I love ice cream. Especially crazy flavored ice cream. I also love pizza, and Pizza Brain is attached to this place. So really, this is the perfect place for me. After eating our yummy pizza from Pizza Brain, my friends and I grabbed a scoop, and after my scoop was gone I experienced great sadness and wanted to go back for more.
The folks at Little Baby's allow you as many samples as you please, so I tried quite a few flavors: banana chip, plum rum raisin, red bean, plain, speculoos (coconut milk base)... and maybe a few more. I ended up going with the red bean, which had little rice puffs in it, and it was so creamy and delicious. I could eat a whole pint of it easily and feel no remorse. My friends told me that Little Baby's sometimes has almond milk based ice creams, and I would love to try one of those flavors as the speculoos was a little too coconut-y for me. It is great that they offer vegan flavors, though. Hats off to Little Baby's!It's good. but some flavors are strange and not that interesting. But they are certainly homemade style. The Thai flavor is the best!Wowzers, this is some awesome icecream.  Sure,it is pricey but worth every penny.  Love the number of dairy free options.  You can even build your own vegan icecream sandwich with some pretty awesome cookies.  A great finish to your meal if you ate at pizza brain.  Definitely worth checking out on a hot summer night.Many original and uncommon flavors with a great dairy-free selection. All available in a cup, cone or ice cream sandwich with vegan cookies available as well. Constant new flavors are a pro and con seeing as sometimes your favorite is not available, but they are always coming up with new and pretty strange ones that are surprisingly yummy and fun to try.What kind of ice cream place offers no chocolate option?  Moreover, how is $6 for a small milkshake a fair price?  
I am not a fan.5 stars + for Little Baby's Ice Cream.  They braved the flooded streets this past weekend to do an ice cream reception at our daughter's wedding.  We couldn't do the tricycle due to the weather but they were quick to change their plans, showed up on time and did an awesome job serving the 150 people at the wedding.  People were buzzing about which flavor they liked best for hours later- my favorite was the Coffee Toffee and the Balsamic Banana!  Thanks guys- love your ice cream but also your very professional way of doing business-- very cool! Hope to see you someday soon on the West Coast! Cheers.I must say that I enjoy the unique flavors concocted at little baby's ice cream. My favorite is the chipotle chocolate however, since the menu is always changing its rare I go there and they have it. With the warm weather you would think that they would be open more but it seems they only have evening hours. Although I enjoy their product I would say that it is overpriced. For a small single scoop its around $4. I'd much rather go to Franklin fountain priced similarly and much more for your dollar.Absolutely amazing! Thumbs up especially for the Vanilla Bourbon and the banana ice cream with cookies crumbles!! Worth every penny!This is a funky joint. The ice-cream flavors are limited but innovative. When I went I only saw 6-8 flavors. I liked the pizza flavor. Pizza, you say? Yes it was surprisingly good. It definitely had a sweet dessert flavor with an after taste that reminds you of plain cheese slice.
Theres a pizzeria joined to this ice-cream shop. 
I think its an okay joint to visit if you're in the area. Not worth a detour.Absolutely AWESOME!  If I could give Little Baby's 10 stars I would for sure!!!  The BEST dairy free ice cream I have ever had!!!  Incredible flavors.  Wonderful atmosphere and the kindest owner & staff ever!!  Went there to celebrate my sons birthday and all the boys had so much fun meeting the owner, trying all the different flavors (Banana Chip, Earl Grey Sriracha & Buttered Popcorn were among the faves)  but Pizza ice cream was by far the favorite!!!  Can't wait to go back.  Wish we lived closer, but I have to say the 90 minute drive for us to get there was WELL WORTH IT!!!!!!!This place has interesting and unique flavors that will give your taste buds a party that they will want to repeat again and again. They have both dairy and non-dairy ice creams and that you'd have a difficult time telling the difference between them. I had the Coconut Chai and Toasted Lime Coconut flavors and the cone they put it on is a delicate and crunchy waffle cone instead of the usual cake cones that taste like styrofoam. Plus they have stores in the city where you can purchase pints of their flavors. Sweet Deal all around.They are simply delicious and always have interesting flavors to try. They're also more than willing to give you a sample before you buy. Their staff are super friendly, I even had the one guy excitedly encouraging me to try out different flavors. They clearly love it there. It costs a bit more than getting ice cream at most other places but the experience is lovely and you get all kinds of interesting flavors that you can't get elsewhere.Little Baby's Ice Cream catered one of my company's events here at the office, and the Speculoos ice cream was delicious! If you've never had Speculoos or cookie butter in general before, think gingersnap and graham cracker combined. Give it a try!
I wish they had a location here in NJ.Expensive but worth the price for the unique and delicious flavors. My main suggestion is that they post online which of the many overall flavors are available in the shop on a given day, since they appear to rotate in only about a dozen of the hundreds listed on their website.I've been on a recent ice cream kick, and this place just fills my cold heart with warmth. This is a fantastic little place in the city to swing by after a date or to fulfill your ice cream craving. They offer a wide variety of nontraditional flavors, some of which are non-dairy (which is a plus for my lactose intolerant friends) and is vegan friendly. If you're looking for your everyday vanilla, chocolate, and strawberry, this isn't the place to be. Prices are a bit steep, but I think it's worth the splurge every once in a while. I would definitely recommend to try at least once if you're in the area.I was kinda bummed by the lack of simple flavors (vanilla, chocolate), but that gave me incentive to try something different.. I got the "Strawberry Celery" flavor and it was surprisingly good. There was a good balance of both flavors.To tell the truth Little Baby's has turned me back onto the local ice cream truck. Yeah Yeah, I know, they got raisenets & boiled boot flavored ice cream (more on that below). Since they set up shop, just down the street from my flat, I've developed a special sympathy for the rickety old van, polluting and rambling to and fro as the diapasons of indecipherable odes churn melancholic heralding the arrival of a Mr. or Ms. Softee. Alas reminds me of my childhood in some sick comforting way.
Sometimes I think Little Baby's is too much. There the intensity of nostalgia boarders on the macabre (more than at Pizza Brain since Little Baby's is a nostalgia for the present), in it is mediated by their presentation of a 'pasts future' as studied innocence and self-conscious cool. This goes deeper than deconstructivist sculpture an neomodern light fixtures. It is with the ice cream that  the ruination of the representational real crescendos. Just when I thought my visual sense had been shot through with the avant garde my taste buds get a dose of Earl Grey Siracha. How can I say if this is bad or good!? So for point of reference (!) I tipped into a little bit o Pizza (flavored ice cream), initial reports were that it tasted just like pizza.
In the final analysis, these guys have a firm grasp on whatever it is they seem to be pulling off or putting on. As for me? Well, I'm just a simple ol' Balsamic Banana man myself...Firstly, I have to recognize the amazing service I got at this place! I tried like 4 different ice creams and the server was lovely the entire time. Now, on to the ice cream... It is delicious! I tried a bunch of flavors and finally settled on the Thai peanut, which I turned into an ice cream sandwich with the chai snickerdoodle cookie (vegan); it was great! The cookie was very tasty and chewy and the ice cream, though non-dairy, was very creamy.Best service ever. Awesome non-dairy flavors. Good prices. Oh and vegan ice cream sandwiches. Forget Franklin FountainI made a trip to Philly specifically for this place and I am glad that I did. 
I am a bit daring when it comes to food choices. I had the early grey sriracha and Maryland style bar-b-que. I know it sounds super gross but the employees let me taste it and I actually enjoyed it! The earl grey sriracha was a sweet and spicy flavor that accompanied each other nicely. The bar-b-que was good. After a bit I wasn't able to finish it but it wasn't because I didn't like it  The best way to describe the bar-b-que would be more of an umami flavor. 
The employees also made me aware that they can change their flavors multiple times a day. There are so many flavors I would love to try here. Definitely a cool experience.When I think of a way to describe Little Baby's, the first word to come to mind is "unique." The flavors don't seem to be just your traditional vanilla, chocolate and strawberry.  They even offer non-dairy options! I don't see that too often in a traditional ice cream shop. 
The biggest difference to me about Little Baby's was probably the texture and consistency of the ice cream. It wasn't as rich and creamy as other ice creams I've had. However, the flavors were explosive and powerful, and that's what I enjoyed about my experience. 
They were very kind with letting us try samples before making our selection, I feel that helps me to form this opinion about their powerful and fun flavors. I opted for the chocolate speculoos (non-dairy) and coffee toffee, with a maple bacon popcorn topping. It was tasty, fun and far from boring.  They even had a pizza ice cream. Not my thing, but really cool to get a little sample of. 
This is not your everyday ice cream, but a blast for those looking for an ice cream adventure, especially after having some pizza next door at Pizza Brain.Best ice cream in Philly. Fun flavors and good service! Their pay it forward board is pretty rad too! Last time I went, I got the black cocoa marshmallow. Take a look at this masterpiece.Best ice cream I've tasted with the most insane flavors. We had the sour cherry, chocolate Milano and sushi. Yes, that's right - sushi. Someone in our group was brave enough to get it. It was a really good ginger ice cream with a touch of wasabi.Super unique and delicious, fun decor and great for a treat. Wouldn't go here regularly due to price, but as a destination for an afternoon it's a cool stop. The ice cream flavors like Earl Grey Sriracha, Coffee Toffee and Birch Beer are sooo tasty.I had the pleasure of stumbling across this ice cream cart at the Making Time 4th of July Party at Bamboo Bar, and must say, I was extremely impressed. 
The flavor choices range form semi-tradtional (Bourbon Bourbon Vanilla) to successfully experimental (Earl Grey Sriracha). I regret not taking the opportunity to sample more, but we immediately fell in love with the previously mentioned flavors and ordered one of each. 
The Bourbon Bourbon Vanilla was an intense explosion of flavor, spoon after spoon. Unlike most vanillas that seem to lose their kick after a few licks or mouthfuls, this flavor never got old.
The Earl Grey Sriracha, with its complex flavor profile, was phenomenal. The first taste is a hint of bitterness from the tea, transitioning to the floral citrusy bite of the bergamot, and dissipating into a mild spiciness of the hot sauce. This flavor doesn't even need the sriracha to be outstanding, but it adds an extra layer of complexity to the finish that just works, and also helps to cleanse your palette between bites. 
I'm excited these guys exist and hope to see their cart at more events and block parties. Can't wait to try the other flavors and see what other exotic flavors they come up with next.COCONUT CHAI. YES.
I'm a sucker for anything coconut or chai so when I discovered a hybrid concoction of the two, I almost cried tears of joy.
I've also tried the chipotle chocolate and earl grey sriracha which were both super delicious as well!
This place does take credit cards now, I know it says otherwise in the description, but I've never paid cash there.
Little Baby's also has a bunch of dairy-free options which is great for all the vegans/lactose intolerant peeps out there.I kid you not: Little Baby's is some of the best ice cream you'll ever have.
I REPEAT--
Little Baby's is some of THE BEST ice cream you'll ever have.
Although home base is Philly, Little Baby's pops up at Union Market in Washington DC on Sundays.  We scoped it out for the first time, fell over from such insanely superb flavors, and then made a second trip for another scoop.
If you see the birch beer or the smoked cinnamon, order 'em both and savor every frozen flavor-exploding moment!The Buttered Popcorn Ice Cream is the best ice cream I've ever had!  The prices kinda remind me of the "birthday loan officer" from Portlandia.  But hey, the money's for babies... a pretty good cause...  We love Little Babies Pizza Brain, or Lil Brainy's Pizza Ice...Nice spot. They have a variety of weird flavors of ice cream and no regular flavors. Once they provide regular flavors as well as the ones they make it'll be way better.I feel like my review does not really count because I have not tried Earl Grey Sriracha which seems like the consummately perfect flavor, especially as a hot sauce aficionado.  
I have had the Bourbon Bourbon vanilla and Thai coconut, the latter being dairy-free.  The two really went well together and were both incredibly creamy and flavorful.  A perfect addition to a hot summer day.Pure deliciousness!!!
 Stopping here and ending the road trip to Philly was the best idea. This isn't your average ice cream shop the flavors are spectacular. But if you're a first timer ask to sample the ones that catch your eye. The staff is absolutely friendly and patient. I would recommend this place to anyone.Really enjoy this place! Unique and delicious flavors and great staff that are always willing to let you sample literally every flavor!I am incredibly lucky I am to have Little Babies ice cream within walking distance of my dwelling!
The flavors at L.B. are not for the the 'vanilla crowd', if you get my drift.  If your palate is advanced and/or quirky or you have ever been told by a 'meat & potatoes only-type' that you "eat weird food", then L.B. is your place!
Little Babies offers a variety of Philadelphia style ice cream (dairy) as well as fantastically creamy, non-dairy ice cream. 
 The flavors I have tried are:   (and I love them all)
Banana Chip
Box Of Chocolates
Chipotle Chocolate
Chocolate Milano
Chocolate Salt Malt
Coconut Chai
Coconut Tea
Earl Grey Sriracha
Goldenberg's速 Original Dark Peanut Chews速 Vanilla Molasses
Goldenberg's速 Original Dark Peanut Chews速 Chocolate Molasses
Lime Toasted Coconut
Lychee Lemonade
Mint Cookie
Reanimator Coffee Red Eye
Smoked Cinnamon
Speculoos
Thai Iced Tea
Blueberry Lemonade
Chocolate Pomegranate Swirl
Coconut Coffee Kamora
Strawberry Pinkpeppercorn
Sweet Potato Burnt Marshmallow
Peppermint Hot Chocolate
White RussianWe had Little Baby's bring their cool cart and serve ice cream at our wedding reception.   It was so good, all of our guests were lined up outside for ice cream much  to the discontent of our DJ.  We visit their shoppe on Frankford regularly and it has ruined me for all other ice cream.There is no escape from Little Baby's deliciousness. I can't get away from them. Are those tricycles following me? They seem to be everywhere I go these days. I'm liking it that way. 
Super premium Philly-style ice cream scoops of unique flavor combinations are a deliciously cool reward for a girl, after drunkenly dancing the night away. Nice t'see yez at The Mann Center, Little Baby's. Peanut Butter Maple Tarragon is still my unseated favorite flavor, but I know that this could all change at my next Little Baby's run-in.Not your regular ice cream parlor! The staff was incredibly patient with my hesitancy towards flavors other than a simple twist with rainbow sprinkles. I loved the sugar cookie ice cream one not sure if it was Speculoos or not. Either way loved it! Was definitely outside my comfort zone. Will return :)Closed on a hot summer day! = Lost a customer. 
Why would you be closed in the middle of the day on a hot summer day? I heard about how great your ice cream is but I never got to find out & probably never will now. Seriously, was there a family emergency? It makes no sense to be closed. I wish I had a picture to prove this. I was just shocked & very annoyed. *sad trombone*As a first timer at Little Baby's, I thought the ice cream was pretty good! I  loved that the ice cream was homemade and they had so many interesting flavors to choose from. I had to sample almost all of them since I had no idea what they would taste like just looking at the names (not complaining, I loved doing this). 
After trying just about every flavor I ordered the Double Chocolate Cookie with chocolate chips on top in a waffle cone. The ice cream was really good and definitely hit the spot. If I didn't order the chocolate, the Smoked Cinnamon was also very tasty. 
When ordering, I recommend getting a single scoop. I thought that was just the right amount of ice cream. There were plenty of seats inside and outside. I thought it was neat that you could also get a pizza right next door. Pizza and ice cream? Doesn't get any better than that!Everything bagel .. Ice cream? What? Do it!! So strange, yet so amazing. 
Keep the weird coming!Always find a delicious new flavor to try the matter what the day is or what I'm in the mood for. Dare to try something different you can always taste any flavor first but I must warn you the only one we did not like was the pizza flavor just not a good thingLittle Baby's is one of the few ice cream joints in the city that offers a wide range of non-dairy flavors. Many of them are creative, some to the point of absurdity (pizza, everything bagel). Not nearly enough of the flavors are chocolate-based (but maybe that's just me). Toppings are a bit unconventional (no sprinkles).
Prices are a bit steep; load up on pints if you're an addict like me. Save the pint containers for a small ($1) discount on each on your return. I usually get a milkshake using whatever non-dairy chocolate flavor is being offered that day mixed with almond milk ($8 for large). My current favorite flavors are peppermint hot chocolate and chocolate mint cookie.
The atmosphere and the concept of this place is definitely fun and kooky, and it's one of my favorite spots. I wish they would post daily flavor offerings consistently on their website or on social media; this would prevent wasted trips on my part (yes, I'm a non-dairy ice cream nut). I've also been disappointed to arrive at Little Baby's on cold winter days to find them unexpectedly closed. Definitely call ahead in cold weather to make sure your trip will be worthwhile.Little Baby's is such a sweet treat. We gotten ice cream at their locations in Union Transfer, off 2nd St. in No.Libs., and most recently - at their new shop by Frankford Ave. The combination of flavors is so sweet and delectable, they all pair well but you also taste the individual flavors too. Cardamom Caramel, Earl Grey, Root Beer, and Mint Cookie... all great. 
The only thing that I can't justify.... is the price. $4 for a little scoop is a bit much considering you can get a quart of ice cream for less than that. In fact, if you have an ice cream maker, you can surely buy enough ingredients for less than $4 to make 1-2 quarts as well. Overall decent, but it's not something we can have too often.Simply amazing!!! I love the flavors and I recommend people to try Speculoos (spice cookie flavor) or Red Hot Cinnamon or even the Chocolate Salt Malt.  The staff was very nice and very friendly. They also described the ingredients in the ice cream. I love it.
I also want to add Sweet Potato Burnt Marshmallow and Pumpkin Curry are AWESOME flavors!!!! YUM!When I think of places to take friends who aren't from philly to, Little Baby's always comes to mind. I had the cucumber dill which was refreshing and delicious. Their crazy flavors always excite people and they get to leave and be able to tell others they had pizza ice cream and that it was actually delicious. I'm always confused when I try those weird flavors and actually enjoy them but you'll have to try them and see for yourself. Nice staff, cool atmosphere, and yummy ice cream.This place is a hidden gem that not a lot of people know about. I come here every now and then to check out their unique CRAZY flavors. One of the weirdest one I've tried is 'red hot cinnamon candy' flavored. Which was great and tasted exactly like the candy. You can't come here and not try the weird flavors lol. Ask for a sample if you are too intimidated to get a scoop! They had a flavor with cilantro before, which was also good. I have also seen a sriracha one, but I've never tried that. 
The latest flavored I've tried from them was the Blueberry Ginger. I expected more ginger taste, but to my surprise, I could not taste the ginger at all. It was really refreshing and their ingredients are freshly made! Decor is super creative and funky. It connects to a pizza shop as well! 
Also, when you are about to make an order, look to the right wall which usually have a board posted with different names and/or actions etc. If your name or whatever activities are listed on the board, you could possibly score free ice cream! Cute and fun idea but I've never scored anything yet. LolMaybe it's because I am immersed in the Simpsons Marathon on FXX but visiting Little Baby's reminded me of Moe's explanation of post-modern decor, "It's weird for the sake of being weird ..". This can easily be applied to the ice cream creations of Little Baby's.
Yesterday the better half and I made our first visit and found the staff to be perfectly affable, contrary to some other reviews. Decor is fine enough ... but the ice cream was obviously the goal here. It is the always available Dairy-Free options that got us in the door, the better half hasn't had an ice cream cone since W was in office ...
Banana Balsamic was the chosen selection for the Dairy Free and we both agreed that while the Banana was subtle the Balsamic added an aggressive tang that very much over powered any other notes. I had gone for as close to safe as I could with a Chipotle Chocolate selection and while I enjoyed it, I am not sitting here yearning for more of it. It had a really cool pop at the end due to the chipotles and played nicely on my taste buds. What you can be certain of is that next time we return the flavors will be totally different, which is to be applauded. 
The long and short of tit is, sometimes you just want a scoop of vanilla with some rainbow jimmies on top ...Came across Little Baby's at the Trenton Ave. Arts Fest. Sweet Jesus! I was blown away! Had a scoop of Birch Beer and a scoop of Coffee and was transported to another dimension. Hot damn. Hope to come across Little Baby's again soon!!This place is amazing not only is the staff fabulous but the flavors are unique and beyond delicious! The staff is friendly and professional and great at suggesting yummy flavors of sweet sweet heaven. I called in once and spoke to an employee named Ryan he was so pleasant, respectful, curious, and knowledgeable about their products. I was asking about ingredients and  stuff do to a family members allergies. He was  informative and we all know sometimes employees can get annoyed and frustrated  when it comes to customers and there thosands of questions but he seemed genuinely concerned and wanted answers all my questions and concerns so my family could enjoy some yummy ice cream with out the worrys of food allergies. Anytime i've visted this establishment the employees seem happy like they enjoy there job which is very refreshing. If i could give them 10 stars I would! By the way if you can't choose i'd go for the sweet potato burnt marshmallow it's my absolute favorite!This place is pretty cool. They had these bizarre ice-cream flavors like pizza and buttered pop corn but they were extremely good. My girlfriend and myself wound up making our own ice cream sandwiches with the sugar cookie. She choose chocolate peanut butter bar and I chose their non-dairy cookies and cream. It's made with coconut milk so it has a very small hint of coconut. If  e didn't stop there for desert after dinner we would've tried the pizza they have on the other side of the shop. Everything I saw other customers eating looked awesome too!friendly staff!  interesting flavors.  i like the cinnamon and thai tea.   everything else is too weird.The flavors are fun and innovative, and many are also available as a very convincing dairy free option. My main complaint, and the reason I gave 4 instead of 5 stars, is that they only offer 4 non dairy flavors at a time. When I was last in the shop, half of those flavors were coconut (coconut tea and coconut chai, to be precise). I was also very disappointed by the fact that their online flavor list reads more like a resume than a list of possible offerings. Many listings were one time only offerings, and should have been removed.I don't know....I hate to give them 3 stars, but I feel I have to.  
Set up - I do like the fact that they set up shop right on 2nd street in Northern Liberties on a hot day.  Who can say no to ice cream when it's put right in front of you like that?
Prices - The prices are a bit steep in my opinion.  I got one little scoop on a cone, for 4 dollars.  It was a very very small scoop.  
Consistency - it was super hot out, and I guess the ice cream was driven over on a bike, but it was super melty on the cone - not as frozen as I would have liked.   I had to eat it really quickly to prevent it from dripping down the cone.
Flavor - The cardamon caramel really intrigued me, but luckily I asked for a sample spoon of it before ordering.  Gross!  I can't believe there are so many good reviews of it on this site.  It tasted like SAND.  Gritty sand in my mouth and I could barely taste the flavor.  I ended up going with the bourbon vanilla instead, which was pretty tasty, but for $4 for a tiny scoop I could have gotten a whole pint of Haagen Das dulce de leche - the best ice cream ever - at the corner store.  
I wanted to like this stand more than I did.Just awesome!  My wife introduced me to this place last night.  I was leery of the $12 cab ride over, but it was worth.every.penny.
Not knowing what I was in for, and being the fool I can be about ice cream, I ordered a plain ice cream shake (they can make them with almond or with soy milk).  It was the best shake I've ever had!
She allowed me to walk right into this giant mistake, went ahead and ordered a red velvet scoop for herself.  I tasted it and was hooked.  It has hints of spiced wine (Sporee) and it was out-of-this-world delicious.
So I could not leave Little Baby's without the full experience.  I ordered the ear gray and sriracha scoop.  How do they balance these flavors so perfectly?  It was amazing.  Creamy, a bit spicy not overly sweet and disgusting a la Dairy Queen.  Perfection!  I owe her big time!Food: 3.5
Decor: 3.5
Ambiance: 4
Service:4
Value: 3.5
This is where I discovered Speculoos, and now my life will never be the same. Flavors are hit and miss, but it is a must stop after pizza next door.i don't know if i can accurately express how much i love little baby's ice cream. not only are the flavors inventive and amazing, the non dairy ice cream is so damn good. i highly recommend treating yourself every once in a while to an ice cream sandwich, as they are wow wow wow delicious. here's a fun food evening: go to pizza brain (right next door), bring some beer, as they're BYO, and try not to eat too much so that you can save room for dessert. of course, both establishments are equally as awesome on their own standing, but as long as you're there, might as well go to both!Some of the favorite flavors of my life have graced my tongue at LB's favor. Sour Cherry Honey, Blueberry Ginger, CHOCOLATE SALT MALT. Do yourself a favor and get an ice cream sandwich at some point. Also, make sure you try everything before you get it, they are really cool about it.At the corner of South St. and Broad St. Place is clean and love the toppings variation. Staff is friendly.Our friends kept telling us that we had to try this place.  So, we did.  
OH MY GOD!  I got the non-dairy mint cookie "ice cream".  Holy hell!  It was delicious!  Very smooth and creamy.  I wound up leaving with a pint to go.  The place is decorated really cute - very retro.  It's right next door to Pizza Brain so on the walls were old pizza/movie posters (Loverboy and Mystic Pizza to name a few).LBIC is so awesome, I finally had to give in and become a Yelper so I could review them.
I first tried their ice cream at the Made In America concert - a single cone of Earl Grey Sriracha. I won't lie, I was skeptical at first about the flavor combo. Then I tried it...so creamy smooth and sweet, with just a little bit of fire at the end. Stopped by again later on and got a double cone of it. Stopped by yet again even later and got a single cone. When I was leaving the concert, they had already left for the night, or else I probably would have gotten one for the road. My friend tried their Cardamom Caramel and Bourbon Bourbon Vanilla, so I tasted those too - both were great.
Fast forward to a couple of weeks later, when I see that LBIC is set up at the PHS Pop-Up Garden. Some co-workers and I were in that area for lunch, so I made them go over with me to get some dessert. Just ice cream sandwiches that day, so I tried Chai Snickerdoodles with Coconut Chai Ice Cream. Amazing.
I was going through an Earl Grey Sriracha withdrawal the other day, so I headed over to the Foodery in No Libs so I could pick up a couple of pints of it. Is it a bit more expensive than regular ice cream? Yes. But is it worth it. Hell, yes.
Love live Little Baby's!My husband and I live on the West Coast and were getting married on the East Coast.  We have a food truck theme and used Little Baby's Ice Cream as one of the sweet treats!  It was AMAZING and their team was great to work with! I can't wait to be in town again and visit the shop to sample all the flavors!  Thank you Little Baby's Ice Cream!  Allison & JonahHype machine. 
This is the kind of place that pulls you in over and over again even if you just find it average.
The vibe of the place, the employees, and flavor creations is fun and inventive. It definitely wakes you up from the generic ice cream place, but if you are looking for a perfectly hedonistic solution to an ice cream craving, you might be better off somewhere else. 
Their flavors are only for the bold and would leave some people hanging who just want a basic chocolate/vanilla fix. 
They make ice cream so damn good to, but the after tastes/ mix ins leave you wondering what it would taste like if they had at least one or two plainer options.
That being said, their birch beer vanilla sugar cookie sandwich is damn amazing and the easiest crowd pleaser. Worth the $5. The rest of the options are too expensive for me to bear. 
If the prices cheapened a bit, I'd give it 4 stars.I am all for unique ice cream flavors but I failed and got the coffee toffee. I tried El Vocho, Earl Grey Sriracha, and balsalmic banana. I just couldn't down it. I am pretty open minded but I suck and got a basic flavor. I'm a loser, I admit it. Coffee toffee was still pretty damn good though.I loved the cucumber dill non-dairy choice! Light, refreshing and delicious! All who come  leave with a smile after a scoop of Little Baby's Ice Cream.Unique ice cream full of wonderful flavors to delight your taste buds. Neighborhood can be sketchy for some people but don't let that scare you.  Just a heads up for the non city folk who will just turn around and run away.  Heard about them via twitter and will be back. Birch Beer Vanilla and Cardamom Caramel were tasted and consumed with happy smile faces.  Soon to open right next door will be the pizza museum and I'm sure a pizzeria. I'm going back soonHuuuuge scoops and little cones. Kinda funny but also not very practical. Choice of flavored is interesting, but not necessarily something I haven't tried before. When it comes to taste, I wouldn't say they are unique and special. Decent. They have NON-DAIRY choices (bases on coconut milk), which is a big plus! Pricing: $4/scoop or $6/2scoops.I first had Little Baby's when I went to the Union Transfer, and I got Vanilla Bourbon. Tasted like real Vanilla Bean and Bourbon. Then I got some a few years later next door to Pizza Brain. Major props to them for making non-dairy ice cream, which makes me really happy since I'm lactose intolerant. Fair prices and great ice cream. It's the good stuff, high in butter fat.I have been waiting to try Little Baby's Ice Cream ever since I saw those incredible, weird viral web videos and heard about those super questionable flavors. Did they disappoint after all these years of hype? I am thrilled to say they exceeded my expectations. 
Mike and I grabbed the 6 scoop sampler to try as much product as we could - luckily they are very generous with their scoops, so for $6 we felt this was a great deal. We chose the Birch Beer Vanilla Bean, Pizza, Chocolate Chocolate Cookie Dough, Butterscotch Scotch, Spicy Honey Mustard and Banana Chip.
By and large, our favorite flavor was Pizza. It's simply addicting. We've never had savory ice cream before, and didn't expect to like it, but it was absolutely the sleeper hit. The ice cream had a light, fresh tomato flavor with bits of Italian seasoning throughout. We loved it so much we got it as a milkshake to-go which we thought IMPROVED its flavor even more! Get this. It works, trust me.
The Birch Beer Vanilla Bean was my favorite sweet flavor - very much like the soda, but with a great punch of vanilla. The Chocolate Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough was good as well, but had some consistency issues. It was very grainy for some reason, but the chocolate flavor was very pronounced and reminded me of high quality homemade chocolate pudding. The Butterscotch Scotch was fine, but didn't have a lot of butterscotch flavor - it reminded me mostly of a straightforward vanilla ice cream. While the Spicy Honey Mustard was an interesting idea, it didn't provide a lot of flavor, and burned as you swallowed. I'm not a banana fan, but Mike said the Banana Chip was good.
We definitely want to come back one day to try and conquer more of their flavors. Looking forward to the next time!Who runs this place? A new frozen yogurt place opens up 3 blocks away (competition) and you increase your prices by 20%!? You should take ghe money and open Lil Babies Business School!  It could be the new Trump University!Mmmm. Yummy snickerdoodle cookies embracing delicious cardamom caramel ice cream. Yummy yummy in my tummy. Yes!They don't give enough ice cream for the price. They do have some odd flavors but besides that I wouldn't go back. Go somewhere else.I had the fortune of having some delicious ice cream from this vendor at a block party and it was amazing! 
I tried the Vegan Mint Oreo and can I first just thank them for making vegan ice creams?! I'm not a vegetarian, but I am lactose intolerant, so it was nice to not have to worry about how my tummy would take it! Anyway, I had just missed out on the other vegan flavor, coconut something (I love coconut, so I was bummed, but then they pulled our the mint oreo, so I was happy again!). Tastes just as you would imagine, only less-guilty for me because I could just sit back and enjoy it!
Before they left for another party, I got to taste the Earl Gray Sriracha and I can see why Jeff (one of three owners) said it was his favorite. It has this delicious Earl Gray taste with a hint of spice- yum! I wanted MORE! 
The funniest part about happening upon them at my block party is that I was already following them on Twitter (@LittleBabysIC) and had no idea they were outside. 
It's probably best they are a traveling ice-cream shop!!Yum! I love desserts! I've always come across this on my Yelp searches, but never tried it. Well, I'm so glad I finally did! The Speculoos ice cream was soo yummy! I got it between two Chai Snickerdoodle cookies. However, I felt the cookies took away from the ice cream. The two taste much better on their own. The guy behind the counter was also super patient and helpful. He let us try a couple flavors until we picked one we wanted. Try this place out!Couldn't wait to come back here after our visit. This time we bought a pint of article splash flavor and yards brown butter brawler.. We can't wait to put them tonight for our 4th if July dessert.  This place is so much fun with new flavors every time we go!!Best Ice Cream shop and Pizza place. Do yourself a favor bring all your out of town friends here.Was disappointed in my first visit to this classic Philly establishment yesterday. I have gotten crazy and interestingly delicious ice cream at many places, including the Ice Cream Store in Rehoboth Beach, Delaware, Toscanini's in Cambridge, Mass, and Max and Mina's in Queens.
My boyfriend and I stopped by here before our trip home after doing the Philly Marathon/Half Marathon and spending the day in the city. We really were looking so much forward to the ice cream here, especially after scouring the extensive flavor possibilities on the website. I think I had picked TWELVE that I was interested in getting (of the regulars, not even seasonal! that was another five)! I figured that a rotating menu would at least have one of those available.
Well, not a single one of them were available when we arrived last night. There were only five choices: Bourbon bourbon vanilla, Chocolate Milano, Everything Bagel (a classic I know, but not something I wanted...), Rose Pistachio and Cranberry-something. Two of the ten regulars I wanted to try, Chocolate Salt Malt and Thai Iced Tea, were only available non-dairy, which was full of pieces of coconut...This made my experience very awkward as there were seriously no flavors I wanted to get, while my boyfriend cheered that his #1 choice was there.
So I wouldn't just sit there while he ate his alone, I got the Chocolate Milano, what I saw as the only edible flavor for me (besides the vanilla, but I don't spend $4 for a scoop of vanilla, bourbon or not...). It was really just chocolate almond. Very boring. The size of my scoop, however, was generous. 
My boyfriend loved his Everything Bagel ice cream while I sat very disappointed struggling to eat mine. What made it worse was that I initially asked them if that was it for their flavors, which they said yes. Then, right after I ordered, they realized that they actually ran out of the Rose Pistachio and brought out Oatmeal Raisin, one I would have loved to have instead (one of the five seasonals I wanted to get)! If your customer is clearly disappointed with the choices, and you have another flavor ready to go, wouldn't you want to tell them?
We will be returning next time we are in Philly. Hopefully they will have more palatable choices for me then.Vegan Earl Grey Sriracha ice cream.  How in the world did somebody come up with this flavor? It was incredible and I'm not sure how or why?
Fantastic place.some of their flavors are weird like im sorry but strawberry peppercorn is just not good but surprisingly buttered popcorn was good?? also they had dairy free.I stumbled up this food truck when I was at the Mann Center for the Vampire Weekend concert.  They had three flavors available: one dairy and two non.  I believe the flavors were Plum Rum Raisin (dairy), Earl Grey Sriracha (non-dairy, coconut based), and a Lime Coconut something (I assume it was also coconut based).  I took a sample of the Sriracha one to make sure I liked it and was pleasantly surprised of my adventurous pick. I regret not asking to sample the other two flavors though.  I assume they were equally delicious.  The two guys running the truck seemed like very pleasant/chill dudes.
Now for the -1 star.  It was pretty pricey at $5 for one scoop.  One scoop was more than enough for me, but I would expect it to be $4.00 max. Also, I mentioned the dairy/non-dairy options which were clearly marked which is awesome.  However, there wasn't any mention of what the non-dairy choices were made from.  I'm allergic to almonds and that could have been disastrous if I didn't ask what it was made from first.  People with nut/soy allergies really need to know these things and it would keep the line moving faster if people didn't have to waste time to ask.in visiting philadelphia for the holiday season, this is the one place i wish i could take back home with me.Yum, yum.  Awesome ice cream in rotating flavors.  Although I don't like non-dairy ice cream, my rescue greyhound Roxanne sure did!