My family is very excited this bakery just came to the 'hood. It is a great addition. The staff is so friendly and the baked goods are fantastic. I take my kids there all the time, and they love kids there.This cafe is just da sweetest widdle fing ever! As I butcher my best coo'ing voice to express what may be the best find so far in my recent work move to the Germantown area. Trying to make it to Chestnut Hill and back on my lunch break just wasn't in the cards for me on the day that I found Little Jimmie's, but something about this little stone house made me pull a u-turn on Germantown Ave, park and head in to see what kind of lunch it could turn out. 
I walked in to find no more than seating for 10...tiny tables lining white washed walls adorned with little saying and historical plaques. I knew that I needed to take my order to go and was a little sad that I couldn't stay and enjoy my sandwich in-house, but placed my order, ready in just a few minutes and off I went. I had ordered a chicken salad sandwich which came complete with a little bag of chips and a pickle for a reasonable $6 and was surprised at just how hearty the sandwich was. I was expecting a standard chicken salad sandwich, a ltitle mayo, some s&p, celery, maybe some chopped onion; but this was the classy kind...the one with the grapes and the walnuts, no complaints from this chickadee.
My hope is that in the spring when my workload lessens and I have a little more time to travel up to Chestnut Hill for lunch that I will be able to enjoy their menu at a cute little table with a window breeze and a little sunshine.Been there at least 6 times and even ordered a birthday cake once. They are extremely family friendly and have great baked goods and coffee.  Love the ambiance even though it's a bit small. The back patio is really cute too.
The downside is that their breakfasts leave something to be desired. Salty, over-overcooked, and the eggs are just not good. We have taken the family a couple times and want so badly to enjoy the cooked food but always leave disappointed. I love the place and the owners but really hope they consider evaluating their breakfast menu. Been there for a lunch sandwich once and thought the bread could have been better. It was just simple white toast.Such a cute little place . The treats are tasty and the people are very nice . Def a hidden gem in the neighborhood ! I actually ordered to go , but next time I will be def eating thereWas in the area and found this place by chance! It looked super cute outside and inside was even better! Reese greeted myself and my boyfriend, he was very polite and friendly. Reese mentioned seating through the back door, happy we sat out there it was clean and quaint. The menu was straightforward and had just the right amount of options. We ordered our food and sat outside, Reese brought us our food and we learned that he cooked it too; it was DELICIOUS!!! Such a great breakfast. Really glad we stumbled upon this spot!Went there today. The place is small and cute. Very clean and neat on the inside. I ordered the breakfast burrito and it was amazing. I order breakfast burritos every place I go if they have them and this place had the best one I have had in a long time. I can not wait to go back. The coffee was good and all baked goods are made in house. Excellent place.Y'all, Little Jimmie's mini empire just keeps getting sweeter and sweeter. Same great, humble and warm service now with plenty more deliciousness of which to take part. My job was hosting a potluck for Black History Month and I popped in thinking I'd grab an assortment of whatever looked good, but duh! Errything looked good.
I did my best to keep from going full St. Bernard slobber monster on those pristine new display cases as I ogled cakes, cookies, breads, tarts and cupcakes galore. And then the most sumptuous looking German Chocolate cake winked at me. Okay so maybe it was just the gleam of the coconut icing.
At any rate, I scooped it up and shared it with a few coworkers. I intended to share it with more than a few but it was so decadent and delicious we all went back for second slices and poof! It was nom'd.
Going back soon for cupcakes. I'll try to leave you some ;)Yummy treats, pretty much everything here is off the hook. Delicious brownies and sometimes they have these peach squares that taste like peach cobbler, they are by far one of my favorites. I also like the quaint little cottage building they are in. The staff is Always pleasant and helpful.Most perfect breakfast sammie and scone. I want to eat here every morning. 
Super friendly staff and adorable shop.The cinnamon cream cake is my favorite, but then they changed their chocolate chip cookie recipe up and BOOM! I always come with the intent to try something new, but I leave with my cream cake and chocolate chip cookie!
The red velvet brownie is good and so is the sweet potato bar...a great fall dessert!We were on a road trip through Canada & the USA. Despite other reviews I read and because this place is nearby our airbnb app, we tried this place. 
We ordered a breakfast toast (w/ spinach, tomato, eggs), a tuna melt & 2 latte's. Everything was delicious, hot and fresh. We were absolutely beyond pleased with the food. Cute little place with great staff. They have a bakery a cross the street.Awesome breakfast sandwiches and a cute little place to meet with friends for coffee. I sometimes like to work remotely there and its great!J'adore. I cannot express to you how tickled I am that I finally went into this, from the outside, intriguing little spot!
Two things immediately struck me when I opened the wee wooden door. The first, heavenly warm-baked aromas both savory and sweet, and the other, Little Jimmie himself. Others have mentioned it, but I don't often have the experience of walking into an establishment and instantly greeting its owner. Jimmie greeted me warmly and waited patiently and without judgment while I ogled the menu with my mouth open. 
I love everything about this place--its snug size, white-washed walls, all of the incredibly personal, handwritten and handcrafted touches. It pays much respect to the neighborhood--not just in the preservation of the space itself, but also with various maps and other artifacts. There are indeed less than 10 seats, and like Yelpers Latrell C. have noted, it is the perfect place to grab breakfast before work. 
The great good news? They're expanding! They've got a full-size bakery across the street, plus some additional cafe space coming, and they're planning to rearrange the space in 6669 to add more seating as well. This is just one of the fab things you learn when you get to chat with the owner while he makes you breakfast :)
Now down to bidness: I ordered the Germantown Cheesy Scrambler for breakfast. Super cheesy, fluffy scrambled eggs, delicious, fresh-sliced ham and lord-have-mercy herb roasted potatoes with 2 slices of toast. You beat that price or try to match the deliciousness. Just you try.
I also got a blueberry scone on which I went full Cookie Monster nom-nom on. The only difference between me and the Monster? Not nan crumb got dribbled, dropped or left behind.
I cannot wait to return to do some more eating, reading, nestling and journaling. The best part is that I can walk there! I love to shop local and I love it even more when someone as lovely, generous and genuine as Jimmie warms up the space. Stop driving past it and wondering what all the good fuss is about--go, devour and enjoy.What a neighborhood gem! Awesome desserts, good other food items. I've had the cupcakes and breakfast sandwiches which have always been really good! Good A/C and free WiFi ( Xfinity hotspot too). So basically I can get fast WiFi, good food, good coffee and have nice smooth music playing in the background... love it!Workers behind staff were friendly and professional. It is a novelty to have in MT. Airy however, i wasn't too excited about the sticky buns because the caramelized top was too gooey. It was more like a biscuit with molasses and nuts rather than a soft and warm bun with melted syrup that has a smooth texture as i have tasted. Or maybe that's how I like it! The size of sticky bun was small considering the price as well.Delicious coffee, delicious baked goods, good environment, and really nice and helpful staff. Love this place!! They have free WiFi and a nice section in the back for sitting outside. Skip Starbucks and visit this local, welcoming gem of a coffee shop!I just moved to Mount Airy from Germantown and now live right down the street from this wonderful establishment!  I have only lived here a week and have already seen the owner, Jimmie, a bunch of times.  He is super friendly and so proud of what he does it makes me incredibly happy!!  The food and coffee are delicious and the service is friendly and fast.  The inside of the cafe is quaint and homey and I love all of the articles and photos about the neighborhood on the walls. 
It is so refreshing and inspiring to be around people that take such pride in their food and in their neighborhood.I stopped by while walking my dog to see what was cook'n at Little Jimmies.  I ordered a couple of muffins and a coffee for the road and now I'm dying to go back.  The baked good case was packed with delicious choices and the smell of bacon and eggs was all over.  I will be back again for breakfast and lunch!
PS: The muffins where fantastic, and the coffee was really, really good!
PPS:  Bring back the iced coffee!So, we hate to write a bad review - we really wanted to like Little Jimmie's - but ours was not a good experience.  My husband and I came here for the first time on a Saturday morning right after they opened, and we were the only customers during our entire 30-minute visit - does not bode well if those who live within walking distance don't patronize the cafe.  The lack of air conditioning was noticeable in such heat.  We had to wait almost a minute before the lone employee on duty came out from the back.  He didn't seem too awake or eager to be working at that hour (8 am).  He wasn't rude, but he wasn't friendly either.  The pastries on five or six cake stands appeared rather unremarkable and, frankly, old.  I inquired about the sticky buns, since I didn't see them; we'd read about them on a Philly's Top Ten list of best cinnamon rolls, and that was the whole reason we came.  Well, lo and behold, their bake shop was closed for a two-week renovation and they didn't have a consistent schedule for which goods would be baked on which days; at least, the employee didn't know what goods would be available when, and that sounds like lackluster management to me.  (You always want to be able to give the customer as much information as possible.)  So, we eyed the less-than-stellar pastries and settled on a cherry danish for myself and an apple turnover for my husband, in addition to two coffees.  The employee didn't offer me a receipt or to help me carry the two plates and two coffees to the table.  I agree that that isn't required, but it would have been nice - a "step above" - since we were the only people in the place and my husband was sitting at a table holding our nine-month-old.  You know, the coffee wasn't half-bad.  But the pastries .  . . whew, the pastries were another story.  Ter-ri-ble.  The cherry danish tasted like it had been taken out of a Hostess package, and the supposed-to-be-almost-croissant-like dough - you know, a little crunch and crispiness on the outside - had given way to a bland, dough-y consistency, thanks to sitting out for a day or two; it was clearly stale.  The cherry part was mostly sticky and gelatinous, with a few canned maraschinos thrown in. I couldn't even eat it; why waste my taste buds and my calories on a terrible "treat?"  I've never not eaten a pastry that I've bought, and we go out to breakfast two to three times per month.  My husband's wasn't much better, but he ate it anyway.  Now, again, I had to remind myself that the bake shop was closed.  BUT, but, you should NEVER serve sub-par pastries, especially to potentially first-time customers who are deciding whether or not they want to return or even become regulars.  Instead, you should have a plan in place to continue baking and serving fresh pastries, not try to pawn off days-old goodies on unsuspecting patrons.  Little Jimmie's, you could've had our business, and we even though about returning for a sticky bun once the bake shop reopens - but no, we just can't bring ourselves to do that.Lovely establishment with a great and friendly owner.
I enjoyed my panini--warm, gooey with roasted red peppers. My friend loved her Tex-Mex-style salad with a generous helping of guac. Sat outside and enjoyed it quite a bit. Recommended.A cute little Mt. Airy staple. The baked goods are incredible and sweet and delicious and freshly made every day! 
I went for breakfast a few weeks ago with my pal. We ordered eggs and turkey sausage and potatoes and a waffle. It was like our sexy chef boyfriend made us breakfast in bed. I was delighted!
The food is fresh and quality and prepared well. The prices are reasonable. This is a simple, casual, lovely place to frequent not far from our house. So glad this is in our neighborhood.My Good friend ventures here quite often & mentioned it. So on our Brunch weekend, we stopped by. Course it was late, so they didn't have many things left. WE ended up with Mocha latter & egg sandwiches , they were decent. I'm hoping they have more next visit. It a great historic little place, But just needs like that Women's touch, the backyard has great view , to have tables, lights, & justoverall decorations to make it EVEN more eclectic, but the guy ..hasn't done much more.
Return factor:
 On my way Chestnut Hill-of course!!Little Jimmie's is a great addition to Northwest Philadelphia. I've had lunch and baked goods here, and today, I took home a (pre-ordered) birthday cake.  Cake was perfect-- nicely decorated, rich  but not too sweet. You could really taste the chocolate.  The shop is tiny (it's in an 18th century stone schoolhouse!)  but the ceiling  is so high, it doesn't feel cramped.   I'm glad  this warm and friendly place is in my neighborhood.Friendly service, extensive menu, breakfast served all day and a case full of divine pastries, what more could a lunch-hunter ask for? Bacon served to crispy perfection.Great little bakery! The hot breakfast sandwiches are good because the croissants are amazing. Other faves include sticky buns (wow! so good!) and coffee cake. We will be back to try other items, maybe check out the lunch menu. Oh, I should also mention that the people working here are very friendly.I walked inside, and all I could think was:
"Someone built a bakery inside the TARDIS."
From the outside, this structure looks impossibly tiny. But open the door, and you'll be greeted by sky-high ceilings and an airy and sun-filled wide open space complete with seating area and a beautifully staged display of baked goodies. The cafe is bright and inviting, and this is matched by the friendly service and warm smiles from the staff.
I selected two items: a cheddar biscuit and a sticky bun. I did not taste the sticky bun (although it got rave reviews from its lucky recipient), but the biscuit was flaky and light with a nice crispy crust. It had just the right amount of salt to bring out the cheddar flavor and to complement the dusting of herbs on top. In a word, it was fabulous.
What a wonderful addition to Mt. Airy! I plan to make a return trip to sample their brunch offerings soon.Wife and I found this place by accident. A great find, breakfast sandwiches were great. Bacon was crisp and eggs fluffy. Love the decor of this great historic building which used to be a school house in the 1700's.Little Jimmie's is a fine establishment.  The food is delicious and the owner is down to earth and a pleasure to talk to always.  Support this local businessman who is also very proactive in the community!I have been to Jimmie's twice now. I stumbled upon it a few weeks back and fell in love with it. Both times I have gotten a biscuit, so I'm not  sure how the rest of the baked goods and food items are, but everything looks delicious.There is something about this place. Mount Airy needed a place like Jimmies. It is beautifully done and the back area is great for you to bring your dogs. The staff is friendly and the inside is so cozy. I can't wait till fall, when I can bring my work laptop and sit outside there all day.Beautiful cupcakes, fluffy breads and a sweet smell in the air that makes you want to buy everything behind the counter. This bakery is phenomenal. I'm incredibly harsh when it comes to judging pastries and this bakery is by far one of the best I've ever had the pleasure of visiting. The place is pristine in regards to cleanliness and the employees are kind, well spoken gents. I walked in, bought a box full of goodies, went home, began to munch ...and regretted that I didn't buy three of everything!!! A must do regardless of what area you live in!!Checked this place out for the first time. While there is both a breakfast and a lunch menu, with a special or two each day, I stuck with the pastries lining the counter. Making everything in house, including the roasting of their own coffee, I found this place to be a place that I will return to.I was introduced to Little Jimmies café at the Mt. Airy food fare I am so glad my friend told me to go to their stand, I am a fan for life. The cheese cream brownies are very good and so are the sweet potato muffins. I just left their café on Germantown ave after ordering a chicken salad sandwich. It was very good and tasty it was very well made, I will order another one in the future.Best brownies in the city! Also, chocolate chip cookies and scones to die for.  This charming place, nestled in a tiny old stone building, is our go-to place for all things sweet. Friendly and welcoming as well. If they only had an espresso maker ...I came to Little Jimmie's for breakfast and left with a delicious cup of ice coffee and a new favorite local coffee shop. Not only was my meal tasty, but Jimmie and his staff were terrific. I was pumped to learn that they import their coffee from single estates and roast on-site, weekly. I managed to walk away not picking up a cupcake, but only barely -- they looked delicious too. 
Looking for your morning/afternoon pick-me-up in NW Philly, Little Jimmie's is a must.I love this joint! 
The warm atmosphere, great baked selections, wonderful service, coffee and perfect tables and chairs for serious work helped me to finish my dissertation and countless other writing tasks. It's also a great meeting spot for a short or long time. The decor is eclectic and interesting. Any time my eyes were crossing, all I had to do was look on the walls to find inspiration. My favorites are the waffle, brownie and lemon pound cake. Croissants and cookies are great too.From the owner of Little Jimmie's Cafe across the street comes a new Bakery- your one stop shop for cakes, pies, and locally roasted coffee by the pound. Rotating pastries include raspberry bars, cheesecake brownies, and carrot cake. The shop will offer 5 types of freshly baked bread; Jewish Rye, Country White, Multi-grain, a baguette, and rolls.  Sugar free and vegan baked goods are available, as well as custom orders, wedding and birthday cakes.  The Bake House will bring in gelato made by a family in South Jersey.My favorite items I get are the cookies and iced coffee.  Can't wait to try the rest!I just had a delicious chicken salad sandwich (with Apple, walnuts and raisins). And the baked goods look very tempting! I love the atmosphere and the guys who run it are super nice.Ok wait. This place is completely awesome. How have I not been here before? It is in the cutest of cute little old stone houses on Germantown Avenue with the friendliest of friendly peeps behind counter and tons of cozy seating. And that tomato, spinach, egg, and cheese sandwich on toasted multigrain bread I just devoured? A whopping $4.69. Such a completely delicious affordable meal. Reason #233 to love Mount Airy.Already been to little Jimmie's twice so far. I've always rode past this place not knowing how much of a Mt. Airy gem it really is. The store is small, quaint and really cute with outdoor seating in the front and back. The employees are....of few words to say the least. The cashier, although nice, just seemed like the zombie apocalypse started and may have been appalled that a zombie was ordering breakfast....but I digress because me and wifey were hungry. 
We both ordered a bacon egg and cheese bfast sandwich (they do turkey bacon). The sandwiches were on point and hot. The baked goods...LIT. 
One thing I must add which is hard to come by with many restaurants is the music and ambience. The music selection is a bit of rnb, hip hop, oldies and alternative heaven. The ambience is true old school Mt. Airy style too. I'd likely recommend.Great little spot to grab coffee and a pastry to get some work done, or stay through lunch and have a sandwich or panini. Coffee is excellent, food is great, and staff is very friendly. Great small business to celebrate. 
Fun fact - it's located in the oldest old school building in Philadelphia.I love Little Jimmies Bakery and I love Little Jimmie! He has made cakes for me and various trays for events. His warm personality and gifted hands as a chef make him one of kind!
The pesto chicken is my favorite sandwich and the cinnamon rolls are the best sweet treat. I'm so happy this little gem is in my neighborhood.I had been eyeballing this place for the longest time, and the other day we finally came in. So cute!  The tiny building is one of the oldest in Philadelphia, and you can enjoy reading about its history via plaques on the walls. Service was delightful and my chicken salad sandwich was delicious. I just wish my coffee hadn't tasted sour, but everything else was great.I wait a good bit at the counter before the lone worker came out and helped me. This seemed so odd and I was weirded out because al 4 of the patrons in this tiny little spot were staring at me as I waited as if I. Wasn't using the proper call to get the guy to come out or something. Idk, maybe I'm paranoid. 
The baked goods looked cool, the family had the cookies and they all thought they were good. At 1.50 a pop for an average size cookie I don't think I'll get them again because although they liked them, they weren't that good . 
I love to support small business so I'll probably stop back in for coffee or to let the family try some more of their baked goods, since I'll be next door everyday for the next 3 weeks I may as well. I'll update if we find something that pushes this rating up. But that customer service has to change.I love this spot.  Everyone is friendly and helpful and the baked goods are to die for.   I can't wait for the next big snow storm so I can sit in this cozy cafe and enjoy the delicious sweets while peering out the window. 
Plenty of off street parking in front of the store and on the side streets.I bought cupcakes (vanilla and lemon) and a croissant here yesterday... The croissant was good, the vanilla cupcake was horrible! I've never tasted a cupcake this bad before... I don't know if it was old or what the problem was, but it was very bad. I'm not going to even try the lemon.I've been to Little Jimmie's many times.  The staff and Jimmy are very friendly.  I've had the lemon pound cake and several different varieties of there pound cakes/coffee cakes.  There chocolate chip cookies are great!  I had a cappuccino and it was well made, with the perfect amount of foam.  I haven't tried there breads yet but that's next on the list.  Definitely worth the trip.Very, very small portions. I paid $7 for a chic salad sandwich. The amount of chic salad that was on the whole sandwich, should have been on just one side of the sandwich. I was still hungry when I was done. The food was very good, tho and I had the iced coffee which was also good. The service was also very friendly and it is a nice atmosphere. I would, possibly, stop there again for the coffee but I'll go somewhere else for lunch.Everything I've had here is good - the amount of food that Jimmie produces from this small kitchen is incredible - much of it very healthy.  The southwest fare is pretty mild - it's a bakery, after all.  The baked goods are delicious.  Terrific atmosphere, music.  I've been five times, always tried something new, and it's always great.  Orchard salad (chicken w/ blueberries and dried strawberries) is my favorite so far.The primary reason this place gets five stars is their EXCELLENT customer service.  The young men (I've only seen men working there), in addition to being super handsome, are just so nice, thoughtful, and competent.  Don't know their names, but the one who was cooking this morning (have seen him working by himself before) is the reason I have returned to this place.  He makes people feel welcomed and comfortable.
Oh, and the coffee's really good.  
The sandwiches (esp. the sausage and egg on a bagel) are good, as are the sweets.  They play good music, but not too loudly.  The feel of the place is cozy and the other customers are always cool.
Take yourself there and know you'll be treated well.Coffee is ok, but they decided to close (1hour early!) shortly after I sat down. I also wouldn't recommend sitting outside-  I had a few chiggers fall on me in the ten minutes I was there.My niece was i town visiting from Michigan who only eats burgers, pizza, and fries from chain restraints. Luckily one of Jimmy's staff members directed her towards an amazing chicken pesto panini. We shared a wonderful new experience and have the patience and understanding of an excellent staff. Everyone in the West Mt. Airy community should definitely support this business.Perfect spot to grab brunch after you deposit a check at PFCU!! It's inside this adorable little historical looking cottage, must have passed by a dozen times before I noticed it, could maybe use a brighter sign. Great selection of baked goodsGreat bakery. Everyone knows you and knows exactly what you want as soon as you walk in the door. Food is always on point and the music is usually classic music from the 50's-70's. Very relaxing. Especially on a cold day with their warm apple ciderNOT to be disloyal to Highpoint - I do and will always love you, but there is nothing like the joy of finding a fabulous cafe when you thought you knew them all!   Living in Mt. Airy, I did not even know about this little gem.  A colleague who lives in that neighborhood suggested it and it was love at first sight.  The building, the coffee, the proprietor, the outside space in front and back.  Didn't try any pastries but they looked yummy.  Can't wait to go back!!I tried calling 3 times this morning to place an order so I can grab and go on my way to work... first try a gentleman said hello and hung up, the 2nd and 3rd try I was sent to voicemail.... thanks in advance for letting me know how great your customer service and your desire to make money is!!!!This afternoon around 1:00 P.M. I attempted my first visit to Little Jimmie's wanting to support Small Business Saturday in my area. I have heard phenomenal things and read their excellent reviews  about the place especially their chocolate chip cookies.   You cannot imagine my disappointment  when I went in to purchase only to discover they did not have them.  To be honest it appeared there wasn't much of a selection outside of the sticky buns, which I will admit looked delicious. In my opinion,  today of all days, I find this to be unacceptable.   I was given an apology( although  I did not get the impression it was very sincere)  and told they would have them later.Stumbled upon Little Jimmie's because a dinner we were meant to go to was too crowded  but we could not have been happier about it ! An adorable little cafe with great breakfast sandwiches, but most of all the customer service was superior! So good, that when they mentioned their bakery was across the street, we felt we owed it to them to check it out and there we met Jimmie himself. ... We bought a few pastries and exchanged stories of how we all ended up in Philadelphia- he seems a great guy!...  Being new to the area, I enjoy when I'm able to recommend a place to someone and I always recommened Little Jimmie'sLove this cafe! It's the perfect place to bring Germantown Ave back to life. The inside is cozy with a large backyard seating area. The staff is always friendly. Most importantly the food is on point. They bake the pastries across the street. They also have breakfast sandwiches, burritos, etc. Great place for a relaxing morning.Love this place!
Yummy sweet treats!
Good music!
Oh! And the garden!
(But, styrofoam cups for drinks? blech)Love this bakery! Great selection and tremendous customer service! Cakes, pies, nice variety of dessert bars and brownies, cookies, gelato during the warmer months, bread loaves (cornbread too), muffins and more. You'll leave with a smile.This is a great addition to Mt. Airy and I am not sure how long I have been missing out on little jimmies. Went here on a beautiful Sunday morning, sat outside and ordered coffee, bacon, egg and cheese on a croissant and split a cinnamon bun with my boyfriend. We both agreed everything was very tasty. The coffee was a tad weak - I like High Point cafe's better. 
Weak coffee or not, looking forward to heading back here for breakfast and lunch.I walked in off the street and was immediately impressed  with the cleanliness of the establishment. I was greeted right away and asked if I needed help by the most friendly worker. He went out of his way to answer my questions and get me the information I needed. The food and the coffee are absolutely amazing. I will support this local establishment -it's worth it!This place is truly amazing, hands down. Great atmosphere, cute, warm and welcoming and great food at both bake house and Cafe locations. A gem in the Northwest that could easily be overlooked. I recommend one of the many flavors of tarts. Great staff too!my wife ordered iced coffee and was served hot coffee poured over ice. I could go on, but that pretty much sums up the experience.Super cute! Nice staff. Delicious baked treats plus tasty breakfast bowls! Coffee was awesome! Only reason why I didn't give it 5 stars is because staff was pretty slow. Not the best place to go if you're in a rush, but I guess you can't rush perfection!Saw this adorable coffee place in mount airy. 
Had a yummy sausage and egg with good latte 
Peaceful and quiet. 
Service polite efficient and professional.
Would definitely return.Can't say enough about the atmosphere here!  (Oh - the food is delicious too, but it's the atmosphere that makes it for me).  Quaint, historic building with relaxing natural light and friendly vibe, lovely staff and owners.  Seriously - the nicest people!A little slice of heaven. The ambiance is reminiscent of a small French café. Everything is fresh and decadent, from the croissants to the lattes. Prices are reasonable. A great place to make part of your daily routine.Cute little cafe. Just opened in December. Really friendly and accommodating staff. Had coffee, sandwiches and a rice krispy treat, all were delicious. Not a lot of seating but there will be a back patio in the spring. They were super nice to my (very active) 3 year old too. I look forward to going back again!A really solid breakfast and coffee place. We had their eggs and burritos and the pastries were delicious.Great place. Nothing pretentious, nice people, good service. Delicious coffee and bagels, community place owned by community people, exactly the kind of place that I want to give my money to.First time here. I got an iced caramel latte with almond milk ... is was VERY SWEET. I could drink it so I ordered a plan iced latte with soy milk and it was DELICIOUS. They didn't charge me for the second latte which was VERY GENEROUS. 
My spouse got an iced mocha latte with soy and it was very good, sweet with lots of fun f chocolate but you could still taste the coffee and it has nice flavor. He also got a chocolate croissant which he devoured.
We sat out from on the street but there is a lot of room inside and a very large backyard which would be great for kids or groups.I had a hankerer for some sweet baked goods and I knew just where to go. Hopped into my car and drove to Little Jimmie's cafe. But sadly it was a little late in the day and the selection was slim, the girl behind the counter asked me what I would like and I hesitated hopping something fresh and hot would appear outta thin air. She caught on and said you should try our new bakery, I'm sure they'll have a nicer selection there and it's just across the street. I thanked her and crossed the avenue.
Little Jimmie's Bake House is a full service bakery with everything from cookies to pastries and cakes & pies, to savory rolls and artisan breads.
Jimmie was there and he said the Bake House in in the southern tradition and he will be able to produce many new types of baked goods and he will soon start roasting his own coffee.
I left with some sticky buns with walnuts and a couple of strawberry bars. My sweet tooth was satisfied and I have something to look forward to in Little Jimmie's Bake House.If you drive too fast and don't look right while driving up Germantown Avenue, You will miss this Little Jimmie's, a coffee shop and bakery, Like I have you been apparently doing for 2 years now. Early one morning I happened to look to the right while being stopped at a light and I saw a big guy putting tables and chairs outside a little colonial structure. I made a mental note and stopped by there today to try a little Jimmie's out.
 Little Jimmie's is a little cafe doing business in a 1700's structure on the Avenue. Upon entering the cafe, the door is one of those doors that is split in half reminding me of the barn that Mr Ed use to live in on the TV show. Inside the little cafe had a huge Cathedral style ceiling and it was so quaint that you have to experience it for yourself. I ordered a cup of coffee and a cream cheese brownie from the young man behind the counter. The coffee was very strong like I like it, and the brownie was delicious and moist. 
 I spoke to the owner Jimmie and he told me that the building was a one room schoolhouse in the colonial days. They offer a large variety of baked goods and they even sell breakfast and lunch items. There are seats inside the cafe and outside the front of the building and in the back on a deck. Little Jimmie's has created a quiet environment and a perfect spot to chill out and enjoy a good cup of coffee andi some stellar baked goods. The baked good include muffins, cookies,  cakes & pies and even wedding and sheet cakes and much more.  The even offer Mexican items for lunch.  I can hardly to go deep into Little Jimmie's menu!