I ate here last Friday for restaurant week lunch with my coworkers. One of my coworkers is a really picky eater, so we picked this place reasoning that if she didn't like something off the restaurant week menu, she could always order something plain off the regular menu. We were a little disappointed when we sat down and they told us we all had to either order off the restaurant week menu or the regular menu. We ended up deciding on restaurant week. Some of my favorite selections were the mushroom risotto balls, the meatballs, and the pistachio cannoli. The decor is really cute and homey- fitting for an intimate Italian restaurant. Overall, the experience was pretty average.We had a terrific meal here. Service is fast and friendly. Food is delicious. The Sunday Supper is a huge potion with a great variety in meats (meatball was the best). We also really liked the lemonade drink on their alcohol menu. Cute and small location can be tough to find at first.Amazing!!! Went with a couple friends and it was ex's you what we were looking for. Reasonable and delicious. We got the sangria and I had the gnocchi. Super flavorful. Only thing I wish was different was the portion size. I was still craving more unfortunately. It was almost a tease. I'll go back the next time I'm in philly. Also ask to sit in the greenhouse! It's in the back and super cozy and romantic. If you want to impress someone on a budget this is the place to go!The best spaghetti and meatballs I've had in the city. It's a cute little place inside with outdoor patio seating during warm seasons. Italian menu with descent wine selection- not so much beer. Worth a try if you're looking for a change of scenery.Simply delicious. Excellent food, ideal portions, pricey but worth it. Wish I could get the recipe for the Shaved salad...We had a great meal here.  The spaghetti  and meet balls were fantastic.  My wife really loved the lazagna, it is months later and she still talks about it.The service was very good.  Unfortunately, I didn't enjoy one dish.  The broccoli rabe was far too bitter for my liking.  I know broccoli rabe is bitter by nature, but it was pungent.  The bruschetta was so oily. The spaghetti and meatballs were cooked wonderfully, but had an extremely surprising, and unwelcoming smokey flavor.  This restaurant could be pretty great, with the romantic ambiance....However, the food and drinks seem to be trying way too hard to be different.  Everything was VERY fragrant and SALTY.  I don't get the amazing reviews?  I suppose the food and drink could just not be my taste?I really don't like to double up on restaurants unless they are the best of the best. In a city like Philadelphia there are so many amazing places that when you average a dinner out once a week you're sure to miss a ton if you start going to the same spots over and over again. That being said when my mother popped in a bit unexpectedly I decided I'd like to take her to LN's even though I'd been therea few months earlier.  
My first time here was fine, the service was great, my drinks were plentiful and the mussels we awesome. My meal was ok but all in all it made for a fine night. This second time around things were a bit different. 
Our party of five arrived at 8:00 and we were promptly sat. After pouring our water and giving us our menus we waited about ten minutes or so before our drink orders were taken. With my family this is a cardinal sin. You can wait on the food but don't keep our drinks from us! We got a bottle of wine and a few of us got cocktails. Then we waited again before we ordered appetizers. We asked that the garlic bread come out when it was was ready however this ended up being at the same time as our entrees. I went with the spaghetti and meatballs just as I had the first time I'd been there. It was fine, I wish we would have had some more cheese to sprinkle on top to enhance the flavor. The best dish was probably the clams and linguine my little brother got. If I make it back here this will most likely be my play along with the mussels. 
The food was fine, everyone loved the decor and atmosphere but boo summed up our waiter perfectly when she said he was half-assed. Out of any of the Turney / Saffron spots I've been this is the first time I've ever had half assed service.Fabulous food and beautiful restaurant! It's small and intimate but you always get privacy from people sitting around you!Love Little Nonna's for its comforting food and wonderful atmosphere. The meatballs and pasta is amazing.Restaurant week lunch special $20 3-course meal.
Not a very big place so reservation is recommended.
Friendly staff. 
First course for 2: Shave salad (good portion for an appetizer) and Stracciatella (just loved it. Olives and Bread was so good)
Second course: grilled herb chicken and bucatini mushroom. Very rich in flavor and delicious. The sauce on chicken was awesome.
Third course: Tiramisu (comes in a cup..cool concept) and Apple crostata (like apple pudding with vanilla ice-cream on top).
Everything was delicious. I definitely recommend Stracciatella, chicken and apple crostata. Their Rigatoni looked nice too would have loved to try it if only it came without sausage.Beautiful quaint Italian restaurant. 
The service was excellent and the food was superb!
The seating area in the outdoor garden area was something you would experience in Italy.Stopped in here with co-workers for a happy hour and we were able to get a seat on the patio, and that was the best part about my experience. The waitstaff were attentive without being annoying, as well.
The food was fine.My favorite is the "black noodle", which they serve only at night time. This is my sister's favorite Italian food restaurant. I like the garden a lot.We went here for dinner, the place looks very cool inside.  In general, their appetizers were amazing and the entree's were good. The meatballs and risotto balls were my favorite. For entrees, I had the pork chop and the orecchiette.  The pork was good and very different from any other pork chop I have ever had. The orecchiette was tasty, but I thought there were too many black olives tossed in there for the rest of the flavors. Both bottles of wine we had were also very good. Dessert was nothing special. I would stay away from the hazel nut cannoli- the hazel nut flavor overpowered everything else and the ricotta consistency was too smooth.Delicious!! I was so excited to find this place on yelp. I ran my thought by the hotel staff before I completed my reservation, and they also highly recommended it. It is very small...so reservations are highly recommended. If you don't have a reservation, you may be waiting outside on the sidewalk for a while. 
We had the fried green tomatoes to start with grilled bread, and the house spaghetti and meatballs for the entrée. The meatballs were huge...two came with each dish. They had a mixture of meats, and were filled with fontina cheese. I thought the sauce was great...you could taste a light basil and oregano. My description is really not doing this dish justice. The noodles tasted handmade to me...and the dish was just the right size. We all three finished our plates. 
Lots of wine choices, however this is not the place for fancy mixed liquor drinks. They don't carry too many bar type drinks. Stick to the wine...have three glasses, like I did! 
This is a great taste of Philly. I was so happy I found this restaurant. Sadly, we saved no room for dessert. Maybe next time.Loved everything about Little Nonna's!!!  Everything from the location to the wonderful staff this place is a top notch.  I loved that there was a parking lot right across the street which is great.  But the best part was without a doubt sitting out in "Nonna's" backyard under the lights enjoying a fantastic meal.  We took advantage of the tasting menu and loved it!!  $20.00 for 3 courses and each one better than the next.My boyfriend and I came here on a Saturday night because I'm a fan of other restaurants associated with Little Nonna's and we were in the mood for Italian. The food was good, but I think I'd look for another Italian restaurant that offers better service before returning here. 
We called for reservations earlier in the day and all they had was 9:45 on a Saturday. That's totally fine for us, but I would never try going here on the weekend without reservations - the place was jammed with a 40 minute wait at 10pm. Luckily, we had our table reserved and got seated quickly. Their specialty cocktails all run $10 and I prefer just a simple vodka soda, so that's what I ordered. $12 and maybe a half shot of vodka. Don't make my mistake if you plan on drinking here. Next, we ordered and I wasn't starving so I ordered their meatball appetizer and my boyfriend ordered their Sunday Gravy - combination of 3-4 meats and their pasta of the day. He LOVED his and I would say that was the best part of our meal. My meatballs were very hot and hearty, and the polenta that accompanied them was a great combo. I'm glad we liked everything because our server hadn't been to our table since taking our order (he wasn't the one to bring out the food) so he would have never known if there were any issues.
Then, it was on to boxes and the check. We were meeting friends after so I was watching my clock to stay on time and it took us 40 minutes from the time we stopped eating to the time our server actually ran my card. Our server seemed totally oblivious to the fact we were just sitting there, empty drinks and food sitting in front of us, within the 5-6 times he walked right past us and never stopped. Don't get me wrong they were full, but their dining room has about 12 tables so I can't imagine not being able to take a card and return with a receipt for 40 minutes. 
Maybe it's best to try this place during hours that aren't typically their busy periods. The atmosphere and food have potential but their lack of attention to the handful of tables they have really takes away from this place.Soooooo good, best meatballs I have ever had, pasta was amazing and the tiramisu was off the hook!  My new fave!I'm from an Italian family and I would have to say this is one of the best Italian meals I have had outside of the meals my family cook. I would highly recommend this place to anyone that wants good Italian food.Salt.  Overwhelming salt. I
Ordered the Sunday gravy.  It was inedible.  When asked by the server about our meal,
I mentioned it was really salty.  The manager(?) came by to apologize and told us that they "salt heavy" and there are items she can't eat either.  So....they sent us more sauce (gravy).  I thought It was pretty clear that the sauce is what was salty.  They gave us free dessert-$7
(Which we didn't want) and still
charged us for the Sunday gravy-$24.  With so many great Italian options in Philly, pass on this spot.This was a great experience! Adorable old world chic feel with great food and service! The meatballs and garlic bread were a great app for the family. I would definitely recommend arriving for an early dinner we were able to have our choice of seating but it got very busy by the time we had finished.This place has really delicious hearty Italian meals. When it comes to meatballs and gravy its like grandmas cooking. My dad keeps asking when we'll be back.Our meal, in one word: Magical.
Started with the Stracciatella.  MUST GET.  Perfectly grilled moist bread served with a side of liquidy/melty/herby/amazing-y cheese.  Yes sir. 
Also got the Antipasto Board, which was DAMN good.  Looks like it changes on the daily but you will never be disappointed.  The Roasted Fig Bruschetta was also very good, but i felt that the bread was a little too oily for my taste.  Amazing never the less.
Did not get any entrees unfortunately, but all the plates that came out looked phenomenal.  Apparently the meatballs are to die for, and they are the size of a basketballs so i would, at the minimum, get a side of those.
The desert.  Jesus Christ. Had the warm apple pie desert which was the PERFECT fall desert.  Caramelized apples nestled in flaky salty crust topped with homemade creamy vanilla ice cream drizzled with a light flavorful caramel.  Your stomach tells you to stop eating but your brain is in another dimension and you just keep on eating.
But the star of the show was the Tiramisu.  Descending from the desert gods themselves, this plate of goodness is beyond anything that you'll ever experience in your life, ever.  So moist, so much flavor.  Calling it perfect is an understatement.  I'm literally salivating while I type this.  Just get it and thank me later.
Definitely going back.  Also Valeria Safran herself was there, bussing tables, which was AWESOME. You don't see a lot of successful restaurateurs throwing on some elbow grease and cleaning tables too often, but its awesome when you do.First time at Little Nonna's this afternoon for lunch. From start finish it was amazing! From the second we walked the staff was incredibly friendly and attentive. The atmosphere is cute and old Italian, really reminded me of my grandmother's house. 
We started with a crafe of their sangria. For an appetizer we had the Wild Mushroom Arancini and for entrees we had the spaghetti and meatballs, meatballs with polenta, and the pan seared potato gnocchi. Everything was AMAZING. So delicious, full of flavor there was not a piece left. Definitely find your dessert stomachs too, we tried the tiramisu and apple crostata which was also amazing. 
The prices are reasonable for lunch and they also have a 3 course tasting menu for $20 which would be a great option too. 
Will absolutely be returning and recommending to everyone I know! Very conveniently located near Jefferson hospital area and the PATCO line.Went here again recently. Same as the first time - food was exceptional as we've come to expect from "the girls". The reason for 4 stars is our server disappeared after leaving the check. Turns out we see her gabbing away with the host at entrance. After a while I got up to get her attention, and she had the nerve to signal me from across she'll be over in a minute. We all thought she was rude and unprofessional to respond that way.I would like to list the highlights of our meal then deal with some of the things that resulted in the three star rating. 
The service was excellent. Friendly and attentive throughout the evening. The water glasses were always full, the food arrived quickly the table was cleared and cleaned after each course. The antipasti were clearly the hit of the night and had we stopped with them this would be a five star rating. The wild mushroom Arancini were delicious. Crisp and tasty with the truffle aioli. The lamb ribs in a honey balsamic glaze with fruit could not have been better, meaty and moist. Now for some of the misses.  My Negroni served in a small Mason jar with a giant ice cube was watery and tasteless. The shaved salad was a great idea with fennel celery root and Brussels sprouts had a heavy hand with the Lemon juice. The following items suffered from too much salt: the Stracciatella, the Sunday gravy and the Lemon Chicken entrees. Also , please do not charge for bread in this type of setting, it distracts from the Nonna atmosphere. For dessert the Apple crostata was outstanding and the Cannoli were crunchy and filled with the Pumpkin filling an excellent seasonal treat. There are so many choices for this type of food in the city who do it better. Sorry but I don't think we will return.My wife and I have been here twice now and are both big fans.  Our first time was for restaurant week.  We loved it so much, that I asked to go back for my birthday.  In general, I am not a huge Italian food fan but I love to find places that can overcome my general boredom with the typical greater Philadelphia Italian food scene.  Little Nonna's definitely makes the cut.  Two of our favorites are the BVP meatballs and Wild Mushroom Arancini.  If you're there on a Sunday, don't miss the chance to try the Sunday Gravy.  Adorable atmosphere, fabulous food, and great service ... what more can you ask for?The decor in this place makes you feel like you are at your non existent Italian grandmother's. Even if it is a little bit cramped. We were able to get a last minute eight o'clock reservation. They were very accommodating. I was the only one out of four to not get the house-made pasta but I did not totally regret it. I got the pork chop which was delicious. I also got the cheesecake to celebrate my birthday and it was divine.We were so excited to try this restaurant. We also visited their sister restaurant Lolita and thoroughly enjoyed that experience. Little Nonna was just not up to our expectation based on the Bon Appetit article and the reviews. The service was way too rushed which made me feel uncomfortable. We ordered a spaghetti and meatballs for our son and they were out in two minutes, quicker than our drinks...and they just weren't good. They were dry and the speed at which they came out made me super uneasy. We expected the Caesar to be better than it was...just a basic Caesar. Gnocchi was good, but the meal just felt off by that dish so it was hard to enjoy. Garlic bread and Italian soda were the highlights. I'm not sure if we were rushed because we had our son, but we went early and there were plenty of open tables so I'm not sure that was why. It was just an unsettling experience. Too bad, we loved Lolita.Wow is all I have to say.  The food quality is incredible.  We had the meatballs in polenta.  I never thought this would go together but holy cow was it a match made in heaven.  The polenta and sauce combined to make a light, fluffy and delicious combination.
We sat in the back/outside and we felt like we were in a secret part of the city.  It was really beautiful.I visited a few months ago while seeing Philly with my mom and I must say this was a good highlight. The pan seared gnocchi melted in my mouth, and the meatballs were amazing. The garlic bread is forever stuck in my mind. A small place but lovely waitstaff.Was unreal...wife and I went for our anniversary everything from start to finish was excellent...we will def be going back...In a city of Italian Restaurants you have to stand out. Yea, the Sunday Gravy was good, but not memorable. The menu is small and eclectic. In the city of brotherly love we want to be able to understand the menu and have a selection. Don't try and be too fancy... I needed a Coke!  What no Diet Coke? Who charges for bread??? Add $0.50 to the entree.... gimme some bread. Look there was nothing wrong and I'm glad I tried it.The whole family raved about the food. Fontina stuffed meatballs, Japanese eggplant parm, antipasti all were hits. Service was swift and helpful. Portions were generous - a pound of pasta with the meatballs, for example. Dessert included chocolate hazelnut cannollis and apple crustado. We will be back!Little Nonna's was the last restaurant we needed to visit to complete Philadelphias version of restaurant row (please let me know if there is another part of town with the same amount of restaurants). We came for a late dinner (the servers probably hated us) and it was delicious. Let me see we tried the charcuterie plate; cheese was amazing, the cured meats were pretty standard, We got this mushroom dish that was absolutely awesome! and we got something the mozzeralla cheese salad; way too much mozzerella for two people. I swear how do italians eat so much cheese? I felt like my arteries were clogging up as I chewed the mozzeralla. For the entree I went with Gnocchi (because I am on a mission to find the best Gnocchi) sadly i didn't think it was the best. For dessert went with the standard Tiramisu which was stellar to say the least.Absolutely gorgeous garden seating under the stars, and scrumptious Italian food. Had the cavatelli, spaghetti marinara, gnocchi, shrimp linguini as main dishes for our party. Dessert included cheesecake in a cute mason jar, tiramisu (with a kick of rum), and cookies with chocolate. Definitely not your run of the mill Italian fare!Delicious Italian food. Highly recommend. Had the wild mushroom arancini, meatballs, seafood grill, gnocchi, and tiramisu. All top notch. No complaints.Service in this restaurant even though very small was very good. Small tables hard to keep everything on it.  The pasta was home style and good but the downfall was it had a strong burnt taste to it as well as the meatballs which were burned.  The home made pasta was some of the best I ever had. Better than other home made pastas around the city and else where.
very well priced for a great amount of food. would have given 4 stars if the sauce wasn't burnt. Will try again in the future.Great pasta! 
The atmosphere is phenomenal and the service is great. BF got the spaghetti and meatballs - the spaghetti was average but the meatballs were stuffed with cheese and delicious!! I ordered the gnocchi which was flavorful but a bit small in portion for the price. I love their garlic bread and service! I recommend this place for anyone who wants to have a nice Italian dinner in city center/south philly area.The atmosphere in the courtyard is warm and beautiful. Unfortunately it was ruined by a woman at the next table who was constantly texting, throughout the entire meal, with her phone lit up. It is truly inappropriate to introduce the bright blue light and manic energy into other's space in this intimate setting. It would go a long way to institute a no cellphone policy.
We were excited all day to try the special spaghetti and meatballs dish, singled out on the menu. It proved disappointing--overcooked spaghetti was too soft, appeared store-bought when it really should be homemade at that price, and the bland sauce didn't taste good. Mediocre and overpriced.I had pan seared gnocchi here for the first time and didn't like it. Their meatballs, however, are fantastic!Came here for a late dinner one Saturday when my sister was visiting from NYC. My friend had said this was the best Italian in Philly so we said let's go. The restaurant is small but is very cute. It looks like the dining room of a house and there is a large outdoor covered patio area complete with twinkle lights, decoration and plants. The best thing about the patio was that it felt outdoors whiteout being at the mercy of the elements/weather. 
Speaking of the weather, it was a bit chilly the night we went. There were lots of people with reservations waiting in the nonexistent landing area at the front. The blonde hostess (don't know her name) asked us to wait outside which was reasonable since we were getting in the way of the servers. However her attitude put a sour taste in our mouths for the entire meal. I reasonably asked how long we should expect to have to wait (it was already past our reservation time) which I think was reasonable given that it was cold and we were to have to be outside. A 15 minute wait? Maybe I'll huddle in the nearby store, 5 minute wait? Maybe I can suck it up. Her response was extremely rude. She stared at me for a few seconds like I was being unreasonable and then was very condescending in her answer. 
It's a shame that the beginning of our dinner was tainted by this interaction because the food and ambience would have otherwise made this a four or five star review.Definitely one of the best Italian dinners I've had in the city so far. I came here for a restaurant week lunch and was absolutely flabbergasted by the quality of all the dishes on the menu (we basically tried everything because the options were limited *no complaints there* and my friend and I love splitting).
From the pulled mozzarella to the arancini to the orecchiette, and finally the chocolate pistachio cannoli... everything was droolworthy and impeccably prepared. The ambiance in the restaurant is unbelievably cute as well.
Would go back in a heartbeat.We went to Little Nonna's at the suggestion of the concierge. The food was divine and the drinks were exceptional. The snot sphere is cozy and the wait staff was very attentive. It is a great place for a date with someone you want to build memories with. We truly enjoyed every bite!Exactly what you'd imagine for an Italian restaurant atmosphere. Great little place with indoor and outdoor seating. Service was wonderful and the food was even better. We got the Caesar salad, big enough to share. But it was the polenta croutons that were outstanding. Then we each ordered the spaghetti and meatballs. Best meatballs I've ever had - the cheese continues to melt as you cut into it. But I highly suggest splitting this meal... so much food!My new favorite Italian place in philly. The food was UNBELIEVABLE!!! I also love the ambiance :) I had the gnocchi and my husband had the Sunday Gravy. We both cleaned our plates! I cannot wait to go back! Everyone's food around us looked amazing too, not sure what to get next timeI'm a huge fan of Little Nonna's. It was a bit of a wait because I didn't get a reservation, but there are a lot of other things to do in the area while waiting. 
We ordered the Spaghetti and Meatballs to share with a side of Garlic bread. I eat a lot but it was enough for both of us.REVIEW OF EASTER SUNDAY DINNER:
We finally made it to Little Nonna's, for Sunday dinner (they opened early at 3PM for Easter), and we had an excellent meal.
We started with a couple of the house-bottled cocktails, which were both very tasty and refreshing:
SICILIAN RUM PUNCH: Rum, Amaretto, fresh-squeezed pineapple, lime, blood orange ($10)--ordered 2 of these, it was so good.
ITALIAN LEMONADE: Citrus vodka, house-squeezed lemonade, thyme syrup ($10).
For two people, we shared the following (see photos), which was so much food that we couldn't really finish the single water ice we eventually ordered for dessert:
GARLIC BREAD: Scarone's seeded loaf, roasted garlic butter, sea salt ($5)--It's not the best garlic bread I've ever had, and I would prefer it to be crisper. But I liked the roasted garlic for spreading.
B+V+P MEATBALLS: Fontina-stuffed beef/veal/pork meatballs, soft polenta, San Marzano gravy ($11)--I'm guessing this might be Little Nonna's signature dish, and it was indeed very good. However, I thought it was rather heavily spiced for my taste, and because of that, I could see it being something you would feel strongly about one way or the other. Interestingly, when the meatballs were cut open, there seemed to be a lot less cheese in the center than in the photo accompanying Craig LaBan's review, so perhaps they cut it back due to his comments.
STEAMED MUSSELS: Fiorella's hot fennel sausage, charred corn, roasted long hots, garlic, white wine, basil ($12)--Excellent, right up until the moment I bit off half of the long hot and started hiccuping uncontrollably. Showoffs deserve what they get!
RICOTTA CAVATELLI: Housemade duck sausage, olives, garlic, broccoli rabe, smoked ricotta salata ($14)--Also excellent, this was my second favorite dish. I loved the texture of the perfectly cooked pasta.
ITALIAN SEAFOOD GRILL: Calamari, Gulf shrimp, roasted peppers, swordfish-zucchini speidini, white beans, salsa verde, lemon ($24)--My favorite dish, this had it all: tender shrimp, acidic artichoke, perfectly cooked calamari, excellent grilled bread for sopping up the juices...I will order this every single time I visit.
LEG OF LAMB: We didn't actually have this special, although it was sitting eye-level on the counter staring at us all afternoon, and it looked very tempting. But I'll post a photo of it anyway.
WATER ICE: Blood orange, basil ($6)--Well-made, and easily large enough for two. I'm sure many will like it, but it seemed just a bit unbalanced for my taste, with an awful lot of basil, covering up the citrus, and it was pretty sweet too.
WINE LIST: Fairly short, but with a good range of styles, and affordable. Didn't recognize many of the names, but I did enjoy a glass of Montepulciano ($10). Good stems.
Attractive, somewhat homey space, and I especially liked the missmatched "Italian grandmother" dinnerware. The noise level was moderately energetic, but not excessive, despite the full house. And I didn't find the space at all cramped, unlike some other commentators. But of course we sat at the kitchen counter (which is not reservable, and available on a first-come, first-served basis). However, you can look at the photo below, and judge for yourself. I gather they also have an ~40 seat patio, but I'm not sure if that was open yet.
$126 (not counting tip), which I think was reasonable for the quality and quantity of food we enjoyed (considering we left stuffed to the gills!). Service was excellent, although there was not a great deal of interaction with the 4 chefs in the kitchen. All the plates stacked in front of us tended to inhibit any possibility of conversation. I think making that counter a bit more open would be desirable (3 of the 5 high-top seats were unoccupied the entire time we were there).
Easy parking at an open-air lot a block away on the corner of Locust & 13th.
This is actually only the second time I've been to a Val-Mar restaurant (the other being, Lolita before it closed for remodeling). I have to say I was very impressed. Whether this really is a genuine ode to red sauce South Philly, I can't say for sure. I don't really go to those types of places, since none of them ever seem to be sufficiently praised by anyone who isn't already biased by having grown up with them.
But I did find Little Nonna's plenty good enough to stand on it's own, irrespective of whatever historical influences it may or may not have been inspired by.This spot is the coziest and most hipster Italian restaurant ever, with really tasty food. The place is tiny with seating for about 35 in the restaurant, and a small makeshift rear patio with seating for about 20.  On the inside, the red booths along the wall, the mismatch but comfortable chairs and random array of wall mirrors give this place a unique and refreshing charm. And the meatballs appetizer is worth the trip on its own. Incredibly flavored and giant, these bad boys are served over a heavenly cheesy polenta. Trust me, it works. This place is a gem in an already crazy good food district. It's a good overwhelming.We visited Little Nonna's for Philly restaurant week. Gnoochi was really disappointing. Each course was very hit or miss, with hit still not being amazing. Both my date and I had tummy trouble later after the meal.Food and service are generally quite good here, however, restaurant management requires some real improvements to better serve their clients. Three issues from our recent visit: (1) Ravioli as a main course only included 4 small pieces, and no side dishes. When we complained, there was no response from the kitchen or the management. (2) No bread is served, so we ordered garlic bread for the table (5 of us). They only brought out 4 pieces. Price was not an issue here; we would have paid more for the extra pieces. (3) Apparently the staff felt we were taking too much time, and there were continual subtle (and not so subtle) hints to move it along, and then to leave after we were served dessert. For any restaurant aspiring to be top level, this is a serious mistake.Fantastic gnocchi. Very light and melt in your mouth. Sauce wasn't red. It was more like a broth. I also had the stracciatella which is a cheese like a mozzarella. This cane with olives a grilled toast. It was smaller than I thought it would be but tasted pretty good. I would highly recommend this restaurant. I sat at the chefs table, which is a bar overlooking where the chefs cook.The gravy is real and not every Italian restaurant can say that, because sauce isn't gravy and gravy isn't sauce.  I'm so glad I found this cozy little gem in center city.
I recommend you...
Definitely take a date, or go with friends!
Definitely have some wine!
Definitely order the Sunday Gravy or Spaghetti & Meatballs!
...and then...Definitely have some more wine!
I will be back, soon!I've been to Little Nonna's multiple times and I swear it gets better each time. I've sat inside the restaurant and in the outdoor patio area. I believe the outdoor patio provides a less noisy environment but space is limited. Do not expect to get in without a reservation unless you want to wait at least 45 minutes to eat at the bar or hours to eat at a table. The spaghetti and meatballs and Sunday gravy are my go-tos. The garlic bread is a must and the arancini is excellent as well. One time I went they had octopus that was also delicious. I recommend the Sangria cocktail by the carafe as well. I would 100% recommend Little Nonna's to anyone who want genuine, excellent Italian food.Came here for dinner with couple of my friends. I have to say that service, ambience and food is absolutely delicious. I love cute hipster outdoor places and their outdoor patio is exactly what I wanted. 
Food: I got their gnocchi, and my friend got meatballs. Their food portions are small than average. I'm a very picky eater and meat wise, I only eat chicken so the menu was very limited for me and plus they have a very small menu. I would still come back here again...maybe for lunch, when I'm not so hungry and don't have to get a huge plate full of food.After reading about the meatballs being the " best in philly" I had to break away from a convention at the pcc and run. It was worth it! 
Also, the atmosphere and friendly staff make the whole experience wonderful. I'll be going again soon with friendsSeating area is beautiful especially the garden which has a handy fan for the overly warm summers. The food however is not great. In all the dishes we ordered the taste of garlic was significantly stronger than anything else in the dish making them all taste almost the same. The broccoli in the bucatini was insanely bitter and ruined the pasta.We came here on a Friday and really liked it. I loved the ambiance and home feel of the restaurant. The gnocchi was phenomenal as well as the garlic bread with fresh garlic on the side. We also got nonnis spaghetti and meatballs which was really good however we were not huge fans of the meat balls. Overall we had a really good experience!Had another great dinner tonight at Little Nonna's. We decided to try the patio for the first time and loved it! We had a waitress whom we have had before and as always, she was attentive but not overbearing. We weren't ready to order entrees off the bat because we weren't sure how full we would be until after we had finished the first course. She was totally fine with that and didn't rush us to make a decision. As per usual, the meatballs and polenta were the star of the evening. The beet salad was a close second favorite but everything we had was great. I with the garlic bread came with a bit more garlic, that last few times we've gotten it we have felt like its a lot of bread and not a lot of garlic (can you ever get enough roasted garlic in your life though?). We were given a complimentary glass of prosecco for our anniversary which was unnecessary but so appreciated! Little Nonna's remains a favorite of ours, we'll be back soon!This little place brought me back to my Italian-American roots! The flavors were authentic and thoughtfully created. Little Nonna's serves classic, traditional Italian cuisine - the way it's supposed to be made. The ambience on the back patio is so intimate and romantic, especially at night with all the lights aglow. Highly recommended for a date night or a weekend outing with friends and family! It's conveniently located right near the Academy of Music, so if you're looking for a post-performance bite to eat, Little Nonna's would be a fantastic option! (However, to be safe, placing a reservation beforehand would likely be a good call, as I have the impression that I'm not the only one who knows that this place is a gem!)I came here last night with my boyfriend. We sat at the chefs counter which was great! We got to see all the orders being made and all the delicious food. My boyfriend ordered the meatballs and spaghetti - he said it was good. I ordered the branzino- I didnt like it. It was very fishy, almost inedible. I didn't think it was cooked all the way and over seasoned. I ate maybe half of it. The waitress was friend and the ambiance was nice. However the food was ehh and it is expensive for what it is.Little Nonna's is cute as a button in decor and the food is absolutely delish. Having sampled the garlic toast, which by the way, is served with the whole roasted head of garlic on the side (in case you don't really care to kiss your date that night) was great. We also tried the wonderful arancini, the spaghetti & meatballs, and the Italian Mixed Grill (all sorts of goodies from land & sea), but my absolute favorite (and it may sound silly because it's just a salad) was the heirloom tomato caprese! Plump, sweet heirloom tomatoes dance on a plate of fresh pesto, garlic/ balsamic reduction, an amazing dome of fresh mozzarella and topped with crispy prosciutto... Yes, I said crispy.  Just go... Make a reservation already. You're welcome.Wonderful Italian meal! We shared the Sunday gravy, spaghetti and meatballs and Italian grill. The entrees were superb. Tiramisu was fantastic service was great. Would highly recommend!Decided to try Little Nonna's on a whim and was very pleased! We managed to snag 2 counter seats without a reservation. The restaurant was packed around 8 pm on a Thursday evening. The space is tiny and intimate. I love the twinkle lights strung across the restaurant. Delicious smells are pouring out of the open kitchen which is separated by rustic copper pots hanging from the ceiling. It's got an old school feel with a modern twist.
We split the mushroom arancini, side of garlic bread, eggplant parmesan and linguine alle vongole. Everything was delicious, and my friend would go as far as saying "this is the best eggplant parmesan in Philly!". The linguine was tossed in a wonderful garlic sauce and the mushroom arancini and eggplant parmesan were so savory! To finish, we ordered the tiramisu, but it looks like you can't go wrong with anything on the dessert menu. The only reason I give it 4 stars instead of 5 is that many of the menu items contain pork, so the dietary restriction can be limiting for some. This is a great spot for a date or small group of friends (4-5).This place is awesome! This was the second time that I was there and I loved every part of it.
We had the pleasure of sitting in the "Garden" in the back and it was perfect. The restaurant week menu was perfect. We started with the meatballs and they were amazing!! The BVP combo was on point! From there I had the Heirloom Tomato pasta and it was the freshest ever! So good. We finished it off with a pistachio cannoli that was delicious.
I would definitely recommend Little Nonna's to anyone that is interested in a fantastic Italian meal.Not the place to be per my check in comment.  Food was ok.  Good atmosphere.  Ok wine selection.  Maybe they were off tonight.   I've had several people recommend this place.This is probably the best Italian place I have ever been too-- we found this gem by accident, and never looked back! Every thing.. and I mean everything had SO MUCH FLAVOR.  To start, we had the garlic bread and one other thing I can't remember the name of.. it it was delicious!! We had the spaghetti with meatballs, the shrimp pasta and the penne with vodka sauce for entrees. Oh, and did I mention we got all this to go?!  ... it was amazing as take out.. I'm sure it's mind blowing fresh out the kitchen.Holy crap! This place was incredible!!! The menu has some interesting options...not like the standard, boring Italian menu. The meatball is a must-try, the gnocchi was fantastic, and the macaroni of the day will haunt me until the next time I am back in Philly! In addition to its fantastic food, Little Nonna's is intimate, mid-block (like all of my favorite restaurants) and has fantastic service. Highly recommended and a must if you are searching for a standout in Philly.As a lover of all things created by the ladies that own 13th st, I am very surprised to be  giving this only 3 stars.  I went for dinner on a friday night with Justin G, Colleen D, and Casey M with much anticipation.  We decided to order a bunch of plates for the table to share and overall we were underwhelmed.  It's possible that I am overly biased since I grew up with great italian cooking...but all four of us agreed there was nothing amazing about the food.   I'd like to give it a try again in the future in the hopes that it was an off night but with so many great places to eat in Philly, it's not too likely.  I still can't rave enough about Barbuzzo or Jamonera but Nonna's just didn't do it for me.I had dinner here in early December. Came in by myself and sat at the Chef's bar, had the roasted beet salad (special for the night) and the bucatini The beet salad was lovely, fresh ingredients, clear flavors. The pasta was perfectly al dente, carbonara with guanciale was creamy and delicious. This meal, the inviting staff, and comfortable, warm atmosphere made me very happy on my last night in Philadelphia!Wow!! Little Nona's was divine from the period kitsch decor, to the candlelit tables, to the welcoming staff. And the food? Absolutely prepared with love. The shortrib was fork tender, the meatballs gorgeous, the winter salad full of texture and flavor, and the list goes on and on. Nona, we'll be back to visit again real soon.Came here before a concert and it was DELICIOUS. It's definitely a little pricey, but the Pan Seared Gnocchi was worth it. It's definitely one of the better Italian dishes I've had in the city. And if you're willing to spend 12 dollars on a glass of Prosecco, theirs is pretty frickin tasty. 
PRO TIP: If you have more than 4 people in your party, call ahead. There isn't a ton of seating.Great casual Italian date night spot. My girl and I got the spaghetti and meatballs and Sunday gravy for dinner and the garlic bread for an appetiser. The bread is grilled crispy and it comes with fresh roasted garlic to spread over. The spaghetti and meatballs are a huge serving and the meatballs are some of the best we've ever had. The Sunday gravy is a meatball, sausage, beef dish served in simmering marinara with pasta on the side. The meats are super tender and delicious. Try to get a seat outside as the little garden is really original and different for a dining location.An Italian restaurant getting five stars from me?  That's a rarity.  I'm kinda bored with Italian food ... but Little Nonna's is awesome.  First it looks cute - especially its rear outside courtyard replete with a clothesline.  At night white lights illuminate.  Don't worry about the rain - it is all under Plexiglas cover. 
Now the food.  I ate the best meatball that I have ever eaten anywhere in the world.  This meatball is large and incredibly tasty and served over a bed of polenta.  The seafood mixed grill which consisted of swordfish, calamari, and shrimp was also tasty.  Add a little pepper and it comes even more to life.  For desert, a pistachio cannoli perfectly his the spot.
Service was friendly and competent.  Little Nonna's deserves those five stars,Tried out Little Nonna's with a friend on Friday. I was excited to try it based on glowing recomendations it had been given by friends. To be honest, I was mostly unimpressed. The place is definitely small and LOUD. you're practically sitting on top of each other. I'm glad I wasn't on a date. The menu isn't large and the entrees all start at $16. They serve some alcohol and also let you B.Y.O.B. BUT they charge a $25 uncorking fee which I think is outrageous.
We got an order of the garlic bread as an app which was yummy. My friend got the "Sunday Gravy" which was a little pricier but def delicious! I got the shrimp and linguine but without the jalopenos and it was exactly what I wanted. We also put a lot of consideration into getting the spaghetti and meatballs which looked and smelled great as well. 
We looked at the dessert menu but decided not to get anything. They  tried to put a twist on a lot of Italian classics that made them not sound so appealing. I was also disappointed they didn't have any type of coffee on the dessert menu. Overall, the service was friendly and good. The food was very yummy I was just slightly disappointed by the limited selection and noise level. Especially for the price.one word recommendation FLAVOR
i've been craving spaghetti & meatballs and some italian gravy so came on a sunday night. service was good, def recommend reservations.
the caesar salad was probably the best thing i had... which is sad. the dressing was full of flavor and their homemade croutons were so cheesy and delicious. 
the meatballs were super dry and the cheese in the meatball wasn't melted at all, it was almost lukewarm. but the spaghetti sauce had NO FLAVOR. sooo bland! i think having the short ribs in the sauce WITH meatballs is a bit too much. they should focus on putting better flavor into the sauce and cooking the meatballs perfectly.
everyone knows this place for its spaghetti and meatballs and it was very disappointing.
not to mention my boyfriend got the sunday gravy.... and a couple of the macaroni in it was half cooked.. you could see the dry starch in the middle.
All in all, Little Nonna's needs to focus on its main star, Spaghetti and Meatballs. Make the meatballs flawless and put some salt and seasoning in the pasta!!Loved this Italian restaurant. It's quaint, almost like sitting in someones kitchen. The service was excellent and the food selection was plentiful
I had the house rose wine and it was delicious. Perfect with  my meal.
We ordered a few dishes for 2:
WILD MUSHROOM ARANCINI - Risotto balls with mozzarella and aioli. This was crispy and delicious
EGGPLANT PARMIGIANA - This was a different take on eggplant parm. It wasn't your traditional layers, rather they had it baked in strips and the pesto, marinara and burrata was layered on top. For someone who is not a huge fan of eggplant, i was a big fan of this
RIGATONI ALLA VODKA - We had this without the sausage and it was delicious! The dish was customizable. The vodka sauce was tasty and light
We had an order of garlic bread as well which was garlicy enough without the huge clove that it comes with.
Loved this place, it was delicious. Highly recommended.Oh my Gosh! Do yourself a favor and go eat here. What to get: wild mushroom aranciti and the Sunday gravy. Honestly, this may be my new favorite Italian restaurant in Philly!I stopped by Little Nonna's based on a friend's recommendation. I am glad that I did! The ambiance was really cozy and the food was incredible! I ended up ordering the meatballs with polenta as my main course (the waitress explained that the portion from the spaghetti meatball entree is very large) with a Cesar salad as a starter. The salad was good--the standout were the warm polenta croutons. I was skeptical of those until I tasted one--they were delicious! The meatballs were the best I have had anywhere, and the polenta they came on was extremely creamy and lush. I would strongly recommend this place if you are seeking good Italian food. Wonderful experience all round.