we walked here for dinner last night. very good. we sat at the bar and began to taste. i tried the carnitas and pollo tacos, which were just delicious and so very fresh tasting. g went with the nachos. i stole a couple of chips from the plate which were fine as well.  for drinks i went with the margarita and the regal, g went with 6point ales. the crowd was mixed and the music was good. this is a cash only spot but i understand there is atm on premises. the bartender was friendly and attentive. a good time type of place.My favorite taco joint by far. Been showing off this gem to friends for ages!!! They have the best vegetarian tacos aroundLoco pez easily has the best array of tacos I have come across yet in Philadelphia. They offer dollar tacos once a week (which they change up, announcing when it occurs that day which helps to fray the taco traffic a little). However, when it is dollar taco day, be forewarned that there will be a wait probably upwards of an hour. Trying to go there during happy hour is impossible unless you are there at the start of it. I have found the best times to go for the dollar taco night is going later in the night. The nice thing is that they are located across the street from a bar, which has a good draft list at very reasonable prices, that you can go sit and drink at while you wait. 
My favorite tacos include the chorizo&potato, the carne asada, and the shrimp (tempura?). They also serve their food with a bunch of different hot sauces which are made in house and quite delicious.Love this place. First off it has a cool laid back environment, much like you would expect from a Fishtown restaurant. The variety of meats for the tacos is great. I recommend the shrimp tacos and the pork taco- also can't go wrong with the Kenzo Nachos. It's a fun spot with good food and drink. You definitely won't want to go to Taco Bell after eating here.We've gone three weeks in a row for dinner and have not been disappointed at all. Their margaritas are tasty and strong (rare combination) and their food is great and cheap! We did have to wait a while each time for a table, but we waited at the bar and enjoyed some drinks which passed the time quickly. The homemade hot sauces are a nice touch. The green one is especially spicy and great on their chips. The tacos themselves are small but there is plenty of meat and tons of flavor. Everyone is nice and they work to get you a table as fast as they can. It is cash only, but there's an ATM in the restaurant for those that don't plan ahead. This is a great new neighborhood spot.A nice big place in the neighborhood of Fishtown. Well priced tasty food with a place big enough to accommodate big groups. The setting is very casual and fun.Amazing tacos!! Real good vibe!Awesome Mexican beers selectionThis place is amazing. Only thing I don't like is the area is a lil sketch. Im from california and I know good mexican. Trust me! Loved the three tacos I tried today. Will def be back, esp on their dollar taco nights!Loco Pez is a pretty cool vibe, a little hipster for me, but hey, I live in Fishtown. This food is really good and staff is friendly. A downfall is that it get really crowded, but only on Friday night and weekends usually.This place is chill. Prices can't be beat. They even have a dollar taco night. Great for after work which is what I'm doing right now . Happy hour drinks are on pointThe happy hour margaritas and nachos are awesome. The nachos! The calories are all worth it. The chips are not thick cut, but stay crispy even under the cheese-salsa-guac-meat blanket. 
The $1 tacos are not every day, but announced on Twitter, which sucks for me because I don't Twitter/tweet.
My favorite taco was the Carne Asada out of the Pez, Al Pastor, Chorizo/Potato. The tacos themselves were small, with a decent amount of meat. Tasty, those were.
Seriously, GET THE NACHOS!Visited this place about two weeks ago with my girlfriend. Really liked just about everything. Started with chicken nachos, loved it. Then ordered three tacos, one shrimp, one chicken and one pork. The tacos are tiny but delicious. Well balanced flavors, authentic corn tortillas. The tortilla was a little small for the size of th shrimp in the shrimp taco. But that's my only complaint. My girlfriend liked her margarita. Will be back.Very nice set up.  Booths in back, tables in front.  
Efficient servers, good bartenders...GREAT MARGARITAS.
I really hate to say anymore, because this place is around the corner from my house, and I don't want anyone to know how great it is.
I was hoping to keep it a secret, but as you can see by everyone's review, they hit it out of the park with this one.I feel like I have to review this place since I end up there way more than I'd like to admit. I live pretty much next door, it's dangerous. 
I'll keep it short and sweet: delicious food at a great price point, good drinks, and awesome staff.
Dollar. Tacos. 
Love you Loco Pez. And I'm sure you know it. See you soon.If you're ever up for exploring Philly then please visit this spot in Fishtown. I'll admit, it's hard to get to by public transit. If you get off of the Market-Frankford line (also called the L), then you'll find yourself walking through an area that seems a little sketchy at night. 
Once you get to the restaurant you'll see that it's hopping. People with their booze and food. Keep in mind that it's a small place that gets kind of loud. Really great for the hipster or young crowd (that probably includes me). 
I tried the carne asada, chorizo (of course), and the al pastor. All very delicious. I wish I still lived in Philly just to revisit this place because I didn't go often while I was there.If it was dollar taco night, this might be ok. The food was average at best. Overpriced tacos, the salsa was bland.  I get the draw, but I won't be back.Looking for a late night meal, this is the place to be ! Their Kitchen closes at midnight, margaritas are strong  and the tacos are everything. I had a shrimp taco and steak tacos. They were delicious. So flavorful and juicy. The margarita was only about 6 dollars and I was feeling nice after drinking 1 . Lol I also had their chips and dip/salsa and it was authentic pico de Gallo  dip. Loved every moment of my late trip to Loco Pez. Their burritos are good as well I've had that previously. It is cash only but if you don't have cash they have an atm.This place was pretty awesome. The hostess, the waitress and the guy who delivered our food made this experience awesome for us. The food was so good. We got nachos and they were huge and filling. The atmosphere was pretty cool and we felt relaxed while eating. The only downfall of our experience was the beginning when a girl who works there as well told the hostess off by asking her why she sat people right next to her which made it uncomfortable in the beginning. Other than that, I would recommend this little place to anyone.Nachos de Kenzo is easily the greatest thing ever created on this earth. Awesome staff doesn't hurt.Loco Pez rocks!  Be sure to try the Nachos de Kenzo. Never disappointed in the many, many times I've been there for grubbage and cervazas. Special shout out to Colleen, an excellent server who never let's us down w/ recommendations and ensures our drinks are always full.I LOVE tacos, so I didn't even hesitate when my friend suggested this as a dinner option last weekend. The interior is pretty simple, with vintage/quirky decorations and a no-fuss atmosphere. 
We started with chips and guac. I can't pinpoint it exactly, but this was some of the best guac I have ever had. It's pretty simple but had a perfectly creamy texture and was very fresh. 
I ordered three different tacos: the chorizo and potato, the cochinita pibil, and the carne asada.   All three were fantastic and offered a variety of fresh flavors. They're on the tiny side, but they're also priced as such so definitely order a few and mix and match flavors. 
The downside? Cash-only... it's 2016. But I guess this minor annoyance is worth it when it comes to good tacos!It's always crowded here, but the tacos are freakin fantastic!  Sorry that I didn't come by here sooner, but the tacos are always delicious and always come out in a timely manner.  Yummylicious!  Running into old friends.  Nice servers as well.
I'd give it five stars, but it is in Philadelphia.  Sorry.Loco Pez is my favorite place to go. It's better than work and closer than the beach. It's only a block from my house, actually. Which makes it extra good.
All the food is delicious. Try their brunch, too!  The only thing I've ever had there that I didn't like was a mescal drink that they promptly replaced after seeing my facial expression.Enjoyed my beef stew special & the margs were top notch. Kiss pinball machine added the 5th starSuper consistent service, cocktails and yummy burritos. The ambiance is perfect--not too kitschy Mexican-themed and not too hipster (despite the neighborhood). If I'm ever in doubt on a night in Fishtown, I know I can depend on Loco Pez.
P.S. KITCHEN IS OPEN UNTIL 1AM OMG LIFE SAVER.Jillian was a great waitress! She made sure me and all my friends were taken care of for a birthday party. Food was delicious as well.I fucking love this place. 
Pros: margaritas that put you on your ass, fresh and flavorful food, attractive staff, incredible happy hour. Plus I can see this place from my front step.
Cons: pretty small so expect to wait, especially if you're going on $1 taco night, they won't deliver margaritas to my house- rude.Went here two times in the past week. Great bar! Great beers on tap, and fabulous margaritas (a little boozy, but I'm not complaining). Had the Nachos De Kenzo with a group of friends which is the only way to enjoy it. It's a landfill of nachos and meats and cheeses. Tacos are delicious as well. I've only eaten the chicken which was fantastic but I hear the shrimp ones are the best. Both times so far, I've eaten the burger which might be one of the best burgers I've ever eaten at a bar. Their secret sauce and jalapeño peppers make the already delicious buttery burger even better. Definitely a place I plan to go often, especially during their dollar taco nightsSo today I decided to try Loco Pez for the first time. I called to place my order over the phone in which I asked for no onions or pico! When I arrived to pick up my food I checked my order only to open up my platter to a brutal smell of onions!!!!! I kindly said " Not to be a pain or anything but I made sure I asked for no onions over the phone! " AT THAT TIME she informed me that the chicken is cooked I onions this was totally unprofessional and a disbelief to me ! I will never visit this Mexican restaurant again !!!!3 stars, would be 5 stars but they MUST get rid
Of the bartender with a mullet. He makes a terrible margarita and is EXTREMELY rude.I have been here several times and I am bit disappointed. Food is mediocre at best, however the drinks are decent. It is a hipster hangout, so it goes without saying that the service is awful. Decor is not as unique as the young artsy clientele here would have you believe. In fact Loco Pez reminds me alot of El Rey in Rittenhouse. 
My suggestion--if you are content with cheap/mediocre food come here. Otherwise go down the road to one of several establishments that have better food.When you walk in don't let the initial smell of the joint fool you. It's the building. And yes - that needed to be clarified by the bartender (Fran - who was awesome!). The food is really tasty. They bring you rice (choice of green or regular - I chose green) and refried beans (the most flavorful refried black beans I've ever had!!!) and it was all fantastic. 
They have a great selection of beers. Victory Golden Monkey bottles? You're a winner in my eyes. 
I tried their chicken and carne asada soft tortilla taco, and the ground beef hard shell taco. In my opinion, the chicken was the winner. Great spice, tender shredded chicken, and a corn tortilla that stood the test of juiceiness - very impressive.
Also tried the Monte Carlo Margarita and it was spicyyyyy. But I loved the color of it, and it didn't  water down as much as you'd expect as I baby-sitted a little bit. Great when you've had a hard day and you neeeeed a margarita to bring you back to your happy place. 
Three stars for the initial response to the atmosphere, but 3.5 for the service, clientele, and the attention to flavor in their meals and drinks.Great tacos at great prices. Easy location, parking is a bit of an issue. Great beer selection! Will be back.Loco Pez, I'm demoting you 2 stars. Sorry, old friend. Your food is still tasty, but it's your atmosphere that I cannot stand. You are far too crowded, and I'm not just saying that. Really, I can't move or stand comfortably within your walls. I wait for at least 30 to 40 minutes for one of your tables. I wanted to keep visiting you Loco Pez, but when there are other tasty Mexican options nearby where I can always get a table, you just aren't worth it anymore.Good service, great food, great drinks! No complaints!!! I had the shrimp and al pastor tacos... I squirted all this great house made green sauce they have on pretty much everything! Can't wait to come backGood place to go if you're in the area. Nice decor. Food is great  Prices are reasonable.Not hard to miss they have a big bright sign despite of the dark streets. Parking here is a hit and miss they have a nice bar friendly staff great selection of drinks food for a 5-6 people or just by twos . You can come here to drink or just eat it's a nice environment for both. The feel is very pub like but way more warm and the food aroma is the air! Makes you hungry! The front of the restaurant is a bar the back is the restaurant. The customer service is awesome! The bartender today was so funny! Nice and he really makes good drinks no complains. 
Now let's talk about the food
Food was so and so I think it's overhyped the pork shoulder and ground pork were so dry!!!!!! So disappointing. The sauces were good but it doesn't compensate for the tasteless dry meat. The fish taco was too fishy!!!!!! I don't know how that happened because ahi tuna on tacos are usually not fishy. The American style taco was passable i just thought that this place will be that good because of the rating.Awesome service and a great atmosphere. The Nachos De Kenso is HUGE and has a lot of flavor.Food is good.   Beer is good.  Atmosphere is good.  Cash only.  I think that sums it up.
Memphis Tap is still my go to spot, but Loco Pez is awesome!Woo-hoo for another neighborhood spot I can walk to! I've tried almost all of the drinks and my favorite is the Monte Carlo, with a nice chipotle spicy kick to it. Nom. The traditional margarita was ok, nothing to freak out about, but tasty.  Beer selection is pretty awesome and they give you a tomato juice concoction as a chaser for tequila shots, kinda rad if you ask me. 
The food is really quite tasty, and the veggie options are plentiful.  You can get tacos (tiny, but three will fill you up pretty nicely), quesadillas, or burritos filled with the two veggie offerings of mushrooms or soy chorizo.  The soy chorizo is super yummy, the mushrooms can be a little bland, so I suggest those in the quesadilla. Combined with the salty cheese they're muy delicioso.  The guacamole was fresh and tasty, as was the pico de gallo that comes with the chips and salsa.  The nachos were a little bland for me, with cheese sort of crumbled on top, and not really melty.  I'd try them again though.  So far the only fail was the burrito.  The tortilla tasted freezer burned and the rice was crunchy.  Could've been an off night, but still.  Your best bet is the tacos.  They're bare bones, with just onion, cilantro, and your filling.  I hate cilantro and am not a fan of the raw onion so I scrape mine onto my husband's plate and the flavor of the chorizo is still enough to satisfy.  
It can get packed on weekends, but with table and bar seating you don't usually have to wait long.  I hope they start serving brunch soon.  HINT HINT. 
Oh and cash only folks, but there's an ATM.Such great Mexican. I love their carne Asada. Hillary is the best waitress. I'm from Oklahoma and there are really good Mexican places all over down there. I had been living in Philly for almost a year when I finally found Loco Pez. This place is legit. Better than back home. Great salsa's, great burrito's, great nachos. It's all good. I can't wait until they expand because if you don't get there at the right time, the wait can be too long. All of the wait staff and bartenders are really nice, just treat them like family and they do the same.Happy hour margs and nachos can not be beat. Probably my favorite restaurant in Philly for that reason alone! I always have a great time at Pez.Stop looking at the menu and order the nachos. Tacos are fine but come on a plate with nothing but a tasty taco. 
Usually pretty loud in hereThis place freaking rocks!!! The little burritos are the bomb and they come proper with the variety of tequila (not even a tequila drinker) 
Oh and the cast of characters and bartenders here make the magic happen... 2 of the 3 times I went there just to have a beer I ended up closing down the bar, waking up on my bathroom floor with my boxer briefs on backwards, and had work the next day both times... I know I participated in some type of dance off/contest and obviously came in fourth but the others cheated... Great spot to let loose.The staff is really nice here, though little bit slow in service. I was super excited about the vegan options including nachos and a couple tacos. The drinks were better than the food.Love to come here on dollar taco night! They're tacos are pretty good and so are their margaritas. Only thing is you have to get there early because it gets PACKED and it's not that big of a place. Would definitely recommend for some quality Mexican food!Nachos don't get better than loco pez's nachos de kenzo.  And the tacos are pretty awesome, too.Solid Tex mex with $4 margs for happy hour. Now I know where I'm going to go on west Philly when I need one. I haven't been to their original location, but this one was nice! It was a good size; they fit in a lot of seats in a smallish space. The decorations are dated, but they add to the character of the whole restaurant. It's pretty loud, and we wished the windows in the front opened up. The service was quick and candid, and their margs were sour, which I really like. You pick from meats and can have tacos, burritos or enchiladas - all at different prices. Definitely no gourmet meal, but it's a great casual spot to meet up with friends for a round or two. I'll definitely be backThey aren't authentic. Doesn't taste like it anyway. The tacos seem commercial grade (not home made?). I can't really say the food is any more than average. Tacos by definition. Chicken ones are the best. They do have speedy service so if you just want to eat and aren't expecting the real deal, these are edible.This place is cash only!!!! But they have a ATM in the other room of the establishment and one across the street. We had the chicken nachos as an app they were ok the chicken taste a little mushy not sure if was sitting or what. I had the carne asada (no idea if I spelled that right)burrito that was really good and filling! I got the red sangria with hibiscus and strawberry,not sure if that was suppose to be like an infused type of thing or they just left it out all together. The shit tasted like this cheap port I used to drink when I was 17 called Taylor's port aka TP if your from the hood! My friends had soda BOOOO! Lol jk! Kind of! They liked their food tho. I was not a fan of the smells in there when I walked to the other room to tap Mac it smelled like vomit! I used the BR and that smelled hella pissy! Loco please do a good cleaning which was the reason for the three stars and that horrid sangria!I made it here once for happy hour. I got the chicken burrito. It was really good. I would def go back.Amazing quality food and drinks (nice tequila selection). Also not expensive! The staff is super friendly. It's quite the trendy place at the moment so the only downfall is the crowds. Expect to wait a while for a table, or even a seat at the bar. Most people aren't aware but they do offer take out. We live close by so it's quite convenient to pick up some of the great food and just have it at home. Ordering for take out never took more that 10 minutes so if you're craving good Mexican fast this is the way to go.Not going to lie, I had my reservations walking in.  This place looks like an old neighborhood dive.  Not much says "mexican" when you first arrive.  But man, great tacos, burritos and do yourself a favor and try the street dog.  Solid tequila list and a friendly staff round out a great spot to try for dinner.I dig me some tacos. I really do. And I dig the Loco Pez. It's a decent spot with good vibes. The staff was friendly all around. I had too many tacos because they were cheap & delicious. They're also smallish, which I like because I can branch out on the variety front. However, their tiny stature can be misleading, making me think I can cram 6 of them into my face after housing a bowl of tortilla soup & some slammin' black beans.  Even after smoking a bowl and showing up ready to get my munch on, I wasn't THAT hungry. But, I finished everything anyway & left sort of uncomfortably full. It's all good though, I had the forethought to wear a skirt with an elastic band so I could just let it all out. Totally worth not sticking to my diet for another day.Great addition to Fishtown.  After three visits we've only tried the tacos and guacamole - fresh and tasty every time with six or so varieties of tacos to choose from.  Tacos come with sides of lime and three house sauces in plastic squeeze bottles.  Margaritas are good and strong and the beer draft selection is pretty good.  Mellow vibe with good music and friendly staff.  Thumbs up.Loco pez serves up some pretty delicious Mexican foods that are pretty authentic. My faves are shrimp tacos, chicken burritos, spicy black beans (side dish) and their fresh guacamole. Their cocktails are also delicious and service is excellent.Me and my girlfriend came here one night to get some margaritas and some food and I have to say I was really impressed, the food was awesome, we were sat right away. I ended up getting a Carne Asada Burrito and it was huge! Enough to share between two people, but I wasn't sharing that night! My girlfriend ended up getting the Pez Tacos and she loved them! I love that we get fresh salsa and chips to munch on while we sit and wait and the service was very good. Our waitress made sure we had drinks and checked on us constantly. It was a nice night out for some good food and some strong drinks after a long week. They're cash only so don't forget to tap mac! We will be back !$1 tacos (seems to usually be tues or weds,  check their Facebook!) that are delicious! My favorite tacos in Philly but they are pretty far from me so I don't get out there often.  Their drinks are decent and they have some cheaper beers,  but I would go here mainly for their tacos,  full or at the discounted price because they are just as delicious either way.  The Camerones tacos are my favorite!Every time I go here I love it. Usually get carne Asada tacos. Just recently tried their quesadilla and it was also very good. Tortilla soup is good just remember to get tortilla on the side so they aren't soggy. Also the margaritas are freshly squeezed.came here for lunch and thought everything was decent. nothing i would rave about, i personally like pancho's down the street way better. 
the tacos were good but too much liquid that the tortillas broke through. the fish was fried perfectly though
the quesadillas are not what you think, they're mostly meat with a little bit of cheese in these almost pita pocket shaped tortillas, not the triangle shape you're used to.
my favorite dish here was probably the guac, it was seasoned perfectly.
all in all, this place is good for some casual tacos with friendsWARNING: the Margaritas are AWESOME! 
I was a little bummed when receiving my tacos, tiny little three biters but the flavors were good.  My husband got an enchilada and it was VERY good! Just a note, if you are hungry go for the burrito or enchilada or order 4+tacos..
I will return for the Margaritas and the NACHOS!! :)The food is decent however the menu is quite limited. The service here is HORRENDOUS!! All the servers walk around with a stick up their booty. A group of 5 girls went after work, we were all laughing the whole time and the waitress didn't crack a smile the whole time. She was also very short with us and unfriendly. Then when the check came she added 20% gratuity. WTF, I could see if we were a large group, but seriously a party of 5 at a dive bar?? The waitress then stated that it was up to the waitresses digression on how much gratuity to add. So apparently this rude waitress thought she was worth 20% added gratuity. Needless to say all the people we work with have decided we will never go back there.Went there for lunch and really wanted to like it based on the great reviews. Service was great. The menu is great with lots of different types of choices for food, tequilas, and beer. We got a good spattering of different things. The chips were fresh and guac was pretty good too. All seemed homemade. Their salsas on the side were flavorful and went well with the chips. I do appreciate you can order than a la carte. We got al pastor, carne asada, fish, and shrimp tacos, pulled pork and chorizo/potato quesadillas.  Unfortunately, the tacos weren't good at all. The al pastor and carne asada were so dry. The al pastor was also topped with a thin quarter slice of pineapple, the ones that come in a ring from a can. Not flavorful, and didn't enhance the al pastor, which is an essential component of that type of meat. The fish and shrimp were batter fried. They were crunchy and not oily, which I appreciate, but the fish had no flavor whatsoever. The shrimp was the only one that was pretty good, but only relative to the others that were sub-par. The flour tortillas were dry around the edges, which didn't help with overall texture and flavor. Thank goodness for the homemade salsas though. The cheese in the quesadillas were pushed to one side and not distributed out well. The pulled pork wasn't bad, but way too salty. Chorizo and potatoes were actually good. We also got the horchata, which was disappointingly water down with no depth or flavor. Unfortunately this isn't the spot for me. There are just way too many other mexican places in Philly with the same divey feel, drink choices, and way better food.Great for happy hour but the dinner food is just eh.  
nachos and margaritas are awesome!This place is simply great.
First, I just want to say two words: mushroom. burrito.
This place is cash only, so hit the ATM before arriving. Their cocktails are pretty delicious and are about $7-8 and food is reasonable. The service is pretty fast and attentive (with the exception of one time out of the 4 times I've been there) and the bartender always has a smile on his face. 
The tacos can be bought individually, but they're pretty small. They're the only thing on the menu that I don't think are worth their price. Did I mention that mushroom burrito? IT IS SO GOOD.Food and drinks were delicious. Service was terrible. Cash only. There is an ATM inside. Cute atmosphereI love this place. Being relatively new to the Fishtown area, I was introduced to this place by a friend and I am so happy I was. The drinks are delicious as well as the tacos. My favorite part is that you can get single tacos so you can mix and match as many as you'd like. The atmosphere is fun.Cold food slopped together. Got my burrito cold. You can tell it was never hot bc the cheese never melted. And all the cheese was on one side. And everything else was on the other. The bottom of the burrito wasn't wrapped up tight and ended up being a sloppy mess. This meal gets one star but others here have been better so I evened it out at a 3. 
Got the pico and chips too. That was pretty good. Would come back again but not for the burrito.Above average Mexican cuisine, Loco Pez flies a bit under the radar due to its location and unassuming exterior. Inside, it's got a cool, grungy feel to it, with a sort street art decor to it. Margaritas were excellent and they weren't shy on the tequila. 
The nachos were enjoyable, but nothing that I thought set them over the top. Nice sized, cheesy portion. The queso fundido was equally delicious but straightforwards- melted cheese and tortillas.
Great variety of tacos, including some veggy options. I thought the soy chorizo was great and the mushroom was truly excellent. The tacos are small, and you'll want to order 3-5 depending on your hunger level. I think if I could find a complaint, some of the tacos are just lacking that mouthwatering flavor burst you find with a truly perfect taco. Still, I will definitely be going back the next time I'm in the neighborhood.
Service was quick and friendly. Dishes were brought and promptly cleared, and our server was pleasant and thorough.I enjoy the tacos here. It is a delicious little place. I like the gran tacos the best.I've only ever been here for dollar taco night, but I've been to a ton! You never know when dollar taco night is going to be, so you have to follow them on fb or twitter. However, it goes on all night until they close at 2am. Great for a late night snack! Tacos are fresh and tasty. Service is always friendly and quick. The place is very small, but I've never felt crowded when sitting at a table. A big downside is that they are cash only. Be prepared for this before you come! Carrying the cash is definitely worth it!! Street parking can be tough, but the restaurant is accessible via the el train.4 tacos 
Carne asada - very good and flavorful 
Chilorio - pulled meat with more of a natural seasoning
Al pastor - chicken tasted kinda grainy and chewy, not a big fan
Chorizo and potato - great spice and kick
Guacamole and chips - mehhhh, I've had better. Tableside guac is where it's at. 
On all of them, added the home sauce of the tomatillo. Can't eat a taco without a good spicy sauce. 
Presentation looked bright and colorful from the garnishes of cilantro and generous amounts of onions. 
Radish on the side with a side of a lime for that zest. 
Located on a corner, as I walked in, ceilings are low and only a foot above my head. Bars on the right with lots of decorations for that festive vibe.
I like tacos, tacos like me...it's a mutual relationship of love that'll withstand longer than some marriages...I joke, I joke. But tacos are something so simple, yet pack a blast of amazingness when you take that first bite. I'd give this place a try.I love this place- the quirky decor is great. The first thing I noticed was the prices, you know you aren't in center city anymore! Tacos are all around $2, and during HH a gigantic plate of nachos are only $4. I would skip the margaritas, I wish they used better ingridients in their standard marg (hello grand marnier!) I would get a dos equis with lime instead. My favorite tacos are the al pastor, carne asada, and shrimp. Brunch here was excellent as well, although the prices are a little more inflated ($5 OJ?!?) I got the fried eggs with  tortilla chips baked with salsa verde, it was delicious, but 2 eggs + chips + salsa should not  = $11. Everyone else had the huevos rancheros and seemed pleased with their heaping plates of comida. Luckily I work nearby, so I can easily get here often, but I highly recommend leaving your center city bubble and making the trek to Kensington!1.  Super glad they have vegan options.  The mushroom taco was really good, but the soy chorizo tasted kind of weird.  I liked the waffle fries, and the guac was tasty.
2.  The vibe is nice.  Music isn't too loud, comfy decor, and a good blend of lots of different types of patrons.  
3.  The thing I loved the most was the chipotle infused tequila with hisbiscus water drink thingy.  Once finals are over, I'm celebrating by drinking 3 of those I think.I had a chicken taco, which while very tiny was really flavorful!  I also had a shrimp burrito, which was very tasty, and quite filling.  
I really loved the decor and vibe of the place.  It smelled a bit because of the renovation, but not too bad. Really nice wait staff.
I am glad to have this place in my neighborhood!If you have a date with Tiny Elvis, you should bring him here. The tacos would be the perfect size for him!soooooo damn goooooddddughhhh. a little pricey.Loco Pez is my favorite bar that happens to serve the best tacos and amazing drinks. The Monte Carlo is my favorite drink to get. The bartenders are friendly, personable and are very attentive. I'm a bartender myself so I have a habit of noticing these types of characteristics when I'm at a bar. You can't beat the dollar taco night they have once a week. I suggest getting their early for a table or a seat at the bar. It gets very crowded on those nights.Went for the first time Saturday night with a friend after hearing numerous people rave about it. I wasn't disappointed. We sat at the bar since there wasn't any tables open and started off with some drinks. I got the diablo margarita which had habenero pepper in it...I'm not too into spicy things and obviously it was SUPER spicy but the bartender recommended it and he was cute coupled with an Australian accent (if I'm remembering correctly) so obviously I would've drank 5 if he recommended I do so.  I haven't had Mexican food in forever and this totally hit the spot. I got enchiladas for the first time and they were WONDERFUL. It was definitely some of the most authentic Mexican food I've had. Also the service was very prompt. The only thing I didn't like was it was a bit cramped. I mean we literally arrived at the perfect time because we actually got a seat...shortly after we arrived people started piling in. It's a really small establishment and it's obviously not just a bar where people would be fine standing around and drinking...it was evident most people were there for the food as much as drinks, so it's kind of like you're eating on top of each other and there's people standing throughout the place waiting to grab a seat. It being such a popular place and becoming seemingly more popular they might want to think of expanding a bit but maybe that's part of their charm. Also I did feel it was a little pricey...I think the food I got was definitely worth it but the drinks were small and expensive and I  don't quite get why. Overall I thought it was pretty good and I'll definitely stop in next time I'm in the neighborhood!Late night dinner.  I've been curious about the tacos and burritos at this joint...especially after reading some of the reviews.  This is a typical dive bar in the mist of Fishtown Philadelphia and the music was very nostalgic...90's hip hop blessed the ambiance here!  One of my fave songs from Camp Lo (Luchini) came on as I sipped on a great lake draft and it instantly took me back to a good ole house party in North Philly.  We ordered Tacos (Pollo, Carne Asada, Camerones) and a Carne Asada Burrito with a side of Black Beans Diablo.  The Pollo Taco was the star...small but flavorful.  The Shrimp (Camerones) Taco was cold and unappealing.  The Carne Asada was ok in both Taco and Burrito form.  The Burrito was very filling however.  The Black Beans Diablo was reminiscent of refried beans with regards to the texture...not much flavor however.  3 great lake drafts had me very mellow, grooving to the sounds of back pack golden hip hop.  Definitely a nice chill spot to enjoy a convo and go back in time with the sounds of "back in the day".  The food was ok and the service was friendly.Same vibes as the Fishtown location, but just a bit louder and more open in the bar area. More street parking available and still cash only.So glad to have a Mexican food place in the area. "Honest Tom's" tacos were never impressive, but now that the place became vegan is glad to have this new option. "Loco Pez" is a gourmet taco place, I wouldn't call it a Latino place, but they have good options.
Restaurant looks good; they've adopted a 60'style vibe from the old American dinners.
Prices are good. Tacos are ok: in my opinion 'Carne Asada" is their best. Their "Nachos with Salsa" is very fresh. 
IMPORTANT: They only take cash.So I'll be honest; surprised with the negative reviews. Cocktails are great, food is incredible, particularly tacos, and happy hour specials are on point. Don't like that it is so crowded but it's relatively new so certainly understandable and frankly a good sign. Anyways let's put it this way, I'd put it in my top 3 for Mexican in Philadelphia along with Dos Segundos and Honest Toms however it's a lot more affordable than the other two so certainly a great new addition to the Baltimore ave community.Awesome taco and tequila place! Really enjoyed it, prices are good and food is tasty. One star deducted because it's really loud in there (it's a 5 Star experience if I remember my earplugs) maybe some acoustic treatment? Or simply cutting the high end on the music could help. Xoxo Loco PezI really like this place, great food, beautiful decor and inexpensive options. Staff are quick and their hours are great.Good happy hour spot, especially for $1 taco night. You can get a good Margarita for $5 and try a selection of tacos for $1 each. You can't beat that deal!  $1 taco night changes every week, so you have to monitor their Facebook page. I tried a bunch of tacos but unfortunately the only one that stood out was the shrimp taco. It was so delicious that I ordered another one. I also ordered some nachos, which came without salsa. Even after asking for salsa it never came. The service was pleasant, but that oversight was annoying. Loco Pez is a good spot for happy hour with friends, but not the place I would go for a high quality Mexican dinner.Good restaurant with decent food and good drinks. Bar tenders were friendly but wait service was a bit slow. It's cash only which doesn't make sense in 2018, and this is a brand new restaurant. They have some weird ATM that charges both bank fees and a regular ATM fee so you basically have to add $7 to your bill. It's nice to have a texmex place in the neighborhood with good quality food. Start accepting credit cards and I'll be your most loyal customer!I've heard so many great things, and finally got the chance to try out Loco Pez at their new West Philly location. Came in for the brunch, and was surprised to see they have a happy hour brunch on Sundays! (Started at 1 pm, not sure of the stop time.) I decided to try the happy hour specials, so I got a $4 margarita and the $5 nachos. Holy moly, they did not disappoint! The margarita was strong and delish. So many places I've gone to I've found they never put enough salt on the rim. Loco Pez has a beautifully salted margarita rim! Our server was nice, and knowledgeable about our questions about the brunch menu. We didn't have to wait for our drinks, and the food came out pretty quickly as well. My friends both got food from the brunch menu, and it looked really good. The plate of nachos they brought me was so huge, it could have been shared with 3 people easily. I was only able to eat about a third of it, so brought the rest home for my boyfriend to eat.
I only have two things that affected the number of stars I gave:
1.) the temperature in the room. It's like 43 degrees outside, but they had the air running inside, and the draft was right on me, so I was pretty chilly the whole time. I wished I had on a sweater.
2.) the music was pretty loud, so I had a hard time hearing my friends. There were only 3 of us, and we were seated at a high top table by the bar, the place wasn't crowded and loud from other patrons. But the music was so loud that I had a hard time hearing my friends and only caught about half of the conversation.Absolutely love this place. Their carne asada tacos are amazing and the place has a great ambiance too. While it isn't exactly authentic Mexican food, it's close enough for me. So glad they're in West Philly now!Good for the $4 Nachos at Happy Hour.
Tacos are small; chilorio & fish were ok, carne asada & al pastor were bland. The tableside sauces were also bland.
Service was weird. Guy almost walked off with my food before realizing I wasn't done and he didn't bother asking, just assumed. Another thing, I was shorted change. Just a few cents but no explanation. I was so confused and shocked considering that it's a cash only place.We've been looking for a local taqueria since moving to Philly. Or at the very least good street style tacos. Loco Pez came recommended through one of the FB groups. 
Food: not bad I tried 3 tacos: carne asada, pork - not carnitas, and chorizo/potato. 2 of the 3 were really good. Sadly the one I was looking most forward to trying, chorizo/potato was bland and boring. Chorizo is supposed to have a kick. This didnt BUTT (and you know I have a big one) the other two were great. 
Drinks: Bloody Mary, of course & a strawberry jarritos. 
Ambiance: This space is not fat friendly at all. Booths are small, similar to the minds of the table that was behind us. Seriously tattooed snobby hipsters need their own section to sneer at those they decide are unworthy to walk among them. 
2 notes: bring cash. They dont take cards. And there is no standard table chips and salsa. 
We will def. come back but will enter through the fat door also known as the to-go door so I can eat my tacos without being judged per delicious bite. I'm coming back for you al pastor.Nope, nope, nope. We came here in November to celebrate a friend after church on Sunday and the service here was abysmal. They told me they could not accommodate our group of 16 altogether (despite clearly having the space) because they didn't want to push the two tops together in case groups of two came in. I have waitressed for years, and while I understand their reluctance to either have to turn away groups of 2 or seats them at booths instead, the way that they treated our group, and spoke down to us was ridiculous, especially because all of these "groups of 2" were purely hypothetical at that point, and I am part of a group of 16 that is here with you now! Because I didn't want to make trouble for the person we were celebrating, and they had wanted to eat here, I bit my tongue and just made do with what they gave us which was to separate our group into a table of 6, and two booths of 5 each essentially (we all had to squish). The food that came was not even worth the price tag, and I could have cooked much better at home, as well as done without the poor attitude that we dealt with the whole meal. I will NEVER be back, which is a genuine shame because our regular group of 14 eats out every Sunday, and we would have been happy to make Loco Pez a part of our regular rotation in addition to the other local businesses in West Philly that we like to support such as Cedar Park Cafe, Bookers, etc.Looking for the 6th star. This place is out of this world! We visited the Fishtown location before and that was great, but the fact that we went in here on a Saturday evening and didn't have to wait (while the place was pretty packed) is an awesome bonus!
Food is on point! This can't be explained enough. Philly doesn't do Mexican too well, always looking for that go-to place, this is it!! Service. Service. And more service. Our waiter (I wish we got his name) was outstanding!
He was clutch with the water and drinks and was very helpful with the menu. I wanted to get the soy chorizo but wasn't sure if I'd like it. He brought out a sample for me to try.. and it did not disappoint. So much so where my wife called an audible and decided to get it. She got the enchiladas with soy chorizo and I got the same protein but chimichanga style. Delicious is an understatement. 
It was good I forgot to take a picture, we didn't even speak much during the meal because we enjoyed the food!!
The homemade hot sauces in the plastic bottles are a wonderful addition to your meal!
Before we even finished we planned out our next visit back to Loco Pez!
What a great place to have some good Mexican food!This place has decent food, and it's a nice addition to the neighborhood, but they play the music SO LOUDLY that you can't even hear the person sitting next to you, let alone anyone sitting across the table. We would honestly come here more If it wasn't so loud.So I love the one in Fishtown. Food is great. However this one is run gap hazardously. 
I feel bad for the staff when they only put one person on. 
Get it together! One person can't serve 5 tables and 4 people at the bar. 
Things get forgotten. Service isn't prompt. 
It's close to work and we'd go there more often but only having a 1/2 hr lunch makes it impossible.Favorite local Mexican restaurant. The beef tacos are delicious. Food and drinks are reasonably priced. Always happy when I go there :-)I have been here a few time the margaritas are awesome sometimes the service can be slow at the bar and at the tables they are always friendly when they can get to you. Overall a cute and casual place with good Food. The music is a little loud at times it can be hard to carry on a conversation when your right next to
The person.This is a review for the food, no opinion on the drinks aspect. Meh. Aggressively meh. Our two friends from north dakota and colorado kept asking for hot sauce and when they got it they asked "do you have anything hotter?" If North Dakotan white people think it's bland then it's definitely bland....4 stars for the maragritas....they're really reallly good. 
3 stars for the food. Tacos weren't memorable. Nachos were good but .... (can't believe I'm saying this) but its way too big.When I lived in Fishtown I used to occasionally venture out to the Loco Pez out that way-- it was sort of cute and dive-y but the food was good. My first Valentine's Day in Philly was celebrated there, and we both got a little pack of Smarties, which stuck in my head for some reason.
Anyway, a few years after moving to West Philly this one opens up, just a few blocks from my apartment. It was crammed nonstop for what seemed like the first couple of weeks so I stayed away, but its gradually become a de facto local spot for when my wife and I don't feel like going very far. 
Although we've had lovely times getting brunch here, my five stars are really for happy hour in particular. Enormous nachos for five bucks, four dollar margaritas (also... enormous?) and half off (I think?) draft beers is precisely what I want at 5 PM on a weekday. I guess all of West Philly concurs on that because it fills up fast-- if you get there after six good luck I guess. 
We usually try to reserve our visits for dollar taco nights, which seem to be roughly weekly. The tacos here are super tasty, but on the small side. They're usually in the, like, $2.50-3.00 range I guess, which isn't unreasonable for the quality of ingredients and the thoughtfulness of the preparation, but $1 just feels right in a primal and visceral way. My undisputed favorite was the chilorio, which was recently replaced by a carnitas that's just about as good. They also have an excellent soy chorizo, and a pretty satisfying mushroom taco.
Service is usually brisk and very friendly although, again, it fills up fast around five. It's a cute space that feels a little more roomy and breathable than the Fishtown location, with a nice long bar and some counter seats by the window that overlook a busy stretch of Baltimore Ave perfect for people watching. It's a pretty great taco place to begin with, but it really does shine as a happy hour spot, just the perfect place to wrap up a workday and watch the sun start to go down with a big plate of nachos and a drink.Absolutely love this place. Most of the time I meeting friends for happy hour. I've never been to their brunch or lunch. Their house margaritas never disappoint. Their customer service for me ranges between 7.5-8.5. It gets pretty busy during happy hour but the team does a good job of handling the crowd. I love when they have $1 taco days. They post events & specials on their social media pages which is helpful. I've been going to the West Philly location since they opened in July. Thus far I've ordered tacos, nachos, quesadillas and waffle fries. I vouch for them all. I will say I'm not a fan of their fish or shrimp tacos. The fish looks like a fish stick they pulled out of the freezer. The fish stick is very small and has no flavor all. It tasted like I was eating a slaw taco. The same for the shrimp. Looked like something they pulled out of the freezer and had no flavor as well.My absolute favorite place to go to quick tacos and margs. Especially during happy hour on a dollar taco day.I've been a loyal Loco customer at the Fishtown location since I discovered it two years ago - I could live and die by their nachos. Scoring a heaping pile of perfectly layered chips, cheese, and fresh toppings for $5 make it one of my top 3 favorite Happy Hour locations in the city. 
However, when I heard there was a new location opening a few blocks from my office, I was more skeptical than excited. However, upon my recent venture to check it out, I was pleasantly surprised. Unlike the dingy, yet charming cramped quarters in Fishtown, the new location has a lot more room to sit; more space, more tables, a bigger bar, and more stools. It's also got a very sleek, modern vibe with big TVs behind the bar; less of a dive-y feel than the OG Loco Pez.
The staff was very quick to greet and seat us, but the service beyond the hostess was super slow. It took about 10 minutes after sitting before we were greeted by our server and offered water glasses, and we saw him on 3 other times in the 2 and a half hours we were there. Fortunately, my friend and I weren't in any hurry. Unfortunately, about halfway through catching up, we noticed, quite abruptly, that the music was turned up way too loud. We were shouting to hear each other across the table. I'm not sure why the music was turned up so suddenly, but it was very disruptive to seemingly everyone who was trying to have a conversation.
You can't beat the $5 nachos and the overall atmosphere was inviting. Just turn down the beats.When Justin Bieber tried to sing his verse of "Despacito" live, and it turned into "Dorito, Dorito:" If you are looking for a side of assorted, purple, pickled vegetables, this is your place. If you are looking for Mexican food, maybe not. The queso fundido appetizer was served with soft flour tortillas instead of chips...not sure about the intended mechanics there. The sofritas burrito was fine, but the lack of sauces was disappointing. This could have been more easily ignored with free chips and salsa to start, but that wasn't the style at the cash-only West Philly joint. I hear the margaritas are worth a re-try, though.What is it with this establishment and sodium. I'm salty . Tonight me and my boyfriend decided to eat at our local Loco Pez. I ordered a shot of patron and there was literally a tablespoon of salt in the tequila (asked for salt and lime). I got seitan chimichangas and he got a burger and fries. Shit was literally COVERED in salt bro. They should give you baby aspirin before the meal. That shit hurted. ALSO the waitress had the audacity to defend the salt being literally swimming about the liquor. I have no words. I'm confused . Like . WhatFinally got to try this place! We arrived 2 minutes before the end of Happy Hour. Our server, Siobhan was nice enough to get us a Happy Hour drink. She was friendly and gave us lots of info about the menu and the restaurant. There's a Happy Hour with 1/2 price beers and $2 off margaritas during the week but also from 1-3 pm on weekends! The classic margarita was really good! You can get a salt or sugar rim. The white sangria was also good. 
The tacos were delicious. We tried the al pastor (pork with pineapple), steak and chicken. We also had the fish. There was no problem getting it grilled rather than fried. The tacos are a little on the small side but had a good amount of meat. 3 made a nice lunch. 
The decor is pretty cool at this location. It's like a 60s Rec room or an old school corner diner. There's a bar area and tables. 
Follow on social media for to hear about $1 taco nightsGreat little place in West Philly. A bit loud when crowed, otherwise is perfect for some delicious Mexican meal...Nachos are HUGE. Margaritas have the kick  you are looking for....Loco west is normally spot on but latest visit for dollar tacos left a lot to be desired. The hostess said there'd be a 30-35 minute wait and took over an hour to seat a party of 3. She never apologized or checked in to give an update. The server gave us an issue when we requested the habanero salsa. It was just a terrible experience. I sent an email to Joanna their from end manager but no response. Says a lot about their customer service. They're conveniently located down the street from my home but I won't be going back anytime soon.My wife and I went here on a rainy Saturday night, and it was a little bit loud  but a good refuge from the storm.  I had a Carne Asada Burrito which was tasty and filling, not too spicy, but then there were four hot sauces in the bucket they dropped onto our table.  The enchilada with chicken was also good, and we felt that we had a good meal as expected from a Tex-Mex tyoe of restaurant.  It was not outstanding, but quite good, and the place got quieter after about eight o'clock.So happy the West Philly location now has brunch hours so I decided to try before my friends next visit and am glad I did! It was busy when I arrived, but was able to sit at small table. The brunch menu had breakfast items and also Mexican fare. The bar was open and they seem to have a big selection of tequila and other spirits as well ad several beers.  The Mexican food is what I came for. Brunch has Tacos\Burritos\Quesadillas. Tacos are sold individually so you can pick n choose a variety but, Quesadillas come 3 per order. They have 3 Vegetarian\Vegan  options: Soy chorizo, Mushroom or Seitan spinach. I chose the latter as Quesadillas. The platter comes with lettuce\tomato\crema to eat by itself or add to your food. It was flavorful and yummy to me. I did not add any salsa. It was also filling. This establishment is Cash only but they have ATM inside.  I will return with friends and by myself.This place is a really mediocre take on Mexican food. The prices are high for what you get and the flavor doesn't pop like you get from great Mexican food. It's a bit pretentious and feels out of place in the neighborhood. If you want good Mexican food, look elsewhere. If you want a cash only bar in a relatively nice setting, this is your place.Been here 4 times now and it's always good, but not great. The drinks are quite good. The tacos are stuffed but on a couple of occasions it seemed obvious that the shrimp and fish are cooked well in advance and then thrown into a taco at room temperature. Room temperature fried food isn't great. The mushroom tacos are very flavorful though! And the spicy drinks and bloody Mary options are worth it.We just went on Wednesday and had a great time. We made it fit happy hour which is always a plus! We ordered house margaritas and a couple of the Special Taco of the day(carnitas)The drinks were tasty and the tacos were great! This is definitely a repeat and a great local neighborhood spot!Pretty popular place on Baltimore Ave/West Philly area. When we came on a Friday night (party of 2) we were just lucky to get a table by the window. The prices for this place are great, cheaper than Distrito by 40th st. Food came out super quick too. I got tacos al pastor which were delicious! However, I wish the taco tortilla was slightly bigger in size. Its hard to eat a taco with a lot of meat and a small tortilla. 
Drinks are super strong which is always a plus! I can usually go for 2+, but here one was plenty. Definitely get a margarita! 
Great place for a date, but definitely not the first date. It tends to be a bit noisy. However, great place for a friend hang out spot. I wish it was advertised that its cash only! Also, keep checking their insta, for $1 taco deals.I went with a friend last weekend and sat at the bar. We got the house margs which were pretty good. I tried the pez taco and the mushroom taco. The pez was a little bland. Possibly bc I ordered it without the cheese. The mushroom was interesting. I'm not sure how I felt about the texture and taste of the mushroom mixture. Also, This is another place that puts their salsas/sauces in squeeze bottles which skeeves me out. That being said- I'll go back again. I liked the vibe and would like to give some other menu items a chance.Super low-key, chill (**Cash only!!**) spot with great food and excellent drinks. The first time I visited, I got tacos, a classic marg, and nachos. The nachos were great - the tacos and marg were just OK. However, the second time I went, I got the soy chorizo enchilada, which is AMAZING!! I have since then gotten the soy chorizo enchilada again as well as the shrimp enchilada. The Monte Carlo and Coupe de Ville are really great - some of my favorite drinks ever! The prices are super fair and the portions are big. Totally recommend this place, but just know that you can't reserve and the space is small so during weekend nights, it gets crowded and may warrant a wait.This place was suggested to me by a coworker, so my cousin and myself went to try it. I did read the reviews before had but we decided to go and judge for ourselves. I gave 1 star for the margaritas they were awesome and 1 star for the nachos other than that the food was bland no seasoning whatsoever not ever the guacamole sigh. We both order the chimichanga she had chicken I had shrimp both of our chimichangas were doughy not crispy at all, in that case I would have gotten a burrito. The rice and pico was good, we probably would go back for the margaritas and go somewhere else to eat. The staff was pleasant though.This is most definitely the best place to eat tacos in the Philadelphia area. It is never a let down.  My husband and I were casually walking down Baltimore Ave and stumbled on this place looking for lunch. We came in, and the hostess was friendly and seated us immediately. Our server was knowledgeable and was able to recommend things and was also very attentive. We ordered the Gamacho tacos and the tamarind wings... I think I'm pregnant because I literally cried it was so good. I wish I was joking, it was a long day lol.  Anyway, since that day, My husband, our daughter and I have been coming here once a week, no exaggeration. And it's always a hit.If possible, I wish giving the place 0 stars was an option. When entering, the server was very unwelcoming. She gave us booth that had the seating pushed very closely together (I couldn't even fit through). We asked for another booth and she was very angry and tossed our waters onto the next table we were being seated at this spilling it all over the table. My friend helped wiped the spill and that threw her over the edge. She took a rag and just harshly wiped then stormed off into the kitchen leaving us speechless. My seat has water all over it but at this point my friends just said to ignore it, ice cubes all over the floor. Our food took a while to come. Also, as terrible as the service. We should have known better. The drinks were awful particularly this marg that came with a cinnamon rim. We ordered 2 chimichangas: one veggie and one fish. The fish one had hard over cooked fish that was barely in the meal. When opening it with a knife you can barely see any of the fish rather just lots of beans. I hardly ate anything and the server never asked if it was good or not. My friend's was BURNT. Pictures attached.Loco Pez is always popping. Is it because of the yummy $4 happy hour margaritas, which you can get on a Sunday afternoon?
Those are what bring me to Loco Pez anyway.I thought the food was good overall. I went on a night where they had one dollar tacos. I thought it was a very good deal but I thought the tacos lacked in flavor. I do have very high expectations expectations as I did live in Mexico but I still have had better Mexican food in the city.I went to Loco Pez on 11/18/19 with my sister and my daughter. Our server was friendly and attentive. We ordered the nachos and they were huge, definitely a shareable starter. They had all the elements of a fantastic tasty dish. Cheesy, crispy nachos with jalapeño, sour cream and we got chicken on it. Oh my I could have just had that, but I heard the tacos were good so I had to stop eating the delicious nachos and get to the tacos I ordered. I got the shrimp taco and chicken taco. The shrimp taco was good but not enough shrimp for me, but it was really tasty and it had like a slaw, I think  but it was really good. The chicken taco was just as tasty  and let me tell you it was "finger licking good." We went around 11:30ish and we were able to sit immediately, I say that because in the evening I have seen a line out the door. My sister lives in the area and she said that this was the first time she's been there and didn't have to wait to sit. I'm not sure if you have to wait to be seated, because my sister was already seated when we got there, we sat at a booth comfortably, but they did have tables. If you like Spanish inspired food, try this place and take a couple people with you for those nachos. One thing, my daughter got chicken tacos also, and she thought it wasn't seasoned enough. Try it for yourself. Sorry I don't have any pictures, I was too busy eating. But there are pictures of the huge place of nachos
Prices were good, we spent around $40.00 (no drinks) and the tip.Fantastic meal and great happy hour. The nachos were a great price for happy hour and heaped with generous portions of all toppings. I got a variety of tacos for dinner. The pez was my favorite. Definitely explore the salsa options to top off the tacos... They can be a little bland and dry otherwise. Excited to return!The food here reminds me of school cafeteria food- very little flavor. The decor is cute and the location is convenient, but I just couldn't believe how bad the food was.(9/1919)
Came for lunch.
Gave this place a 2nd chance...
Fried chicken sandwich - the chicken was very thin, therefore felt like a small sandwich.  French fries were the waffle kind, however, it wasn't warm.  Def wasn't worth $10.  
Would I come back? NopeI need to update. I think because I was there with my kid on an early week night I didn't get the full vibe of Loco Pez. I was there tonight, sitting at the bar with my friend and I think I got it. It serves a good purpose in the neighborhood...queer friendly, diverse, eclectic...really good stuff. The bartender wasn't that friendly but it didn't deter me from noticing how cool this place is ( the hostess was LOVELY). My nachos were huge and good and my friend's burrito was tasty. Anyway, I think I have found a good place to sit at the bar with decent food in a cool place and have really well-made margaritas. (Prepared by the unfriendly bartender so there's a positive). I'll definitely be back.Let me start by saying I don't think I am their target audience. Let that be kept in mind as my review might reflect that. 
Sweet spot, good lighting, a welcomed addition (in my opinion) to Baltimore Ave. Our service was good.
 Average food: Mushroom taco (just okay, not very flavorful and really no technique to bring out the flavor of the mushroom)
Chorizo taco: Same. Nothing really delicious. Just okay. There was supposed to be potato in it but I couldn't find it or taste it.
Shrimp taco: My favorite of the three. The shrimp was flavored nicely and the slaw on top added flavor and texture. 
My twelve -year -old ordered the chili dog. I took a bite and it was pretty tasty. Delicious hotdog and flavorful chili. 
But the star of the evening was the happy hour nachos. They were loaded with cheese, beans, jalapeño peppers and all that's gooey and good. The five dollar happy hour margaritas were also on point. 
We arrived a little after 5 and by 6 it was full. Good place for happy hour. Just  know that the nachos, in my opinion, are a meal for two which makes a happy hour visit a nice, cheap, good experience. Had we known that, there would have been no need for tacos.My favorite place in west philly. Margs are strong and delicious, tacos are perfect and the ambiance is on point. You can't beat these prices, their taco and margarita non happy hour price is about the same as other happy hours I've seen around the city. Love this place so much! Those $5 nachos can mend any hard day.Very clean and enjoyable atmosphere! One guy bartender was extremely rude and aggressive for no reason as if my friend and I did something to him. Besides his customer service skills it's a good place!!Can you give negative stars? Im not quite sure why someone goes aggressively out of their way to not serve food and drinks, at a restaurant. It was one of the strangest experiences ever. Why hate me because I want to eat and drink. Bizarre.Great  drink and food specials, great atmosphere. Takeout is convenient as well as they have a separate space dedicated to it so you don't have to fight through all the diners to get your food.I just ate here for the first time this afternoon for a late lunch. It wasn't that busy, and there wasn't anyone at the front to greet me or other customers who came in. After about a minute, I was told I could "just sit anywhere." I ended up being asked later to move to a smaller table (which was no big deal, but maybe don't tell your customers to "sit anywhere" when that may not be the case...also, other customers who came in after were greeted and taken to a table). The food didn't take long to come out and it was decent. I got three different tacos (chicken, steak, and pork) and used a couple of the hot sauces they brought out. Not amazing, but good, especially for the price. However, it took forever for the wait person to bring me my check...like at least 15-20 minutes AFTER I finished eating. It looked like they were slightly short staffed, but I kinda felt like I was being ignored. Not a good experience. So, come for the food (and maybe the drinks)...but don't count on great customer service.It's so sincerely a white person's version of a taco joint and it's greatness lies in its acceptance of this, while still attempting somewhat authentic tacos. The decor: white people ship paintings, piñatas, Christmas lights and cowboy hats. They even have a signature taco, the Gabacho Taco. gabacho is Spanish slang for English speaking non-Hispanic.its literally just a hard shell ground beef taco. Perfectly nostalgic and Americanized deliciousness. 
Authentic Mexican this is not, but great margaritas and tasty tacos? Look no further.Great Margarita and fresh salsa. Unfortunately the volcano burrito caused Mount Vesuvius all night in my bowels. My husband commented that it looked like I was eating paint, so I'm not sure why I continued. But I did and I paid for it.I come to Loco Pez all the time!! Great food, friendly service, good prices on happy hour. If you follow them on Instagram they post once a week for $1 taco day. The Margaritas on happy hour are $4 or $5 and the nachos are amazing for $5. I have never had a bad time here so I'm shocked by some of the reviews saying this place isn't great. If you get there At 5 for happy hour or any time after, you might have to wait for a table but usually within a half hour max!Taco Tuesday here is amazing! They're like small plate type nachos, but they're delicious and filling if you purchase 4 or so. The happy hour nachos can't be beat. Seriously some of the best nachos I've ever had. You know how you tell yourself the item is good enough for happy hour prices but you can't imagine paying the regular price? Well, those nachos are so delicious that they're worth it when you order them when it isn't happy hour. 
FYI, if you add or try to substitute condiments, there will be an additional fee. Be prepared for that. Maybe this doesn't happen during "regular" hours, but I've only been there during happy hour or Taco Tuesday, and it happened at those times.It's an average "cantina" with a decor that is just as confusing as the fact that they are cash only. Dry pork in the al pastor and basic, overall.Day after Christmas tacos and Margs and there was only one waiter, Adam, I just want to say he crushed it! The food is always great so compliments to the chef too. Service was astounding for the level of understaffing. Thank you guys, so stoked yous finally made it to this side of the schuylk!Their dollar tacos and happy hour deals are the main draw. Outside of these times, I've found the food to be slightly pricey for what you get. It's Mexican food served in a hip environment - there's definitely a target demographic in this area, and it's translated well from their original location to this one. This area of West Philly has also been badly in need of more taco joints, and the crowds waiting outside the first few weeks is testament to that. They're also at a prime location on Balitmore Ave, which makes it a great place to get drinks and the food to go with the occasion.My food (tacos) was served to me cold. There was only about one or two other people in the entire restaurant the entire time me and my husband were there but our server was nowhere to be seen for about half an hour after my food was served so I was unable to make a complaint and ended up eating the cold food. My second drink arrived in a filthy glass, partially covered in lipstick. Our waitress was respectful about the egregiousness of the filthiness of glass, but it took her a really long time to come to the table after giving me the drink so it I sat there with a gross and undrinkable drink for about 15 minutes before I was able to get her attention. Once the bill came we didn't see anybody from the staff again for at least 30 min so I eventually got up andI asked for change at the bar. Because of this, it took a needlessly long time for me to pay and leave. Overall , the experience was mediocre at best but super expensive like it was a premium experience.My wife and i came for lunch and the food was great our server was fast and courteous ( Rubin). We also enjoyed  the cold drinks! This was  our first time here, from one West Philadelphia Business to another this place is good!Wow. Not good. Lol just arrived in town and checking out my old neighborhood, spotted this place and we decided to stop and get a late night bite. Place was crowded which confused me because the food really isn't good. Had the fried shrimp and the Mahi mahi tacos. The meat tasted like what you'd buy in the boxes in the freezer section of the market. Waitstaff are friendly.A friend was visiting from San Francisco and we were hungry. It was Labor Day weekend so our choices were pretty slim and we really didn't want to venture out to Center City. So...I decided to take him to my easy and reliable neighborhood go-to, Dock Street. BUT they were closed! Argh! 
So we decided to walk down Baltimore Avenue to see what other options we had. We approached Loco Pez and I had remembered they had just opened, so we decided to give it a try. The space inside is cute...not too big but also not too small. When we walked in, there were quite a few patrons inside, which was good to see. 
We were seated and brought waters. The menu is pretty standard with the regular options - tacos, burritos, enchiladas, and the fancier fusion-y options. They also have a decent bar menu. 
What we ordered: chips and guac to start, me - 3 carne asada tacos, him - carne asada taco, shrimp taco, and 2 others...can't remember what now lol. Now...we are both California natives so we are pretty snobby when it comes to good Mexican food. We thought everything was OK...not great...but also not terrible. I guess I thought my carne asada tacos were a bit bland and so was the guac. But if I had to choose between food being too bland or too salty, I would choose the first. 
Anyways, they give you a basket full of various sauces that was cool...and some were decent. We also had some beers with our food. The guests sitting next to us had some fancier cocktails and they said that they were pretty good. So maybe next time I'll give a margarita a try. Being pretty close, I'd give them another try if I was in the mood.We ate at Loco Pez and had their mediocre nachos. However we didn't like how sweet our pitcher of margaritas tasted so we asked for a new one. The server asked us to pour our margaritas into the SAME pitcher so they "wouldn't have to get us new glasses" and then we watched them pour water and tequila into the SAME pitcher that we had just poured our old nasty margaritas in... and then GASLIGHTED US and told us that they didn't just add to the old trash pitcher when we told them what we saw and asked for a fresh new pitcher. Anyways we ate here weekly and it was sad and gross being treated like that. Won't be going back.This so a pretty high energy spot. It has a Center City feel, but less stuffy. We sat at the bar, had a couple of salads (sorry, I forgot to take pics) they were good tho. I wasn't pleased with my shrimp, they were supposed to be grilled, but they weren't. I mentioned it to the bartender and she got me more shrimp (they weren't grilled either but she got an A+ for effort). The drinks were good and service was great. She even took the shrimps off the bill. I was impressed and pleased. Would def come back, I want to try the nachos (they looked delicious)!A great addition to the West Philly dining scene. It was exactly what we expected: tasty Americanized Mexican food. We had some pretty amazing nachos (subbed black beans for refried and added avocado), and the carnitas tacos were delicious, moist and crunchy. Add solid margaritas and pleasant service, and you have a place we'll be returning to often!Great atmosphere; cheap, delicious food; and refreshing beverages. What more can a girl ask for? The carne asada tacos had well seasoned meat, and their hot sauce selection is spot on. Just be prepared for the fact that this is a cash-only joint.I really wanted to love this place. I tried twice. *plays tiny violin*
PROS:
The happy hour margaritas are tasty and a great deal, and the happy hour nachos are tasty after 2 margaritas.
The bartenders are great - good service - fast but careful (at the bar!).
CONS:
The food is really mediocre. REALLY mediocre. Even a basic taco is pretty forgettable. 
The acoustics are unbearable. This place is LOUD. Do not take your HOH fam or anyone who is sensitive to noise - it's very difficult to hear unless someone's right up in your ear (which, tbh, is probably more likely after the tequila).
It's great for a few quick happy hour drinks; I'm glad I've learned.I have been twice and each time the service was lackluster. You feel rushed. The music is mindless and corny.  Didn't understand what vibe this place was supposed to have. Drinks were decent but food was just so so for the wait staff to be so blah. Not to mention it is cash only.  Maybe hit the happy hour but other than that not worth it.Mediocre food, mediocre service. An overall meh experience. You'd probably fair well going for happy hour but anything more than that I'd pass.First off ... service is poor . I had to basically follow the hostess around to get seated . It took them forever to clean off 2 seats at the bar . The restaurant is also Cash Only . Kind of annoying . They should put it on the front door.
But Once we were seated, service became better . 
 The bartender tended to us a lot and even gave me a free margarita. The drinks were awesome and got the job done. The prices were also pretty good. 
The food was really good and priced reasonably. I recommend the taco salad . So freaking good. I even put some salsa verde on it for an extra kick. 
Overall, this place is pretty good and I will be coming back. The neighborhood feel is really unique and there's a few late night spots across the street.So get some food and go party. But they really need to work on their service.We have been here several times, and until tonight I would have given it a fairly decent review. But average it with the 0 they get tonight, and they deserve a 1.  
Tonight, my husband and I went at 10:30 for the pretty good healthy portioned nachos.(if you go, we recommend asking for black beams instead of refried even though it's not on the menu).  But tonight the hostess wouldn't let two gay guys sit at a table, only at the counter.  She said that the 4 empty booths were being held in case parties with more than 2 people showed up...no there weren't any reservations and several straight couples appeared to be enjoying their meals alone in several of the booths.  Perhaps they were seated before 10:30 and that's when their rules change. Or perhaps they wanted the place to look fuller by hanging us sit at the counter in the window. Don't know if it was management's request or if the hostess decided this on her own. She sure didn't seem happy to still be there as she told us shea usually gets off at 9.  We have never before felt homophobia there so we can only hope that this wasn't the source of the poor service.Maybe I was overly anticipating my taste for Mexican today..but I don't think so. Perhaps they ran out of seasoning, or just forgot to add it today, or maybe they were never taught how to season food. Everything was bland. They need more servers or a separate bartender other than the only server working. Please know this is a cash only establishment. The vibe of the place was nice though.I go here religiously. The burritos and margaritas are so good!
My favorite burrito is the al pastor and the classic marg is incredibleWe went for happy hour at Loco Pez, which was a good time.
Margaritas were great. 
Tacos were mediocre (2 stars).
Ambience was nice and vibrant.this place sucks, bad tacos, bad salsa, bad tortillas, bad tortilla chips. tacos are hardly even worth a dollar. offered free face painting of "sugar skulls" on dia de Los muertos. My Mexican ancestors were rolling in their graves. 
I guess it's okay as a bar? but you could also just go to the barn down the street and get a $2 pbr and surprisingly MUCH better tacos.Decent food if you end up going on dollar taco night. Otherwise overpriced for tiny tacos. 
Cash only in 2020? No credit cards or virtual pay They are nice in that they gladly had an atm 
Though it's posted cash only I am surprised and disappointed of this and will not go back.Loco Pez is cool- It's trendy and fun for a happy hour. They nachos are yum and a generous portion. Also the margarita flavors are fun. Brunch options are great and weekends there's a good crowd without waiting forever.
Is it authentic ? No- not really but you'll a good meal and friendly staff.Super tasty with generous portions for the tacos! I had remembered them smaller but they must have made them a bit bigger for COVIDGreat food, great happy hour prices. If you had a hard day at work and want a good drink to unwind and get a buzz DO NOT GET THE MARGARITA...there's no liquor In it!! The bartenders suck. Drink beer only! Or shots! Save your coins and go down to the fish town location the drinks are stellar ask for Ruben one of phillys best  bartenders!!Not only is this restaurant so beautiful inside but it also has super affordable with good food! Their happy hour is 5-7 and we got a whole pitcher for $20, half off nachos, so many tacos. They also had a bunch of vegan options which was great for my plant based friends. The staff was super attentive, sweet, and I am so happy to have this spot in my neighborhood!3 stars because the food is really good. I love the OG Loco Pez in Fishtown and enjoyed the West Philly location as well, so I was stoked when a new location was opening up within walking distance. Been here a few times. Everything has been decent. But I have one gripe and please hear me out. If someone asks for a margarita WITHOUT salt, please do not put salt on the rim. And if salt is accidentally put on the rim, do not try to wipe it off with a napkin and serve it to your customers. This happened to me recently and it's gross. I hate salt on the rim. It's repulsive. I couldn't finish the margarita. I should have sent it back. Also wiping the salt off instead of just asking the bartender to make a new one is pretty lazy. What if someone has an allergy? Just something to note for the future. Tacos still remain legit in my book.Solid place with a fun vibe.  Not best Mexican I've had, but by no means the worst.  Will likely return if back on that side of town.  Remember to bring dat cash.I live a few blocks from here and LOVE this place! The lines are long (which means popular!) but they are always available for a pickup order and take no more than 15 minutes. I do agree that it is hit or miss, the al pastor is definitely a miss here, but loco pez does have some delicious options. 
In my experience, the carne asada is my favorite. As a taco, as a quesadilla. So so delicious. And they do not skimp you on the meat! Two dinners worth for $8 you cannot beat that! Also, definitely get guacamole. This is by far the best guac I've ever had. 
Love this place! A new local favoriteClassic margaritas are good and I LOVE their nachos (esp at HH when they're only $5) but the rest of the menu doesn't thrill me. Nothing bad about it just not memorable. I want to like their flavored margaritas more because I love spicy and other variations on margs but just didn't love theirs. That said, Mexican style in philly is slim pickings so I still come here all the time. It's solid.My experience with Loco Pez was outstanding. The food, service, and atmosphere were all great. We went for dinner and started with a pitcher of the classic margarita. It was a generous portion size and tasted handmade (unlike many other Mexican restaurants!). For dinner, we had a sampling of many different tacos. All of them were delicious, but my favorite was the Gabacho Taco which took me right back to my childhood. Our server was very attentive, kind, and knowledgable about the menu. I am so happy to have this place nearby for my (very frequent) taco cravings!Had a great first meal at the new Loco Pez on Saturday night. Strong and tasty margaritas. The nachos and tacos were great too. Quesadillas could have been a little cheesier and crispier. Will definitely return. Welcome to the neighborhood!The Mexican food here is pretty good, but the hidden gem here are their waffles. They don't use a mix and they cook them perfectly. Easily some of the best breakfast waffles in the city.Been pumped for this place to open for years. Love the look of the place and the happy hour deals are worth it. But why is all of the food so cold? I have had nachos where the cheese is not even a little bit melted. Burritos with cold fillins. Cold tacos. Rooting for this place but they have to heat up the ovens in the kitchen! Go for a drink but I can't endorse the food unless you're planning on bringing it home to heat it up yourself.My favorite Mexican restaurant in the city is finally in Graduate Hospital! Finding a good west-coast style Mexican place is difficult in these parts, but the food was great and the same as their fishtown location! Service was fine, they are new so I'm sure they'll iron things out. But I'll be there every week for the delicious, authentic, reasonably-priced food!I'm pretty obsessed with Loco Pez. Not only are the margaritas  ~perfect~ but their tacos, nachos, and all around aesthetic keep me coming back. Any time someone asks for a taco recommendation, this place is the top of the list. The GardHo location has this awesome mid-century meets 70s vibe that I really dig and feels like you're in someone's living room, which is real cozy. Highly recommend!I checked out the Loco Pez in Fishtown before which was great and randomly ended up at this one. Food itself was pretty good but service was subpar and I've never been so thirsty in my life afterwards. 
Decor is really nice and much more spacious than the fishtown one. Nice upstairs space too. Relatively simple menu which was easy to navigate. Nice tequila selection. We had a pitcher of margarita for the table (They never asked which one we want so I assume we got the classic?). For the first time ever I heard people complain about a margarita. VERY sour. Couldn't taste the tequila at all either (which I guess is a good thing). We considered saying something and asking for a redo but between the 6 of us we just finished it. 
Taco prices are actually pretty reasonable which is my main complaint about this sort of mexican place. Good amount of food and it was pretty good. Had the chorizo and potato enchiladas and mushroom quesadillas. Come with rice and beans and lettuce and nice salsas for the table. Pretty flavorful and a good amount of food. The mushrooms were my favorite. 
Service, especially for the check, extra chips, and change, was super slow. Unfortunate since we were 1 of 2 tablets upstairs so it couldn't have been that hard to notice us...
Surprisingly good food, reasonable prices and a nice decor. Eh drinks and meh service. A reasonable place to check out but if you want better food head to the Italian market and if you want better drinks and service head to center city.The new Loco Pez location does not disappoint! Went there for a get together last night with 8 friends. Service was great, drinks were strong, and the food was delicious! The nachos are amazing - seriously huge portions. They have a good selection of vegan and vegetarian options as well.  Definitely a must try.Went in for $1 taco night and it did not disappoint. Our server was awesome, drinks were delicious and those tacos were so damn goodDidn't eat here because of the very rude service from the host. Arrived at 6:30 pm Saturday night and told there would be at least a 40 minute wait, even though it was not crowded and there were at least 3 tables open. We put our names in and went to Ten Stone down the street for a beer, within 10 minutes we received a text saying our table was ready. We asked if we could finish our drinks, close out and be there in 15 minutes, they said they would not hold the table for more than 10 minutes. We asked if we could call back in 20 minutes to add our names to the end of the list and were told very rudely "You're basically asking us to make a reservation and we don't do that here", which is not at all what we were asking. We called back once we finished our drinks at Ten Stone to see what the wait was. We were told there was a 45 minute wait. We asked if there were currently any openings at the bar so we could wait and were, again, rudely told "bar seating is first come, first serve and we don't take reservations"and hung up on. We decided to stay at Ten Stone where there was friendly service.Even though Bruce Willis delivered the biggest disappointment since I came out to my father, the food and service were acceptable enough to make me want to be around people. I didn't see any rats.MUY excited to have a Loco Pez in Graduate Hospital! The food was great as expected, but the '80s So-Cal diner vibe was a surprise and one reason why I'm looking forward to going back.
We ordered pretty standard fare of chips & guac, chicken quesadillas, beef burritos, y dos marg pitchers. I decided to go with someone who hails from Orange County and is snobby about it, so it was tough to get them to admit that Philly has good Mexican. But they inhaled the burrito in under five minutes and then proceeded to eat most of my quesadilla, so I think Loco Pez has a seal of approval from a bona fide, Vans-wearing, suburban-LA kid. 
*FYI- CASH ONLY and it's not cheap! One pitcher of margaritas is $30- so if you're a lush just keep in mind you may end up spending $60+ on drinks alone.Loved the decor inside, made me feel like I was in the 70's. The classic margarita was great! I'm a picky margarita drinker...and this one was right up my alley. The food was ok, not bad not great. We got gauc, chicken quesadilla, mushroom tacos...tacos are tiny street taco size, the mushroom tacos did not impress me. Guacamole was average as well as the chicken quesadilla. Although I loved the ambiance to this place, I would def return...for margaritas and would like to give those nachos a try.Food was excellent!  We had 3 adults in our party and we all ordered burritos with different choices of meat.  No complaints given by any of us!  The steak was more like roast and very good!  Only available seating was upstairs which was somewhat of a challenge with one child in a boot due to an injured ankle and another in a car seat with the stairway being narrow and traffic going up and down.  Wait staff was very friendly and attentive!This is where my boyfriend feels the need to go any time he visits. The food And staff are phenomenal, today I walked away with the wrong burrito for take out and they were so quick and wonderful. Can not say enough great things about themLoco pez is a go to for take out, but the service is disappointing whenever I go in person. It seems like they need to staff another server or two to keep up. I have waited for 30+ minutes after being seated to even be acknowledged. Hoping things pick up post-pandemic.I love Loco Pez. 
Their food is incredible, especially the Al Pastor. 
I strongly recommend going to North Philly or even West Philly. Both locations have a great, friendly staff. South Philly, however, I have not seen such ignorance to an entire room of customers as I did here. The older, tattooed, ponytail loser working the bar and restaurant showed me, my friends, as well as the entire bar and tables the worst, most ignorant service I've ever seen. Not only was it offensive to my friends, but we saw multiple customers leave because of his attitude, and the tables around us were all talking about it. 
Every table in the room had to go above and beyond just to get their check. Couples on dates were turned off by his bad attitude. It almost made my food taste bad. 
I've never seen a waiter utter not a single word in response when asked a question or an order. 
Very very rude and poor customer service. Just a miserable moody man that makes this entire environment unwelcoming.This place had the worst service I've received in the past fourteen years living in Philadelphia/graduate hospital. My wife and I went with another couple and were seated, ignored for nearly an hour at the beginning, ignored before getting our food order, and ignored getting our checks at the end. I think they actually completely forgot we existed because we were outside and around the corner. Our tacos were mixed up and came out on the wrong plates, and our server patronizingly said no when we asked if he could just place the plates down for us to figure it out on our own. The tacos were STILL wrong and we were missing one. When I went and told them I was missing a taco order, they brought out another WRONG taco order. When I told them the wrong taco order was brought out, they fumbled around and never got the message for at least thirty minutes. They finally brought out the correct order, apologized and offered a free margarita which I accepted. I never received this free margarita. There is a mandatory 20% tip on every order and they did not earn a penny's worth of it from this level of service.The manager or whoever was rude. I called to ask when the kitchen closes and told them I'd come in. When I got there, the same person told me they were not doing seating anymore. When I tried to bring up the conversation over the phone, she made a face at me. She did not show empathy for me, or try to do something, or said sorry for the miscommunication. I like the food here and eat here very often, but I won't come back anymore unless they change this employee's attitude. (Visited 9 pm. on June 10, 2021)My new go-to Mexican delivery. Full transparency it is not authentic Mexican more so Tex Mex but I still enjoy. Their waffle fries absolutely slap. I usually get tacos - shrimp, mahi mahi, chicken tinga are my go-to's. My coworker got a chicken quesadilla and do not recommend they were disgusting legit. Don't do it. They also send chips and salsa with their deliveries! I use caviar!!!Great service! Delicious margaritas! Chicken Tinga Enchiladas were outstanding. Will go back!First of all, delivery from Loco Pez is lightening fast...and they include free chips and salsa. You really can't beat that!
We ordered a variety of tacos - beef, mahi-mahi, chicken and steak. All were good and I like that they have hard shell options.
While we liked the tacos and ate every bite, Pez is not our go-to taco joint, as Philly has some better options. The beef was missing something - spice maybe? 
Overall, I'd like to dine-in at Loco Pez to get the full experience, but I probably won't order delivery again. Worth a try though.I went with a friend, and the tacos were good! They have three different vegetarian protein/filling options, and almost all the proteins are gluten free. There are some other places that are still my favorites (the tacos here were a little small...), but I liked their outdoor seating, and the staff was very accommodating.I really do love Loco Pez but the service lately has been hit or miss. I understand that it is post-pandemic and wait staff is short so I'm hoping it picks back up eventually. There have been a few times where I had to wait a really long time to even place a drink order upon sitting down. The margaritas are strong and pretty delicious. I'm a big fan of their tacos. They are small street tacos so definitely order a few!Went to loco pez for the first yesterday. Decided to go with two friends for happy hour. They don't have a happy hour menu posted online nor do they have one in the restaurant which seems odd. I was told about happy hour here by another friend. I asked our waitress who was very polite about happy hour and she informed me of the specials. We decided to go with a margarita pitcher. The margarita was good however a little strong. The pitcher was $20. We shared the nachos which were half price. The nachos were good and only $5 and a very large portion. Then they also had all tacos $1. I tried one of the al pastor tacos and it was good. I would visit again.The margs are cheap, strong, and large. If that is what you are looking for, this is the place for you. All the margs taste the same though, don't bother getting the different flavors, because they all just taste very spirit-forward. 
The tacos in this restaurant are average, not spectacular (there are definitely better tacos in Philly), but pretty good. After trying all the tacos on the menu, my favorites are the Al Pastor and Shrimp Tacos.
Great happy hour place. I would come back with friends, but I wouldn't actively suggest we eat here.I absolutely love the cozy, retro decor.  I ordered a traditional margarita and it didn't disappoint. I recommend the chorizo tacos is you like a little spice.  The wings were unique - very lime/zesty and the nachos were stacked high. 
Service was excellent and we had a fun, knowledgeable barkeep upstairs.  She knows her margaritas!  We ordered each and every kind on the menu.  I will be back again and often!Love the outdoor dining area. The waitress was amazing and super friendly. We went on a Monday night and the restaurant was pretty busy but we got a table outside right away. Food was fresh and came out fast. I got a chicken burrito and it was loaded. Chips were also delicious. They have a Smokey chipotle sauce that is to die for. Would 100% come back on my next trip to Philly.They're taking credit card right now, and have a number of picnic tables outside for outdoor dining. Great tacos, the carne asada is juicy and well seasoned. Burrito was solid too. Make sure you ask for salsa, tasty verde, roja, and chipotle. Overall, awesome addition to the neighborhood.Went to the new, much anticipated Loco Pez in Grad Hospital on Friday after work for a drink and an appetizer. It was crowded, but we were able to snag two seats at the upstairs bar. The decor would match that of my imaginary abuela's living room, which is pretty cool. 
Happy hour ran from 5-7 and featured half off drafts, $4 margs, and a discounted nacho. We stuck with a couple margs and the nachos with carnitas. The margs were good and the nachos were a great size and well topped with the usuals - peppers, sour cream, carnitas, cheese, and refried beans. 
I look forward to coming back for dinner and getting a burrito, which looked awesome on someone's plate. The table seating situation appeared to be very kid friendly as well.I was pretty excited about this place. It is the newest addition to the Graduate Hospital area (and I also live like 4 blocks away). They have a packed downstairs as well as an upstairs area that is well decorated and feels like a hip home. It's still fairly new, but if you want to come here - you should definitely make reservations. The reason I gave this place 2 stars is mainly because of the food. I ordered a burrito the first time, which was relatively cheap (on the order of 10 dollars), but it was just very bland and uninspired. The drinks were good (we got a pitcher of their house margarita), but the food just weighed the whole experience down. Overall, I'm excited that we have a new mexican spot close by, but hopefully their menu will improve as they get settled.This place was such a gem to find in the neighborhood. I had always wanted to try this place, but had never had the opportunity. The food here was so good and the service was excellent! We got our food to-go and the host was so friendly and helpful. My mom is extremely picky and even she was happy with her meal. She tried the shrimp tacos and I went with the chicken tinga bowl. The salsa was so fresh and there was guac included in my bowl (YES). I will definitely be returning soon!Recently visited Loco Pez and had a solid experience, as usual. The outdoor seating is an excellent addition.
As others have stated, they now accept credit cards. 20% automatically added to the bill which is cool with me. This was not a surprise as it is on the menu before you order. Now you no longer have to do math while you're closing out your tab.Wow. The best experience! From Angie to David, I've never felt more taken care of, and everything is so yummy! Incredible service, five star menu, and great, fun people. Absolute best time I've had at a restaurant in a long time.  :)This is my favorite taco spot in Grad Hospital and the city so far!  The gabacho tacos are my absolute favorite but I've also enjoyed the quesadillas, nachos and can never resists ordering Guac and a margarita. The chips are homemade and are irresistible.  I would say I order in or go in for dinner every other week.Local fave! Authentic margaritas made with lime juice, tequila and simple syrup - not too sweet. Excellent food and flavorful, well seasoned tender meatsI have been wanting to try Loco Pez for a while now and the pandemic definitely put a damper on my plans. We ordered nachos, a burrito, and the arugula salad - all were delicious! The nachos were enough for two people and really good, the salad was exactly what I needed to balance out the nachos and the burrito had soy chorizo in it and was delicious. 
I will definitely visit this place in person once it's safe to but for now, I'll be ordering delivery!My boyfriend and I stopped in yesterday for a quick bite and a drink. I got a drink and we shared the nachos. The nachos were DELICIOUS. Unfortunately, my drink was not so delicious. Our waitress was very attentive and asked how everything turned out (including my drink). I lied and said it was fine because I felt bad and hate being that person. After we devoured our nachos our waitress came back and noticed I barely made a dent in my drink, she knew I didn't like it lol. Without any hesitation, she apologized and took it off our bill. Amazing customer service, awesome ambience, and delicious food. Can't wait to come back and try more things on the menu!!Understandable that restaurants are struggling with how to navigate in the time of COVID, but when I place a pick up order at 11:30 am to be scheduled for 6:45 pm, I should not be waiting 3 hours to be told that I won't even be receiving my order. Not only that, but I can't cancel the order either because the online system has marked it as "completed". 
Shame on you for taking advantage of paying customers.I was so excited this restaurant came to our neighborhood. The first time I went the flavors were fine but the food was cold. I thought it was a fluke. I went a second time and the same thing happened. My friend and I went recently and she had to send her meal back due to cold rice inside her burrito. They warmed it but made a big deal about how unusual a request this was. I really want to love this place and hope they make the simple change of warming their food to above room temperature.I went to Loco Pez for the first time today and had a wonderful experience. The food was really good and reasonably priced and the service was amazing. I'm definitely adding this to my regular rotation of places to go to and get take out from. They're cash only (there's an ATM on site) so bring cash if you want to avoid ATM fees.This place is exactly what I thought it would be! It has a 50's diner vibe but with a traditional Mexican twist. The pollo tinga tacos and the steak tacos are super good. The margarita pitcher is $35 and is huge for 4 people. A great deal and overall not expensive. Recommend!!Jess is the absolute best! I am so appreciative of this location... I love Fishtown location... the staff and wonderful people there will always be in my heart! I mean they all rock in their own ways... but this one is in my neighborhood and treats me with so much genuine kindness. They made my day today! I can't say that much about many places these days! They make me feel like a friend of the family! The food and drinks are always so fresh, dependable, and excellent... can I just note that they had a delivery today while I was waiting outside and everything I saw (at least) was local and fresh! You can tell they really care about consistency and customer service. I am so glad the were able to survive the pandemic! You can come inside now! Can't wait to get a sitter and be at the bar again!I want to preface this review with the fact that my only experiences of Loco Pez are during the pandemic. 
After moving in the Grad Hospital neighborhood, I had walked past Loco Pez enough times to become eager to try it. My first visit was a positive one. My boyfriend and I waited a few minutes to be seated outside and we shared nachos, tacos, and a pitcher of margaritas. The food was delicious and so were the margaritas. My only complaint from this visit would be that the pitcher was predominantly ice, but that is to be expected.
Since the food was so good but getting a table had become more difficult (they do not take reservations) I started ordering take out. Every takeout order from Loco Pez has been wonderful. Ready on time and just as delicious as eating there in person.
More recently, I have had two very negative in person experiences and additional frustrations that I can't ignore. The first negative experience was while dining on a Friday evening, we arrived just as they opened for seating. Note that their google hours state they open at noon, but they do not serve guests until 5 PM. All was going well until my boyfriend got about halfway through his chorizo and potato burrito... he found a significant piece of plastic mixed in his rice. We brought this to the attention of our waiter. He apologized and they comped it on the bill. He offered to bring another, but we decided against it. The service was pretty slow, which was surprising considering we were one of two total tables. I believe there may be a lack of server staff, but two tables seems manageable to me.
The last time I was at Loco Pez, I went with a small group of four. The first of us arrived early to snag a table. She got there at 6:30 and was told the wait would be 15 minutes. Since we all live very closeby, we waited until she gave us the go ahead to join her since it was a colder night and we did not all want to be standing around waiting outside for no reason. She ended up waiting a full hour to be seated. Once we were all seated, we waited another 20 minutes to be acknolwedged by the server. We had to go so far as to flag him down to ask if we could place an order. He said he'd be right with us... he was not right with us. It honestly felt like he was ignoring us on purpose at this point. We ended up ordering around 8 PM and got food and drinks. The food came out as ordered, so no complaints there. As always, it was delicious. 
I've decided that the service is just not up to par at the Grad Hospital location. I will keep my Loco Pez meals to strictly take out only for the foreseeable future.Don't order from here if you're vegan. I was excited to find their menu had so many items clearly marked as vegan but when we got our order the nachos were not vegan. I had one before realizing it wasn't vegan cheese or crema (like the menu stayed) and was sick all night from the dairy.Have ordered takeout a few times during covid. Staff has been top-notch upon walking in -- warm, welcoming, and safe. Our orders have been packed nicely and the food on point delicious. We like the salads, bowls, and enchiladas...and the chips with salsas are nice too. I wanted to give a particular shoutout to how they're handling everything now (but we've also been a few times in person pre-pandemic and it's always solid). Great to have in the neighborhood!This place is so amazing! The food is always fresh and delicious!!!! No more long commutes to fishtown when I just want to grab dinner. It's close to home and the staff is the best even under these circumstances!!! Efficient, safe and to die for! 
Side note... we got 2 pitchers of the traditional margarita and it was outstanding!!! It came with a lime and salt to put around the rim!!!! 
LOVE LOVE LOVE!!!Loco Pez is a nice addition to the area since it's a recent opening in October 2019. From the outside the building looks rather unassuming but the inside is very spacious with the restaurant located on two floors. Tip: Cash only restaurant. There is an ATM inside. 
The restaurant has an overall retro feel. The upstairs, in fact, it was reminiscent of your grandmothers living room. With older style wallpaper and photographs along with classic old time refrigerators. 
We were here for happy hour and sat at the upstairs bar. The service was very friendly and our food came out quickly. We ordered the nachos off the happy hour menu which for $5 is a great deal. There were a lot of nachos, however, I felt the toppings were lacking. We also ordered a couple of tacos (al pastor, carne asada, and seitan and spinach).  My husband enjoyed the al pastor and the carne asada. The seitan was extremely salty.Have been a loyal customer at this establishment for years now and it just isn't the same anymore. The food is yummy but the service is taking a turn for the worse. On multiple occasions our orders were wrong or items were missing. Then we got charged for all the incorrect orders we received. Just isn't as enjoyable as it used to be.I have come here many times over the years with friends and family usually before a concert or sporting event in South Philly. We recently got takeout (during Covid) with equally great results. 
My wife and I absolutely love the nachos. We get them every time. They are delicious and large enough to share. When we've taken friends here they have also agreed that the nachos are loaded and superb (we get them with waffle fries). 
The reason I subtract a star is the craft beer selection could be improved given the limited number of beers on tap.
The staff has kind of a, "I don't give a f@#! about impressing you," attitude which I actually find amusing. It adds to the character of the place giving it somewhat of a "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia," vibe.
As the sign in the bar states, "Cash only, bitches."Went during COVID and wasn't disappointed! Their food was delicious- and their margaritas were STRONG. (Just the way I like it!) I was disappointed that I didn't have chips and salsa (I was told they usually give out some while you wait for your food) but their fish tacos were honestly delicious. I highly recommend!We are really trying to support local restaurants during these tough times, but it's pretty hard to do when take out has been consistently disappointing. 
The shrimp tacos were made out of frozen minuscule shrimp ans tasted terrible. The steak taco had good flavor, but the ground beef tacos were soggy and a mess. The guacamole was extremely small. 
For $50, I expected much higher quality. Looks like I'll be making my own tacos until I find a better place.Very Disappointed in the service.
We had a party of 3 with a baby and sent mom in to check on availability.
She was told there was a table available, but all our party needed to be there. In less than 5 minutes the rest of the party arrived and we were very disappointed that the table was 'given away". When we asked how long the wait would be- it would be 40 minutes. We left very disappointed and there was no effort to encourage us to stay. Instead the host indicated there may not be a high chair, so with that we left.
This neighborhood is full of families with young children and a walking community. High chairs are a must.I've never been to the original location, but once this opened up so conveniently close to me, I knew it was time to check it out and hopefully find my new favorite Mexican spot. 
It was relatively busy on a weekday evening so the word seems to be spreading. There's an upper level for larger parties, but we were seated on the first floor. We arrived just as happy hour was finishing so we were able to hop on the half off nacho deal. It comes as a large plate loaded with nachos, frijoles, cheese, salsa, and jalapeño peppers. The portion was hefty so we were already halfway full before our entrees even came out. Definitely good bang for your buck. My only gripe is that temperature wise they were lukewarm. 
We tried 5 different tacos- al pastor, carne asada, pollo tinga, chorizo and potato, and carnitas. Our favorites were the pollo tinga, carnitas, and carne asada. They equip every party with a bucket carrying 3 different types of salsas and the obligatory hot sauce, but most of the meats carry flavor well enough without adding sauce.
Overall, food was good, on par with other taco joints I've tried in the city but nothing terribly memorable. I hear they have dollar taco nights so that would be the main draw for me to return. FYI this place is cash only just like its other locations! There is an ATM at the front but make sure you come prepared.The food here is excellent and they have a great drink selection too.  I was disappointed though that there was something going on with the outdoor dining and the propane tanks. The entire area smelled like gas. Perhaps it was just a one off but it made the dining experience pretty unpleasant.Worst fish tacos I've ever had. Overly fried and fish was dried out. No flavor in the slaw, breading or the crema. Would not go back.I fuckin love it here, 10/10, would dine here again. 
Chicken tacos turn me on, put some of their guac on that shit ... bro such a nutOMG this food was amazing!!  This was a last min stop for my boyfriend and i and it was 100% worth it!! Our server Megan was so helpful and got everything my man needed for his dairy allergy. THEY HAVE VEGAN OPTIONS!! We will def come back here again!! Thank you so much for this amazing food!!So, I do like this place - the staff is very nice, the beer selection and margaritas are good and well-priced, and the ambiance is also solid. However, the food is just okay, with some days being great and most days just being about as passable and fresh as Taco Bell.
But most importantly, I live nearby and would come here all the time if they weren't cash only. It's not only inconvenient (even with an ATM on-site; why should I have to pay an ATM fee on top of every bill?) but also a great way to evade your taxes, Loco Pez. I see you.Pretty disappointed tbh. We called ahead to make sure they were seating people outside and then we get there and they wouldn't seat us. So we ordered takeout because we were hungry at this point and their chorizo was lacking any actual chorizo flavor. The nachos were OK but pretty much anywhere can make decent nachos. We got two drinks to go to. One was OK but the regular margarita was incredibly sour. Tasted exactly like trader joe's margarita mix actually. Definitely not gonna bother going back unless we're desperate.Food is really good and reasonably priced especially when they have taco night. The drinks are delicious and strong. The decor is cute with the mid century modern linoleum throw backs. We went a bunch of times before the shut down and have ordered take out during Covid - always happy with the food. Can't wait to go back when the city reopens.Great service and convenient location! The service here was great. Everyone was so friendly and accommodating. My friends and I split some nachos and margaritas. The toppings could have  been distributed more evenly, and not all the cheese was melted, but they were still delicious!With nachos that are well covered with tasty goodness, margaritas that have just the right amount of sweet and sour flavor, and carne asada that is out of this world, I recommend this rest for anyone who is in the neighborhood looking for good Mexican!I was very excited to try Loco Pez. There are a few other locations in Philly, but none super close to me so I never bothered to  ventured out to them. Now that one has opened up in my neighborhood I don't have an excuse not to get my taco fix. 
We excitedly ordered five tacos for each of us. All different types of meat. Sadly they were all not great. These were the most okay tacos I've ever had. The nachos were cheap because of happy hour but they were very okay as well. Mostly nachos, not much good stuff/toppings. 
The service was okay. Food came out quick. The place is cool inside. 
I'd come back in for happy hour to grab a marg and a snack before dinner but I won't come back again for a full meal. 
I'd rather "Live Mas" at Taco Bell.
Oh yeah I forgot until just now. They only accept cash, this is not how you should treat your amigos in 2019!!!Uhh!! I love finding local Mexican food that has all the dishes & sides you could dream of - at a great price!! My girlfriend and I ordered a mix of tacos and appetizers to split and it was sooo good. I really love the menu items with pineapple. The pico was so good - this place is definitely in my new rotation of takeout food :)Last week, I got takeout from Loco Pez for the first time since they opened in my neighborhood. I had the shrimp burrito and my husband got the vegan chorizo burrito. We also ordered chips and salsa. 
When we arrived, everything was packaged and sitting on a table by the front door, so it was an easy, virtually contactless transaction. The burritos were delicious and I really loved the fresh pico de gallo, for which they provided a generous amount of chips. Also, they included three different types of salsas which was awesome. I'd happily order from Loco Pez again!