I really like this place though to me it seemed more like a sports bar than a dive bar.  We needed a place for some late night tipsy food and found this place, and we were not let down. There are plenty of tvs for sports which was good because it was the NBA playoffs. I have the cheese fries and it was your typical good bar food. They have drink specials all day everyday it seems. I'm not complaining about Miller Lite bottles for $2.50, hard to beat that deal anywhere else in the city. Service was quick and friendly and with the food/drink deals they have I would definitely go back if I was ever in Philly again.I was part of the post Jolly's contigent that invaded "The Vous". After drinking copious amounts of alcohol at the Elite Event, I needed something to soak it all up. I ended up getting a burger and a house salad. The house salad was fairly good, decent amount of vegetables and everything was fresh. The burger was ok, nothing fancy. The fries were decent, but again, nothing fancy.
The beer kept flowing, aided by our gracious server, who handled all six trillion of our orders with aplomb. I also had a Bushmills, and was surprised at how little it cost, being that this is in the heart of Center City. Our server also handled the numerous cards and cash we threw her way. 
The music was good, the company was very good. 
I'd go back to hit this place up for a happy hour or just to hang out at a relaxed place with reasonable prices.Extremely good fresh and yummy for pub food. Great service and fun atmosphere definitely worth a visit . The waffle fries with gravy a must have l!Please for the love of all that is good and holy, put fried chicken on the menu permanently! To make room for it, you can get rid of something that nobody wants like salads!This place is awesome. A no thrills, casual laid back bar that is a major welcome in Center City! Sometimes you just want to order some amazing wings, watch a game on tv and drink a $3 beer in a clean (non divey joint). Food is great, wings are definitely the Top 5 I've had in the city. And the bartenders are great! I recommend this place to anyone looking for an affordable casual spot.One of my favorite bars in Philly. Great atmosphere, service, and deals! My go to place to grab a beer or drinks with friends"The Vous" -- as it is commonly called -- is one of the best and under-rated bars in all of Philadelphia.
The location could not be any better -- right smack-dab in the middle of Center City.  
And the prices are phenomenal.  (As I have heard many a patron say -- "I cannot afford not to drink here!").
The atmosphere is cool and relaxed and really represents the epitome of the cross-representation of Philadelphia.  Young, old, men, women, rich, working class -- the Rendezvous is kind of a "melting pot" for the city.  Their secret?  There is no pretentious atmosphere that plagues so many other Center City bars.
I fell in love with this bar the day I arrived to the city.  It really is one of the best!This is a really great dive bar. I've started off my last two Saturday nights here and both were a lot of fun. Great cheap drink specials, games, interesting people watching, and a good juke box. The only downfall is that I have spent the last two Sunday mornings very hungover, but I guess thats the price you have to pay for a fun night out!Used to be our favorite hang out for a quick dinner and drink. Past few months the Vous has really gone downhill in every way possible. Miserable unfriendly wait staff, dirty floors, and terrible food. Beef stew came out ice cold. Chicken cheesesteak had a HAIR in it! Medium  burger was well well done. Stale rolls. I could go on but enough said. After being loyal customers for years, we won't be returning.I love this bar. Not enough to warrant a 5 out of 5 but enough to make it a place I feel no remorse in sitting in till close.Locust Rendezvous For The Win (FTW)!! Wow...I have walked by this place numerous times and never even noticed it was there! Of course, the scaffolding outside the door and small entranceway add to this bar's allure. LR is truly a powerful and mysteriously attractive establishment. Some folks may categorize it as a dive bar, but I had a wonderful experience after dropping in for a few drinks to get my evening started. If you're looking for a low key, relaxed, and fascinating neighborhood spot - look no further! The service was great, drinks were strong, and most importantly - the atmosphere and vibe was very inviting. Definitely worth checking out!So first off I just can't really call this a "dive bar"...it was a bar, regular, clean, fine casual bar. They have a decent amount of seating and freaking GREAT drink prices. They just started carrying Estrella Daura for you Gluten Free beer drinkers out there, this one is one of my favorites for GF beer. 
We went there for Quizzo night, somehow I missed the little note on their website that says you should call the morning of to reserve a table...another #fail for me. So my group was pretty much without a table. So we scored some seats at the bar and waited to see if some table wouldn't show up for the 6:15p start time.
Well 6:15p came and went and they still weren't started with Quizzo when we left a little after 6:30p. 
The bartender was nice enough, kept our drinks coming, let us pay separately for what we each drank with no problem (like we have had at other places). So all in all I wouldn't be opposed to going back here for a chill casual night.
So the lesson learned here, if you want to do Quizzo night here make a reservation!Sunday with Kathy Boyle.  Great bartender, very pleasant and lots of fun.  Great place to watch football.  Highly recommend.  See you there.  JLPatty melt. $2 beer. Wings. Good until 1:00a. Sports. Dark. Play the juke box from your phone. Center city. Six packs to go. What else do you want to know?I read the reviews on Yelp for this place and was intrigued enough to drop in the other night. What a great place! Mary Kate was behind the bar and you couldn't ask for a warmer, more personable person. I stayed for several more drinks than I planned because the place and the people I spoke with in the bar were just so incredibly interesting and nice. Nowhere near as divey as some reviews have painted it, the Vous is just a friendly, pleasant place to but a relatively inexpensive buzz on and have some great conversation. I would definitely be a regular if I lived in Philly and can't imagine that I wouldn't visit every time I am there. Go there!Great "dive" bar. Weekly  specials  include craft beer pints for $3, cans or bottles-$2  + shots for $2. Can't beat that. Also have a limited but decent tap list. The afternoon bartender/ manager Michelle is very friendly & accommodating.
Always enjoy coming here for an  early after work start to Happy Hour as the weekly specials are good anytime.
Have yet to try the food; but it looks and smells good! Discount specials for that as well.Their corned beef was so juicy and tender and their mustard just made everything taste better. My friend and I went for lunch and drinks and we weren't disappointed with anything. The bar wasn't packed but there were a few groups and the service was still excellent. The drinks came quickly and we were introduced to a nice new whiskey--Tullamore Dew Irish Whiskey. They also let you taste test the beers on tap, which is always good. A place with $2 and $3 drink specials all day is the prefect place for alcohol lovers.Solid dive bar, but they shouldn't get 5 star ratings - b/c that will only ruin their character.  Its not my favorite dive bar in the city, but its pretty solid and one of the few places you can go have a drink or ten by yourself on a budget and not feel too bad about yourself --- until you leave, of course.This is definitely as described - a dive. 
No staff members acknowledged us within our first ten minutes (and it wasn't especially busy), so we ended up making our way to the bar to ask for food menus and order a round of drinks. We were then informed that our drinks would be bought over by our server along with the menu. Thankfully this happened pretty quickly, however sadly the rest of the service was rather slow. 
I ordered the phili cheese steak sandwich and my friend who wasn't particularly hungry decided to try the pizza fries. Food took around half an hour to be bought across to us which we thought was rather a long wait considering there were less than six occupied tables in the bar at the time,  only two other tables of which had ordered food. 
My steak was rather bland, so much so that I had to add salt and pepper myself in order to provide any sort of seasoning. My friends pizza fries were just waffle fries smothered in tomato paste with melted cheese on the top - nothing spectacular or flavoursome either. 
There is a juke box within the bar and the music playing was a good selection - sadly this was the highlight of the night for me.
Overall a dark and dingy bar which serves average food.I love pubs and this one didn't disappoint. I came in on a Sunday afternoon to have a few drinks. Our waitress was super nice and friendly.
The drinks are cheap and I even try Tullamore Drew Whiskey which I really enjoyed.
I ordered the corned beef with cabbage and it was delicious. They make their own corned beef which showed, it was tender and juicy.
This is a great spot in Philly.$5 burger and fries 1-5p all day everyday. I'm in.
5p-7p happy hour 1/2 price well doubles. I'm in.
I was pleasantly surprised when I walked into this place. I wasn't expecting a lot, but this place was good for me (I like the dive bar feel with great prices and good food). All the patrons I talked to were really nice and upbeat.
I will be back on my journeys throughout the city.I can't believe I recommended this place in another review and never wrote about it here!  I love this place! The Vous is super laid back.  It's a "dive" without being all "look at us we're a dive.  look at my skinny jeans.  I'm so IRONIC" like Bob & Barbara's does.  
Good food, cheap drinks, and a very nice laid back mixed crowd.I came here last Thursday to meet up with some guys. It's a low key bar that has a good amount of TVs to watch any sporting event you want. I was not in the mood for a drink so I just got food. The meatloaf was ok, nothing to write home about, and it was drowned in gravy. Baked potato and broccoli were also ok. Our waitress was good but my food took forever to get to me when the bar was not even half full. I ordered a minute after the rest of my table did and my food took fifteen extra minutes after everyone else got their meals. I don't know how other people are saying this place is fast, I hope I caught it on an off night.This is the most dive spot in center city.  That being said, it's not really much of a dive.  I like this place though.  It doesn't do anything amazing.  But everything is still solid.
Decent prices.  They serve pitchers.  The beer selection is not bad.  There are some really good lunch specials.  Wings are pretty good. 
Nothing amazing here, but sometimes you're looking for that middle of the road, but still good spot.  Locust Rendezvous is it.  I bet this is a good place to watch some Phils or Flyers.Great "dive" bar feel. Good food, cheap drinks and really cool staff. Perfect for an old dude like me but still hip enough for the hipster doofus crowd.Last weekend, my brother and I were caught downtown in that oft pesky window of time between dinner out and "out" out. Let me just say, the intersection around Chestnut and Broad is pretty much no man's land if you're searching for a laid-back (read: sans bouncer) bar in which to kill time and chat over a beer. Luckily, we stumbled across this little place, which seemed to fit the bill nicely and had an open table calling our name. We weren't disappointed either; never has a bar been so perfectly underwhelming, and I don't say this at all as a bad thing! It's a dive bar, except clean - even the bathrooms - and with a really mellowed out clientele for ten o'clock on a Saturday night. There's a soft, soulful grunginess about the Rendezvous that I enjoyed; it's like a slice of the Midwest (or how I picture the Midwest to be) in downtown Philly.
There are good deals on drinks (two beer specials and a $2 shot all night, presumably every night) and the service was unobjectionable: attentive and to the point. I was impressed when I ordered a Corona ($4) and was asked if I'd like it with or without lime. Maybe I have low expectations but I thought it was a classy touch! Just beware if they check your ID... Our server snatched ours up and left without a word to have them processed by the CIA or something, though to her credit she did come back with them. Also, the jukebox is constantly being put to work, so the music is like listening to someone's iPod on shuffle. Want to hear AC/DC and Kelly Clarkson back-to-back? Done. 
I must say, discovering this backwoods gem was a pleasant surprise, especially since the course of my nights is usually more premeditated thanks to yelp :)Two Fridays ago as the 5 inch rainstorm was just getting going, I set out to meet the better 10% of the DA's Office's young attorney force for a happy hour that by inertia escalated to four, sodden hours in this 'is what it is' kind of place. No pretense, just boozing, bar food and bad decisions.
Pros
-Discount Pricing - you come here cause city work don't pay and $2 runs long at Rendezvous. There seemed to be a rotating beer all-night draft beer special as well as some kind of bad, hooch du jour. Two Fridyays past, this was bubble-gum flavored vodka served up in clear-plastic shot glasses like the Dentist uses for your fluoride rinse. The liquid consumed in either scenario would be about equally delicious, but you haven't had a hangover until you've had a bubble-gum vodka hangover. It's as if going to the circus made your head assplode. 
-Service - our waitress was an old pro, very good at watering plants, among other things.
Cons
-Oooof.This place is considered a dive bar, but I feel it is a step above that. It feels more like a neighborhood bar smack dabbed in Center City. I walked in and it has a very basement feel with the wood grain walls and beer memorabilia all over the wall, which I love. It was very crowded probably due to the after work crowd, so it might be hard to find a place to sit. I did luck out with two seats at the bar though, which I am sure is rare.
The bartender was busy, but friendly enough. They have a decent tap list and also a great bottle list of craft, as well as usual beers like Bud or Miller. The food is your standard pub/bar fare, but was actually good. The chicken cheesesteak was decent, but was so happy they have waffle fries. The food is also pretty cheap, so you won't have to worry about spending a ton here. I really enjoy this place and hope to come back for some food and brews.Met a friend here for a pregame beer or 2 before we hopped on the Broad Street Line to CBP.  It was a good choice for their cheap drinks and chill aptmosphere.
The Vous is usually at the end of a drunken night, but perhaps their wallet friendly offerings will have me start the nights there instead.This is my favorite bar in the city. They always have good beers on draft and the food is always solid. I've been coming here for about 3 years and I've never had a bad experience. This place is good for groups, and also for a date. If you like beer and bar food then check this spot out.loved the food and drink selection-- perfect hole in the wall dive bar to stop before a show at the academy of music.This is a really nice "step above a dive" bar. If you're looking for a chill atmosphere and good service, stop in here!
The Philly cheesesteaks are delicious. They would probably beat out Oscars down the street if they put wiz inside the sandy instead of just on top...but one could hardly complain. 
If you're in Philly, stop here :)This is one of THE best dive bars the hubs and I have ever been to. Seriously...this is our first stop when we get to Philly and you know when a bar has a revolving door of characters in the industry stopping in for a pint, it's going to be a good time.
We met the owner and three of the bartenders - all amazingly nice human beings. The drinks are cheap, glasses are always full, and they always have some kind of food and drink specials going on. Their well vodka is local - and one of the best well vodkas I've ever had and their beer selection is a decent mix of local favorites as well as craft and other popular domestics. Food isn't shabby either - solid fare that's right priced.
I've we lived in Philly, this would be "our bar" for sure.A decent place to grab cheap eats and beers. I wouldn't say its a "dive". More of the low key sports bar. 
The food was good. They have waffle fries and yuengling so that kept me happy for the majority of the night.One of the best bars in the city!!! Everyday there's a specials on shots, beers, and drinks. YOU CAN'T BEAT IT. The people that work their are great. Steph our waitress is always on top of things. Even the food is cheap and tasty. Can't wait to go back.I really liked the atmosphere of this bar, however, the drinks and specials were just so-so. 
For $1, you can get a "moonshine cherry". Sounds great! I asked the waitress if they were strong. She said they were, so we ordered 4 for the table. They didn't taste like they were even soaked for a second. 
After, we ordered another round of drinks, and fireball shots. The shots were not even HALF shots. My friends beers were pretty small, too. 
Last call was at 1:10. The bar didn't close until 2...I thought that seemed pretty early. 
The ONLY reason this place gets two stars and might get a second chance is because of the atmosphere and juke box. Low key and entertaining, but they need to amp up their game.Small dive bar. Surprisingly decent bar food. Draft list is ok. Not much else to say.I haven't been there in 14 years and I must say, it is still as good as ever. I live in Houston now but would go there all of the time when I lived in Atco, NJ. Great food and awesome happy hour.
Bartender, Michelle doesn't age a bit in looks and personality. She is fast, attentive and efficient.
Hope my next visit is sooner than 14 years.Always a good time.  Really a pretty nice place for a "dive bar."  You never know what kind of beer will be on special.  They sell Smirnoff Ice!i love the vous.
i have such shame in my heart for having waited so long to venture in here. i've lived close to it for years and only recently cruised in after it became clear that the beer specials at fox & hound were not worth the headache of sitting between clumps of drunk uarts 21yrolds and clumps of drunk horny black dudes.
best decision i ever made! love jace the bartender. love the doorman on the weekends, too drunk to remember his name. that minderaser fucked.me.upp.Its a really good hole in the wall. Plenty of seating, really cheap drinks, and seems like a fun place. They even have food too! And they take cards! Shots and beers as cheap as $2Cheap booze and cheap food need I say more. usually crowded on weekends but you're still able to get drinks, love the vousThe vous is almost everything I want in a session bar.  It's clean, but not sterile.  The staff are surly but not hostile.  You'd be better off sticking with beer, but no one is going to kill you or make fun of you for ordering a girl drink.  I was in this past Saturday for my birthday and was really impressed with the new (ish) manager that was on the floor and noticed a few subtle differences since I started going there years ago (I was one of the "industry" people mentioned in another review).  First, I actually felt like the staff were happy to serve me for the first time ever, the manager and waitress were super friendly and the bathrooms were much cleaner than they used to be.  I see no reason to complain about the place.Divebar, but this is the goods here.   very dark, great crowd, great beers and bartenders, fun stuff.  Latenight is a hoot.My boyfriend LOVES this place. For the longest time I gave him difficulty when he wanted to go there. I kept saying, "I hate the vous, I don't want to go."
Then I realized a few things.
Cheap drinks- Daily specials, and cheap even when they aren't on special.
Decent food- Its bar food, but its good bar food. The spanish fries are great, waffle fries smothered in onions, jalapenos and cheese.
Good Service- We love Mandy and Megan, and they always take good care of us.
Why did it take me so long to jump on the Locust Rendezvous bandwagon? I'm not sure, but I don't turn down a trip there anymore.Locust Rendezvous is the ideal place for cheap drinks and eats.  I have never had a bad night there.  The waitresses are great, quick, attentive, and never screw your order up.  The environment is a warm, tavern feel with a good few of all the TV's.  I usually attended here during football season to catch a few good games, and drink some cheap beer and eat some good food.There's nothing not to like about the Vous. After many a lunch break spent here working downtown, I can testify the the food is pretty damn good and is typically out within 15 minutes.
Their rotating $6 burger specials offer some pretty tasty choices (patty melt, chili cheeseburger, your standard bacon cheeseburger, all just great), they have some other gems on the menu such as their chili nachos and chili cheese fries--yes, I do enjoy chili--and there are also plenty of choices for people who weigh less than 240lbs.
As many have mentioned the drinks come cheap as long as you're not too picky. Drink specials include $3 shot o'the day and the featured $2 beer, which you won't find too much in Center City. I do not condone drinking on lunch breaks (also, stay in school, eat your vitamins and show up to work 5 mintues early, brother)...but if you're gonna do it, this is a perfectly good place to do so at.
I've even wandered in here during my free time on a few occasions. It's a good spot to kill a few hours and beers and get some above-average eats while doing it. If you're in the area and want a cold one, want to quasi-pregame before another event on the cheap, or just want to lubricate the rest of your workday, you can't go wrong with the Locust Rendezvous.The 'vous!  Always great for bar food and some decent prices on drinks.  Came here on their 25th birthday - free shirts, and someone in our group won the raffle (free) for a grille!  Loaded fries and Reuben sandwiches did not disappoint at all - definitely that late night craving you were looking for.Went here this past Saturday night for dinner after a disappointing lunch at Bareburger (see my review for that place).  We were a little worried that since it was a dive bar the food might not be good and might be noisy.  Surprise, the food was delicious, the service top notch.  We sat down at a booth, the waitress came right away, we didn't order any alcohol since we were just really hungry.  We got water, I ordered French onion soup which was really good w/lots of cheese on top and I also ordered a French dip that was good and came with potato chips.  My wife ordered something that was not on the menu but kind of a combo of stuff on the menu, which was waffle fries with the same meat as French dip on top of the fries and cheese on top. I tried that too, it was very good.  Just a warning to anyone that is going to eat here, THE PORTIONS ARE HUGE!!!  To sum it up, great attentive service (especially since only one waitress when were there) and great food.  If we are back in Philly, we would go eat here again and probably have some drinks too!!!Make no mistake, this is a dive bar.  In that genre, this place is good and pure and simple.  It's not trying to be something it's not, and as a result it's a great hang.  Cheap buzz, great tunes, interesting mixed crowd, and I had a killer cheese steak there.  It could have been due to the sharpened state of my hunger related to said cheap booze that I found their steak so delicious.  Nonetheless, the meal lingers excellently in my mind, like The 'Vous itself.My boyfriend and I had our first meet-and-greet here (because we met on the internet, and I am clearly not too proud to publically admit it), so I am biased in favor of "the vous." That is, until he cold-heartedly leaves me for a younger, prettier girl, in which case I will then cry and kick sidewalk dust towards the front door in disgust and despair.
But let's not be cynical. The Rendevous has awesome drink specials, a dive-y neighborhood-y feel, and decent food. Service is just fine. What's not to like?It took me too long to walk into the 'Vous.  WIth rotating $2 bottle, $3 draft and $3 shot specials, and a cute waitress who I totally have a crush on, the 'Vous is a sweet little spot right in the middle of Center City.
Since it's always happy hour, it's great for a drink or four before hopping on the subway down to a game, or to close down on a Wednesday night.  Throw in weekly quizzo by Philly's own Johnny Goodtimes, an eclectic set of regulars who never seem to leave their bar stools, and  you've got the makings of a winnerLove this place. It's a chill Center City pub that's a good place to meet up with friends to grab some cheap drinks, and the staff is always super friendly.
The beers are always freezing cold, and their pitchers are inexpensive (usually $7-8 after 8PM), and you have options of beer other than PBR.
And their fried mushrooms appetizer is amazing.can i give 3 and a half stars? a good bar with really good bar food. They're really accommodating to big groups and they're always playing the big soccer games that are on during the season. that's a plus.I really need to stop giving out such high ratings to places, but I  knew I was going to like this place way before I ever went in.  Its a dive, but fairly nice as dives go.  $4 ($2+$2) shot and a beer combo will get you going quick and the quality food will keep you upright.  The cheese steak was pretty great and oddly enough I found myself in front of a bowl of french onion soup by the end of the night... it was a weird night.  But the servers were personable and  the clientele all seemed to be having a good time.  
Note:  I pride myself at being fairly Quizzo worthy at most places, but the questions here are Jeopardy-worthy.  Or I was too far gone, its a toss up.I used to love this place.  Great food.  Great drink specials.  But tonight we had an obnoxiously rude waitress who was clearly wrong but chose not to apologize, acknowledge her mistake or take HER mistake off the bill.  The manager apologized for her, gifted food but the damage was done.  I don't throw the term around without real proof, but she appeared to be racist.  For that reason, despite their delicious food and great drink specials, I will NEVER return to this spot.  Ever.  Who knows, they probably would prefer that.$3 Blue Moon, $2 Yuengling Porter. All the time. That should be all you need to know, but I was also pleasantly surprised by their food (the Spanish fries were muy deliciosos, my friend's potato skins were cute but difficult to eat), and really great music being played even without the jukebox.
I am definitely coming back here to load up on affordable beer while actually enjoying the music and surprisingly great service. Great for weeknight drinking.We stopped by last night for a few drinks before dinner. My wife and I don't usually go out to bars when we come to Philly, so our server recommended various beers for me and a drink for my wife. It was a laid back place, and we had a very nice time. Also, the prices were very reasonable. We will defiantly be back soon!I ended up leaving another bar down the street in search of some cheap eats and wandered into this place. It's nestled between a dry cleaners and a parking garage and is quite quaint. 
The prices are great for Center City w/ draughts around $4. I went with the French dip. It came on a pretty good sized kaiser and packed with beef. The waitress was friendly and attentive and the food came in less than 15 minutes. It wasn't too busy on a Sunday night with only three tables filled and a few at the bar. 
I don't know if one could classify this as a Dive Bar because it isn't really too "divey" but both the prices and ambiance is perfect for a meet-up, after work drink, or anything else.I think I have been here more than 35 times. Probably 70. Great place to be a regular, wonderful service and the food will surprise you. The French onion soup is one of the best and vous fries well done are the best thing in the fries realm. The specials are always cheap and reliable and they are great for late night shenanigans. I miss living near it so I could go whenever I wanted! This is now a traditional reunion place for my friend and I as she introduced me to it but has moved to NY since sadly. I have introduced so many people to this place and it has been a win every time!If your not a regular they will prob look at you weird.  Food is bar food but if you order waffle fries ask for wing sauce.This bar isn't terrible by any means, but it did nothing to impress me. In my opinion, it was the least eventful spot on our Center City bar crawl.
The layout is sort of interesting--you'd never guess that you'd be able to cram such a large number of people inside such a small space, but it works. 
The waitresses and bartenders are only semi-friendly at best. It takes awhile for them to "notice" you, even after you've made eye contact once or twice. 
The best part of this bar is easily the price. You can get really cheap pitchers, which was great for our birthday crew. The mozzarella sticks I had were also amazing.
The birthday girl left happy, which is probably all that matters, but I don't see too much of a reason to come back here.Besides being somewhat of the neighborhood's "Cheers" pub, and the #1 go-to post-shift watering hole for probably half of Center City's restaurant and industry staff, this gem has been consistently satisfying the palates of many hungry meal-seekers for 26 years.  
With a friendly staff, large and diverse menu, all-day breakfasts, and some of the best cheesesteaks, patty melts and waffle fries in the city, they deliver nothing but the best every time.
In regards to the drinks- full bar, rotating drafts, and an extensive bottled beer menu are meticulously managed to intrigue even the most demanding of craft beer enthusiasts. Many seasonal drafts, or local/specialty beers are offered as weekly specials. Pitchers can also be a great way for a group of friends to catch up in one of the booths or back tables.
In terms of the menu and their kitchen- I've been asked before what's good by several people.  Pretty much everything is really, really good.  It's fresh, cooked to order, large portion plates deliver a great value for the money and never disappoint.  The quality and consistency of the food here has led many to become regulars, reassured by the fact that their feet and stomachs have led them someplace special in the neighborhood.
Soups are made fresh daily, sandwiches and appetizers are delicious, and you can't go wrong with an omelette or breakfast plate any time of day here.  
If you're in the city visiting, or just in this part of town, make it a point to stop by the vous- you won't be sorry.Pretty extensive food menu for a little dive bar off of Locust.   You may even pass it.  Small little hole in the wall offering a bite and lots of drinks!
The crowd is pretty mixed.  I usually go during a weekday around 7PM and I like it.  It is not tooo crowded but it is busy!
Staff is great and pretty friendly.  I did not expect that at all.  I am used to people ignoring me when I go to a little dive bar.  I think it is cute that they call themselves a cafe.  But then again their menu is not bad at all.  A definite must to get a few drinks and chit chat with your new found friend!!!
Enjoy!The Vous is an amazing hidden gem we found while walking in Philly. Drinks were reasonably priced and the apps plus entrees were excellent. Fun atmosphere whether you're at the bar or at a table. Definitely check this place out if you're near the convention center!semi-divey corner bar in downtown area.  
Just what you want sometimes.  
Not a real dive though, along the lines of B & B's, Frank's or McGlincheys, or even Oscar's.This is the best neighborhood bar ever, and I'm so happy to live around the corner from it. The first time I stopped in several years ago, there was a celebration going on to mark 25 years since opening, and there was a mummers band playing music - a very Philly bash! The Spanish fries should be illegal - they are so scrumptious and addictive. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu, but don't make a visit if you're trying to eat healthy or on a diet. The liquor options have improved over the years - I'm a gin girl and they have local and more typical options, which I appreciate. And certainly lots of other drink choices too! The service is friendly slash no nonsense - everyone is clearly invested in this spot and maintaining the neighborhood feel. Avoid Wednesday's if you don't want to deal with the trivia crowd, but otherwise, this place is perfect anytime of the day or night.When I met up with one of my friends before a show at the Academy of Music last week, he suggested we hit up the rendezvous while the opening act finished pumping up the audience for Noel Gallagher.  As I turned the corner off of Broad and saw this divey looking place before me, I was apprehensive.  None the less I trusted his judgment and so we entered.  
After I was very intensely carded, we sat down and I immediately was digging the place.  Small and compact, lots of HD tv's, good music and a hip crowd.  I say small and compact but in a good way.  I like places were it feels 'cozy' but you still aren't on top of the people sitting next to you.  There was a nice balance of this here.
We got some drinks and started scanning the surprisingly vast menu.  Lots of things to choose from; wings and burgers to hot and cold sandwiches and dinners.  We opted to start with Cheesesteak Nachos.  When our waitress brought them out, they looked epic.  A pile of ships smothered in steak, peppers and onions which was then doused in wiz.  They were fantastic.  The only other time I've seen anything like this was on Man v Food so to know they exist in Philly was very exciting.  They actually had a little kick to them which added another element to the trouble we got ourselves in with this app.  
My buddy decided to go for the Corned Beef Reuben of which they touted as the best in the city.  It did look good.  I went for Corned Beef on Rye, dry, with a side of mustard.  If I wasn't already half full of nachos I may have been slightly disappointed in the amount of meat on my sandwich but the quality of the meat was good.  It was slightly dry and I like that in my corned beef.  
All in all, I really liked this little "rendezvous" and would certainly stop by again.  Good eats and good atmosphere are key and this placed had both!Typical bar fare (mozzarella sticks, loaded fries) but it was really good. The décor is outdated and its rather small inside and its a bit of a dive. However, I got the French onion soup-delicious and our server was super fast. They have a decent beer selection as well.The 'vous is a divey dive at its best.   Last time I was in here, we drank multiple pitchers while watching Deal or No Deal with the locals.  
Really crazy place during Mummers.   People come in to refill their Sprite bottles with beer.I enjoy it here. If you want to feel like you're at a townie bar in the middle of center city, this is the place to go. It seems like there are a bunch of regulars here but not so much that you feel uncomfortable - it's actually comforting to see that so many people frequent this place as by the outside, it looks like a pretty shady place.
Once you go inside, you'll see why people keep coming back. A menu filled with variety, decent prices, specials that run all day (even Saturdays!) and a friendly waitstaff.
I can get the whole going out for the ambience thing, but once you've been out to your fancy bars and just want a good cheap drink with some good bar food and service, make the 'Vous your next stop.Cheap drinks- there's always specials with $2 PBRs
Food is also cheap and pretty good. I got the cheesesteak, it was around 6 bucks. There was a decent amount of tender meat and it was super tasty. Can't beat it for the price.
I always come here for a quick bite to eat or if I just want to grab a few drinks with some friends. It's not too pack but can be on the weekends. They have TVs everywhere if you want to come watch the game here. It's a divey/chill bar.I really like this place. Is it the nicest bar around? By no means. But the waffle fries and wings are awesome, the employees are attentive and nice, and the specials rock. I've been here a few times, and on my most recent visit the $3 special draft was Hefeweizen. Yum. 3 beers each later, plus sharing some waffle friends, and the total was about $20. That ROCKS.
Summary: order the wings. the fries are good too. get the draft or other special. have a good time and leave surprised with how little you spent.Can't say enough good things about this place. The food is amazing. From breakfast to cheesesteaks to wings to the rueben, I haven't had one thing I didn't enjoy. The staff is super friendly. The drinks are the cheapest in town especially when you go for the weekly beer can special or the weekly pint. One of my favorite places to go in the city at any time.Went here after dinner at village whiskey. Good size crowd, almost too crowded but lucked out and got a spot at the bar. Real low key spot, nice to be able and get a drink in center city at a dive bar price. Wouldn't quite say "the vous" is a dive bar but maybe in context to the other pricey downtown bars surrounding it. Will absolutely come back if I want a night out in CC without spending an arm and a leg.A great place to grab a quick bite to eat or a few drinks before heading to your ultimate destination. It is surrounded by a few busier bars in the area; Fado, Fox and The Hound. My GF and I were headed to a nice dinner and were a little early for our reservation. So we stopped in here to grab a few drinks. 
It's not necessarily a beer and shot type of place, but at the same time it isn't somewhere you would go for a night out. As I mentioned it's the best for a quick bite or grabbing a few beers. The domestic specials they were running were pretty nice. $2 for a Miller High Life, $7 for a pitcher of Yeungling. Also they have 6 packs to go for about $8. 
Ultimately this is the perfect bar if you are trying to get away from the typical center city $70 tabs for only a few drinks. I didnt eat any of the food but it looked like your standard bar food. I did see an order of wings come out and they looked very delicious. 
Overall you should give it a try. It's a nice relaxing atmosphere and a break from the crowded bars that it is surrounded by.Always a nice place for a drink and good food. Either during the for Happy Hour or weekends, it is always good opportunity to meet some interesting people.
UFC Fights, Baseball, Hockey or Basketball...You will get it there.
I can really recommend the Platters. You get and a lot of food for your money.
Check the weekly beer specials on the menu.Great food. Great atmosphere. You can really get anything you want here. Anything involving their fried chicken is highly recommended. The fries were VERY good. We will definitely eat here again. It is as comfy as a dive can be!First time here was for happy hour on a Friday afternoon. I love the atmosphere, nice dive bar feeling and the waiters were attentive and friendly. They've got great deals on beers of the day, 2,50 for a bud light and 3,50 for good, quality beer which is nice. My friend had the pizza fries and they were kind of saggy and moist, not very appetizing. All in all a cool little dive bar.OK, so I'm not a huge fan of dive bars, but I gotta admit, I'm totally a fan of "the Vous!"  I live nearby, so have come to the Vous often for drinks. Its cozy, inviting, and they take credit cards. A lot of dive bars around here don't.  The craft beer selection is usually pretty decent for a dive bar.  And even though its classified as a dive, its not really that dive-y in here!  Its just a good 'ol pub where you can toss back some brewskies and have a fun time. 
I finally tried the food here, which is why I'm now writing a review after drinking here time and time again.  The food was actually really good! You're not getting gourmet gastropub food here, but let's face it, for a dive bar this food is pretty great. And, huge selections! I had the Italian roast pork grinder, although the actual pork was slightly dry, it was totally juiced up with lots of spinach and a heaping portion of melted provolone cheese. Yum!  My friends ate the chicken parm, which was a massive portion and looked really good.  The quesadillas were also huge, and my friend devoured them.  I also had the loaded waffle fries, "mexican style" was too spicy for me, but the original cheese fries with brown gravy hit the spot!  Holy hell those gravy cheese fries were amazing!
Good times, good people, laid back atmosphere, just an overall chill spot. Woohoo for the Vous!