I have been to a number of dog friendly hotels...just not in the city and did not know what to expect. Usually they are motel like.  This one was in the heart of the city.
I walked tentatively into the hotel lobby as i have a labrador/golden mix who is not easy to hide.
We got to the front desk to register and i was still feeling uneasy although my  bf had assured me it was a dog friendly hotel. Reception was so nice immediately putting us at ease. As we checked in an attendant asked if Bentley could have treats which she fullly enjoyed. The Reception person also asked if we would like a welcome kit for Bentley. Holy moly. Of course. Dog dishes, a mat, treats, etc. I was blown away.  
Plus the guests at the hotel all stopped to compliment and pet "queen Bentley". Our room was on the top floor. Awesome!
Even when i went to walk her the car attendants greeted her by name. We were so impressed with the service we decided to come back an extra night. 
Thank you Loews. I didnt realize a hotel could be so dog friendly especially to a big dog.The Loew's hotel is very clean and looks very nice. The service is amazing. My family and I wanted to stay for a whole month. The breakfast there is fantastic! My son said it looked like it was the future. That's how nice it was! The rooms were nice size and the parking is convenient. That's why I give the Loew's hotel 5 stars.Stayed one night.  Room was clean and comfortable.  Employees were consistently the best!  Valet, front desk, servers, room service, all were courteous and eager to please.  Good place to stay, would return.Absolutely fabulous stay at the Loews hotel Philadelphia! The service was fantastic! Room was clean, had a great view. It was my boyfriend and i's anniversary and the hotel gave us champagne and chocolate covered strawberries at no extra charge!  My boyfriend spoke with concierge Kimmy and she made everything so special! They even put rose petals on our bed while we were out at dinner! Would definitely recommend to a friend and we will definitely be coming back to stay again!Summary: great location, great service, incredibly comfortable clean rooms. First rate.
We stayed here for two nights when we were in town to work the election. Got a good deal through TripAdvisor using Booking.com . When we arrived, we were told that the hotel upgraded our room. Turns out to be a large room with huge king bed on the 18th floor with a corner view. Spectacular! Everything was clean, modern and lovely, and the sheets and comforters and pillows were incredibly comfortable. Room was very quiet we heard only the slightest noise from the binging of the elevator and the slamming of doors by our neighbors.
Parking was easy, if a bit pricey, but worth the convenience. Great service on check-in from valet parking to assistance with luggage to checkin to assistance with luggage to our room. Concierge was extremely helpful arranging for a dinner reservation at short notice. 
We did not use the bar which looked great, particularly if you are a Bourbon lover. 
Lobby area is stunning, with renovated marble and a safe from its former incarnation as a bank. 
Perfect location, a block from Reading Terminal Market and access to all the attractions of center city Philadelphia.Stayed here two nights for a conference. The rooms were very clean, comfortable, and fairly modern looking. Convenient location, definitely safe. All staff was very friendly. Lobby is busy, but nice place to sitI've walked past this hotel many times whenever I'm in the city. This hotel is pretty nice. The lobby area is really nice. So many events in this hotel. Quite a few TVs to catch up on the latest scores from different sports.The rooms are very updated with a great tv, work area and furniture.  The set up of the tv in relation to the bed was weird but I guess they couldn't put the TV in front of the windows. I was also excited how close Chinatown was located.Having an awesome stay. Had to be somewhere very early so I parked in the valet and brought my bags into the lobby hoping they could hold them for me until check in. Turns out, they had a room available, and I was able to get right in around 6am. Truly grateful as I woke up at 4:00 this morning so getting a 30 minute power nap on the comfy hotel bed before heading out was a real treat. The room is nice. I like the layout. Very open with lots of windows. Magnificent views of the city and you don't hear traffic at all from the upper levels. I ordered room service and the food was great. Later, I accidentally locked myself out of my room and security helped me get back in. They checked my ID to make sure it was actually my room, which is good practice. I was apologetic but the security guy was so nice. Everyone I've interacted with today has been a joy. I wish I remembered the valet's name this morning. He was wonderful. This is my first time at the Loews and I'll definitely be back! The staff is incredibly kind and accommodating. My room is clean, my bed is comfy, and I'm happy. Thanks Loews!GREAT place to stay! My husband and I spent our anniversary night here and the front desk (Jake) sent up a complimentary bottle of champagne and anniversary card. We stopped at the bar on our way out to dinner and the bartender gave us 2 drinks on the house as well. Great service didn't end at checkout... 2 weeks later my husband realized he left his eyeglasses at the hotel....we called and were transferred to Craig in Loss prevention who said that a pair of eyeglasses were reported found and that they would mail them out to us immediately free of charge. This by far is the best service we've experienced from our travels in the Northeast!! Clean, modern, and excellent service.I am in love with this place! ! A charmingly friendly and helpful staff. Incredibly diverse excellent spread for breakfast. Chocolate covered strawberries as a treat in the room. Great location across from Redding Terminal.  Great happy hour in the hotel bar!!We had a very nice stay at Loews Philadelphia over the Labor Day Weekend. 
The location is perfect, close to Reading Terminal Market, restaurants, center city, and provides easy access to the other Philly sites! I found the cost per night for a weekend stay to be more affordable than many other hotels in the city and also in the surrounding areas outside the city. 
Our room was very spacious, clean, and well equipped. I was impressed with the overall size of the bathroom and the comfortableness of the bed! I was very pleased with how quiet the hotel floor was at night, even though the hotel was full that weekend, which contributed to the relaxing atmosphere and sleep in the room. We ordered coffee service the night before for the following morning, as we often do at many places we stay. The presentation of the coffee tray was reflective of the high quality of hotel Loews exhibits. In addition to the coffee setting, glasses of ice water were part of the service and the waitperson, who delivered the coffee, was very friendly, professional and helped to start our morning off on a positive note!
The only reason I did not give the last star in the rating was due to the cost of parking. Parking at the hotel is valet only and they charge $49+ per night for guests staying at the hotel, which I find outrageous. Instead of paying this price, we used Parking Panda to locate a parking garage, one block away for only $24 per 24 hours! I don't mind walking a block or two to park if it's only going to cost half the price of the hotel. 
I do recommend the Loews Philadelphia and plan to stay here in the future!terrific front desk staff, clean rooms, terribly slow and unfriendly bar/waitress service in lobby.Beautiful lobby and helpful staff all the way through from check-in to check-out.  There are plenty of cabs outside if you do not want to take mass transit.  If you do need the train or bus, there is a subway stop one short block away and numerous SEPTA bus stops up and down Market St and the cross-streets.
The room was spacious and clean, although the bed was a little less than comfortable.  There is a Keurig machine in the cabinet with complimentary bold roast, decaf, or green tea with creamers and sugars.  There were ice and soda machines located on the floor below us and the container for the ice kept everything so cold that there were pieces remaining the next morning.
The only gripe I had (and the reason I deducted 1 star) is that the room service food was not that great.  One night I returned to the hotel late and my relative wanted to order something to eat.  We shared a "barely ok" pizza and slice of chocolate cake, which seemed to be at least a few days old.  However, the good news is that there are countless places to chow down for all meals up and down the nearby streets so really, room service shouldn't be necessary.
If you can, check out a sunrise from one of the higher floors.  I didn't expect to see that when I got up pretty early one morning.  You can also look out onto Market St traffic depending on which room view you get.
I would recommend this stay for any amount of time, short or longer, (I was able to get a very reasonable rate on Expedia) because this place is very welcoming and comfortable.  The convention center is right across the street so I think a lot of people were staying here for the Auto Show.
On our last day in the city, we checked out early and the concierge downstairs even held our bags in storage until we were ready to pick them up and head to the train station.  This was a very convenient service and helpful to us.
Check it out if you need to go to Philly for anything.Great original International Style Hotel.  They say Art Deco but...
Central in town.  On Market Street.  Walking to good restaurants and close to subway station.  6 or so blocks from Independence Square.  
Great pool.  Was lucky enough to be there on the third Thursday of the month to see Jeff Bradshaw play in the lobby bar.  He was fantastic.  That alone was worth it.  
Pricey room service.  Amenities were fine. Nothing special.  They charge for internet which I hate.  Windows don't open.  Kuerig Coffee maker in room and a $5.50 bottle of water (really?).Enjoyed a weekend at the Loews,  Valet was easy.  Our room was very nice, though I felt it was on the small side for being one of their larger corner rooms.  Art Deco furnishings, flat screen TV, coffee maker and fridge in our room.  Did think the bathroom was starting to show signs of its age.
Did not get a chance to eat at Sole, the hotel's in-house restaurant.
This is South of City Hall, near the convention center.  So if your target area is Rittenhouse Square, you may have a bit of a hike.  Though not in the perfect location for our stay, we did enjoy the Reading Terminal and found a couple of retsaurant jems on Chestnut.
Overall, I would not put Loews in the same breath as Sofitel, Park Hyatt or the Four Seasons, but it was very enjoyable stay at a very reasonable price for what we received.Dirty rooms & headboard trash under the bed. alarm clock and radio doesn't work. unknown substance on curtains in the room appears to be someone's DNA. absolutely no benefit to the concierge level not allowed access to the club or library. Hallways and elevator  look like they haven't been cleaned since it was the PSFS building. incompetent Front house staff that are unhelpful unwilling and unknowledgeable to accommodate adequate serviceStayed here for an annual owners meeting for my company in January 2015, the hotel is beautiful and provides all necessary amenities.  Unfortunately the hotel lost power the saturday night we were staying there so no showers or toilets worked in the entire hotel, you would of thought the hotel would of refunded that night but nothing was offered.  I did not have the time to wait in line to discuss the options available to me and later found out that they were offering the option to move to a local partner hotel or recieve a refund.  I was never offered either.As promised, I came back and am glad I did.  Try the parking across the street (12th), only $8 per 10 hour span on the weekends.There is no other building more modern as  the PSFS building from 1932
Around here. The aesthetic, combined with the professional guest services and the lobby area / restaurant / bar offers a sophisticated experience for those who are looking to have a modern experience interpreted for the 21st century. 
This will not be the last time I will stay at this gem when in town.This was an amazing hotel from the service to the room. Everything was impeccable taken care of. The staff were very friendly and helpful. Room was spacious, well laid out and very clean. It is centrally located that allows you to get to places very quickly by foot. If you are in Philly I need a hotel, this would definitely be one to reserve.You see that picture of the hotel? I stayed in THAT ROOM.
I stayed there a few years ago on a vacation, and they upgraded us to the top floor -- it was the day before Thanksgiving, and it was EMPTY. For the end of the vacation, we (me and the ex-) were tired, and this was the perfect prescription for relaxation. We had an extreme view of the city, and it night, it was gorgeous.
The beds were comfortable, the place clean, and at the rate we were paying, an absolute bargain.
Did I mention I stayed in THAT ROOM?This hotel has a great location close to Reading Market and the room is very clean and comfortable. Customer service has been great! My husband is a big fan of the steam room on the fifth floor. Would stay here again without thinking about it.Very nice hotel, awesome cityscape views, staff is friendly, level 33 restaurant and bar are a must.Just to let you know I'm from Jersey but LOVE to go out to Phila. a lot! So, I was in the city to see HIM and I booked a hotel via Hotwire and they gave me a pretty good deal but the experienced sucked my window was facing another building just garbage when you are looking to see the city lights. The room was nice but nothing to talk about I've been in a quality Inn better than the room they gave me and be sure NOT to touch a thing in the mini fridge!!! Best part about staying there is that my friends and I crashed a wedding that night. Be sure to go on the 33rd floor where you can see the great city of Philadelphia! What a view! but you are seriously better off just taking any other hotel in Phila. Just have fun with it and see what you get you make the experience don't let these big named or expensive rooms do the taking. Be spontaneous!The staff is great. They are friendly, genuine and caring. But how on earth are we supposed to relax or sleep in a room that feels like 86+ degrees. 
It was 100 degrees outside and we needed to cool off and relax after driving up from Maryland. There was no relief in our room even though the thermostat said 60. They brought up two box fans when we asked so that helped a tad but when we're staying in a $400 rm hotel, I expect a comfortable room. Even room service noticed it was extremely hot and we should keep fighting. It was cooler in the hallway.
PROs:
- 1/2 mile from Liberty Bell and attractions 
- cool hotel, different from Marriott that's right across the street 
- cool bar, food served till midnight 
- 24 Hr room service 
- pay as you drink bar in the room
- the manager was nice enough to comp us all fees outside of the room charge (parking, meals, etc)
- valet gave us cold bottled waters after asking how our stay went
- Starbucks across front door 
CONs:
- older hotel with a ton of floors 
- not the Marriott with all of its newer features like A/C
- tough to pump the A/C up to the 17th floor especially when it's a million degrees outside 
- they were willing to move us rooms but the only one available was a double bed and the air wasn't much cooler, not worth the move
- they said engineers were working it but they never came to our room 
- foyer and elevators smell old and musty
- valet-only parking is on 12th St: $48/night with in/out privileges 
- no fridge except for bar fridge, we shoved our leftover cheesesteak sandwich in there
- we woke up in the heat and couldn't wait to get out of there
- I'll never stay againGreat hotel--location and proximity to everything was fantastic! Service was great, especially Kimmy--she was incredibly kind, attentive, and helpful!!On a recent work trip I picked Loews among the other similarly priced options on hotels.com (probably why I did not receive a welcome goodie bag) b/c I prefer more modern decor and it was close to my meeting location.  My room was quiet and clean, but if I compare it to somewhere like Palms Place in Vegas (same price, similar style), there is no comparison.  Loew's is just OK.  As with most higher end hotels they nickel and dime you for everything, so I was happy to have my hotspot for internet. On the upside it's walking distance to the light rail (direct line to the airport) and the Asian district with banh mi shops, yogurt cafes and dim sum places.Ryan Watson is the greatest bar tender in the place. He knows his shit and can make a mean Bloody Mary. You are welcome!The Loews Philadelphia is what I imagined Gotham City looks like. The hotel is Art Deco and absolutely beautiful. We stayed over New Years and the decorations were beautiful. It's centrally located so there are tons of restaurants and museums within walking distance. The views are beautiful. You should definitely take a trip up to the 33rd floor for a great view of the city I was very impressed with the room an staff at the hotel. Everyone was friendly, helpful, and very attentive. It was great amenities and a nice bar downstairs. My stay was very relaxing and I would return again.I was perfectly content with my stay at the Loews. The rooms are nice, but they are a typical hotel room, nothing special. The staff was very attentive and friendly. Probably the best part of the hotel was the fitness center, which was large and even had a small lap pool. The hotel is older and the heat near the elevators was very high on the lobby floor. It didn't really affect my stay, but I wasn't expecting to start sweating while waiting for the elevator while dragging my luggage. The hotel is nicely located within walking distance of several historical locations, and I would stay here again if I were to return to Philadelphia.The room is small but clean. Parking is a bit over priced considering the other lots. The pool is very tiny. We left after 10 minutes because children were none stop screaming and splashingCame here for a weekend trip to visit relatives and show the kids some historical sites. The location was awesome. We walked pretty much to all the sites and to eat. The hotel honored our request for a high level room so we were very appreciative of that. We got a military rated room package so that was an extra bonus that included free valet, and $25 off food/drink each day. I would definitely stay there again for the price we paid. I felt that the hotel was slightly on the worn side as far as tears in upholstery in the lobby, etc but it was very slight. The bartender and wait staff was very friendly. We were pleased with our room minus a few stains on walls and tear in shower curtain, but nothing super major. We did miss having a fridge or microwave in the room. The fridge in the room was stocked with extremely over priced items. This hotel is also dog friendly. I would recommend this place to friends if they can get a great deal like we did!We had a room block at Loews Hotel for our wedding in February. They gave us a great rate and all the communications to figure out the details went very smoothly. Our suite was huge and beautiful and they went above and beyond with extra touches to make it feel special. We loved this hotel and would definitely stay there again, and would also recommend it for any couple who needs a room block for their wedding.I stayed at the Loews in Philadelphia . The service was very good. Our room was pretty clean. The beds were soft and modern. We had a great stay!
-Jacob Butcher (age 8)We got to check-in early and that rocks! 
The luxury king room was gorgeous and the view of the city was even better. The staff was friendly and efficient. It's located near Chinatown, the Gallery at Market East, Convention Center, and city transportation (trolley/cab/bus/sub). Sole Food had an affordable dinner special for two. They have snacks, a bowl and floor mat for your dog =)
We parked in the garage across the street on 12th that cost less than Loews valet parking. The bottle water in the room is not complimentary, so don't be fooled by that picture provided on here.
On the 31st floor, there's free breakfast food for those who stayed on that floor...and I got up there and ate!! 
BEWARE of the elevators. Our friend got the ride of her life, luckily the door opened and she jumped out before it shut.. she had minor bruising...they comp'd her food and room, but still, that was pretty scary.
In the middle of the night, our shower blasted on and the water ran for a hot minute---it freaked me out!!! Ghosts?? IDK??? 
The room door slams shut really loud, so you can hear people come and go. We weren't able to complain the next day because the check-out line was too long. Oh well.Had a nice stay here over the July 4 weekend. The staff was friendly, the room was clean and comfortable, and the location was convenient. We were within walking distance of everywhere we wanted to go. One thing that really impressed me was, even though we stopped by our room several times per day, the cleaning staff always managed to clean our room while we were away. At most hotels, if you are in your room when they get to you, you're probably not getting service that day. My only complaints about this hotel are the expensive parking, no fan in the bathroom (there is a vent though), and there isn't much room in the fridge since it's filled with purchasable items. We found cheaper parking down the street so no worries. Would def stay here again.This review is not for the actual rooms but for the top floor and terrace.  I was here for a reception and I wasn't quite sure where I was going.  The gentleman at the front desk seemed more than happy to help me and directed me where I needed to go.  Somehow he magically knew what I needed almost right away.  Anyway, top floor is gorgeous.  In a word, think MadMen.  The views are stunning especially as the sun sets and you get to see the city light up.  There staff was friendly and seemed eager to help everyone.  I didn't get to try some of the food because I didn't get around to it, but what I did have, some cooked vegetables, some pita and cheeses, were good.  I think the vegetables would have tasted better if they had kept them heated.  The drinks were good too!  As the reception was wrapping up, several attentive bartenders came up to us to make sure we had gotten any last drink orders in.  That impressed me because usually people just wanna close up shop and peace out, not ask for more work.  There were also a bunch of desserts.  My favorite was the fruit tart.  Just melt-in-your-mouth delicious!Such a great experience staying at this hotel for my wedding.  Staff really went out of their way to accommodate my stay.  From the coordinators, housekeeping, front desk, security, and bell services all were attentive and genuinely wanted to make my stay great.  They say it's all in the details and I would say that lowes fulfilled that from the embroidered pillow cases with name and date, multiple welcome notes, complimentary chocolates/chocolate covered strawberries/root beer/chocolate covered pretzels, rose petals, and champagne.  Well recommend all my friends visiting Philly to stay here.Their complimentary hot spiced apple cider was the bomb! I was sick almost the whole time I was there so it was helpful.  Rooms are nice.  I think I would have enjoyed it better if I wasn't so sick.  The only thing that was super annoying was the service downstairs.  It wasn't every day but some days some of the people at the restaurant acted shady and uniformed about things going on down there. 
Things are super expensive there so be prepared for that.  However, you can get to other places fairly easily.  Don't expect some of the front desk people to tell you. Some have no clue about anything outside of the hotel.  There were only two people that I knew I could go to that would give me good directions and information.The Loews is a renovated bank, and still boasts many of the original details of the building, including an old-timey bank vault and beautiful marble throughout. I love the Art Deco styling of the building.
I've stayed here as well as attended conference proceedings here. I liked my room very much when I stayed. It had a lovely view of the city, and was comfortable and quiet. My only complaint about my stay in the hotel would be that room service was particularly overpriced, even by hotel standards. 
As a conference venue, the Loews is A-OK. I did find some of the room layouts awkward for the presentations, but that may be due to the conference organizers as much as the hotel. And of course, it was overly air-conditioned, but this is typical of any conference setting. The only aspect of the conference that I would hold against Loews specifically is the lack of clear lobby signage; it took a while to find my conference, with two others (!) taking place simultaneously in the hotel.
I would recommend the Loews for your downtown Philadelphia stay, especially if you can finagle a deal on the rate.I loved my stay here. The room service was top notch the view was grade A and the mini bar was stocked with the best stuff. Too bad the girl I was dating at the time was a total B but that's neither here nor there. Beautiful atmosphere great location would stay again!I love this hotel!! The staff is amazing, the location is perfect, and the beds are amazingly comfortable. I stayed for about a week for work and ran a conference here. This is my go to hotel when planning conferences. I loved every minute of it. The meeting space is perfect and it's really cool how they still have the old bank door in their big ballroom- added a nice touch to our meeting. The bar/lounge down stairs was very convenient especially after a long day at work. The food is food- really good!! The location was perfect- I went out one night and explored the city with a friend and he took me to about 5 different places- all walking distance- from a tapas place to a hookah bar ending at a French restaurant. 
All in all definitely check out this hotel for a meeting or some where to stay when visiting the city. I'm back in Philadelphia tomorrow so I look forward to stopping by the hotel bar/ lounge.This is the second time I've stayed at the Loews--great both times!  The customer service is amazing.  There's 24 hour in room dining and it is actually good and really fast. The rooms are quiet--no noise from other rooms. I got sick during my stay and the staff extended my reservation and made sure I had everything I needed.  I appreciated that they went the extra mile to make sure I was comfortable.  The only thing I didn't like is that the mini-fridge had no room in it for take out.  Also, the doors slam really loudly--it's the only noise I heard in my room.Pros:
- Staff was very friendly. Doormen always greeted you, the front desk let us access the room earlier than we anticipated, and the cleaning woman pointed us to our room.
- Price was better than most hotels for the dates we stayed.
- Good location.
Cons: there is really only one - lack of cleanliness - but it's enough to dock 3 stars. We arrived in our room to find some blonde hair and some black hair on the bathroom floor, in the tub, and on the bathroom counter. When we were waiting for the elevators to take us down to the lobby, we noticed a thick layer of dust on the outside (see image). Then, to top it off, we returned to our room after a being gone the entire day only to find housekeeping had not come. We requested new towels which were plopped on the tv stand when we returned later in the night, but disappointingly there was not an effort made to clean up anything like the hairs in the bathroom.
I won't return to this location.Me and my girlfriend stayed there 12/28/13.  We awoke to find a mystery brown substance on the duvet about the size of a silver dollar .  WTF?!?!  Obviously the maid did not wash it, awesome.   Then we hear loud squawking coming from the hallway.   Mind you its about 8:00am on a Sunday.  Come to find out its the maid yelling about her crappy life to another co worker.  The squawking is perfect because we are both hungover.  This goes on for 20min.   My girl also finds peanuts by the tv stand and hair in the shower.  We complained to the front desk, but got no apology or "will take care of it" attitude.    I dont care about decor or modern furnishings if the room and staff are crap.  I have had cleaner, nicer, and more give a sh*& attitude from staff at a Holiday Inn.  
Take it from someone who travels A LOT,  find another hotel.Attended at wedding in the city Friday night.  We stayed one night at the Loews.  The hotel is very nice, the staff were very accommodating.   Check -in wasn't until 4:00 and the wedding was 4:30.  We were able to check in early enough to get ready without a lot of hassle.  The 3 star rating is for the $36 to park for less than 24 hours and the $12.95 they wanted for WI-FI.  Really?  I would have parked else where had I know what the charge for parking would be, and as for the WI-FI, went to a local coffee shop and got if for NOTHING!Had a massage through groupon. My initial experience was terrible, and the worst massage of my life, but then I emailed the staff there and they're going to try to fit me in on another day. Hopefully this time will be better than the last!Stayed there for a conference.
I used to travel for business -- 75+ nights a year on the road -- and I don't know that I've ever stayed at a hotel with better customer service than this one. Every single member of the staff was insanely helpful, and bent over backwards to make sure my stay was awesome and that the conference went off without a hitch. 
Location is great. Rooms are nice size and well appointed. Amenities are lovely. But it's the awesome staff that makes this hotel top notch.This hotel has excelled beyond my wildest dreams when it comes to service! I realized after I was in my room for the night that I had forgotten to pick up distilled water for my cpap machine. When I inquired where the closest drug store was, they offered to pick it up for me! I am amazed and delighted by their service and friendliness. While I'm at it, the room is very comfortable and pleasant, too!The Lowes seemed like the right choice to stay for a weekend in Philly.  Overall, we were satisfied, but for the price we paid, our expectations were greater then reality.  The biggest minus for me was the bed.  I was really surprised when I saw a rollout bed.  The layout of the room was strange.  A large but wasted hall way.   It looked like it was part of an enjoining room.  Also, I couldn't get the curtain to close all the way. Should be simple right?  The bed faced the window and that little crack of lite woke me. Other than that , the place is super clean, all staff were helpful and friendly.  But not sure I would come back.Called ahead because our plane was late and they said they would hold the room we had reserved months earlier. Then when we arrived they said they had no room for us. She barely apologized and that was that. The people checking in next to me were also quite frustrated and got no response. Bad management.Awesome place to stay!!! Beautiful hotel with very nice rooms. I was on the 30th floor so the view was spectacular!!! 
Very close to everything, walking distance to many sights!!!Had a really nice stay at this hotel during a wedding weekend - friendly staff, sharp decor, clean rooms, comfy beds. It was expensive, sure, but not beyond what I would expect for a Center City hotel as nice as this one was. It's close to basically everything, easily accessible, etc., & we had a great - FREE! - breakfast buffet on the office level on Friday morning. The bridal suite was massive & well-suited to our bridal party's needs, too, & the indoor balcony made for a nice photo op for the bride & groom pre-wedding. Did I mention that the higher-up floors have an incredible view of the city skyline?. Because they do. 
Pro-tip: Parking is terrible ($I think it was, like, $40 a night valet, or $20 a night at the skeevy lot around the corner?) so I drove out to Fishtown, parked on a residential street, & took an Uber back to the hotel for the weekend. 
Definitely worth checking out if you can stomach the prices. Worth it, I say.We came to Philly from NY just for one night for our 1 year wedding anniversary and randomly choose this hotel, mainly because of its location. We could not have had better service, everyone from valet to front desk was super polite. Kimberly from reservations upgraded our room free of charge when we said it was for our anniversary and we had a gorgeous king suite on the 22nd floor with amazing views of the Philly sky line. When we checked in our front desk agent really made the difference. Big shout out to Loly who was so friendly and really made our night special when she sent up a complimentary bottle of champagne and a delicious slice of chocolate cake! They also left two hand written cards, one from her and one from the manager! We've never stayed in a Loews hotel before but we will definitely look for them in the future from now on. Seriously well deserved 5 stars. Gracias Loly!!!  Love Mr. & Mrs. PegueroWhenever I am in Philly I stay at this hotel, and in the last two times they assigned me to the same room on the 16th floor. Not sure if that was by chance or not but when statistics are considered that is very infrequent. The rooms are modern and the king sized bed is comfortable. They have ihomes (radios) for the ipod or iphone which is good when traveling, it allows you to make the room feel somewhat like home. The staff is nice and valet is on time, but you have to stay on them if they get busy. The last time I went there I stayed for two weeks and when I went to get my car someone left the interior light on (it could not have been me since I arrived there during the day) it drained the battery so the car would not start not to mention there was a small dent on the side of the car. I tried to work it out with the manager but he was some kid and didn't really care too much, after 15 minutes of going back and forth, I called a friend at the Four Seasons and he told me he would call this guy's manager, which then it was still never worked out. The hotel lobby bar is very cool and modern. The location is great, I normally walk or catch a cab to get around the city.  
Even with the car thing I will be comming back.Absolute terrible customer service at this hotel.  I cannot comment on the rooms, as they were not able to honor my PAID in-full in advance hotel reservation.  We used Priceline to reserve a room at this hotel and upon our arrival were told they were overbooked and unable to give us a room.  They said they would relocate us directly across the street at a Marriott; however, when we went across the street, we were told we were at the wrong hotel.  I confirmed three times with the Loews Hotel employee that the hotel was directly ACROSS THE STREET.  THe hotel they actually relocated us at, and finding it after walking around downtown Philly, was actually several blocks away.  The Loews offered no sort of compensation or transportation, and just said there was nothing they could do.  I contacted their customer service twice, and have not received a response back in almost a week, not even an acknowledgement of my e-mail.  
I contacted Priceline and they were able to resolve the issue.  Thankful for them, because obviously the Loews does not care.Such a fantastic experience at the Lowe's Hotel these past few days. My company got a group of about 15 together for business meetings yesterday & today with colleagues from NJ, NY & PA, so we all arrived at different times via plane, train & car. We arrived yesterday morning for all-day meetings in one of the private conference rooms at the hotel & stayed the night at the hotel. From arrival to departure, the service from the staff here was exceptional.
David, the bellman, greeted me outside before I even had 1 foot out of the taxi. He took me straight to the check-in counter.
Jamie & Emily at the front desk assisted with my check-in and were SO cheerful and friendly! 
Duc, one of the food banquet guys, was my favorite of all. Since we were in the Anthony Conference Room on floor 3 for business meetings, we had catered lunch, drinks & snacks from the hotel. Duc was super attentive to our needs, came to refill waters & sodas from the table, set up the lunch table, & I was convinced he was psychic. Every time one of us would look around in need of something, Duc just had the uncanny super power of knowing what we needed (location of restrooms for example). Duc is awesome!!!
The rooms were HUGE, super clean, nicely decorated, new appliances & the soap products smell SO good. The bed was probably the biggest bed I have ever slept in. I should have slept horizontally to fully utilize the bed space. Fresh flowers in the lobby and a very pleasant experience upon arrival and every time we would walk through the lobby. 
The hotel was busy with other similar professional work groups in town, & the downstairs restaurant & bar (bar is called Bank & Bourbon) was unexpectedly quite the attraction of the lobby area. Even if you weren't staying at the Lowe's, I would highly recommend getting a drink at this bar. Friendly bartenders too. 
You're doing great work here, Lowe's! Looking forward to staying here again the next time I'm in Philly!Great location: walking distance from lots of restaurants and historic sites. The worst feature was the lack of refrigerator in the room! There is a mini fridge but only for the sale of their items. You get charged for merely opening it (see photo). So, if you plan to bring back leftovers or drinks, you're SOL. For over $200 per night, that is completely unacceptable.So, the Loews. I think it's changed my life. I've been to the Loews Hotel before; I hang out there on occasion in the lobby bar and watch football or major events on the four screens. It's fun and it's a comfy, elegant space. But this time I did more than hang around for an appetizer, I actually checked in for a Thanksgiving "staycation"! Oh the bliss!
Everyone (and I mean everyone) who attended to me from the doorman to the front desk and room service attendants were kind and helpful. 
Sometimes hotel rooms can make you feel claustrophobic, not at the Loews. My eyes lit up like Christmas lights when I saw my room. It was very spacious with high ceilings and a good view of the city skyline. The furniture was sleek & trendy as well as comfy. And the bathroom was quite large and well designed too! It had the razzle dazzle of luxury while still making me feel like it was a very liveable space. And the thing that made me really feel like a royal were the robes they had hanging in the closet. They made you feel like you were wrapped in warm chocolate silk.
This hotel is also near everything that's anything. That includes City Hall/Dilworth Plaza where there are always activities & events summer and winter; The Reading Terminal Market; Chinatown; Midtown Village; Avenue of the Arts; Rittenhouse Square; Old City, etc. Since I spent five glorious days at the Loews I made sure to take advantage of the promiximity of all of these great nearby locations. From Black Friday shopping, fine dining as well as cheap eats to movies and museums, I did it all! And the Loews made sure I did it in style.I stayed here for two nights recently for a friend's wedding and was largely impressed. The rooms are spacious and have good views, the lobby bar is nice and the food is good. I thought my room was well priced at 139/night, but that is below the normal price since we were part of a wedding guest block. The hotel staff were also very nice without being over the top. 
I only have two minor criticisms and I'd still recommend this hotel overall. First, the breakfast buffet is ridiculously expensive - 16 dollars for continental and a whole 35 dollars if you want anything hot. The food was good, but not 35 bucks for breakfast good! Walk to City Tap House for brunch instead. 
The other criticism is an unfortunate circumstance rather than anything the hotel is doing wrong, but it still affects the experience - the street/block the hotel is on does not smell good. Something was up with the sewer or something. Hopefully it's not always like that. Fortunately our room was on the twentieth floor and the street level smell was not an issue there.Overall I had a great experience here:
Pros
- Costumer service is top notch
- 24 hour room service, which is surprisingly good.  Plus they deliver wines by the glass or bottle.  And they tell you your order will take 30-40 minutes, which is totally tolerable, but every time I ordered I had my food in less than 20 minutes.  I'm talking breakfast, dinner, and dessert.  No idea how they do it, but damn Loews, you're winning me over
- Safe
- Convenient location (especially if you are going to Thomas Jefferson).  There are tons of restaurants featuring different cuisine within 4 blocks and many of them give you the option of take out
- Awesome gym.  Not only is it huge, but it has large windows that enabled me to stalk people in the Marriott across the street. Makes my feeble attempt at a workout so much better
- Cucumber-lemon water in the lobby and gym (naturally detoxifying!)  
- Amazing bath products.  The conditioner is off the chain and thick enough to use as a shave cream if needed (you're welcome)
- Super duper comfy bed
- Free wi-fi
- They'll hold your bags at Customer Service for as long as you want
- Nice lounge, with outlets everywhere
Cons
- Housekeeping could be a little better, but overall the room was clean, spacious, and very comfortable
- I stayed in room 923 in a Deluxe King room.  Per the website it says that 
Deluxe King rooms face "either downtown Philadelphia or Delaware River."  Yes my room did face downtown Philadelphia as in office buildings and other hotels.  However, it was not a big deal as I was only in my room to eat and sleep
- Parking is crazy expensive, but it is a city.  What did you expect?  
Next time I'm traveling I will definitely consider staying at a Loews again.I was supposed to attend a professional conference today, unbeknownst to me it was cancelled. As I wandered aimlessly on second floor mezzanine I stumbled in a ballroom and an employee stopped what she was doing to try and help me locate my conference. She stayed with me until she solved the case of finding out the conference was cancelled and she validated my parking. 
Superb customer service, I hope someone from the hotel sees this review and gives Andrella (spell check) a pat on her back.Only there for a conference - what an architectural time-capsule/gem. Wish some of the "updating" could have been less generic and more period-specific.We stayed here for a wedding and were pleased. Location is great, right down town. Room was decently sized, clean and nicely appointed.  Friendly and attentive staff. Great views of the city. They did a nice job keeping the PFSF decor. Ate breakfast at the hotel restaurant and they had scrapple on the menu. Yum! The only thing keeping this review from a 5 star rating was the lack of free internet in the room (free Internet in the lobby) and the toilet, a low flow variety, tended to clog. I'd stay here again.3-4 stars rating for EVENTS & Ballrooms (we did not stay at the hotel).  The space is lovely and events are well planned and well run here.  And the location is sooooo convenient.I stayed here for 4 nights for my first visit to Philadelphia with my new man. He was able to get a great deal on the "Bed & Breakfast" plan where you get a $50 breakfast credit for the morning after each night's stay. 
We had a corner room on the 12th floor with an amazingly comfortable king sized bed. The Loews also had a number of special touches that made our stay comfortable. The rooms come with a complimentary Keurig machine, supplied with coffee and tea. The bathroom amenities were high quality, and the hair dryer was heaps above the standard hotel ones. The lobby also had complimentary hot cider, and early morning there was a coffee bar set up. 
There was free wi-fi for 3 devices each day, and the signal was actually really strong, which was unexpected to say the least. 
About the "Bed & Breakfast" plan: Served at the hotel restaurant Bank & Bourbon, and we both felt it was only worth it if you always eat a hearty breakfast. I think we didn't reach the $50 at least twice, so YMMV...although you can easily reach it if you order juice, coffee, a main, maybe some fruit....etc.Checking front desk person was not nice and made a rude comment. Not a welcoming first impression. 
Valet was great and so friendly. Fast. 
Good location for Convention Center. 
Room. Fine. 
Best part of the whole stay: the buffet breakfast/ brunch!!
$30 buys you the most delicious spread of top quality meats/ fruits/ pastries/ EU style delicacies. 
The buffet should be on everyone's list while visiting Philly.Probably the best, most friendly staff of any hotel I've ever been to, (I typically hate everything/everyone). 
We arrived at 11:55, just planning on ditching our bags with the concierge until our room was ready, but much to our surprise, they had a room ready for us. Outstanding!
The rooms are modern, clean, and comfortable. Really what else do you want? 
For $250 total (Room was only $204 and parking overnight was $46), you simply can't beat this hotel. 
HUGE recommend. WAY better than the just average Sofitel. The service here was what sets it apart.As one of my co-workers put it, I am going to travel based on where the Loews are!  First rate hotel with excellent staff.  The room was nicely appointed.  
They had a refrig with a mini bar but would bring up a separate refrig so you can put your own food in free of charge.  
View of Philly was great. Lounge service awesome.  Concierge knew their stuff without even looking it up. 
Only minus is internet is not free in your room only in the lobby.We made a reservation in October, for this trip now in April. The reservation was made for TWO double beds. In addition, knowing that we were arriving late, the room was fully paid for to secure the requested room, and a follow up phone call was made two weeks prior this trip.
Upon arrival, there was only one full bed. Due to the late arrival, they were unable to accommodate any room switch. When calling in the morning, I was told that people still needed to check in and they would see what they could do. Considering the fact that we were here for a rather large conference, I knew the chances of obtaining a room as the day went on. Further more, I do not understand why they "needed to see who else needed to check in" when our room was reserved and fully paid for. 
This room also is a handicap accessible room, which means that there are shower accommodations, and there is a handheld shower head. When the shower head is on the stand, it shoots right at the wall which makes it difficult to just shower. 
I know that Loews has a great reputation, but this visit is very disappointing and just unacceptable. Clearly, despite having reservations, they blatantly do not have any care for their paying customers. 
P.S. Thanks for the roll-away bed, it is awesome (read sarcasm)We were planning a trip to Philly for a long weekend and found a great deal for Loews on Priceline. Hotel is centrally located and perfect for tourists like us trying to see it all in three days. Parking was outrageous but apparently comparable to everyone else at a banging$46 a night. Rooms were clean, beds comfortable, decor modern. Housekeeping was good at keeping up with rooms. Concierge was helpful when looking for place to watch Rousey fight and eat thai food. No spectacular views of city from my room which would have been a complaint had I paid full advertised rate. They know when you book through Priceline and place you accordingly in standard double queen rooms. Totally fine by me! We werent looking for the luxury, we were looking for location without paying a fortune. There are deals out there that can land you in a place like Loews for a hundy a night.  At that price, in Center City, who can complain?Nice looking barkeeper, who serves fast and with a smile :-) sometimes he even does a trick or two ;-) I ordered a global jukebox: cherry infused rum, Chili liquer, port wine and watermelon. Really worth a try!One thing that I can't stand is when the staff lies to you.  
I recommend anyone looking at this place to skip past it and just stay across the street at the Marriott.This is the hotel where the Republican party met in Jan. 2017 to discuss how to repeal Obamacare and remove health insurance from millions of Americans.Still undergoing renovations, but the changes are looking good so far! The updated rooms are well done...very modern furnishings with lots of space! Also they are starting to do all the things that a hotel should..the updated toiletries are very nice quality, as are the bedding, etc. What I'm most impressed by tho is the clear upgrade in customer service that has taken place over the past 6 months. I don't know how they did it, but most of the staff's politeness was forced previously...and much of the staff seemed as if they'd rather be somewhere else (save for the bar staff...they've always been great!). Now everyone there seems like they've worked in 4-star settings for a long time...very gracious, very relaxed and clearly very focused on you the guest. I'm impressed!
The place will take another huge leap forward when the new restaurant, called the Bank & Bourbon, opens in the coming months. The plans and menu look awesome!!!
Kudos, Loews...you have reinvented yourself and done a wonderful job of it!This hotel was very conveniently located to all the things my husband and I needed to do in Philly during our last visit there. Close to many historical sites, some live music venues, our friend's art gallery, shopping, and great food. The doormen were always on top of their game, never missed a beat. I felt looked after and safe. It was really easy to get a taxi or rideshare to-and-from the hotel. Inside, the lobby was comfortable where I found a mix of tourists and business people. The front desk and concierge were all smiles (which is so appreciated!) and ever-helpful. I really felt like I was a regular treated with such kindness and respect, and that they recognized me. The elevators were quick and in good working condition. Our room was spacious, clean, and had a nice view of the boulevard. Though it was humid and hot outside, it was nice and cool inside. I appreciated that the desk working area was large and plentiful. And I always appreciate hotel rooms where electrical outlets are placed thoughtfully. I would definitely stay here again!We just got back from a four night stay over the holiday weekend and we cannot be happier with our hotel choice!   Our room was phenomenal and everyone there was so nice.  It was remarkable, the level of customer service and kindness every staff member exuded.  
Check in and out was easy and quick.  When the called to confirm our reservation, they found out we were celebrating our anniversary and there was a bad title
Of
Champagne sent up to our room, along with a beautiful card that was not only signed by a number of the staff, but had notes of well wishes written in as well--classy and such a nice,
Personal touch.   Excellent location and top staff--we wouldn't stay anywhere else!I stayed here a couple nights this week, my most recent trip to Philly.
What I liked most about this place was how absolutely incredibly wonderfully dog-friendly it is, from early morning to late at night, from absolutely every person who works here (the guys in the parking garage, the guy who held the door, the concierge, the front desk people, the guy who helped with suitcases, the people who work in the bar, the guy who was cleaning the carpets, the woman who brought towels, the guy who brought soap, etc) -- there was no forced-smile contrived patronizing WHO'S A GOOD BOY cold-hearted patting on the head, my little buddy would've snapped at 'em, he hates insincerity just as much as I do -- they even gave him his own water bowl and food bowl and place mat and poop-bags and dog-tag, all to keep and take home... This aspect was awesome...
As for everything else, it was fine -- a little anonymous and corporate feeling, a little generic perhaps, not necessarily the most luxurious or posh, but they do their best to make you feel warm and welcome -- and the location was awesome -- nowhere I went or winded coming back from was more than a few blocks away... I'd definitely return!Room was comfortable, but paying for internet ($10/night) was a petty ripoff. Really? Even cheap motels are giving free wifi, and a place this expensive should have it as an amenity. It is also horrible quality; I couldn't even log onto some sites, or it was dialup slow. Location is nice, only a few blocks from some really nice restaurants and shops, as well as the historical district. It took me almost 10 minutes to get from the 30th floor to the Lobby...most of it waiting on my floor. What's the deal?