Solid addition to the neighborhood. We live close by, so we've gotten take-out and dined in several times now. Never had a bad experience. 
Everything we've tried so far has been somewhere between Ok to Outstanding. (The Mega Cheese Fries are amazing, but so rich it's def. a once-in-awhile only food.) Strombolis and pizza are particularly good. The pasta is maybe a smidge overpriced for what you get. 
Delivery is fast, service is friendly, prices are reasonable overall. I'm a fan.The food is great, prices are great and the people are even better! I advise that if you eat here to try the tiramisu it's seriously the best I've ever had!!They have really great chicken caesar salads with a generous amount of chicken.
Inside is nice and clean, a great place to sit or take out from.I love how the pizza isn't oily and the pasta is always made to perfection. Also a great place to come for a decent cheesesteak.We had just finished seeing some of the attractions nearby, and decided that the kids needed some food. Pizza is what our youngest would live off of if given the choice, so I said we should try this place out. We were greeted and had a place to sit in about ten minutes. We took that as a good sign. That was where anything good about this place ended. We ordered our food (two cheesesteaks, a burger, mega fries, and a 12" cheese pizza) and awaited what smelled like amazing food. The table to our right had been sat mere minutes before us and had their pizza delivered to their table first. I was excited because I thought that meant that our pizza would come out before our food as well. Then we watched as two groups who came in after us ordered, ate, and paid while we continued our wait. Thirty minutes later I looked over to see the table to our right finally receive their food. They ate and were waiting to pay as our mega fries finally arrived. At this point, we were so hungry (despite the fries being extremely soggy and only the top being covered with cheese) we devoured the fries in minutes. Ten minutes later the burger and first cheesesteak came. Our eleven year old sat and became aggitated. Which after waiting 40 minutes, was understandable. We had our cheesesteaks and burger, yet no pizza. We watched as others had their orders filled, when finally we realized what had probably happened- our order had been forgotten- hence the extremely long wait. The food was mediocre at best, we had better pizza the first night in Philly across town. I understand that this can be a "tourist" town, but don't neglect your product simply because their is "demand."I ordered the antipasto salad. It was better than your regular antipasto, because the selection of vegetables was unique. Brussels sprouts and cauliflower! The service was friendly and attentive. Go there!Came in when fairly empty on a sunday night. Should've just gotten it to go, because almost an hour later we were still waiting on almost the entire order. Ordered 2 chicken cheesestakes w/ fries, was presented with one  (not impressive at all), and no accompanying fries. Husband and I too hungry to wait so we ate that but had to ask about the rest of our food. Told they were backed up. But while we waited a family of 8 managed to get their food even though they came in 15-20min after us. Not to mention the one kiddo working, when nicely asked where our order was, put his hands up and said "hey man I've only been here 30min." Really? You think that's the appropriate response? They also didn't have a manager present. Because that makes sense. Not bothering here again. Wasn't even good. Should have gone to mcdsPizza was below average and toppings are used scarily. A pie will run you around $18. I wouldn't recommendDon't bother.  Service was bordering on combative and food didn't offset that awful experience.  I lived in Philly for years and this place used to be good but is no longer worth going to.I really don't understand the bad reviews about this place. This place definitely has pizza that is worth more than the price. Their salads are more than what you'd normally expect from a place like this, and did you see what it was before? A divey-pizza joint called Little Johns. This is a huge step from that and is a pretty great contribution to this neighborhood. I live a few blocks away, and I'm thankful that there's an affordable and nice place near by to grab a quick bite to eat that's not soaked in grease. And to the guy complaining about no grape leaves on the Greek salad???? This isn't a Greek restaurant, I'm not sure if you're very informed about the restaurant industry, but to have fresh stuffed grape leaves available for a salad that someone orders maybe once or twice a day, if even, is insanely unethical. Plus I've been to established Greek restaurants that don't standard give out grape leaves with every salad... So I'm confused as to why that's supposed to be real criticism. Also a twelve inch pizza here is 7$ and pretty good quality (to the woman stating this is the most expensive place in the world.) I personally enjoy it here. It's a nice addition to the neighborhood, and if anything it's exceeded my expectations!I'm so disheartened after seeing some of the 1 and 2 star reviews on here! I will clarify that (so far) my experiences with them have been via delivery and I haven't had a chance to dine in yet.
Their delivery is always consistent, first and foremost. I've ordered from them what feels like a gagillion times now: we've had their special white pizza (really delicious), their BBQ chicken pizza, their wings (so good!), and some of their pasta specials. I really enjoy their pizza, especially their specials such as the white pizzas. The quality has always been consistent and the food is HOT HOT when it arrives...and for delivery, they're one of the quickest/most efficient. I think it's neat that if you order through their website you get 5% off your order...and there's a little tracker to let you know when your food is on the way!Good crust to their pizza. It didn't seem to have a lot of flavor to the pizza, but maybe my taste buds are a little off today. It was hot and fresh. It has a small dining room. Order at the counter. Get your own drink and condiments from the side of the room. They will bring the pizza to you. It is in a residential area. Parking seems to be in the street. Nice employees, though they are busy so it isn't perfect service. Affordable slices of pizza.I ordered 24 buffalo wings for delivery. With tip and everything it came to ~$22. They came without sauce. Just plain wings. That oversight a) is inexcusable by itself, and b) makes you wonder what else they overlook. I do not recommend this place. Nino Francis has a decent sauce, is open late-night, is cheaper, and never once had such a terrible oversight.Visiting philly with my kids, stopped by Logan's later in the evening. Pizza came out fast and was tasty. Staff was really helpful and nice. Not a lot of room inside so call ahead if you're going to bring more than 4 people.I trek to Logan Square and Pizza & Grill from South Philly for their AWESOME al pastor tacos, Mexican pizzas and flan. Don't let the random facade fool you-- this is legit Mexican food.Gotta downgrade this a bit. New ownership took over awhile back and gave them some time to work out the kinks, but the fact is that the overall quality is lower. They got rid of really outstanding staff and replaced them with people who are ... fine. They got rid of some good menu items and jacked up the prices considerably. They also stopped honoring their rewards program, even though it is still advertised on the menus and website, which I'm pretty sure is illegal.
They did add some mexican food options which are pretty good, but again, they are way overpriced. 
We still go here on occasion since it's so close to home, but it is no longer our go-to. You won't regret your meal here, but you can get better value for your dollar elsewhere.Pretty good! Considering what they replaced. Work nearby and NEVER went to the previous. They have friendly staff, nice ambiance for a lunch place. Pretty solid food,The pizza from here is amazing. The food is always delicious, and the value/delivery are great as well. We had food delivered for the Super Bowl, and everybody was asking us for the name of the place we ordered from. Normally I want a pizza to have meat on it to enjoy it, but their white cheese lover's pizza is out of this world - we probably order that more than half the time now. I also love their buffalo chicken pizza (with blue cheese). My wife loves the BBQ, though I think pizzas from here really shine when you get a blend of cheeses. Also, you save a little if you order online through their website rather than a third party website.The dining experience is awesome the friendly cordial staff know about the business... The food is all traditional house made Greek style Mediterranean infused. .. From the delicious house made sauces to the house made pastas, calzones, cheese steaks, and strombolis... an elegant yet casually relaxed environment and has very good rapport with the neighborhood and community..a fine addition to the heart of Logan Square area of Philadelphia Pennsylvania... It is also a good spot to eat right after visiting the Franklin Institute, Academy of Natural Sciences, the art museum, as well as the Philadelphia free library... And a perfect dating spot when taking a stroll up and down the Benjamin Franklin ParkwayIf I was just reviewing the food, it would be a 4, but the service made it so I will never order from this place again. I ordered off Grubhub and was given an expected delivery time of 9:15pm, and kept receiving updates that it would be on time. 9:35 rolls around and still no food, so I call the restaurant. I was told "young lady, it's on its way." I commented that it was supposed to be here at 9:15 and it's now 20 minutes late. The response: "young lady, delivery is 45 minutes." I said that I ordered at 8:30, so it's been more like an hour for delivery. "Well, young lady, he left 11 minutes ago. It's on its way." Apparently, I was supposed to wait like a good girl and not complain. Oh, and the food was cold when it arrived. It was good once I heated it back up, but not worth being patronized. Never again!Philly's best kept secret? Best pizza of my life! The alfredo pizza is a must! Would stay near here on future trips.. just for the pizza.Good crust , fast service, very reasonably priced and yummy. $15.50 bought me a larger half sausage and half mushroom and a bottle of ginger ale! What a deal for CC Phila. 
My new go to spot for pizza!Stopped by here on Saturday night after leaving the meeting of families festival (Pope Francis) they were on our long walk home that awaited us. They were open late & busy! We ordered 1 slice of cheese pizza, pork tacos, & an ice tea. We were charged for 2 slices of pizza, as there were 3 cashier girls talking & laughing amongst themselves & half listening to customer's orders. No biggie but my hubby is Lactose intolerant & I wasn't going to eat 2 slices, we gave the extra slice to a cop getting off her shift.
*Staff friendly but distracted, but that may have been a one time thing.
*Pizza tasted good.
*Tacos really good.
*Location was great & they had decorated it nicely with white & yellow balloon arches for Papal visit for their outdoor seating area.
*Hours great open late.
*Vibe great crowd.
Yes, we'd eat here again but we'd double check the order before paying next time.We not gonna give you what you are willing to pay for... is what I gathered when I ordered a custom Philly cheesesteak. This place came highly recommended from the dinosaur museum that we toured. Needless to say I won't be back. I ordered a Greek salad and a cheesesteak with half only onion and the other half with peppers, mushrooms and onion. I only ordered this to share because I wanted to taste a real cheesesteak and we had a few hours before our dinner reservations at Ruth Chris. Well she said that the chef didn't want to make our order.... last time I checked if you are a chef in a what appeared to be and empty restaurant isn't it your job to please the guest??! Well needless to say his or her unwillingness to make my custom order was a turnoff from the start. The server came back and advised is that they were outta feta cheese which is what makes the Greek salad and asked is if we still wanted it... nope! The cheesesteak was actually really good! I'd say if you are looking for a good cheesesteak to come here but don't expect to customize your order in any way... on a positive note our server was nice and polite. I'd definitely come back but the chefs unwillingness to give me what I wanted was a real turnoff.Live in the neighborhood, been going for about a year (since it opened).  Stopped in there recently and was shocked that the server told me that they don't serve tap water any more, you have to purchase a drink.  The irony is that they are a BYOB!
When we got the drinks (no lemonade available), the server brought us pint glasses with ice.  (So it is not like they don't have glasses or ice.)
Food is good, I generally like the Logan Square Grinder Special (rolls are pretty good).
The chicken parm grinder is meh.
Soups are good (fresh).
Calzones are good.
Pasta is fresh made.
In the future, I will be ordering for pick-up only, it's a shame.Great food, great service!  We opted for stopping here instead of eating at the Franklin Institute.  Best decision of the day.  We will be back next trip!This place is literally the worst. I've never seen such bad service in my life and that's really saying something. They need to have better staff. They messed my order up twice and when I said I wanted to cancel they had a hissy fit and grudgingly returned my money. Seriously, I've never posted a bad review for a place or been more determined to until today.I ordered here 3 times for different items over the past weekend - pizza, hoagie trays, cheesesteak - all were of great quality, on time, service was great over the phone, in person, and delivery.  They were a great help in getting me and my coworkers fed for this past weekend.I don't think I've ever seen a restaurant handle a group of 26 people so well. The waitress was attentive, the food was hot and all brought at the same time, and I was super impressed.I am giving the low score not for the quality of food as that is on point but for the awful customer service experience I had.  I placed an order on grub hub to which I received confirmation my order would arrive in 50 minutes.  After a little over an hour had gone by I called Logan square to check up on my order.  They had said they "turned grub hub off" and we're not taking orders.  I asked well what about mine that went through and I was told was coming?  To which the girl basically said too bad it's not coming.  I explained I already waited an hour and a half at this point and now I have no dinner at all, the girl did not care and just kept reiterating that they turned grub hub off.  I was charged for the order and it did go through but they did not care and did not offer another solution at all.  Had they offered to place the order and get it out to me ASAP I may not have minded as much but she didn't do anything and was extremely rude.  I will not be ordering from here ever again as they can't be trusted.The Specialty White pizza was good, as well as the wings. We will definitely be back and I look forward to making it over for the lunch specials. The staff was friendly on the phone and when I picked up the food.We have ordered from here 1/2 dozen times during the past few months including tonight via Grub Hub. There food is great, never had a bad experience. Great pizza, super sandwiches on great rolls and their gyros are really good. One thing they also do great are their salads. The Greek salad is super, and we get it all the time. One other thing is they beat the delivery time every singly order we have made. Glad we found them and will keep ordering!Fantastic! On a weekend trip to Philly my bf and I went to the Franklin institute and decided to eat somewhere after. We tried Pat's and Geno's the day before and it was extremely underwhelming and unsatisfying so I was still craving a good philly cheesesteak. Since it was right around the corner from Franklin Institute we stopped by and ordered a Speciality Stromboli, Alfredo fries, and a philly cheesesteak. Serving sizes are enormous and pics don't do it justice. Everything was fantastic and inexpensive and I was so glad we stopped here because I definitely got my philly cheesesteak fix. Highly recommended!We had a rather large party and they accommodated us very well. Great place and pretty awesome food!Decided to order pizza for delivery. It was better than Fairmount Pizza and worlds better that Pete's. Will give them another chance on the cheesesteaks, eventually.Pretty solid pizza and wings that's a go to for a weekday pizza & beers night.Got the Meat Lovers Calzone ($9.99), which might have been a special because I ordered it off their chalkboard and didn't even look at the menu. Aside from it being really oily, I was really happy with the size of it and value! My picture isn't the best, doesn't do it justice to show all the meat that was inside..but I was satisfied with all the meat inside. I think it was Italian sausage, ham, and something else...to be honest, I wasn't paying attention because I was really hungry from walking around in 97 degree weather so I was just stuffing my face. :)  I also liked that the bread wasn't too thick of fluffy, filling me up and leaving less room for the meat. I wasn't able to finish it all by myself, and I think it's great to share.I'm not sure what has been going on the past few months here but since they've been remodeled it seems to have been going downhill FAST. I would gladly take the older looking store for the better service. We used to order from here all the time but recently we've been over charged, been given the wrong order, and I've actually placed orders on the phone with them to only go in 20 minutes later (when my pick up time was 15) to only find out they haven't even made my order. It's completely absurd and I'm not sure why they can't figure it out. There's also ALWAYS people smoking by the doors- you're a food place, that's the last thing your staff should be doing near your main entrance. They need to get some training in there STAT.On all honesty, its terrible. I would never come here again. Ive gone to bad restaurants but this place is by far the worst. I wouldnt even give it a star but this is the lowest you can rate a place. The chef shouldnt even be consisered a chef.We have ordered delivery several times. Pizza steak is consistently good, also the onion rings, fries and greek salad. Good pizza tool. Delivery is prompt. And once when the delivery order was late (due to mixing up north/south on our address) they came back later with two free desserts and a soda! How often does something like that happen with a delivery service! We are happy to support our local pizza jointPizza was OK. I know Im spoiled living in Brooklyn. Was working Made In America festival and ordered. Delivery boy was tenacious in tracking me down. Pizza arrived nice and hot despite me making it hard for him.Before yesterday, I would have given Logan Square a 5/5. We have ordered pizza in the past for company events (internal and external) and had a good experience with solid pizza and service. 
Yesterday, we ordered via Foodler and scheduled the delivery for 6:30 as we had an event at 7 p.m. Whoever got the order did not confirm it and apparently didn't bother to read the entire thing either.
Our pizza arrived at 4:30 p.m. or so. Way too early to still be tasty for our guests who were arriving at 6:45/7. I called the store and informed them of the situation, and the man who answered the phone, after telling me the order was already sent out repeatedly,  said they would send our order at 6:30. What I didn't realize is that they were going to rewarm the same pizza and send it back - it was disgusting and overcooked. Having gotten pizza from there before, I know that's not the state that it ever arrives in. So, we are pretty unhappy with whoever messed up the order and then didn't fix it correctly. Gross.
Needless to say, we're a pretty unhappy customer and will be finding a new vendor.The food was tasty (even though it wasn't what I ordered). Don't expect great service, but if you didn't want to buy overpriced museum food, then this is the closest fix.Amazing food, Fried eggplant pizza, was great, the wait staff needs go the extra mile. I'm from Queens ny and on vacation with my family the pizza was on point.Stopped in between sightseeing for a quick dinner with the kids. Staff was friendly. Pizza, fries and chicken fingers were tasty and a very good value! Would recommend to anyone heading to the nearby museums.I live near this joint and have eaten there countless times. The staff is friendly, the salads are always fresh! Their pick up times are on point. I like the cheeseburger, not a biggest fan of their pizza although the Logan special is decent.For a quick bite a block away from the Franklin Institute, you can't do any better. The food came quickly and was delicious. We enjoyed the various permutations of cheese steaks on the menu, but there was also a great selection of pasta, salads, wraps, pizza, and more. The service was exceptionally friendly and polite. We accidentally dropped our pizza on the floor and the staff promptly cleaned it up and brought us a fresh pizza, free of charge.Great food, excellent service, and charming atmosphere make this place a real gem. The friendly staff made us feel right at home.This is a very unassuming place - the service was amazing and the caesar salad was sooo good!  I will visit again for that salad alone!Stopped in for lunch and had a hoagie. It was good, tasty. Your typical neighborhood pizza shop and a nice lunch stop out of the office.Good cheesesteaks and chicken parm.  Chicken tenders and french fries are standard premade kid stuff. 
The bread on the pizza cheesesteak was a little dry and crunchy as they bake the cheesesteak after assembly. I preferred the regular cheesesteak. 
Bonus is that it is across from the entrance to the Franklin Institute.Ordered the Vegetarian Supreme for pickup.  Three of us agreed that it was pretty good - fresh toppings and cooked perfectly.  My wife could not believe that it came from Logan Square Grill.
Will definitely be coming back for more.Most expensive pizza ever. So not worth the price. I wanted to know why my pizza didn't have gold in it. I don't think I'll be going here again anytime soon.The food is good, but I won't be ordering again from here after my most recent experience. Ordered a pizza with 2 toppings, it showed up a little late with the wrong topping (olives, so not an inoffensive topping) even though the receipt showed our order went in correctly. Called immediately and was told the new pizza would be out of the oven in 12 minutes and on its way soon after. We were supposed to leave the house within 20 minutes for a game but decided to wait it out. 45 minutes and 3 calls to the restaurant later (an hour and 45 minutes after the initial order), still no pizza. Then the driver finally showed up and wanted the initial incorrect pizza back. The woman on the phone was courteous but offered no alternatives aside from trying to get in touch with the driver and us leaving 25 minutes late for the game after waiting on a pizza.I know I give a lot of 5 star reviews but I'm a write something nice or nothing at all kind of reviewer.  Huge sandwich, fries and soda for 7.99 on the same block as the Franklin institute.  Nice and clean with friendly service.Had a Greek Salad which was just so-so.  Usually a Greek Salad comes with anchovies, red onions and a stuffed grape leaf and some good oregano.  This was pretty generic.  I can get better, cheaper in other places.  Nice place.  Clean and all.  So far, not a good start in my book.I love the pizza and wings here so much that I referred to our admin at my company and we order from here now! Love it! Timely service and friendly staff! Love nick !!!!I've had their pizzas a few times. Each time, they were delicious! The crust not too thick and not too thin.... Lots of toppings even on the meat lovers. What more could you ask for? I am very happy this place has opened up in my neighborhood!Dear Logan Pizza, please skip the brown cardboard boxes for cheesesteaks. Boxes are nice looking, but just wrap the thing aluminum foil. It makes the whole thing congeal and gooey. And it stays hot. Also, too much roll - which always seems stale. 
While John's pizza was kinda scuzzy, they made a mean ass cheesesteak. And, I'm telling you, the key is to wrap it in foil. 
Also, the last thing this neighborhood needed was another goddamn pizza place. Seriously.
I've lived across the street for a year now (and go elsewhere for all dining needs) and I'm from Philly, so I know what I'm talking about. Don't let the "LA" location make you think my opinion doesn't matter.Logan Square Pizza is a really convenient and reliable place if you live in this area. I've always been really happy with my pizza and appreciated the friendly staff! My first visit here, the order placed over the phone was recorded incorrectly, and they were more than happy to re-make the pizza. Although this should be a given, I still really appreciate the "customer is always right" mentality. 
Service is fast and pizza has always been fresh. They have pick up and delivery which is always a plus!
I really like the margherita pizza! It's a perfect amount of all ingredients... a lighter option since it has less cheese. I've also enjoyed the veggie pizza which was customized with no complaints from the staff.I stopped in here, and it was fantastic! The woman at the front counter is very out going, polite, and has wonderful customer service skills. I ordered some eggplant cutlets and they were to die for, and the french fries were crispy just how I like them but not burned. She also gave me a complementary taco to try since they have taco Tuesdays.Very good pizza. I came here when I was spending the night in Pennsylvania and the pizza was delicious. I definitely suggest this place.Pizza was ok. It tasted fresh. Service was ok. The waitress/cashier was very pleasant. The ambience was very laid back, very casual. Just another pizza place joint.I really wanted to like this place after reading the other reviews, but I had the most frustrating experience trying to order a pizza for take out. 
The woman at the front seemed inexperienced and did not know how to use the cash register. I wanted to order a pizza that was half margherita and half pepperoni and sausage, and it took 20 minutes for the woman to figure out how to send that order to the kitchen. She then charged as if the toppings were for the entire pizza rather than half ... I'm not sure if that's how it's done at this restaurant, but she didn't mention this as I was ordering, and I didn't want to wait another 10 minutes for her to figure it out. I ended up paying $22 for one pizza .... ridiculous. 
The pizza itself was pretty good and tasted hot and fresh, but was not amazing, and was definitely not worth the trouble.Ordered a prosciutto pizza and some buffalo wings for pick up. Total was $27 excluding tip. Was disappointed to find out that there was a special going on for 2 large pizzas for $17 that we didn't know about. Also, if you order online, you save 5%. Missed out on that too.
Place was pretty empty on a Friday night.
Pizza was average - sauce was a little on the sweet side. There wasn't much prosciutto (if any) on the pie, and very little slices of tomato or basil. After one bite, the cheese fell off. Like slid right off the pizza. This continued with every slice that was eaten. Really annoying. 
Wings were on the soggy side. Tasted like Frank's Hot Sauce on it.
Overall nothing special.Order from here sometimes. The service is quick, food is hot and good, prices are reasonable. Order is always correct.I've ordered from here numerous times, always the veggie pizza and it's delicious! I've tried other places around but this place takes the cake!!Was babysitting my toddler cousin in the Logan Square area and when I asked her what she wanted for dinner she told me in true toddler style, "Pizza and Mac and Cheese."  I love having cheese with a side of more cheese for dinner so I took a chance on Logan Square Pizza & Grill.  They didn't have pizza on their menu but I ordered us a large pizza and I ordered myself an incredibly tasty burger!  For about $12 you can get a burger with any three topics on want.  I got bleu cheese, onion rings and jalapenos and it was absolutely delicious.  The pizza was very good, as well.  The staff was very friendly and they made the food very quickly.  I would definitely go back again!Great Buffalo Chicken Stromboli, Fresh salads, and good fries!  Service staff was unexperienced and could use a little more knowledge about the food, but all in all nice little place to get a quick meal.  MUCH better than its predecessor!Stopped here before a field trip to the Franklin Institute with 15 teenagers -- we had organized everything ahead of time, and the pizza was served almost immediately! The staff was wonderful and the pizza rocked. Most kids said it was their favorite part of the trip (haha).Great pizza!  Amazing cheese steaks!!  Polite, capable staff.  Love this place!
I go three times a week and never get tired of it.  They have such a large menu that you never exhaust the possibilities.  I can't keep away nor would I want to .  Check it out.Horrible service on top of overpriced food. Charged more money for food then what was said on menu. Okay food but not great. Don't waste your time here.Attended the restaurants soft opening. All in all not bad. Standard pizza shop fare.  The staff was friendly but appeared to be new to serving. 
There were 7 of us, 4 adults and 3 children.  The staff was very kind to the children in our party.  The pizza was good, nothing out of the ordinary.  It was however not overly greasy.  The location was great for grabbing a bite after a long morning at the Franklin Institute.It's safe to say that these guys know me when I walk in the door - I go there that often. A close walk from home, it's kind of hard to not go there (OK, order delivery) when I'm craving pizza. I think that the pizza is good - I usually make my own (huge fan of the fresh garlic as an option); but I've had the vegetarian supreme and it's really good. I've also had the cheese steak and variations of it (pizza steak, chicken steak, etc.). Their not the best, but they are good for the price. I think what I like the most about this place, other than the expansive menu, is the service. The person working the phones and register is always nice and friendly. I've never had any problems with them. One time an order was taken incorrectly and they quickly made a new pie, no questions asked.
Overall, it's a cute pizza place in the Logan Square neighborhood. The windows on the side facing 21st open up and you can enjoy the weather without the sun. If you prefer sun they have outdoor seating on Race (perks of having the corner location). If you're at the Franklin Institute, the Art Museum, or any of the other museums on the Parkway and you're looking for a quick, well-priced bite, look no further!My boyfriend and I came here on a hangry whim while visiting philly for the weekend. The place is cute, bathrooms are clean, and the pizza is SO GOOD. Unfortunately for the waitress/hostess/superwoman, about 20 people showed up just as we sat down - she did a killer job being attentive. 
We can't stop talking about how good the pizza was, we will be back for sure.This cute corner pizzaria seats approximately 40 people max, with a quaint BYOB atmosphere. However, when my group of 26 college age students in town for a conference booked a reservation, they not only welcomed us with open arms, but also provided AMAZING food at an extremely affordable price. All 26 of us ate full portions (appetizers, meal and dessert, as well as 2 sodas each) for under $425. The service was fast and accurate, the waitress was funny and would engage in sassy banter with us, and omg-- the food. The portions were huge. I got a chicken cheese steak and there was at least a pound of chicken on the sub. No one could finish their calzones because they were so large and cheese packed. While it was all so delicious, nothing beat the NUTELLA DESSERT PIZZA. For $10, we got a 16 inch dessert pizza that contains nutella and marshmallows between two pizza doughs (like a quesadilla almost) baked to perfection and topped with powdered sugar. Definitely will come back!Logan Square Pizza & Grill certainly has a good pie.  I would say, its in my top 5 of pizza joints in Philly.  I have a few go-to's and this is certainly one of them.
I usually get a pizza with ground beef and olives (I know how it sounds, but don't knock it til you try it...you can thank my good friend and fellow yelper for that one)! or we build our own with different cheeses, fresh garlic, and spinach.  I really enjoy their white pizza's.
Their red sauce is a little sweet for my taste, but it isn't as sweet as many of the places in Philly.   I think the sweet sauce might be a Philly thing and I am just not into that, Logan Square pretty much hits a happy medium, not sweet like a lot of others, but still a little sweet...there is so much flavor though, so I don't mind the sweetness too much.
Fast delivery and very friendly staff.  Definitely a good staple in your pizza rotation!