The food was good, not great, the atmosphere was fun and lvively. Drinks were large and wine list was pleasing.I went here last night with some of my friends. Good place, but nothing to RAVE over. I got the beet and goat cheese salad which was sub par. The vegetable platter was amazing though! Huge! Good place to go with friends, but nothing AMAZING. Good location and we sat outside!Delicious plates! Well stocked bar and a nice array of beers make this Rustic corner spot a must go to. You can tell the chef has a great grasp of food and also a wonderful, exciting and colorful concept for their dishes. Happy hour specials are great too!Beer list is good and the bartender was very knowledgeable and friendly. Food was ok. Wings were small and blah. The burger, which is the yardstick of civilization, was way over cooked. Ordered medium well and was burned.One of my favorite places to come to on a warm evening. The food is delicious, drinks are far from weak and the staff are some of the friendliest I've ever encountered. As I already said, I prefer sitting outside (good for people watching), however love sitting in the pub area as well. Looking forward to visiting again this summer!!I fell upon this great little pub after a tour at ESP. What a find! Excellent food and interesting beers. The atmosphere was perfect. To the man at the table next to us (Saturday 12/28 about 2pm) with the blue sweater-if your date was not successful, PLEASE look me up!This place is great! We happened upon it accidentally on a Saturday morning but will definitely be back. Lots of outdoor seating, nice brunch menu, excellent Bloody Mary bar !! Friendly staff too. We had hummus and a bomb diggity kale salad. I'm a vegetarian so only a few options for brunch but they seem very accommodating.  We will be back!We stopped here for post-dinner drinks after eating at Bridgid's. I can't speak to the food (since we didn't order any), but the bar was pretty nice. We got there at around 10pm on a Saturday night and it wasn't that busy. We got a table near the bar and had plenty of room.
The beer selection was good (a requisite for me). I got a Brooklyn Pilsner and enjoyed it. The service was OK - a little slow, but the waitress was pleasant. 
The only thing I wasn't crazy about was that there was a table with middle-aged people making out right next to our table - I mean really making out, not just like a kiss here and there. I found this to be somewhat egregious. This is really not the restaurant's fault, but I just figured I would mention it so if it happens to you, I can say 'I told you so.'
Overall, I would consider coming back.nice restaurant, but small. the lighting is not good for us 40+...smile. there were 6 of us and we were at a back table, quite snug. I had buffalo wings & fries, which were good. they could have taken the tips off though. my family members had salmon, a burger, & duck. they enjoyed their meals.  I may be back for the wings.I was coming from a long day at the Eastern State Penitentiary so I looked around the neighborhood for a unique place to eat at. Stumbled upon this place and thought it was cute and cozy. It definitely had an antique bar vibe. The waitress/bartender was really nice. The food was average. I got the grilled chicken and brie sandwich. It was good but the honey mustard was more overwhelming than I expected...I think it was horseradish sauce because definitely tasted like wasabi and burned my nostrils! The fries were good (well seasoned). My boyfriend got a lackluster omelet and a big bowl of mussels. The mussels were okay. Overall cute neighborhood cafe.I really enjoyed this place! Half of our party was late for our reservation, but we were still seated right away, and brought drinks and a snack we didn't even ask for. The wait staff is excellent and timely. If I could complain I would say the appetizers took a little longer than I would have hoped for, but it only built up my appetite even more, which was well worth the wait. Food and drinks were very good and filling. Price is reasonable; worth it. The atmosphere and crowd varies from couples, to families to parties. They have a Bloody Mary bar which was fun! Funky little place!My new favorite neighborhood bar [technically I live in Brewerytown, but we don't exactly have many options there yet]. 
Bartenders are always super friendly and welcoming.
Even though i'm a huge fan of craft beer, which they have great selections of, I am always enticed by their cocktail menu. Very original --- who makes their own black walnut liqueur?! These guys do, apparently.
I haven't had a full sit-down meal yet, as I tend to sit at the bar and order small plates. But all the food I have had, so far, has been prepared with care and extra flavorful and tasty. I highly recommend the baked macaroni and cheese. Delicious.
Leonard P should be giving you 5 stars for serving Foie Gras, not 1. =)Good menu. Good food, good beer selection. The brick chicken was cooked perfectly. Our only problem w/ the food was that a couple items were heavily salted, the baked kale and the spring rolls being the big offenders. 
The big reason I took to yelp was because of the SLOW service!! it took us over 2.5hrs for my friends and I to have dinner. We had to ask for bread and oil (which was delicious) but slow service was brutal to sit through and their wasn't much apology for the delays, just... "the gratuity is circled at the bottom of the check"  THANKS!I work on the block where London is, and my experience with them consists of a few happy hour visits and some take-out beer for clients. The staff has always been very sweet. Sitting at the bar itself is sort of uncomfortable, the leg room is way too cramped. But they have great small plates available at happy hour, including a $3 fish and chips, with a generous handful of fries and one decent size breaded piece of fish. I have made it into dinner on a few occasions. I have yet to even look at the full menu.I had a very enjoyable experience  at London Grill.  I went during beer week, so there was no shortage of delicious brews to choose from. They were offering a few Brooklyn Brew drafts, and since that's one of my favorite beers, I was a happy camper.
I ordered the ricotta gnocchi which I very much enjoyed.  It was cooked with pancetta which was delicious.  The cheese they used was of a very good quality. 
Oh and the olive oil concoction they give you for the focaccia was delightful. 
All this and close proximity to a wine bar? I'll certainly be back.Surprisingly good food. Not over priced. Food was tasty and service was really courteousLondon Grill is a local gem. I've been there many times over the past few years, including my own large group birthday dinner a few years back. Most recently, I was there for happy hour/ Bastille day French trivia. 
I love the food but this trip was all about the beers. I wanted to make note of the excellent service. This place truly has a "Cheers" feel. The bar seemed full of regulars who had a great relationship with each other and the staff. The bartender Kelley was attentive and friendly despite the fact that it was a very busy night. The beer list is great. Favorites for the night include the Yards IPA on cask and McKenzies black cherry cider. They also had kronenbourg on special. I found the blanc to be pretty tasty.
We've done the Bastille Day/French trivia in the past and its just a really fun time. We ended up leaving with some really sweet prizes.
We'll be back for both food and drink.Went here for late lunch after going to the Art Museum because it's nearby. We sat inside an enclosed porch that bright and airy. My meal was tasty. I ordered a deeelicious cold wartermelon and tomato soup that was surprisingly filling. I followed it up with a roasted vegetable sandwich that was flavorful but the sauce was a little loose so be mindful of the front of your shirt or blouse. The fries were good without being over-salted  Only had iced tea so I have no comment about the alcohol choices. Overall, I'd recommend this restaurant based on my meal and the reasonable price.Was here the other night and chose to eat outside. My friend and I were both craving burgers so we both got the London burger. Burger itself was cooked to satisfaction and was quite tasty but the English muffin was certainly a curious touch as a bun. No big deal, but as expected it didn't hold up to the burger so I would have preferred a regular bun. Server was semi pushy, in an off putting way, which kind of made this experience worse than it should have been. Overall it was incredibly mediocre.Live in the neighborhood for two years and yet I waited so long to try this place -- I am dumb! It is a really nice place with interesting and tasty dishes. 
We were seated in the solarium area which I must say is one of the nicest spots I've eaten in. Just nice to be tucked in A/C but still feel like you are eating outside. The lighting was great and the noise level was perfect too. The music was really good oldies...mamas and papas and that sort of stuff :).
GET THE SZECHUAN DUCK SPRING ROLLS. They are amazing!
My friend and I ordered London Burgers and they were pretty damn good. I got mine with Boursin and Peppers and it was overall fantastic. I don't remember what my friend ordered but he seemed to adore his burger. The fries were alright, a bit too salty for me, but he liked them a lot and finished mine along with his!
The service was pretty bad. I really felt like I had to flag the waiter down the entire time. It would be five stars if not for the waiter.We stopped by here for a quick snack before going for a tour of Eastern State Penitentiary. The draft list is awesome. They have such a good selection of different beers! Bonus? They had a passion fruit mead on tap when we were there! We also grabbed an order of fries. Oh my. They were some of the best fries I've ever had. Don't forget the dipping sauces for those perfect potato sticks either-- the blue cheese sauce was yummy but I could have eaten the spicy mayo with a spoon- it was that good!Feeling slightly generous at the moment, but this really is a 2.5 star review. London Grille is a casual bar/restaurant with an older, quaint feel. It's decorated with frogs, which was very cute and different. My friends and I came during happy hour and the bar was packed, so we sat in the dining area. 
Happy hour specials were decent, and I noticed that they have a pretty extensive wine list. I ended up ordering a Chardonnay for $5-- can't complain about that. Other people in our group enjoyed Yuenglings and well drinks for $4.
Food-wise, I was not impressed. I ordered the Korean Fried Chicken ($13), along with a side of fries ($3) after being told that my dish would be on the smaller side. The Korean Fried Chicken was ultimately soggy popcorn chicken, drizzled in salty, chili sauce and sprinkled with sesame seeds. It tasted about as good as it sounds...So despite being a smaller dish, there was a lot of chicken left by the end of the dinner. Definitely avoid this item. On the other hand, the french fries were pretty tasty!-- crispy and well seasoned. 
My friends seemed to enjoy their food, so maybe I just got unlucky with my selection. The food took a little longer to prepare than expected, but service was quick and friendly otherwise. With so many other restaurant options available in Philly, I honestly don't think I would go out of my way to return.Very nice establishment with pleasant food and EXCELLENT service. This is the kind of place that I would go to just to have apps, a drink and listen to the music just so I could experience the service. Warm, friendly no frills servers with genuine smiles and intentions. The food was pleasant and quite edible. We had a special which included seafood over a nice risotto and the ribeye from the menu. The ribeye, although prepared well, lacked the quality of other comparable restaurants, but still good for a ribeye at an affordable price. Overall, a nice meal complimented by some AWESOME service. We shall return.In a City of full of  insatiable foodies, ruthless critics, and 'hood after 'hood of too-cool-for-school eateries, all vying for fame, the London Grill has certainly slipped off the wagon.
No AC and it's 90+ degrees out?! There were fans all over blowing around the musty air.  All the poor servers were literally dripping in sweat, trying their best to accommodate an obviously unimpressed audience.  I felt bad they were forced to work under these conditions.  I didn't even want to imagine what the cooks looked like.  Needless to say my appetite was small, all things considered,  and I steered clear of the meat.  We were even told to avoid certain best sellers on the menu (ie: Lamb Sandwich) because the roasts were over cooked that day, and it wasn't going to be their best show.  Good to know....
They tried to seat our party of 8 in a room off the 'green house' before we questioned the heat so much that they prepared a table for us one floor down in a half furnished room that hadn't seen life since.... Eastern State Penitentiary had vacancies?  Just an observation.
Oh, the food? Honestly mediocre. The Cesar was good. 
It's been years since I've been here, and I don't put the blame for this on anyone other than owners/mgmt.  I just couldn't stop the word "dive" from scrolling through my brain.  Get it together, London Grill!Decent food/pub to stop by after exploring Eastern State next door.
We came here because we were famished and in need of food.  They have a solid happy hour as well as a basic bar food menu if you're not looking for anything heavy.  Their beer menu is pretty intense and they have a lot to offer.  For food we decided to go with mini fish and chips.  The fish was good and HOT and the fries were addicting.  We also split an order of nachos and salsa.  The chips were meh but the salsa was nice and fresh.  Their menu also offers tons of varieties when it comes to vegetables.  They had fried brussel sprouts but we didn't try those.  Overall, a good place if you're in the area and you're hungry.  Service was friendly.This place is amazing! The atmosphere is very chill and cozy. Our server Jonathan was super friendly and attentive. They have a wide selection of beers/liquor and the food is great. It's definitely one of my favorite places in the neighborhood.the food was delicious..service great..and the place is lovely.
would highly recommend the restaurant..It was Valentine's Day..but the service and food were still perfect.I enjoy the beer selection, beet salad and calamari. Not in love with the food over all. This is a good place if you're looking for a few beers and an appetizer or two...wouldn't suggest the burger- its served on an english muffin- its just mediocre.
With that said...its a great place to watch soccer games.Few of my friends ended up visiting this place because of the bar.  We got outdoor seating almost immediately which was really nice on a hot summer day.  We ordered three flights of beers, which was all the drafts they had.  It was amazing.  We did our own beer tasting event.  I ended up ordering the side order of Mac and Cheese, which was amazing. First of all, the side is almost the size of an entree.  It had the perfect consistency of cheese and butter.  I would go back just for the Mac and Cheese.Always trying to live up to my "+1 extraordinaire" role, I was Mikey I.'s +1 to his official Uwishunu review of London Grill.  Dimly lit inside, the place tied together almost perfectly the feeling of neighborhood bar and nice restaurant. We both got the customer appreciation 'surf & turf' special ($19 for the meal); Mikey got filet, I got lobster. The special includes a starter salad, entree, and delicious chocolate mousse dessert, and they have $5 glasses of wine to pair with your meal.  All in all it was great food, EXCELLENT service, and a nice atmosphere.I really like London for the location and the bar, though I'm challenged by their menu,  and sometimes inconsistent schedule as a result of special catering events.After walking by this restaurant since May, I finally made it inside for dinner. The inside doesn't evoke the same excitement as the badass neon sign outside. The food seemed to be more expensive than it should have been, and I didn't like how dark it was inside, even in the window seating area. The fries were pretty great, but my buffalo wings weren't super pleasant with the addition of cheese in the sauce. This place was just eh.I may or may not be at London grill 3 times a week minimum. I stumbled across this gem when I first moved to Fairmont 3 years ago. The food was really good I highly recommend the burger it is excellent. The brunch is really good as well. When London opened Paris next door and brought in draft wine, my bank account took a turn for the worst! The merlot is unbelievable and highly recommended to try!Home away from home. Service is always great, whether I'm there with one or two other people or manage to drum up a whole party. The bartenders and servers always add that extra step (such as placing a kitchen order 5 minutes before the kitchen closes) that makes it feel like I'm not just some other customer they're trying to gleam a couple dollars in tips from.
For bar food, nachos are where it's at. They're a great price for a huge pile of molten cheese, salsa and sour cream. I was skeptical about a burger being served on an English muffin, but it actually came out as something pretty unique and quite tasty. I work nights, but I've been meaning for a long time to come in and actually sit down for dinner.
Don't roll in expecting a sports bar when you see their big flat screens on the walls. Don't expect the same kind of service you'd get at a TGIF either. The drinks, food and service are always worth it.Service was a little slow but building was cool, the drinks great and my fried chicken sandwich was literally the perfect bite.I wandered into this place while doing some sight seeing in the area. It was a random Thursday afternoon but the place was pretty full. Even though they seemed overwhelmed, the staff was friendly and helpful. The food was good, nothing special. The prices were reasonable and the atmosphere was cute. :)Came here because it was the only place serving good on a late Saturday night. To my surprise there was a live jazz duo playing in a back room. The wait staff were pleasant and informative about the London grill with out being too annoying. The bar was crowded but service was speedy and polite. London grill is definitely a spot in fairmont to go to eat and hang out late night.What an incredibly odd & eclectic menu.  Food was pretty good and the wine/liquor selection is good too.  Nice atmosphere, even if it's a little loud.I used to really love this place as a neighborhood staple, but after a string of recent bad experiences it seems that the service is really not what it used to be. 
Two bad experiences in particular stick out. First, a weekend brunch where my table was forgotten entirely for almost half an hour. We were just about to leave without ordering when I overheard two waiters asking each other which one of them was responsible for our table. One came over in a panic and asked if we'd been served yet. When we complained about the wait, the server was very apologetic and offered us a round of free drinks. This helped, but I was still kind of annoyed because they weren't particularly busy at the time (several empty tables around us). 
Then a dinner a month or two later,  when we made a reservation and still had to wait about 20 minutes. We actually ended up waiting even longer than that because they wanted to seat us directly next to the bar area, where there was a big crowd making a lot of noise thanks to some bar crawl going on, so we asked to wait for a better seat. But that wasn't really their fault- I just wish the bar was better separated from the restaurant. During our meal, the waitress knocked over my water glass and sloshed my soup onto the table. She cleaned it up, but did not offer to bring a new bowl. I was also given the wrong drink order and my dining companion was served the wrong entree. Our server aplogized for all these mistakes, but she seemed generally distracted throughout the entire meal. 
Everybody has "off" days, but it seems like London Grill has an off day every time I go.Well, I've been there for breakfast with their Bloody Mary bar and it was good. The food was great but the Bloody Mary bar has spice girl figures on it which i don't understand. Tonight, I went to the bar and ordered a Bloody Mary. It was white. That's right. It has so much horseradish in it that it was white and not red and they served it that way. It wasn't drinkable sadly.One of my favorite little places to go for lunch! I love their London burger! It's always amazing, and the fries are great! It's never crowded when we go, and it's a nice atmosphere. We often end up conversing with other customers, and the bartender. I also love that they have cream soda! Definitely would recommend!I was a little hesitant to go to this place when I saw the review (3 stars) but I am glad I tried it out. We ended up getting 6 appetizers and sharing the plates tapas-style between 5 people. I HIGHLY recommend the cheese & meat plate (large), the risotto, tuna tartare & apple-Bailey's bread pudding. Great mixture of American & European cuisine.We used to live in this neighborhood and loved stopping here for brunch, lunch and happy hour! The staff is always so nice and accommodating. The food is delicious and sitting outside in the summer is wonderful.The brunch is amazing! Fried chicken & Biscuit - GET THAT SHIT!!! 
Also duck rolls were amazing too...I'm really shocked how good they were at an American bar. They've put some kind of American twist to it but I LIKE it. 
Bonus - the bartender looks and sounds like Chelsea Handler.The other night I decided to give London another try.  My decision is made.  The service is consistently below par and the food is inconsistent. If you are in the mood for an expensive burger you found your place (but for a good burger a block away try Rembrandt's).  If you are in the mood for a nice meal, receiving what you ordered, or food and drink in a timely fashion I highly suggest trying the other restaurants in Fairmount (Illuminare, Rembrandts, Zorba's).Maybe we just ordered the wrong things off the menu, but I've certainly had better food elsewhere. My roasted lamb sandwich on olive bread was certainly nothing to write home about, although the fries that came with it weren't bad. The olive bread, which sounded like a great idea, was oddly flat tasting with no olive flavor or saltiness at all.  My dining companion's shrimp and grits were indifferent. I had one bite and didn't ask for another, and yes, we've lived in the deep south and had shrimp and grits before.  We both agreed that while we might possibly (not really likely, though) come here again after a morning at the art museum, we wouldn't order these items. 
To be fair, the service was prompt and friendly., There was a dog sitting at a table outside with its owners, but I can't speak to the bowl of water being offered. The bloody Mary bar appeared to be extensive, but we did not partake of it. The complimentary small plate of fruit with two thin slices of quick bread was a nice touch. The other meals we saw served looked appetizing, but as I said in the beginning, perhaps we just made the wrong choices.There's nothing quite like the meal you eat after a night out of drinking. Your alcohol induced state brings your taste buds to certain a level of "OMG" when anything edible touches your lips that you could probably eat a deep fried shoe and it would taste like a filet mignon. After a Halloween party, I was craving something fried and delicious, preferably from a diner with bad lighting and waitresses with thick Philadelphia accents and white Easy Spirit shoes. Instead, my friend suggested going to London Grill in the Fairmount section of the city. He was talking up this amazing burger on an English muffin with..... a fried egg on top. Well, that sold me!
So we headed on over to London Grill, which just won best burger in Philly in the first-ever city wide 'Burger Brawl'. I was worried and excited at the same time. Would it be able to measure up to my standards? Would this be it? Would I finally find the best burger in Philly?
The answer is both yes and no.
Yes, the burger was amazing. I got mine topped with avocado, fried onions and boursin cheese. Cooked perfectly medium: Juicy, moist and delicious - everything I could ever ask for! The toasted English muffin reminded me of a home-grilled burger; no pretentious brioche buns here! (They forgot the fried egg, sadly, but I couldn't complain.) And with crispy, handcut fries on the side, the London Burger was a steal at $11. 
They've also got a great beer selection - including having LOVE STOUT on tap (aka My fav!)I have not been here in a long time and decided to go the other day. The beer and burger were good. Bartender daytime service was good and friendly. I must say some bartenders act like they could not care if you were there or not. At least she was friendly and sociable good for her.Just went to London grill. The drinks menu is extensive and it has been done up really well.
We ordered a variety of dishes.. but no one really thought theirs was anythng great (and at close to 30 bucks a head.. for just an entree not cheap as well). I ordered a steak which was cooked way more than a medium rare and burnt as well.
Service was poor.. our waiter did not smile even once at us. Its sad because with the warm interiors I really wanted to like London Grill, and make it a place to go for wine and a nice meal. 
Anyway, if LG wants to be known as just a place with a good bar, it should serve more bar food instead of aiming to serve good steaks and lobsters.To start, let me mention that I'm only reviewing the bar and the late night menu.  I've heard great things about the restaurant, but I've never eaten lunch or dinner there.
Main point: This is one of my two favorite bars in Fairmount.  A laid-back establishment, London gets my vote because they offer a decent choice of local craft beer alongside imports and the occasional cask.  With regular specials including $3 drafts on Monday, it's a place to visit often.
In detail: As a small, neighborhood joint, the London is a close tie for my Fairrmount favorite.  Because of it's size, the cozy feeling it generates, and the awesome staff, it's much more welcoming than other local bars.  Although it can get crowded at times (the World Series was the most packed I had ever seen), it's still a relaxed place even with every seat taken.
Most nights offer a special deal, the best being $3 drafts on Monday, and $3 local brews on Tuesday and Wednesday (Stoudt's and Flying Fish) - although the later two deals may have changed as the Sunday Belgian deal has.  While you'll occasionally see cheaper draft nights at other bars, you won't be getting the same import and craft local beers.
With most grills, the vegetarian options are few.  I've had the vegetarian dishes available, and the nachos are pretty damn good for not specializing in Mexican cuisine.  Other options include salads and an eggplant Parmesan sandwich.
The only thing I would like to see change is a more frequent rotation of the draft beers - perhaps more casks or special additions.  Lack of local/regional brews is a deal-breaker for me, and London does not disappoint with this requirement of mine.  Usual locals include Yards, Philadelphia Brewing Co., Flying Fish, and Stoudt's.
Great food, great beer, and great atmosphere make the London a can't-miss for awesome specials and and a laid-back experience.We entered through the long bar and cafe, before entering you will pass through closely knit tables and planters on the sidewalk and a very narrow walk through. The bar was empty when we went for brunch, with plenty of bar stools and high topped tables lining the window.
We opted to sit in one of the dining rooms, which was more like an enclosed sun room and we welcomed the warmth shining in on us. Both dining rooms were filling up quickly and by the time we left the cafe and bar was doing a nice business.
Michael ordered a coke and I thought I would be cute and help myself to their amazing bloody mary bar! Be very careful of that London mix! Way too much London mix and not enough tomato juice and ye gads, for every sip I took I drank one half glass of water!
I was torn between the brisket hash with poached eggs or the fish and chips, but was quickly informed they were out of the hash. We started with the soup of the day which was a cream of potato soup, which I knew was either burned or old or both when I first saw it, as it was not a creamy white but a very distinct tan in color. I had one bite, hubs thought it was okay and decided to finish it.
A fresh fruit salad is served complimentary to each table which was a pleasant surprise. Michael ordered the eggs benedict which can also be ordered eggs Florentine. The eggs were perfectly cooked and the ham was nice and thick with a beautifully made hollandaise sauce. He had asked for them to add onions and peppers to his home fries and they were happy to oblige. He was thrilled with his order and raved over the home fries in particular. As a side he ordered bacon and their bacon is not wonderful, it was thin and very soft.
I loved their hand cut fries and you get enough to feed an army! Three pieces of fish topped my huge plate of fries, the breading was way too thick and not cooked on the inside, even though the fish was cooked perfectly throughout. I ate half of one piece and decided to concentrate on the fries, bringing the fish home to reheat in the oven until the breading was cooked. I like a good crunchy fish and this was certainly not the best I've ever had.
There is one restroom at the top of a very steep and very dirty flight of stairs, I don't think the carpets had been swept in quite some time, the restroom was clean.
I must compliment the staff, I have not witnessed such great teamwork in a long time. It did not matter if it was your section or your table, whoever was in the area cleared your plates as needed, refilled drinks, brought out food, the service was friendly and spot on!I used to like London. But now I can't deal with it. 
The second to last time we came here, I had the most sickeningly salty, flavorless gnocchi on earth. The last time, we got up and left since the menu looked grossly overpriced and our meemaw waitress was talking to me like I was mentally ill. We got up and left and went to Rembrandt's and enjoyed a reasonably priced meal. 
Fairmount could use some more easy-going establishments. Seriously.
I'm giving it two stars because up until sometime around September 2009, the food and service was decent.There are no words to describe our experience at this place.  When we first moved to Fairmount 3 years ago, I had went to London on 2 seperate occasions for brunch, and was disappointed, so out of the blue decided to give it another chance with dinner.  Bad idea.  After looking at the menu (which looked promising), we decided on both 3-course specials - carrot soup, tomatoe soup, branzino, braised shortrib on the bone.  The best part of this meal was my beer and the carrot soup (however it took 35 minutes to get the soup b/c our order sheet fell down behind some pans!  Wouldn't you as a waiter notice your guests haven't received their app and look into it...especially when your restaurant isn't even busy?).  My fiances fish dish was greasy and unedible.  My braised shortrib, which should be falling off the bone if cooked correctly, could  barely be cut off w/ the butter knife I was given and there were only 2 edible pieces because the rest was fatty.  When the waiter came to get our dishes and asked how the meal was, I had to say 'not so good'  All he could do was apologize and looked ashamed, like this was a regular occurance.  after this, we asked for our desert to go b/c neither of us wanted to stay there any longer.  When we got home, the brownie was barely cooked.  Needless to say, we will not be going back here again.  This place has potential, but they need to change chefs, change decor and then MAYBE they'd get our business again.Came here for brunch and will not be back. The drinks were fantastic (bloody mary bar, mimosas, etc.), but the food was mediocre (flavorless and unimaginative) and the kitchen and service was incredibly slow. 3.5 hours for brunch? I'd rather not.I am only giving this place 3 stars because we had a really great server.  We stopped in during the Bastille Day festivities and had appetizers and drinks.  Our Lillet Rose Sangria was great and was the highlight of our experience.  I had the beet salad and my friend had the roasted tomato salad.  Both dishes were just so-so.  My beets seemed to be straight out of a can, definitely did not seem fresh.This is the second time the service at this place has made me swear that I will not return to London Grill.  I broke that promise to myself a few weeks ago because the last time we were there, because the grilled octopus and potato pizza were so good that I thought I could deal with some mediocre service.  But when we went, not only was the service abysmal but the food was bad too.  Not even mediocre--bad.  
The grilled octopus was burnt, not grilled, and was COLD not room temperature by the time it got to us.  It was beyond chewy, it verged on tooth breaking.  The pizza, which I thought no one could really mess up, was just plain not good.  Instead of slices of potato, there was chunks of potato.  Like they were taken from the same pile that they use for mashed potatoes.  
And the service.  We sat outside and it took a LONG time for someone to help us.  In fact, we had to flag down a bus girl to ask if we could get menus.  And we had to get a set of utensils and napkins from the waitstation ourselves.  The beers were warm when we got them and rather than wait for our vanishing waitress to come back and get us new ones, my boyfriend went inside and got a new one from the bar.  The bartender commented, Yeah, they were sitting on the bar for a WHILE.  This was the theme of our meal.  Disappearing waitress, cold food, angry diners.  
And as we walked to the car, we passed the happy diners at Zorbas and I really mean it this time.  I'm not going back to this restaurant.  And I'm telling anyone who will listen not to go here either.  
There's better places for beer and better places for food (and even some with outside seating) and much better waitstaff in Fairmount.  Beat it London Grill.this update isn't a positive one. 
most things remained the same, except the service got crappy -- as in I had to wait five minutes to find a server to flag down so i could get a fork to eat my dinner with and my dinner-mate got the wrong entree.
and the food got crappy too. everything was bathed, nay, drenched, in oils. and my beloved cheese gnudi were smaller than i remembered and very much overly salty. i have to say, i was pretty disappointed. 
in my mind, london grill is now a meh or miss.I have been here for dinner, happy hour, drinks, and brunch and I have never been that pleased.  Service is always okay.. sometimes better than others.   The happy hour martinis are poorly made but some of the beers are a deal.  The do have a nice beer and wine selection though.  Their bloody mary bar at brunch is fun but not worth the money in my opinion.  The food is good though.The food is great and the menu has a lot of unique items.  The view of Eastern State Penitentiary from the side windows is pretty cool.So, I've decided this place is hit or miss.  Some of their items are great!  I really enjoyed the beet salad.  They have excellent calamari that is lightly fried with along with sweet and hot peppers and a sweet and spicy sauce.  They also had a steak salad with spinach, fried oysters, and roasted potatoes that I loved!  But, alas, it's no longer on the menu.  That's the catch 22 with this place.  Their menu is seasonal which means things are fresher, but it changes frequently so your new favorite dish may not be there next week. They also run out of things sometimes.  Last night I went to dinner with my mother.  The waitress informed us they were out of calamari, the lobster burger and the lobster roll as well as some other bar menu items. (How do you run out of lobster items when it's lobster week?!?!)  I ordered the lobster bake (on of the few lobster items they had left) which was nothing to write home about.  My mom had the cubano sandwich which was supposed to have pulled pork and ham but seemed to be missing the pulled pork last night.  On a positive note, London, does have a nice bar with a good selection of beer and alcohol and it's nice to sit in the solarium area for dinner or brunch and people watch.  All in all, I haven't given up on this place.  I live in the neighborhood and it's very convenient, but with all the new places popping up in Fairmount, they're gonna have to be more consistent.I loved the location by the penetentiary and the fact that they had outdoor seating, BUT the food was very disappointing. It was just lacking. I tried the grilled octopus salad which was over grilled and chewy.  I also had a slice of the potato pizza which I thought was bland as anything. 
Other than that, the wait was for food was very long, but since it was a fairly nice day out i didn't mind.Love this place! Being a just a few blocks away from home this is a regular part of our 'special meals'  places. Wld always suggest make a reservation before hand coz it always is packed!! Food is delightful. Even though i'm a vegetarian it still offers me delicious options! Deserts are pretty stunning too. Bar scene looks great fun too! Must try if in the area!I just got back from my first brunch, and first dining experience, at London Grill, and I definitely won't be going back. It's Philly Marathon weekend, and a group of us went in to eat after the race. We'd made reservations, but when I arrived, the hostess was rude and almost made it feel like I was inconveniencing her by asking to be seated. I'm pretty tolertant, having been in the business a while, but man, she was just plain rude. Strike one.
They had us in a sort of private room, which was nice, but holy cow, it had to be about 90ยบ in there. It was incredibly uncomfortable, but not a huge problem. The hostess, still rude, kept reminding us how busy they were and how glad she was we were being patient with her in possibly the most insincere tone humanly possible. I don't remember any of us having expressed dissatisfaction with the wait or the service at that point, so not sure why she felt the need to remind us they were busy.
We had three ladies, rude hostess included, waiting on our party, and we admittedly weren't an easy party to handle with folks coming and going as the race was ending. But it took 30 minutes to have our order taken. I ordered a hot cider, which was $4, and it was obviously from a mix. Seriously?! It took another hour for the food to arrive. I ordered the poached eggs, and they were completely tasteless. The polenta tasted like it hadn't been seasoned at all. Also, they arrived completely cold. All five of us who received food at that time noted how cold the food was, but we didn't want to send it back because it took an hour to arrive in the first place. Strike two.
When it came time to pay, several of us were pretty antsy, and it took half an hour for us to get the check after we asked for it. Then, it took another 15-20 minutes for us to get it back. And of course, an 18% gratuity had been added, which I didn't want to pay. Tips should be earned, period. Strike three.
I left angry I'd paid $26 for apple-flavored sugar water and cold, flavorless eggs, and that the entire process took three hours. I'm giving them two stars instead of one because the food was edible...mostly.The brunch food is somewhere between ok and good, but not spectacular. The wins here are:
- The do it yourself Bloody Mary bar.
- The big windows and the people watching.
- Good for Groups.
- Friendly staff.
For a Philadelphia joint, it seemed overpriced for the portions.Went for drinks with my little sister, pretty good and the bartender was super nice.  I don't remember prices being particularly bad but then again, I don't remember much.Haven't been here in years & won't return in this lifetime. Stale smokey retread from years ago with the worst Lipton onion soup muscles I ever tasted. Served with grocery store bread. A beet salad served with watermelon cubes & bad bottled tarragon dressing. The beer was good & the grilled calamari surprisingly good. How this came to $85/2 people with one beer a piece I'll never know.Meatball sliders shared by three of us were delicious. We all had the chicken & Brie sandwich. Came out quick and everything was perfect including the service. They also offered us their WiFi so we could do a working lunch!The London Grill Two Beer Lunch: 
2 pints Yards Pale Ale 
1 medium rare burger with caramelized onions and blue cheese 
splash of bar talk and women's tennis/SportsCenter
Combine ingredients in a corner location with outdoor seating and plenty of character during lunch time (11:30 - 2:30). Serves one.The gf and I stopped by London Grill the other day for a cocktail before heading out to an early evening show.
While there is nothing particularly remarkable about this spot, I did enjoy a good cocktail that wasn't too unreasonably priced and our service was fine despite previous reviews noting it as lacking.
We didn't have an opportunity to try the food, but I suspect I will be spending more time in the fairmount area and I will make it a point to get back here before too long to give them a proper try.London is really a 3.5 in my mind. The service is slooooow, as others have mentioned. But I haven't had a bad meal here so far. 
The beet salad is probably my favorite dish, the roasted beet is very tender, but not mushy, and pairs well with the cheese and nuts. I have also had the eggplant and tomato soup, which was a bit spicy, but the creamy goat cheese mellowed it out. Their burgers are good, but the english muffin makes them a bit hard to manage. Fries remind me of the ones from vendors on beaches in New England.
Last time I was here, nothing from the beer list sounded appealing, so I got a warm apple cider with applejack. It tasted a bit watered down and it didn't have any affect on me (and I'm, like, a half-drink-drunk, so that really says something).
So I'll add this restaurant to the pile of just okay places in my hood.I don't typically consider myself a fan of restaurants that serve American food but this place impressed me. I had gone a few times for their hot cider with a vanilla liqueur (holy hell, amazing!) but never had the food. A couple of months ago, we went for dinner and used a BOGO coupon with the Entertainment book. I had the risotto ($9) that had squash, pecorino and speck. So freaking good. My husband really loved his food, too. The staff was attentive and we really enjoyed our meal. With American style food, I often have a hard time finding something I like. But their menu was full of dishes that I wanted to order all at the same time!This was an interesting find that I found through Groupon.  I spent 2 years in London so I was intrigued by the name.  Since Groupon was offering a great discount deal, my bf and I decided to try it on a Friday night.  It has an interesting ambience...it doesn't feel like a pub but the dining area is very different from the bar area with plenty of room in both.  The bar advertises a lot of sports viewing events which is not really my scene.  There were plenty of people hanging out drinking when we arrived but not overly crowded.  We were seated promptly and our waiter was very nice.  We decided on a table next to the window.  There were a few other parties, but again, pretty quiet on a weekend night.
The food was forgettable.  The most interesting thing was the Cheese & Charcuterie Plate.  Nothing on it compared to my favorite cheese appetizer at Amada but the whole thing is on what looks like an artist's palette, which looks very cool.  My sirloin was tough and not very juicy.  By the end of the meal, we were pretty certain we won't be back.I finally got around to having a meal here with some friends this past weekend. I must say I wasn't impressed with the food. The perogies were the only thing we had that I enjoyed. The ricotta  "schmear" smothered the toasted bagette slice so much that the bread tasted soggy and stale. It was way too much. I sampled my friend's potato pizza and it was so disappointing. I highly anticpated this since I love potatoes so much but the truffle oil overpowered instead of highlighting the dish.
My friend's brussel spouts smelled like feet- this made my experience even more miserable. I really thought someone took off their shoes ( I know , I know, they're supposed to smell like that- they could have toned them down somehow though!)
I have always enjoyed the bar and the selection of beers they have and would return again for that anyday but I think I'll skip the dining experience.I stopped by here and had their mac and cheese dish; it was delicious! Also their blondie brownie desserts (they have a chocolate version as well) were awesome and even better, it's homemade! Also goes great with a German sour beer (El Gose). Also this is where I found my love for German sour beers! 
Cant wait to bring my mum by when she visits! Also it is perfect for sitting outside on a cool day :-)The drinks are really good but the food is mediocre at best. I got the fried chicken sandwich ( bread was burnt) and my boyfriend got the chips and fish ( the fish had no flavor). I would go back for the drinks.I love this place, everytime I go there it's a good time.  The food is pretty good, when I ate meat it was one of my favorite burgers.  My girl Kelley works the bar, and she is one of the friendliest bartenders I have ever met. I can't wait to go there againI came here after the lunch rush, around 2/2:30pm on a weekday for a late lunch. The service was decent and the food was pretty good. I had the grilled chicken and brie sandwich. It was messy, but I ate all of it. A couple of downfalls: when I used the restroom, there wasn't any soap (ewww) and when I told the host about it, he just shrugged it off. C'mon man! Also, I ordered a soft drink, which is usually rare for me to order anything but water, and I was charged an exorbitant amount for each drink. A soda was pretty darn expensive and not worth it. All in all, I might give this place another shot, and just stick to water. Or beer.We've lived within walking distance for over a year, and surprisingly, last night was our first London experience.  I waited all night for something to knock this down from five stars, but I couldn't fault a single thing.  
We snagged great window seats at the bar, our service from Kelly was fantastic and fun all night, and the food was far better than I expected.  I had never heard of a duck hot dog, but seeing as I love duck we ordered it as an appetizer.  It was really interesting, had a lot of flavor, and the homemade relish was excellent.  Also, I really enjoyed the fries and they were not oily.  
We both ordered the burger with boursin cheese, caramelized onions and bacon.  We are admittedly picky burger snobs and love to test restaurants on how well they can handle a Pittsburgh Rare request.  Low and behold....London nailed it!  For me, this is a tie for the best burger we've had in PHL with the Oyster House.  Since we had fries with the hot dog, Kelly let us sub out for a salad.  I really liked the house salad and it was substantial in size.  
The beer list has a wide range:  everything from lousy domestic to usual suspects to odd crafts.  Also, I noticed a lot of duck on the menu, which intrigues me.  After SPTR really pissed me off a few months ago and I vowed to never go back to my favorite bar, London may very well become the new go-to spot for us.The English muffin burger was good, but as I was waiting for my check, a mouse scurried across the floor. When I said something to the waiter, he was indifferent and only said "ok"Went late during the week, kitchen still open half past midnight. dark and woody, but not that dark and woody. you feel like you're in the wide open and the drinks are a bit expensive. that's a couple of turnoffs for me. the bartender was very nice and personable. not a dive, no way. more for an older or sophistacated crowd, or for people who shop at malls. 
i was expecting more of dive/pub atmosphere.
the restaurant half looked nice, lots of rooms, a complex nearly.