This is where we go to for Chinese...mainly because we're lazy and don't know where else to go.  My go-to is shrimp & broccoli...their portions are decent as I can take what I ate for dinner to work for lunch the next day.  We used "eat24.com" to place our order and if you use them they give you coupon codes and long river includes a free egg roll, wonton soup, or pork fried rice if you order $x amount of food.  We ended up getting $6 off our order which is pretty good for Chinese food since it's not that expensive.  I would stray from the shrimp steamed dumplings...they were fishy tasting, which is not a nice taste.On time
Cheap
Free sodas with 3 or more entrees. 
It's cheap Chinese, not looking gourmet here. 
Good roast pork string bean.Restaurant provided the wrong address to the driver, and hung up at any phone calls to ask when delivery would arrive. Delivery took twice as long as it should have.I've ordered take-out from Long River about half a dozen times since moving to Philly.
The delivery is really fast and I've never had a bad meal.   
The steamed veggie dumplings are very good but I don't like the sauce that comes with them.  Their tofu dishes are tasty and I've also tried their veggie fried rice and lo mein.  
Their food is good enough that I don't feel like expending the energy to find another take-out Chinese place so I guess that says something.Worst place ever! Deserves zero rating. Worst chinese takeout iv ever had in my life. Part of my order was wrong and the other part had gelatin clumps in it (took pictures ) and they refused a refund. Not to mention their version of vegatables consist of onions and maybe a few sliced carrots! Thats it! Cheap and disgusting/rude people. The lady was a rude b****. She told me I was wrong and the food didn't have gelatin. She said no one complains.  Honestly the food was nauseating and I couldn't even stomache it. Disgusting, dirty, rude, and unsanitary restaurant.  Don't order!!I really wanted to like this place, but as the food got colder it tasted more "meh". Sauces taste overly sweet and like they are from jars. Portions sizes are pretty big, and the food wasn't awful for the cheap price, but I've had much better and probably won't be back. Better off making the short trek to Chinatown.I've never had a worse Chinese food experience.
I placed my order to an extremely rude woman at the counter. 30 minutes later she announces that my simple order of orange chicken, chicken lomain, white rice and hot and sour soup was ready.
I walked back to my nearby apartment only to find that they entirely forgot about the lomain and the chicken was obviously reheated several times to a chewy, crunchy inedible consistency.
For cheap Chinese in the Spring Garden / Fairmount neighborhood I recommend Golden Chopstick only a few blocks down at 18th and Spring Garden.
Do not go here.This Chinese restaurant is around the corner from my house.  I have been there a total of four times.  One time they over charged my debit card and would not have informed until I checked my account online while in the restaurant.  My total was 14.99 and they charged my card for 149.99.  I had to get them to correct that.  NOTE TO EVERYONE : BRING CASH.  On several occasions I have asked them not to put nuts in a meal and they STILL left the nuts in .  Once I have asked them to make the dish spicy and it was no where near a hint of spicy.  Their food to me is nothing amazing nor does it make my taste buds dance. Long story short go to any other Chinese Restaurant on Spring Garden than this oneIf I could rate no stars, I would!  HORRIBLE experience, NEVER again....THE SERVICE AND THE FOOD WERE TERRIBLE!  (sorry for the longest review ever!)
I'm presently staying at a hotel near Long River (better fitting name would be Long DELIVER!), and asked the concierge for local Chinese delivery menus.  He provide a few, and I KNEW I should have chosen Asia on the Parkway, however I opted for Long River b/c they had a 'diet menu'.  I called to place my order, and spoke with someone who was apparently the 'manager'.  After asking a few very simple questions which weren't really answered clearly (what vegetables are in the mixed veggie blend?  can I get garlic sauce on the side?), I attempted to place my order.  I ordered the following:
steamed chicken and mixed veggies, garlic sauce on the side, brown rice
steamed shrimp and mixed veggies, garlic sauce on the side, brown rice
small hot and sour soup
small tofu and chinese veggie soup
plates, yellow mustard, soy sauce, forks and spoons
The woman on the phone kept talking to someone in the background while I was trying to order, and there were children screaming.  I quickly realized that my order was not likely going to be correct, as she could not repeat my order when asked.  My friend who was sitting next to me commented 'I have no idea what is actually going to be delivered'....that's how confused I must have seemed during the call.  She gave me a cost, $32, and hung up.  No time estimate for delivery.  
About 40 minutes later, the food was delivered.  We were not given a receipt when we went to the lobby to pick up the food.  When we came back upstairs, we looked in the bag, which contained the following:
steamed chicken and mixed veggies, some kind of light sauce on the side, white rice
steamed shrimp and mixed veggies, some kind of light sauce on the side, white rice
small hot and sour soup
tofu and mixed veggie entree with brown rice
plates, yellow mustard, soy sauce, forks
NO tofu soup, extra entree, NO spoons (apparently we were to lap the soup up with our tongues?  Or eat it with a fork?  This is a hotel....I mean, really???)
I didn't think it was a huge issue, and promptly called and explained the mix up - note, we were charged for an entree, not for the soup, which was $5 more., also not a big deal, at the time.  The 'manager' answered the phone again and told me to 'keep the tofu and veggie entree', and she would send the soup.  40 minutes later, AFTER WE HAD FINISHED EATING, the delivery guy came with the soup.  I went down to the lobby to pick up the soup, having thrown away the rest of the food we didn't eat - Chinese food in a hotel is a bad plan, leaving it longer than needed - worse plan ever....  The delivery guy would not give me the soup.  He said he needed to 'exchange' the tofu entree for the soup.  i explained to him that we had tossed the food we didn't eat b/c it wasn't what we ordered and the manager told me to keep it.  We didn't WANT tofu and mixed veggies or we would have ORDERED that.  He tried to argue with me.  In the lobby.  I was in my pajamas.  Really?  I've never had someone try to EXCHANGE a wrong delivery order, especially 1 hour 45 min AFTER THE ORDER WAS PLACED.  He subsequently called the 'manager', who told me that she needed the other food back or $4 for the soup.  I told her that as per her previous direction, I had 'kept' the food and THREW IT OUT b/c we didn't want it.  She hung up on me and the delivery guy threw the soup at me and walked out.  So, I had soup....and they still owed me $5.  
I went back up to my room and called again, speaking to my new friend, the 'manager', yet again.  She told me that she needed the food back to give me my money back.  At that time, we had finished eating....I didn't even WANT the soup anymore, and told her to come get her soup and her entree and bring me the $8 that I was charged for something I didn't want.  She was having none of that and would not listen to reason, nor would she return my money.  At that point, I was just getting frustrated, and decided that their crappy food and the $8 was not worth the throbbing headache I have now....So I said forget it.
Do NOT eat at this place.  The garlic sauce is horrible, the tofu and veggie SOUP was disgusting.  The veggies in the steamed dishes WERE quite good, so I suppose they do earn one star.  Thats....about it.  Horrible SERVICE, sub par cheap Chinese....from now on, I'm sticking with Chinatown or Asian on the Parkway.  Live and learn.  
On a positive note, the staff at the hotel (The Sheraton) was extremely attentive when I was noticeably upset in the lobby and offered to follow up immediately.  They also tossed the rest of the menus from the restaurant so others wouldn't have such a bad experience.  Ugh.It's pretty sad to see all these negative reviews about long river. In my opinion, I really like their food. Fast service, large portion, fresh and delicious food. What else can you ask for? Their general Taos chicken is a top notch, highly recommended:)I'm actually surprised at how many bad reviews there are for here. This is my go-to Chinese food in Fairmount. I always get sesame chicken and lo mein and always enjoy it. The portions are also very generous and at a low price. It's not the best Chinese food I've ever had but I certainly don't hate it and continue to go back. The delivery man always comes quick on his scooter and they always throw in a drink for free. Only thing I'd recommend is not to see the place in person because it's pretty dilapidated looking, and I hate knowing I'm eating from there (I always stick with delivery). The lady on the phone isn't always the friendliest, but I think that is partly due to a language barrier besides, that doesn't change the taste of the food.I've never felt more uncomfortable eating food... I did not read reviews before I ordered. It's not worth it, don't do it.It's decent chinese food and pretty cheap. Haven't had any bad experiences, but I wouldn't venture far to eat here either.This is my go-to delivery spot and I love it! I wouldn't suggest dining in- but as take out goes its top notch!
Great tofu dishes, dumplings are fantastic- I've never had a bad dish here. I have noticed the hot and sour soup isn't that great on Sunday's for whatever reason, maybe the normal chef has Sundays off?
I highly recommend this take out spot over any of the others in the area.More delicate dumplings than I have found in a while. Golden Chopstick, for example, has these made doughy dumplings with not all that tasty filling. These things had a much thinner package. You could get them steamed or fried and in a larger number of meat styles (chicken, shrimp, "meat" or vegetable).
I ordered delivery, they called back a few minutes later to say that they were out of chow mein noodles. I settled for the roast pork lo mein. Very generous portions, the pork was tender. Certainly not fancy shmancy but, really, I was quite impressed by those dumplings...as far as delivery goes.Ugh. This place gives me anxiety. First of all, whatever you do, do NOT call them to place an order. Whoever answers the phone is not very nice. And, as if the customer service wasn't bad enough, the food is pretty horrible. I mean, maybe if you're really intoxicated this stuff might taste decent, but your sober taste buds deserve better. Just say no to LONG RIVER.I continue to go here simply because it is the closest Chinese Restaurant (about half a block). The food is pretty good. Never had anything I absolutely disliked. I generally do pick-up, and the food is ready pretty quick. The only reason I gave them 3 stars, rather than 4 stars, is because of the lady behind the counter. Generally a pleasant women, but there has been a couple of times she has been unpleasant towards me. One time I picked up about 10 "Little Debbie" treats because I was babysitting a small group of kids, and she was very rude about it. I can't say with absolute certainty, but I know she was making fun of me in Chinese. I could tell by her affect and inflection that she was belittling me to her co-workers. For someone who has a serious case of herpes on her face, you'd think she be more gracious and polite. Besides that, no major problems. I will say the restaurant itself could use some remodeling and tidying, but other than that, it's okay.It seems like its been well-established that the food here is terrible. Seriously, go to Golden Chopsticks just two blocks down. The food is significantly better and cheaper. I wish it was possible to give this place 0 stars.
I do still order from this place only for their hot & sour soup. It's virtually next door to where I live so I pick it up when I'm feeling sick (tofu-based soups are a comfort food for me when I'm feeling under the weather). But after my experience tonight, I probably won't ever come in again.
I went to pick up my soup order this evening, and after waiting almost 15 minutes in the store just to pick it up, I SAW A MOUSE RUN ACROSS THE FLOOR. Mice don't bother me, but it does bother me when it is in the restaurant where I pick up my food. As soon as I saw where the mouse scurried to, I informed the lady at the front desk of what I just saw. She got up, looked where I was pointing, and didn't respond. She just sat back down and continued to watch her television show. 
These owners obviously don't care. Tomorrow, I will put in a call to the Philadelphia food safety department. Avoid this place. There is no excuse for eating sub-par food at a premium from a dirty restaurant.One of the worst!  Place looked unclean. Ordered shrimp with bok Choi and it was so plain, had no seasonings! !  it was a waste of time n money . NEVER AGAIN!I got chinese delivery ordered pork dumplings had very thin wrapper, egg roll was okay not much pork, general tso chicken was bland and not spicy at all, roast pork lo mein was bland as well.I am so disappointed by the order I made. I got pork chow mein and orange beef. I am by no means a picky eater, and I've eaten a lot of trashy chinese food. This is literally the worst I've ever had. The chow mein was slimy and no noodles. The Orange beef. I don't know what the flavor was - but it was terrible. The food was so disgusting I threw it out after on bite of each dish. Even the rice was gooey and tasted weird - who messes up rice? I warn you. Big NO!Placed plenty of take out orders here and was a repeat customer until a month before I was about to move out of my apartment at Spring Garden. 
Not that any time I ordered from here was ever pleasant but the one time they had messed up my order, I had an argument with the lady upfront. All I stated was that I ordered a beef with broccoli and not chicken with broccoli. 
Instead of correcting her mistake she proceeded to try to force me to take my order and leave. I proceeded to calm myself and ask them to remake my order, she then asked me to pay more. I pay the 50 cents more, but this was not without resistance from the lady at the front. I'm also pretty sure she was also talking about me to her coworkers during the entire process in her native tongue and constantly sulking.
Overall if you do go to this place and you live around the area I would try to avoid them go a block and a half down to Golden Chopsticks instead they're a lot nicer. While Long River's food is slightly better and cheaper, the customer service (via the lady at the front) overwrites that slight upside.oh man.. i decided to walk here once because i do not know enough about the city north of race street.  the bathroom is so disgusting that I am scared for teh sanitary conditions of my food.  
still really good boneless spareribsShrimp lo mein: lacked a little seasoning but really good. Small was good for 2 people. 
Pork moo shu: really good. Good flavor. Rice patty was hard due to the delivery but still good. 
Crab Rangoon: average. A bit too much cream cheese.
Shrimp dumplings: average. Lacked flavor.It's very sad that I live in Chinatown but if I want AFFORDABLE Chinese Food for one delivered I have to order outside of Chinatown.   This place is pretty decent.  I've ordered that traditional Chinese dish BBQ pork tips from here, and they were delish.  I've also had General Tso chicken and meat dumplings, and they were also really really good.  The price was right.  15 dollars including tip for loads of food.  They could included more rice tho.I work once and a while at a building called 'the Colonnade" located across the st. from CCP on 16th and Spring Garden Zone (A sonic the hedgehog pun. hahaha. i'll stop... anyway). There isn't much for food if I forgotten to pack a lunch as I sit at a desk for eight hours reading a book, drawing, or trying not to let the voices in my head tell me things like Jack in 'the Shining', this place by the way has that same vibe, it's big, creepy, and full of interesting people. So what we have is a pizza shop 'City View' and this place 'Long River'. I must say this is as mediocre as Chinese Food gets. I can't say it isn't bad but I can't say it isn't good either. It's kind of like someone taking both black and white and creating gray and serving it to you. That's kind of how the service goes too. They have vacant faces and have more things on their mind then trying to deliver good service. Not that I blame them. Maybe this isn't what they expected doing when arriving in America. Heck, isn't this the land of 'Golden Opportunities'? Well to some the harsh reality sets in, even as our stocks and jobs keep plummeting and gas and food rocket up. I really get the cheapest things on the menu here and it tastes just like that, especially the rubbery hard fried wontons. Blah. But when you're hungry you consider this then say mud and sugar patties, which is what Haitians are made to eat as we speak. I'm actually grateful to be where I am.
WOW! This review is actually depressing...
On a good note I finished 'The Phantom Tollbooth', which if you never did as a child it's still a good book for an adult. Please read it will make you happy! OH and also to counter-balance this depressing review... I sprinkle it with MAGICAL FAIRY DUST! And it transforms into a beautiful butterfly and flutters away. Fly away review! FLY AWAY!
God bless us everyone!placed a pickup order for lunch today. woman who answered the phone was rude. went to pickup my order and waited for 5 minutes and was never acknowledged by the woman behind the counter as other people ordered and picked up. never got to experience the food but one star based completely on the service experience.If I could just rate their hot and sour soup, it would be a 3/3. Really, really good, at least for me. Tons of wood/cloud ear mushrooms, great tofu, bamboo shoots, the works. Very light-to-medium hot level, and nicely sour. So good and comforting, even in the summer. With some chili flakes/powder applied at home it'll give you a good sweat, which is refreshing even in the summer. I usually grab a big one of these and an egg roll for a quality supper.
The rest of their stuff is just standard take-away American Chinese food found everywhere in the city. I think they make most if not all of it fresh, but it doesn't seem to make much of a difference for this kind of stuff really. I'd recommend the lo and chow meins, and if you want their taste on a Baltimore/Philly bastardization, get the yat gaw mein. Tons of noodles, incredible amounts of huge sliced onions, your choice of pork or chicken (get the pork) and topped with a ludicrous brown gravy. It'll blast a hangover to oblivion with just a sprinkling of soy and hot sauces.
I've never eaten in the place and I wouldn't recommend it. It is usually cold or hot depending on the season due to the foot traffic, and there are only 3-4 tables available. I always call in and no matter the amount of nonsense I've ordered, depending on how intoxicated I am, it is always ready within 10 minutes. I've never had anything delivired since I live three blocks away, so your mileage may vary.
$10.00 minimum on cards, by the way.
On the way out I usually grab a gumball for a quarter, and they're pretty solid.Much better than Golden Chopsticks.  Love their dumplings.  Also nice proportions of meat to veggies in their dishes.  Good cheap chinese food.  I called in my order and after we both repeated ourselves a few times, I still didn't know if they understood me.   They ended up getting it right but I felt almost rude repeating myself so many times because I couldn't understand the person on the other end of the line.was kind of in a rush on friday night to get food and head out. i called for delivery, dreading the possible 1 hr delay til the food came but the food came surprisingly quick... maybe in like 25 minutes. the food was pretty decent too. i had the shrimp fried rice and my buddy had boneless spare ribs with chicken fried rice.If you want a lot of good food for a small price, come here.
Not the most amazing choices ever and not a very good menu selection but you definitely get a bang for your buck, size wise at least. Great for a big group when you want leftovers too.
Didn't take long to deliver as well.
People in person are nice sometimes too but usually prefer delivery man because he's extra friendly and usually nicest at the door.
Decent food for very decent price btw.
Quantity is the key here though.Why does a place like this even exist? Who actually wants this prime location across from CCP to be occupied by this restaurant? What population does this place serve aside from people who have no taste and love to get diarrhea?
I am eating the shrimp fried rice as we speak. The shrimp basically crumbled in my mouth as if they were reconstituted with water from powder. The rice is gummy and an uncomfy shade of brown (no, it's not brown rice). The only nod to the meager, predicatible, but lovable vegetable family which usually populates fried rice is some diced onion. That's it: 5 shitty shrimp, a glop of gloppy tinted rice, and some onion. 
To whomever it was in these reviews who said they could "vouch for the fried rice", I suggest you reevaluate what it means to attest to the relative goodness of something before you post here. Otherwise why bother? And who cares that this place is the closest to your house, guy-who-just-comes-here-cuz-it's-close? Go somewhere else, somewhere you can stand behind! Somewhere you enjoy! Let's get rid of these filthy places by choosing to walk an extra three blocks to a place that actually gives a damn.
Screw off, Long River, and take your ilk with you. You're a plague, and you deserve no patronage.I was feeling under the weather this past weekend so thought Chinese food would be the perfect comfort food. My husband and I decided to order from Long River since we've ordered it in the past. The problem is that there are so many Chinese restaurants in the area, we can't keep them straight. Unfortunately, we didn't remember the sub par food here and didn't check Yelp before ordering. 
We started with two quarts of Wonton Soup. I judge a Chinese restaurant by its Chinese soup and this was not a good sign. The brooth was bland and flavorless. Aside from the wonton's, there weren't any other veggies or pieces of pork in the soup. 
We split the Chicken Chow Ho Fun which was actually decent. It was a little greasy overall but we both enjoyed the large pieces of chicken accompanied by snow peas and onion.
I had a side of brown rice and my husband had a side of white rice. His came in a  traditional Chinese food carton and my came in a small soup dish. My rice was cold and tasted dry. It quite possibly could have been sitting around for a while before it made its way over to me. 
My fortune cookie was stale but my fortune was good. That counts for something right?
On the plus side, we had prompt delivery. We ordered from GrubHub and they estimated a delivery time of 6:15-6:30. It was a pleasant surprise when the food showed up an hour early. That could have been a mess though if we weren't home and purposely ordered our food for 6:15. 
I need to cross check this review next time I start considering Long River.Unfortunately, it was very bad.  I ordered Kung Pao Chicken and got an array of lovely veggies but deep-fried chicken skin and hunks of fried batter throughout the box.  That was $12 wasted.Imagine this: you walk into Long River Chinese Restaurant as their first customer of the day. You place your order for a general tso's chicken lunch special, and begin your patient wait for your food. Suddenly, the men prepping your food notice the garbage truck collecting trash outside, and begin a frenzied mission to get all of the restaurant's trash out to the trucks. you watch as they make about three trips to get the boxes, bags, and other garbage out in the nick of time. And then, you watch in terror as the first one to complete the garbage dash reaches for cooking utensils to continue to prep your food..
Simply put, I should not have had to squeal "WAIT, WASH YOUR HANDS BEFORE GOING NEAR MY FOOD" in horror to get that man to do so. Working with food, his first thought after touching all manner of trash that had been sitting everywhere from the bathroom to the floor to their outdoor back area should have been to wash his hands. After my explosion of shock and disgust, he said something in his native language to the others, who looked at me, then all grudgingly dragged themselves to the sink to wash their hands. Once they had each done so, they held their hands up, grimacing at me, before drying them. It terrifies me to think of what would have happened if I was distracted, or had placed my order over the phone and wasn't there to police their hygiene.
Would it be too obvious to state that I am never eating here again, and that you shouldn't either??suggesting delivery or take-out - This place is AMAZING! It took me 4 years since I moved to Philly to find a great Chinese food place (been spoiled by NY Chinese food...)... I've ordered from there many times & for different things, and my boyfriend & I think the food is fantastic (General Tso's ROCKS!), & it's cheap - and there's certainly no better combination than that!!! This has definitely been the best I've had so far in Philly (and I've tried a lot of places over the years...) Haven't had a bad meal yet....... =)The food is what you would expect from a Chinese American fast food place. And I would recommend other ppl trying it if it weren't for the horrible customer service. The staff aren't friendly at all!!!  They give off the impression that their taking your money as a favor to you instead of being gracious since you chose to patronize their establishment. I haven't tried the Asian fusion restaurant Itea, which is  two doors down from Long River yet. But based on Yelp reviews it's worth a try.Once again, a mixed bag.  Food is pretty good...if they send you the correct order, which almost never happens.  The shame is the restaurant workers are rude, arrogant, indignant, and insulting.   No matter how I order, over the phone or via Grubhub, they never include all items.  They're favorite to forget are sauces for dumplings, pancakes for moo shu anything.  And when you call to have it corrected, the female who always answers the phone blames the customer.Seriously the worst chinese dump I have ever had the misfortune of going into.
First, the entire place is filthy - walls, ceiling, counter, table, everything is broken, covered in dust and caked on oil. If this wasn't Philly I would wonder why this hole has not been shut down by the health department. I guess they have to give food poisoning to an entire law office to have that happen.
On top of the dirtiness, the staff truly do take rudeness to another level. The one who took my order literally had her cell phone glued to her ear the entire time I was in the restaurant. On top of all this, it took them nearly 15 minutes to make a lunch special. One dish with three ingredients, and brown rice that the cell phone lady microwaved. Yep, fifteen minutes. 
The people who are "surprised" by the bad reviews have probably never stepped inside this disgusting pit. Trust me, if any of you do, you will sing a different tune!Not great Chinese food, bottom line. Have had multiple dishes. The meat dishes taste like they were frozen before. The fried rice not much flavor. Wouldn't really recommend it unless your options were very limited.  One star.The food was horrible. I ordered something easy (fried rice) it was hard and crunchy...The Crab Rangoon was nasty as hell. I would never recommend this place to anyone.Writing this review as I am waiting on my order. It is 8:30pm on a Thursday night. Only person in the shop yet it's been 25 minutes since I've ordered a pint of general tso chicken. When asked about the status of my order, response was it's ready, yet here I wait. If you want food from here, order delivery because they are on their own time zone.ONE of The worst place ever to go take food, unrespectful staff and food wasn't good tooLong River Chinese offers pretty serviceable Chinese takeout. The food I've ordered (Beef and Broccoli, Wonton soup, and some other standards) has been good, but not outstanding. It's fairly average for Philly's standard takeout places.
The first thing you will notice when you walk in the door is the smell. It's not pleasant, some kind of mixture of ammonia, egg rolls, and maybe cleaning supplies. Not a great smell, and it's ultimately the smell that caused me to stop ordering from Long River.I have been ordering from them for years.  I placed my order online today for general tso's tofu and they sent me chicken.  I called and was told over and over that I ordered general tso's chicken .  I was looking at my order when I called them back.  Had I made the error I would have just thrown it in the trash.  I will NEVER order from them again.  Terrible customer service.  She was rude and hung up on me.  I'm almost scared to eat it when they bring me my proper orderThe Chinese is good; however the actual restaurant is pretty gross. It looks very unclean and unsanitary. But the lady who works there is extremely nice. She will give you free egg rolls or crab Rangoons if it doesn't come with your meal.This place used to be good!
For pick up, we ordered a pint of kung pao chicken, and two combination platters, general tso's and egg foo young. We called right back to ask them to put white rice instead of fried rice with the egg foo young. The lady asked if we want fried rice with the other combo, we said yes.
We go pick up, then return to eat. The combo platter with the pork fried rice has no pork! I call up to complain, and they repeated over the phone what I wrote above... Pork fried rice comes standard, but they assumed we didn't want it.
They said I can return it. I told them I have been enjoying the place for the past 10 years, and asked if they can deliver they correct dish. The lady said no, and just kept repeating "I know, I know, I know" and would argue that we said we wanted no pork.
Erghhh, I can't go back. What a way to ruin 10 years of loyalty. I really did enjoy the place, and consistently recommended it to people in the neighborhood.
I did go back... only to return the food.The food is good but the delivery people are not the friendliest. I work at an office and cannot leave my desk unattended and I tell them that every time. I get their attitudes, they complain about the parking, one guy said I would have to pay his ticket if he got one(that wasn't going to happen). Today will be the last day I order anything from this restaurant. Like I said food is good but, the delivery guys...ridiculously rude and not customer friendly.Where do I begin... If I could rate this place below a zero... I would! The service was horrible. I'm pretty sure she disrespected me in her native tongue because I asked for a to go container, which she charged me an extra dollar for!  
We stood in their cramped dining area which was littered with open packages of fried noodles and looked like something out of a Saw film. We waited for at least half an hour for our food. And when we got it, it became obvious that the lady at the counter didn't even take my friend's full order and proceeded to argue with her about it as if it was her fault that the lady was too busy talking to her buddies, which I might add just stood there like they had no idea they were suppose to be working.
We're college students and were studying, looking for dinner close to campus. The 40mins it took to walk over there, wait for our food and walk back, was a complete waste of time as the food was utterly disgusting, and we could not force ourselves to finish. 
In conclusion, I have half a mind to report them to the Health department for the state of their restaurant. The only upside to this experience is that I now have a plastic to go container to use for future lunches. This was absolutely the worst dining experience I have ever had in my entire life. If there is someone that I hate so much that would wish food poisoning on, this would the restaurant that I would send them to. NEVER EAT HERE.I was between two and three stars but i went for the two because the staff is just so rude! The food is like any other low end cheap Chinese place. The place itself is just not nice I definitely would not sit in to eat. The worse part is the staff is just not nice at all..While taking your order they just yell to the kitchen or pick up the phone not even an excuse me! Every time i come here i think why didn't i just go to golden chopsticks a couple blocks away...Speaking of chopsticks you would think they would just give them to you no you have to ask and when you do its like they really don't want to give them to you...My suggestion would be to see other chinese...I'm surprised by the bad reviews as well. I really like their fried dumplings and general tso's chicken (and this is coming from an Asian person who used to work in a Chinese restaurant!). Their portion sizes are pretty hefty but I deducted a couple of stars because the other food is pretty standard and forgetful, delivery can be slow sometimes, and the store could use a face-lift since it is pretty outdated/old looking. I've tried other Chinese takeouts in the area and this is my go-to spot.Long River Chinese Restaurant? How about naming it Long WAIT Chinese Restaurant. Takes them forever and a day to make your food. Food is standard/average Chinese take-out. Slightly better actually. If Long RIver was an NFL team they would finish the season with a 9-7 record and MAYBE qualify for a wild-card berth. The good part is there is plenty of tables to sit at. That is important for me personally since I work nearby and don't like to be bothered by colleagues at work while I eat. I will gladly talk about the weather, sports, our families, politics, even religion, but "what's the status of the Pensky FIle?" while I have food in my mouth?. No way! LOL!
This place gets 3 stars for food, gets docked a star for taking forever (just call in plenty of time if you are on time constraints) but gets added a star back for having plenty of seating. Especially important in inclement weather. Will continue to order from this place every now and then, as most of the time I brown bag it.