We waited 40 minutes to get our bar drinks. I'm not sure why it took so long  if we weren't hear to celebrate my grandmothers birthday I would have walked out.I love this place for steaks. I always order the ribeye and Longhorn never fails me taste and flavor. Their steak are always cook to perfect. They also have a great selection of beer and mix drink. I order a margarita on the rocks with greygoose and it was amazing. Staff are very friendly and helpful. And agin, the steaks are always great. Much better than some of the pricey steakhouse I've been to.It's my family's go to place for a steak dinner. We usually order the same appetizer ,firecracker chicken wraps.  My wife always gets the 6oz flows fillet. I either get a ribeye or a sirloin. The steak is good and service is prompt. I tried the mixed vegetables the last time we went. They tasted good but they were cut very big. I wish they were cut into smaller bite size pieces. 4 stars for good quality food and service. I don't give 5 stars to chain restaurants bc it's basically the same meal no matter what location you go to.Been there about 8 times dined with family and a few times for take out, Never had a problem with service or food. Very good with children and large groups. Most food is average to just above average. Baby back ribs are excellent.Food is ok and the service is spotty depending on when you go. The only thing that keeps me coming back is the delicious outlaw ribeye.The service was awful and food was worst.  Had the nerve to mess up my check and add extra charges. Will never be back here again..ever!!!I consistantly have a positive experience at Longhorn Steakhouse.  Went there Monday, 
Jun 26th.
Food was great and plentiful.  Waitress was "Kelsey" who provided excellent attention to our rather strange and quirky party of three.My family and I used to love coming to Longhorn. But as of lately the service has been poor, the food has been lukewarm and something always gets messed up. I love coming here for three reasons, potato soup, steak house Mac and and cheese and most importantly, watermelon margaritas. Honestly, I could care less about the steak most of the time but my husband is a large guy with a big appetite.  We decided to give it a final chance the other night. But we received the same waiter as before ( who gave extremely poor service the first time due to personal issues - we figured that maybe he would redeem himself this time so we didn't ask for someone else). But no. He gave the kids steak instead of cheese burgers, we complained but he charged us for them anyway. My margarita had salt AND sugar on the rim... WTF? And the food was barely warm. All of the food. Appitizers, entrees, etc. We had to ask for refills and bread. He was MIA half the time... Just like last time. How is he still working there? We've had some great servers there. Where have they gone? Maybe we'll just have to try different locations. But since this one is the closest to our house, so it's unlikely we will be back to any Longhorn. Every time we come, our bill is always over $120. So to pay that and get less than mediocre food and terrible service? Utterly Heart broken... I used to love you Longhorn.I made a mistake and went to this place last night. I usually go to the one in nishaminy i love the service and cleanliness there. Any way let's put this way. Rude unprofessional manager i don't know his name but he is black. Lazy waitress, under our table smelled like dirty socks and finally ice cold over seasoned food came to the table. We didn't touch the food and left we went to the one in nishaminy and we had a great time. Don't go to that place in Whitman plaza on the blvd. Very bad management food and service.The food was fine,but.................my credit card was apparently skimmed by the waiter, because when my bill came in the mail there were charges on there that were not from me, they were on the bill directly after we were at Longhorn,There were purchases from a clothing website,an amtrack ticket, hotel stays in lansdale,pa. ,and williamsburg, va. I sure hope he had a good time. I will never go back there even if I have cash.Longhorn, being the only chain steakhouse by our house, gets about a bi-monthly visit from us.  Its not the greatest of steakhouses of course, but its good enough to keep us coming back. 
Service has always been great here. We usually get the Texas Tonion (Crispy onions) as our appetizer. The steaks are always cooked to our liking.  For being a chain restaurant, we can't complain.I used to really like this place for the food and reasonable prices, but I won't go back.
We picked Longhorn specifically because we were craving the T'onion appetizer (fried onion petals).  We were told the they were out of the T'onion.  Disappointed, but we went on and ordered entrees at which point we were told they were totally out of potatoes (no baked, mashed, nothing!) for side dishes and we needed to pick a veggie.  On top of this, they were out of honey wheat bread and served a sandwich roll cut up as the bread.  Sad enough they were out of the appetizer, but also potatoes and bread?!  Most restaurants would go to the local grocery store and get more potatoes if that was the case - I mean come on, it's a steakhouse!  
On top of all the shortages, the service was annoying slow.  They would need to get a new manager in this restaurant before I would consider going back!I just love this place. I ordered the steak, Mac and mashed potatoes. The steak is good, Mac is wonderful it should be ordered everyone I visit, the mashed potatoes are good as well. I always get this when I leave NY.As I said before longhorn steak house is one of my favorite restaurant. I have been same restaurant but different city and states last 1 month. I always go to this place for dinner . 
Great service,great staff, super menu which is very very reasonable..I really like this place,but the last time I was there the service was terrible . Our waitress had only 2-3 tables which she managed to keep clean except ours.  She never clean our table from the pile of dirty dishes. And it would be okay if only she was as inattentive to other tables as she was to us.  Maybe we didn't look as profitable as other guests but it that must not affect quality of service.  Hope to see some changes in future.I have never been to Longhorn Steakhouse unfortunately. However I'm glad I did. The food was very good. The service was excellent to be on the Blvd..... huh..."you don't say". As for what to order...order what ever sounds good to you I'm sure it will be. I will be going back.OMG This place sucks I go to the one in Scranton PA all the time never a prob!! This one is horrible they made us wait 20 minutes even though they were about six empty tables!! We waited a good 10 minutes to be waited on the drinks took forever!! The fried green tomatoes were raw!! The steak was overcooked service very slow and just an overall very bad experience one of the worst ever!!!!we gave this place one last try and we will never be back! Our server had too many tables and she could not get to us for 15 minutes. The manager seemed unconcerned with our lack of attention and we found out later that Bob was the GM. wE HAD TO SEND OUR RIBS BACK, THEY WERE COLD.  We HAD NO S&P shakers and no refills on drinks for 10 minuts. This place is understaffed and uncaring. Save your yourself these hassles and go elsewhere!!!We came here on a Friday night. The wait was 35 minutes- as expected for a busy dining night. We waited that long for our orders to arrive. I asked for my steak to be cooked well done and my BF ordered his medium well. The cook mixed them up AND gave my BF the wrong side. The server asked if we wanted to send our steaks back. My BF was ok eating his well done, but I was not ok with medium well. Never ok with a steak that is not well done. So, they put it back on the grill and cooked until it was well. Needless to say, it was overcooked and atringy the second time. I was starving, so I ate it without additional complaint. We couldn't even enjoy our meal together. The idea is to eat at the same time!
The entire dining room floor was full of trash. I have never in my life experienced this!!! Everyone is walking around as if they don't see it and it bothers no one!!! 
I avoid public restrooms whenever possible. Judging by the trash on the floor, I knew what the restrooms  must be like. I didn't chance it. My BF did. It was disgusting. It reeked of urine and the floor was dirty. 
Just stay away.The food from this place is always really tasty and well cooked. Don't come on the weekend if you don't want to wait. Definitely be sure to call ahead, and you can even call your order in and pick it up if you want to eat at home. The only negative of this place is the wait, but that's only on the weekend and is to be expected of a place that serves good food and has a good environment.Horrible. Took us 20 minutes to get silverware. Ended up eating salad with our hands. My steak was seared on a flat top not grilled. Corners cut like crazy. I regret every minute of being here. Steak was shit too. I just wanted a simple meal. Dammit. -rob bailey (my first official restaurant review)It's going to have to work it's way up to get to one star.  Waited well over the quoted 45 min- 1 hr wait time. Then when we sat it was without silverware. Manager seems uncaring. Asked her for water and in the next two passes asked again before we received any water. Been here before but today the margarita was far from "perfect". It tasted like watery fruit punch that is way over priced.  Right now I don't have. Lot of hope for our steaks.   Make it worse, it was the managing partner WOW. 
6 and a high chair sat down, 3 and a high chair got to eat. No way was this worth the trip.  Sucks that 3 of us have to take our dinner home in a box. Can't say it was fun watching them eat. You would think a steak house would know how to cook a steak. The chicken was easy, yes, the 3 that ate had chicken.  Ugh.  They did the steaks over and the manager comped a lot of the check. But you never get that time back. Sorry.My wife and I came here for a steak dinner. We were tired and didn't feel like cooking dinner. I came here once before and the steak was pretty good. 
We arrived at 7pm, It wasn't crowded but a nice amount of peolpe. We were shown to our table with no problem, the hostess gave us our menus and a sure us the waitress will be coming very shortly. But 30minutes has gone by and no waitress. 
My wife got really upset, so I raised my hand to wave for any staff members. Finally a waitress came to take our order.
 I order the 8oz prime rib medium rare with mash potatoes and mac n cheese. She order the 8oz prime rib medium well with asparagus and rice. She also order a drink see saw on the menu. I order a long island ice tea.
A few minutes later our complementary bread and butter came to our table. We slowly picked at it, it was warm and fresh, it was quite tasty.
40minutes have passed since we last seen our waitress, by this time my wife and I was starving. Then finally the waitress came with our order. My wife got all her orders on her plate. But for me, the chef forgot the mac n cheese. To make it even worse my steak was overly cook. I prefer my steak medium rare, but it was medium well, like my wife.
The waitress was so nice and so apologetic, she told me she would comp my plate and she will get my mac and cheese as soon as possible. 
So because of that I couldn't be too mad. 
Our drinks came, and I saw what my wife order. It was a martini, she order it because she think the glass was cute. Mind you, my wife do not drink. I didn't tell her what it was.
At the end of our meal, my wife got dizzy and lite headed. I laughed and told her what she dranked was liquor. She couldn't walk straight, so she was pretty pissed off.
We pay for our meal and left the waitress a nice tip for being friendly and nice.Food was okay. Service was terrible - plates never cleared between appetizers, dinner & dessert. Waitress told us not rush. I guess she wasn't in one either, especially to clear some room on the table.So there's a table in the bar area that's no service. No sign, no indication of this at all.  Thanks for the heads up, any of the half dozen staff that wouldn't look at us. How hard would it have been for a member of their wait staff to simply state a not so obvious clue while we wasted 15 minutes. 
The icing on this shit sandwich was the outright hostility which resulted when an inquiry was made. Hey bartender: your income is based on tips. Perhaps bitch isn't the best way to go. 
Never to return. Screw this place.Giving this restaurant a four. Everything was good including the service. But the entrees were a little overly salted for my taste.  I felt sorry for our waiter that was being excused of an attitude by another customer.  Nothing further from the truth at our table. Next please less salt!!At first, my brother and i didn't want to try this place out just because it was really dark and we weren't big fans of steaks. But i was pretty surprised! The steaks weren't too dry and i enjoyed the experience. I recommend asking them to cook your meats medium well. Their meats are seasoned well and the service was okay,I've always liked this place although I wish the prices weren't so high, or at least for a chain restaurant I should say. That being said, I can honestly say that's the only semi negative thing about this restaurant. The food here is good the service is great it's a very spacious venueLonghorn, for what it is, a lower level steakhouse, is actually quite good. The steaks are well seasoned (probably must be because the meat isn't of the highest grade) and having them well seasoned more than makes up for its grade. 
The wait staff, bartenders, hostesses etc are attentive and receptive.Used to be one of our favorite places to eat. Don't know what happened after a year. The steaks are great, can't say the same about the seafood. A big change is definitely the service; it seems like they are severely understaffed!The food here is never bad but sometimes menu is not consistent. Very good steak. Is often busy but worth the wait id you have the time. Convenient location near shopping and US Rt 1.Great food, a bit pricey, but worth it. Service was friendly and efficient.I dine here once a wk every week- as long as I can afford it. Prices are reasonable but I rack it up with 2 apps. I have to have my Fire Cracker Chicken Wraps and the Hubby has to have his shrimp cocktail. There are 2 Awesome waitresses and one Awesome Waiter  that we hope to get whenever we go. The one waiter knows what we want w/out even asking! LOVE THAT! On a few occasions I have gotten some newbies- one spilled my Strawberry Lemonade all over me and the other was SLOW as molasses. BUT- Overall- Foods always great and the place is always clean. Highly recommended!I have been here three different times over the year. Our service has always been great. Polite, respectful, not afraid to talk to us. We always go on Sundays as that is when it is empty-ish. They take our order very nicely and bring us our food. Then afterwards feel free to deliver refills before we even ask. Whatever we fail to finish, they put in a to go bag. Then they say good by and assure our cups are full. 5/5This place is always crowded, I don't think there is a good time to go. I have been here twice and each time was pleasant  but the wait is a killer. There is not enough  waiting space, so everyone is piled up at the entrance or outside. Since I'm on a budget, I tend to go for the 2 for $30 deal. There is more than enough for and at such a great price. The bread is delicious and you have to be careful because it will fill you up but it's so good and warm. I would highly recommend the baked sweet potato as a side, it's really good. I have had their steaks but this time I tried their chicken it was pretty good and it also a great leftover dish. My server was nice and attentive, some tables lacked that in their server. But I did notice the manager picking up the slack, which I thought was nice team work.we had dinner there with my parents. the service was good and the food was okey. I had parmesan crusted chicken . my friend she had sierra chicken...second trip. awesome service and food last time, this time the service was meh. got here around 7p friday night and it was pretty empty as opposed to the first time. sat for 10 minutes before Lisa Marie(atleast that was the name on the bill) came over and took our order. food came out fast and delicious, but that was the last she came to us until i had to wave her down to get the check. didnt ask if we wanted refills or dessert, didnt check up on us throughout our meal, nada. oh well. still, and i cant stress this enough, the food is great. 12oz prime rib med well, 1/3 rack baby back ribs with mac n cheese.This was my first time visiting a Longhorn Steakhouse and I was not impressed. Our Waiter was very not attentive, rude, and overall he was all over the place. 
When we were ready to order we asked him simple questions like what sides are included with our dishes etc. and he kept making faces and saying "just the regular stuff you know.." he was not being helpful at all.
When he brought our drinks out it was dripping and spilling all over the table and somehow we only got three coasters and three plates although we were four people.
The Nachos were good, however very small in size.
I got the Salmon and veggies they were pretty good in taste but the salmon was overcooked and hard.
My boyfriend got a burger and fries; his burger was also really overcooked and hard.
Our friend got Filet Mignon and he said it was prepared to perfection.
Other friend got Chicken and Sweet Potato which was really bad in taste.. apparently the spicy chicken was sweet and the sweet potato had sugar sprinkled all over. 
Dessert was cheesecake and it was not bad.In the future we will definitely avoid this place in non-peak hours. The food was fine but service was extremely poor. There seemed to be only one server for the whole dining room.  Everything from our water and drinks, to a take home box and our check took forever from when l asked for them until they appeared.  
I felt bad for the server and wish he'd had more support from the restaurant management. When you spend 60 for two appetizers and entrées it's not unreasonable to expect better service.I don't normally post negativity on Yelp but my family and I had an absolutely terrible meal at this location tonight.  Both my NY strip and my husband's 10oz filet were ordered Medium and came out completely rare.  My husband sent his filet back once to refire but it came back exactly the same, completely rare.  Not wanting to send the filet back a 2nd time, he simply did not eat it.  The server handled the situation well and the manager was sincerely apologetic and removed the meal plus 25% from our bill but we will not be returning any time soon.Longhorn changed menu and no longer has fried shrimp; I enjoyed going there because there was something for everyone. The wait was way too long to get a seat. Food was just ok
Staff super friendly and efficient. Not returning anytime soonGood food, or rather, good steak. And only steak(and the bread they give at the beginning of the meal). When I went last I got the steak with a crab cake on top, with a baked potato, the potato was flavorless, and the crab cake had too manny shells in it. For what I paid for that plate I was very disappointed by the result. One time I got broccoli as my side, it was gross. It clearly was over cooked, as the color was dark and wilted as if it sat in the stern table for wayyy too long. The atmosphere is good, the waitstaff is nice as well, but the food could be better prepared and servedThe steaks are not bad here, the only problem is the service. NO forks or knife on my table. The honey wheat bread was cold.We waited for over an hour for our food and when it came out it was cold and not cooked the way I ordered it. We asked the manager to get my son some new fries because his food was cold from sitting in the back so long as well. Instead of bringing new fries, we got reheated old fries. Well never come here again.I previously posted about the many negative experiences my family and I have been having here over the past year. A representative from Longhorn contacted me and persuaded me to try it again. So I took the bait and we went back after about a month between visits. Well I'm glad that I did!!! We had the most wonderful server who was on point with everything. The receipt said his name was Mark H. He's was very friendly, knew his information, knew exactly when ppl wanted new drinks, he put our appetizer order in when we ordered drinks and all of our food came out with plenty of time to eat it instead of feeling rushed or waiting too long. The food was the right temperature and my margaritas were made perfect. We asked for dessert to go and even gave us drinks in to go cups. Who knew Longhorn had to go cups for drinks!!!! Beyond amazing service!!! We vowed that if the service was bad that this time that we would never come back... Well we will definitely be back and only ask for Mark. Because of him and his excellent service, we're back to being regular customers. Longhorn should promote him to be the staff trainer!!!Always great friendly service. I am obsessed with their side salads! Spicy chicken bites make a delicious appetizer! We just try to avoid coming in during the evenings on the weekend because even as early as 4:30 they have over an hour wait.I was disappointed with the service and my waiter was not happy to serve us. We did not like the smell  that was coming from the kitchen and the staff knew it was there too!! Me and family were always happy with this restaurant and disappointed how downhill it went since the last time we have been here!! We asked what the side dishes were and he said with an attitude to " look in the menu, that's what is there for isn't it?" We were very, very surprised at the waiter for treating me and my family very rude and he was all over the place, from my experience I think he treated everyone else poorly. I will never bring my family back here for as long as I live!!Their service is horrible. My boyfriend and I walked in, never to be met by a hostess. After seating ourselves at the bar, we waited for almost 10 min before the bar area was wiped down and we were given menus. Subsequently after being given menus we were told we had 10 minutes to order because the kitchen was about to close. Sadly we could have been informed of that when we first seated ourselves instead of waiting 10 minutes then being rushed to order. That was my first and last time I will ever go there again.Went for lunch on the 19th of July for the first time. The decor is beautiful( felt like i was in a western movie set!). Our waitress was really nice, polite and fast! Before the meal they bring you soft and hot bread and butter too! I got the Parmesan and Garlic Chicken Breast (amazingly delicious!) with a side of Mac&Cheese and French Fries and my boyfriend got a NY Strip Steak 14oz with a side of rice and corn on the cob. I was very satisfied with my meal but my boyfriends steak was a bit on the medioum side even though we asked for medium-well. We asked to cook it a bit more but when they brought it back(they gave him a full extra side of rice-free of charge)it was still kinda undercooked. Other than that it was overall a great experience! We will be back for more definitely!Service was excellent, waitress was on her game! Definitely earned her generous tip. Food and drinks was amazing.. first time there and will definitely go again.  Went after work on a Friday around 5. Wasn't busy at all.. when we started to leave is when it started to get crowded (around 6:30)horrible series the food takes forever the waitress is ignoring never come to this place againWent during lunch and had to wait..Was told short staff...Well it must always be That way. I always wait. But the parking lot was empty. Management probably doesn't care or monitor these things on how they're doing cause it's always the same story. But food is always good. Just they piss me off cause it's lack of proper management.Although the reviews for this location have scored it low the only issue I've every had is wait time. The food has been consistent and delicious.Never again! Came here about a month ago with a group of about 8. We arrived about 8pm and got seated shortly after since I did call ahead . We ordered at about 8:20pm we didn't received our food until about an hour after! Portions where small for the price we were paying , an average of $15 a plate. Fries were cold, but didn't even want to bother in returning them since it took so long to get it in the first place. This is a prime example in why I stay away from chain restaurants. I could have made a better steak at home. Don't waste your time or your money. Food was bland , the only good part was the Blue Moon beer on draft.This might have been my last time at this location.  They were not crowded and we waited over an hour for our meal.  None of our meals were hot.  We were never brought bread and we had to wait awhile for refills.  Someone I was with sent their dinner back right away.  None of the plates were hot - even our appetizers.  We had to take our empty plates and put them on the empty table next to us.
The manager did come over as soon as one of our meals was sent back.  He offered to make another meal, free of charge, but we declined.  The only reason I am giving two stars is because the manager acted so quickly.
We even had to take our check to our server because we think he forgot.  We were put away in a small corner.
Needless to say, we won't be going back.  The place was not busy at all, and it was a Monday night.  The slow service was unacceptable.If your singular focus is steak, here is a really good franchise. They have an extensive selection of cuts and they are great. They have some menu options besides steak but honestly I've never tried them; I'm in a steakhouse aren't I? 
You step into ultra western deco, bull horns and all. The waiter serves great bread and butter while you look over the menu. There have been a couple times the hosts up front haven't been the friendliest but the waiting staff have always made up for it.Service thus far is sub par. Was seated right away but no server came to greet us until another waiter went to get someone on our behalf. Our "waiter" is actually one of the bartenders. 
Finally got the appetizer after 20 minutes. The spinach dip quantity is disproportionate to the chips. The waiter apologized that the original request got "messed up". We had to request more chips. The manager brought out the chips. He apologized for the slow service when we reported it to him .   He neither accepted responsibility for it or acknowdged it.
Food finally arrived after 40 minutes. No bacon on the bacon burger and no honey mustard on the side as requested. The burger tasted dried out. The bun was hard.They brought out bacon crumbles. Its possible the burger had been microwaved. I can't think of another explanation for burger and bun.  
We're ready to go at this point. Won't be back. If we ever get the waiter's attention we'll ask for the check.  
*update I never got the creamed spinach, husband never got his broccoli. The waiter acknowledged his shortcomings and took the burger off the billI have to say I love it! First time first impression and it was all good! 
The salad and the appetizer was very delicious, and the bread is a plus!   I order the sirloin steak and it was made exactly how I wanted it and the waiter was really nice.  Me and my friend enjoy eating at LongHorn very much, we had a good time.  We got there at 7 pm and we only waited one minute to be seated.  I guess depending on the time you arrive if there's more people you may have to wait.  I be going back again! The dessert was super delicious (chocolate molten lava), worth going back.  
Hey if the food is good I really don't care if the waiter makes no eye contact.   I see that everyone states that the food is good and that's what matter the most.  I honestly had no issues with the staff.  They seem nice to me.I came here a few nights ago with my boyfriend for a nice dinner out since we both had a really long day. 
It was a pretty busy time and the place was more packed than anticipated, but we didn't have to wait very long to be seated. 
The overall ambience was very nice and laid back. The service was average at best. 
We had to wait an excruciatingly long time for our main courses to arrive, but fortunately, we had more than enough appetizers and starters to hold us over. By the time our main courses reached us,  we were already ready to go,  sadly. 
I didn't really like the consistency of the spinach dip I'd ordered because the texture was too thick for my liking, but the flavor was very mouth watering. The tortilla chips weren't seasoned very well,  in my opinion; the majority of the chips were very bland compared to one's I've Had at other restaurants. Only very small parts or corners of the chips had any hints of flavor at all,  so it was a slight disappointment. 
The grilled chicken and avocado sandwich was superb,  though I felt like more avocado spread could have been used. 
The fries were extremely salty! I don't know what was used to season them, but whoever did the fries that night definitely over seasoned. The texture was perfect, but the seasoning was so heavy, I ended up drinking my entire glass of strawberry daiquiri in one go. 
The caramel apple gold rush was the best part of the experience. The presentation was gorgeous and the flavor can only be described as a cross between an apple turnover, a strawberry cheese cake and an apple pie. It was very decadent, but the portion was too small. 
The food does seem a bit overpriced considering the small portions,  but for the quality of certain items,  it was definitely worth it. 
Despite enjoying the food here, I don't think I'll be returning to this location since the service wasn't as good as it could have been.True rating is 3.5 stars.  Let's start with the positives.  We were sat promptly , greeted and had our orders placed in a very reasonable time.  Our server was fairly tentative and on the ball. Everything came in proper order (bread,  appetizer,  salad , then main course) and in a fairly short period of time.  That was very pleasant.  I hate waiting when I'm starving lol. 
 And now for the not so good.  The food was hot and pretty tasty but hardly memorable.  Also the price was up there with some "fine dining" establishments.  About 80$ for two. The level of quality seems to miss the mark even though the meal was more than edible. 
I would return but I wouldn't get another $30 ribeye from here.  The honey wheat bread was delicious!I would have to say that the menu is way more exciting than the service. My boyfriend and I finally used gift cards given to us and I'm happy we used a gift because I probably would not come back.....
The server made zero eye contact and was complacent the whole time. The kitchen made my food wonderfully until I noticed my steak was well instead of medium. I was not thrilled. I ate it though because I was starving and the sauce was delicious. What I ordered was the flat iron steak with stuffed portobello.This place only receives a two stars because I was compensated for my meal.  I walked in and the place was dirty and I was not greeted.  So I went to the bar and sat down.  The bar was dirty and the bar tender was no where to be found.  When the bar tender approached I ordered my food and an apple martini for a drink..The martini was so stiff I was tipsy after two gulps...Now I like to get right, but I would have been drunk before I left!! The martini was not blended well with the sour mix and it was just filled with vodka..it just tasted terrible..
20 mins later still waiting for the appetizer..hmmph..frustrating...finally the food comes out and its well...meh...
Told the manager and he comped my bill...needless to say I will never be back there.Very dirty. I mean so gross. The toilets were overflowing, food on the floors & table was sticky.Steaks are good, but service is hit-or-miss. Prices are a bit high for a chain steakhouse.  Decent meal, but meh.....A friend and I went for dinner on Friday.  It was pretty crowded so we sat at the bar until a table was available. The bartender made us our drinks and they were very good margaritas....once our table became available we took the remainder of our drinks and went to our table. 
From that point on it was all downhill !!  The waitress we had was VERY rude !!  We tried to make the best of it because my friend and I had not seen each other in ages....we asked our server if we could have more bread and she gave us an attitude and stated that our main course would be out shortly and did we REALLY need more bread ??  
We opted to have another drink in place of dessert...at that point the manager came over...we thought he was going to ask how our meal was like they often do when you go out....he told us we could not have another drink that the server thought we had enough...we only had the one drink !!  We told him to go check with the bartender to back us up since he served us the first drink and we had chatted with him...
The manager comes back to our table and stated the bartender said he agreed with the waitress...WOW
All I can say is when they screw up they really stick together....
Needless to say we are never going back to that location and I am drafting a letter to their headquarters !!!!I don't eat steak often and the types of cuts confuse me so I like how Longhorns menu breaks them down. I've been to this location several times and have always gotten a consistently good steak that is cooked the way I like. I had a sirloin and rib combo. The ribs were fantastic. The sirloin was perfectly tender but after tasting my moms ny strip I would chose that cut from now on because the flavor was far more superior. 
The only two slightly negatives during my visit was the wait time. It was clearly crowded still my party of three was told 20 minutes. It took an hour. And our server was a bit abrupt and cold at first but she mellowed out. I'm sure it was the hectic pace they were working at so we didn't let it effect our mood. I still recommend as a solid choice for steaks.It's a nice constant place for steak.
Honestly we go here once every 3 months because it's consistent, now it's consistent bad and consistent good
The problem it's constant good and constant bad.
The bad- the kitchen is so damn slow. There is always a wait because I think the kitchen can't keep up. It has to be killing The bartenders. 10 minute wait makes me avoid the bar.
The Wild West shrimp is amazing. They cooked it nice and crispy here and did not ignore the peppers. My wife makes this a meal sometimes. The salad was good but a salad.
You come here for steak and for what it is a chain it's good. And it's constant. The outlaw ribeye is fattier then I like, but the filet is spot on and the prime rib is my favorite.
Good not great but great for the boulevardLove this place! The steaks are always cooked to perfection and our server Kara was nice and speedy. Will definitely be back!Sad to say .  We just cant ever go back to this longhornes even though the food is fantastic, the gnats or fruit flies flying around the bar were disgusting!!!  The bartender said when he dims the lights, they are a little less obvious.  Swatting and eating is not a fun night out.I wasn't expecting to like longhorn as much as I did, but it was the best dinner. I had the lamb chops, which are a limited time menu offer. They were divine! We ordered the fried pickles as an appetizer and they were by far the best fried pickles I've ever had (and I've had many at other places). Everything was delicious. If you're hesitant because you think it's a "chain" get that out of your head. This was better than any "high end" restaurant. We will definitely return.I recently went to Longhorn on a Sunday with 3 other people. Once we went inside, we were immediately greeted and seated at our table. Unlike other reviewers, our table was spotless. Our waitress came over and we ordered our drinks (2 Wild Berry Sangrias, and 2 Diet Cokes). First, I'd like to state that their Wild Berry Sangria is just.. absolutely delicious! It was so delicious I had ordered a second one. Anyway, we had ordered steaks all around. I had their huge 12 ounce steak and had it prepared medium-well. Their bacon mac and cheese was to die for! Although the steak was delicious, it did have some fat in it, which was easily cut out. Other than the little bits of fat, it was yummy. 
After we finished our food, my partner and I had ordered some desert. I had their molten chocolate lava cake and my partner had their berry cheesecake. My lava cake came with ice cream on top of the warm chocolate cake. Oh. My. God. When I ate it, I thought I had died and gone to food heaven. It was THAT delicious. Their cheesecake was also freakin' delicious too! It tasted exactly like a Pellman's cheesecake. If you've never had a Pellman's cheesecake, you must be living in a cave somewhere. Those cheesecakes are extremely high quality and has to be the best cheesecakes in existence. But, that's a review for another time.
Anyway, I give this place 5 stars. My only complaint is that the whole meal came out to $142. But, the food, drinks, and desert was well worth the pricey cost. A+ from me, guys.This was the worst experience. I came here to eat and was taken to a dirty table. When I asked to be seated someplace else, in the almost empty room, I was taken to another table that needed cleaning. When I asked why I couldn't be seated at a table that was already clean, I was told there were a lot of tables that needed to be cleaned. The server said, "I guess we'll get to it.". 
A different server told my server to start me at a third table which also had to be cleaned.
 After the server swiped the table with a cocktail napkin, she left and didn't return -- not even with water or bread. She went off to talk to her colleagues. While she was dithering, I happened to glance down to see what was under my foot. Surpise. Surprise. Chicken bones. I was disgusted. I left. I should have left when I walked in and the foyer smelled like dirty mop water.Placed a mobile To Go Order. Ordered a renegade steak medium it was well done. Asked for a sweet potato with butter and brown sugar it was plain. Got a salad requested no croutons yes there were croutons. Order was placed at 8 pm and was to be ready for pick up at 840 pm more like 905 pm. Pretty bad when you mess up one food item on an entree but it takes real skill to screw up the entire order. Maybe it's just this location, because my nephew takes his family there frequently and he had a bad experience as well.  Trust me, i won't be ordering or dining in again.My son and I recently went to Longhorn Steakhouse. We had a fantastic steak dinner. We were greeted with a smile and the service was great. If you are in the area definitely stop by for a delicious steak.I came here a few times and I recommend not going when it is busy, when it's not as busy the food comes out much better. I went on a tuesday evening and the steak was made just right and the service was great. I also went on a friday night and noticed the steak was not cooked right at ALL and the service was very rushed. But overall it's a good restaurantToday was the first time I've had Longhorn and honestly I loved it! The inside is dimly lit with western/modern decor. The music is country but I didn't mind that at all. I was seated right away and waitress came just as fast to introduce herself & take my drink order. I was given warm wheat bread & butter which was so filling. I gave my order and it took about a half hour to get food but it came out hot and tasty so I didn't mind. I will definitely be back because food was so good. I'm upset with myself that I took so long to come here.Terrible! We waited an HR for a table and then an additional HR for our meal. All plates were ordered WELL... The kids burgers came burnt and all the steaks had pink!!! Unreal! What a dissapointment! Not to mention we are here for a Bday celebration!  The server tried her best but then started to display some irritation over us complaining! Considering our bill is about $200 we could have invested it else where!!!Very disappointing service. Clueless hostess, crappy waiting staff, no wonder the place is 70% empty for Sunday lunch.Enjoyed the meal overall. Server could have been more observant to notice that we were ready for the check earlier.My family and I are Longhorn.regulars and we visit this location often. Like most places in the north Philly area this location can be a bit busy but the staff and food are usually pretty good. Any issues are typically handled by the server or management promptly.I really like the food and beer, but the last two times I have been here they have allowed children to sit at the bar. Not sure what the laws in this state are in this respect, but I don't want to eat and drink with kids at the bar. Both times were evening hours where the bar traffic was substantial.By far this was the worst experiance at Longhorn. We called ahead but was told there was no wait. We arrive & waited 10 mins for others that just came. Since there were many uncleaned empty tables we were forced to sit RIGHT next to the bathroom even though we asked to move. We heard and SMELLed people do #2 during the entire dining. We ordered your best steaks but the T-bone was more like a L bone since it was ALL NY strip. The manager said that was normal. WHY CALL IT a T? Our server did not ONCE stop by other then to get our order which was dropped off my someone else, missing a beer, side, and salad. We flagged the poorly dressed manager to get our missing items. We attempted to tell him about the lack of waitress but he ended up servering us ourselves. We asked to order the volcano but after 10 mins the waitress came out and side it was too frozen to serve refused to bring offer the desert menu to order another. 
The whole place seemed unorganized.Will not RETURN ever to this South Philly location.
Please tell us what we could have done to improve your visit. 
Train the bus boys to do their jobs so we won't be forced to sit by the bathroom on a slow night in an empty resturant. Terminate our server or have the manager learn how to correct issues better. If it's not a Tbone steak don't serve us a NY Strip steak with a bone attached and call it a Tbone. If the manager sees the issue he should have fixed it.The only good thing about this restaurant is the steak. Everything else horrible. Our server was friendly and attentive. The plates for the appetizers were dirty, we asked for cleaner one and it looks as if they gave use the same plates. The appetizers come within a good time but our main course took a long time. Also we ordered drinks to go along with our meal I had the margarita and my husband had a glass of Merlot. The nagar it's was syrupy sweet with no alcohol and the merlot was bitter. The only reason we tried this restaurant my husband had a gift card. Needless to say this will be the only time I'll ever eat there.We went for lunch. Prime rib sandwich was out of this world! The wild west shrimp were awesome too! Our service was kinda slow though. I'd go back for sure just maybe to a different location.I had a friend who had wanted to go to Longhorn because of the closeness to the commute home. We stopped in and we're quickly seated. The waitress was awesome. That is about were the good review stops. We ordered the parmesan crusted asparagus which was okay but lacking a bit of flavor. The French onion soup followed suit. We both ordered a cesar salad and felt like we were eating a Dole bagged salad out of the local grocery store. The parmesan crusted chicken was moist but again lacked any true flavor and parts of the parmesan was over cooked so it held a burnt taste. The Pork chops that I ordered were a bit dry and again had zero flavor. The Mac and cheese was delicious and is the real reason I am giving the 2 stars.My girlfriend and I came here on a Thursday around 6 which turned out to be a perfect time to come since there was no line and we were sat immediately. We were greeted by a very nice host to a booth towards the front of the house. This proved to be a good spot to sit as it was pretty out of the way of the servers. 
We ordered the spinach dip and texas tonions as starters. Both were really good, the spinach dip was a nice creamy hot dip with chips to dip with. The tonions could have been more flavorful but we dipped them in the spinach dip which helped alot. For dinner I ordered the Flo's Filet with broccoli and mashed potatoes and my partner ordered the tilapia with mango salsa and broccoli and a sweet potato. The filet was ordered medium and it was absolutely amazing. It practically melted in my mouth! The seasoning was spot on and it went well with the creamy potatoes. The broccoli for both of us was cooked nicely. My partners tilapia was also cooked perfectly and the mango salsa went very well with it. Her sweet potato was also a great addition as it was soft and sweet with the cinnamon sugar added. 
Our server Michelle was very polite and helpful and even remembered the lemon I asked for for my water! 
Overall this experience was fantastic and the staff seemed well put together and friendly, complimenting the amazing dinner we had there. We will definitely be back for more!!Good steaks nice place..
My food was good but my husband's food was cold and then manager didn't hesitate to replace it...
And he also took it off our billThis steakhouse is conveniently located near many stores such as ikea Walmart target and many more. There's really not that many options for steakhouse in the area, so I guess that's why every time I come here it's pretty packed. The food is ok I guess depending on what you order. Service can be a little slow during peak times but the servers here are nice. However the hostess never smiles tho. Since I live near by, I would come again.Not the best steakhouse I've ever been to but they did cook the food right here so they deserve a star.  The staff was not very attentive and the meal came out all together even though they were instructed to bring out the appetizers first.  Also my refill for my meal came at the end when we got our check (not sure how that made sense bc my meal was over by then).  I also initially wanted the prime rib as my main course but they ran out of it.  It was worth a try but I won't be returning to long horn in the future, there are plenty of other steakhouses that have better quality meats and way better service.Steak was dry, bread was good.  Wrong tip info. Good service.
1. Ordered a ripeye medium - it came out charcoal black and was dry around the sides - so it was well done or beyond. Server was nice and offered a replacement.
2. Tips were miscalculated.
3. The bread and butter they provide before the meals were quite good.I went to Longhorn with my boyfriend and his parents after a long day of moving to a new apartment and shopping.  We were seated at a table right by the kitchen (I hate this, so it probably brought my review down one additional star just because, although I realize someone needs to sit at these tables).  Our waitress was pleasant but slower than molasses, and it took forever for our drinks to come, and salads were served with no silverware on the table.  Silverware came 5 minutes later, and one set had a dirty napkin.  We were only two minutes into eating our salads when two entrees were brought out, followed by two more a few minutes later, followed by our waitress coming up to apologize they were brought out so quickly and asking us if we wanted to send them back to the kitchen.  
The food itself was good - the steaks were cooked just as we asked them, and they have a nice choice of sides.  I got the 7 oz filet cooked just to my liking, and it had a great flavor.  My boyfriend got the NY Strip Steak with a sweet potato (which he didn't love due to the "stringy texture").  It's nice that you get a salad and a side with the meal, and there is more than enough food.
Overall, had it not been for the service, Longhorn would have gotten a much better review.  All of the servers were more concerned with their personal dramas (we were in the middle of a tiff between two of the servers, complete with yelling), and everyone was generally distracted.  The Manager was visible; however, he spent half our meal standing behind us (by the kitchen), barking into his earpiece about who was supposed to be cleaning what table and "Where is Omar?!"  He did come around to all of the tables to introduce himself after the meal. 
I would bring Longhorn in under Outback for sure, but the food here was definitely a pleasant surprise.If I could give negative stars I would.  I never even made it to a dining table because the manager was so rude and condescending I felt uncomfortable being in the building.  I cannot believe a restaurant has someone like him employed there. He would be better off applying his miserable, inhospitable attitude at the PPA.Yes, yes, yes, there are soooooo many better places to dine in the city. However, people from the 'burbs tend to think chains are oh-so-good, which is how I landed myself at LongHorn. Service is not great if they're busy and the food...well, it leaves much to be desired.
However, if you must eat here, stick to the basics. I got a steak and asparagus and it was decent. The steak wasn't very flavorful, but it was tender. I tried to get plain carrots instead of having them glazed with sugar and butter, but apparently they are "pre-packaged." Ick. 
LongHorn is just what you'd expect - and nothing more.We've been sitting here since about 6 and I haven't gotten my dinner yet. And it's 7:25. I don't know what going on but my server has been apologizing profusely. She's brought out tons of bread but I'm here with my kids and they want their food! One my kids is ready to go she doesn't even want to eat anymore.1/2*   only, or less.  Fare-f'ing-well to Dale & Longhorn on Delaware Ave/Columbus Blvd.
In Descending order of yuck and poor service.    1.  Found hair under rice halfway through meal - yes, hairnets can't stop every hair, still it's beyond gross.  (Server when he saw, did take it off the bill.....that's what moved the review up to a half star).  
2.  No longer have any happy hour food or drink specials; "Somebody in Orlando made the decision" said a diff. server.   3.  Never recv'd the water that was asked for.   4.  We had drinks but no coasters to put under them, so table kept getting wet spots (ugh)
5.  Prices have been raised significantly, many dollars more for a steak that didn't improve in quality to match the new price.
6.   Miller's Ale House is now open; right next to this Longhorn ------ so they have good rep, we'll try them to see if that's where we trade our $$$ for better quality.This place can not possibly be compared to Outback, Longhorn is terrific! Their entrees are consistently on point. Anything you get will most likely be delicious. I haven't tried their Sweet Tea though but I will definitely give it a try next time.
Edit December '07: I made a mistake and reviewed the wrong location, I actually reviewed the one in NE Philly which was good but this place is the pits the food and service were horrible. I sincerely hope that the one in the NE hasn't changed.Never coming again....
I tried to give Longhorn's another chance, it is my husband's favorite restaurant.  The server was lackadaisical and unfriendly.  But the worst part was when my husband's food came out he had to wait another 15 minutes for his side.  Really....15 minutes, I ordered it together why doesn't it come together.  When I told the.waitress, her response was ; oh, it's in the back, they cook it separately.  Of course they do but why wasn't it on my plate!!  I can't with Longhorn's.I have been to the Longhorn Steakhouse several times since it opened, and it looks like this place is on a downward trend again. When it first opened its doors, the food was "meh", and the service was spotty. Then in 2007, things started to pick up: service improved, meals tasted better, menu offered more healthy options, etc.
Unfortunately, the last "good" meal I've had there was back on my birthday two years ago. It seems this place can't seem to hold on to its staff, as every time I've gone here, there's a completely new crew. That doesn't say much about the establishment as a whole, but let's move on.
I took my parents to dinner here to celebrate their 47th anniversary. First issue: We walked in to find a group of people sitting in the waiting area, and three employees standing idly by the hostess's station, gabbing and gossiping and generally fooling around (I'm including the hostess in this equation, mind you). Then the hostess wandered off to the bar (?) to fetch menus, while the two guys left behind continued to horse around and act like they were the only people in the restaurant. When the hostess finally sashayed back to us, she didn't welcome us or even smile; she just glanced over us and said, "How many people?". When I responded, "Three", she said, "It'll be 10 minutes," then handed my dad one of those black buzzers. So we sat down in the waiting area, where the disgruntled would-be diners had been seated for some time (the middle-aged couple across from me were very descriptive on the amount of time they spent waiting). 
Second issue: At the moment we walked in, precisely two tables were occupied in the entire restaurant. Can you please explain why would we need to wait 10 minutes when you can easily sit us at any of the 50+ tables/booths? Are they under quarantine for MRSA? Too dirty? Not enough staff on hand to serve more than two tables at a time? Excuse me, let me rephrase that question: Not enough *competent* staff on hand to serve more than two tables at a time? 
Third issue: After about 10 minutes, the buzzer went off, and my dad went up to the hostess to turn it in. The hostess was deeply engrossed in whatever intimate conversation she was having with one of the busboys, who STILL was not doing any work whatsoever. My dad stood there for over a minute before she finally noticed him, took his buzzer, and then s-l-o-w-l-y gathered the menus for us and led us to our table. I made sure to give the busboy my best disapproving glare as we walked past him (he turned away from me after two seconds. Punk).
The hostess redeemed herself slightly by apologizing for the wait (I guess she must have seen the thundercloud expression on my face and thought, "Oh shit, I'm about to get fired, I better be nice to these people") and told us "Jasmine" would be our server. 
Fourth issue: It took Jasmine over 10 minutes to get our drinks, then another ten to give us our bread, and another ten for our appetizers/meals. I then realized why: she was one of only two servers in the entire place. Why? Hell if I know, but I will give her some points for being pleasant and having a working knowledge of the menu.
Fifth issue: the food. The Oktoberfest pretzel/breadsticks were good, but the garden salad I ordered only had iceberg lettuce with some sad shredded cheese bits and diced tomatoes thrown in. Bland to the max. My parents seemed to enjoy their meals though: my dad ordered the trout with steamed veggies and a baked potato as his sides, and my mom ordered steak with mashed potatoes and crispy onion strings. Neither of them finished their meals, which is understandable; they're not huge eaters. I ordered the 7 oz. filet of salmon (from the "Flavorful under 500" portion of the menu) with a side of steamed green beans. The presentation of my meal was poor: a lump of salmon pushed to the extreme edge of the plate, while a tiny cluster of overly-steamed green beans hung limply on the opposite side. Clearly, the chefs in the kitchen are not pleased with their paychecks and are taking out their frustrations on innocent patrons.
Sixth issue: Three people from the kitchen had to help Jasmine serve us our entrees. I don't know if this was due to her inability to carry three plates (she was a tiny person), or if she was in the weeds trying to serve too many tables. Annoying in general.
Seventh issue: After we paid, we passed by the hostess's station, and it was empty. No parting smile, no cheery farewells and a "come back soon!", nothing. I guess the hostess was too busy making time with Casanova (aka the busboy).
The one thing that went off without a hitch was the check; I had printed out a coupon for $4 off any adult entree and handed it to Jasmine, and she correctly applied it to our tab. We gave her a decent tip.
Am I being too nit-picky for a chain restaurant? Perhaps, but common courtesy and attention to detail are key elements in how dining establishments work.One of the worst experiences I've had. We had a rather large group, but that's no excuse for poor service and ignorance.  Our waiter was okay, but the manager was terrible.  Cold food, missing orders . . . I will not be back here.  They only get one star from me because you have to give at least one.  Where's the no star button?Standard steakhouse chain, I'd say.  I had a gift card, so I figured why not give it a try.
On a saturday evening, got seated immediately, and the server gave pretty decent service.  I got a filet, and I'd say it was up to par with steakhouse chain quality (cooked as much as I'd like, and tastey); got the mashed potato side, and they were actually very good (it's hard to mess up mashed potatoes, but they got a good butter & garlic thing going on).
I certainly enjoyed my meal, and it was only about $50 for two with drinks (which I figure is about average).  Given that there are probably easier places to get to in the city, I probably won't come back here, but if you've got reason to be in the area (or a gift certificate), it's worth a trip.A decent chain steak house experience.
Stopped in with the family on saturday afternoon and it was good.
We were earlier in the day and we were able to get lunch sized portions which was a good value.   
My steak was cooked correctly and that is a bonus when you deal with chains!
The only issue I'd have to say and I can clearly see i'm not the only one is the waitress.
It was like her first day or something as she clearly could not get it right.   Is it really that hard for good service for a lunch at a chain steakhouse?
Apparently it is.Well, besides the homeless lady sleeping on the bench out front and the awful "old bar Restraunt smell" that hits you right when you walk in the door, the foods always great.  I've been coming here since they opened. This awful old bar/Resturant smell has to go.  PLEASE.Very crowded during the weekends with waiting time up to 35 mins. That said the food is great, the service is ok. You must try the crusted parmesan chicken. It is delicious. I honestly don't know why the ratings are low for this location. We go there twice a month and we never had a bad experience.I'm usually very happy after I leave longhorn is the past but this experience was not that. Food took a very long to come out and the portion seem smaller than normal. I didn't received bread like usual with my meal, just everything was off. Will not go back to this location.First - let me state I do enjoy this place - friendly staff and good food. 
My issue has to do with the last few times we have gone, my steak has been overcooked. Don't get me wrong, they fix it right away and are always on top of it - but the process of sending it back means others are done and i'm waiting on my food to come back. 
The bread is awesome, solid menu, decent price point for a steakhouse.This once typical chain restaurant has slid so far down the scale in its steak quality that it should be renamed to something other than a steakhouse.  As a result of dive's like Longhorne and Sullivan's, America is evolving into a country where unless you go to a high end place at $125 a plate there's no point in even going outFood is always great at Longhorn. This restaurant needs a culture change, however. Service is not good. Waiters are just doing their job and the hostess wishes she was somewhere else....or so it appears. I travel every other week across US and this is the only location where the atmosphere feels "unhappy" if you will.I ate there with three people and we tried each others food and each meal was terrific :) and the drink were nice and strong!I took my dad here to eat and I regret it. My experience was bad. We sat at the bar because there was a 40 minute wait to be seated at a table/booth. We ordered the Longhorn Sampler and the grilled chicken tortilla soup for appetizers and a watermelon margarita and a perfect margarita. The waitress bought us out or waters and complementary bread with butter then took our orders for the main course. For the entree we ordered the Porterhouse for two with two salads and a loaded baked potato and mashed potato for sides. The entrees came out pretty fast but we still hadn't received our drinks yet. While eating our appetizers another group of people came and sat at the bar. They ordered their drinks and got them right away. So we ended up asking another waitress to make our drinks and our original waitress didn't even apologize for forgetting about us. Our salads from our main course also came out super early before we were even finished our appetizers. Mind you we sat at the bar which equals no room for a lot of dishes. By the time we were almost done eating the sampler appetizer we finally got out margaritas. And it was definitely not worth the wait. We thought we accidentally ordered virgin margaritas. I asked the waitress about it and she told me my margarita tasted like that because it was mixed with tequila as well as vodka and some watermelon flavoring and that's why it was so sweet so I asked well why did my dad's margarita taste the same. She didn't seem to have an answer.  She told me the only thing she could do for me was to give me a shot on the side. Our entree came out. The steak and the sauce was pretty good, but that's about it. By the time we finished our main course we had a crowded table top and left over syrupy margaritas. Thanks longhorn for the experience.What used to be a reliable although chain steakhouse has descended into cafeteria grade. Perhaps I was just unlucky that my strawberry salad had grapes on it. Perhaps  their customers love a gristly steak riddled with tendons & fatty deposits. If this was korean short ribs it could be great. But when its a filet, shouldn't it be a filet? I recognize that my literal interpretation of the menu have served me poorly in this instance. At least I could slide around the restroom from the urinal explosion.This restaurant was really, really ok. Everything was very average except the waiter. He was very blah about everything. We went in early, about 4:30, but our food didn't come out until after 5:00. We didn't get bread until we asked, and it seemed like we were an inconvenience every time we asked for something. The only way I would come back is if I was given another gift card (which was why we were here in the first place).I guess it was time for a reminder not to eat at chain restaurants like this. They can ruin a good night. 
My pregnant sister asked for her steak well done and it came out bleeding. The sweet potato tater tots tasted like candy. Just downright horrible.This weekend I went to Longhorn the T-bone steak was Amazing. It was seasoned and SUPER tender. I have been missing it all week. My friend ordered the Prime Rib and that was not completely satisfied initially. There was a super amazing manager named Mike Green who made sure we left happy. It is rare I leave somewhere with and issue with food and have it handled so well you are making a point to come back. This location is also no where near where I live.Run....Run like the wind.... 
Enter at your own risk.,..
Ok, if the above was not enough to deter you from wasting your hard earned money at this poorly run franchise, submitted for your consideration is this account of my experience in the Longhorn Zone.
This has to be the poorest run Longhorn franchise in the country. The service was horrid, we literally had to wave our hands back and forth to get server's attention who was far too busy chatting with her friends, coworkers, going out for a smoke, then to actually serve our table. I asked for a soda and she went out to a cigarette before getting it!!! What server does that????  I really thought I was on the revival of Punked.
The food was also way off par from other Longhorns I have been to (which is saying something when most are 3 to 4 stars at best). I ordered my Ribeye med rare and I received it well done, and tough as shoe leather. When i pointed out that it was well done the server looked at it and said "well they cant un-cook it" and went off for another smoke. I would of called the manager over but my I was so frustrated I just waved my hand like I was landing a plane to get the server to give me a check so I could just leave and never return. It is the first time I ever left a tip of $0.00, even when the service is lousy I usually leave 5%, but this was beyond lousy, it is a new tier of poor service that I will now call The Longhorn Zone.bad service.
came in with my gf.  we walked in and were seated right by the front door
FAIL # 1
we relocated and were greeted by Rube who took our order....
there was a round blonde women following her around.. we'll refer to her as Cheese Wiz....   As Rube walks away, Cheese Wiz snaps, "they're sharing?"
FAIL # 2
what is the big deal?  yes we're sharing... sharing an appetizer, entree AND a fucking dessert.  and we would've drank too if we felt more comfortable.
salad comes soaked in dressing
FAIL # 3
somebody behind me farted
FAIL # 4
my gf drank all of her water... 5mins later Cheese Wiz notices.. another 5m Cheese Wiz says that she JUST had it in her hand but doesn't remember where it was.. 5mins later water came.
FAIL # 5
Wiz barges into our faces to see if we want ANYTHING else and if we want to look at a dessert menu.... guess what? we were looking at the dessert menu while she was doing this
FAIL # 6
cheesecake says it comes with strawberrIES... not even a whole strawberry could be found... not even half
FAIL # 7
the previous time we came, we had a good experience... a wonderfully professional/cordial slender blonde lady was our server.   today, we saw her and were sad that we had Reuben and Cheese Wiz.
mediocre food and bad service.
the endFood is fantastic... love kicking it with Gina the wonderful  bartender.....The salmon and the rib eye my favorites ... yummmmMy first time at this restaurant on a Tuesday evening. The service was exceptional. The hostess seated us immediately. Our server was friendly and courteous. I was surprised by the option of what order we wanted our food served. The pecan and strawberry salad is delicious! ( more pecan pieces would have been nice) Wild West spicy shrimp (?) were those tiny shrimp in a basket type. I was surprised by that. Mixed in the shrimp were pieces of hot peppers, not very hot. The sauce was tasty and the shrimp were good and you do get a lot. Be sure to get the corn fritters. So very good and also served with a sauce. We only got appetizers because we were pressed for time. I would go back again.I don't know why this place has so many bad reviews, but I loved this place! This place has me craving steak, and I never really liked steak! The steak I had was cooked perfectly and even better than this other high end steakhouse I have been to! (DEvon in Rittenhouse) I ordered the Flo's steak combo. My friend's ribeye steak was even better. The fat on that steak was delicious. I would go back there. The prices are great too. The service is great.I like this steak house very nice and clean
The services is amazing fast  and the food taste really good I went there with my wife.
I am going again soon.I had been craving some major meat being an extremely carnivorous creature, and we came upon this place unexpectedly, never had been there, so why not. The decor was as expected with a name like that, loved the beast head above the bar. Steak was juicy and delicious, just like me. The strawberry margarita was good, lil too much sour mix, just like my last marriage, but it is a chain....OH! Loaded baked potato is marvelous, who doesn't love a good bake. Im baked right now! But atleast you know im honest, because I have the munchies and I would totally go to Longhorne if it were not 2am. Anywho, I recommend it absolutely, dates, family, friends...good place.I went to this location despite the bad reviews for my grandmothers birthday. From the time we step foot in the door it was like a horror movie. The staff was rude. We complained several times about the dirty utensils and when I finally spoke to the manager he apologized but couldn't really say much. I can't believe this restaurant is still in business. I hope the change they way they do things or they will be out of business. I'm disgusted with my experience. I had to apologize to my grandmother for even bringing her there!!!Ever since they remodelled, it seems like the quality of their food has gone down considerably.  
The cook(s) seem to just not give a damn about the quality of food they're sending out.  Well done is either burnt, or not cooked long enough.  My fiancee ordered medium well, the cook burned one side, and just fliped the steak over, hoping no one would notice. 
Out of loyalty to the way it used to be, we've gone back on at least three occaisions.  EVERY time, food had to be sent back, and my family didn't get to eat together.
I wish it was good, like it was...
5/2013
I've still been coming to this location, and I must say that they've been constantly improving, and I will be going again...First visit and the food and service was beyond what I expected. We were a party of 8 so it did take a while to be seated though. The service was great and everything was cooked &perfectly. Highlight of the meal: lobster Mac and cheese! 
         The staff even sang happy birthday to my sister and gave her a free ice cream sundae!I'm just giving this one star because it would not accept my review if I didn't give it any stars, which is what it deserves. I've consistently had problems with this restaurant. I like to give a second chance here and there but, I will not be returning. One time, I asked for my steak done medium. It came out completely raw. The salad had no dressing. The baked potato was as hard as a rock. LOUSY! CONSISTENTLY LOUSY!  The last time I was there, I told the manager I would have been better off going to McDonald's.My husband and I had dinner here last night.  We walked in at about 4:55 PM so there was NO crowd yet at all.  Our server Morgan was friendly and EXCELLENZT.
The food was better than I expected.  I am not a chain restaurant person, so I expected the worst.  The food was actually pretty good. 3 stars.
I had the "special" summer salad which had strawberries, grapes, mandarin oranges and pecans in it.  It was like dessert!   
My ribeye was overly salty - which was a shame as it was grilled PERFECTLY.  Next time (if there is a next time - I am in no hurry to rush back here) tell them "No prairie dust" - the salt seasoning they put all over the steak.
I also has a sweet potato (minus the cinnamon sugar topping they usually put on it) which was great - but it's pretty hard to mess up a plain, baked sweet potato.
Prices were high for a chain - but low for a steakhouse.  It ain't the Palm - but it's OK.
3 stars.
OK.
Not nearly as bad as it coulda been.Boris C. & I shared the salmon w/rice and the rainbow trout w/shrimp, lobster, and corn. These came with a salad and side. We also ordered a strawberry margarita. The whole wheat bread they serve as an appetizer is surprisingly really good. The main courses we got were both surprisingly good. But I did come in with low expectations. The margarita was not great though as it tasted mostly of sugar. 
Overall, it was yummy but nothing special. Don't plan on coming back.I came here with my boyfriend because I was very hangry and this place looked promising. Upon arrival, there was no one at the host stand and we were waiting quite a bit to be seated. Upon seating, our server didn't get to us until around 5-7 minutes after sitting and looking at the menu. We took the advantage to order when we ordered drinks because it was going to take a while for our server to come back. We got our appetizers, but we didn't get any bread (complementary) which you usually are supposed to get. Every table but ours had bread. And we were thinking, "maybe it's because we're Asian." I did want the bread because the bread is usually pretty decent. 
Anyways, we got our appetizers in a timely manner. We ordered chili cheese fries (which were pretty decent, a little soggy) and sweet and spicy chicken. The sweet and spicy chicken was OVERLY sweet. There was little to no spice (for someone who can't even eat a drop of spicy, I was able to eat it no problem). 
Getting the main dish, I ordered a chicken and avocado sandwich and my boyfriend ordered the longhorn burger cooked medium rare. He didn't even eat it because it took so long to come out and he drank ~3-4 cups of water. I ate half of my chicken and avocado sandwich. I think there was too much cheese on it. It was literally DROWNING in cheese. I had to pick it off and the amount on there was as high as the sandwich. The lettuce on it was a little wilted, and the bread of the sandwich is very very soggy.
I don't think I'll come back any time soon, if I do- it'll be for the Parmesan garlic fries!! 
Things they need to work on: being attentive. I felt like I wasn't welcomed as much in this establishment. 
Maybe the next time I come in, things will be different.The service was great my server Ashley was AMAZING, her customer service skills were all that she brought out refills without us having to ask . The food was good and the wait wasn't long at allJust horrible
1. It smelled like pee in there.
2. Seats were dirty
3. Waiter had great personally, but service was bad.
4. My sweet potatoes and mac and cheese was dry.
5. Waiters/waitresses kept bumping my chair when they walked passed, but didn't say excuse me.
6. Would not go back to this location.There is nothing special About this place, the food is just ok, I feel like it's just an over priced applebees, and always have to send my steak back for being pinkWas here 2 weeks ago, third time here.  Each time it gets worse. Gave it a few chances, now we are done. On second visit server said salad was extra, we didn't argue just declined it , we knew it should have been included. Last time we were here steaks were way over cooked , no sour cream with potatoes and we did ask for it when ordering, bread came out after our entree, server never asked if we wanted a second drink.   Overall very dissatisfiedThe service was mediocre  and the place wasn't clean. I filled a container with water from my salad.  Smh. My entree was good though.My coworkers and I went there last night and it was the worst time I have ever experienced. First we waited 30 minutes before we were approached by a waiter. And that was only after we approached a server. The food took another hour to come out and it was overlooked. We all sent out food back. The manager did come out and apologize and comped out food and drinks.I really love LongHorn. The bread is the best they are always friendly and will change anything on the bill with no problems. The steak and lobster are amazing I get that every timeI just want to say that I have been at this location numerous times and have never had a bad experience. Yes, there were times that we went and had to wait a bit when they were short-handed, but it was never excessive. In my opinion, the food has always been delicious. I'm a diehard steak and potatoes man and have always been satisfied. My wife and I were there just a few weeks ago and the manager even stopped by our table to check on us. As long as they keep me happy, I will definitely come back for more.My boyfriend brought me  here for the first time  to start off my birthday celebration. We were seated fairly quick. Our waitress was very nice. Everything was going smooth UNTIL my entrée was brought to me on a filthy plate. I had the grilled chicken with spinach and feta cheese. Why were there broccoli bits on my plate?! I had it sent back immediately. That was a complete turn off! I won't be returning to that location.When place is crowded, don't assume because hostess takes your name & you go wait in the bar - that she'll remember that you really wanted to sit at a table and eat.  Waitress Jessie was great -------- shame she didn't train the hostess tonight.  Sirloin was good, after the 40 minute wait and seeing people who came in after you get seated because  hostess forgot youThis is a great restaurant (very similar to Outback).
Sometimes I come here just for their Sweet Iced Tea and Fried Cheesecake dessert. If you go, try to get one of those two things. 
They have a Texas Funion (like a bloomin' onion) and loaded cheese fries for appetizers, they also have side dishes like candied apples and sweet potato with cinnamon and butter just like Outback. But I think Longhorn has lots more in terms of entrees. Their sirloin steak salad is amazing ($11.99) and comes with blue cheese crumbles. And I know it's pedestrian, but their chicken fingers are awesome and not covered in fried fryness.
HINT: I had one bad experience here last night because they were understaffed. But I told the manager I was so shocked because this place was always so good, he knew he wanted to keep me as a customer and gave us (5 people party) our whole dinner free.Come here about 6-7 times per year.  So when we didn't get the customary warm bread and butter, we asked the waiter if we were supposed to get bread.  He stated, "As I have told everyone else, bread is upon request only because we waste a lot of bread."  To that response I said ok, weren't aware of that change so we would like some bread please.  The bread never came.  As we watched the other wait staff attend tables, we noticed that all the tables were getting bread, and, they weren't having to "request" it.  When I ordered my usual entree, I was told "ok that comes with broccoli," even though the menu clearly says it comes with a "choice of side."
Overall, I won't hold this against Longhorn in general, but I most likely will not frequent this specific Longhorn going forward.Oh, I really hate to give such a bad review esp when I had a good experience during an event that took place here, but it was a complete 360. The wait throughout the whole time was just Loooong (from the moment we stepped foot into the door till when we got our check). The food and the service was not good at all. I don't want to say too much bad about the service because I did notice another table really taking all of her attention away, and she was very appologetic, but it still doesn't excuse her from not giving any attention to any of her other tables.
Husband and I ordered an appetizer, 2 meals, and a kids meal. He also ordered a martini (which was a complete waste in my opinion...only half filled! It took him two sips and it was done. What a shame!) Anyway, the lobster and shrimp dip was not good at all. The cheese that was put into the dish did not compliment it. It also seemed like it was sitting in the back awhile bc the cheese and grease separated from one another.
I ordered flat iron steak with a stuffed portebella mushroom. Although it was decent at first, upon getting the the last quarter of the steak, it tasted as if that portion of the steal went bad! Is it possible to have half a steak be ok and the other half gone completely wrong? And, to make things worse, I upgraded my side to one of the signature sides. I ordered the potato and leek au gratin. It came out in a chaffing dish, but not even half full. It was less than a quarter to be exact. I wish I took a picture to show everyone how there was nothing in my dish. I basically just ate crust and no potato. Horrible!
I know it's a chain restaurant and all, so I shouldn't have expected such high expectation (which I didn't really) but this was just bad! I will not be going back and I do no recommend it to others either.We had some gift cards so gave this place a shot.  In summary: Don't do it.
Service was very poor, although friendly, we had the manager waiting on us the majority of the time because our actual server wasn't very good.  It took us over an hour to get our meals, and we never got the complimentary bread that everyone else got, though that wasn't nearly the worst part.  The steaks were horrible.  We both ordered ribeye, and both cuts of meat were just terrible, very tough, mine was a little overcooked (wanted med-rare).  
The manager was great, he worked hard to pickup the slack of his server, and removed the steaks from the bill despite us requesting him to leave them on, but the server was poor, and the food was worse, and ultimately that's why you go to a restaurant, so for that reason I can't recommend this place whatsoever.I really like this location. I've been coming here for years, and Gina the bartender does an excellent job. The food is always very presentable, and their menu is always changing, so there is always something new to tryWent on a Monday night and asked for a table for 2 at the hostess stand. She said the wait was 20 minutes when there were at least 10 visibly open tables. We sat down anyway and the service sucked. Just getting two glasses of water took an additional 15 minutes. Did not enjoy food and spent most of the time picking at the warm bread.The food here stinks!! My filet mignon and crab cake were inedible....too much pepper on the filet and the crab cake was salty.  Appetizer was just some mushroom caps with melted cheese.  Service was subpar, we weren't given any water and we weren't asked if we would like coffee or tea with dessert.  The table next to us had a family with screaming kids.  I had a headache when I left.  I'm done with Longhorn.Longhorn is your average chain restaurant. The steak is always good but we never have consistent service at this location. We always wait for drinks and bread. This time both my daughter and another adult had their steaks cooked completely wrong. So by the time their steaks came out everyone else was done eating. It's just annoying because you just never know what to expect here. Blooming forward to the Miller's Ale house opening next door.Lively atmosphere. My overall feeling when I left was,  I kinda felt cheated. I mean the steak was good but I couldn't help but feel I could have done just as well at home. Sparse for the money. Basic baked potato with a steak and bread and basic salad. Bread was good, super hungry waiting. Drinks are pricey but  I do not believe any alcohol was in them. Made me reminisce about the old Sizzlers restaurant. Aaah those were the days!On a nice Saturday day we decided to grab a bite.  This was our first visit and my husband requested a table for two.  The lady stated that the wait was 45 minutes to an hour and my husband was like "What do you mean, it's empty".   She stated that they didn't have enough people on staff to serve.  So we went to the bar and the bar attendant was amazingly attentive and how she managed the bar and tables is beyond me but she is GOOD.  She handled us all like Wonder Women!!!  GOD BLESS HER!!!  PS:  the food and drinks were goodMy fiancé went here one night because I was craving steak but wanted something casual. I didn't have high expectations because it's chain but we loved it! I mean, it's not Morton's but it was cheap and good and the service and atmosphere was beyond expectations! What a nice little gem! We got a special that was an app, two salads, and two entrees for like $35. Our whole bill with tip was cheaper than what we pay for Italian or Thai takeout. We'll definitely be back!This place really dissappointed me. We came here bc we had a giftcard for $25 and a free appetizer. Even with that, it was not worth it! Service was slow and the food was not even close to being good.
Lobster and shrimp dip - The flavor was not there at all. Although it had some decent amounts of shrimp, the shrimp was tiny. The lobster, however, was not there at all. You could see some color of red from lobster, but I couldn't taste any. And this dish was so greasy.
Martini with blue cheese stuffed olives - This drink took forever to come out bc no one knew how to ring it up (according to our server). It's on the menu!!!! But because we ordered it non HH time, it all of a sudden becomes a big deal to try and figure out pricing for it?! Well, my drink came out and only half the glass was full. Where's the rest of my drink? I know martinis in general are hard to carry, but that doesn't mean you jip me from my liquor! And the olives were extremely hard and bluecheese just didn't taste right.
Sirloin & grilled shrimp - The only thing good on this dish was the shrimp and rice. The steak was hard and chewy. For being a steak place, the steak should have been better than the shrimp!
I took my son out of the restaurant while my wife tried to pay. I had to text her 20 minutes later wondering where she was at. That's how slow service is here!
Overall: Save your money and your time. This place is not worth it. Go elsewhere!My steak came out not fully cooked :-( major no no, then they brought me out another steak over cooked yuck! service was good the food was horribleIn fairness, there was a sign posted over the wet floor that the floor may be wet. 
As well, I was contacted by a manager who wanted to address my concerns. He did not make attributions about what went wrong, or say that yes we should have received a filet instead of a smaller grisly segmented gut. He was gracious for the feedback though and shared that it would be addressed internally.Service was fast and accurate. I asked for no cheese and dressing on the side for my salad and that's how it came out. Our entrees were cooked as we ordered and tasted great.Service is poorly lacking!  The place wasn't even crowded and it took way too long for the food to come out. No one came to table to check if we needed anything. I wanted to order a second drink but I had to walk to the bar to ask for it. The waitress came to tell me it would be there shortly but by the time we finished our meal it had still not arrived. I cancelled the drink and she was barely affected ....no apology... just an okay!I would give this place a zero star if I could but I can't. The Burger I ordered turned out to be a cheese steak and my girlfriends shrimp were drenched with bbq sauce when the picture showed only a little bit. The top of line sirloin they offer was bland and needed more seasoning. Overall not masterchef level.I was here for my baby sister's birthday dinner with family, the food first off was Great!! Loved it as usual, complements to the chef, but I'm rating this as a 2 star because of the wait. We didn't get water to the table until 5 mins in, and we waited to get our orders, utensils and have to repeat ourselves multiple times for little things that should be notice.The waitress was nice. I order a medium steak they made it medium rare. I had to send it back to be remade.30 minute wait to begin with because the kitchen was supposedly backed up. Then was told we couldn't have plates and utensils for our bread and appetizers because it's being washed. The food was cold and needs to be check by management before being distributed. Overall this was a very bad experience for my family.I love coming to Longhorn, the food and drink are always good. Spacious and great atmosphere. The service was great as well. I recommend that you get the Parmesan Crusted Chicken btw.Where do I even start. This has to be one of the worst experiences I've had at a restaurant!! The waitress had no idea what to do or what was going. 
First we ordered our drinks, appetizer and our children's food. When she brought our drinks she just put them on the table and left. She didn't ask of we wanted to order our dishes, just walked away. Then she brought out our appetizer and kids meals and again just turned arounded and walked away. After another 15 mins she finally comes and asks if we were ready. we ordered and I asked for a cup ice.
Now we have all this plates on our table, drinks are empty,  and she didn't come and check in on us. We had to put some of our used plates on the table next to us. Now it's like 45 mins after my child got their food and our food comes out. Our table is completely filled with used plates. She never brought my ice, no one asked if the could make room for us so we could enjoy our food. We literally had plates stacked up and nothing. 
I asked to speak to the manager and all of a sudden she comes with two drinks we didn't ask for and STILL DIDN'T CLEAN OUR TABLE. I spoke to the manager and said I was appalled that I was expected to eat like that and they could take the steak back. He was vey apologetic and took care of our bill. I will never ever be going back to that location. Dont waste your time!I ordered takeout from here last week. Porterhouse steak w/ mashed potatoes, veggies, and caesar salad. This meal kicked assed!!!! I should of grabbed the girlfriend, and dined in. This was the first time I ate steak without steak sauce, because the steak was so good I didn't need steak sauce. I highly recommend, and it seem to be a very professional, and customer friendly atmosphere. I will definitely repeat.