Damn the pizza is amazing here !!! 
Haven't been in a while and forgot what I was missing ! 
If your in the area and haven't been here ..give your head a smack and walk in and get a slice ! 
You'll love it ! As I do for sure !Lorenzo's makes a cheap ass halfway decent pizza pie. A small is $6 and comes with 8 smallish slices. The crust is crisp, and the cheese level is spot on, the sauce has a good flavor but is a tad sweet and is missing that coagulation with the cheese that in my opinion can only be found in New York... but really though, very worth picking up. I have had far more abysmal slices in this city; this pizza was fully enjoyable.
They serve battered broccoli, which I would be interested in trying on a later date.
They also have the ever so important instructions on where to order in many languages and a pizza making version of Tickle me ElmoThis place is not affiliated with the Lorenzo & Sons place on South Street with the giant slices - I don't know that for a fact, but I'll claim it and base it on Lorenzo's at 9th and Christian having other items besides pizza on their menu, having fairly friendly service, and of course, having regular-sized slices.
Hopeful as I was upon arriving that I might enjoy a slice of giant pizza on that day, it wasn't a big deal. Our two cheesesteaks, side of onion rings, that single slice of plain, and a large drink came to a cool $17, which is one of the lowest prices for such a meal that I've seen anywhere around here. And sure enough, it was pretty good food.
Not the best around, but perfectly acceptable, and easily one of the cheapest. Sometimes that matters more.Best pizza for the price. $1.50 slices and about $10 for a large 1 topping pizza. It's very good pizza, tastes better than you'd expect from what your paying for it. They have an outside window where you can order and a few seats outside for those summer pizza quests when you eat outside.The pizza is ok. We have ordered from here just because it is close, convenient and fast. My boyfriend and i shared a cheesesteak and a chicken cheesesteak the other day and i could not have been more disappointed. Definitely one of the least flavorful cheesesteaks I have had in Philly or anywhere else. Would try their pizza again, but never a cheesesteak.This is probably one of the top 3 WORST pizza slices I have ever eaten. Philly, you do a great cheesesteak...but don't hold this up as great pizza, because it sucks!!!! So much grease, raw dough.....BLECH.  Don't eat this!!!Pizza is a mess. Cheese is good, sauce isn't bad. But the dough is soooooo thick and undercooked, really spongy feel. Not to mention it looks like it was thrown all over the place during delivery. Too many good pizza spots around to put up with this. First and last time for me.Now THIS is the pizza that is the shizza.  Yes, go new word!
This is the first pizza that I think I've had in Philly that has all the elements come together to give me that special....pizza majic?  I'm not sure what it is, but I'm guessing it has to do with well seasoned sauce, a good cheese blend, just the right amount of grease, and delicious crunch on the bottom crust with soft fluffiness at the end.  Within a few bites of my first slice, I knew I was in dangerous territory.  This is the kind of shit where I could put down a whole large pizza by myself.  Trust.  It is wayyyyyyyy hard for me to keep it to one slice here.
I wonder what the rest of the food is like...I so want to find out.Their cheesesteak stromboli was heavenly. I hadn't had one since I was a kid and it was just like I remembered. Props to the owner for being cool with my husband going in there in Mets gear. ;]I love Lorenzo's pizza in the Italian Market. I have been going there for years. When I read some of the negative reviews I was astonished and wondered if some reviewers have confused this Lorenzo's with the Lorenzo's on South Street.  These two Lorenzo's are in no way affiliated to my knowledge. The Lorenzo's on South Street is truly horrendous and is only acceptable if you're really drunk. The customer service is always fine, but they know me by name. If you're expecting really friendly from people who work like dogs day after day in Philly or any big city, good luck.Everytime i went to the Italian Market with parents, they would get roast pork from George's, i would get Sicilian (CENTER SLICE IF POSSIBLE!) from Lorenzo.
Now, I just get both.
The absolute best Sicilian slice in existence. 
This is the real Lorenzo's, not the South Street one. 
The decor reminds me of a classic pizza place, great service, tv always on with sports, pizza chefs and sandwich makers yelling at eachother over the TV. 
It's great.Yuck.  Seriously Below average pizza. . Just 2 bucks/slice but devoid of any taste.  
There is much better pizza in my New York suburban neighborhood.I had a slice of the plain pizza.  $2 for a huge, tasty slice of pizza with chewy crust, fresh sauce, and not too greasy.  Best pizza I've had since I left California.
(This is the second time I went to Lorenzo's.  It's not too far from my girlfriend's family's house, and she took me there for a cheese steak.  Cheese steaks were good too, despite the fact that I'm not a huge fan of cheese steaks in general.)this food is awful.  I think they kneed the pizza on a dirty surface because the dough tastes like a dirty rag smells. my pie was under cooked with way too much cheese on it.  other cases,  extra cheese is great,  but not on this pizza. the cheese was terrible,  a bad blend of mozzarella.... maybe not mozzarella at all.  
I wouldn't recommend anyone to ever order from here.For a neighborhood pizza restaurant where you just want to get a slice, this is the place to go.  They'll throw on any topping you want, instead of limiting you to the topping selection of the pre-cooked pizza you find at most restaurants selling slices.  And the friendly service is always a plus.Lorenzo's is located at the beginning of the Italian Market, and it looks like it. This dingy corner pizza shop looks like nothing special on the outside or the inside. The staff were friendly but rung me up for a large mozzarella sticks, though I plainly ordered a small. The pizza was good and the mozzarella was just ok; it was obviously the frozen kind. Lorenzo's is hit or miss for me.Amazing pizza.  best Lorenzo's in the city.Sometimes in life, a person just needs a slice of pizza.  Other times, a person needs some fries.  When a person wants those food stuffs, they want them good, fresh and hot.  Lorenzo Pizza in the Italian market delivers that.  I suspect, they're geared towards the tourists who like to visit the market offering Philly staples like the cheesesteak, hoagie, and assorted items with broccoli on them. However, the service was good and fast, while the pizza hit the spot.  Some of the best since my last trip to Little Italy in Manhattan.  And crinkle cut fries... you got it!
Also, it's cash only. Otherwise you have to go across the street to the ATM and get a little south Philly stink eye from the otherwise nice old lady working the grocery market where the ATM sits.I tried this place based on good reviews from other yelpers. Those who gave their pizza a good review are right on! The crust is just the right thickness, not so thin that it flops over when you pick up a slice. The crust is perfectly crispy on the outside and doughy on the inside. It has a nice chewiness and flavor to it. The sauce is slightly sweet, but has a hint of authentic Italian spices. They don't skimp on the cheese. It tastes like quality mozzarella, maybe a bit of Romano or asiago in there too. Even though I had to walk a long ways to pick up my pie, I would be happy to make the trip again. Good pie for a good price.Cleanliness not exactly a strong suit and don't be surprised if they go straight from putting money in register to handling your pizza but it must all add to the flavor ....
Very good large sized pizza slices with very reasonable prices ....CARDS: They don't take cards but have an ATM in the front of the shop.
DELIVERY SIDE: Saw near the cash register that delivery is free for take-out. 
There are counters for eating and three group tables but the place is generally crowded together.
When I first came here... I ordered a 
1. Cheesesteak with Pepperonis
2. Regular Fries
3. Cheese Fries
My friends ordered...
1. Chicken Fingers
2, Regular Fries
3. Cheesesteak with Mushrooms
Was told the wait was going to be 10minutes but after checking what time I checked in on Yelp, the wait was 35minutes. I would've left but I was also getting food for someone else.
The cook used his bare hands which was touching meat to grab fries to put into the fryer and then used the same hands to take it out some fries and put it back into the bag... what if I was allergic to meat or onions that you've touched??
This place is unsanitary with the cook not washing his hands or not putting gloves on after touching rare meat.  
Got it for take out. Took it home with my friends and we began to eat.
The meat was dried out that I had to chew it in my mouth for a long period of time and the french fries are clearly not real potatoes and was tasteless. 
---
WHY I BROUGHT IT DOWN -4STARS
-1STAR because the meat was dry.
-1STAR because of touching rare meat and not washing hands.
-1STAR lied about wait time from 10minutes to being 35minutes.
-1STAR fries had no sort of taste or real potato taste.
---
Only good thing about this place was the cashier being very pleasant taking my order.
I rather get my cheesesteak and fries from a food truck next time. Me and my friends will not be back to this place.This is my local pizza joint!  They offer the best go-to neighborhood pizza (spoiled) since I can get a large pie for $12 with toppings.  Can't beat that! 
Don't be fooled by the looks as it is your down and dirty pizza place.  You come here for specific things, not to linger around and figure out what you want.  The staff is friendly and food is always ready in 10-15 minutes.
I normally get the sausage (which is ground sausage not chunks) and mushroom.  The pizza is always fresh and still good the next morning.  Obviously I'm a repeat customer here.  
FYI - They close early so when you have a late night craving you're out of luck.Best pizza hands down so far for the price!!! I mean this placed was accidentally discovered after venturing down to Pat's for a cheese steak that left me rather unfulfilled. 
So the next time anyone is in the mood for pizza, this has to be the number one spot! I couldn't even describe how the pizza taste, but a slice of sausage pizza and large coke came to $3.50!Been here during lunch, super late night snack, and just random times that I want pizza. They have the best cheese slice in Philly, HUGE SLICE!!! Toppings are only available on TuesdaysI just had an amazing pizza cheese steak here.  No cheeze whiz. Some hot peppers.  Real tasty beef.  Almost like some sort of marinade seasoning on the beef.  Excellent. 
Tight for seating.  More of a eat it on the go type place.  Highly recommendedThis place is as good as it gets for Philly pizza. I'm not talking about the wood-fired places and the ones where you can get smoked brussel sprouts on your slice. I mean Philly pizza- the good, cheesy, greasy, filling thing you're truly craving. Don't fight it: it's less than two bucks a slice, it's the cheapest addiction of your life.
They have one of the rarest things in Philly, a good, doughy, chewy-enough crust that still remains relatively thin and easy to fold. It's a perfect balance between the thin and thick crust argument. Their sauce is sweet but still rich and flavorful, and they're the only people in a three-mile radius who seem to be able to put enough cheese on a slice for me. Delish. If pizza's not your thing... well, you should make pizza your thing. But if it's not, they have plenty of other stuff like cheesesteaks (better than any of the tourist traps, better rolls and better meat), chicken fingers and fries, and even a chicken parm sandwich that is quite tasty, with a scoop of the good red sauce over top. 
Their burger is my personal favorite, and it deserves its own paragraph. It's under four bucks for an enormous patty smothered in bacon, cheese, and fried onions. It's filling and has that wonderful griddle taste, considering that it's cooked on the same surface as the onions, bacons and peppers- yum. It's a classic diner-style burger on a sesame-seed roll. It's a no-brainer: get filled up for under eight bucks, enjoy the sports memorabilia and the friendly chat of the guys on the grill, and walk away happy. 
There's one more thing I always tell people when I'm talking about this place, and that's the collection of signs in many languages hung over the grill, all saying "please order and pay at the register." Ha. They've been written by lots of different people from different places, all just there for a sandwich or a slice. Food bringing people together, now that's a South Philly attitude I can get behind.A local told me this was one of their favorite cheesesteak spots, it a ok, nothing special. I should've tried the pizzaI think its the est cheese steak for the money in south/center city area!One of the best places to eat in Philly. The doors is great and the service is very friendly. Sausage and Perra is awesome. 
Also... One of the only RR on 9th street, for customers only nMy second favorite pizza place in Philly behind SOHO, Lorenzo's has great slices, and good cheesesteaks. Their crusts are great, they don't go crazy with the toppings, but between the pepperoni and the sausage, i'm always happy. They also sell dough, one of the hardest parts of making pizza at home is a good dough recipe, and they can make it easy. they ask that you order a day in advance, but if you're just looking for one, and you're nice, you might get lucky.
Good pizza, good steaks, good fries, good people, don't miss Lorenzo Pizza in the market, just be sure to go early, they close at 7 most days, and i think 3 on sundays.Solid pizza and cheesesteak.  If your looking for something easy to grub on for two bucks, the plain slice of pizza is delicious. A must have when your cruising the italian market. Never disappointed when ordering food from the window.  The people there are respectful and don't treat you like a tourist, like some others.My friend and I came here and ordered 2 cheese steaks, no onions. And waited for 30-35 minutes for our food. Other customers were coming and ordering, and getting their food no problem. They, for whatever reason, just didn't make our orders. We went and told them this happened and they said they were "finishing them up" and gave us 2 cheese steaks.. with onions. We told them that and they fixed the problem. But when the employee brought the food out he dropped it on the table with force, and walked away without a word. Food was good, service needs some work.They make pizza the way I like it!
Crispy crust. Less sauce than most in the city. Good cheese. Good spices!
Cheap!The special is two slices and soda for 4 bux. What a deal. could be the best in the city. dollar fifty slices on the menu. the crust is fluffy and the pizza isn't too crispy. It nearly melts in your mouth. The slices aren't huge. And the sauce is a little too sweet for my tastes. otherwise pretty good and i will go back.With prices that will take you right back to 1995 and delicious pizza reminiscent of the kind I grew up on, it's no wonder that I love Lorenzo's. Located in the heart of the Italian Market (and not to be confused with Lorenzo's on South St.), Lorenzo's has my favorite pizza in the whole city. With pizza priced at $1.75 a slice, it is probably the cheapest dinner around. The pizza is pretty much perfect by my standards...not too greasy, not too saucy, not too cheesy, not too doughy, not too crispy. I haven't tried their other food yet, but you can watch the cooks make the cheesesteaks and burgers on the flattop grill and they always look and smell amazing. I also love that you can order at the window for a quick slice to go or have a seat inside. Although there's nothing visually fancy inside, I enjoy looking at the paper signs written in several different languages that are hanging above the grill.
Since I've moved to Philly, I've been fortunate enough to have always lived within a half mile radius of this place. It's super convenient for quick Saturday or Sunday lunches when you spent way too much the night before and are feeling hungover and lazy. I just wish they were open late (or at least later).Summary: They don't have good pizza, and the staff is extremely rude. 
I used to have an infatuation with their Sicilian pie. For a long while, it was the only kind of pizza I ever ate, but after trying some of the local/South Philly pizza joints, I've seen the light.
Lorenzo's, both here and especially on South Street, is tourist pizza. You as might as well go to Pizza Hut if Philadelphia had one. They come up, along with Santucci's, on "best pizza in Philadelphia if you're visiting" lists from local news stations and whatnot. 
They always run out of Sicilian (the only pie worth buying from here), and one time he told me he would make another one when I asked if they would make more (they sit the pizzas out after baking and then put them in the oven to order, which I now realize is probably unsanitary and adds to the low quality of their pies in the first place), so I went down the street and hung out at Anthony's and DiBrunos for a half hour. When I returned, he told me he wouldn't make another one. After this, I stopped coming here and discovered what good pizza actually tastes like.This has been a part of my visits to the Italian market for many years. Good pizza and sandwiches. If your in town for more than a day, don't stop at just the popular cheese steak take out. Walk an extra few blocks and show this spot some love. In my opinion some of the best pizza in Philly. Sandwiches are good too.Food isn't bad, reasonably priced. Lunch for two with drinks and fries came to about $15. 
Bacon cheeseburger was okay. The bacon picked up the other flavors mingling on the grill and it was pretty delicious. They use frozen beef patties though, fresh would make a decent burger great. 
What was amazing was that with orders coming from about three different places at once they keep good track of things.Very good cheese steaks and pizza.  I've tried 9 pizza joints since moving back to Philly and have been fairly unimpressed.  This may be my top pick so far for pizza.Yummmmmyyyyyyyy.  
Lorenzos maybe the only reason I goto south Philly as frequently as I do. The service is always quick and friendly. Seating can be tricky, so you probably will end up taking it home, if you aren't like me and devour it walking 5 steps from the place.
As for the pizza not too greasy, not too much sauce or too much cheese. 
My recommendation: go there. Try it. If you don't like it, you only spent $2 no big lossI went to Lorenzo Pizza with my boyfriend and a group of friends at around 5-6? The pizzeria wasn't busy which was actually really nice because we didn't feel rushed. We considered going to Pizza Brain, but we all preferred the traditional style of pizza/atmosphere here._Loved_ the rough-and-tumble atmosphere--hand-written signs in multiple languages commanding you to order and pay at the register--but only _liked_ the pizza. Sauce a little sweet for my tastes--nice, chewy crust (but also a hint of sweetness). Even though our slices were re-heated, still tasted fresh. Definitely a cut above the typical slice. More than that....?The Sicilian is some of the best in the city. Crispy, crunchy, not too thick, not too saucy. Pretty close to perfect. I always get it to go and munch while I shop the Market.It's decent, greasy, and cheap pizza in the Italian Market.  Not a lot of seating inside and the outside only has a few small tables/chairs outside, but the service is fast and friendly, and the pizza is authetically South Philly-ish: greasy with plenty of cheese on a not-too-thin-yet-still-crispy crust with a sweetish sauce (not as sweet as Franzone's).  It's not a gourmet pie place and they don't pretend to be.  It is a fast-food pizza stand that serves a very satisfying and artery-clogging slice that is perfect for eating while you stroll through the market.  The slices are big, too, so one is more than enough for a meal.  My sausage slice was only about $2.25, which made for a very inexpensive lunch.  While the pizza itself is nothing extraordinary, it serves its purpose well and the friendly staff certainly doesn't hurt.  Cash only!The best pizza in South Philly. Everything from the pizza sauce to the pizza dough is made from scratch. Great food at very affordable prices.The term "greasy spoon" adequately describes this place. Do don't go in expecting anything else and you will not be disappointed. That being said, the food was well priced, tasty and way better than expected. 
IMO, the pizza was huge and very good. As was the Philly Cheese Steak sandwich. At a pizza place? Yep. It was actually better than at other places we tried! Now, I don't regard myself as a connoisseur or expert on either pizza and/ or PCS, but I do know what I like. And I liked it enough to overlook the greasy spoon aspect. And there aren't many places that I'm willing to overlook that part!Ordered the cheesesteak with fries and a diet coke.  It was alright, a little dry with skimpy provolone.  I would stick with their pizzas.FILTHY CRUMBS, I actually seen with my own 2 eyes the cook take bags of trash out and come back and did not wash his hands and start making food with his bare hands .Neopolitan pizza that may be the best I've had in this city! And it's cheap.I was at the festival at the Italian Market, so just picked up a couple of slices rather than eating in. I got a slice of pepperoni and a slice of white with broccoli. Both were really tasty, doughy, with a relatively thin base. I ate both within the space of a couple of minutes but didn't feel gross afterwards (a true measure of culinary quality)!I had heard good things, not sure if it was just bad timing( tuesday at 1pm) or if this is the set quality standard. Pizza wasn't freshly cooked, and the place was a bit dirty, staff was friendly.Pepperoni pizza was pretty good but not great... Good for the price I guess.. I'd recommend the mushroom though.This place offered the best compromise between me and my boyfriend. I wanted pizza. He wanted cheesesteak. Stumbled upon Lorenzos while wandering around South Philly. The smell of their pizza lured me in. Boyfriend fell in love with their cheesesteaks. Being from NY I have to say their pizza was pretty darn good. 2 cheesesteaks and 2 slices of pizza later...we were stuffed. Lorenzos will be on our "must have" list every time we are in town.this is legit my fav cheesesteak spot in philly. the bread is amaze, i think they get it from jersey. their pizza is great too, especially the dough. i like the sauce on the other lorenzos better, but this crust is way better. 
your order will be ready in under 15 mins and you can take it outside to watch all the suckers wait around for sabrinas.Lorenzos Pizza is the perfect grab-n-go place to get a slice of pizza near the italian market. Their pizza is pretty underrated - I don't hear people talk about this place much - but it's thin, crispy around the crust but more gooey at the bottom, not too greasy, and has the right ratio of cheese to sauce. They also make a pretty banging tomato pie, with lots of chunks of tomato and garlic.
Their prices are also great - less than $2 a slice - which is a rare find in Philly. They have a few tables outside and also a few tables inside, but most people that come here are stopping to get a slice and be on their way. I wouldn't say the guys working are the friendliest bunch. I almost feel like I'm talking to Tony Soprano or Don Corleone when I step up to the window to order my slice, but that adds something cool to the whole atmosphere. 
One drawback is their hours - they always seem to be closed unless it's early afternoon saturday or sunday. I wish they would stay open later during the week because sometimes you just want to grab a slice, whereas places that are open later you usually have to order a whole pie. 
So if you're walking near the Italian Market and need a quick bite, def check our Lorenzos!AMAZING by far my favorite pizza In Philadelphia The portions are humongous and the favor is an explosion!!! You can't beat the price for this jumbo sized serving of yum ! I highly recommend trying this pizza. I call it the pregnancy special because it's so big that two people could split one piece and feel satisfiedCheesesteak was good not great. They need better rolls. The overly chewy soft Amoroso's style rolls are not good. Need a firmer, crisper roll. Too many good bakeries in Philly to be using subpar bread. The roll truly makes the sandwich.Discovered old Italy.  Nice place.  Recent trip to move our son to college from the west coast.
The first time we ordered the Italian Hoagie.  Delicious. Just the right seasonings, garnishes, and very fresh cuts of meats. We bought to share amongst the 3 of us in between lunch and dinner.  At $7.00 you can't beat it.  However, we went back 2 days later during lunch and ordered several of these.  Very disappointed.  They left out the Italian vinaigrette seasonings and had way too much sweet and sour peppers.  A whole different experience.  What happened they were not that busy.   Not consistent.eek.  for a place i've heard good things about i was sorely disappointed!  
first, i pull up on my bike and was going to lock it to a gate (totally out of the way).  an old man sitting at one of the three tables screams out "don't lock it there!!  don't lock it there!!"  hrm, how about "hello there, would you mind finding another spot to lock your bike" if it's REALLY all that big a deal to him!!  i almost left right then and there, because i feel that just cause you're old and YOU don't feel like you need to mince words anymore, doesn't mean you shouldn't.  if the world consisted of a bunch of old farts without the pleasantries, imagine what a miserable place it would be.  anyway.  i ended up just locking my tire to the frame, leaning it against the building and getting in line. 
the pizza was just OK - the crust was good, but the sauce was disgustingly sweet.  i hate sweet sauces.  meh - there's plenty of good pizzerias i'll stick with.VERY YUMMY unbelievable pizza!  I'm from Jersey and know the difference between authentic pizza and the fast food kind.  I was pleasantly surprised to get that authentic taste, and to show my two sons what real pizza tastes like after eating tons of pizza hut and little ceaser's on fridays in maryland, where it's almost impossible to find decent pizza.  I loved the neighborhood, down-to-earth atmosphere - strictly no frills, strictly good Italian eatin'!  You gotta love this place!Great pizza. A bit expensive, but the slices are more than generous (where can you even find bigger ones?!) and always delicious. The only downside is the staff, who are less than approachable, but I guess that's part of the ambience.Ok this is simple.  This place won't blow you away but it's a solid pizza joint.  the slices are tasty and exactly what you expect.  A little greasy but good balance of cheese/sauce and a solid, relatively thin crust.  The sicilian pizza is equally good. everything else is pretty much pizza shop standard.  The guys here are actually pretty friendly and if you bring up a sports topic, they'll chat away with you.Been here twice now. This will probably be my go-to spot for slices of pizza as they are pretty good and rather inexpensive.
I am not a big fan of their cheesesteak but I know a lot of people in the neighborhood prefer these to Pat's and Geno's. I would agree with that, but you gotta head over to Cosmi's a little further down 8th for a pretty quality steak. Again, that's totally relative though.
They got some nice people working behind the counter and the service is pretty quick. It's a nice to place to eat inside as well with all the ways of how to order your food in what seems like twenty or so different languages.
Props to Lorenzo. I'll keep on patronizing.Based on the rave reviews, disappointing.  Its far from a wow or the best slice ever.
If you have no expectations, its decent good pizza.  Have had several times from the window vs. going inside and its the best oven fresh.  Reheats just ok.A South Philly classic my family has been coming here for generations literally. This place will always have a special place in my heart. There pizza still Taste the same as it does when I was a kid I have to say best pizza I've ever had. I know people from New York  and Chicago will disagree don't listen they are crazy.The pie was pretty good and affordable.   The dough again was delicious!   Place was a dive, but those types on places are usually da best!  However, the Lorenzo's on 305 South St is a lot bigger... but pricer too.  However, after trying both Lorenzo's and Lorenzo's and Sons, Lorenzo's on 9th St. is the best I've had anywhere...including NYC!A great place to grab a slice while doing your Italian Market shopping. Certainly some of the better pizza in the city. My boyfriend loves the cheesesteaks and when feeling like a real fatty gets cheese fries also.one of the top two pizza places in philadelphia.  the lorenzo at the italian market has never let me down.  it's always fresh, hot, and cheap.  the best snack in south philly.We tried Lorenzo's because a friend recommended it for their cheesesteaks. Well they were ok but not crazy delicious. BUT we also ordered the pizza and it was FANTASTIC! I would give the Pizza 5 stars and the cheesesteaks 3! Very nice staff tooI love this place. I was back in the old neighborhood yesterday and had lunch there with a friend. Well all I can say is that i forgot how god their pizza is. The taste of the sauce is perfection and blends so well with the cheese. And they use real mozzarella! So many other places use fake cheeses and processed foods; but not here. They make their sauce from scratch and they even make their own dough.  The decor and staff are authentic old school Italian market and you will never find a friendlier group of people. SO if you are looking for an inexpensive delicious meal this is the place for you.I walked in thinking it was Lorenzo's , u know (i know i know) . I was doing the italian market and got carried away basicaly. 
But just as the stars say, I have experianced better. Meh.Lorenzo's Pizza is a not uncommon Italian Market location. Small, friendly place that has a very neighborhood-y feel. We grabbed a slice of the regular Cheese pizza. It came out hot from the oven, a nice freshly baked pie. The pizza had a ratio that favored cheese over sauce. The cheese was delicious, a little gooey and hot coming off the steaming hot pie. This was definitely the type of slice that calls for some folding as the crust was not too thick. A very delicious slice of pizza. And at $1.50 a slice the price is definitely right!Delicious pizza and steaks fast and affordable right off of the Italian market. Grab a slice and a drink and enjoy a table outside for a great bite in south PhillyEither the yelpers over sold this one, or maybe you just get used to your local pizza, or maybe it was a bad day but the pizza was just OK. A-OK as Yelp says. The pizza is neither thin nor thick. Sauce was plentiful. Cheese, no so much. Mushrooms were canned. Since they are in the Italian village I was hoping for something more autnentic; either authentic Italian or authentic Philly would have done.In my opinion, its the best "pizza place" in philly.  Best cheesesteaks in philly and best non-dining pizza.Very Good Pizza!
The dough has a discrete sweet taste to it. It is just legit old school NY style pizza. Also, the cheesesteaks look better than the ones from Geno's... more meat, better bread, and chopped meat unlike Geno's huge slabs. I'm definitely going back!Seriously?  Where else can you get a DELICIOUS large pizza for $10?  And even though they recently upped the prices of their slices by a quarter, $1.75/slice is still an obscenely low price for pizza.  I love that a $5 bill buys you a meal at Lorenzo's.  Going to the walk-up counter and getting a fountain soda with some slices... what a great Philly experience!  And they always have the Phillies and Flyers games on. 
The pizza itself is good - greasy (but not TOO greasy) thin slice, evenly split on cheese and a slightly-sweet sauce, with good medium-pan crust.  I hear from my husband that their sicilian style pizza is awesome. 
Do not confused this place with Lorenzo & Son on South Street, like I once did.  They are not related, and while the other place is fine for a post-bar snack, this is where you go for quality Philly pizza at old-school prices.  Only downsides? They don't accept cash, and they don't stay open late.This is the closest I've found to New York/New Jersey pizza in Philadelphia. Sure, it's not that clean, and it doesn't have much visible appeal, but if you want a good slice of pizza sometimes you need to make sacrifices. I've continued to come back and have enjoyed every visit!Best Cheesesteaks so far!
When you're in Philly you have to at least once in your life try Pat and Gino's cheesesteak because they're famous. (They're the worst btw) I've tried other places while I was there and they were ok. But so far this place has the best!When it comes to a good "street slice", Lorenzo's is the best I've found so far in Philly... the closest thing to Brooklyn-authentic.
NOTE:  This place is unrelated to the overhyped, overpriced, and not nearly as good "Lorenzo & Son's" on South Street.  Don't get them confused!