Haters gonna hate! LORENZOS plain slice is bomb.com!!! Slices the size of your head - NOM!! I don't know how you can possibly give this place anything less than 5 stars?!?! Pizza is ALWAYS hot and fresh! Peep the line out the door from open to close! It's even good cold for the morning after a long night of boozing! LOVE this place, a true Philly landmark!I tried a bit of my partner's slice and it was no bueno. I made a face and he said, "Yeah, you obviously haven't had enough to drink." Maybe this pizza is good when you're drunk and can't taste anything.  I thought it was strange they don't offer any kind of toppings except one day a week. Maybe I'll hit this spot up again when I am drunk....but probably not.Great place for a quick bite of pizza. Prices are rising, though. A slice will be $3.00 starting the month of December.
If you are getting slices, they are only available in plain cheese, no toppings! However, if you order a pie... ask for whatever toppings you like. 
Slices are definitely generous, however taste can be inconsistent. Some days, I would get them freshly made and think.. "damn, this is some bangin pizza!"...and on other days, I would get slices that have been sitting out for a bit and think.. "ehhh... not so great" Either way, I'd lather on the oregano, red pepper flakes, black pepper, cheese and get my grub on.
I would give it four stars, but I have to subtract one due to inconsistency in taste.Don't you feel extra hungry after a few alcoholic beverages; like you can demolish 2 cheesesteaks or a whole pizza pie? This is the place to go! Their pizza by the slice is the size of a infant. 
Proceed with caution! If the pizza just came out of the oven, the yummy, gooey cheese WILL burn the roof of your mouth. But then you'll bite into a thin, crunchy crust and everything will be ok.
Very good late night eats, if you're in the area. If you're not, catch a cab!Questions: 
1) why is it so unusually sweet and greasy? 
2) why did i eat this huge slice of a mess? 
3) why didn't i just stumble a couple steps more to get steaks at SOS? 
Answers: 
1) only Lorenzo and son know. 
2) so i had a couple drinks earlier that night... 
3) see the answer above. +2 more drinks. *shrugs*They're a solid 3. You literally get half a pizza for $3.50. My friends brought me here during happy hour for a slice of pizza and they didn't give me a warning because they wanted me to be in "shock"
Well, I was. The slice is ridiculously large. You can feed a family of 4 with this thing.
The pizza itself was actually pretty good. Sauce and cheese were good. Crust was nice and crisp. Seems like the perfect place to come in after a few drinks.
I'll be back if I'm in the area again.If you want a huge under cooked, greasy oil pit of a pizza that has Chef Boyardee's Spaghetti O's sauce this is your spot.Ninja Turtle pizza!! My friend kept calling it the ninja turtle pizza because the slices were GINORMOUS!!!!  probably the biggest pizza I've had..  We were in Philly for the weekend and worked up an appetite after bar hoping and saw this pizza place.. The line brought us over but the security outside scared us.. Nonetheless, we're only in Philly once, so we decided to wait it through int the long line and ordered a pepperoni pizza to take back to our hotel.. The pizza was pretty good, not sure if I would've enjoyed it sober... they were thin and greasy which perfectly hit the spot, soaking up all the alcohol we just consumed.  Great way to end the night!Do yourself a favor and skip the line at Jim's Steak and head down the street to Lorenzo & Son's! Since we were a large party, we decided to order a whole 28" pie! We Loooooved it!! We were the envy of everyone on the street as we walked back to our car. The slices are as large as my cat and the sauce is just as sweet! And don'let a long line scare you away, the service is fast and friendly! There is just no way you will be disappointed!Delicioussssss! Best pizza perfect for breakfast lunch and dinner! Cheese only! It has survived the fire and has come back just as strong! So good!!I used to go to Lorenzo's when I was in high school, and even though it was a long trip to get there, and even though the building was filthy and small and over-crowded, I loved eating there.
I don't go to South Street that much anymore, but I stopped into Lorenzo's for old times sake, especially when I saw that they had renovated the building and made it look a lot nicer.
Apparently, the improvement of the interior did nothing for the quality of the food. The pizza that I got was nowhere near as good as what I remembered. What I especially didn't like about it was that the tomato sauce, as little of it as there was, had a sugary sweet taste to it. That was a total turn off, and if I wasn't starving I don't know if I would have finished it.
I'm sorry but this place is seriously over rated. It used to be good but it isn't anymore, and I am amazed that people are still willing to wait in a 30 minute line to eat this stuff.
Pros
-the recent renovation they did took this place from filthy to fabulous
Cons
-the quality of the pizza has seriously declined, I would never go back now, even though I used to be a huge fanBiggest slice of pizza I have ever scene. The entire pizza takes up the entire pizza oven. $3.93 a slice but with its good taste and size it's well worth it. Friendly staff too.The place is small, only for going in and getting out; not really a place to stay and chill. It's a fast paced pizza place, but it seems like people have a lot of expectations for how they want it to be. 
I absolutely love Lorenzo's pizza and I haven't found a place that tops it yet. Me and my boyfriend come here whenever we have a craving for pizza and we both enjoy the sweet tomato sauce that no other place I've been to has. We got a pie before so we were able to get extra sauce on it. Amazing. 
The best time to get Lorenzo's is during their peak hours (night time) any other time, the pizza isn't piping hot. 
Btw, I don't have to be drunk and wasted to enjoy Lorenzo's pizza.Customer service sucked. The guy at the counter had such a nasty attitude rolling his eyes. Turning his head away as if he was disgusted. I mean beyond rude. Plus the pizza doesn't taste the same anymore. That was the spot growing up, not so much now.Best pizza in Philadelphia. That's all you need to know.
Oh, you should also know that they are cash only.
Oh yeah, and that if you buy by the slice, you can only get cheese, no toppings. If you try to order a slice of pepperoni, others in the line may laugh at you. So you should probably bring a friend with you and tell them to order a slice of pepperoni.*
*Laughter may vary depending on people in line.1/29/12 was the first time I came here. From what I remember about this place, the registers were up front and you ordered and then you walked all the way to the back and eat while standing. It's mostly cheese pizza, no other toppings. From what I heard, there's toppings done on pizzas on Tuesdays. I don't mind cheese pizza, I like it but I'm so used to toppings on my pizza. Service is good as usual, they did rebuild this place since it caught on fire and I think that was 3 years ago. Everything is all up front, there's no seating, no walking to the back, you just stand at a table and eat while you watch TV.Landmark / Cafeteria line.
my brother took me here right after Pat's.
Hugh Slices for 2 bux i'm a man, i really cant complain.
just throw some peppers on that and get out.Probably one of the better places for pizza in philadelphia. Its right on south street so it is convenient. the slices are hugee. its open till 2am.THE BEST!!! I lived in Philly briefly when I was 19 years old and eating a slice or two at Lorenzo's from time to time remains my fondest memory of that city. I saw concerts, met people, played music in bars, etc..... NOTHING COMPARES TO THAT PIZZA! Lorenzo's is still my favorite aspect of Philadelphia. Whenever I go back to Philly, it's 1st on my list of places to hit. I just told a friend to stop in on her trip to Philly.... I just wish I was along for the ride.Not sure it's possible to beat this pizza anywhere. I don't know what they do to that cheese but I want to put it all over my body and become that pizza. The slices are huge, cheap ($3.50) and perfectly cooked. There's a reason this is part of 'The South Street Challenge.' Cash only, but they have an ATM onsite. The line you'll wait in is worth it. I promise.I have had Lorenzo's a few times. It isn't bad, it really isn't. I feel like its something to try and experience. The first time there was a crazy long line. If you want a topping, you have to order an whole pie, which I imagine you would need a small army to eat. They don't take credit cards. I think taste wise its pretty average.Come on people!!!
You don't have to be drunk or desparate!!! This is truly pizza at it's finest! Sure, it's no sit down  fancy Italian restauraunt.... but if you are just looking for a quick bite on your South Street Philly adventures....stop and get a slice. Worth it!I was born and raised in New York, and I moved to Philly for my job. At home, good pizza is just around the corner, and pretty much on every corner; whether it's in Manhattan, Brooklyn, Queens, and even Long Island (where I'm from). Pizza is a staple in my diet - the ultimate comfort food. Since moving here I have not found a decent slice of pizza, and I will not stop until I find something that even slightly resembles the deliciousness of New York pizza. So, if you're serious about pizza, follow my reviews, because I'll be reviewing every pizza joint I eat from to let you know what's worth it and what's not.
That being said, this pizza is nothing special except for its size. This is by far the largest pizza I have ever eaten. There are some places in New York that do similar things with size, but I haven't tried. The novelty of this jumbo slice isn't enough to save it from it's incredibly mediocre taste. 
Lorenzo's uses a semi-sweet sauce which I don't particularly care for. The dough is also sweet and makes for a thicker, chewy consistency. The crust is non-existent, as a good pizza will have a very defined crust that acts as the pizza's spine.
Half pepperoni and half mushroom (which come from a can) ran 22 bucks. A single slice is $2.75. 2 stars because of the ridiculous size, but if it were a normal pie I'd only give it one. If you want a good pizza, go elsewhere.Just had Lorenzo's again today after not going there for several years, and guess what---it's still the shizz. One slice is definitely enough to fill me up, and it's just.. so good. I've missed you!Best pizza in the city. 
Don't go here if you wanna sit and eat and don't ask for toppings on a single slice. They're like the Soup Nazis.
The slices are GIGANTIC, the cheese is gooey, the sauce is sweet, and the dough is buttery and golden brown. It's worth standing outside and balancing your drink and paper plate while getting heckled. Trust me when I say I have yet to try a piece of Philly pizza that compares.More then just "large slice" or simply "decent late night" pizza.  I have been going to Lorenzo's for years and have always bragged about it to people from out of state.  
I have now been back 3 times since the fire and 2 of the 3 times has been a really good piece of pizza. 
Well done crust just a little crunchy.  The cheese was great and the sauce was good as always.  
Try the hot sauce on the slice as well.Their pizza is HUGE! No joke! The moment I walked in, I saw a guy putting in a ginormous pizza into the oven.  I wasn't too hungry, so I just ordered one slice for $3 and was very satisfied.  The cheese was so warm and savory.  
The only thing I did not like about this place was t he eating area. The only eating area is in the back where you stand up and eat.  All of that is fine, but all three walls are mirrors.  It's pretty awkward cause you're just staring at other people or you catch someone else watching you eat.  It's a pretty tiny room so it's hard not to feel uncomfortable.This is not the best pizza in the world, but damn does it hit the spot when you want it.
HUGE (i mean, big, see picture to view scale) slice for $4. $4.50 if you ask for it in a box. Line can get long but it moves super fast. No toppings for slices, either. If hungry, I can eat one slice on my own. If not that hungry, I usually share with a friend or two.
Super thin dough, but the sauce is nice and sweet and the cheese is hot and plentiful. They have parm, red peppers, and oregano to add. Standing room only if you can squeeze yourself in but the turnaround for people to eat and leave is rather quick.My favorite pizza in the world, hands down. It's in a new location now since the old one burned down. But it's the same deal as before....no utensils, no toppings, no b.s.. Just good ol' delicious slices of plain pizza. The slices are so big they use two paper plates to serve them. Do yourself a favor and check out Lorenzo's if you find yourself on South Street. This is REAL East Coast Pizza!Cash only. Huge Slices. No seating.
But damn, this is the best pizza to have when you are finished a show at the TLA or leaving a bar on South St. It had a very sweet sauce and a tasty crust. You can only get toppings on Tuesday so I hope you like cheese. They have some stuff you can sprinkle on like parmesan and garlic...and hot sauce. Lines can get pretty long and there is definitely that philly attitude but I would recommend this to anyone.Well, this place is supposed to the best in Philadelphia for NY style thin-crust? I'm not impressed. The slice is oddly sized. 1 slice is too little for a meal and 2 is way too much. But on a second thought, it might be perfect size for late night snack after a few rounds of beers...
The taste...the crust is too bready and thick. It doesn't have the crust that good NYC pizzas are so famous for (yes, i'm a fan of thin crust). I saw that for some people the cheese was bland, but I found the whole pie to be on the saltier side than ideal. Perhaps they are inconsistent since I rarely think anything is too salty.I was wondering why the regular slices were 4$, and when i got it...boooom...huge slice! Lol I'm from north jersey, you know we are picky with our pizza being we are so close to nyc...and Lorenzos *kisses to the sky with hand* got some good pizza my man!So I enjoyed my giant piece of pizza, to the tune of a very reasonable $2.75. It was cheesy, the crust was crispy, the sauce had presence - sauce is the most important element of a slice. I HATE a dry slice.  Way to go Lorenzo's. 
It wasn't what I expected. I expected something thick and saucy and cheesy and massive. Instead, it was an albiet large, but pretty normal looking piece of pizza. Flat. But once I started eating it, I was pleasantly surprised.
Also, it was portable. I ate it while driving. Dig it.Biggest pizza slices of life! I didn't even know how to hold it so I had to fold it in half to eat. Yea, I know I sound like a total fatty. Very interesting pizza place. If you order by the slice, you can only get cheese pizza. There's signs warning you to not even bother asking for toppings or parmesan. So east coast! While I'm usually not a fan of just cheese pizza, I thought this was pretty good and definitely filling! At $2.50 a slice, you can't really go wrong.
There's no seating in this joint. You can walk towards the back and stand in the fun house type room (there's mirrors on every wall!) to eat your slice there. 
You can also order by the pie for about 20 bucks.The pizza slice sizes are enormous! I didn't believe it when I saw the reviews. I was originally recommended to come here by a friend and man was it worth it. Not only is the pizza huge, but so frickin good. I think it's definitely the sauce that makes it stand out from the rest. 
Lorenzo's is a one of my must stops in PA whenever I go by.
The place is pretty small with limited eating area, but despite that, amazing place. Must go.In truth, I don't think any pizza is really worth 5 stars, I mean c'mon, it's just pizza. But  - I wanted to compensate for the oversensitive types who only gave it one star because they didn't like the rude signs, or the mirrors, or the attitudes of the employees... (Yeah, as if their jobs are so great they owe you smile when they serve you an amazing slice of pie). 
I ate a slice today as I walked up South Street in 26 degree coldness. It was hot and delicious, the crust had the perfect balance of thinness and crispness, the cheese was hot and moist and gooey, By the time I turned the corner at 4th, it was so cold out, it was like eating pizza out of the refrigerator the day after. And it was STILL awesome.
I would go back there any day or night for J& Sons pie and I don't care how long the line is or what the pizza guy's attitude is. It's well worth the $2.75.  Hey, they're pretty undiplomatic down the street at Jim's Steaks. I'm not about to stop going there, either. It's so "Philly"The best $3 (or $6 if you're a fat kid like me) you'll ever spend at 2 am on a Saturday night.  Nothing washes down regret and poor decisions like a triangle of melty, cheesy goodness the size of your torso.
Confession: sometimes I drink just to justify a late night Lorenzo's purchase.There pizza is just delicious. I have no idea what their secret ingredient is but whatever it is, it is working. Quick food on South Street when you just wanna grab that bite and not sit down and continue exploring the artsy fartsiness of South Street.Best place to get enormous pizza slices for cheap. It's awkward to walk around with such big, greasy food, but everyone on South Street is used to it. Love to get a gremlin to go with my pizza :)Huge pieces of pizza for around $3? Yes please! There pizza is the equivalent of really food boardwalk pizza. It's a small place with no seats but you can stand near the counter. They only offer toppings on Tuesdays so I hope you like plain cheese pizza! There's. I fountain drinks only bottle - bummer because I'm a fan of fountain soda over bottle any day! The service is quick and they only take cash so be prepared!Don't sweat the roaches....this is 3am pizza at its finest...Pizza price is fair. Large slices about a quarter of a pie. First slice was tasty. Went back for a second that slice was tasteless lacked any sauce and very little cheese tastes rubbery not worth eating. If they could be consistent I all would be goodPizza was hot and ready on time. Perfectly cheesy and not terribly greasy. Reminds me of NYC style. 
Even though the line was long the service was still quick. I would like to come back to try some pasta.This place sells very large slices that are always fresh due to how much people purchase them. The slices are great, running about $2.75 each (supply and demand, eh?) and it's open late. There's nothing like eatting this pizza drunk.Mmmmmm large pizza slices when drunk. Must I say more? Also if you are like my roommate you are going to ask if we should order 4 slices instead of two. I laughed at her, but then again last weekend I attempted to steal my friends slice after I finished my own.A few years ago I was very disgruntled over the downsize in the slices, since moving away and now returning to the city, the slices are back to their large, normal, delicious size. Thank you.Here's another local gem in Philly that's worth visiting if you're in the mood for pizza. 
Upon entering, you're greeted to no frills but bright clean dining area with cozy standing space for a small casual group. Definitely a place that you can take your pals for a quick eat. 
As for the pizza, the centers are thin but dense with just enough crust throughout the bottom to have a crisp crusty bite. The sauce is ample, moist, favorful, and a bit sweeter than at other places that I've tried. A slice is huge. Enough for settle those  cravings for bread and grease after having a few too many brews if that sounds familiar.
Lastly, there's a nice spread of cheeese. It's quality and have some napkins handy because there's enough there to stretch. $3.50 for  slice. You can't go wrong.It's a Philadelphia standard.
You get cheese steaks at any one of the more notable locations...and while on south street if you pass up Jims, you stop by Lorenzos for your giant slice.
Cash only, and occasionally you can get toppings. 
It's ok. The pizza isn't bad. It's just not better than three stars.
One thing that is important to remember is that they are open late, in an area with lots of bars. It's a perfect business strategy. 
It's tasty, it's big, it's convenient. 
There you go.this might be the best pizza shop pizza ive had in philly. (excluding specialty fancy stuff) this is no nonsense, huge, and super cheesy. my fav part was the perfect crust. this is a perfect late night stop to feed your alcohol only stomach. no one even cares thats its packed, and there are no seats, because its instant gratification.Best Best Best Ever!
The staff is quick and efficient even if you have to wait in a line out the door and around the corner!!!
The pizza is quality and of course, the slices are HUGE!  
All good things to say!Good slice. A bit bland. Huge slice! Takes up two plates and took me walking up to 9th st. till I finished it.Pretty much gotta fold it.Haven't had one in a while; better than I remember. Last time the sauce was too sweet. Better this time.
Not the best slice in town. As a matter of fact I had a slice of peperoni the same day @ Gianfanco (3rd & Market) that blew Lorenzo's away. Better crust, sauce and cheese; lots of pepperoni and almost as big for only $3.This has been on my list for so long, I'm so glad I finally ventured down to try it! Everyone talks about Lorenzo's as the perfect cap to a night out, but my friends and I never seem to be anywhere that it's on the way home from. This past weekend we decided to go out of our way to try it. Totally worth it! The cab stopped at a red light and I feel like we were back out before the light even turned green. The guys in there slapped the slices in the box so quick and we were on our way. The slices are HUGE and the pricing seemed reasonable. A great late night spot, I'll probably be back too often.The slices at the famous pizza joint are epicly huge!! And cheap! It wasn't the best tasting pizza I've ever had but it got the job done. It's definitely the kind of pizza you want to eat at 4 AM on a night you've been partying hard.This has been my favorite pizza place for years, my cousin introduced me to it back when she lived in Philly & ever since, I have to get it every time I'm there.
Sadly, when I was there this past weekend it really wasn't as good as I remember. I can't imagine that they would've changed the recipe, maybe my taste buds have evolved. I still liked it and ate the whole slice though. :P
I like their rules, as it makes it fast & efficient. Anyone who complains about cash only is silly...  I guess it's inconvenient if you're getting a whole pie, but it's a hole in the wall local spot & slices are less than three bucks, get over it!Grew up eating pizza from this place when hanging on South St. was like being in Times Square (for teens). I actually think the pizza size has gotten BIGGER. When served freshly hot, makes you wanna slap ya momma! Make sure you wait for a pie to come out instead of the pre-made ones sitting (although they don't sit long) to the side because it's not as addictive. Try it with hot sauce! It's $3.50 for a slice that can feed 2 people.
This is the brother pizza to a place in Savannah GA that tastes and looks identical; wonder if their related!best pizza in the city.  i'm lucky to get out there when i can since its a little far from me.  it can be the perfect food.  i love it.A staple of South Street serving MASSIVE slices of pizza for 3 dollars each. The pizza is great, so great that it has captivating powers. It just draws you in. I cant walk by Lorenzos without stopping in for a slice regardless of whether I am hungry or not. Pretty sure most people that have been there before would say the same. All it takes is the first slice.It's really really big pizza. 
I hear that it's "New York" styles but I've never seen pizza this big in New York.5 all day, big taste out of a big slice. The atmosphere is small and homey. The price is dirt cheap for a huge slice (3.50). Deff a must in Philly!!!It wasn't until recently that I noticed the divide between Philadelphians over the Lorenzo issue. I've heard the arguments about the sauce, the crust, the service, etc. To this day, though, I'm still of the crowd that thinks of Lorenzo's as pizza crack.
I've always appreciated the cheesy, greasy attitude of the slices (I say this as someone who often loves his pizza half drowned in sauce). I also appreciate the no BS approach to slices and service that I get whenever I go. The only mistake I've ever made was trying to eat a whole pie between two people.
I feel like I know the difference between good and bad pizza. That said, I have often made the long walk down S Street just for a slice and Coke (doesn't matter what time of day). Granted I sometimes feel like a big mess when I take that last bite, and I'll always hate the people I'm waiting in line with. But you know what? I guarantee I'll be craving it again come this weekend.Went there a few days ago after the reopening and was glad that they still got the great pizza we all know and love. 
I really think they shot themselves in the foot though with the redesign of the place. Firstly, no fountain sodas? seriously? I guess all the other high volume places are doing it all wrong then. truthfully though.. bottles need to be carried, stored, take time to chill, and in my opinion, taste inferior. Secondly, maybe I was in on an off night, but the old setup could process about 2 customers a minute..  sometimes more depending on the staff. On the night I went, it was over 2-3 MINUTES per person..  there were people waiting in the tiny 6-7 person line for over 10 min..  that won't work here. The layout in the back seemed confused as well with the kitchen guys constantly struggling to keep from bumping into eachother and the girls up front. There was no Pepsi to be had cause they ran out of bottles. 
guys, you have great pizza, but judging by the people I saw out front changing their mind about waiting in line, you're gonna need to step it up a bit if you wanna rake in the cash and put those 4 ovens to good use. 
One more thing I noticed..  2 plates for each slice? just fold it over like the old days.. it makes it awkward to carry two slices on 4 halfass plates.best pizza in philly.  i think there might be crack in it because it is seriously addicting.Sober up after a night of dancing in Old City with a slice from Lorenzo's just a few blocks away. The family business has been serving pizza for decades and I know why--their HUGE cheesy and cheap slices have kept college kids, locals and visitors returning for more. There's no seating, just tacky mirrors all around, but who cares? You're chowing down your pizza within minutes anyways.Hands down one of the best pizza I've had in Philly , and the slices are huge. What's not to love.This is hands down absolutely the worst pizza that I have ever eaten.  The slices are enormous but have no flavor whatsoever.  There is almost no sauce, the cheese is extremely low quality and the crust is very bland.  I understand it mainly serves as  drunk pizza, but I have even gotten hammered specifically to eat this and couldn't even choke it down drunk.Not my favorite pizza in the city. But it's open late, and the slices are huge.Could this be the perfect slice? Lorenzo and Son's only sells on thing, pizza, and this is one of the best plain slices in Philly; maybe one of the best slices I have every had. Perfect crust, perfect amount of cheese, sauce that is not too sweet but assertive enough to make a statement. The slice is easy to eat. Easily folded. No running grease. The cheese is set nicely and doesn't pull off. 
Each slice is $3.00 (or $21.00 for a 28 inch pie). Worth walking the length of South Street just for this slice!When you are drunk, this is definitely the best food that helps that craving but we also come here when we are sober. Don't expect to get any fancy fixing...just expect the plain cheese pizza. Yes it is greasy and yes it is delicious. The slices are so large that it equals to two slices from a regular pizza joint. My brother-in-law would make a pit stop when he is DE for business just to bring home a pie back to VA for his family for dinner from Lorenzo's. Crazy! but is that good.This is my place to go when I crave pizza. First off, the slices are gigantic. You get your money's worth. Secondly the place and the customer service is great. No complaints here..This was delicious. Huge, greasy, exactly what I wanted. Yum.Huge slices, straight-to-the point attitude, and my last two bucks were enough to foot the bill. I found heaven at 3 am and so can you.
This place is the late night/early morning savior. Whether you're there for dinner or carbo loading, this place hits the spot. The amount of melted cheese nearly cut off my air way, but I know my dear Lorzeno meant no harm.
Peace.I would never come here sober. But when you're wasted near South street and nothing else is open at 3 am, these cheap, huge slices of "pizza" are pretty okay. Sure, the sauce is too sweet and the cheese is too rubbery, but when you're drunk and hungry you don't notice it as much. 
It's kind of like a really shitty version of Koronet's in Morningside Heights.I have lived near south street for a while now and have seen this place go from $2.75 slices to $3.50. I like the pizza, but of course its not the best ive had. It is great for late night drunk trips but I would choose another place for a mid day pizza place. The slices are huge though which is why the price is high I suppose.the best pizza... 5 stars...no bathroom makes it a 4...pizza gets no better in Philly!Came here because of Jesse and Gina from Prank Vs Prank on YouTube. Was not disappointed at all. You know the pizza is good when you have a hired security guard, guarding your entrance with a pistolThis place will always be my to go to pizza joint.
the servings are HUGE and reasonably priced.
I've been coming here for as long as i know.
You can't go wrong with the pizza.
 just make sure you order a plain slice unless you plan on getting a whole pie for toppings cause they don't do it!!!I'm from Chicago, and EVERY time I go to Philly Lorenzo's is a MUST HAVE!!!! Damn! I am ashamed to say this is the best pizza I've ever had being from Chicago. Now don't get me wrong (don't get it twisted), our deep dish pizza is all that, but this is definitely the best made thin crust pizza EVER (hoping Chicagoan Yelpers don't view this post)! Ahhh...Yummy!Yum. Is there more to say? The pizza was delicious and fresh out the oven. The advantage of only selling slices (and only cheese) is that each pizza is cut and served, none of that reheating junk.everything youve heard about this place is absolutely true. the slices are ginormous. covered in grease. pretty low quality, but awesome for a late night grab when youre crazing the grease (which does not happen to me infrequently, so ive been there several times). its also cheap.
so if youre in the old city/south street area and you want some greasy late night grub. go to lorenzos. if thats not your style. dont go.
its a small establishment, no seating. cash only.
also, dont eat it right before you sleep. your bowels will destroy you the following morning. and if youre looking for a new experience, grab a slice or two of lorenzos, then head up South st a couple blocks to Jim's and get a cheesesteak. wrap a slice of lorenzo's around the cheesesteak and enjoy this philly taco.It was a big ass cheese Pizza. On saturday night, around midnight there was a rude ass bouncer there too. I can understand the need for it because of the rowdiness of the crowd out and about, but yeah it wasn't as great as the bouncers/owners seemed to think it was. Sure it was huge ass slices of pizza, but that's all it was. It was novelty. The flavor was just like any old pizza, just x 2.
Don't get me wrong, it was a great value at $3, but I definitely wouldn't go back for pizza that's more novelty than substance.