Best fish tacos I've ever had in my life. Same thing about the nachos. Can't wait to go back.Made the trip here with my roommates on a random night when one was witnessing a full-on taco craving, and I was desperate for a margarita with my recent entry into 21-dom. 
We all got tacos - pork belly, chicken, and fish. I pretty much just stuck with mine, which was pretty eh. It's no SoCal taco, but what am I supposed to expect out of a Philly taco joint? I did like my little pickled carrot salad on top of the tacos, though. Maybe I'm just disappointed because the pork belly wasn't fatty enough. 
We also split chips and guac, and I appreciated the variety they gave - I think there were plaintain chips, regular ...and then I forgot the third already. In any case, the guacamole tasted incredibly fresh, so that was a good start. All in all though, I felt that the quality was meh and the prices too high. I don't really think I'll be back with so many other new taco places in town.I went for brunch with two friends, I got the Pork Belly Avocado BLT, one friend got the Juevos Rancheros, and the other got the Carnitas Tacos. 
The server who was charming and attentive, recommended the BLT and said that it was a huge sandwich. She did not lie the proportions were generous. The Sandwich was delicious for the most part, I do wish there was a touch less butter on the bread that they toasted before constructing the sandwich though. 
I tasted the Juevos Rancheros and it's was overall an enjoyable bite, also very generous portions for what we were paying for. I was impressed with the quality of the tostada's crispy texture under all that chilly. The egg was a tad overcooked but nowhere near the point of taking away from the overall enjoyment of the dish. 
I did not get a chance to try the Tacos, however I plan on coming back to try them another day. 
I wish I could give 4.5 stars.I love this place. I live a couple blocks away and I visit when I can. Get the nachos to share (no, seriously, they're a full meal for 2 people unless you have a black hole instead of a stomach) and a couple margaritas to unwind. They do not have a vegetarian meat option despite our constant pleas for soy chorizo, so we just have them plain. However, they do have some other veggie items on the menu that more than make up for this nacho oversight.
We even came here for New Year's Eve since we didn't feel like doing the typical kind of party. The waiter put up with our silliness and everyone made sure we had a good time.We are partial, because we are excited to see this place doing well in our neighborhood. The food is good and the drinks are so so, but the price seems high, especially for well drinks. Descent beer selection and fresh and quality ingredients keep us coming back (and buying expensive margaritas...).I've been to Los Camaradas three times now. The chorizo nachos are honestly why I keep coming back. They are huge and the meat has really good flavor. I'm from the west coast and often find myself missing Mexican food from home, but the Chorizo here does the trick. I've had the tacos before and they are good but on the expensive/bougie side. Every time I've been to the restaurant, my servers have been great, however, the overall service is just slow. I waited 15 minutes after being seated to get water and place an order. And it was about 20 more minutes to get my food.
But overall it's a great place to hang with friends and enjoy drinks and food.I tried this place with a friend and it was excellent. Everything was so flavorful and fresh. We had margaritas, which were very good, with the chips and salsa they brought out. I can say I don't think I have ever had better chips and salsa - it's such a simple dish but it was so good. The chips were warm and seem like they were made in house. Our appetizer of sopes and tacos were delicious. I had carne asada for dinner and it was cooked perfectly. The waiter was super nice too. I can't wait to go back!I'm the least picky person when it comes to eating, which is why I gave this place 3 chances. It's a nice restaurant, and all the employees are really nice, but the food is just flat out bad, and overpriced. I order the short rib enchiladas the final time I was there. It was the worst food I've ever been served at a restaurant. The sauce looked like mud and tasted like bbq sauce that was microwaved too long. My friends all gave it a try and they were gagging because it was so bad. I still ate half of it because I was hungry and wasn't going to send it back. Out of the four meal we ordered the best review was the chicken tacos we "ok I guess". I really wanted to like this place, but I won't be going back.Los Camaradas has an awesome Happy Hour. My two friends and I accidentally picked this place for happy hour on a Tuesday not realizing it was in fact Tuesday at a Mexican place which equals, TACO TUESDAY! We arrived a little before 6pm and easily scored seats at the bar. I started with a $4 draft of the Fathead's bumble berry, which was a fresh blueberry ale. My friends and I split the happy hour nachos which were still a heaping helping. Then we all took advantage of the 2 for $6 Taco Tuesday special. I had the chef's special taco which was a fried chicken taco and a mahi mahi taco. I'm not a big fan of fish, but it rocked with the mango salsa goodness on top. The tacos were on the smaller side, like you can finish it in 4-5 bites, but they sure were tasty. All of the sides are half off too, so I had a nice dish of $2.50 plantains. The bartender was really nice and attentive. All around 5 star happy hour experience.The vegetarian enchiladas were not good at all neither was the chicken mole. The nachos and fruity margaritas were the only things that were okay.This place is amazing! I came with my family including kids ages 8,6 and 1. The staff was super nice and accommodating. Our waitress Brittney was wonderful. Very helpful and patient. She made us feel totally comfortable. All of the staff were so pleasant! The bartender played the best music. We are visiting from out of town but if I lived here it would be my number one spot! Now the food--- I could not be more happy so delicious. We tried the nachos, enchiladas, tacos and soup all of which were amazing. You can not got wrong with this place. Great staff,  music, atmosphere, food and drinksDelicious food! Had brunch here and got the shrimp and grits. While the shrimp was delicious, only comment is that there wasn't enough! Highly recommend to anyone for brunch. Will definitely  try to come here for dinner some time. Staff is incredibly friendly and their chips and salsa are great. As compared to other Mexican restaurants in the area, I wouldn't say it's the best, but worth trying for sureHave only visited Los Camaradas once, but we know we will be back SOON. And hope to be able to up to 5 stars - SO CLOSE! 
First, the Food: Amazing brunch. Tons of dishes on the menu looked good, but my partner went with the huevos rancheros and I had the chorizo benedict. Our eggs were cooked to perfection. Chorizo on both our dishes was suberb (and there was plenty of it!). Sauce on his plate was delicious. Free chips & salsa! Really, really excellent food!!!
Atmosphere: Love the 2-person booths in the bar area. Love the Day of the Dead murals on the walls. Colorful, cute, warm & inviting. There are TVs in the bar area, but a back room if you want to avoid media. 
Service: The bartender was our server (they were pretty dead at 10:30 on a Sunday), and she did an excellent job. Our food came out in perfect time - not too quickly, not too slow. Attentive with water. 
Why only 4 stars? There are some glaring inconsistencies, possibly due more to management than anything else: 
1) Opening time for brunch was listed as 10:30 am on their website, 10 am on their menu, and 9:30 am on the table top specials card. Bartender said they changed the opening time to 9:30 "a few months ago" and were still trying to change all of the websites. (Um, how about just the one?) Bartender also made a joke to a fellow employee about the "morning rush" (we were the only ones there) - HINT: people won't show up if they don't think you're open!  
2) We were craving bloody marys (why else go to brunch?) and... they were out of horseradish and couldn't make the mix. At 10:30 am. When they apparently opened at 9:30. Manager came in with some around 11 and they offered to make us a bloody mary around 11:30, but... really? Also overheard the couple next to us (who arrived after we did) order a mexican coffee - which the bartender couldn't make because they were out of Redi-Whip. Two critical ingredients for two brunch drinks missing? 
3) I asked to substitute a salad for the potatoes on my plate, was told by the bartender that she "wasn't sure the salads had been prepped yet" even though there were salads on the brunch menu, which apparently they start serving at 9:30 am? They did manage to substitute (which was great!), but... weird. 
4) I was overcharged $1 for my chorizo benedict - listed as $10.95 on the menu (their prices are really good for how much you get!), paid $11.95. Double checked the menu on the way out to verify (didn't want to be a b*&^% about $1). Just... strange.  
Management, clean it up! Could be a real gem if these little things were taken care of! We will definitely be back to try the Philly Best Nachos and other dishes, hope that some of these problems will be gone.I was super excited about coming to this new place in my neighborhood and decided to take a big group for my birthday.  Unfortunately, I was incredibly disappointed.  Here's why:
#1 they promised a birthday drink or two, but charged me for all of my drinks (and arguably an extra drink?)
#2 service was HORRIBLE.  It took forever and my Roomie got the wrong order twice 
#3 the food was expensive and meager in portion sizes
Otherwise the ambience was great!  Manager seemed competent and thoughtful but we only saw her when we were being seated.
One pro!  The classic old fashioned that I got was freaking fantastic!! Great job bartender!The bartender, Beth, is so attentive, knowledgeable and witty as can be ;) best margaritas in the neighborhood!!!! Thank you for the laughsGreat space - well done - comfortable - tasteful and the food was delicious. Best nachos in the city. Very good service as well - I am already looking forward to returning!I've been here 4 times, and I'm not a huge fan.  It's pretty similar to Cantina in South Philly, minus the comfortable atmosphere and outdoor area.  Good beer menu, and really good tequila/mezcal options. The food is generally greasy and underwhelming.
For best results, check out the happy hour.  Decent drink specials and good prices on the tacos, which are the best items on the menu in my opinion.
Avoid the empanadas, I've gotten sick every time I had them.Crazy good nachos and margaritas. Every Tuesday they have a new chef's special taco to keep it new and interesting. Plus it's a fun place to sit and Shazam good music.I don't believe in yelp slamming unless the experience is truly horrendous. But I do believe in helping restaurants improve if they're interested in doing so. The following is what I would have emailed the restaurant if I hadn't received multiple send errors. 
I was so looking forward to some good Mexican food tonight. Especially after enjoying a tasty margarita while waiting for our order. Unfortunately every one of the four selections was overly salty. Nevertheless, the short ribs and chicken were very tender and tasty. Unfortunately, my carne asada was tougher than my handbag. I literally couldn't chew the meat! If you use the proper cut of meat each time, cook at the same temperature each time, you're going to get the desired results. (I say this as a former caterer and a very good cook.)
JBNot good.  Short rib was tough. I knew more about the menu then the wait staff.  I live 30 seconds away and I would never go back.I ordered the tacos de pollo for dinner late last night and I have to say it was the worst Mexican food I ever had in my life! Like no joke...dry and unflavorful. I'm giving them the benefit of a doubt though because it was 1am and the staff was great!They have an amazing jalape単o margarita. The food was super delicious. The staff and service was good. Will have to go back soon.Food is fantastic. Pork belly, guacamole, nachos all top notch, and the drink selection is fantastic.  Service needs work sometimes but let me tell you they know, when they have been slow have gotten comped drinks.  If the service keeps improving this will be my favorite neighborhood bar.Stopped in for an afternoon snack. Three of us tried various takes on the margarita and no one was disappointed (classic, mango, and some spicy salty Diablo). Tacos were Delilah. And the owner was out fillig water cups, welcoming people to the new spot! Best of luck to the new owners of this spot. I'm definitely coming back.Update - went back this week to try the food.  The initial crowds seem to have calmed down a little, business was good but not flowing out of the doors. 
We had chips and salsa, not on the menu but available if you ask, which come with a good home made salsa. Chicken enchiladas made with fresh chicken, unlike a lot of mex places. Red chile sauce is tasty. We tried the fish tacos which have been spiced up a little from the other reviews and were tasty. And a side of black beans which were just good black beans, tough to do much with them. The margaritas have changed slightly, they are a little stronger and the crushed chili with chili salt is not for the faint of heart. 
Which brings me to the bathrooms, which have been redecorated with a giant grinning skull as you walk in. Much cleaner and brighter than before, these are welcoming now and not a dingy scary place hiding spiders and leprechauns as before. 
Staff are still being trained however service was friendly and quick. Still giving 5 stars, 4.5 for service food and decor and .5 for not being the strip joint.This place rocks! Great service, and food was delicious! I ordered the pork belly tacos with rice and refried beans. It was soo good I ordered seconds, no joke...Great addition to our area,  reasonably priced, awesome ambiance! Love love loveLos Camaradas is a welcome new addition to the neighborhood after a couple of other restaurants failed. Their margaritas are very well-made and I can't rave enough about their nachos. I've seen a few comments about food being over-priced but I can assure you that the nachos are one of the tastiest dishes-for-the-buck of anywhere nearby. Their guacamole, Pork Belly Tacos and Short Rib Enchiladas are also some of my favorites on the menu. They aren't gigantic portions but the ingredients are top notch and when paired with the free chips and salsa and a drink or two it's plenty of food. 
I've also noticed that the service has improved each time I've visited. They're always friendly and have become much more versed on the menu. While I have yet to do the Tequila/Mezcal flights I'm always amazed at the variety of options they have on the bar. For those who aren't crazy about liquor, Los Camaradas has some great beer choices as well.  
If you're in the neighborhood, I'd definitely suggest stopping by.I had a great time here. We got here later at night, around 10pm. We sat outside and had a great time. I ordered the veggie tacos because they didn't have any soup, which is what I wanted to try. It was good though. The guacamole was really awesome and I would go back to just get that again. Also, the waitress told my mom that the margaritas were big, but it was no more than 6-8oz., which I thought was super weird considering she called them huge 2-3 times. I will be back for the guacamole!Stopped here on Saturday afternoon to enjoy a margarita on a nice hot day. The Guava margarita was about as good as it gets. I also enjoyed the braised short rib sopes which were absolutely fantastic. The icing on the cake for me was the outdoor seating where I could sit with my dog. He was made to feel welcome with some nice cold water served up in a dog bowl by our table. They even made sure to refill it for hi when they refilled our beverages. 
I would definitely recommend this place to others and I will definitely be stopping here again then next time I am in the area.Cute Mexican place in the Graduate Hospital Area. Their nachos are probably the best I've ever had (and one of the biggest plates so be prepared to share). I always get the nachos with the chicken because I think it's the best. They have shredded chicken that is cooked perfectly. Their other dishes are standard Mexican plates but have never disappointed. And their margaritas are amazing. They have outdoor seating during the summer months and it's really nice to sit and relax during a nice day. Their service is average but they get the job done. All and all it's reasonably priced and is my go to Mexican restaurant for a casual evening out.Pros: location, outdoor seating, chips, drinks. Cons: overpriced, I've had a dish or two that I did not enjoy. I will definitely keep coming for drinks, but this is not a favorite for dinner. I haven't tried the brunch yet.Came here for dinner with friends. The nachos are a must have! The fish tacos were also delicious! I would not recommend their mole sauce, it's lacking some love. I would definitely come back for another plate of nachos!The service was awesome and super friendly, but food-wise I think it's a bit overpriced for what you get if you're doing dinner outside of happy hours. I came from a city where cheap, authentic Mexican food was pretty common, so admittedly my perspective is pretty biased.
I had the short rib mole enchilada and found the sauce to be lacking in the deep, rich mole flavor I've usually expected from similar dishes. The sauce was also overly sweet, to the point where I scooped away some of it out of the dish. However, I could taste some cocoa powder. The free chips they serve in the beginning are fantastic though, as well as the salsa that accompanied it.Although the food was good (a little pricey)  I did enjoy this place.... Until, I realized that my dinner came out faster than the appetizer I ordered. 
The wait staff are friendly and nice, but their efficiency and equal treatment of guest is sketchy! 
Even after I prompted the staff, it still took a while for my empanada to hit the table it took a while. 
The table next to me had a slow service problem as well. I would have understood if the staff were just busy but, the place wasn't that crowded. To make it worse... The waitress loudly mentioned to the table next to us that their food was comped and invited them back... #notcool 
She was a nice person, but it felt wrong on a couple of levels.Los Camaradas is one of very few places to eat, hang out and sit outside for dinner/drinks in Grad Hospital. The happy hour is legit and offers a variety of taco selections (BBQ short rib tacos are by far the best they have). They also have brunch, which is a huge plus with a surprisingly large selection of food. The food is okay, nothing to write home about - however, the margs are delicious! The staff is very friendly and the bartenders were very knowledgeable about the tequila. They also have a pretty great beer and wine selection. In the summer they have really great fruity sours, which can be hard to find like the Liliko'i Kepolo by Avery brewing company. 
Overall, Los Camaradas is nice local spot for drinks, HH and brunch. 
It's also a great place to sit and have drinks outside with your pup in the summer. They always bring my puppy Mimi a bowl of water without me asking.We were looking for a quick bite somewhere between my husbands work (CHOP) and an event we were headed to in S. Philadelphia.  Yelp helped us find this little gem.  We arrived during Happy Hour, so that was a bonus.  The house margarita was fabulous without me asking for a tequila upgrade....took my chance and it was a good decision.  We split the nachos and short rib enchiladas with Mole sauce.  No complaints....service was great, food was beyond awesome and prices are good.  We already plan to go back with friends. Nice job.  Next time we'll try the shortribs on the nachos!!I want to like this place because of its proximity to us. And in all fairness we went in the first week and it will probably get much better. That being said, I feel like for the quality of food we got, the price was absurd. The guac was pretty generic, but the plantain chips that went with it were good. My biggest complaint was the black bean soup I ordered which tasted extremely bland but weirdly of coffee grinds. 
The staff was extremely nice and attentive, but I kind of felt harassed by our waitress to upgrade everything we ordered to something more expensive. 
A+ for their margaritas though. Outstanding. It's what bumped them up to 3 stars.
Overall, I would try it again but mainly because it's just so convenient.This was our first time dining at Los Camaradas, a Mexican restaurant not far from our house.  We were very impressed with the food, although the service was a bit slow.  Shortly after you sit down the waitress brings warm baked chips with a dipping sauce.  To our tastes the sauce could have been spicier and maybe chunkier.   We ordered a pitcher of margharitas, and it came in a carafe.  Perhaps a bit too much ice, but it was serviceable.  I ordered the breaded fish tacos.  I got 3 on the plate, which was more than enough for me.  I think there could have been more slaw on the taco, but the fish was excellent (and I am nitpicking).  My husband had the carne asada, which he said was very good.  I took a small bit of the refried beans that came with his order (no veggie with mine), and the beans were excellent.
In reading other reviews we saw that everything is homemade, and it sure tastes it.  We read that the nachos are to die for, so when we return--and we will return--we need to try the nachos.
As for the price, we thought it was reasonable.  The 2 entrees plus the pitcher of margharitas was around $74 plus tip.This place was very disappointing.  We had a great waitress who was attentive and friendly and the hostess was also very nice.  The service was quick and the margaritas were OK, but nothing to write home about.
The reason we give Los Camaradas 1 star is that the food was bad.  It is not traditional by any stretch.  The guacamole had pickled jalepe単os and the flavor overall was sub par - the tomatoes weren't ripe - bad ingredients = bad food.   The salsa that comes with your meal was also lacking.  
We ordered the bistec tacos and the steak was chewy and flavorless.  The empanadas were wrapped in a paper thin dough that was greasy and the filling was poorly seasoned.  
Even all this would be OK if the prices were reasonable, but the real killer was that the prices are SO high (similar to places like Distrito and El Vez) and the food was absolutely terrible.$5 margaritas for their brunch special, however the food you receive is not what is listed on the menu..for example we ordered the shrimp cocktail which was supposed to have avocado but had cucumber instead. We also tried the pork belly tacos; which were underwhelming at best, and vegetarian tacos which were basically charred, over salted Brussels sprouts and slimey mushrooms in a dry tortilla...both the worst tasting tacos I've had in Philly. If we go back we will be ordering chips and drinks only.Had my first Los Camaradas experience over the weekend for brunch and it was great!  It started off with the house made chips/salsa which were a nice treat.  I ordered the pork belly avocado blt which was amazing!  The pork belly was very flavorful and the whole meal was pretty filling.  My friend I was with ordered the eggs benedict (I had a bite) which were awesome as well.  I'd say the food was very reasonably priced.  The service was also fantastic. We had multiple staff come over and check on us throughout the meal to see if there was anything we need.  All very nice folks.  Happy to have a great mexican joint in the GHO neighborhood!Pretty solid pork belly tacos. My friend had the carnitas tacos and also liked them. Short but interesting beer list, 4 good options of red wine. Many other drink options, but I didn't pay much attention to them. Service was really good. I went in there for a quick afternoon snack and drink and had a pretty good experience. I'm coming back for more soon.The happy hour nachos, vegetarian empanadas and margaritas are all delicious. I'm in graduate school, some classmates and I have started a "nacho crew" forged on the belief of blowing off steam by going to happy hour here and getting their nachos and margaritas. The margs are made with real fruit and they always have good flavors. I also love the artwork here and the customer service is always great too. It's a smaller place, but I also like that. Just love this place.Awesome margaritas, however, no pitchers available. The food was extremely tasty but the prices were a bit much. Mexican food is inherently inexpensive and the markup on tacos at most places including here and La Calaca Feliz etc is borderline criminal. Also their micro-enchiladas, although delicious are definitely not worth $13. They don't even come with rice & beans as an accompaniement. Good food & drink, great service, but ridiculous pricing.Vegetarians beware but carnivores will be happy. That pretty much sums up this place.Sports bar like atmosphere, with extensive drink menu.  Food seems a bit secondary
A little more creativity on the menu...perhaps some changing items would be better
The veggie tacos were good, but enchilada sauce had way too many cloves in it.
Use of fresh veggies like carrots, corn, squash, etc instead of over reliance on mushrooms  would be good.
Nachos were nice; chips have a lot of salt but salsa was tasty.
Air conditioning --needs a better unit
Not sure why the outdoor tables look like salvaged from a junk yard
chairs and tables always more comfortable than backless pub stools.The chicken nachos. Just order them. I wish I could get the crema to eat every day ha and the chips are perfectly crunchy. They earned their best in philly nachos rating for sure. Happy hour from 5-7 PM during the week features nachos and many other options as well. Yummy plantains too!The food here is so good. It's absolutely delicious and I'm looking forward to coming back. I came here for happy hour with other yelpy friends and had a nice time.
Los Camaradas is a medium sized restaurant. It seems to be a pretty popular neighborhood spot, cause it was a good amount of people there on a Monday.
The happy hour menu provided a variety of options to choose from and we were able to share most of the items on the menu. I tried the pork belly tacos, papas fritas, chicken quesadilla and their delicious nachos. Those nachos was sooo good! I can't wait to come back to have another meeting with them! I liked that the tortilla was thick and crunchy oppose to typical soggy nachos. I kept eating and eating them! No wonder they won the award for the best nachos in Philly. Their margaritas are also good as well. I had the mango and guava.
Overall Los Camaradas offers dinner and brunch. It's a great meetup place to chill on your solo or hang with wonderful friends! The food is vibrant, the atmosphere is great. The staff is friendly and attentive. So check out Los Camaradas and thank you Michelle C!Sat at the bar - the bartender was very friendly, quick, and also had great menu knowledge. The nachos are amazing, definitely top 5 i've ever had. The chips stand up to all the toppings and don't get soggy like 70% of other places nachos. I've tried a few other entrees here and they were all good as well. Beer selection and margaritas were solid.
Skip sidecar and try this place out.Absolutely the best Mexican food we have ever had! Small intimate atmosphere. If crowded, I'm sure it's loud but when we went, we were the only couple there on New Years Eve. Absolutely the BEST margaritas!!! Mike was a kicka** bartender!After a disappointing initial visit to Las Camaradas (a bad experience with some chewy chorizo) we returned after we read that the short rib nachos were voted "Best in Philly".  They are QUITE worthy of this title.  While the serving is huge (better for a party of 4 than a party of 2), they are absolutely delicious... all smothered in delicious queso, crema, and pickled onions.  We LOVED them.  The tostadas de picadillo weren't bad either!Great service and accommodations for a large group on a Friday night!!  They extended happy hour for our group until 8 and reserved a section for 20+ of us! Nachos are the best in the city!!! Great addition to the neighborhood after so many failed attempts!  Thank you again!I typically go for the Baja fish tacos or pork belly tacos. Nachos were voted some of the best in Philly and are loaded with toppings. These could possibly feed a village, and happy hour size is even shareable. Flavors are definitely "contemporary Mexican."
Service can be pretty hit or miss. I have had some bartenders that are spotty with filling drinks to one time where a server that straight up said I was wrong when she served me some kind of  an IPA instead of a Dos Equis. They were two completely different colors lol. 
Happy hour Monday thru Friday 5pm-7pm $6 nachos and pairs of tacos. $5 margaritas. Bar seating or tables inside or outside. 
If you're looking for more Mexican food you can try Tico's Tacos on 16th and South.This place has one of the best nachos in the city, particularly the short rib.  Also, the place is a great neighborhood bar. The beer selections are really good. The bartenders are friendly and awesome. The place is nicely decorated, with impressive wall paintings and Mexican art.  Overall, it is a really cool atmosphere with great nachos. The tacos could be a bit bigger, but they are also tasty. Glad to have this place in my neighborhood!I wanted to give Los Camaradas 4 stars but a few things are worth mentioning,
The presentation(even for take out) was great. the tacos were 'cute' and rather small and I really enjoyed the short rib tacos. My wife got the Mahi tacos and they were also really good. Nachos were nachos, needed sauces. The plantains were awesome. The refried beans were dry and thick but had decent flavor. the salsa was not worth the $5 charge and the chips were thick and generic.
4 stars would be great but I could not get the ceviche to-go for whatever reason which is rather odd. this combined with the small portions, overall bland taste(besides the tacos) and hefty bill is why I chose 3. I WILL go back as decent 'tex-mex' is hard to find in philly that isn't pretentious or 'over-traditional' ( I dont like tripe tacos).Ive been so excited to try this place, the reviews are great and it's close to home. The reviews on the nachos did not disappoint, they are amazing! However, the service was poor. I was a server for a few years in college so I know it can be a stressful gig. It took a little longer than I would expected to receive our entrees. I didn't mind because the nachos were that good. When the food came, out server brought me the wrong meal and when I told her she made it seam like it was my fault and was mad at me for making more work for her. The restaurant was not busy, but it took 30 minutes to get the correct order (chicken tacos). The server did not apologize for the wait or the mixup, but she did acknowledge she entered the wrong order in the first place. 
To sum it up amazing good, not the best service.Food was amazing! I'd recommend the chicken enchiladas and beef brisket tacos. Service wasn't very good- we had multiple different waitresses coming to our table and it was kind of just a free for all. they all seemed too busy to really focus on anything. Our food was timely, hot, and delicious so we would probably go back again.Los Camaradas is our absolute favorite go-to happy hour/dinner spot in the neighborhood. The nachos (especially with short rib or chorizo) are, in my opinion, STILL the best in the city. Fantastic tacos, good draft list, and their mezcal drinks are my favorite. I tell everybody about Los Camaradas if they are in the Graduate Hospital and SW Center City area. We love you, Los Cam!!I went to Los Camaradas with one goal and one goal only: to try the nachos. I headed to the restaurant with one friend around 7pm on a weeknight. We were seated instantly, and our drink orders were taken within five minutes of arrival. The drinks (and then food) arrived promptly. I tried the short rib nachos and a margarita, my friend got the ceviche. 
While the margarita was definitely worth the price (just strong enough, mixed well) and the ceviche was incredible, I was unfortunately underwhelmed by the nachos. The queso and crema made the chips soggy, and the pickled veggies didn't add much to the fish. the short rib was plentiful but somewhat cold. However, I think it is fair to say that the nachos weren't necessarily *bad* - all things considered I quite enjoyed them and for the price point they were right on par with a normal restaurant. However, given the rave reviews from others, I had expected more. 
That being said, I would gladly return to Los Camaradas to try out more of their menu. The waitstaff was professional, the drinks were good, and the atmosphere was nice. Definitely worth a second try!I'm really torn on this place.  Its a neighborhood joint and I truly want to see it succeed!  I think their margaritas are great so no complaints there.  I have enjoyed their chips and salsa and guacomole quite a bit.  I have ordered 2 entrees there, however, and was not impressed with either.  I first ordered the mahi mahi tacos and they were just ok.  There was no sauce and overall the dish was very dry.  The second time I went I got the vegetarian enchiladas and didn't like that at all.  I will say my boyfriend got the pork belly tacos and really liked them.  I think the other thing that bothered us the last time we were there was the service.  We didn't get drinks until we were seated for at least 20-30 minutes and every step in ordering and getting additional drinks was a process.  I look forward to trying it again and having a better experience but for now I would say, A-OK.The bartender Beth was soooo nice and amazing drinks!! Ask for her if you are in! Nachos are awesome too!!! Beth was the best!!!I forgot how good this place was until I are at a Bucks County place with pretensions to good food and urban hipness. That said; this is probably a 4.5 star place, but seriously everything we ate and drank at our table of 4 was very good to excellent, starting with amazing nachos. Service was friendly and helpful. Noise levels (Sunday evening) were moderate and fine for conversation. Prices fair. Decor pleasant. Not the best in Philly, but a nice, neighborhood place indeed.Quick little history lesson--in the last 8 years, this location has been a host to AT LEAST 3 different restaurants before Los Camaradas came about, and they all sucked. And I mean really sucked. So to see Los Camaradas spring up here wasn't exactly the most exciting news for the neighborhood. I definitely wasn't the only one to think: "Gee, let's see how long this place lasts!" But little did this Graduate Hospital neighborhood realize what a staple Los Camaradas was about to become. 
If you want some really good Mexican food for a decent price, you should probably try this place out. But if you want to experience the best nachos you'll have in your entire life, you need to try their Nachos with Short Rib added. They're made with 3 different types of cheeses perfectly layered over home made tortilla chips, with a mix of black beans, crema, jalape単os, pickled red onion, and of course topped with a mound of short rib. I'm telling you--these nachos are life changing-ly delicious. Get after it. You won't be disappointed.All the food in the photos looked wonderful. Try those things: I do not recommend the salad. I wanted a Los Camarades Salad: artichoke hearts, corn, tomatoes, pepitas, tortilla strips, and field greens. This was more like warm lettuce with a spoon of corn and tomatoes in the bottom and perhaps 8 pieces of artichoke heart that were each as big a diced piece of tomato. ($9!). The dressing tasted like mayonnaise. So try the nachos, the ribs, etc., but the salads are not meal salads. I will go back and try the nachos since everyone seems to love them and they look fantastic. I intend to add some stars here.I was super impressed with the happy hour I went to a few weeks ago...and it happened to be taco tuesday as well! All types of tacos (such a huge variety!), 2 for $6 and the classic margarita was $5. I tried the special tacos of the day which happened to be pork belly with a lot of fresh veggies on top. I also tried a veggie empanada which wasn't bad. I do want to try the nachos next time since they're supposed to be amazing, as well as the other types of tacos & drinks! Would highly recommend this place for their happy hour! It's a good way to get to try their food at a much more affordable price than their normal dinner menu.This place was A-OK. It was a little on the pricey side for what you get.
Also we walked in at 2:20 pm ish on a Sunday and they still weren't serving lunch - only the brunch menu was available. We asked about this a few times and the waiter kept saying that "it's almost the same" even though when we finally got the menu, it wasn't. 
The complimentary chips and salsa were pretty bland and the salsa watery but hey it's free so that's a perk!
Despite being mostly empty I had to ask for water refills but the staff was really friendly.
Would be willing to eat here again as the fish tacos were yummy and I heard the brussel sprout veggie tacos were amazing, but didn't love my overall experience, esp since I paid almost $15 with tax and tip for 3 tiny tacos.This is a great neighborhood restaurant. I've been here twice and each time was pleasantly surprised.
Service is great. I brought my dog to sit outside and even he was happy with fresh water.
Appetizer portions are large.
Desserts are excellent.
Had margaritas last time and were tasty.
Looking forward to going again.The nachos were great, though I wasn't a fan of the main courses. However, our veggie quesadilla was unimpressive- too much cheese, outside not crispy, and the grilled fish tacos were dry and bland.Just left an early Mother's Day din here with my husband and two little ones. We all loved it! I had the Brussels sprout tacos without cheese or sour cream to make them vegan and they were fantastic. Oh I ordered a side of guac to put in it. Not needed but oh so yum! I got the grilled pineapple and jalape単o margarita and it was definitely spicy but jut unbearable. Also very delicious. Hubs got the fish tacos which he liked very much. We ordered the roasted cauliflower with pepitas and masa fries for our kiddos. They finished them completely.  Hubs had a mango margarita he loved. The waitress was super nice. Service was quick. Portions were great. We sat outside on a lovely evening. We didn't wait at all at 5pm on a Saturday but it started to fill up with locals by the time we left. Not a single complaint. We definitely will be back!This is my favorite, go-to local spot for food and drinks. I love their nachos and tacos options. The mezcal drinks are great too. Friendly staff and much better service than sidecar. I will say that the music choices are sometimes odd and appear to have no rhyme or reason to them. Listening to hipster indie seems a little wierd at a Mexican  spot but whatevs. I will continue to come for the amazing nachos!!First time here must say great time! 
Nachos well... just look what everyone else has said! AMAZINGLY DELICIOUS!!! Nice portion size also. Drinks were also great! Fresh and plenty of "taste" if you know what I meanEverything here was really tasty!
This is a nice and cozy spot in the neighborhood that has been really great each visit.
Not a super high end restaurant but great for a quick bite or happy hour with friends! 
The margaritas are on point and the NACHOS!! Man are they good! 
All of the ingredients are fresh. 
They menu can suit all sorts of dietary restrictions (from my experience)...
The customer service was pretty solid but out server was a little hard to get a hold of. It was a busy evening so I get it but they could have been a little better staffed. 
Looking forward to going back again soon!Nice decor, pork belly tacos were good but any good Mexican place needs to have carnitas.Friendly neighborhood mexi flav restaurant that did not disappoint on first try. Went on a Friday night with a solid group that was keen on SOB flavor. Since we are a loving group, we ordered the pork belly guac. I would say butter (pork belly) and butter (guac) go together quite well! Listen, if you get the tacos I would supplement meant it with beer and/or an app. I split the guac and had the carnitas tacos and it was plentiful. The tacos were exquisitely presented and blissfully marinated. Oh by the way, there was porter that was on tap maybe called High Steam??? or something. I do not know the exact name. It was amazing and if anyone knows the answer please reply!It hurts me to leave a bad review for Los Camarades, but they earned it from my last meal (8/1/18).  I live nearby, and have eaten here several times.  Its usually been pretty good, B+ to A...but they screwed up literally everything for us on yesterday's dinner.  1st off, the waitress was inaudible...you know the asian girl from Pitch Perfect who whispers everything?...that was our waitress.  You couldn't freaking hear her!  And its kinda loud in there...speak up girl!  Next, our drink order...wife orders a margarita...doesn't get asked if she wanted it blended, on the rocks, w/ sugar or salt.  I order a Corona.  I expect a bottle with a lime in it.  What I get is a can of beer!  What is this, a college frat party?  I have to go to the bar to ask for a glass.  The chips and salsa:  salsa was so-so, not as tasty as it normally is, but the chips have zero salt on them, and some on our plate are soggy!  Let me tell you, bland salsa and saltless chips are fairly gross.  We order the Nachos with brisket on top, the "Best in Philly" they claim.  Again, salt on the Nachos makes the dish tasty...we need salt to taste the vibrance of the flavors...so this dish was rather bland....and quite heavy handed on the crema if you ask me.  Just nowhere near as good as normal.  We order the brisket tacos...which come doubled up with corn tortilla shell.  The Tortillas were so dried out and stale that you literally couldn't bite through them, they were close to shoe leather.  You couldn't cut them easily with the knives provided either.  How long have they been sitting around??  This was gonna be our "cheat meal" for the week.  What a waste of calories!  Their quality control has really slipped.  There are way too many other good Mexican places around to waste my time here anymore.Chips and salsa on the table as soon as we sat down. Staff was super attentive. Fish tacos, soup, salad, and dessert was excellent! Welcome to the neighborhood.New place that took over the Strip Joint, and before that SoWe. This is the best version! We went on a busy Friday night with no reservation. Greeted at the door by two look-a-like ladies, who seated me and my husband immediately. We were intrigued by the 50/50 ration of one and five star reviews, and figured we would either love it or hate it. Guess what- it was a LOVE! Great house-made chips, good beer selection, excellent salad, and from what my husband said excellent pork belly tacos. Anyone going there and expecting large portions is an idiot. Serving sizes were completely appropriate. We listened to all of our extremely friendly server's advice and had the salsa trio (wow- that pineapple was fantastic) and had guac. Very worth it! It was hopping and we will be back. Thanks for that experience.I had the tacos de carnitas and my boyfriend got the tacos de pollo. Both disappointing because they were so oily (see pictures)! It was not a great eating experience as it got pretty messy. We both felt nauseous after the meal.Despite slow service while outside (it was as if they were completing one table's entire meal before assisting the next while the restaurant was completely empty indoors) their brunch items were good. Nachos with chicken were delicious. Bloody Maria's okay - bummed by no garnishes, taste was only okay. Chiliquiles were alright, the tacos were good.Bangin happy hour. Totally getting the nachos next time they look huge and awesome. Had the pork belly tacos and veggie tacos--both delish and $6 for happy hour portions. My marg hit the spot and $4 HH beers on draft made this an awesome stop for a belated cinco de mayo :)   
(I don't know WTF Is up with the one star reviews... Come here and help give this spot the Cred it deserves!)