Replaces the Inn @ Penn Italian restaurant and is owned by the same owners as White Dog Cafe. Good food and service. I'd visit more often but $47 for a burger and two beers makes this spot special event only.Went here for our anniversary. The duck beast was a little fatty. However the potatoes, mushrooms, and string beans with the sauce was pretty amazing. There is not only a lot of wine options but lots of variety. The chocolate parfait was awesome. Best salted caramel I've ever had. Best part however was the staff. Everyone was so nice. They handed us a card thanking us for spending our anniversary there which is such a cute thing to do.Very tasty. More French than Parc. Enjoyed happy hour then some very nice salads for dinner. French fries were great.Stumbled upon this White Dog sister restaurant in U. City and SO happy! It is fun, stylish and delicious. The food is French, with a modern flair - think escargots with baby ravioli. Get the bacon wrapped dates and ask your bartenders about the cocktails; they are all creative, beautiful and tasty.Salmon BLT sandwich was delicious!!! Piece of salmon was a little small though, somewhat excess bread. Lemon Aolli was perfect. The fries were a bit soggyI went here for Brunch on Saturday. We had late reservations that apparently was never accepted by the restaurant (via opentable). Nonetheless, we were seated immediately. I started off with a Bloody Mary which was not very good. For starters, it contained three separate liquors which should have been a giveaway. My next drink was the weekend warrior which was a sweet tea drink. It was a smooth drink but lacked the amount of alcohol I'd hoped. The bread was good and brought to our table. We had an appetizer but the name is escaping me. I tried the lobster and Brie omelet which was pleasant. They did not skimp on the lobster, but the Brie was not noticeable. The best part was the atmosphere and will cause me to return!Should really be the title of a 1950s song, for you are stepping back into French American food of the 50s when it was thought of as "fancy."  This is no place for vegans or vegetarians; this is the land of ham fried in butter stuck between two buttered fried pieces of bread.  Having pretty much no entree choices beyond an omelet, not even an entree sized salad (the usual refuge for the unimaginative chef faced with the scourge of the non-carnivorous), I ordered an appetizer, the onion tart.  The onion was worked to a fare-thee-well, no sign of its former self, and the flakey buttery crust was properly made, which is to say light, crisp, greasy and raspy to the tongue such that I soon lost my appetite for it has been so many years since I've had to eat such a thing.  The menu was uninspired; the acoustics were godawful--I mean, I couldn't hear the person across from me because everyone was talking very loudly to overcome the sound bouncing everywhere--so much for our business lunch or for intimate conversations.  The service was good; the decor was unexceptional. It's not a place I'll likely revisit.The food was outstanding, the service was top notch and the ambience was continentally sophisticatedLove the ownership here!! They treat patrons very well. Not to mention a spectacular happy hour!Delicious food and incredible service. Make sure to check out the happy hour! Bacon wrapped dates are a must- as are the mushroom toast and the lamb meatballs!A fun place , enjoyed the bartender , drinks ambiance of this place . Fun to hang out with friends and social gatherings.Highly recommend! Very unique, energetic spot. A bunch of highlights, but two stuck out to me. The service was amazing and hands down made the evening even better. The food was awesome- especially the menu. A plethora of options - all good. Again, highly recommend checking it out- I'll be back...Great spot for happy hour. Awesome drinks and appetizers. The watermelon mint martini was super refreshing and I also highly suggest the oysters and cheese board. The decor was gorgeous. Looking forward to going back again soon.Adorable ambiance, but food was extremely salty. Once you get over the salt, it was pretty good. Fries were limp and soggy, but the aioli they came with was delicious. Happy hour makes it much more affordable, but even only ordering from happy hour, spent about $40. I had the mushroom ragout, deviled eggs, fries, mint watermelon martini, and white sangria.We had a really nice dinner here and we had very good service. I would highly recommend ordering the nightly special which everyone loved! It is a great restaurant for special occasions or to just meet up with friends. My girlfriend is a vegan and found wonderful options.Right now, this is seriously one of the best happy hours in Philadelphia. The cocktails are great, as are the pan tomate and the arancini. The space is beautiful inside and out- I hope the happy hour deals stay around for a long time!From the bread to the lemon tart, this place had a fresh air to it.  I was by myself today and the server, Krystal, came over a few times to asked me how I found my selections and there was a genuine interest in my response.  The bread was fresh and the butter that accompanied it had a slight sweetness to it which I enjoyed as an accompaniment.  I was in the mood for the lyonnaise salad and bacon wrapped dates, both which did not disappoint.  The salad was an excellent blend of tart and smooth dressing and I had a wealth of additional flavors from bacon lardons that were mixed in.  The potatoes helped to round out this dish.  I loved the bacon wrapped dates with the crispiness of the bacon wrapped around sweet dates.  Both dishes were filling so I went for the lemon tart, which was a wonderful finish to a pleasant meal.Right outside of the University of Pennsylvania.  This is my first time here. Went for breakfast.  There is metered parking right outside.  Went for breakfast.  Breakfast menu is limited but good. We had the avocado toast and the yogurt with granola.Absolutely incredible! Newly opened, we found it during University City restaurant week.  The 1940s old Hollywood feel is lush, comfortable, and just superb, and I completely fell in love with the ambiance.  I was not disappointed by the food, from appetizer to desserts! A limited menu, I cannot wait to return for the full fare-- the five of us dined on a gazpacho- truly unbelievable delight to the palate, escargot, goat cheese aranchini, venison, salmon, chicken- and each was extraordinary. The wine and beer selections are wide, varied, and delightful!  Faye, our server, kept up smiling, and was a delight-- we tipped her generously as she was as much a part of our dining experience as the food itself!  ASK for Faye, you won't regret it!Friday evening, got in with no reservations, still the early days since opening. Service was great. It's a center city restaurant with center city prices that just happened to be located in West Philly. Based on prices, I assume the intended clientele is UPenn's visitors on department budget (interviewers/speakers), Wharton and Medicine folk, maybe parents. Too expensive for most students but it's nice to have a upscale venue like this too. Food was solid but nothing too adventurous. Lobster bisque that is poured ceremoniously at the table, duck breast cooked well but paddling in wine sauce just a tad bit too sweet, and disappointedly sinewy steak frites with undercooked fat. The steak tartare was good! All acceptable quality, just not particularly exciting. 
Will return again for happy hour.Delicious spot for brunch. I never get omelettes, but the wild mushroom omelette was perfectly cooked and came with the best, saltiest, crispiest homefries ever! Great selection of interest mimosa/bellini flavors. Goat cheese arancini was awesome, too. 
The decor inside was seriously out of a magazine. I couldn't stop oohing and ahhing over the tilework and furniture.Food was uneven.  Service was perplexing.   Overall overpriced.   The onion soup was unbelievably salty.  Almost inedible.  The beet salad, Scottish salmon and cod were good but not memorable and again overpriced.  When one of our party asked that no extra salt be added to her fish entree, they delivered it on a bed of salad rather than on the mashed potatoes as normal.  Without asking her in advance.  When one of our party asked if the bread could be warmed the server inexplicably said no.  Really?  So many good restaurants so little time.  Don't waste yours (and your money) here.The decor is great here, I'm bias when it comes to the music choice here since it's Motown nonstop. We came during happy hour; which to my surprise was amazingly priced. The appetizers were good but I think our choice of entrees wasn't that great, I got the veal & tuna which is veal sweet bread and tuna tartare. The sweetbread didn't have much flavor but was cooked perfectly, I might have added more capers into the tartare. My girlfriend got the mussels and frits which was pretty good. For apps we got the goat cheese Arancini, escargot, and pan con tomate with anchovies. Drinks are worth the price .. we will frequent for happy hour for sure and Want to Explore the menu.. for the first week of the restaurant being open; I think it's great 4/5 easily. The price is exactly what you should expect when coming to place like this. Thank youVery nice space with a comfortable lounge area. The service was impeccable. We were there just for small plates and we ordered a tuna tartar and a shrimp cocktail. Both were fresh and delicious. As an aside, I know shrimp cocktail has kind of an 80's feel however theirs was super fresh and the cocktail sauce was made correctly. I also had an espresso and, again, it was made properly. 
This space has been many things in the past but I hope they survive. We definitely will be back for dinner.My fiancé and I came in to celebrate our engagement. We started off with a couple cocktails (Watermelon Martini & Southside of Rockaway). Both were refreshing and delicious. We ordered the fried green beans as an appetizer. They weren't deep fried as we anticipated but were delicious with a nice balsamic reduction. For our entrées, she ordered the raviolis which came with a nice vegetable assortment mixed in and I ordered the Mussels & Frites. The mussels came with some lightly toasted bread that I liberally used for soaking up the delicious sauce. The frites were done just right and had a garlic aioli for dipping. We finished off the lovely evening with crème brulee.
The ambiance was fantastic and they gave us two complimentary glasses of champagne.  Nice new restaurant that had fair prices for the higher end food.Agree with the other reviews that it depends what you order if you'll be excited or disappointed. Steak tartar was over salty etc. but I continued to go for the ambiance. 
I just read another review from someone who is Asian who encountered discrimination here.Just ordered take out from here and it was excellent!  I order a lot of delivery in the city (I rarely cook for myself!).  I had the bacon wrapped dates, the chips and dip and the french dip.  I kept the chips for later, so no comment on those yet.  The sandwich was excellent.  The bread was great, but I didn't want to fill up on bread, so off it went for the all the good stuff in the middle. The cheese YUM!  The onion broth to dip in was full of flavor.  Now for the dates, whatever that sauce in they serve it in was sooooo good. May have to visit the restaurant now that I checking out on yelp and see how fun the decor is and the bar looks awesome. This is now in my book of places I need to visit.Excellent service, cocktails and detail-oriented food. The vibe was fun and clean and service was on point. 
The bacon dates were so good, the blue cheese sauce was amazing!  The beet salad was perfect and fresh and the meats were cooked perfectly. Don't miss out on the desserts...the lemon tart was perfection, as was the puff pastry with nutty/orange flavors. For a restaurant that just opened this month, they've got it down! Wtg to the entire staff from walking in and being greeted, kitchen, chefs, servers and runners. Thank you! We'll be back next time we're in Philadelphia.Louie Louie has outstanding decor, attentive service, and great food. I came with friends for drinks and they treated us so well that we decided to stay for dinner. The cheese plate was a real treat, as were the salmon, venison and trout. The roasted beets and carrots were also incredible. Would go back in a heartbeat.Yay another restaurant on campus that I can't afford! Yes, the food is delicious (I can only vouch for the fries and onion soup). Yes, the decor is cool (though a little blinding). Yes, the waitstaff was great. 
Unfortunately I can only afford to go here once a year due to the steep prices. Penn does not pay its employees enough to enjoy many restaurants and faster food choices on their own campus (they control most of the real estate and no doubt are involved in the launching of new businesses in said real estate). I can only assume this is meant to provide big bosses a place to hang out in private and to woo rich parents, donors, and other visitors. It's a bummer.Came here for an interview dinner and heard good things about this place that took over Penne not too long ago. Interior decor is quite clean and stylish with a European cafe open air feel. The bar is quite inviting with the lobby of the hotel (Inn at Penn) in the same room. Our waitress was extremely nice and attentive the whole night. We had a guest that had a garlic allergy and she was very accommodating by asking the chef about altering dishes. I started off with the Smoking Sazerac Redux. The presentation was exquisite with the bitters smoking around the upside glass. The glass maintained that smoking flavor as they poured the rye whiskey into the glass. Very smooth and smoky drink. We ordered the cheese board (you get to choose 5 cheeses from 7 options) which was a perfect size for four. We also ordered the yellowfin tuna tartare. Arranged beautifully and had a great citrus taste. My main dish was monkfish picatta where the fish was cooked perfectly onto green beans and a great citrusy and buttery flavor. My colleagues thoroughly enjoyed their short braised beef and duck. Overall, a great experience from drinks to entrees. Will be back for happy hour when I have to shell out my own cash ($$).Slow kitchen. This last time they were busy and ended up waiting more than half an hour for our brunch order.Ugh, this actually pains me.  I had high hopes for this spot and was the one that recommended it for a group meal.  Left the restaurant w my friends being pretty embarrassed since I was the one that chose this overhyped spot.  This restaurant is just AWFUL.  Like all-around blows. Lets start with the service.  Pretty much everyone we encountered from the host to the waitress just didn't seem to give a sh%t.  It was like we were intruding on them in their own private home.  When I said the name of the reservation the host must of not heard me and responded with "what?". Really? "What?"...WHAT are you 10 yrs old?  Learn how to hold an adult conversation.  This restaurant falls into the category of "instagram type restaurant" where it looks good in photos but thats about all thats good about it.  No substance.  No heart.  No real care to actually put in the effort but rather just to come off as if you do.  If you put half the amount of effort into actually caring that you do pretending that you care you'd probably not be getting so many bad reviews.  We sat down and it took a solid 10-12 minutes to get a drink order.  We got a few apps (lamb meatballs, burrata)...both nothing to write home about.  I had the burger that was bland and dry.  I can forgive a bad dish though.  I have trouble forgiving bad service especially service that seems systematically awful.  It wasn't just that we had a bad server.  Everyone was bad.  Not sure who runs this place but whoever is at the top needs to get a grip on this restaurant.  Overpriced, uninspired food with lazy, cold staff. I think the owners also own white dog which I actually like.  Not sure how they steered wrong with this spot.
AVOID AT ALL COSTS! So many better restaurants in Philly and around UPenn.Such a great new place in the city! We were a party of 10 and the service (Mike was our server) was amazing! The food was delicious and the drinks were fabulous! Not only did everything taste GREAT, but the presentation of the food and drinks were incredible (floating ice rose in the white cosmopolitan!)! The decor is so unique and just awesome! Our entire party loved it and will definitely be back!Nice ambience. Good food but not outstanding. The service is a problem. Upon entering the restaurant, we waited almost 5 minutes before anybody even said hello to us. There were 3 hostesses and for some reason they were all busy doing something at the desk. Once we were at the table, it took about 10 minutes for the waiter to show up. He took our drinks order, brought them to the table quick but then disappeared for 15 minutes . Finally, after taking our order, it took almost 30 minutes for the food to come out.  I did see other tables waiting for their food long time. We never got bread and butter which other tables did, even after asking twice. In all it  took 1 hour and 45 minutes for lunch. Not a good experience.This French bistro is amazing! The Art Deco atmosphere takes your breath away the second you walk in and the American-French menu tastes as good as it sounds. I've come here with friends and it's my go-to spot for Bumble dates! The staff's super friendly and interacted a lot with my date and I- will be coming back for future dates and brunch with my friends!Meretricious. 
Terrible service. Poorly executed dishes. Inflated prices. Avoid. 
Provincial food in a garish setting.Jason Sheehan needs to understand that Louie Louie deserves more respect then his review.  I have been fortunate to travel the world and have eaten in some some of the greatest restaurants in the world like Crissier in Switzerland near Lausanne with three Michelin stars chef Fredy Giradet at the helm.  Louie Louie is a nice place to go with a close friend for a romantic lunch or dinner.  It is like a modern version of Balthazar's in New York.  The food was good and the staff is more then willing to accommodate you if you are not satisfied with a particular dish.  The Steak Tartare needed less Dijon vinaigrette and if I ordered this again I would request this and it would have been delicious.  The Oysters were fresh, clean and moist.  The Lamb Meatballs are AMAZING! If your in Philly go to Louie Louie for this dish.Beautiful place, well decorated and very comfy, just like all the white dog cafes by the same owner. Food would have been excellent -- and got 4.5 stars if served properly hot. We ordered lobster bisque -- lukewarm at the best; duck burger -- very nice, but fries were cold!! And lamb meatballs -- okay but again, lukewarm at best. Very unsatisfying. Service was slow when we came last week; today we had yo wait for like 10 minutes for our waiter to show up, which could be because we changed table. Once he showed up, he was pleasant and attentive so no grudges. Later again waited a long time for him to come over so we can pay. Overall, felt the food was a silly let-down, and the service could definitely improve.I came here today with a friend for lunch. The place is very aesthetically pleasing. We got the chicken liver as an appetizer. It was just ok to me. I've had better, for I think $9, it came with 4 little slices of bread that made up to be 1 slice, maybe less. It wasn't practical to eat chicken liver mousse like that? Anyways, we asked for more bread and she gave us 2 actual slices, which were so much more practical but whatever. We also got the lamb meatballs which I thought were ok. I guess I like regular meatballs instead of lamb? For entrees, I got the Louie burger and my friend got the French dip. I don't know what I was expecting ordering a burger, but it tasted like any other burger. For $19, it wasn't worth it. Came with fries and they were ok. The French dip was pretty good, it was the best thing we ordered. That was a whopping $22. Dessert....we got the sundae, which took awfully long for some reason? It was $12. For like a scoop of ice cream and half a cookie and some brownie and chocolate. Our bill was $81. With tip, $100. For lunch. Yes, for lunch. I think the prices are a little too high for mediocre food. BUT I will say, the dinner menu looks good and I will probably come back. The prices for lunch are the same for dinner for some items. 4 stars for the nice service.Great place to have brunch on Sunday. I was here to take a rest from Penn museum, which I enjoyed throughout the day. The restaurant is 10minutes walk from the museum and connected with the cozy hotel and the seat is spacious. My friend and I enjoyed the atmosphere and the contemporary interior.Louie Louie was a good place for a casual brunch. The dining room and bar are very chic and provide great ambiance; the lights above the booths are absolutely lovely. The menus we were handed were big and off-brand for the interior of the restaurant, more similar to a chain restaurant menu. The food was delicious but a bit overpriced; it seems Louie Louie might be a better option for dinner than for brunch.
Two members of our party got the Signature Bloody Mary and thought the mixture of gin, vodka, and a third liquor was gross. The bellinis were fantastic, but then again, it's not too difficult to mess up a bellini. We started with the arancini which were delicious. My entree was the seafood benedict which was also great. We split the Paris Bret after which was good, but not to my personal tastes. 
I would conclude that this was a good casual brunch, but it didn't wow me.I went here for happy hour with some friends. The waiter walked past our table 3 times before acknowledging us, and then, once we got ready to get up and leave, he magically appeared to take our order! After 25 minutes of waiting and having him say he'd "be back in 5" it just can't be worth it.I was charged 10% tax and poorly treated by the waitress just because of our Asian faces and not fluent English??!!
I asked the waitress why it was 10%, and she showed innocent face and referred to her managers. Orally said, " oh I am sorry but I don't know." Manager came and said, " we can refund you $1". (Yes, it was $50 dinner).
Food is ok if considering it was $35 fixed menu and $15 wine paring.
The service is terrible. So pissed off.
NEVER GO AGAIN!This is a cute cafe that we stopped at for breakfast. It must be very popular because the place was packed. The food was just ok, nothing special. I mean, to be honest, it wasn't far off from a Denny's breakfast, just in a much cuter place. Unfortunately, our service wasn't good. Our waitress was non-existent. I'm not sure it was her fault because she seemed to have too many tables. If people wanted to go again, I'd probably go. Would I pick to return? Probably not.General Manager Clark ,along with executive chef Greg ,have teamed up to provide the University City area with a wonderful lunchtime experience for me.Coming into the restaurant,I was immediately greeted by the hostess,the bartender quickly served me with water and a menu, and asked if I wanted put-in a drink order .For lunch I ordered the French Dip,which was piled on with flavorful prime rib with artisan cheese,accompanied on a baguette with black truffle mayo.To me this sandwich qualifies as my version of a"Philly Cheesesteak "!Strong 4-stars. 
Seated quickly.  Excellent short rib, filet, and ravioli. The drinks, wine selection and small appetizers of cheese and deviled eggs were also very good!  Attentive and sting bar staff. 
Why not 5 stars?  (1) Big burger ordered medium came out rare. It looked good when served and probably would  have been awesome if cooked more. (2) Out of the Squid appetizer and T-Bone (Saturday special) -- the two things I ordered. (3) No bar waiter. So if you sit in the comfortable chairs in the lounge you need to walk up and order drinks from the bar. 
It's VERY LOUD. We were fine with it, but if you are sensitive to it, I would skip --- and for this reason would probably not go with more than 4 people who want to all be part of the conversation.My husband and I ended up at Louie Louie after a downpour discouraged us from venturing out to the White Dog Cafe. Luckily, same owners, this restaurant was right down a staircase from the Inn at Penn. 
Yes, yes it's a "hotel restaurant". But it's a good restaurant, it doesn't need the captive audience. The decor is lovely and lively. The cocktails all sound good, I had the "south side of rockaway". For appetizers we both had soup, hubby had the lobster bisque and I had the French onion soup, good flavor on both. For the mains we had the mussels and frites and the duck burger. The frites were great, crispy and crunchy. My duck "burger" was chunks of confit duck leg and Brie with a sweet sauce. It was really good, delicious. The mussels were in a nice broth and came with dipping bread. We split the lemon tart for dessert and it was a nice tart palate cleansing finish. 
Side note: they have more than a half dozen various types of seating. It all goes together though! There are three colors of banquets, wooden chairs, three different love seats, way more arm chairs. I got a kick out of that. My husband dragged me away before I got to play musical chairs in their lounge area. 
Anyway, I call this a solid option.Louie Louie never disappoints! Their cocktails are fabulous and pair so well with their many delicious appetizers to choose from! Every time I come they raise the bar higher and higher and I leave happy. The decor is absolutely beautiful and it's just an all around comfortable, welcoming establishment to be in. My go to spot to impress my guest!Have been twice - excellent both times. Lunch about a month ago was Branzino and cod almondine - both great.  Last night was the duck and the lamb stew.  Amazing!  Can't wait to take my friends when they visit Philly.I went here for lunch today. It was in walking distance of the hospital. (I recommend families at the local hospitals stop in here and grab a nice meal). It is a little on the pricey side. 
I arrived just a little after 11am. The place was totally empty. Within the hour. the entire restaurant was packed full of people. Groups upon groups of people just kept pouring in. Majority of them had reservations. It became extremely loud in there rather quickly. 
This place is just soooo cute. I really like the charm of it all.
I sat at the bar. I met the nicest bartender, ever, Kat. I ordered my drink and lunch right at the bar. I ordered lamb meatballs. Mmmm they seriously the best. I wish I didn't put salt on before I actually tried them, because I made them way too salty. 
The portion was decent. 
I will for sure be back and I look forward to their dinner menu. 
Once again, amazing amazing amazing service. Thank You!!I tried Louie Louie on a weekday for dinner and it was packed! I loved the interiors and ambience of this place. I also have to mention this place seems really friendly towards to social media influencers! The night I went there were 4-5 Philly influencers having a group photoshoot! 
The food here is really good! I got the Tomato Bruschetta, Butternut Squash Ravioli, Apple Crumble Pie, and the Watermelon Martini. The Tomato Bruschetta with Pepper was just perfect and surprisingly flavorful in a good way! The Butternut Squash Ravioli was not filling but it tasted really good however I do have to mention it was cheese ravioli with a butternut squash dressing. The Apple Crumble Pie was a little too sweet for my taste. The Watermelon Martini was amazing they made with fresh  juice. 
I definitely will be going back again specially for the drinks!! I think it is fair to say that this place is expensive! It's a good first date spot too if you're trying to impress!!Went here for happy hour and ordered four different small plates & a cocktail with a friend. Surprisingly reasonably priced with delicious food  The interior was so modern & old fashioned at the same time. Wonderful place to go with friends for happy hour. Excited to go back for actual dinner!I've walked by this place on numerous occasions, but never had a reason to walk inside. When a friend wanted to have a birthday brunch here, I gladly obliged out of curiosity. I scouted out the menu (as one always should before the first visit to any restaurant) and was excited to try Louie Louie's take on some classic Americana. The whole process from check-in to receiving our food was smooth and uneventful, which is the way it should be. The food arrived and mostly everything was delicious, although nothing in particular is worth writing home about. My only gripe was that our order of truffle fries came out lukewarm. We mentioned it to the waiter when he came by to check on our meal and he graciously offered to switch it out for us. Unfortunately the replacement order came and the fries were not only still lukewarm, but also very overdone. It wasn't overdone in the way that fries get when they're left in the fryer for too long, they were just unusually hard... It was almost as if the kitchen just popped the fries we sent back into the oven to heat up and then forgot about them under the heat-lamp for a few minutes. Is it too much to ask for piping hot fries? If McDonald's can do it and only charge a measly one dollar and change, then so can you.
Overall a solid experience. The service was attentive, the atmosphere was cute, and the food was decent. Would I come back? Yes, I'd be happy to if someone else wanted to try the place, but I wouldn't go out of my way to dine here. Would I order the fries again? No. Maybe the third time is the charm, but I'd rather take the $8 and go to McDonald's.Expensive, but fantastic ambiance, beautifully decorated, good service, and overall a fun experience! 
For brunch/lunch I'd recommend the Ratatouille Omelette, the Warm Monkey Bread, the Truffle Fries (the portion on these is so big it feels unending!), and the Avocado toast. 
For dessert I'd recommend the creme brûlée. 
And for happy hour/small plates I'd recommend the Goat Cheese Arancini and Lamb Meatballs though be warned that the portion sizes are all tiny (see photo)!
Overall, be prepared to spend a lot here but it's a great spot for special occasions and group celebrations!One of my favorites happy hours EVER! The decor, drinks + mini bites all come together for an incredible experience!! Ever time I have to schedule a meeting or a wine down with friends I suggest coming to Louie Louie. P.S. I can't explain it but I'm super obsessed with the deviled eggs!love this place. great atmosphere--large, many seating areas, couches and fire places in addition to bar and restaurant. wonderful staff and service--and great truffle fries and music!!Location is perfect (for Penn visit).  Food is decent. Staff are friendly.  Noise is unbearable.  We didn't even stay for dessert because we couldn't wait to get out of the place.  unlikely for us to return unless the noise issue is fixed.Super cute! Food is alright, and very pricey. I went on a Sunday and they were out of a lot of menu items. 
Very friendly staff but I expected more based on what I read.happy hour here
is 
amazing!
You can choose to sit by the bar or in their spacious lounge area. The food was wonderful - I loved everything we ordered: 
+ bacon wrapped dates (bacon was crisp, dates just melted in my mouth. They're served with a delicious creamy sauce. Definitely my favorite item of the night) 
+ goat cheese arancini (normally not a huge fan of goat cheese, but loved the subtle flavor here) 
+ lamb meatballs (the meat paired really well with the polenta it was served with) 
Their version of the Moscow mule is wonderful. I've had brunch here as well, and while that didn't particularly stand out to me, I definitely recommend coming here for happy hour!When the wretched Penne closed, Louie Louie sprung forth like a hope of spring in the middle of winter. And visually, it is. But, I am afraid, that's where its charms end.
The restaurant is aesthetically very pleasing, but the menu is very limited and overpriced. The food is tasty, but nothing to write home about. The service is fabulous.
We were at the restaurant after the semester wrapped up, and there were not that many people there, and yet it was so loud that we could not hear each other.
The bistro layout means there will be strangers sitting uncomfortably close to you, so don't plan any intimate conversations if you are dining here.Finally a bottomless that doesn't hold back! We went here for brunch and they had amazing food and amazing wait staff. Usually i feel like when restaurants have bottomless they don't come around as often or skimp out on drinks but not here you really are getting a big bubbly mimosa everytime. The food was incredible and overall a great atmosphere! My new fav spot.Service was excellent, even almost perfect. We sat outside in the patio. Despite it being 30 whatever degrees outside, the heaters made it warm and cozy. The fries were really yummy and perfectly seasoned. The egg white omelet was simple but delicious. The french roast was a little weak, but it was still good. Great place overall.Damn! What a beautiful beautiful space! The light fixtures, the seating, the mirrors, the textiles, and the BAR! Just gorgeous. I tried both gin cocktail and the cheesy mushroom salad appetizer. Everything was fresh and tasty. 
We stayed a while to admired and discuss the decor. I'll be back to try more cocktails and the lobster bisque.Just had an amazing brunch at Louie Louie!  Could be one the best brunch meals I've ever had - so fresh and tasty! Previously been here for happy hour and loved the decor, ambiance and the extensive wine list. Highly recommend!We always have an absolutely wonderful dining experience at Louie Louie! Our server was lovely, and the food was delicious. It's a casual spot but you can dress up as well.Louie Louie is the perfect special occasion restaurant.  It was an ideal place to take my parents when they were in town visiting; it's a comfortable experience with great service, excellent food, and strong drinks.
The decor is really cool.  Would not recommend the bone marrow appetizer, though, unless you know what you're getting into, but that was my bad. I wanted to feel cool.Louie Louie is a great place in the area if you're looking for great brunch or lunch. I never had dinner there but from my experiences with their brunch and lunch it's pretty good! Im a huge foodie so that says a lot. They very rarely change their menu but they do have different specials of the day. Definitely worth trying outtl;dr a chic Parisian bistro with impressive decor, but the flavors are sadly lacking for the price point
Situated at the Inn at Penn, Louie Louie embarked on the bold journey to provide upscale food to the University of Pennsylvania. This location was previously occupied by Penne, which was in all respects the worst restaurant on Penn's campus for some time. Despite Louie Louie having been open for nearly a year, I only just recently had the chance to visit for a work-sponsored event.
Louie Loiue sports an unmistakably Art Deco interior, with lofty ceilings and a checkered marble floor. Our large party was seated in the semi-private Rosé Room. The bubblegum pink walls were decorated with tastefully tarnished mirrors and tile-work, beneath an enormous avant-garde chandelier. The marble tables were surrounded by vibrant yellow and coral upholstery that felt straight from the '70s. Service was warm, but perhaps a bit spotty -- I had to flag down a waiter a few times to refill my water.
We were offered a prix fixe menu, and I decided to get the Lamb Meatballs and the Trout Amandine. Just like the restaurant, the food was impeccably plated. But the taste itself left plenty to be desired. The meatballs were well-cooked and served beneath with a flavorful tomato sauce, but the polenta was bland and the olives felt like an afterthought. Meanwhile, the trout was served in an old-style pan with keen attention to detail, but the almond flavors never materialized beyond the smattering of sliced almond, and the green beans and tomatoes fell flat. Our meal was finished off by a trio of bite-sized cakes -- chocolate, red velvet, and cheesecake -- but none particularly stood out.
While nothing bad about the experience, I don't think that any of the dishes I had are worth the prices -- my total, if a la carte, was in the range of $50! If you're looking for a nice restaurant in the University City area, White Dog Cafe would have my vote over Louie Louie any day.I just love this restaurant and their happy hour is great! Very busy but the ambiance is so worth it. Their brunch is fabulous as wellNot really a good one!!! 
The food is not that good. 
I had brunch with my friend there.... the price is high, the food is kinda not fresh. 
Basically, you can skip it. 
Btw, the coffee is not good either. So ... period.This is my favorite happy hour spot!
The only reason I don't give 5 stars is because the service can be kind of spotty. I've been left with an empty water glass and dirty plates for a while waiting for someone to clear it off until I have to ask. 
The food and the prices are great though! I wouldn't come for dinner, but happy hour is a steal! Full three course meal with multiple rounds of drinks for two for under $60?! That's awesome! The food is GREAT too!!
I always get the burrata, which is more of a salad with burrata and bread on the side, but it's great. The cocktails are awesome as well. Absolutely 10/10 for drinks.
I would absolutely recommend, even though the service isn't amazing.I have been here many times and can confidently say that I really enjoy this restaurant. Their eggs Benedict is delicious.. not too salty and not to bland but just right. Their lamb stew also gave me a mind explosion because the flavors were so well anal fed, the lamb was so tender, and the veggies were well made too. The lamb bolognese I had here before also was made to perfection. Their burgers also look delicious. Lastly, I've tried their deconstructed apple pie with ice cream dessert and it was SO good. Overall I highly recommend this place as not only is the food worth raving about but the restaurant itself is the most beautiful one in the area and the waiters and waitresses are all extremely kind and give great recommendations!Loved the decor. Food was very mediocre. 
We had the 
Oyster Rockefeller 
Bacon wrapped dates
Escargot 
And the baratta
The only part we enjoyed was the bread basket. Honestly skip the rest. I appreciate a restaurant trying to put their spin on classics but it was just a fail all across the board. And pricey for small dishes.I love coming to Louie Louie for brunch! It's a great spot for any group-- from families to friends. The interior is brightly colored and upscale. The restaurant is attached to the inn at Penn and there's no barrier between the bar/waiting area and the hotel lobby, which was also updated to be more colorful when they opened. 
The wait staff are always super attentive and I've never had an issue with getting seated or service. Sometimes the kitchen can get a bit backed up and food can take a while to come out. But when it does, it's AMAZING. If you like sweet brunch definitely go for the cheesecake French toast. If you like savory, try the country breakfast. Their mock tails are also pretty good! 
They've made a few changes to their menu over the past few months (I loved their old avocado toast! I have yet to try the shrimp one) but either way everything is delicious. Definitely a great spot!Had brunch there and it was great! The restaurant itself is beautiful - really nice setting - and the food was delicious. Service was also great, from our server to the manager who checked in, too. Finally, we were doing an informal celebration for one of our friends who is expecting and they left us a nice congratulations note on the table. Will definitely be back to try dinner.We popped over for the bar first for a happy hour drink before sitting down to dinner.  The bartender took almost 10 minutes to serve us.  So we could only get one and cash out.  She was preparing drinks for people at tables but also choose to refill drinks of already drinking customers and take her time getting to the new patrons.   Happy hour drinks were very reasonable and the food was every bit worthy of the $$$ advertised on yelp. Wait staff was very friendly and prompt. No issues on a Monday night other than the slow bar.I had exceptional service from Brian B. yesterday!! I'm in NYC but my bestie was celebrating her birthday at Louie Louie, so I wanted to do something special for her. I called to send her some champagne and Brian was so helpful and made sure she had a big surprise. Thanks Brian and I can't wait to come to town to have another great experience.Was here on the Penn Campus for five days for an educational program and came here twice for a few reasons:
1) it was close by where I was staying
2) I needed strong drinks and this place has excellent cocktails
3) the bartender Preethi is amazing!  Seriously, if you go there, ask for her.  If she's not working, politely hand the menu back to the bartender on duty, then calmly turn to leave, but make sure you turn over a nearby table in a rage on the way out!
Seriously, you'd never know this was a hotel bar/restaurant.  The bar is great, the lounge area is super cool and it has a chic, fun feel without being too snobby about it.
Big fan...I'll be back when I'm back in Philadelphia!Great find in UC. Finally a good restaurant in this space. Trout delicious - will be back for the burger. Drinks excellent. YES