I ordered a Philly cheese steak since I was in the Philly airport. I was able to order using the iPad tablet at the counter. You can also gets drinks from here and pay. My drink came out right away, food shortly followed. The Philly cheese steak tasted good, but it didn't take long to get cold with the airport AC. The Philly could have used a little bit more steak, onions, peppers, mushrooms, and especially cheese. Overall I have to say I wasn't impressed. My Jack and Coke was great, which it should be for $10, but that's what you get for airport prices.We were in PHL for a few days visiting friends/family, but with the rain and the hectic schedule, we didn't find time to get an authentic cheesesteak during our visit UNTIL we were leaving and found Love Grille at the airport just outside our gate. 
To be honest, I've only had a handful of cheesesteaks in my life (and most on the West Coast), so I don't really know what a super good one should taste like. But having no expectations, the cheesesteak here was pretty tasty.. but it didn't knock my socks off. Also, the self ordering tablets at the counter weren't that user friendly (someone had started an order at my seat and left, so I tried to clear their order before I started on mine and the tablet was unresponsive and took me a few minutes to get it done after maneuvering through several screens). But lastly, I just didn't feel right about paying close to $15 for.. a sandwich. I get that prices at the airport are marked up, but for that price, it should at least come with a side.2 Stars only because the roast beef (short rib) on my sandwhich had a good flavor, but it took 30 minutes (with only a 40 minute layover) to get one to-go order of one fry and one sandwhich meal. I had no idea it was going to take even close to that long otherwise I would have said, forget it. 
Saw at least 4 people cooking, but definitely taking their time even though the line/orders were growing. Urgency is not in their vocabulary. The counter girl had a terrible attitude and kept throwing dirty looks to the customers ??? Uhhhh, I'M not the one taking so long to do my job. 
People had no clue they were supposed to pay in the corner of the store, self serve kiosk? How WOULD they have known that? Usually you pay at the counter 99% of the time, not in a random back corner (with no room to set any other items you may want, fyi).
Order finally came out with no toppings at all on my sandwhich (was supposed to have peppers, onion, and mushrooms, duh, it's Philly) and the fries were soggy and smashed. 
Let someone else run this grille please. Your customers will thank you for it. $16.40 not worth it this time around.Gross veggie burger. Thick and mushy. Disgusting. Waste of $12.  Fries were good but cold.Ten bucks for a sammich is crazy- and no, I don't believe that being in an airport is any excuse for this kind of pricing.  To it's credit, the sammich was very filling and tasty.
But my bigger gripe is with the customer service at the corporate entity behind this place.  And if you buy food at PHL, you will be dealing with this company.
Lots of travelers are business-travelers.  Business-travelers need to submit expense reports, and expense reports need to be backed-up by receipts.  LOVE grille doesn't do paper receipts, but they offered to email me a receipt.  This is cumbersome and time-consuming, good thing there wasn't much of a line to check out!  But it gets worse.  I never received my receipt.  A few days later I called the customer service number and was greeted by several minutes of soft-music hell. Then the rep with whom I spoke didn't seem very compassionate, and wasn't very sympathetic as she grilled me about the exact time of my purchase.  Eventually I was told that management would get a report of my request, but never told that I would receive a receipt.  I am pleased to report that the receipt was emailed to me within fifteen minutes after my call, but the total amount of time invested in the process, translated into the rate at which I earn a living, be worth less than what the sammich cost.
Next time I need a bite before leaving PHL, I'll hit the drive-through on the way to the airport.Crazy expensive for a burger, and drinks will break the bank.  Go to Legal's and get better food and value. 
.I love the technology based approach to ordering and service. Very cool. My Philly cheesesteak omelette was good, but created a little strange. At first I thought they forgot the cheesesteak but it turned out all the veggies were at one end and meet at the other. Was half way through before I realized. Could have used more provolone but otherwise a good omelette.Great concept lousy execution. 18 minutes for a basic breakfast sandwich to go doesn't work at an airport.Got to the airport early was wanted to watch a game on a TV. Came up and asked the server if she could change the channel and did so with no hesitation. 
The have about 8 seats at the bar and two rows of seating in front. This place is different that you order your food and drinks directly from the iPad on the table. The order of process is easy and shows great pictures of the food. They even have power outlets on the table 
I ordered the cheesesteak and it was excellent! Great size sandwich and full.So...i chose this restaurant because of the bright lights, name & bar. The waiter, 1st day on the job, was VERY knowledgeable & informative. He recommended the cheesesteak.  So was my 2nd waiter...great drink recommendation! My food was delayed.  The girl that arrived & ordered after me recd her food before me.  It was about 12-16 mins. I was comp'd a dessert for the wait which was appreciated.  My cheesesteak & fries came out...looked delicious.  I tried a fry. It was luke cold.  I hate cold fries.  The waitress apologized & brought hot fries but could hear the cook questioning her "what was cold?"   He looked at me for acknowledgement...I gave him . About 1/4 of the roll on both sides didn't even have any steak & I had 2 search for the cheese.  The waiter came by and asked how my cheesesteak tasted.  I showed him a crispy burnt piece of ribeye.  He took it in his hand & showed the cook. I packed up the 2nd 1/2 of my sandwich to-go and proceeded 2 my flight. All in all the service was excellent, my drink was on point but my meal definitely WASNT worth the $15-$17 I paid for it (up front).  I could've eaten at Genos or a different restaurant for less than $42 bucks I spent.Besides the service, which is good, perky and attentive- this place blows!!!! Overpriced, the food we got was terrible, floppy fries, flaccid calamari- gross!  For over $60, a total rip off :(You have to order using screens. This is a great idea at a gas station, terrible idea at a sit down restaurant. If at a restaurant I want to first order a drink, then an appetizer, then think over what entree I want. I also want to talk to server for recommendations. Here I have to order all at once and pay up front ruining the experience of the meal. 
Also from a business stand point having to pay up front and taking the interaction between the servers and customers away seems like it would lower transaction per table. 
I am at this airport more than once a month, and until the remove the screens I will avoid terminal b for dining.I saw the black bean burger, my favorite type of burger when done right, and knew I had to order it. I'm so glad that I did! It was so good and fulfilling! The avocado and tomato combo was superb! All of the veggies were fresh. 
You can see the grill when you order to go, and I like to see my food being prepared. The food came quickly. 
I order on the iPad, which was easy to use. There high tables/chair at the front of the restaurant with plenty of chargers to charge your phone or laptop. The only downside is that the chairs are nailed down so it was hard for me to get my luggage under the table and out of the way. 
My waiter was very helpful and moved quickly.Eat somewhere else unless you like to wait a LONG time for sub par food.  When I arrived there were only 2 other people present.  Still took them 25 minutes to get me my food.  I ordered a fried chicken sandwich with fries.  This was the toughest piece of chicken I have ever eaten.  As well, my fries were soggy and the cole slaw was unseasoned and tasted kind of bad... like rotten.  
I paid $24 for this lunch and a $4 coke.  Could have eaten at Annie Anne's across the aisle and had a much better experience for a lot less money.I was looking for something a little more healthy than the standard fare to eat for breakfast while waiting for my flight at the Philadelphia airport.  I got taken in by the iPad ordering and broad menu.  But, unfortunately, it was just pretty average.  Here is what I noticed:
- I ordered the spinach and mushroom omelette, and subbed out the potatoes for a salad.  They missed the substitution and I had to ask for it...when I got it, the salad ended up being the best part.  The omelette was reminiscent of college dormitory food days.
- The price isn't cheap...$18.45 for my meal (including a 15% tip).
Bottom line: Still probably better than the bagel and/or donut options elsewhere, but I should have trusted my gut and just bought a yogurt and some fruit at the take out area.Brand new opened today. Very good food. I had the build your own omelette. The staff was very friendly and helpful. They took the time and patience to explain the iPad ordering and pay system for folks that didn't know what to do [like me]. It was a positive experience and helped make an extremely long layover not seem long at all. I would do this again if
 there, in Philadelphia airport Terminal B. Wishing them much success. They have a winning team and reasonable airport prices good food with healthy options.So during an already mediocre dining experience (even with standards lowered due to this being an airport) I was disgusted when I discovered a  raw, slimy Center in my chicken sandwich. Like one of the worst things that can happen when you're eating. The waitress said sorry and asked if I wanted another or a refund. I didn't want anything else from that kitchen. We emailed the manager who then refunded me but as far as handling the situation it left everything to be desired. Absolutely terrible.I saw the reviews on yelp as I sat down and saw how much my drink would cost. $16! I hoped the taste would be really good!
As mentioned in the reviews, this place is super pricey! Now its not that I mind paying 16 bucks for a drink or for an appetizer.. i have paid such and even more in the past... while visiting Michelin 3 star restaurants in SF and NYC.. but what I mind is the tastelessness of the food especially when I am paying so much. 
I had a bell martini and a calamari... calamari was so bad @$16, i had better for $6 at a local diner last week.. bell martini was decent and placed in a small glass up to the brim.. it looked and tasted nice so apart from the quantity, no other qualms.
This place earned 2 stars due to the big collection of alcoholic beverages, classy cocktails and polite and attentive servers. The techno touch of ordering food on ipad and getting it delivered on table didnt do much for me as the tastlessness of the food caused the review to fall flat on its face.
Might repeat only to try out a fancy cocktail or a nice scotch, bourbon at an airport..Quick fast Philly cheese stake !!! Lots of other food choices but had to get this while I'm in philly !!! Good service and happy people ! But only one thing is no cash ! But it's okay this things happen ! Jet lag got me woooozyyyyBrought me the wrong breakfast sandwich and returned less than 3 minutes later with cold undercooked sausage.Just go knowing that everything will cost an arm and a leg. 
This grille and bar has your standard typical flair of airport food from burgers, random sandwiches, salads, etc. When I eat at airport restaurant, I already realize that I will be overcharged so I do not have a big issue with the prices of food and drink. For my layover, I had the jumbo crab cake sandwich and it was amazing for airport dining. The sandwich was pretty huge and chopped full of crab meat. I have to admit that I was expecting a flimsy crab patty after ordering the sandwich, but I was pleasantly surprised that this was not the case. 
The service was pretty prompt and the iPad setup made ordering a breeze. The iPads were very clean . . . often the iPads are encrusted with old food and nasty grease at other unnamed airports. It seems that these iPads are cleaned very often. The wait for the food was pretty minimal, as I received my beer and food under 20 minutes. 
One big tip: double check your orders before submitting it. For many of the beverage, the larger (i.e. more expensive) option is the default. I thought $16 for a beer was crazy expensive, but it came out in a HUGE stein. I asked the waitress about the size, and she told me that you have to select the smaller option. Kind of sneaky, because most bars serve only one size of beers and cocktails, so one would not expect a smaller option. However, I did not mind too much, because I like to drink beer, so it was A-OK in my book. Also, order systems puts in a default gratuity, so double check your bill before submitting your order.Surprised as to how expensive my glass of wine was. Not even a true pour. If you're hungry get some food, but get water to drink... what a waste.Had a short layover in Philly and wanted something to eat. I saw LOVE Grille and thought it was a cute spot.
The people working there answered all of my questions, gave me clear instructions on how to pay (separate register) and made my food well! For my first Philly cheesesteak in Philly I was pleasantly surprised because sometimes airport food can be blah. Fries were crispy and hot. I almost saved half of my sandwich for later but I couldn't wait that long haha.I'm so disappointed. I know airport food can be hit or miss but let me dive into why this was a complete miss. The disconnected experience was off putting from the start. I chose to sit at the bar and there and iPad right in front of every seat. I thought it might just be the menu but the bartender asked me you know how to order, right? How would I? I made my selections and chose a glass of red wine and calamari. I got my glass of wine quickly and so after my calamari arrived. I've had a lot
Of calamari and it's one of my favorites. This calamari was so awful. Definitely over cooked and impossible to chew. I only managed to get a few pieces down before I realized it wasn't just one or two it was the whole plate. I stopped eating it and after a while the bartender came by and asked if it was all okay. I let them know about the calamari and she kindly offered to take it off my check. I wasn't a fan of the touchscreen ordering and bad calamari.I don't write many reviews but definitely felt like I needed to after my visit today. I had an amazing experience at Love Grill. It's a snowy day in Philly with many in a bad mood due to the inconvenience of the bad weather. However, staff was exceptionally friendly and attentive and food was good. I had my breakfast to stay, and as soon as I sat down at an iPad to order, the server brought me water and silverware. I had a spinach and mushroom omelette with a side salad and coconut oolong tea with lemon. The tea came out in a French Press and was delicious. 
Overall, I was impressed with the setup of the restaurant, food and most of all the staff. If I had one comment for improvement it would be that the portion size is smaller as compared to the pricing, but that's eating at the airport :) Highly recommend.If I could give it no stars I would. Where do I begin. Overpriced, peppery cheesesteak that was subpar. 1st attempt at a burger was RAW, 2nd attempt, they said it was medium ... still gushing blood. Don't stop.. keep going.$20 for a burger, fries, and water. After I paid I was a little skeptical because of the airport price but once the food came out I was very surprised. Generous portion of fries and the burger was HUGE. I'm from the Atlanta area and I've never had a burger like this one. To this day it's one of the best burgers I've ever had. The burger patty was cooked perfectly and it had tons of flavor. Giving it 4 stars because I still feel like $20 is a bit much but still VERY good quality.
Edit: I'm now seeing that some of the negative reviews have to do with the wait time, but I maybe waited 10 minutes for mine. Not sure if I was there at a good time but no qualms here about how long I waited.For airport food, this place was decent but a little pricey. The iPad ordering system worked fine (and the ipads weren't crusted in food like the Newark airport). My hubby and I both got the cheesesteak and fries, which came out quickly and tasted great!Plenty of charging stations but the food and drinks are overpriced.  I got a piece of chicken that was unrecognizable and now feel sick to my stomach.  Also got a Bloody Mary but it seemed really weak.  You're better off going to the food court and finding an outlet or camping here and just ordering a beverage.  I do not recommend the food.Tried the cheesesteak here based on a recommendation from the ticket agent that checked me in. It didn't disappoint. Quick service, good food. Much better than the food court.Not happy stoped to buy an apple $1.50 ok expensive 
But what I expected then I paid in cash and was told sorry $2 when I asked why I was " told they did not have change and I usually don't take cash"
This is one of the most ridiculous things I've ever heard not what I want visitors to my home town to hearThe waitress was great, smiling, helpful & attentive.  The food was average, at best.  Overpriced, but unfortunately what is now expected at most airports.  Also with their electronic menus and ordering, I never saw the check or received a receipt.  I'll probably look for other options next time in Philly.Good eating spot at the Philly International Airport.  Got a free cup of water while I waited for my carry out.  How often do you get anything free anymore?  In an airport?  That's a liquid over 4 oz?  See?  I thought not.
The food was ok and reasonably priced for an airport so all in all, a solid 3 star experience.Great breakfast...LOVE everyone here especially Royce & Melissa!! Comfy seats & nice to relax before the flightGOOD PHILLY CHEESESTEAK, BUT DRINKS ARE A RIP OFF
=================================================
DETAILS:
=======
Lunch with my son and husband on Saturday, August 10, 2019.  
FOOD:  2/5 STARS
===============
The cheesesteak sandwiches were good, but at a cost of over $10 each they were overpriced.  The fries were soggy too.  I ordered a Bloody Mary with an extra shot and that was over $20.  They didn't even fill the glass up.  
SERVICE: 2/5 STARS
=================
You order at the kiosk at your table and it isn't user friendly.  I kept trying to figure out how to change or close my order.  Finally pressed the button and the server had a major attitude problem when she showed up.
AMBIANCE:  N/A
RECOMMENDATION
===============
I did not love Love Grille.Kat is the Best!  Great Service 10/10!!!!
Had a great Experience! If you are flying go here!I flew out of gate b1 today & I enjoyed every bit of my stay my watress mellisa was fantasic & the food was great so I wanna give props to the cook royce & also the wonderful cashier Sierra. . Thanks I will be back soon !!!Horrible service i waited 20 min for a cheese steak to go (they weren't even busy) and i didn't even get it because they in that 20 min they didn't even start my order and i had to leave before i missed my flight and i didnt get a refund. Will never go there againMy husband and I had breakfast at this bar/restaurant while waiting for our flight in terminal B/C connector on 6/30/18 and were totally duped.  We were not accustomed to their ordering process which is solely via an I-Pad; however, we  ordered 2 cocktails and 2 entrees.  I told the bartender the device did not ask me about a gratuity - but that I would take care of it with cash.  She said "okay" and accepted my $10 bill for a $50 check.  It was only a few hours later when I received the email copy of my bill #102029, that I saw a $9.00 gratuity was added - but NOT by me!  I feel totally cheated that the server received a $19.00 tip for pretty mediocre service - and for being dishonest with me as well.  I have now completed 2 surveys asking for someone from their office to contact me - but have not received any correspondence.  Buyer BEWARE...... I can't believe they can get away with this kind of deceptive practice. 
Elizabeth K.Flew out of Philadelphia International Airport yesterday and had a great experience at Love Grille.  My witness Melissa was prompt and friendly, food was great.  After I bought some snacks at Cibo Bistro and the cashier Sierra was also pleasant and helpful.They make a solid cheesesteak. Go all the way with mushrooms, peppers, and all the cheeses. I wish they had a separate grill to cook the salmon, but the guys seemed to be doing a great job keeping the foods separated. My cheesesteak did not taste like fish, which is nice.Had breakfast at LOVE grill again this morning  and my Philly Cheese steak Omelette was delicious thanks to the cook Royce and great service from Melissa.DON'T EAT HERE AND EXPECT A RECEIPT. 
I was traveling for work and needed a quick bite. Even though the food came relatively soon, it was IMPOSSIBLE TO REQUEST A RECEIPT. I had to call OTG and request online. If you make TWO purchases, you need to make TWO REQUESTS. I also had to respond to an email...they don't have their technology straight and the iPads are a disgusting idea from a design perspective. Ruins opportunities for human interaction.Melissa and Royce were amazing this morning! Stopped for breakfast and Royce killed it on the omelette and Melissa was nice and attentive! Great people make flying early so much easier! Look forward to going to the airport againThis was supposed to be a nice place for a Philly cheese steak. Not, VERY skimpy meat on a $10 sandwich? Complete fail guys. Ordering and checkout awful. Enjoy!Ordered a breakfast sandwich, waiting for a plane, from the takeout window. After 10 min the order had not been started. The woman said that they were not 'fast food'. I guess that was accurate in that it took so long, yet with a takeout window, one would expect faster service! After canceling the order, they promised not to charge me, and I still received a charge which has to be corrected. Lots of choices at the airport. Better to go elsewhere.I had this place once and was over priced but it's the airport so whatever but tasted the food and it tasted reheated and the people were rude when asking for something as small as barbecue sauce. I recently went back because nothing else was open and I had a layover I tried my luck.... chicken was over cooked to the point it was rubber and it was warm. Mind you it cost 20$ for a chicken sandwich and fries.... I will never return to this shithole. It may be one of the worst places I have ever ate!!!!! Customer service deserves 1/10 at MOST. HORRIBLEThe move to fully self-service food at terminal B in PHL was at first a bit intimidating, but I'm convinced that there is a commitment by the LOVE Grille team to ensure that as travelers, we benefit from the improvement in food prep and quality that is provided when the investment is made in the kitchen instead of the cash register!  The food was good, the fact that there was a team member monitoring peoples' confusion and frustration, stepping in quickly to assist with the unfamiliar routine made it a great experience!  
I think this approach, when properly supported by engaged team members, will be a strategic and beneficial change in the traditionally boring airport fare!
Thanks for the great work LOVE Grille team, we as travelers will get more  savvy soon due to your assistance and the new model has great potential for the future!The Love Grill is the perfect example of. . . You are in an airport and we can do whatever we want. . . Because you are hungry. . . And you are in an airport!  We sat down and had to order everything by iPad.  Prices were high even by airport standards. $50 for breakfast sandwiches and coffee.  When you order you pay and include the gratuity before you even meet a person. I hate being told what to tip.  Suggesting I TIP 25% without even seeing or talk to anyone is assinine. One of the wait staff insisted on singing every song at the top of her lungs as "entertainment" that we did not want.  My sandwich bun was burned and the home fries had way too much salt.  The wife had a little better luck but still too salty.  I would try somewhere else.I had the burger medium rare with fries and a Moscow mule. Of course being inside the airport, the location is busy. The Moscow Mule was so so. Not at all what a traditional one should be with chipped ice and a copper mug.  This was in a regular glass with regular ice. Fortunately the burger was really good and juicy. It was cooked perfectly. My fries were barely warm but I was starving after being delayed at the airport for hours. I like the iPad order system. It was my first time using this kind of ordering system but it was goodThere's no love for this place except the name.  Had the burger that was overpriced and came out well done instead of medium rare. Asked them to bring a new one what they did. Burger was medium rare but bun felt like 5 days old and waitress told me that they are getting a lot of complaints for the buns. Further, burger came without my 1$ extra cheese order. Last but not least they refuse giving paper receipts. Overall, not a bit of love for love from my endGreat place.  You can sit where ever you want. They have TONS of charging stations and seating options.  You use the iPad to order and pay.  The servers bring you food and drinks and you request via the iPad.  I had a chicken sandwich (no bun) it was really good.  Place is a little pricey $$$ but totally worth it.I had their cinnamon oatmeal. It was not as expected. By the time I carried my food to the gate to seat and await my flight it was all mashed up.
I just ended up saying this prayer ' God bless this mess' as my grace before this meal. 
This oatmeal was not delicious, maybe they do other foods better.I should've known airport food would be airport food. I had a 3 hour layover and decided to try the Philly cheesesteak, because why not? In Philly, might as well try one right?
It might just be my own preference, but I did not enjoy it at all. It was very heavy and salty. l ate few bites and gave up. Not worth the $15.00. I've been to Philly before and had a cheesesteak... don't remember it being that bad? 
Not worth spending $$ in an airport, just eat something cheap and wait until you get home or to your destination.I will be the first to say that I am not a fan of the way B Terminal has been redesigned. I don't like the screens and typically don't like the impersonal aspects of the experience. 
That being said, I just finished at Love Grille and really enjoyed my meal. I was greeted almost immediately after sitting, brought a glass of water (without asking - loved that), and was asked if I was familiar with ordering. 
The meal came out fast, was very good and I was even asked during if everything was to my satisfaction. 
Leaving happily impressed by Carly and the rest of the team there.Such a pleasant surprise at the airport (next to gate B1) delicious sandwich, chicken with sprouts avocado tomato and cheese with French fries. Spiked Arnold Palmer with Tito's x2. Ordered on the iPad at the seat while even charging my phone! Delivered faster than any restaurant and good music too. Enjoyed having a nice dinner and people watching!Tracy and Sierra were very pleasant and friendly! Fast service, great customer service and friendly conversation. Great place to stop if you're in a rush and need quick food for your flight. 
Thanks,Tracy and Sierra!Breakfast for everyone was very good. I had oatmeal with ricotta cheese. Large size serving. And another person ordered the French toast which was excellent. The two Philly steak omelettes were very fresh and large portions. The service was prompt and the wait staff were very nice. It was expensive,Like all airport food, but we felt like we got good value for the money.Staff is awful.  No communication and more interested in chatting amongst themselves then serving the tremendous lines they have.   One line indicates good and drinks can be ordered there but when you get to end of line, they tell you no.  Perhaps turn the sign off.
A few of us mentioned it and they simply ignore us.   
There are plenty of choices in the airport...you are best served by passing by LOVE!!Good spot right before a flight. Not bad for airport food and staff were friendly and helpful with ordering from the kiosk.Great service and great food.  Kat was wonderful and chef we extremely hospitable and welcoming.A great restaurant in the Philadelphia airport! I love the fact that each order is cooked as it is ordered and you can order from the tablets at the table. The servers were fast and responsive which is always needed when you're in the airport trying to get to the next gate for flight. I was not able to choose that I wanted my order to go from the tablet but when the server brought me silverware and something to drink I informed her that I needed it to go. She immediately went to the kitchen and let them know that my order was to go and not a dining order and the food was ready in no time when compared to other restaurants. I will definitely eat again when I fly out of Philly.Completely overpriced for what I got hardly any steak in the sandwich. Sandwich was horrible as was cheese wiz and hoagie... fries looked like bottom of barrel friesI couldn't tell you if I ever had an actual meal in an airport, ever.  We had time to kill before our flight so we decided to get breakfast.  I got pancakes with scrapple and a Bloody Mary.  My total was $44 and everything was mediocre.  I guess nothing really has to be good in an airport but it was disappointing.Like this place.  Enjoy the electronic ordering - if you can use an iPhone and surf the web it's really not hard to figure out.  I had the Philly cheesesteak with Swiss cheese.  Flavor was totally as expected and the sandwich was delivered in about 15 minutes.  The Swiss cheese I added was almost undetectable- suggest doubling up on that.  Waiter was a tad miffed when I switched some not-so-cold Chardonnay for a beer but he did accommodate my request.  The biggest improvement needed is a wipe to clean the screen.  Mine was clearly well used.  Suggest handing out mini wipes / wet wipes to guests - this is what they do in Japan, the last place I ordered food via machine.  I think the food makes this worthy of a 4.  It's in an airport so yes you'll pay extra for that.  If you only have ten minutes, buy something from a vendor.I have sat in the middle of the street between geno's steaks and pat's king of steaks I have found both to be worth their loyalty. However if you find yourself in any way in the Philly Airport I give you a contender. Neh! A winner .  The black pepper was just right. The steak tender and the cheese wiz complimented not over took.  It didn't drip or drop grease on you while being tender and juicy. Take your time and find this place and I tell you it is worth it.
LOVE IS RIGHTThe lady behind the bar was agitated with the new system. Plus all her Co workers tiptoed around her. She was mad and angry and showed it. She admitted she hated the new iPad system. She flipped out at customers and fellow employees. She was terrible. If you can give negative stars I would give it just for her. Food was eh...just a chicken sandwich. By the way, she yelled at the cooks too!I was actually really impressed with this place! I thought what y'all are thinking-let me just find someplace edible for a sit- down meal at the airport. I finally settled on this place. Walked in and sat at a long high top table by the bar. Waiter immediately came over with a place mat, glass of water and  silverware. He showed me the tablet at the table where i could order and left me to my devices. I ordered a glass of wine ($12) and took a gamble on the Cauliflower Cheesesteak ($15?). The wine came in about 2 minutes, and the sandwich in about 10. Their grill is open, behind the bar, and the cook was working hard (2pm on sat 11/26/19). The Cauliflower Cheesesteak was excellent! I was pretty excited to find a veggie option that was really well done (and creative!). I would suggest the cauliflower be cut into uniformly smaller pieces when roasting-there were a couple larger pieces that weren't at soft as the rest. It seemed like the employees enjoyed working here- that has not always been my experience at pHL. They helped each other, checked back and were genuinely helpful. The fries were crispy and hot too- maybe they make a fresh batch for every customer- that's what it tasted like. Thanks for a nice lunch, LOVE!Just OK.
This is an restaurant in PHL.  You use an ad-filled, crummy iPad to order, which is clever but not particularly better than just having a server available.  Despite the high tech appearances, service isn't particularly fast.
The food here is pretty solid, at least for airport food.  I had some sort of steak, which was tasty and filling enough to do the job.  I'd be a lot pickier outside the airport, of course.We game to the LOVE grille during our layover to key west. It was before 8 AM so we got a small bite to eat and a mimosa. First off for a $13 mimosa it was in a very small plastic cup.  I can see $10 MAYBE for airport pricing but come on. Second off, we ordered the kids meal which included 2 bacon or 2 sausage (as pictured). When we got the food, it only had one sausage. Anyway its not a huge deal at all, but when I asked the workers they kept saying it only came with one, even when proven what the menu stated.  We are really not hard people to please,  the workers were very rude. I mean come on, it's ONE link of sausage and your menu was wrong.Wanted a drink and Philly cheesesteak before flying off. Damn nets hovering over me the minute I received my drink and food. Literally had to chase him down and kill the thing as it kept hovering over my food. Staff sat by and watched all this and said jack. Damn shame. Clean UP. PS more than one!Stopped for breakfast on the way out. Food was fresh and well prepared. Portions were good for the price. Employees were very friendly and checked in regularly. You sit and order on a tablet, then they bring the food tip you - this made it nice to not feel rushed and be able to relax a little.Worst Philadelphia cheesesteak ever!  The beef had no seasoning whatsoever, and there was no discernable cheese on the sandwich.  It's a good thing I added onions to the order, or there would have been no flavor. Even said, the onions were slimy.  I took a few bites and then left it.  The kitchen service was extremely slow, so don't stop here if you have a tight connection.