Buffalo chicken Stromboli and the BBQ chicken Stromboli is DELISH!!!!! Wing Zings when spicy are AMAZING!! Only reason I'm giving 4 stars is because they charge to get onions, mushrooms, green peppers etc inside StromboliGreat pizza and awesome staff. I share my pizza with my neighbors and they were blown away. Meat lover is A+Placed an order for delivery at 11:30 after a long night at work. The GrubHub delivery estimate was 12:15-12:30, which is very reasonable. However, the estimate turned out to be about 40 minutes off the mark, (got my food around 11:50) which just means I was less hungry, sooner.  
Popcorn chicken is excellent, slightly darker than I expected but most likely because of day old oil, which wasn't a problem. A side of homemade honey mustard completely nullified any reservations. Also got a solid side of coleslaw, which is tasty but slightly more runny than I prefer, although still totally edible. Delicious homemade mac which is just the right amount of cheesy, chewy childhood nostalgia. Lastly I got a side of yellow rice, halal food-truck style so slightly spicy but still oh so yummy. 
Definitely a solid fix for late night non-pizza cravings.Just ordered through post mates a vegetarian quesadilla that had small pieces of meat throughout that should NOT have been there. I also ordered strawberry shortcake and was given strawberry cheesecake which was the worst cheesecake I've ever tried if you can even call it that. At least the fries weren't fucked up. ‍Came here last night at around 3am and although the wait was a little long it was definitely worth it! The food was fresh and wasn't your typical cheesesteak. I would definitely go back!ordered at 2:30, not even a mile away from me, closes at 3:30, ITS 4:13 am now & still have not gotten my food. trust these reviews. don't waste your time or you'll just be hungry.Stop. Don't do it. Even if you haven't eaten in week. Even its its 3:54 am and there isn't a hope in the world to find food. Walk to sevs man, get some snacks. 
Press the back button before it's too late!!!It's hard to find good food in the city so late. So glad I came across this place! Friendly, efficient, & fast!I eat here just abut everyday! I get a slice of pizza and a drink...... It's absolutely delish!The cashier overcharged me by $3.50 - Sanjay- for a slice of pizza I never ordered or received. She also did not offer me an itemized receipt, which I had to request so I can be reimbursed from coworkers. (Made mistake of looking at office.) order on Tuesday 14846. When I called first time, staff asked for whole credit number. Fraud. This was Tuesday. I called again today. Still no manager called me back and ordered to assist in refunding me.Absolutely terrible. Never received my order. Called twice. The second time was hung up on by the manger's request. I was calling to find out how to cancel my order because my deliver had gone to a completely wrong section of the city.They forgot a few items from my order and customer service was horrible said call yelp and hung up.  Food was ok at bestFound this little spot and it's definitely now of our go-tos.. usually just if we can't really find anywhere else though. Don't get me wrong, the food isn't bad and the delivery is definitely fast. It's just sometimes inconsistent in its quality. Some days the chicken will be crispy and juicy, other days it just tastes like dryness and depression. Coleslaw is always great and the fries and usually crispy, but everything else is just eh. Prices are okay and it's open really late, so I would recommend this to anyone who needs a fast fried chicken fix at late hours.I love these guys. The food is plentiful. It's not expensive. It's good which is the most important part, and the people are nice. Even if they might mess up they're more than willing to help correct the problem. I really recommend these guys. Also their popcorn chicken is really good. That's my personal recommendation.i ordered & the food was cold . the restaurant is less then a mile from me. Why would they deliver freezing cold food. when i kindly called & asked for a remake the guy said he wouldnt remake it & that he would no longer deal with my address. The delivery driver was accommodating but the customer service of the man on the phone was unacceptable.I don't know why this place doesn't have better reviews, honestly everything I've ever gotten was fresh and tastes decent. No frills pizza shop that stays open late, has a huge menu, everything is hot and fresh when delivered. Get your fries extra crispy and with S/P/K and they're delicious.Great pizza, margherita pizza was off the chain. This place has an enormous menu. Looking forward to trying the gyro!Being Muslim it hard finding places in Philly that serves great Halal food. Lately I have been craving beef pepperoni and its not a lot of places that serve it. This place was suggested to me by my sister who is Muslim as well. My first order was for a Beef Pepperoni pizza and Buffalo wings. Both was amaze balls!!!! A day after that I had the Lamb and Chicken over rice with extra white sauce. Also AMAZING. Might I add for the price the portions are HUGE! more than you would get from the Halal trucks. This place is clean and I like that fact that I don't have to question items on the menu. Both young ladies that helped me were very patient and pleasant. This is my new favorite place, it is worth every penny..Ordered pizza from this place on a Friday night. After 45 mins passed we decided to call again to see if everything was okay. They just hung up on us. We called again after an hour and a half, hung up on us again. If you're looking to order pizza late at night, try some other pizza place, because this place is rude and non responsive. Save ur money.Restaurant is a bit of hot in the summer. Location is not so good, but they make the best chicken. They deliver till 4 am but to be honest sometime at late night(3 am) you don't get the most fresh chicken pieces ( left over during the days) But so far their food quality is good and they give out really big amount. I would like to support them with 4 starsThis is one of the better pizza offerings in the Temple University area, but compared to Philadelphia pizza at large, it is lacking. The pizza wasn't as inauthentic as to liken it to bowling alley or Chuck-E-Cheese pizza, but it's definitely a cross breed of classic NY pizza and the aforementioned crap. 
I also tried the wings, and I would say they rank average. I was surprised at what a kick the buffalo sauce had, but truthfully I thought it was decent. The breading was too thick or dark, unlike the lighter, more buttery hot wings I prefer. 
The price was right - two large cheese pizzas, 20 wings, and a 2-liter soda for $36.99! Not to mention, they deliver, and I was very impressed at how quickly it arrived. 
All in all, it will suffice to fulfill a drunk craving, but it isn't worth your dinner.Omg! The vegetarian cheeseburger is the best greasy burger that a vegetarian can eat after a late night out. Imagine a vegetarian whopper!Great selection of a bunch of different foods. Pizza slices are absolutely gigantic for just $2.50. All the of the wings and sides are good. They even have cookies. I highly recommend.Love Park Pizza has THE best buffalo chicken pizza in the city.  The hot wings are awesome too. They use this unique hot sauce that I am constantly craving. The chicken, cheese, and pizza dough is amazing. The wings are very meaty. Love Park Pizza is the best.Ordered a ton of food on a Saturday night after 3 AM. The delivery was super fast. The chicken was awesome, the coleslaw was good, the fries were hot and yummy, the mashed potatoes and gravy were amazing, the Mac and cheese was great, and they got *every one* of my picky special instructions correct. 
The only things that were slightly under par, were the fried jumbo shrimp and the mozzarella sticks. They weren't inedible by any means, but because I ordered so late at night, the oil in the fryer was pretty dark. (This makes a fried food look done on the outside, when the batter isn't fully cooked on the inside.) Also, they forgot my ear of corn on the cob, but I was so full I didn't miss it much.
I wouldn't expect a restaurant to use fresh oil half an hour before closing, and as I said, the sticks and shrimp were edible, just could have been cooked longer in fresh oil so the batter was fully cooked.
The real gem here is the soul food. Zero complaints, only praise. I have never had better fried chicken from delivery! Steaming, juicy, crunchy, well seasoned and meaty... Yum, yum, YUM. 
All the "southern style" sides are great and I enjoyed the desserts too.
Rating this as a chicken/soul food place- 5 stars!
I also tried a small pizza, just to see how it was and eat for leftovers. I wasn't a fan, mostly because on white pizza I like fresh basil and they use dried. The Italian type sides were not bad, but also not as good as the southern style ones.
Rated as a pizza joint- 3 stars. Stick with the chicken and usual sides and you'll have a great experience. 
Ultimately, my review is 4 stars because of a few small things, but I had a great experiencez
However, if I'm rating based *only* on the soul food, they would get 5/5! I hope this is a restaurant that I will be able to add to my staple of places where I can get consistently awesome food. Keep up the good work!Fried chicken? Good. Not amazing, but good.
Why come down here twice a month then?
Two words: potato wedges.
Wonderful, deep-fried, fluffy-on-the-inside-crispy-on-the-outside, likely to kill me by age 40, potato wedges that come in wildly oversized portions
Soooooo good.I thought  we had the best place to order late night food. My food was a disappointment.  I called them back the person (a man)  said he would make it right Not True. He looked at me as he never seen or talked to me.  I'm going to say thank you Sal.What a find!!!  Everyone was so nice    Best late night fried chicken and coleslaw I've had since moving up North.    Fast, easy and effortless & quick delivery.   I definitely recommend this place.    
ThanksOrdered food for delivery and the food was never received. Called the restaurant and spoke to a very rude man who claimed, "it's not my problem." Incredibly unprofessional.I really don't know how many stars to give, because no food was ever received, so no way to give a true review of that! Maybe this place is ok when you call them directly, but do NOT place an order through GrubHub if you actually want to receive your dinner. This is really a review of both GrubHub and the restaurant, and their completely screwed up delivery process.
Placed an order to treat a friend who has a broken foot and got a notification that his dinner would be delivered within 45-55 minutes. An hour and a half later, no food. I checked in with GrubHub, and they said his food was 10 minutes away.  Waited 30 minutes, then checked with GrubHub again. They said the food was delivered, but my friend was waiting outside and definitely did NOT receive any food. When I reported this to GrubHub, they said they had cancelled my order! 
I was so confused, I called the restaurant directly, only to have them tell me that they never received any order from GrubHub. Now that I've looked through other reviews, I'm skeptical. Seems like others have had the same problem.  So, in summary, learn from my mistake and listen to the reviews -- don't order from this place through GrubHub if you want to actually receive the food you ordered!!!!While the food is pretty good for a fast food spot, the new management is very condescending to those who support the business.  Big turn off, but if they can turn around their disdain for the customers, this will be a happening food spot, a go to, since they are open much later than other restaurants in the area (open until 3am).THIS REVIEW IS JUST FOR THE PIZZA. This is our go to for no-frills, unpretentious, guilty pleasures pizza. One of our favorite go-to's for a movie night pie. Honestly I usually like to go half with toppings and half just cheese most places, but the cheese is so good here that i just go with cheese on the whole thing. That being said they have a good selection of toppings and they're all pretty decent.
I usually order off of Grubhub and the delivery almost always arrives earlier than the delivery estimate. They've never been late with a delivery. If you're on the fence about it, and just want a greasy, cheap, delicious, cheesy option, hit up love park.Not many places open in the city past 2, this place gets as close as you can to sunrise while also delivery food thats pretty good tbh.I've ordered from here on several occasions and it has always been great. Perfect late night food. Plus, The delivery was very quick. Wings are the best. Hamid was awesome. Definitely recommend.Worst pizza experience ever. 
Last night me and my girlfriend decided to get a pizza at around 10PM. We had received an advert in the mail a few days ago for Love Park Pizza & Chicken. We saw a picture at the bottom of the advert for a pizza loaded with veggies but did not see it as described anywhere on the menu. We called and were greeted by a worker who seemed hard of hearing but after about 5 minutes of going back and forth we figured the pizza from the picture was the Toscana Vegetarian. So we decided to order a large and added sausage for an extra 2.99. In total the pizza came to $19.45. From there we waited... and waited... and waited... At around 11:15 we got the call that the pizza was there (mind you we live no more than 5 minutes from the restaurant), but maybe Thursday night at 10PM is their happy hour idk. Anyway, I open the pizza to find a bland soggy wet mess of ingredients resembling nothing like what is in the picture (of course). But the cherry on this amazing sundae of a pizza, the $2.99 extra we paid for the sausage. Now I'm not native to Philly, but I am from Wisconsin and I must say we do sausage a lot different there, not only was the sausage the shape and consistency of the lamb meat you would find in a gyro at your corner food truck, but it was almost non existent. I had to physically look around for it because there was so little there. If I were to take off and weigh the sausage that was on that pizza I can guarantee it was less than an ounce.
So onto the phone I went to relay this experience to the manager. So I called back, greeted by the same worker, asked for manager, explained the situation, and was promptly hung up on. 
So to TLDR:
If you want soggy wet pizza with half baked crust, waiting over an hour for delivery, and getting bent over when asking for added toppings, go to this amazing restaurant, their rude management team will be laughing straight to the bank with your money. 
DOMINOES has more flavor than this cardboard pizza.Failed their Inspection! Gross!! Never again...
https://www.inquirer.com/health/clean-plates/philadelphia-restaurant-inspections-closed-mice-feces-violations-20190702.html
Love Park Pizza and Chicken
1402 Ridge Ave.
30 violations, 9 serious
Mouse droppings were found on food storage shelving and under the register; an adult roach was crawling on the sliding door of the chest freezer, and dead flies were on the door of the ice cream display case; there was visible physical evidence of mouse droppings, flies and roaches throughout the facility; heavy grease had accumulated on exterior surfaces of the grease trap; pizzas, sliced tomatoes, cut lettuce, cheeses including ricotta and shredded mozzarella, and cooked chicken were not held at required temperatures; repackaged salads including macaroni, seafood, and potato, in the customer area were not labeled properly with the name of product, ingredient statement, net weight, distributed by statement and/or nutritional facts; raw foods were stored on and above ready-to-eat foods in the walk-in cooler; employee cell phones were on top of a cutting board in the food prep area; potentially hazardous ready-to-eat foods including chicken and rice, prepared in the food facility, located in the walk-in cooler, were not date marked; a food safety certified person was not present; bulk food containers were not labeled.
The establishment agreed to discontinue food operations and voluntarily close until it is approved by the Department to resume operations. Inspected June 17.Waited over 50 minutes for a chicken parm sandwich, cheesesteak, and fries.  After about a half hour of waiting, I checked on my order and it was clear that they had completely forgotten about it. The cheesesteak and fries were good, but the chicken parm was not. It was not a typical chicken parm sandwich - it had cut up seasoned chicken on it and barely any marina sauce. I never leave bad reviews, and I feel bad because the workers were very friendly but I felt I had to after this experience.Have ordered from here two times now for some late-night pizza. The Stromboli and pizza are pretty expensive, and the quality is just alright. The Stromboli has too much bread and doesn't have much cheese, mostly a lot of crust of an interesting texture. The chicken bacon ranch pizza has ham on it, not bacon, which was pretty disappointing. The french fries also came with ham on them and I couldn't really enjoy them that way. When it's the only place open, it might seem convenient, but the food quality isn't great.Good spot for a late night bite to eat but absolutely not the spot to go when there is other options. Chicken wings were terribly hard & over fried, pizza was doused with grease & sloppy, & the cheese fries were mediocre at best. I won't be going back!R.I.P. TO LOVE PARK..... I literally had the greatest bbq chicken pizza an buffalo chick pizza of all time from here lastnight after made in ameica. I might need y'all to cater my wedding an bring that slushie machine with y'all!! My only problem is y'all service is kinda sus an y'all have have no association or anywhere near love park lmao wish I could give you 5 stars but u would have to change that name lolThe wings have been the most disappointing things I've ever seen, you would think that they would have some sort of quality control looking at the food that leaves the kitchen. No meat on them at all, wings" snapped in half" wings fused together into weird looking monstrosities. Disappointed, and it's been more than twice. The pizza is okay, it's pretty good if you're hungry but doesn't offer much past that. Quality control is pretty important....I come from King of Prussia literally if not every night, then every other night . Best food I had hands down!!!! Guaranteed fresh all the time and the best staff yet !!!!!!!!! I always order a cheese steak platter from there but all their food is excellent!!!!! I also had their chicken fingers, mac n cheese, stromboli, and pizza ..... I mean where can you go at 3 am and still get fresh food!!!!!! This is the spot !!!!!! All day everydayI went in here to get lunch and as I was paying for my food a huge cockroach runs right across the counter the cashier just looked at it and at me and acted like nothin happen absolutely disgusting. Never again !!! Needless to say I gave away the pizza.This was by far the worst pizza and wings I have EVER had. The pizza was undercooked and the toppings were skimpy. The wings.. Dry, flavorless.. Not sure what kind of sauce was on them but I ordered buffalo sauce and it wasn't. It was more like thousand island dressing. I also requested a side of ranch and bleu cheese, neither of which arrived with my order. Awful all around. Go somewhere else.I love this place! I've ordered from here several times in philly from different locations and every time I've gotten the delivery in about 45 minutes or less and it's always hot. They're food is always delicious. I've gotten a combination of items over time: pizza, fries, mozzarella sticks, chicken fingers, sandwiches, just to name a few. It's all been delicious thus far!THEY DONT CHANGE THE GREASE!! I've ate from here a few times before & didn't have a problem however I ordered the shrimp basket tonight & all I could taste & smell was old chicken grease !! It didn't even taste like shrimp & I've had it from here plenty times before so I called to let them know and see if someone could bring me a new platter or give me a refund because I drove from west to north to pick my food up, he apologized to me but said the grease is changed every two days which taste two months old or something & I couldn't get a refund unless I bring it back but told me no one could deliver it to me because they were about to close .. which they weren't I called around 1am then he went on to tell me he been there since 12 & they made over $1500 .. okay & this still taste like garbage so what are you saying ? START CHANGING THAT DAMN GREASE!!This place stinks like poop popsicles. I ordered 2 pizzas at 12 midnight and have yet to receive them and it is 3 am. Never order from this place. This place sucks eggsFood is great, I recommend it to others. Pizza on a walk is hot and fresh. Deliveries are on time and food and drinks are correct.I order a small pepperoni pizza and the cashier asks me "do you want them on the whole pizza"
Ummmm yes please and thank you. Ok long story short, I thought we had an understanding but apparently the cashier charged me for something I never asked for.Best spot for late night chicken, pizza, side veggies, dessert cakes & ICE CREAM!!! They're open til 4am & also deliver via Uber eats as well. The staff is always nice when I stop thru. Never had a problem!!!Best spot for late night chicken, pizza, side veggies, dessert cakes & ICE CREAM!!! They're open til 4am & also deliver via Uber eats as well. The staff is always nice when I stop thru. Never had a problem!!!
******UPDATE******
WELP...I just paid for a small cup of melted ice cream. I had to eat it fast or I would have needed a straw. This guy barely had the ice cream reach the top of the cup & told me to buy a medium if I wanted more. I THINK NOT!!! No more ice cream from here. Now, small ice cream used to be $1.50-1.60 (depending on who was working) in a bigger cup. Now it's $2 in a smaller cup. I'm done. SmhI'm a long time customer of Love Park pizza, and they have some good stuff! Perfect spot to order a pie from, and a go to late night snack place for all of Temple Universities Night Owls. 
Pizza's awesome, and they have really good chicken/ Chicken Meal boxes. Great prices and fast reliable delivery, even in 2 inches of snow at Midnight on a Wednesday, they made the delivery on time. 
As much as I love this place, I gotta say I was a bit disappointed with the Stromboli, tasted a bit like a pizza folded in half. Would recommend everything else.My name is Tony Bennett and I am writing this review for Love Park Chicken & Pizza located at 1402 Ridge Ave, Philadelphia, PA 19130. the Food is Excellent and they hands down have the Best Pizza and Strombolis in All Of Philadelphia. The two owner Mr.Osmen & His Brother Who Runs It At Night Are Very Professional & Respectful. They have a great walk-up crowd as well as business with Uber and many more. They open very early at 10am and stay open all the way up to 3:30 am to get you Food Fix In ! I refuse to order or eat anyone elses pizza and I advise you to follow suit and take my word ! You will thank me later ! I live right down the street and blessed to have them close to me. I view both owners as my friends ! People staying at The Divine Lorraine, Hotels, Etc.. They Deliver and Very Late Night as well !It is really sad because when this place changed management a while ago I was pleased with the change. However, due to how the customer service aspect has gone into the trash. I called to check on an order and the associate answered the phone yelling, "I said can you hold please!?" and put me on hold without waiting for a response. Mind you it was my first call in, so as you can imagine I was confused by the "greeting." Then when she answered the phone I identified myself as someone who was checking on a grubhub order. She got angry and replied, "Jesus fucking Christ, let me tell you this so you NEVER have to call again. Just because it says delivered on Grubhub doesn't mean it is actually delivered, it means it's on the way!" Then she hung up in my face. So yeah...I wont be ordering from here again. ago and was renovated I was happy to see the change. However, the customer service here is COMPLETELY AWFUL and the tactless behavior of the associates working here comes about unprovoked. The food is actually quite good for no frills late night fare, but I'm probably not ordering from here again.Amazing food, generous quantity. food preparation is clean and hygienic. The owner makes sure the quality is maintained. had dinner with family and everyone loved the food.