Great place for take-out meals. Really large portions and the food is very good. I've Been Told the takeout service was slow but not true in my case. I got my meal in 20 minutesGreat delivery service.  The sushi is very fresh. A great place to enjoy a few rolls and a traditional entreThis place is American Asian. However, the food is good and very fresh. The prices are great for what it is... and I always consider it when I am nearby and need a quick but healthy bite.Great old school Chinese Restaurant, just like my Grandmom use to take me to. The have a good wok and still bring a pot of tea to your table. Plus, the lunch specials are way cheep, like $ 6 cheep for the entree and soup.
The staff is ways friendly and happy to see you.This is our favorite Chinese restaurant and we purchase food (either eat-in or take out) at least once a week. The food is invariably good and the owner is always so nice. 
I was originally doubtful of the sushi bar because I wasn't sure about the whole Chinese restaurant doing sushi thing, but after I tried it, the sushi turned out to be pretty good. I usually order the maki combo - 3 rolls, soup, and a salad - and they usually let me sub a spring roll of the salad. Sweet.I'm not sure how this place has suck a high rating, I'm going to attribute it to the neighborhood clientele that probably don't know any better. It's OK for a neighborhood sushi fix, but really it's a little too expensive for what it is. The sushi is not as fresh as what you'll get downtown, and the cuts of fish are somewhat small with larger rice balls. They are always overwhelmed on the weekends with take out and dine in, and have a hard time keeping up. 
The Chinese and Thai take out we have gotten in the past are good, but the sushi is forgettable.We have been eating here for twenty years. We eat in or take out most Friday nights, and have celebrated every family occasion at Lucky Star. Tina, the owner, is sweet and welcoming. She always makes us feel at home. Food is consistently good. Ambiance and prices are great. More recently I ordered a sushi party tray that exceeded all of my expectations! They delivered it to my house. It was enough for 20 people, and it was only $105! Can't be beat! The menu is HUGE! They have Chinese, Japanese and Thai food, and do all three well. Lucky star has something for everyone! Recommend the Maki combo, Shrimp Pad Thai, Chicken and Eggplant and Ginger Salad. We will always come back to Lucky Star!Good "Americanized" Asian cuisine.  Great flavor, large portions--this will actually fill you up.
I agree with Nikki T. that the decor is kind of chintzy, but I usually order take-out anyway.  Great wonton soup, great pork fried rice.  I love the General Tso's.  I hear the mango chicken is also really good.
Broad menu choices.  Chinese, sushi, Thai...you can't really go wrong here.The food itself is a solid four stars but I gave the extra star since delivery took only 20 minutes. The price seems to have gone up but the quality is better than most of the local Chinese restaurants. The sushi we ordered was fresh, the dumpling were perfectly cooked and the Lo mein and chicken dish we ordered was delicious and not oily like other places. The hostess that took our order and the delivery guy were both very friendly.I was not sure what to expect but I heard good things about Lucky Star. I was pleasantly surprised by the atmosphere. It was very inviting and the wait staff was pleasant. I went during lunch and it wasn't busy. The food was very good and reasonably price for a lunch special. I probably would have paid another dollar if it cost more. I am excited to go back for the dinner service and to also try their sushi.We were craving some good chinese food, so off to Yelp I went this friday evening.  Lucky Star had pretty good reviews, so I figured - why not!
Well, I guess the saying "to each his own" really does apply here.  The food was okay, i'll go into details later.  The person on the phone when I called to order was very nice.  When we went to pick up the food I felt that they were rushing us - which could be taken in a good way or bad - good as in that they are trying to get to as many customers as possible (we had obviously ordered take out) or bad as in the fact that they don't seem to care too much about their customers.
I will say for the price, you get a decent amount of food - their dinner combinations (which come with rice, eggroll AND soup - most are one or two but never all 3) are all about $7-8 bucks.  You can also get pork fried rice with your combo instead of the standard white rice - something else I'm not used to - at least without paying extra.  At other Chinese places I've been given the white rice that comes with the food and also the brown rice or fried rice or whichever rice I happened to order instead of the whie rice. Lots of wasted white rice!  Anyway, I digress....
Steamed Dumplings:  One of my absolute faves from chinese restaurants, some get it right - and some do not.  They do have these dumplings down, they were delicious.  They were served in the correct foil and plastic topped container (i've had them served in standard, cardboard chinese takeout boxes and they become extremely soggy and yucky and not worth it) and the sauce (I always forget what it's called) was very good.  Dumplings had a good flavor, I was happy with them.  I'd give the dumplings a 4.5 on a scale of 5.
Shrimp & Lobster Sauce Combo w/ Pork Fried Rice:  Meh.  I've very seldom found a good shrimp & lobster sauce - but i figured since this place had pretty good reviews, they'd do a good job at it.  It wasn't bad, it was just okay.  The pork fried rice was extremely underwhelming.  Very little flavor, I was disappointed  in it.  I'd give this Shrimp & Lobster Sauce Combo a 3 out of 5.  It was okay, and if I was going to continue ordering from this chinese place i most likely would not order it again, however since I don't plan to order from here again, that's not an issue.
Egg Drop Soup: I got this instead of my standard Wonton soup (choice of hot and sour, wonton or egg drop soup came with the combination meal) - I have never had egg drop soup so I am not sure what it's supposed to taste like.  It was very thick, I am assuming that's normal.  It didn't have much of a taste - I am not sure if this is standard.  However, I was only able to try a few spoonfuls of it becuase I found a piece of metal in the soup.  It looked like maybe a thin wire or something?  I'm not sure how it got into my soup, but I did not want to keep eating it to find out.  It could have injured me if I'd swallowed it, since it was a good inch if not more long and as thin as a paperclip, and very jagged.  I will give this no stars, due to the metal wire.
Egg Roll:  It's also quite difficult to find good eggrols - and these were actually pretty decent.  I'd give them a 3.5 out of 5.
My boyfriend ordered the spare ribs combo with pork fried rice and wonton soup.  He claimed his spare ribs were "good" the pork fried rice was "okay" and the eggroll was "good".  I tried a few forkfuls of his pork fried rice and his had more flavor than mine, I am not sure if they were different batches or what.  Also, I had a spoonful of his wonton soup - which he said was "meh", and I agree.  It was very watery and didn't have much flavor.  I would not recommend it.  
I didn't realize this would be so long, let me shorten this out:
They have somewhat decent food, and also serve liquor. It looks like a pretty cute restaurant to eat at, as well although we ordered takeout.  The eggrolls and steamed dumplings i'd go back for - everything else was very underwhelming.     I will not be going here again, as it was much further away than i'd originally thought and the food wasn't good enough to travel for. Also, their prices are pretty good - it was about 22 bucks for the two combo dinners and the appetizer - with all that you get with the combo meal (aside from the metal) its a good deal.If I could give this place zero stars I would!! This is the second time we ordered here and my husband calls and puts in an order. They come back to tell us that it would be ready in 55 minutes. That seemed long to us for pickup but we waited. He goes to pick up the food and they tell him that they didn't have our order because they were actually speaking to someone on the other line and it would be another half hour to put in an order!! He left irate. That's NOT how you run a business at all. Will never be ordering from there ever again.Every time they say "20 minutes" and it is sometimes double or triple that time to pick up!
I have been a customer for a long time...before and after the fire but I  am looking for a new place.I hate to have to write this as last year this was my favorite place & worthy of 4 stars.  Not sure what is going on maybe new owners or chef ?  but it has gone drastically down hill in past 3-4 months.  This is the 3rd bad order we have had where items were inedible and thrown out.  The sauces have become watery and bland.  The egg rolls had a horrible taste like something in them had gone bad.  The fried tofu used to be a favorite but now its not cooked properly mushy not firm  - no different then ordering soft and flavorless thanks to the super bland new sauces.  The curry was so horrible with a strong strange taste it was immediately tossed with the bad egg rolls.  2013-2014 this place was really good - first bad strike approx. 3 months ago loving the place have retried 2 additional times but disappointed and some items had to be tossed.Food overall was terrific, great options and food was all done with care. Presentation was also very good. They were very busy when we arrived but everything was still done with care. Im very disappointed I didn't find this place sooner. Décor was also nice and service was great. Great Job, I see this place going far.Atmosphere: it is a casual/Classic Asian restaurant set up. It seemed clean.
Service: it took a little while for our waiter to come our way.
Water: they served our water with no ice.
Food: I had the General Tso and it was really good. It tasted fresh which is always a plus when it comes to Asian food. My wife had the Sesame Chicken and that was really good as well. Lucky Star seems to be the place to get decent Asian food in the area.Favorite Chinese restaurant
Good portion sizes, friendly staff, prices are about what you;d pay anywhere else, but it's a nice quiet placeSummary, too expensive for mediocre food. 
Word of warning, pass on the "Chinese Pizza" aka what they call their scallion pancakes. Dough was very thick and overfried. Also the hot and sour soup was bland and was thickened with too much cornstarch.
We got two entrees, both specials. I got spicy chicken, shrimp and beef dish and it was cooked pretty well but the flavor was average. She ordered breaded shrimp and scallops. The breading was surprisingly hard instead of crispy. The snows peas were good.
Waitress was nice and attentive no issues there.
Overall better food can be had at almost any other non fast food Chinese restaurant. Food here was flavorless and forgettable.Lucky star is a great neighborhood restaurant. Our family has been coming to lucky star for several years now and always have had great service and wonderful food.Living in Lafayette Hill, this is the best we've had. Hunan Wok is terrible as are all the others in the PW area. Steamed pork dumplings are the best I've had and the General Tso's was really good. Only down side in my opinion are the egg rolls. Not the best, as they have that weird really smooth crunchy shell. This will be our go to for Chinese though.Love this place. Service is a 5. Food a 4, except the sushi and hot and sour soup. Both of those are a 5. Some food is better than others. The service makes up for that two-fold.Excellent food, soothing atmosphere, gracious servers, clean and welcoming, this place has it all! A group I belong to eats here frequently and each time we have come away fully satisfied and pleased. The prices are average -- not too high, not too low. but, the interior of this place is just so beautiful! It reminds me of relaxing in an outdoor garden under a shady arbor. Clever lighting helps achieve this effect. I give this restaurant 5 stars, for sure!1st time time ordering and very disappointing.
Sadly my top place King palace is closed so had to find new places .
So we ordered shrimp & broccoli 
When it came it had barely any shrimp and mostly broccoli , in red / brown sauce and carrots , which not sure where that belongs . 
The shrimp was rubbery and over cooked , the sauce is very salty & bitter.
My guess is they drenched it in soy sauce.
To top things off ,  I wound up having an allergic reaction to it . 
All together a huge disappointment and money wasted .Once every two or three weeks, my boyfriend and I will order chinese lunch specials from here. The price can NOT be beat. He always gets the General Tso's Chicken (which I've had before and is fantastic, mind you) and I always get the Orange Chicken. They're marked as spicy, but they honestly don't pack a ton of heat. The lunch specials include rice (however you like it, pork fried etc) and soup, egg roll, or spring roll. 
It's $6.25 per meal. SIX. DOLLHAIRS. Their delivery is usually about 40 minutes, sometimes less, but it's dependable and the food is always still piping hot. Only once have we ordered Hot & Sour Soup that arrived lukewarm.
All in all, dependable and consistent delivery.We came back to grab some food to go for dinner on our way back from the city and were very happy with both the quality and service.  I hadn't been here for a few years since I moved to NYC and my parents moved to Blue Bell, but the renovation looks great and the menu expansion is nice!  They also offer marinated, pan-seared pork chops if you call them a day in advance.  Our spicy stir-fried shredded pork, stir-fried scallops in a white wine sauce, Singapore chow men fun, and beef with string beans were good and flavorful, and totaled to less than $45, which was a shocker to my NYC prices-accustomed eyes.  The owners are very sweet and I would definitely come more often if I, well, actually lived here.  But my parents try to make it here as often as they can.  There's definitely something to be said for friendly service and solid, tried-and-true food.This place is one of the best Chinese restaurants I've ever been to. The food is delicious and reasonably priced. The sushi isn't bad either, but I wouldn't go there specifically for it. The service is fairly fast and super friendly. I would definitely recommend dining here.This is a great chinese restaurant for this area.  I live in Chestnut Hill where the food pickings are quite slim. Having just moved to Philadelphia, I look for excellent customer service when eating at a restaurant (since it seems the North is lacking in that department).
The sushi is great also a bonus - very decent prices, between $3-$4 for maki rolls.  The steamed dumplings were delicious and their egg rolls/spring rolls where perfect, not too greasy and perfectly crunchy.
What made the experience so great was the fact that they bring out complimentary tea and the crunchies you get for soups (don't know what they're called) before your meal.  Plus after the meal, they give you orange slices to cleanse the palate.
It's so hard to find a restaurant that takes care of their customers and makes them feel satisfied.  I will DEFINITELY be coming back here.I love lucky star. I used to order from here all the time when I lived in the area (before the fire and remodel) and was happy to see when I came back the food was the same. Personally, I would recommend the Hawaiian fried or the cashew chicken, and the fried ice cream is awesome! You can't get that everywhere. Prices are pretty reasonable- perhaps a tiny bit higher than your typical Philly area Chinese place, but the food is much better and it is much nicer. I would definitely recommend giving it a try, especially for a quite lunch break!This used to be a great family restaurant. We tried it about 6 weeks ago and it way below their standard, We tried again tonight. If it hadn't been take out I would have sent it back. Way too much corn starch in the hot and sour soup till it became gloppy. The fried rice was tasteless. The Singapore Mei Fun was dry with not enough veggies. The Chow Mein is not served with chow mien noodles, just the fried wonton dough. Time to find a new place..This is the best Chinese-American restaurant on Ridge!I don't know much about this restaurant other than my first experience.. I placed an order for pickup since I was in the neighborhood. I neglected to check the order on pickup. When I got home, I found an entirely different dish - one that only had I not ordered, I had never ordered in my life. I called  back to see what they could do to help. I was told it was what I ordered, and that they wouldn't be doing anything about it. When I pressed them to please do something with the error, they told me it was my fault and they wouldn't even discuss it. So, I'm out a dinner on their error, and not a single concession on their part. I won't be going back. Buyer beware, I suppose.Good (but not great) American Chinese takeout. Definitely overpriced for what you get.We've been looking a local Chinese restaurant that's a cut above.  Lucky Star fits the bill perfectly.  We're so excited to have found them.  We had six dishes our first time and everything was delish.  Highly recommended.Great food. The price is right, especially if you get a lunch or dinner combo. I usually get the chicken and garlic sauce, but I also love the spare ribs. The Chinese pizza is good, but their sauce for it is the best I have ever had. If you sit down and eat the place is nice as is the service. You get complimentary noodles and tea on the table. I would highly recommend lucky star.Based on shrimp toast only, lucky star has failed. In a blindfold test, nobody would ever guess that it contains shrimp.I've been coming here for 2 years and I cannot rave about the food more! I've tried a few places in the area and I always go here. Their sushi is delicious and super fresh. Their crunch spicy tuna maki roll is second to none. Their Chinese entrees are also fantastic. 
While I usually order takeout, their ambience is really nice. The staff and friend and they have a great rewards system. If you get to a certain number of orders you get a percentage off of your next order. Definitely recommend!Excellent Chinese food.  The sushi was average to just slightly above.  Their prices seem to be pretty darn reasonable as well.  Overall, I prefer this to King's Palace.Service is fairly quick.  They actually waited a few minutes after close so that I could pick up my food..  I enjoy their California rolls, which is something because I don't  eat seafood!We loved lucky star before the fire, and we love it still.  One of the best Chinese restaurants in Philly.  They offer both Chinese and Japanese offerings with a sushi bar.  We love the miso soup.  I've had many of the offerings here from the traditional American Chinese favorites like lo mein and egg foo young, to their house specials and I have never been disappointed.  There are other Chinese restaurants closer to me, but none are as good as Lucky Star.Good quality inexpensive meal. The atmosphere is satisfactory and the staff are warming to be around. The best chinese restaurant in my area that i know of without a doubt.My go-to sushi place. I absolutely love going here. My boyfriend and I order takeout or delivery on almost a weekly basis. The staff is always friendly and helpful. The ambience is excellent! Even after moving further away we still make the drive anytime we have a craving for sushi.
The sushi is reasonably priced and we often take advantage of their combo sushi meals. The maki roll combo in particular is one of our go-tos. It comes with 3 rolls, miso soup, and salad. We usually supplement with a specialty roll. Our favorite is the Godzilla and Rock N Roll. But every roll we've tried has been excellent. 
Everything is super fresh tasting- from the seaweed salad to the sashimi. They also have a rewards system for returning customers. You can get a card stamped for each meal you order. I believe on the 5th meal you get a 10-15% discount. Decent incentive!THEY ARE THE WORST DELIVERY SERVICE. I will never order from them again, they continue to screw up orders. it took over an hour to deliver, and  this time they forgot RICE, how does a Chinese restaurant forget RICE!!!! and nothing more than an apology, "our Mistake". This isn't the first time either, they put sushi on-top of a hot entree, after we specifically asked them to NOT PUT SUSHI IN THE SAME BAG AS HOT FOOD!  how hard is it to follow a customer's instructions. Customer service and delivery is the worst.I absolutely love this place! The good has always been good every time I go, and I order there almost every Thursday night. The owner is one of the sweetest people I've met. So far I have never been disappointed.Always tremendous!  My go to is the shrimp fried rice but the beef sticks and the wonton soup are dope too!!!This place is my fav! Good food and service. They only deliver to a few zip codes. The place is nice and clean inside if you want to dine in. It's also a BYOB.Came for pickup. Got their lunch special: orange chicken not spicy. Good price, tasty food with enough for 2 days. Yum!Ill put it up against any place in the city .  
Waited like a kid for christmas for it to re-open when the original restaurant burned down a few years ago. 
Tina the owner is one of the nicest people I've ever met. 
Service is always great , food is outstanding , and the new place looks great.
Though i really miss the complimentary sweet and sour cabbage they used to put on the tables at the old place (hint)The best we've had in the area. Pepper steak & onion was outstanding and my wife loved the chicken and broccoli.Excellent food for a neighborhood place with clean, not overly corn-starched dishes (and fried dishes aren't greasy). Extensive menu of Chinese and Japanese with some Thai too. We had steamed vegetables and tofu, beef and broccoli, spring rolls, and shrimp soup. All were good. The prices are reasonable, not cheap, Service is friendly and well-paced. The atmosphere is nice for a strip-mall place (why do suburban restaurants all have cheezy carpets?). This will be our go-to Chinese now.Have been coming here even before the renovation and still impressed to this day! The food is so great and they have such a great selection and the pricing is something you can beat! The combination platters are a super deal. The staff is so helpful and kind especially the hostess.This is my go to Chinese take out restaurant. The food tastes very fresh, especially compared to other Chinese places in Philly. The dining room is also nice and clean. The only down side is that delivery does take kind of long (up to an hour or so for me). Nonetheless, I would highly recommend this restaurant!Great food and okay prices. This place has quick delivery as well as a nice atmosphere when dining in. The staff is friend and try to accommodate parties quickly. The drinks are strong and you get a lot of food for the price you pay. One of my favorite sports in this area!I always had fab meals at Lucky Star but haven't been back since the fire, we decided to go for a late lunch/early dinner today. We were not disappointed. The new decor is stunning and wait staff attentive but not hovering, we started with crab Rangoon that arrived at our table piping hot and crispy.  we both ordered orange beef and it was outstanding. It was a more than generous portion of Orange beef that I forgot to ask to tone down the spice but I didn't need to -- was just the right amount of heat without the need to douse the fire after each bite. The broccoli was bright and crispy and the beef, again hot and crispy. There is a full drinks bar and sushi I've been told is excellent. We will most definitely be going back, soon but first I need to eat the box of leftovers!!Uh oh! My hubby decided to surprise me with some take-out the other evening, but he was quite disappointed with the dinner he brought home for himself. It was supposed to be pepper beef, but was mostly crunchy peppers. Included almost as an after thought were two of the tiniest pieces of beef ever! That was most unfortunate because he was very hungry and this dinner just didn't deliver. It was the only meal of the day for him, but he paid good money for a handful of green peppers which were not quite cooked enough. I had to broil a steak for him so that he didn't go to bed hungry. Sorry, Lucky Star, but this was a flop. Please do better next time!I really love Lucky star and all there great food. I really like the orange shrimp on the menu. Even though they had an electrical fire they are still working on getting it fixed. I drive by it everyday on my way back to home. The repair are done on the outside but now they are working on the inside.Lucky Star is hands down my favorite Chinese restaurant. Delicious, extensive menu, and did I mention delicious? I've never ate in the restaurant, only ordered delivery. The moosho pork is the best.Terrible.  Any positive review given to this place was posted by the owner(s) or by people who don't know food. It's gross even for American-Chinese food.  Delivery took 1.5 hours.  We are down the street.  Food was leathery, tasteless, and seemed frozen then reheated.  One of the worst meals I've ever had.Very tasty food, efficient service and appropriate prices. My favorites are egg foo yung -- Lucky Star makes this better than all nearby competitors -- broccoli in garlic sauce, Buddhist Delight (mixed vegetables in a special sauce). These items are memorable and repeatable! Jasmine rice is standard and it's delightful!Lucky Star has pretty good sushi and is decent for the rest of their food. I wasn't blown away by their Chinese options and their sushi is average but good. Their General Tso's chicken is crunchy and tasty but I have picked bones out of it several times which is definitely a little off-putting.Overall: Pretty good, with a lot of options, and good service. Caveat: I was raised in Asia, so my standards for Asian food, especially Chinese, are a lot higher than most people's.
Ambience: Nothing special. Typical cheesy "Asian" decor, but comfortable seating and booths. Not really a "date" place, or a fancy dinner place, but great for a casual dinner with friends or SOs.
Service: Great. The wait staff were very nice and food came pretty quickly.
Food: Varied, and much better than a lot of other restaurants I've seen, though not any more authentic than the typical American Chinese restaurant. The Thai food is also way less authentic (there's not very much in the way of options), but the sushi is pretty good, and I can't speak for the other Japanese dishes because I haven't tried them. I would pick a real Thai place if you're hankering for Thai.
They have a lot of options--Thai, Japanese and Chinese, with the bulk of the food being Chinese. The seafood pan-fried noodles are my favorite, with the sesame chicken and sweet/sour meats being other good choices.
As for authenticity, they serve mostly typical "lo mein" and General Tso's and other typically American-Chinese options that Asians generally turn up their noses at. But if you're looking for good American Chinese food, this is very good.
Price: Eh, pretty typical; in other words, moderately overpriced. Obviously, you can get way better prices and value in Chinatown, if you're willing to sacrifice some ambience.I'm picky about my asian food, because i love it and I want it to be good. Lucky Star is good. Good quality, good service, good prices... Sushi is great. Watch the green salad when you get takeout, sometimes it freezes...As good as it gets - the food, the service, the ambience, and even their prices.
We enjoyed the crunch roll containing an excellent, tasty seaweed salad.
The chicken with peapods, and the yaki udon with shrimp, were excellent.
Our server, Yen, was gracious and very attentuve and efficient.
And of course, the owners, Tina and Shuyen were so friendly (as always).The food was very good and the service was also very great. Furthermore, the deal way the best!  Great place to go to with any amount of peopleLove this place! It's my go to for takeout around Manayunk.  I recently ate in the restaurant and it was amazing.  I love their SPring and Park rolls and they have a great sauce on the beef&broccoli.  If you eat there you get the crispy noodles and amazing hot tea.  I highly recommend it.  The staff is always so friendly and I can't wait for the weekend to go back again!!Exquisite cuisine. Best sushi on this side of the Mississippi. The pork fried rice melts in your mouth.It is a brand new place , opened recently , so it seems they are still working out how work efficiently and keep you happy. Been waiting a like longer than expected . Hope its worth the wait.I was looking for something different yet close enough to work that didn't require me to head all the way out to Plymouth meeting. Found this on yelp and decided to give it a try. They have Japanese and Chinese food which at times can make you question the quality. I ordered the chicken and broccoli lunch special. The bonus to this is that you have the option for brown rice!! Lunch special comes with soup for about $8? 
The food tastes great but they don't really give you enough of it compared to other Chinese take out. I ordered a shrimp and veggies and got about 2 shrimp and the rest veggies. So comparing the price with the value, I'm not too sure it's a good deal but the food is good though!Several recommends from friends.  Recently tried this place & love it!  The staff is friendly & so far everything we have ordered has been delish.  Best in the area !  & one of the few who know how to prepare Tofu.  Great ambiance too !Service A+. Food A+. Great food and great prices. I ended up getting the combo dinner which comes with soup, egg roll and entree. I for the shrimp in garlic sauce and pork fried rice which was delicious. Highly recommend checking this place out!Really nothing good out of this place.. 1st time delivery took over an hour had 
.wonton soup - only reason this place gets 1star
Egg roll- tiny and nasty tasted like sauerkraut 
Sesame chicken- in a red sauce that tasted like Frank's red hot.
Shrimp lo mein that I'm pretty sure was Ronzoni spaghetti and a few baby rubbery shrimp.
 Really sucks there is no good Chinese place that delivers now the Kings Palace closed so I just always drive to Plymouth and go to Golden Dragon which is THE BEST!!  That's what I get for being lazyHands down - the best Chinese take out place in Roxborough. I've eaten inside once, and the rest of the times have ordered out. I've never been disappointed with the food. I've mostly ordered sushi and the combination platters (general tso's, shrimp lo mein and beef & peppers) and everything has been delicious. The pork fried rice is unique. It doesn't look like your typical pork fried rice but it is packed with flavor. 
My only complaint would be the service when dining in. The one time I ate here it took forever to get our food. Although the food was good, the service was slow. But if you're ordering take out you definitely can't go wrong here. A hidden gem.Today's 2-star review contrasts a 4-star review from a few months ago. Today's review pertains to Lobster Cantonese which was on special today for $21 plus change. Service was cordial as always but the meal was Big Time disappointing. I've eaten Lobster Cantonese about two dozen times in the course of my lifetime. It's a phenomenal dish. This was my first time trying it at Lucky Star and the chef's interpretation of the classic dish was not what I expected. The luscious, abundant sauce that I'm accustomed to was non-existent. Today's cracked/split whole lobster was covered with a yellow slimy goo (roux?) and served on top of greens (scallions?) with a tiny puddle of drippings (less than a tablespoon) which meant eating the accompanying white rice dry. My "whole lobster" included a fraction of lobster tail meat (based on the size of the shell) and both claws had no meat. While Lobster Cantonese is usually rich in flavor, today's concoction had no discernable flavor. In a blindfold test, one would have no clue what he was eating except for the telltale pieces of shell throughout the dish. Lucky Star prepares many other things well but in my humble view Lobster Cantonese isn't among them.Best Chinese food I have had in Philadelphia in quite some time. Food fresh as can be not laying around like in China Town. Also have Japanese and couple different Variations of regional Chinese food. 
Great for sit down with friends or take out. Staff is friendly and courteous.The sushi is absolutely amazing. Their Flying Monkey roll is fantastic. Great atmosphere since the remodel. One of the best places around for asian food.Delicious food! Staff is polite and always smiling! Staff welcomes children with open arms.Good selection of Chinese, thai, and Japanese food in this area! Don't be fooled by this hidden spot tucked away inside a strip mall. They close at 11 on Fridays and Altho we got there around 9 it felt like we were going to be the last diners in there. Nether less, service was good! They brought out tea for everyone at our table in our own individual mugs. They have a sushi bar and their seating is hip slick and modern. Their veggie sushi was up to par. Yummy and delicious.Went here, based on yelp reviews and will definitely be back! Excellent food, good service, reasonable price. Family friendly too!Lucky star is back! Remodel is great!Food just as good as always!Lighting is not good because the lights are not over tables I think the seat was moved after light went in.Some tables are not center or don't have lights.Sushi is good!Everything is good but some portions seem smaller then I remember but still great! This is a once a week stop for me Always good food!My family has tried many of their specialty dishes. All were excellent. Very friendly and prompt service.I love this place. I must eat here at least twice a week for lunch. They have your typical Chinese menu and a nice sushi bar. The staff is very nice and attentive. The owner is sweet and she will do what ever she can to make your visit go as well as possible. The shining star for Lucky Star is the tea. Most Chinese restaurants use that cheap bulk not so tasty black tea, but here you get a delicious Jasmine tea complimentary with your meal. It is really good.