I'm definitely too old for this place, but if you are looking for a cheap bar with decent music, and don't mind being groped while you try to dance with your friends, then this is the spot for you.  We had to keep re-locating because there were a lot of guys that would not take no for an answer.  The music was fun, and it didn't get too hot or too crowded, but I wouldn't recommend going here unless you are pretty drunk.If you want to grab drinks with a perfect stranger than this is the place for you. There's no table service and no food menu so it definitely takes the pressure off on the first date- you know the whole who pays going Dutch sing and dance. Did I mention the cheap and awesome drink specials? There's always some kind of special going on."We were just bored the whole time, that place sucked."
Went late on a Saturday night, the music was eh, it was suuuuper crowded, confusing gross bathrooms, broken glasses every 20 minutes, bar in the back was a shitshow... 
I hope you didn't mean to dance here, because there's basically only one spot to do it, if it's not crowded, and you're the showcase for everyone to see as it's the only lit part of the bar. Wait... is that how it's supposed to go?If you want to get completely wasted for very little money with a bunch of frat guys and their barely legal dates, this is your place.
The drink deals are criminal and you can often get a couple of strong drinks for $5.
At some point, the gruff bouncers will non-verbally demand that you leave your seat so that they can clear the area and make a dance floor where aforementioned frat guys and dates grind on each other to a blasting (and I do mean blasting) array of remixed Top 40 hits.
You will hate yourself if you ever wind up here sober.for some reason i had a really nice opinion of lucys though i had never been there, maybe it was something i overheard or read somewhere, but man, when i went there 2 nights ago my whole script was flipped as they say. luckily it wasnt too crowded and i did get a drink fast, brooklyn was the best thing on draft ( which aint bad ) but it did taste sour.  i was not there for d.j.'s or food but i dont think i'll go back, the service was decent but the crowd was iffy, this just doesnt seem like a place i'll be found. maybe someone in a polo and flip flops can counter my poor review.This place is pretty chill. I went here for happy hour while waiting for some friends. Lots of flavored vodkas and your first check-in will get you a free shot if soco and lime. The bartender was nice to talk to and on point with the drinks. Will be back.I don't go there for the drinks, but I do go there for a good time with friends, especially those who love dancing!
I was there with friends for a bar crawl past weekend. One thing to remember before you go in is to make sure that you are going downstairs not upstairs. The door to the right is to a different venue. So stay left. We stayed in the back area since it was less crowded and quieter. But when it gets into midnight, the place was just packed. We really enjoyed the music. I wasn't sure if it was a live DJ or what, but the song selection was awesome! In terms of drinks, they had a few specials on beers, and a couple for shots. The quality is okay. It's similar to what you would expect from a college bar. 
So the bottom line is if you are looking to get your feet move, go there on a Friday night. But if you need a couple of drinks first, you would be wise to go somewhere else to pregame.I stopped in here for a drink during happy hour and the bar was fairly empty, which I was thankful for after elbowing my way through First Friday crowds on the sidewalk.  This was my first visit to Lucy's and I don't think it'll be my last.  It was very relaxed and laid back (during happy hour at least, but I can see how later on in the night it may be a little more hectic) and the bartender was super nice and really cute lol.  
I knew we were going to be drinking wine at dinner and I didn't want to mix drinks so I asked for a wine even though this doesn't look like the kind of place that would serve wine.  He told me that they serve the Black Box wine and I went all giddy inside.  You mean you're not serving me Barefeet wine or Sutter Home?!  Awesome!  I've bought Black Box wine for my house because it's cheaper by volume than buying several bottles and the quality is really decent.  
I took a look at their happy hour specials board and their prices are all really cheap.  Also, if you check in on yelp, you get a free shot of SoCo Lime (not my thing, but hey, free booze).  I'm pretty sure if I'm having dinner in Old City, I'll head over to Lucy's for a drink first.I've been here twice, once for a happy hour which led into a whole night and the second time after having zero fun at the upstairs bar. Lucy's is a pretty chill atmosphere by day that turns into a packed sweat fest by night with the entire front bar (main room) stuffed full...but if you head to the back bar it opens up pretty nicely making it easier to get yourself the booze you came for.  I've also gotta say that if your sitting at a table the waitresses there do do a good job of serving.
Overall, they had some pretty good specials, the dj's played a decent mix , myself and my crowd got relatively intoxicated and had a pretty good time.This place is just not my scene.  And there's no way to describe the people who would love this place without offending them.
Crappy beer, lackluster service from the bartender.  Won't be back.Came here for a friend's birthday, had a good time. The back bar was key for actually being able to order drinks. The music was good and the place was packed. The bathroom situation in the back is interesting; you'd think you were on a boat with the amount of porcelain in such a small room. Beers were cheap as I'd come to find out that this is another Drinker's clone.This place is divey, cheap, andamong the coolest of its kind, therefore, it gets 4 stars among dive bars. This place doesn't charge covers on big nights, has lots of room, cheap drink specials, and good music... not much more you can expect from a dive bar.I've been to this bar twice when visiting from New York. The location is good because it is in close proximity to a ton of other bars and clubs. 
On my last visit, the bouncer was very friendly. As we walked in though, the crowd was not quite as affable. The place is spacious however, and allowed us to escape to the back room where it was little less tense than the over packed front room.  The bartenders were attentive and the prices were moderate. 
This place is always a good fall back but not my first choice in a bar in Philly.Oh, Lucy's, you hot and sweaty tease.
From everything I have heard about Lucy's for the past year or two, I was expecting a lot more out of this establishment.
I went here on Saturday night for a friend's birthday celebration, and Lucy's was not all that it is cracked up to be.  First of all, I have never felt so old in my life, and at 25 that's saying a lot...  I'm not sure if I'm in denial or if legit fake IDs are easier to get your hands on these days, but 80% of the people in there couldn't have been older than 17 or 18. It was hot, sweaty, and there wasn't enough room to move around.  
There are two areas to dance: one in the front and one in the back, and there are separate DJs for the two.  The DJ in the back was completely full of himself, and ignored one of my friends who went up to request a song. 
Overall, this place is totally overrated and overpriced for the borderline disgusting conditions.  There are far better places in Philly to go get your drink on.i live about 3 streets down and think it is a legitimate place to check out if you want to have a few cheap beers and dance with friends. Great place to meet friends or to meet new people. People are in a good mood (probably drunk) and i've met some nice people out there. You have your occasional Philadelphia douchebags and Jersey wannabe guidos who roll through, but outside of that it is a nice place to settle to have a drink and laugh a little with your friends.Got a drink here, nice beer selection.  It was early, around 9pm, and not crowded at all.  This place does get loud and lots of dancing around the bar as the night goes on.Been to this place twice and had fun both times. 75 cent high life is something you can argue with. Even though there's not much seating in the front, I ended up at a table both times and the waitress that served us was very friendly and fast. The DJ was good enough and kept our crowd moving and the night going. The crowd is definitely college-aged, but nothing seems too rowdy ever (aka it doesn't seem like a frat party). I'd recommend it.Now, when I first walked in here with a friend to visit Tommy bartending - the first words out of my mouth were "Where the fuck did you take me?" as we headed through the ridiculous fist pumping crowd to the back bar to get drinks. The place grew on me, it helped that I was with 4 people I knew too and that the drinks were continuously poured. 
I've been back after that incident with the same friend, where champagne / leinenkugel and jameson were involved- so it's safe to say I will end up here again and again- just never on a saturday night.Lucy's certainly seems to be the place to be on a Saturday for partying it up and dancing-I also had a challenge to try and get 4 numbers or my friend would punch in the face at the end of the night (she punched me in the arm instead).
I did talk to some interesting ladies here, but Lucy's is not the best place to really try to strike up a conversation due to the blaring music (I sound like a grandpa here).  I liked the back bar a little better as you could actually hear yourself.
Drinks weren't too bad, and they actually have a Belgian White here. Still a fun place to be on a Saturday night, if you can mind being crushed by people and the loud musicThis is a great place to hang out with a group of friends.  Me and a few friends usually head down on Thursday nights for $.50 high lifes and $1.00 well drinks from 9-11.  It's college night, so if you're not college aged it may be a bit much to handle.  I took some older friends (25+) and they felt pretty awkward.  
The music is a good mix of rock, top 40 and electronic.  Nice seating area above the bar and a nice amount of space.  Great for groups!One thing about traveling with girls is that each one wants something different.
some want it healthy
some want it cheap
Some want it nearby
Some want  american
Some want mexican
Some want a beer
Some dont drink so they dont want a bar...
...and the list continues
and therefore it makes it almost impossible to ever sit down and eat!
After taking the advice of the Concierge at our hotel we walked over to 2nd and Market and could not find anything that really appealed to all of our criteria.  Just when I thought we were going to end up eating oreo cookies from the hotel gift shop a glimmer of hope appeared in the form of Lucy's.  A friend of mine comes here every weekend for the Eagles games and we thought "if its good enough for him, its good enough for me!"
Well it fit every critera... except for maybe the "healthy".  It was very reasonably priced with large servings!  And the food wasn't bad at all.  They had "mexican" and "american" foods and while a slight bit spicy, the pico was great!
The beer selection was good, the bathrooms were clean and they brought us a pitcher of water when we asked.  Plus its non smoking so it didn't completely feel like a bar
Overall a perfect place for this group of picky out of town  girls :)is it me, or has this place gone waaay down?  either its really crowded with assholes, or midly crowded with assholes.  takes forever to get a drink.  not enough bathrooms.  predicable music.  blah blah blah.Great dance bar! It was my first time here and was surprised at how big it is (relatively more spacious than other dance bars). The DJ is great! good amount of tequila poured in when we ordered rounds of shots too. It's not stuff and hot as much as other  bars. I would def come back!I went to Lucy's  this past saturday to catch up with some friends for some drinks. It had started snowing earlier that night, and the roads were pretty icy so I didn't expect to see  many people out. Surprisingly it was pretty packed. There was a five dollar cover at the door, and several drink specials going on at the bar. The crowd was definitely a young college crowd. The DJ did a great job of keeping everyone entertained through playing Everything from Dub-step to ratchet Dirty South music. The dance floor was packed. Another good thing about this place was that it was not a complete sausage fest unlike other spots in the area. I would definitely recommend to group of friends looking for a good time on a Saturday night.I liked the fact that Lucy's had a nice area of tables and chairs for larger groups, which accommodated my friends when we met up for a large get-together.  I also liked the fact that there were drink specials, including $3 finlandia vodka drinks, even though they seemed a little watery.  And it was nice that the waitress kept coming to our table to check if we needed anything, so we didn't need to keep heading to the bar.
One thing I really wasn't a fan of, however, was the noise level.  I could barely hear the person sitting right next to me due to the decibel level.  Honestly, does music need to be that loud?  I'm not deaf, and neither are my friends--although we may be headed in that direction  if Lucy's doesn't lower the volume at least a few notches!I have no idea why I did this, but instead of buying the $1 or $3 drinks, I bought 6 shots, a beer, and a mixed drink for $50 when I should've just spent like $15. After that I felt kinda crappy. I wish that the bartender had told me that there were some deals going on.
On the bright side, I liked the music and the owner is awesome/accommodating.Mike Trico: Probably  one of the most Intimidating Running Backs in the league,Kevin Martin has been dominating clubs and bars since  '01 with his mix of brute strength and finesse that is only rivaled by bouncers and well...Adrian Peterson.
Jon Gruden: But Mike tonight he faces his toughest opponent yet, "Big" Lucys hat shop. She has the ability to make even the biggest man think twice about his next move.
Mike Trico: With wild and unconventional 40 man and women rushes the team makes getting to the Yellow Zone (Bathroom) almost impossible. Upon his  being traded to Philly he had only had to use some of his well known moves to get through to pay dirt.
Ron Jaworski: The spin move, The "excuse me" or  the "pardon me in various languages,the nudge, the elbow,the "wait and see" ,the "follow the leader" ,the hook and in some case and often devastating for those on the opposite end, the move appropriately name "the steamroller"
Mike Trico: But will that work at all against a foe that Kevin has only begun to understand just how tight, crap and downright congested that defensive line is...and that's just to get the bar. 
Jon Gruden: Even at 6'10 280lbs i dint think he knows whats going to happen but he is a veteran and with that comes the experience to know to be ...BE PREPARED
Mike Trico: we ll find out tonight on the special Saturday edition of Monday night football
(Que the music)lol
Put bluntly it is hell in that place if you aren't willing to elbow or truck any and all comers man,woman or child. The bar as a whole is awesome,even when its a sausage party predominately,But it is pretty damn good. The owner actually works behind the bar i think and he is cool. In fact the drinks are good mostly ...the mix drinks, another good long island place. Not a fan of the beer not only because it doesn't get me drunk but because  either i am not being selective or there isn't much of a selection. They have a variety of music but if you want to dance the back room is the only place you will have room to do so. If you get there late  there will be a significant line because this place is despite its tight quarters very popular. But other than that its pretty reasonably price ,the bar food isn't half bad and you will definitely have alto of fun with this seemingly mixed group of some older and some college kids. There are some creepers in there ,be warned young ladies...otherwise..Enjoy!When my friends and I need to wind down (read: get cruuunk) and we're heading to Old City, it's almost implied that we're going to Lucy's Hat Shop. (There are actually two bars - Lucy's, which is downstairs, and Top Hat, which is upstairs.)
I wanted to have my birthday at a fun bar with good drink specials, good music, and no cover. I actually prefer downstairs but it always feels more crowded there, so I went with Top Hat. (Are the drink specials better downstairs? They're more clearly displayed there.) Lucy's and Top Hat are bars where you can get dressed up if you want or be super casual. As the night wears on it can definitely feel crowded but I've never had a problem moving or dancing.This bar has a great dj if you're looking to dance. Went here on a Thursday night and rail drinks were $1 and high life bottles were $.75! The bartenders aren't consistent one of my drinks tasted like juice the other tasted how cranberry and vodka should...There is an area up front with tables where a waitress will take your drink orders instead if fighting at the bar.Lucy's used to be my go to in college. Technically, Top Hat was my go to but in the middle of the night my friends and I would always find ourselves downstairs at Lucy's at some point. I like this place compared to other Old City clubs. It gets a bit crowded later in the night and you might risk having certain patrons bumping into you and spilling the occasional drink or two on you but that's to be expected. The back room is fun for dancing and I the ledge against the wall is convenient for placing your drink or clutch. The prices aren't too bad for Philly and they usually have good shot and tiny heiny specials going on.3.5 stars.
Stumbled upon this place when I was going to my car... which was parked right in front. The music sounded good & it had a decent amount of people for a Saturday night.
The first room we stepped into was big & very casual with machines to play at. They were playing top 40's. We explored further back and it was a smaller room with hip-hop music. We then ventured upstairs which was more of a lounge & the DJ was playing reggaeton & hip-hop.
Each room had a different vibe to it which was fun to explore. Drinks were okay ($11 for a shot of patron). If I was from the area I would probably come back on an occasion.Been here many times with friends on weekends. Fun place, good atmosphere, cool crowd, and good specials. A place to check out if you're in the city and looking for a chill casual place to go.I went here with some friends for a birthday party, and to be honest, it wasn't all that I had heard it was.  I'd checked it out online and yeah...nothing like the nice looking picture, at least not when people are in it....
The servers take your drinks when they are still half full, even from a table where people are sitting...nice...so you pay for half the drink *sigh*.  Also the DJ seemed high when I spoke to him and requested a song. I'm all for people being high in their spare time, to each their own...but when you're at a place of work, mmmmmmm not so much. He was pretty much a deadhead. Also, there is a womans and mens restroom, with ONE bathroom in each...for an establishment that gets as crowded as this place...too small (At least on the ground floor, there was a privvy party upstairs so I dont know about up there).  Also the security were pretty rude outside for the smokers who had to go out there, a little politeness never killed anoyne...Dont think I'd return here if  I was completely sober again, I've been to better places.I'm sober, so I'm giving 2 stars while writing this review.  Last time I was there, I was hammered, so I probably would have given this place 5 stars then.  Cheap strong drinks.Slowest bartenders i've EVER seen in my life, with bouncers who are power hungry.
I ordered 3 drinks from the bar and I literally heard two songs pass by... one of them was just a simple draft beer. And the bouncer decided to kick my friend out by grabbing him by the neck, putting him in a chokehold, and dragging him out when all he was doing was dancing with our friends and not touching anyone. 
There's a lot of places to go in old city... this is not one to recommend.boring, nobody really dancing, so so music, bunch of college kids that dont know what the f to do with themseves, and older people that need to let their youth go. waste of time. shitLucy's was one of my first hang outs in Philly after I turned 21 years ago. As I've gotten older, it really just isn't my scene anymore. Despite the inexpensive drinks, it's similar to a frat party.
My husband and I were in old city last night and knew they had a foursquare check-in special so decided to stop in around 7:30. We were the only ones in the bar aside from the staff. It felt really awkward. Plus the bartender tried to tell us we needed to buy something with the check-in special, despite nothing of the sort being said on the offer/fine print. Needless to say we did not feel welcome and left.I guess I'm one of the anti-social twenty-somethings to which Jon L was referring.  Except I'm far too social for that.  It's just that those I socialize with tend to be found in bars that are darker and have better music than Lucy's.  
Russ mentioned Lucy's identity complex, an observation with which I concur.  When I got in there, they were playing the Cure but it spiraled downward and not into Love Spirals Downward but into some pop junk that was on way too loud.  The best thing they had on draft or in a bottle was Blue Moon which is not saying much.  I'm sure they have great specials but unfortunately they don't have what I drink.  
Also, it's in Old City so it was filled with Old City people.Wow, this place was a sweet sweet find on my first visit to Philly! The local beer was cheap, girls were plentiful, the bartender (Monica) and others worked their asses off all night and I didn't wait for beer at all! One of the bouncer was cool to let me use the bathroom after "the bathrooms have been cleaned already" YOU STILL OWE ME 20 bucks! but thanks. The crowd was diverse, music kept people moving, and did I mention Monica, WOW Monica! :-) Thanks for taking care of me while I was at this establishment!Yay! I'm a fan. This review is only for the downstairs section, and only for Friday / Saturday nights.  My resistance towards liking this place was strong at first, given the douchebaggery that can be ever present at this establishment. However, tolerating this leads to some nice payoffs. This place is on par, or a bit cheaper as far as pricing with most other bars. Obvious plus. Drink specials before 12 are extra sweet.  Music in the front and back sections is always good and offer a solid mix. And there does seem to be a quality selection of good looking people for everyone.  No cover also makes me feel good about wasting my night, drinking high life and not talking to any girls because im quite lame....Came here last night for the 90's Dance Party. Good-size crowd. Decent specials (Bud and well-drinks for $1 until midnight).
Only complaints? Bartender seemed to be ignoring us later into the night as if he wanted to start charging full price. Also, there seems to be a lack of manners among patrons. What happened to "Sorry." and "Excuse me." ?Not going to try and go over what other people said, just going to drop in what I like.
Thursday night great pre game spot. $.75 High Life's(The Champagne of beer) and $3 shots of Honey Brown Jack. 
Solid.Lame bar for lame people.
Overcrowded
Smells like fat people
Sweaty
Awful music
Don't wear fresh kicks, they will get ruined
A bunch of 30 somethings trying to hold on to their early 20's
White + Asian broads have NO business trying to pop their booties
This place reps everything that I hate and do not stand for
"Cool" and condescending bartenders and DJ'sIt's a no-cover college bar... use your imagination.When I first met Lucy I quickly realized she was a little confused about her identity.  A little later on I came to believe that she was a full fledged schizophrenic. Not the kind of crazy schizophrenic who points out imaginary tourist attractions, but rather the kind who just wants to be your friend.  Lucy's is a bar with many different aspects that come together to create a great place to drink.  I say Lucy's has an identity complex because the atmosphere and look change approximately every fifteen paces.  The entry is filled with seats for the food service; while fifteen paces deeper into the drunkenness is an 80's dance party (I'll pay anyone $500 dollars if they are there for an hour and don't hear a Journey or Bon Jovi song). Go further back through the labyrinth of twenty-something's and you'll find a few random couches (apparently this is the lounge).  It is here where you may be tempted to stop and rest your feet, but alas, you hear the undeniable voice of Lil' John calling you to the back room and towards Lucy's very own hip hop bar.
Lucy's is a great place for college-aged people to gather.  Here there is something for everyone to enjoy.  And with it's great beer and shot specials you are assured to be stumbling home pointing out imaginary tourist attractions.What's with Philadelphia and the smoking ban? First it was on, then off. Now it's on again.
Anyway. I was in Lucy's over the weekend and found it pleasantly smoke-free inside. It's one of those not-too-classy-but-not-too-trashy bars that, really, are what most people in their mid twenties want out of a night spot. The crowd is sort of eclectic, college students and young professionals. Everyone goes to have a pretty good time, it seems. People dance, sometimes. There are pretty people to be met. 
The place is pretty huge, too, and if you start to feel claustrophobic in the front room Saturday night mob, you can retreat to the back bar to play some pool or just, ya know, regroup. Like I said, it's a pretty good place for a pretty wide range of twenty-somethings. Except the anti-social ones.Always plays the best music from top hits to early 2000's hits and a fun place to go and dance. Only downside is the frat crowd since we're older now...but for college age, definitely my favorite! Also, there is no one there before 11pm.
PS. We got a free whiskey shot by checking in with Yelp!this place blows. go there if u wanna wait 15 minutes for a drink or get elbowed by 27 fratted out college kids attempting to show off dance moves in a circle of douch-ery.I invited a bunch of friends to Lucy's for a benefit. We arrived early and got a table. The place filled with a young crowd and the music was so loud you could not talk. Then they came over and took our chairs that were against the wall. Next thing you know, they take our table! They said it was because of the crowd. We left and will never go back. You can keep your guido crowd and your warm beer. A good night for me isnt being smashed against the wall while people try and squeeze past you.If you're looking to get ridiculously drunk / dance without giving a damn that you have absolutely no rhythm / go home with some random fratty guy, then def check out Lucy's Hat Shop.
I can see this place being a lot of fun when you just want to let loose and go crazy but it's not the place for me (maybe I just wasn't drunk enough?).  I went there to meet some friends and had to fight through crowds of people to get to the back room, all the while getting groped by random guys. 
That being said, the music's good, the drinks are cheap, and there's no cover.  If you want to get wild like your undergrad days (on an undergrad budget) this is the place to do it.Not as constistently fun as it used to be however can still deliver a good night of fun. Thursday night is still a great night to go with 75 cent miller high lifes. The music can go from hot to cold in a flash, however there is a good mix and they do take requests.This place is my go to.  Never fails as an awesome time.  I go there ONLY to dance ALL night long.  Play's top 40's- will mix in some old school songs but there's a lot of space for dancing, sure it can get slightly crowded but I'm always able to find a good opening for my girlfriends and I to just dance.
Yes, it's a dive bar.  Drinks will spill, floor is grimy, and later in the night, girls will be hugging the toilet but I'm only there for a good time dancing- who cares what everyone else is doing. 
Surprisingly it's quite difficult to find a place in philly with space to dance with a good DJ that keeps the mood up and going who plays top 40's.  It's a great stress reliever to dance all night.  Lucy's is my place to do it.  I'm not into the bumping and grinding thing- gets old and boring.  I like my personal space.  There's room for that here.I have yet to have a good experience at Lucys.  Every single time I have been there, the bartenders have been absolute assholes.  It is interesting how people who you are giving your money to can be so rude!  I have worked in the industry for 7 years, so I know what it is like to be working in a bar at 2am surrounded by drunk people when you are sober and working and tired.  This is why I tend to cut bartenders some slack..but every time I have been there, I have had a different bartender, and every single time, each one was worse than the last.  Maybe at some point, whoever runs this place will realize that if you keep treating your customers like shit, they will go some place else.I really enjoy this discobar for several reasons.
1. No cover. Always a plus!
2. Small bar that attracts people who actually go there to dance.
3. There is actually room on the dance floor and a decent crowd there.
Now that I have listed the perks, I'll proceed with a small summary. Lucy's Hat Shop is actually two bars,  Lucy's Hat Shop and Top Hat. Top Hat, as you could imagine, is the top floor of the bar, while Lucy's maintains the bar crowd. Lucy's gets very crowded because it has several bars, one in each room. Top Hat is more geared toward dancing with one central bar and the rest of the wide room dedicated to a dance floor and seating.
My only real negative about this place is that the DJ's aren't very good at transitioning between songs but you aren't paying a cover that would go towards paying professional DJ's so you get what you pay for. That said, Hip-Hop and Top 40 hits are still played and you'll find yourself dancing to all your favorites.
Definitely take a peak at this place, even if it's just for 20 minutes.Another crappy, crowded Old City haunt.  On one occasion one of the male barterers cut me off when I wasn't nearly drunk enough yet continued to funnel alcohol down the throats of the stumbling drunk 21 year old girls around me.  Hmmm...  On another occasion I was trying to request a song from the DJ.  He was too busy dancing with two of the same stumbling drunk girls behind the rope which separates a lounge area from his DJ "booth."  He then proceeded to yell at me for being too close to the rope.  I promptly made fun of his dance moves in mocking gestures and he tried to get me thrown out of the bar.  It was slightly hilarious, though mostly a waste of my time.  I have zero interest in returning to this bar.Lucy's is OK, a decent place to go and get some $3 High Lifes, but don't get anything on tap - everything I've had from the taps is a bit flat.Cheap beer, beer pong up front, lots of room, and halfway decent DJ music.
$2 dollar Bud Lights (as long as they last) on Friday and Saturday nights which is unheard of in that area.  They also run a happy hour thing that's like $20 for all you can drink or something crazy like that, but I think it's only during certain hours.Three things first: 1. by checking in between 7-9PM, you can get a free shot of SoCo Lime. I washed it down with my 75 cent (!!!) Miller High Life. Second thing, there is free Wifi in the joint, but it may be a private line, because it is named the Latin word for "little tail" (here's to being discreet!). Third, the happy hour/specials on Thursday are killer, even if they're not high-end. I don't care. When my beer is less than a dollar, I celebrate. 
That said, the atmosphere is your typical dive bar, in the sense that something sticky may be on the table. The space is good for some drunken dancing later in the night and the dark space lends to the excitement. I've always wanted to visit the upstairs, so I will have to do that next time I go.I have never had a bad night at Lucy's!  But I also have never had a sober night at Lucys...  For some reason every time I am out in old city my friends and i always end up here at some point in the night.  There is always a pretty reasonable special for the night, and the music is usually pretty decent!  I was just recently in the upstairs and didn't enjoy it as much as the down stairs.I've been to Lucy's twice so far. Both were on a Saturday night and with some co-workers. First time we went it was rather late and therefore very crowded. We were pretty much only able to stay in the area of the bar right next to the entrance. Drinks are reasonably priced, with daily specials and every day specials. Music was rather loud, too loud at times. I was surprised that the bartender could hear me. But what can you expect for a bar that caters to a college crowd. I thought the music was good though, tons of drunk people dancing all around. The back bar (where the men's bathroom is) wasn't as crowded. It's hard to realize that it's there unless you know it's there or went to the bathroom. Pretty good experience overall, especially if you're just looking to have fun without expecting much more than what Lucy's is.
Second time around I organized an open bar with my co-workers. Open bar is 9pm-11pm and Lucy's gives you 4 different price options (lowest is $20 up to $36 per person) for the open bar. The drinks included in the open bar follow accordingly. We chose the 2nd lowest option ($25) which included all draft beers, one liquor mix drinks, house wine, and all soda/juice drinks. They also reserved the "DJ area" for us which is a lounge in between the front and back bars. Nothing special but it's pretty cool when it's just you and your group sitting there on the leather furniture. And waiters/waitresses will come around every so often and ask orders.
Overall, my first two times at Lucy's was great! Like I said, can't really ask for much more as long as you have reasonable expectations. Friendly bartenders, good service, decent bathrooms (men's, at least), and good music to dance to.
I haven't been upstairs to Top Hat, but I hear it's a little more relaxed and chilled out. I'll definitely have to go up there some time.You know that stereo-typical high school cafeteria where the Black kids sit with the Black kids, and the White kids sit with the Whites?
That certainly applies to Lucy's - a bar with a dividing line halfway through, separating '80s music from 2000-something rap. These boundaries are quietly forged, but deeply observed. I value the wider draw, but I see people rigid to these invisible walls.
It's over-crowded, popped collar-heavy, and you'll wait forever for a drink. Still, as others have alluded to, it's a fun place to go and suck up domestics with a larger group of friends. It's not a regular stop on my vapor-route, but it's an ace up the sleeve for some good old sweaty fun.
If I could, 2.5 is the true # I'd award Lucy.I love Lucy's! it's a must when in olde city. the demographic is perfect for kids my age, the music is a -go and there are multiple rooms and bars.  the DJ will play whatever you ask him to in both rooms.  the only downfall? gross bathrooms, but that's prob a given. it's really pretty crowded all of the time, but probably because of the music and the drink specials.I will start out by letting you all know that I was already drunk by the time we got to Lucy's and had to wait in line...(wtf is up with a line at Lucy's?!)  I have to say I believe this was what added to my enjoyment bc once my buzz started to wear off I was seriously dissapointed.  
I began going to Lucy's when I was in college.  It was one of our go-to bars.  That was a much happier time...there was a warm and cozy feel with couches along the walls which had bookshelves filled with old classics.  It was as if you were drinking in the study of an old mansion or something.  I had only been there once before since like 2005, and saw they were making changes, now they have gone to far.  They got rid of the pool tables and put in another bar in the back...I can understand logistacly why they would do that, but it totally takes away from the fun and charm.  It is cramped and crowded and once I was sober not too much fun.Some people like cheap alcohol. By some people I mean myself.  You can get 2 beers and a shot for 10.  Not bad, eh? Come on! There's a recession!
I personally like the music that's spun in the front more than the hiphop they play in the back.  Occasionally I can find a few dancing drunkees that agree with me.Lucy's isn't perfect, but it's pretty solid. In short, no cover, cheap drinks, a great place to dance, and a pretty attractive crowd. The place really fills up around 10-10:30 with a line outside.
Their drink specials are pretty sweet! On Saturday nights until 11, You can get Jack, Cuervo, and Soco and Lime shots, and Stoli vodka well drinks for $3 and Bud Light bottles for $2. I don't think their well drinks are very strong. As a lightweight on a half empty stomach, I had four and only felt buzzed. 
Service is hit or miss. My friends got there early and grabbed a table with a friendly waitress who came by every so often to check if we needed drinks. At the beginning of the night when it wasn't crowded, I grabbed my first drink from a grouchy bartender who literally tossed my change onto the table.
The bathroom is by no means nice or even average, but it's acceptably shady. Ladies, be careful when using the first stall farthest from the sinks. The lock doesn't work and you could probably break the door if you're too rough.
There are three rooms, each with their own bar and uniquely lame DJ. The front room has a few tables and the DJ chose to play a strange mix of awful depressing music (My Chemical Romance), top 40 hits (every Katy Perry song), and the classic songs drunk people love to sing along to (the Fresh Prince of Bel Air). The back room had no tables and only a small corner with a bench (probably used for storing your stuff and drunken hookups). Its DJ chose to play songs perfect for grinding with strangers and club hits from the 90s (seriously?). I have yet to go upstairs.
All in all, Lucy's is a good time. Just don't expect it to be too classy.Why do I always end up at Lucy's Hat? I've been here exponentially more times than any other place in Philadelphia, and never by my own suggestion. Somehow it seems to be a favorite with everyone, without any real reason to be. Then again, it doesn't have a real reason not to be either. There are decently priced drinks, no cover, enough space for dancing and good music (and by good, I just mean all the post-2005 mega hits). Is that really so hard to find in Philadelphia? Apparently so.
If you're looking for the dance floor, bypass the first floor completely (which has more of a pub feel to it) and head straight upstairs from the street. I've never used the bathrooms here, and just by inference I would avoid it if you can. As popular as Lucy's Hat seems to be among the masses, the crowd has always seemed questionable to me, or maybe the lighting just has that effect on all of us in there... But still, it's a fun place to go if you're going out in a pack and just want to let loose with your friends. It's also a good default if you're in Olde City and nothing else has worked out, because you can always rely on Lucy's Hat to be free, comfortably crowded and unpretentious. It's like a frat party, only getting accepted to college isn't a requisite; all you need is a pulse and an ID and you're good to go. So you'll have a good time - just don't wear anything dry-clean only, and don't give out your number.This place is a dirt floored thatched roof barn housing chickens with their heads cut off dancing to Rhianna as their feathered fat spills out over the waistband of their too tight jeans.
Oh and it smells like vomit.damn....i haven't been here in years, literally.
but, for the many drunken monkey sundays and the brilliant halloween party psydde had one year, 3 stars!! hooray!As we transitioned from one room the music got louder. The DJ amped up typical bar tunes; Mr. 305, Sir Mix A-Lot, and T-Pain were no certainly no strangers to the mix. Half naked ladies let loose grinding up on guys, girls, and anything else that stood still long enough.
If you're looking for a place to get wasted and dance your pants off, Lucy's is the spot for you! Cheap drinks all night long. There's an upstairs and a downstairs and you're minutes from everything in Olde City. As noted, it's a college bar scene!I love this place! I went on Friday for my birthday and there was such a good crowd. Everyone was happy & dancing and it wasn't over crowded. Great drink specials, free cover, good music!Best College bar / shit show in all of Philadelphia! 
This place is pretty much the bar equivalent to a Temple house party, but with a better DJ and worse bathrooms. If you're looking for a class-less crazy night, this is the place to be! 
No Cover, Thursday nights are $0.75 beers and $1 mixed drinks - always have amazing specials. 
If you're not into shoving through hoards of sweaty people or want to use a bathroom that isn't littered with broken glass - there are a ton of other places to go right down the street. AFTER you get drunk of your ass for half the price at Lucy's.So this was the happening spot on a Thursday night. It's 11pm. I've been out for six hours. I have a 15 block walk back to the hotel. It's a nice night and with lots of carbs in my belly my buddy and I decided to burn some calories by foot and if a spot catches our eye we'll sip on a few more brews.
I can hear the music blasting from across the street. There's a random dude balancing a bicycle over his head with a stick serving as your evening street show. It's loud and obnoxious from what I can see from a few hundred feet away. I suppose it's worth a trip inside.
If you're new to the drinking scene or any legal age interested in kicking it with some college kids this is your place. The DJ was spinning some pretty good beats while these kids were...well, being college students --- drunk, loud, flirty, etc. 
I certainly felt out of place being one of the old dudes in the room. Don't expect to have your hearing when you peace out. Just like any nightclub it's pretty damn loud inside.
A beer cost me a reasonable $4. If you check in between 7 and 9pm enjoy a free shot. It's a definite cool spot if I were nine years younger. I've aged out of this scene though.Lucy's Hat Shop is a bar, not a hat shop.
This casual spot is a decent size, with a main room (complete with pinball machine), back room, and upstairs area (that opens at 10). It gets noisy up in this joint, and the DJs that spin in the evenings do(n't) help. Crowd or not, service is consistently solid. (Thanks to Megan and Patrick for being cool!)
Don't get their Irish car bombs: last I checked, they were $12.50 each (that's bonkers), and they didn't seem to have Guinness, so we given a funky substitute to chug. Stick to their specials ($3 Jager shots, $6 Jagerbombs that night), and cheap bar eats. Their wings and tacos are safe bets.
Stop in early to avoid waiting in line, and enjoy their drink specials.
UPDATE: Thanks to the owner for clarifying that they've got Guinness and reasonably-priced bombs now!While you can't deny the fact that a 75 cent beer on a thursday in Philly is a great deal, you also cannot deny the fact that Lucy's is filled with bro's and hoes with a musical selection that hardly rivals my 14 year old sister's ipod's on the go playlists. If you go with a good group you'll have a good time, but don't be mistaken for another patron that hardly looks like you and get kicked out for being too "drunk" when you are only on your third beer. The bouncers are self important and really enjoy a good power trip.3 dollar shots? well, you don't gotta tell me twice!
$3 jack, soco & lime, and cuervo shots and $2 bud/bud light. This is really all I needed to hear to get my game on. 
If you come here with a big group, you're bound to have some fun but even if you were here with a smaller crowd, I'd say it's still a good time
Fantastic music in the back bar and upstairs...the regular bar- not so much.
A good place to get your jam on in Old City.