Fantastic addition to the RTM. The gazpacho is a perfect blend of sweet and spicy. The chicken salad is also fantastic, with great crunch from celery and not over dressed. Looking forward to many more visits!The vegan tuna is a life saver for vegans in the area.  So many food choices but almost all of it in the Market is heart clogging and fatty, gross.  The vegan tuna is tasty, ate this on a ciabatta roll picked up at another stand and it hit the spot.I can't get enough of their tuna salad or the soup!
They both have become stables in my diet. I'm not vegan but vegetarian and am always looking for yummy things to try. I tell everyone about them!A branch of the popular Vegan bistro in Hatboro has came to the Reading Terminal Market.  Vegans and non-vegans should be pleased with this development.  Set up on one of the cool old-fashioned carts in the center of the colorful food market, various vegan specialties are on sale here.  They have a nice black bean burger and a tasty risotto soup but the highlight here is the tuna fish.  This is a tuna fish made from chick peas and seaweed and I gotta tell you, to me it's more delicious than real tuna fish.  It's just plain good!  I could eat a whole pint of it alone - without the crackers or bread.  Try it and see what you think.  Anyway I'm glad Luhv Vegan Foods is now in the Reading Terminal Market!So what seems like an off shoot- is a real hit. The vegan Tuna is to die for. The gazpacho has the right amount of kick and acidity- bonus points for the peppery Taste. However, the best part of this deli are those Veggie burgers. Well priced and stupendously tasty. 
Can't wait til his set up is a bit more permanent in the terminal. A fine addition, and so happy with the proprietor and the food.Absolutely incredible! I got the tuna salad wrap which has vegan cheese, lettuce, tomato, and onion inside. The wrap was huge, and it was by far the best vegan tuna salad I've ever had. The man behind the counter was so nice and friendly! Overall awesome experience.Solid go to for vegans on the hunt for a quick bite. Chickn salad on a pita wrap hit the spot. Planning to make my way through the menu.This place is AMAZING. I'd give it 6 stars if I could.
The perfect vegan oasis within Reading Terminal, whose options tend to be fairly meat-heavy. Highly recommend visiting Luhv, and definitely recommend getting the Reuben!!We tried the Black bean burgers and they were delicious! I'll definitely be back to try the other items on the menu!! I highly recommend trying this place out!I am visiting Philadelphia and was excited to see the vegan deli, nestled in among the various cheesesteak and hot dog vendors at the market (yes, there are plenty of other options but there's a lot of meat). The tuna salad was simply amazing!  It has a nice textured appearance, great mouthfeel and a fresh, zingy taste.  I would definitely recommend it; in fact, they offer free samples so you can try before you buy!The vegan scene is really taking off in Philadelphia. I was in town for a conference and was really excited to know that there were going to be cheap easy to find vegan eats around here. I had the Reuben sandwich and it was so good. It wasn't your typical vegan fast food that is usually focused on "healthy/clean eating" it was just as greasy and yummy as anything else in the market. It hit the spot for that fatty/salty/greasy craving I had during lunch. Cheesy, meaty, and tangy all at once. I would go here all the time if I lived in Philadelphia!This was our first time at the market and were very happy to have found an ALL vegan sandwich shop. The employees behind the counter were friendly and the shop seems clean (for what we could see behind the counter).
We ordered the Reuben and tuna sandwiches. They were full of the delicious flavors we are used to at home. The tuna (chickpea and seaweed) sandwich was my favorite of the two. The fresh red onions, lettuce and slice of tomato were a great addition. The Reuben needed more sauerkraut and a pickle. 
This was the best option at the market and will definitely try again if we come back.At MeeMeeS:
I am sorry you had that experience :( I am African American and went for the first time today. The staff were ok. The person at the register took my order right away. I know the owners would not be too happy to hear staff treated a customer poorly, especially since the owners are a Latino family from Argentina. My only complaint is that my Reuben sandwich was very small, like a sandwich you would make for a child. BUT..it was very good.I was surprised at how good this place was. I got the Reuben and I was impressed with the flavor. I would for sure go back.Yes, I have been to reading terminal plenty of times. Always recommend people of all walks of life to check this place out if visiting Philadelphia. This was my first time at the Deli. I was super impressed. I am not vegan (yet), but will always opt for a vegan option of its available. I got the lunch special, with was a tuna sandwich, tomato soup, and lemonade, for only $10. It was perfect! I will visit this place again, and probably try everything on the menu!
Quality food, and it was good!Amazing. Just went here for the first time and got a vegan sausage egg and cheese, which I haven't had in years. Also got a mango whoopie pie which was fantastic. My new go-to spot.100% vegan 
The Reuben is unreal and can even fool a meat eater. Chicken salad is excellent too. Order 2 Reubens and you won't be disappointed. Great hipster scene @ Reading Terminal and some real Philly flavor going downI'm a huge fan of vegan food, so when I came across the deli in the Reading Terminal, I was excited. I stood there for 10 minutes watching the 3 workers behind the counter chatting amongst themselves. When they weren't engrossed in petty conversations, they were being extremely helpful to the fair-skinned customers. I'm not saying they are racist, but when you're the only person color waiting to order and they overlook you to assist their caucasian counterparts, how else are you to feel, especially after letting them know you are a consumer wanting to make a purchase. After 10 minutes, I left. I wish I could've given NO STARS. Attention Persons of Color: THIS IS NOT A PLACE TO PATRONIZE. I have once again become disillusioned by race relations in this country. What A ShameGreat option to have! But has a lot of fake meats and cheeses. Not as great as I had hoped. I'm all about mock deli food but gotta be done with whole and filling ingredients that feel a little more authentic, unfortunately. Cute tho! And glad they have an option :) may be just own opinion!In town for the weekend and was craving a Reuben. An absolute gem within Reading Terminal.guy with microscopic beanie had the attitude of a 15 year old whose rich parents forced him to get a job at the mall. felt like we were an incredible burden to be ordering food... would have had a better experience at McDonald's at 3 a.m.I was ecstatic to stumble upon this place among aisles of meat at the Reading Terminal Market and I was not disappointed! 
At the suggestion of the worker, I ordered the Reuben (made with "corned beef" seitan). It was undoubtedly one of the best vegetarian sandwiches I've had! I loved that the texture and thickness of the seitan exactly mimicked that of real corned beef. This is something I've never seen before and made it so unique. The thousand island dressing was also super tasty. And I even loved the bread and the way in which it was perfectly toasted! 
This is a must stop! I wish I wasn't traveling all day or else I definitely would have also grabbed some deli slices and cheese for later.Staff not very knowledgeable about the ingredients and said that it was outsourced so they "couldn't speak to what was really in it" we decided to eat elsewhere.Vegan spot in Reading Terminal! Delicious black bean burger with actual black beans in it. Breakfast bagel had vegan egg, bacon and cheese. Everything tasted great and allowed us to enjoy eating at the Terminal.Wow! what a find. had the rueben and was totally blown away. Looking for a reason to return to Philly so I can come back here.I stopped in here today in Reading Terminal Market after staying nearby and reading some Yelp reviews. After a bit of a search I found the stall and looked at the menu and display case. I decided on a vegan Rueben, some vegan pepperoni and some of the vegan chicken salad. I was quite impressed by the service as the guy that took my order was quite kind.
I got everything to go. There is a space to eat in the communal kitchen but I didn't stop there. I took my Rueben back to my hotel and ate. It was....pretty good. Well made with great flavors but quite small. I'm partial to another vegan rueben at Chicago's vegan diner. It really is the cat's meow. Luhv's was....fine but small and lacking the gooeyness I was hoping for. I don't like to subtract a star but it's for that. The ingredients to bread factor was almost there but yeah, I guess I want my reuben messy and rich. This was close.
I did enjoy the banter with the server, the opportunity to try a new vegan deli with great options in a new place for me. I will be back to try more.I love this place!  I was happy to find one vegan restaurant in Reading Terminal Market. I went there three times. The blueberry muffins were out of this world - soft, moist and delicious. And the black bean burger was the best! Our company had a team dinner at the Reading Terminal Market after the market closed and only a few of the stalls were open to serve us food. Luhv Vegan Deli was one of them. The burgers were a big hitThese guys know what is up with vegan food.  Seriously try their tuna salad.  Amazing flavor and texture.  I came back after a year to get some more and found it expanded into this lovely gem in Reading Market.  
I grabbed a Reuben this time.  Super good.  Great flavor and amazing crunch on the sourdough. As I finish writing this I'm heading back in to grab a cold sandwich for the road.  Keep it up Luhv!   See you again soon.Arrived at closing so kitchen closed. Bummer.  
So got a tub of vegan tuna fish and some gluten free bread slices. 
What a pleasant tasty suprise!!!!  Its not Vedge or VStreet but better then Hip City or etc. 
Cant wait to go back and get a full meal/entree.The cold cuts were amazing. Best vegan cheese & meat I've ever had, and that's coming from a long time vegetarian. The guy behind the counter was attentive & friendly. The only downside was they were out of a lot of choices they have listed on their website. But every item I bought was well worth the price. I'll definitely be back next time I'm in the area.I'm really grateful for Luhv Deli coming to Reading Terminal. I recently visited the Herbivorous Butcher in Minneapolis and was hoping Philly would get something like that. Lo and behold, Luhv Deli IS just like that! So much so that when I mentioned Herbivorous Butcher to the cashier when I visited he said that they actually import some of their supplies from Herbivorous Butcher.
I ended up getting some Pepperoni from this stall and using it on pizza. They perfectly nailed the taste and it's perfect for that application. I hope to try more of their offerings like their veggie burger mixes.I'm not even a vegan, and I don't live in Philadelphia, but oh do I wish I could go back every day for that black bean plantain sandwich! I had mine on gluten-free bread. I can't even describe the flavor; rich and sinful.Visited for with my Vegan sister for lunch. We split the tuna wrap and reuben. Price was decent ($16 for both), but the food was subpar. While the vegan options in Reading Terminal are limited, I think there are much better alternatives in the city to check out for lunch/dinner.Ordered the tuna salad sandwich, from all the reviews. Was tasty,  I split it with my partner since we also wanted to head to fox & sons for vegan corn dog.  Sandwich is on rye and pretty basic.  I would order the sandwich again,  maybe would be better if they offer a tuna melt. Not sure if that's on the menu.Sad to say this didn't live up to the hype.
My reuben was dry and tasteless. However, I appreciated that they didn't skimp on the seitan; it was piled in a few layers. But aside from that, the provolone was nonexistent and there was little dressing.
I know it's the city, and I know it's vegan food, but this stuff is overpriced for what you get. Tons of other places offer better food for lower or the same prices. Even right within Reading Terminal. 
(Side note: Even worse was finding out this deli doesn't serve sandwiches or hoagies--just a reuben or chickpea salad sandwich. I was hoping to buy a sandwich to try the products and then buy the lunch meat separately to take home. It's too expensive to just take a chance on. I feel like this is a serious missed opportunity.)Yay! Finally, a totally vegan inspired space in the Reading Terminal! A great menu and good selection of sandwiches and treats. The Rueben was the bomb!!! I had the chance to meet Facundo and he is a great guy, that just made the experience even better. Check this place out!Had the vegan reuben and just that a while back.  It was very tasty but perhaps a little small for the price. I will of course emphasize though that this is vegan and this place seems to make all their vegan meats and substitutes so I suppose for a homemade sandwich I'll let it go. The "meat" was tasty and the sandwich was overall pretty good as far as sandwiches go. I've of course never had a non vegan reuben so I'm no expert. Please tip the staff though as they are hardworking behind that counter and it seems to be a bad trend in Reading Terminal to not tip, they seemed overly grateful when I put a couple bucks into the tip jar so please remember if you want these kinds of businesses to stick you have to tip!The Reuben is freakin delicious. I wish it was toasted more but I will tell them that next time! Very nice people working here and amazing vegan options that I have never seen before, but I just had one issue. So they're a deli right? Meaning they sell "cold cuts" made of plants etc. They also sell a sandwich or two. But you can't get a cold cut sandwich? Like if I wanted a vegan turkey and cheese sandwich they can't do that at the stand, which I personally think kind of sucks... I think they're missing out on a bunch of money. I'll be back. I'll just have to order some toast, a quarter pound of vegan deli meat, and two slices of vegan cheese ¯\_(ツ)_/¯I love the idea of "everything vegan"... so dietary vegans don't have to ask or ponder. Service was disorganized including the meal preparation. The cashier explained he was new. I arrived on a Wednesday about 1:15pm and they were out of rolls...OK give me bread. Seitan laid out open just inches from the cashier and customers on the meat cutter... not a sanitary move. Mom bought plastic gloves and had to climb in to help the only meal preparer. This is in Reading Terminal market which I presume can get busy during lunchtime. Be prepared... have plenty of food and other supplies to deal with the lunch rush. I relish the concept but the execution falls short.Awesome little place inside reading terminal :) I almost gave up on this place as it was quite hard to find inside but it was worth the adventure. Their setup is quite small but the workers there were super friendly and insisted on giving me samples of anything I wanted to try - the seitan is really delicious! I went with the sausage egg and cheese and wasn't disappointed -super flavorful and filling. Definitely going to stop by next time I visit Philly!Luhv the Reuben flavor but needed more "meeat". Flying Monkey vegan choc cupcake was 5* . Choc cake with exceptional buttercream icing.I was so happy to see this deli open in Reading Terminal Market!! Woo!
Two weeks ago, I tried their Rueben and loved it! The seitan was tomato-y and savory while the thousand island dressing was creamy. I loved the crunchy slaw and the melty cheese as well. It was a great sandwich! I can't wait to try more of their fantastic options!Delicious chickpea burger! The chipotle mayo is so good! it's a hearty and satisfying burger!This place adds a lot to Reading Terminal. Ironically across from another deli, everything on the menu is vegan. In philly in 2019, that's not necessarily surprising, but it is worth noting that they cover a wide array of typical meat-based deli offerings. You can get vegan corned beef, ham, cheeses, and even capicola. It's impressive to see that they work to make that variety available. As far as ready to eat food offerings go, they have a range of deli salads, breakfast sandwiches, desserts, and the famous Rueben. 
I ordered the Rueben and have to say the flavors are stellar. The kraut is sharp but not overwhelming.  The dressing is satisfying. The corned "beef" is tart and savory with beautifully crisp edges. The rye bread compliments those flavors well. But their Swiss cheese was everything a cheese (vegan or non-vegan) should be. It melted perfectly and was creamy and flavorful. The only downside is that I wanted the rye to be a tad more rye-tasting and another slice of the corned seitan. 
I plan to come back to take home some of their deli cuts and cheeses, plus try the breakfast sandwich.The black bean plantain burger is delicious. Although it has poblano peppers in it, it's not spicy at all. The bun is big. Overall it's a nice vegan burger. My friend had chicken wrap and she likes itI downloaded yelp just to give them five stars. This place is ridiculously good. Every single thing is off the charts. If your vegan friend is bummed bring them something from this deli, I promise they will forget their woesProblem solved.  Full stop this vegan deli answers the call to any vegan foodie.  I would go for the Parmesan alone but the provolone, capicola, & tuna salad are so good I can't stop myself from buying them too!Great tiny vegan deli in the heart of the Reading market -- so nice to find this oasis. We've bought deli meats, cheeses, and the chicken salad, all very good. Next up, we'll try some of their cooked offerings. 
Tip: might want to get there early to ensure ample supply, they seem to sell out quickly.I am sitting here mid-sandwich and I can't even wait until I'm done to write a glowing review. I am engaging in Veganuary (vegan January) and stopped by here today for lunch. I ordered the Black Bean and Plantain burger and it is truly to die for. As a natural meat-eater, I haven't tried a lot of veggie burgers to compare this one to, but this sandwich's flavors are absolutely delicious. From the bun to the spinach, mushrooms, and vegan gouda cheese...I can't explain how absolutely satisfied I am. I will definitely be back! Thanks, Luhv Vegan Deli!Tagged along with a friend who has dairy and soy issues. My low rating comes from the difficult communication we had with the staff not the actual food items. We asked whether any of the vegan cheeses had soy..and she responds "No, they're all vegan." Me="But do they have soy?" Her="Everything is vegan here." Oh-kayyy. I think she realized at the end that soy is something separate but idk. They were great about giving samples and overall had a great attitude so i think it's just a lack of knowledge rather than bad service. I sampled the gouda cheese - which apparently they don't sell separately but i definitely recommend if you're ordering a sandwich. It was pretty good and this is coming from a cheese lover! The tuna salad sample was good too. I am overall excited to have this addition and looking forward to trying the food here.I absolutely love there food. I had a black bean burger with plantain an omggg it was delicious! It melts in your mouth! The girl behind the counter was super sweet as well!I've had a few things from there. I'm not a big fan of the vegan meats after a couple of bites, but their fake cheeses are great. The staff is very friendly and helpful! This little spot helps my poor, lactose intolerant stomach.My partner and I came to the market for the first time to visit from Jersey and I thought I was going to struggle finding a vegan place for me to eat, however I was wrong. I found this Deli, small and only two people working. They have a variety of deli meats and cheeses you can buy and several sandwiches. I picked the lox because it sounded good and I do not regret it. It was delicious! They ran out of bagels but I had it with a brioche bun which was just fine. I would love to come back and try everything else.I was excited to find a vegan spot close to my hotel. I tried the Reuben sandwich as it had pretty decent reviews. I ordered the lunch special 1/2 of a Reuben sandwich, chips and a drink $10. The sandwich was more like a 1/4 of a sandwich was very greasy. My lunch was the joke of the table. I didn't even select my drink but he gave me a lemonade so I just went with it. It was disgusting. And, the chips were hard with no salt.  Lastly, the guy behind the counter was not friendly at all. Do not waste your money!!!!I always come here and order the lox sandwich and it never disappoints. They use cured beats for the "lox" which is different from other places I've tried, but its so good! I have yet to try their other items, but they have a wide variety of vegan deli meats and sandwiches to choose from. The staff is super friendly and helpful as well.this vegan deli was amazing! i got like a 1/4 lb of the  corned seitan. it was absolutely delicious. i love how they have faux meats and cheeses to sell as if a butcher would. great menu as well.I took my boys to the deli. The vegan deli. Ya know, the one in the market. No Carl, not that one, the one by the convention center. My boys and I love the market. We got a little lost along the way and I didn't think we would make it. I didn't love that part, but here I am on the other side of another great day at the deli, the vegan deli, with my boys. A great deli for eating at with your boys. Let's go get some coffee now, boys.I've been to the Luhv in hatboro, PA and was excited to try this one out since I moved to the city. Everything was great, hard to find since it's in the reading terminal but so glad I did find it. The staff were super helpful and nice! I got the vegan Rueben and it was so great you wouldn't even know it was vegan & the "tuna" is a must try as well! One of my favorite vegan spots around.Today I drove 25 mins. paid for parking only to have the guy working to get an attitude with me after he handed me my items without a bag (sandwich and container of tuna salad)and after I stood there in disbelief he asked was there anything else as if to say "why are you still here" worst part is I get home to eat and realize he gave me a container of tuna salad someone already ate from and must have been storing in the same fridge. Too far to go back for $5.49 but I'll never eat there again. I wish I could share a picture of this tuna. It looks like someone dipped a chip or something in it. You can even see the grooves like it was a ruffled chip!Vegans like this place because they probably don't know any better or remember what meat tastes like...
I'm not a vegan but I dig vegan food and maybe it's just something you need to get used to but The Reuben tastes like glue with a hint of fennel. I can't speak to any of their other products and I'd honestly still be williing to go back and try the tuna and chicken salad and update my review if it tastes better. Front counter people were nice though and doing their best.I was in Philadelphia this weekend for a conference and I came here twice. The Reuben is amazing, but I have never seen such unenthusiastic workers in my life. They literally look at you like they have no idea what you're doing there when you come up to the counter to order. So odd. But still go and get a Reuben.After eating there I got the runs bad. So sick. Never again. I do not recommend.Little hard to find in the mix at this large food court but worth the effort. Had one of the best Racheals ever, vegan or not. Honestly could not tell it was vegan in any way. Nice staff too, will be going back next time I'm back in the cityI've been wanting to get here for months, and somehow I missed it on my last visit to Reading Terminal. This time, I was on a mission to find it. I was so excited about the reuben because that was one of my favorite sandwiches before I stopped eating meat. I was not disappointed. For the price, I was expecting a larger sandwich. This, however, was a quality over quantity. It had a great taste, and even my non-vegan mother approved. I took home small containers of the chicken and tuna salads. The chicken was a winner, but I don't think I'll be ordering the tuna again. I recommend trying this place out for yourself, and I look forward to going back again soon.I'm not vegetarian, but came to check it out. It really doesn't taste like Rueben, but the effort is noticed. The sauerkraut, thousand island, and cheese was a great combo. The slices of seitan 'Rueben' are just too thin and dry to be like real corned beef, but if you close your eyes it might be good enough. The GF toasted rye bread is just a vehicle.  I'm glad they toasted it without needing to request it specifically, and it was really quick to make.
$9 to try this sandwich wasn't a regret. I would come back and try other creations.We had the Italian hoagie and the sausage egg sandwich. Couldn't believe how amazing they were. How do they make vegan meats and cheeses like that? Mind blowing. Definitely give this place a visit.Tucked away inside the busy Reading Terminal Market is an amazing gem. Luhv Vegan Deli exceeded my expectations. 
Their sandwiches were delicious and succulent. The flavors were executed so well, and it made eating the sandwiches too easy. Big kudos. 
We also got come cold cuts and cheese slices to go! Yes, its actually a vegan deli where you can buy various meats and cheeses by the pound, sliced right in front of you. Hell yeah! 
I wish I had bought more when I did because this may have the best vegan cheese you can buy in bulk that I've ever had. Luhv tops my list of recommendations for vegan in Philly. Cheers.It was so great to find a vegan place in the market. Great job replicating American classics!I'm so glad they open early enough so I can buy lunch and get to work on time. They open at Reading Terminal at 9am to 3pm. There home made vegan cheese will melt in your mouth.We did a pickup order from LUHV. My husband recently became a vegan and wanted to still experience that awesome Philly food. We got a Reuben and an Italian. Both were quite delicious. I would definitely recommend any vegan visiting the area try it out.Delicious!! Friendly folks, amazing vegan hoagies, quick service -- even on a weekend at prime lunch time! Seriously, check this place out. The "mozzarella" Caprese sandwich was out of this world. 
Bonus: Every sandwich comes with pickle & a bag of chips!I feel bad, why did I even question if this would be good or not in my head? Of course, this is Philly, of course they are going to know how to make a BOMB vegan hoagie. 
The Italian Hoagie....Wonderful. 
Thank you Luhv. Great great great!
Lettuce, tomato, onion, bread game 100, side pickle....yes....chips...yes...pasta salad, eh, but I'll take it. Soup good too.Only have tried the chicken salad so far but am already very impressed. It was very flavorful and made with luhv. Everyone eating the food there was raving about how tasty it was and the customer service was very nice. Will be back soon to try the famous reuben and black bean burgerI had the lox bagel and, hoo boy, that beet lox was AWESOME! 
The texture was spot-on, and I think the flavor was tastier and more consistent from first bite to last than any real lox I've had. My non-vegan, non-vegetarian mother even loved it!I stopped in today and purchased a vegan Italian Hoagie. The roll was the perfect mix of crusty and soft. The vegan meat was extremely well seasoned and the cheese had a mild flavor that went extremely well with the meat. I am really picky and thought it was amazing! I'll definitely be back.Literally the best vegan deli you'll ever find. Always super friendly service, and I feel that the prices are perfect. My roommate and I picked up breakfast here yesterday and I'm still thinking about it. We also grabbed coffee from Old City before heading out and it was exactly what a dreary Thursday needed. A+. Will absolutely return, many times over.The last time I had a delicious vegan hoagie in LA so I thought that would be the last time.  But no!  Luhv Vegan Deli has a scrumptious vegan hoagie on really nice fresh roll.  The "meat" was chewy, salty, a tad sweet and the cheese was mild and smooth.  They seasoned it perfectly.  I was a beautiful sandwich.   A while back I tried their ruben which was also very good. They put home made coleslaw on it instead of sauerkraut. The sandwich was warm, savory, and delectable.Tried the italian hoagie. It was extremely dry and the bread was a little stale. The meats were pretty vegany, too. Blackbirds hoagie blew Luhv's out of the water. I mean, nice people, but they have to come with it and not just be vegan. Nothing special about it. 
My suggestions: add some pepper spread, more italian dressing and fresh bread.Got the Reuben...it's about 90% of the way there for a full Reuben experience. Very impressive. I usually hit Dinic's, but I will definitely be working Luvh into the rotation.Overpriced. A bit strange. & did not cater to my taste buds. I tried a bit from all three vegan sandwiches that I ordered, but none of them really caught my eye. I could've gotten a decent meat sandwich for half the price elsewhere, & it would've been tastier too. I was watching the employees make my sandwiches, & while I wasn't watching too meticulously, it did not look sanitary from where I was standing. Because the food goods are stored underneath cabinet in large containers, I may be wrong, but it did not look very clean with this system in place. Overall, I didn't really favor this experience, but in the future, I'd potentially be willing to give this a second shot.