So good we had to stop twice on our trip. Great gluten free pizza too!! We can't stop talking about it.We got the Regina Margherita pizza, onion rings, and fries. Service was fast and the staff were nice. We ordered take out. The fries were honestly crap. They tasted old to me even from the first bite. The onion rings reminded me of Burger King and while I do like their onion rings I expect better from anywhere else. However, I'm still giving 4 stars cause the pizza DAMN GOOD!! I'm really picky on pizza especially Margherita.Considering what Fairmount had to offer before, Luigi's is a vast improvement.  I love that they offer a great selection of slices (usually about 9-12 pies to choose from) and they'll heat them up for you (although I find they're more likely to come out lukewarm than piping hot).  As for the flavor, these are as good as any pizza I've had in Philly.  Thin crust with tasty toppings.  If you want great pizza, you'll have to go to New Haven but if you want decent pizza, Fairmount finally has a spot.Quick bite while visiting museum of art. Great cheesesteak and wings. Good price, quick service.Pretty good cheesesteak.
Some of the pizza looked ok, but the rest looked as though it would not reheat well. Since they have a weird small little over in the front rather then the big oven to warm slices I choose against that option. 
I also asked when a plain pie would be done and the girl had no idea. It takes about 10 minutes for a pie sometimes a few minutes more depending on the oven hot spots. Humor me next time and go check.
Maybe I'll try this place again.The best pizza in Fairmount.  Their selection of pizza by the slice (under $3 a slice) has toppings more reminiscent of Italy than a typical American pizza place.  
I would have gone 5 stars, but their cheesesteaks aren't that great.Hands down the best pizza in Fairmount! Their Piccolo Blue is a scaled down party size thin crust that is absolutely AMAZEBALLS. I always get 1/2 Hawaiian 1/2 pepperoni when I'm having people over and everyone loves it. For pizza by the slice I usually go with the bbq chicken or margherita - both delicious. The salads are huge and their Chicken Parm sandwich is the BEST. Free samples too!Hands down, BEST PIZZA in Philly! Closest place I can find that reminds me of new york pies. 
It also MUST be said that the ingredients are so FRESH, sauce is YUM, and service is great. I've gotten delivery plenty of times and we've also eaten in.Having grown up in Georgia and lived in New Orleans and Ohio, and visited the Northeast only intermittently throughout my life, I barely have the first friggin' clue about distinguishing the various East Coast pizza styles.  But I've found that the pizza in this part of the country is dependably better than that from any other region in the U.S., whichever city in the Northeast it's from.   
Luigi's originated in South Jersey, but I have no idea what that means style-wise.  But this pizza has thinner, crisper crust with a little bit of char, a zestier and not-too-sweet tomato sauce, and quality toppings.  I'd call it very good pizza, if not the type of pizza that memories are made of.
I actually got a chicken parm sub, which came out piping hot.  The chicken was juicy and the bread was excellent, but maybe the sandwich needed a little more marinara--as a production, it came across a little dry.  Anyway, it was good eating.  
This location's main values seem to be its workmanlike, earnest, corner-shop vibe, a menu that's voluminous for a restaurant this tiny (in addition to plentiful pizza-topping choices, there's a huge variety of sandwiches, calzones, pastas, and salads), and reasonable prices.  Luigi's website says that this location has been here since only 2008, but it has the feel of a neighborhood institution.  
Extremely convenient for us tourists to both the Eastern State Penitentiary or the Philadelphia Museum of Art.Good spot. 
1) This was the closest cheese-steak shop I found around Philadelphia Museum of Art.  
2) The cheese-steak was very large and good. 
3) Price was reasonable.This is pretty much the best pizza I have ever had in Philly.  I try to THINK of reasons to go to the art museum area as an excuse to grab a couple slices from Luigi's.  My favorite is the bbq chicken pizza, but also love many of their other varieties including plain when i'm in a boring mood.  They also usually have a good variety of vegetarian options which is important to some of my friends.  
I have never had anything other than pizza at Luigi's, but if pizza is what you want, this is the place!Finally, good pizza on Fairmount again.  After Pete's was bought and started putting out cheap, crappy pizza, I've been driving much further to get decent pizza.  Well, when I tried Luigi's I knew that would be no more.  Great pizza, fresh toppings, slice selection is great and the fresh made pizza's are awesome.  On par with Peace of Pizza, but more italian style.  Very Good.I love the pizza here. I haven't tried anything else. And mostly, the service is great. Once I left an Amazon box I'd picked up from the post office at the seat where I was eating, and the dark haired shorter girl who works the counter set it aside for me until I could come get it the next day. She's lovely. However, the tall white girl who sometimes works the counter has been brusque to the point of rudeness with me - it seems she has some regulars who are very devoted to her, but if you're not one of them, you're SOL in the customer service department. Plus today I saw her cough into her hand (hello, that is what the inside of your elbow is for), not wash her hands, and keep working. So, I don't think I'll be going back in there if she's working. But did I mention the pizza is tasty? Best in Fairmount for sure. They use real mushrooms instead of those canned rubbery excuses. Delicious.Love the Old Fashioned Pizza. Absolutely delicious. And delivery service is super fast.The slice selection is pretty good, as is the pie menu. The 8" pie is a perfect size for one, if you want to wait. They have San Pellagrino Aranciata and Limonata (at $2.50 a pop!) which is a great (though expensive!) way to wash down a pie. The only thing better would be a cold one, but at least Bishops Collar is right next door. The non-pizza sides (olives... broccoli rabe, peppers... other stuff) can really round out the meal. It's the best pie/slice I've had in Philly. I know that's not saying much...I grew up in NY and Northern NJ and then moved to Maine for 10 years.  Thank god for this place.  Its nice to have real pizza again/.  I am chowing down on their Chicken Parm pizza right now... Gotta go before it gets cold ;)Excellent service, cheap and delicious pizza, and fabulously mediocre spaghetti and meatballs (just the way I like it!). We went here for lunch before visiting East State Penitentiary. I highly recommend it for those looking to grab a quick and cheap bite before or after visiting ESP or the Art Museum. Be sure to visit Book Haven before you leave!Oh my, it is easy to over eat at Luigi's. They don't just have pizza here. I mean they have great pizza here but you can get soo much more! They do pick up and delivery and have always done a great job being snappy with the grub.Great cheese steak. Comfortable little restaurant. Would recommend to any visiting the Phili museum of art. Only a few blocks away.Luigi's is probably the best pizza in the Fairmount/Art Museum Area. I am a fan of pizza that sits out for hours and starts to dry up and curl until being re-animated in the oven. It's kind of like magic. It is pretty good though and is my favorite place to grab a slicey-poo in Fairmount. I cannot comment on anything else they have.Online ordered a pie and it was hear in 20 minutes, hot, and very good. The pizza even tasted good the next morning! It's miles ahead of any chain, but costs at least twice as much. Still worth it in my opinion. If you just have to have some good quality, good ingredient, spot-hitting pizza on the fast and delivery, please order here. It's not vetri though you snobs, don't ask for caramelized pistachio and chevre.THE BEST margarita pizza I've ever had. Tons of basil and the sauce is delicious. The crust is fluffy and soft, and just amazing. My friend got a buffalo chicken cheese steak with bacon on ti and that too was amazing! The meat was freshly cut chicken (not that gross thin sliced frozen stuff) and was tender and juicy. Another one of my friends got a cesar wrap which was the same situation, freshly cut chicken and delicious flavors.
I highly recommend Luigi's, my only qualm is that they close so early! 11 o'clock on weekend :(Killer pizza and steaks! The only thing I've had there that wasn't anything to write home about was the portobello wrap... probably just the wrong thing. Staff is friendly and carry out is fast, nice when you're ordering pizza. My girlfriend is vegan and they made a nice veggie pizza with no cheese.My folks were in town and bright there wheels - car - with them. Since we usually roll the publci transpo, we stick with what delivers in the pizza department. But my folks suggested we take the ride and grab some better pizza we cannot usually get.
After searching through reviews, lists, and what was not too far of a drive, I landed on Luigi's Pizza. I was excited to get what I expected to be better pizza. In the end, I was, however, disappointed. This was not because there pizza was bad.
When your pizza place is reviewed highly and mentioned on some lists as one of the better spots in Philly, you need to bring it. Sorry Buigi's, but you lost this cheer leading competition. It was not brought. Not at all.
It was about as good as our local spot, Colonial. Maybe slightly less. I gave Colonial 4 stars, and might have done the same here, but come on. You are too hyped up to only be as good as my local spot that gets so little love.
You disappoint me!When I don't cook, I call these guys. Everything on the menu is solid, delivery is prompt.My wife was craving a symbolic with pineapple and mushrooms. Even though this wasn't on the menu, they made one and it was everything she wanted it to be. Hooray for Luigi's.My go to pizza joint now ! I just finally tried this spot tonight. Love the perfectly cooked pizza and the amount of cheese to sauce to dough. $15 for a large pizza for delivery ... Plus tip it was $20. I was their last delivery and they were so kind to keep the kitchen open for me even after close hours. Great food , kind staff and delivery guy.Everything I've ordered from Luigi's has been delicious- from pizza, to pasta, to salads and panini's. Delivery is quick during the week, but can be a bit slow on weekends.I ordered the portobello mushroom panini and a tuna salad. I wasn't a fan of the bread, it was not toasted like a true panini. The vegetables were roasted nicely but the bread was too thick and there was too much of it. The tuna had too much mayo and after a few bites I didn't feel very well. I also wish they used mixed greens instead of iceberg lettuce in the salad. I ordered delivery - it took about 30min and the driver knew exactly where the pool was to meet me but I wasn't given any plastic ware!!! The food was in separates paper bags instead of delivered in a plastic bag which would have made it easier. Overall not impressed and will likely not eat any more than the few bites I had.Thought I'd hit up this place while waiting for my friends to get off work.  I had been here before on a previous visit and it was pretty decent.  
This time, however, I was not a fan.  I ordered 2 slices and a small salad.  When I sat down, there were a lot of flies around the restaurant...and there wasn't a bug light.  The salad was decent but the slices had been sitting there for a while - not the best tasting pizza I've had.  Then, to make things worse, the power went out!  
All in all, I guess if you ordered a fresh pie, and took it home, you'd be ok.  Not sure if I would, simply for the bug factor.Pizza is excellent! best i have had so far in the city. there are still a few places i need to try. Very happy about this since there are few good pizza places in the city. Now the guy who answered the phones was a little crabby for no reason and i think they need to be a lot nicer to their customers.I was looking for a place that did delivery, close to where my sister lives. Since we live in Cali, I wanted to send them dinner, for when she brought her first baby home! Luigi's was more than happy to help me out. They even put a cute note on the inside lid of the pizza box! I was easily able to pay over the phone and gave them Dad's phone number to call when the delivery was ready, outside their apartment. Mom and Dad raved over it! Could NOT be happier with how smoothly it went and how kind/accommodating the staff was. Thank you!This is definitely the pizza place I prefer now that I've relocated to the Art Museum! The staff is friendly and pretty quick with your order which is great because we usually grab pizza when we're in a rush. The pizza isn't super oily and the pizza dough itself is a little bit sweet and tasty on it's own. I've also had the Freschissima salad which had grilled artichokes and string beans and sauteed shrimp (among other things) which I devoured. 
It's probably more like a 3 and half star when it comes to the food but I really like the people who work here-- they seem to know a lot of people in the neighborhood. Also, I love that there is outdoor seating on the warm days. Solid.The menu they show is not right. When I ordered the Spaghetti Marinara served with one meatball it came with no meatball. Please update your menu!My go to place for food in Fairmount!!! I love their pizzas and the godfather is the best I've ever eaten!! Nothing compares!! Have introduced it to several ppl and they have never gone back to another kind of pizza. The godfather rocks!! Have tried a few others and have not been disappointed ever. Great service, friendly faces and a very pro kid atmosphere!!I've been looking for a good pizza delivery place in the Fairmount area, and I think I finally found one!  Their whole wheat pizza was great.. and delivery was extremely fast for Sunday lunch!I dig this place. I don't remember the last time I actually saw pizza samples outside of a market or wholesaler. There's a good amount of seating (but cramped), the bathroom was clean, there were TV(s), and the soda fountains are on the outside so I enjoyed the ambiance.
So I got a small steak stromboli which for the price was a great value. It was bigger than I thought it would be and came out on a pan (since I dined in). Loved the taste and I think they even had real knives and forks. I hope I'm not confusing this place with another. I hate cutting stromboli with those flimsy plastic joints. 
I will say this... as much as I loved it... it upset my stomach later on. I don't know if it was something I ate earlier that didn't mesh or if it was an overdose of cheese (it was quite cheesy... QUITE!), I'm not gonna make that mistake again unless I get it all to go which I did take half of it home with me. I'd like to try this place again next time I'm in the area which isn't often. I have been meaning to get to art museum so I'll have to see.This place is awesome. Large selection of pies, and everything tastes great! Never had a bad meal here! They also have an area outside for al Fresca dining. We got the blue pizza today. It's an enormous pizza cooked in a square blue pan. I think the price was $29. Not a bad price actually for the size of the pizza and it tastes great!The pasta here is to die for! the bolognese is a ten. I'm a pasta lover so I was happy to find an Italian restaurant in Philly.Was exactly what I was looking for...a quick slice of delicious pizza.  It was crowded, but the lined moved quickly.  Pizza was served hot with a crispy crust.  It was about $15.00 for 3 slices and 2 bottles of soda.  We ate upstairs.  Place was clean and full of families.  Bathrooms were also clean, which is a plus in my book.  We really enjoyed our lunch and was in and out quickly so we could get back to enjoying sight-seeing in the city.  I will definitely go back to this place again.Calzones good and salads but the pizza was ok nothing to run back to    Does not stand outI'm not sure why people like this place. Literally saw a roach on the wall. This place looks and feels dirtyEvery pizza I try here is better than the last! This is definitely the best pizza in Fairmount and I no longer go anywhere else! You know it's gonna be good when the owner is speaking Italian and there are at least 15 different pies available by-the-slice.   The most memorable must be the BBQ chicken pie, it is the perfect blend of bbq sauce and cheese.  The standard pies are also great.  I'm gonna keep trying new ones that's for sure!If you are hungry for the worst cheesesteak in Philadelphia with a side of awful soggy salty fries, this is the place for you they will top it off with bad service and a dirty floor for no extra charge I give this place a .2 out of 10 avoid avoid avoid be warned.They were incredibly slow, unapologetic when they got our order wrong and overall not empathetic.Dined in on a Friday night with a party of 5.  We had antipasto (for two) which was plenty for 5!  Nice presentation and very fresh... delicious.
Next, we had spaghetti w/ meatballs (sauce was the highlight here... my wife spooned up every last bit).
Finally - the 'Meat Stuff' stuffed pizza... very tasty... likely the best stuffed pizza I've had in Philly.
Prices are very reasonable - probably a 4+ score except Nina (register/server/greeter) really won us over and made the experience a 5.  We will definitely be back.
BYOB friendly.I am moving out the Fairmount neighborhood and I am going to miss getting delivery from this place.  Luigi's margarita pizza is amazing - it is better than the margarita pizza at Steven Star's Pizzeria Stella and it is only a quarter of the price.We ordered from Luigi's this past weekend as they were recomended by Smith Playground as a delivery option.  Although I had read good reviews here I wasn't sure what to expect.  Delivery was set up for 12:45.  They not only arrived on time, each of the 10 pizzas we ordered was hot and looked like it just came out of the oven.  I have placed orders of this size with other places in the past and it semed as though the pizzas were cooked at different times.  I am very, very picky with pizza as is most of my family and we were extremly pleased. We had a few plain and a few with toppings and the toppings were not only plentiful, but evenly dispersed and great tasting. I love the fact that they used fresh mushrooms, not the canned/brined mushrooms you get from most places.  Great pies, if I lived closer they would definitly be my new go to spot.Damn good sauce.  I love that they have slices of old fashioned pizza with no cheese because who needs anything else when the sauce and crust are that fantastic?  The crust tastes like olive oil.  Really good olive oil.  They also have fantastic salads with grilled an marinated veggies.  The bread that comes with it is like crack it tastes so good.  
The cons: Their pasta sauces are swimming with oil.  8 out of 10 times they screw up an order for a sandwich without cheese.  So irritating.  We order this sandwich all the time, know my husband is allergic to cheese, we ask while ordering, at the end of the order, and when picking up and they nearly always get it wrong.Pizza is really good. Has the sandy bottom like a  board walk style pie. However, delivery sucks ass. Expect to wait at least an hour and a half to get your pizza cold.The pizza here is good and dependable, I've never had a bad pie. Things can get a little soggy if you ask for extra cheese but it really isn't a necessary request. 
Delicious!I've ordered delivery from Luigi's twice so far and, aside from one minor hiccup that they quickly worked to resolve, I've been happy with my experiences.
The first time, I developed one of those cases of my eyes becoming way, way bigger than my stomach. I couldn't leave my apartment so my options were to either cook something (hahaha) or order delivery. I pulled up GrubHub, found this place in my neighborhood, and inputted my order.
Half an hour later, my Italian hoagie, cheese fries and "small" pizza topped with bacon bits arrived. "Small" was a boldfaced lie. I even asked the delivery driver if he was sure it was a "small" pizza. He insisted that it was indeed a "small" pizza, but I assure you, fellow Yelpers, this pizza was "large."
And there was only one of me to eat all of the above! No worries, I persevered. It all lasted a few days, too.
More recently, I ordered in Saturday night with a friend. This time around, I chose a slice of plain pizza and, again, an Italian hoagie (what can I say, I'm Italian -- I really like hoagies named after my heritage.) My friend ordered an eggplant parm.
When we brought our bag inside, we realized that the pizza slice was missing, so I called the restaurant to let them know. Twenty-five minutes later, the delivery driver came back, ran up to my door and let me know that there were THREE slices inside the box. !!!
When I opened the box, two were plain Sicilian squares and one was a slice of white pizza. I shared one Sicilian with my friend, who was happily eating her parm platter at the time. She also enjoyed the pizza, as did I, and I appreciated the extra thought they put into it for what was a piece of the order that could easily and understandably be overlooked. That's some good service, and I'll be ordering again soon.This pizza is certainly good for the Fairmount area, but objectively speaking it's not that great.  Their crust is unimpressive and the toppings are okay.  I think they charge way too much for a large pizza, which generally rings me up between $16-17 every time.  I usually get pepperoni and garlic.  The good thing about splurging for garlic is that they give you lots of chopped garlic, which I think is really cool (not to mention delicious).  Their hours are not particularly expansive, but you can order until at least 9:30.  Everyone I've dealt with there has been nice and helpful.  In sum, I don't love ordering from Luigi's, but it is the lesser of the Fairmount evils.*
*I've never tried Angelino's because it is never open on Sunday, which is always when I want pizza.Luigi's is a fairmount staple and a great pizza joint with a wide variety of menu items.  My favorite pizza is the Pavarotti.  Another great menu item is the Frizzante Panini.  It features house baked Foccacia and fresh mozzarella for a great Italian chicken sandwich.Luigi's is good for a quick slice or a pie to go. The restaurant itself is small and has only a few tables inside and a few outside.  All I've tried is the cheese pizza and the veggie hoagie, but both were very good.  Our food was ready ready incredibly fast, which welcome because I was so hungry that I was starting to get bitchy. I don't think they serve any alcohol.Luigi's really disappointed me last night. I got a Margarita pizza and it barely had any cheese on it, actually we had to re-bake it and add more cheese when we came home and realized the disaster it was. It only had like three leaves of basil scattered around and i specifically said I wanted to add kalamata olives to it and they added the cheap canned black olives. 
We also ordered a caprese salad and the mozzarella was tasteless not to mention that it was not a caprese but a salad with lettuce. Apparently they don't know what a caprese salad is.
I don't know what happened with this place.It's a traditional NY style pizza joint, nothing fancy, but their ingredients are top notch and the kitchen knows what it's doing. 
Margarita and Caprese pizza (as well as the plain cheese) are really really good. We just lunched at Mark Vetri's Osteria and had a very nice time, but Luigi's pizza is better at a fraction of the price.
Finally -- best chicken parm sandwich ever. Chicken is hot, crispy and juicy inside,  good cheese, good marinara, nice chewy Italian roll properly toasted. Everything we've had at Luigi's is good, but the chicken parm is really special.Good food and nice people.  They give out free samples at the counter.After having a few drinks, I decided to order from here because I wanted something new. By the time they delivered, I had myself a few more drinks and now was very excited about this pizza. The pizza was pretty good, sauce was delicious. It tasted like any other ordinary pizza. Pretty greasy though. At the time, I enjoyed it, but sober me probably would not have. Also ordered cheese fries which was super disappointing. I was expecting cheese whiz on my cheese fries but instead got mozzarella. Don't call them cheese fries if you're going to put mozzarella, call them mozzarella fries. All in all, it was a good place for the pizzaThis is my go to pizza place. All the pizza is amazing and the delivery is fast. Whenever we have friends or family visiting from out of town, we make sure we order pizza at least once from Luigi's. We normally go with a basic pepperoni, but also love the fresca works and other specialities. You really can't go wrong with any of it.This is one of the best pizza places in Fairmount. Very Italian with good pizza options, sandwiches, and dishes. This place is always packed with locals. I find their food very good and love that they do delivery Plus, you can order through your Yelp app! Love the convenience. My faves besides the pizza, would be the pork broccoli rabe sandwich and chicken parm dinner.Our first food experience in Philly and I was beyond impressed. My kids both had sausage pizza and for such a simple order out was amazing. I had a cheese steak with bacon and my husband had a cheese steak wrap. Prices were great and servings were more than enoughI'm a fan of Luigi's from my time in Fairmount. The pizza is classic thin crust, a little greasy but not too bad. There is always variety. They are not that fast, but I usually order ahead. It is definitely better than the other pizza options in Fairmount, and the only good option for cheap food here besides Bishop's Collar.It's hard to believe that in all of my time living Fairmount, I've never ordered from Luigi's Pizza Fresca.  Their stuffed broccoli rabe and sausage pizza immediately made its way to our favorite's list and earned Luigis a pretty high spot on our go-to delivery list. 
The stuffed pizzas only come in large but should probably considered a double-large. As the name would suggest, the toppings are stuffed between two crusts. The top crust seemed to be dusted with garlic, oil and parmesan cheese adding an extra magic to the pie. There was a great Italian flavor with each bite. Even the broccoli rabe tasted fresh and nicely seasoned. Despite two layers of crust and a large amount of fillings, it was still manageable to pick up or cut with a knife and fork. 
Unfortunately, I didn't love the eggplant parm sandwich which I also ordered and will be deducting a star from my review. It wasn't well breaded and the eggplant was just of ok quality. The sauce, cheese bread and eggplant didn't blend together as an eggplant parmesan sandwich should. Eggplant parm sandwiches are a dime a dozen in Philly, but the stuffed pizza was so amazing and unique that I won't let the sandwich get me down. 
Between the sandwiches and pizza, we had leftovers. The pizza tasted awesome hot & fresh, but then amazing cold out of the fridge. 
We ordered through Grubhub and the delivery came within about an hour on a Friday night. The prices were also reasonable. 
Luigi's Pizza Fresca definitely left its impression on me and I can't wait to order their stuffed pizza again.Solid choice if you're looking to grab some slices to go. I was craving pizza for dinner and popped in last week. They had a variety of pizzas to choose from and I ultimately went with one slice each of Hawaiian and BBQ chicken. Both slices were huge and just what I wanted. I have a feeling I'll be stopping in / ordering from here more often.This place is amazing. It got pricier in recent years, but we cannot find better pizza in the area. Try the Margherita or ziti pizza!My friend and I stopped in because he wanted to grab a quick slice.  As an initial matter, my friend thought the slice was good.  With that said, I will never step foot in this place again.  The guy behind the counter was beyond unprofessional.  He was a straight up asshole.  It's one thing to have an abrupt ordering protocol (e.g. Jim's, Geno's, Lorenzo's, etc), but not making eye contact and barking "who wants something" as if your customers did something wrong by trying to order food... what a joke.
The only reason this place doesn't have one star is because apparently the food was decent.  But guess what?  There is a plethora of good pizza places in Philadelphia.  In the future, I will be getting my pizza exclusively from Fairmount Pizza (20th and Fairmount).One time I ordered from here and had diarrhea immediately following but I think that is because I did not have access to any clean drinking water. Anyway their food is really good. Its next to a gas station in case you need to have diarrhea.Disappointed that I went there at 10:15 am and the place was closed, though the hours of operation were listed as a 10:00 am opening.  Decided to go one block up to Famous Petes Pizza to eat.  Walked back at 11:00 am and it was open.  I guess the cook overslept.We finally get the pictures from the wedding.  this is me thanking the Luigi crew for all their hard work!
https://scontent-a-iad.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ash3/q71/s720x720/1150141_10151633165917056_538499648_n.jpgHorrible Customer Service. Their counter service personnel are extremely rude. The manager or maybe even the owner, I am unsure who exactly he is, gives off the exact same rudeness each and every time I am in their establishment. I make a point to say thank you after I pick up my order every time and almost always never receive a "You're Welcome" back. It is unfortunate because the food is somewhat good.My boyfriend and I have tried many pizza places within the fairmount and rittenhouse neighborhoods. Luigis is simply the best! In addition to their pizza, everything else that we have tried on their menu have been delicious too.  Luigis is an all around great place for Italian food and pizza!Holy cow. Not only is the pizza very good, but the girl behind the counter is the best at customer service!I'm pretty amped that there's good, quick pizza anywhere...especially when it's in cozy little Fairmount.
Offering a crust almost as thin as any haughty New York sit-down-and-enjoy-joint and letting you take a slice at a time, Luigis is a winner. Luigi's bakes a multitude of flavors - buffalo chicken with fresh meat, a white pizza done right with bits of crispy garlic, and a whole wheat option for your health conscious 70 year old father (or grandfather), everyone is sure to be happy.
And if you're not quite full enough after a slice (or two) of pizza, grab some fresh foccaccia. It's like thick pizza dough, and is served hot and wonderful. If you're kind and smile nicely, no one will care that you've eaten half of the cold pizza samples either. Promise.
Oh, and for the health freaks, I guess they offer salads...but if you do get one, get a slice of homemade bread. Serious business.After waiting a full hour for our gluten free pizza to arrive (which cost over 24 dollars), a small barely warm pizza was delivered to our house. We were never told that the pizza would only come in one size, nor that the cost for the small pizza would be far more than a normal (  I order GF often). 
Never ordering from them again.This is everything all the other reviewers were clamoring about.  A neighbor told us we needed to order from here as it was good and they were the only pizza place in our neighborhood that delivers...so his plea was to order from here to keep them delivering.  Well, there will not be a problem with that!  The Sicilian pizza is huge (still huge because there is a sh#t ton of it still left), and it was terrific!  The price was right, they were friendly on the phone,  and the delivery was really fast.  Maybe I am just lucky so far because all of the places we have tried have been really good. At this rate it could be a  while before I get to bust out a real ball buster.My favorite place ever. Great staff, family owned italian place.  Literally the best margarita pizza i've ever had. Lived in fairmount for 3 years, and had their margarita pizza most fridays...it will never get old. I dont know what it is about their sauce, it's just perfectly sweet and the right amount. YUM. Also great cheesesteak and fries.  Delicious sicilian and tomato pie. ALSO they have THE BEST thick crust square pizza. to die for.  I can't emphasize enough how much we love Luigi's Pizza fresca.I have to say, the crust has improved significantly in the months since my original review, as has the service. AND they play awesome 90s music on the sidewalk outside, which is a lovely addition. Definitely my go-to pizza place now, lactose intolerance be damned!Luigis is the go-to for pizza in the Fairmount neighborhood. Customer service is also amazing. You have to try the White Pizza! Some of the best pizza, subs and pasta in all of Philadelphia!We usually order from Luigi's once a week and tonight we Never received our order...and they closed so I hope we get a refund!!