I mainly go for the delicious and filling breakfast sandwiches. For $3.50, the egg, cheese, and meat bagel sandwich tides me over past lunch hour. Simple, tasty, and a pretty straightforward menu of good options.Hearty breakfast for a very cheap price! I ordered a sausage egg and cheese on a plain bagel and it only cost $3.50. I came at 8 am and had to wait over 20 minutes for that one item though because it tends to get quite busy during peak breakfast and lunch time.Lyn is the absolute best. Not Lyn's, but Lyn. She is adorable, sweet, funny, and remembers every order you've ever made. The food is solid, cheap, and fast, too. I pretty much order the same thing every time I go - an everything bagel with over easy eggs (yolks cracked), cheese, turkey bacon, ketchup, and sriracha. AMAZING. And her pretzels with honey mustard are money. DEFINITELY a must if you frequent the area.Best breakfast place for students. great portion, nice food, friendly service. my go to place for two years.Again a 5. Came here again this morning and this time got the same wheat sandwich with egg, spinach, and cheese and then also tried the eggplant Parmesan pita bread sandwich (last time we got the long roll version). The pita version blew me away. 
Definitely would recommend the pita over the long roll. Cheaper, and even more delicious.
What I'm most excited to share with this updated review is that Lyn's has consistency down so right. Ordering the same sandwich twice means you get the same quality each time. 
Can't wait to keep coming back to Lyn's!Yes, Lyn's is as good as everyone says it is. On recommendation from fellow yelpers, the first item I ordered at Lyn's was a bacon, egg and cheese on a hoagie roll (long roll?) with salt, pepper, ketchup, and siracha. Unbelievably delicious. Honestly, I was never a big fan of egg and cheese sandwiches to begin with and I certainly never put ketchup anywhere near my eggs, but this menu item, while not revolutionary, hits all the right buttons. 
And yes, just as everyone says, Lyn is the sweetest most adorable food truck owner on the planet; always smiling, always polite, and always paying attention to who has and hasn't placed their order yet. This is one thing about Lyn's that is undeniable: their good service. I always get nervous when I see a crowd, rather than a line, in front of a food truck. I don't know where I should be standing or if I'm cutting someone off. Never fear, Lyn will spot you and pleasantly ask you what you want if you are stood anywhere in front of the truck. 
Also, if you are on a budget (and I mean budget), you could always go with the simple egg and cheese on the long roll with the fixin's, which will only set you back $2.25. It will fill you up, I promise. 
LOVE this place.Awesome!  I go twice a week - prices are great, service always good, and the food is delicious.  For the price, coupled with speed -- very few can beat it.
She even knows me- so i don't even have to order anymore, just a quick look and knows that I am "2 egg, cheese, and bacon bagels on a cinnamon raisin"  How cute is that, eh!  
Fantastic, simply amazing -- please, definietly, try it out; and yes - it can get packed from 10-12; just as a warning-but well worth the wait!Had been meaning to try this food cart for quite some time and finally got the opportunity yesterday. I ordered the mixed veggies, egg, and cheese breakfast sandwich w/ avocado for $1 more. One of the best breakfast sandwiches I've had in a while! I meant to take a picture of it because when I pulled the sandwich in half, it made me say "Oooo!". The cheese was gooey and melted through as I like it. The colors from the veggies, egg, and avocado made my mouth water instantly. Once I bit into it, there was no time to take a picture. Before I knew it, the sandwich was gone. I will definitely go back to try other items on the menu.Best food truck in the area.  The operator (lyn) is super friendly.  Everything I've ordered is delicious with great portion sizes, and the price is right.I had Lyn's at a 3 star in my head, but then I tried the Eggplant Spinach Parm pita with Sriracha thanks to another reviewer and it was awesome. 
The Good: At first glance, Lyn's is a very typical sandwich/hoagie food truck with pretty average fare, but unique sandwiches like the Eggplant Spinach Parm make it stand out in the midst of other sandwich food trucks. Furthermore, Lyn's is extremely meticulous about hygiene. Pay attention! She never touches your food with anything other than her utensils. 
The Bad: Classic sandwiches aren't too big or filling. Bui's outdoes Lyn's significantly when it comes to sandwiches like Sausage Egg and Cheeses.Out of place Texan looking for a place to eat on a cold night, my friends and I found this going a random direction. Since we were in Philadelphia, I guess it makes sense to get a philly cheese steak? The truck ran out of bread for the cheese steak so we ended up getting it on some wheat tortilla or something. 
Overall it was good but I'm sure the owner can add things and customize it exactly how you want! (e.g. Fried egg on top?)I wish I lived in the Quad for just once in my Penn experience so that I could have experienced Lyn's every single freaking day, but my wallet (and waistline) are probaby thankful that I didn't.
Yes the wait is long, but I've waited in the rain for a Lyn's breakfast sandwich or an eggplant parmesan on a long roll. So delicious. So filling. So satisfying.
The service is fast. ALWAYS friendly, and super hygienic as other reviewers have mentioned. I hear that if you come frequently enough Lyn remembers you and your order! Woe is me that I didn't experience this first-hand.
A must-go for those who work/live/study near that blessed location!I loooove Lyn's. It's my absolute favorite food truck at Penn. The food is cheap, fresh, and consistently delicious: bacon egg and cheese on a long hoagie roll used to be only $2.75 (might be $3 now, but that's still awesome for how huge this sandwich is). Their grilled chicken pita/other grilled chicken sandwiches are AMAZING. I think they put crack in their honey mustard sauce, cause I'm not usually a fan of honey mustard but it's AWESOME here, so you MUST get it on your chicken. They also make a great cheesesteak (try it with sriracha sauce), and for you vegetarians out there they make a killer spinach-eggplant parm. 
You pretty much can't go wrong with anything you order here. Lyn is always super sweet and friendly, unlike a lot of food truck proprietors (yes, I'm talking about you, Yue Kee), and they get your order out quickly. 
I think there are also secret items not on the menu. Last time I was there, I heard whispers about "The Line". What that is, I have no idea, but I'm sure it's delicious. You'll just have to go to Lyn's and order one to find out.Lyn is super nice, always makes food fast, and the price is right. One of my usual stops on campus!Perhaps I'm a spoiled New Yorker but the hoagie was not all that. Ordered an egg with veggie hoagie and was a bit disappointed with the lack of efficiency--the lady (Lyn?) clearly served those who ordered after me and left my sandwich out to dry for longer than I wanted or expected. Convenient and reasonably priced but really nothing worth "wow-ing" about. Bland and soggy eggs on hoagie. This truck is allegedly popular for reasons that were not evident for me at least during my first visit. May do another visit...we'll see.Lyn's is a great place to get a cheap breakfast or lunch. They have egg, cheese, and meat sandwiches (bacon, sausage, or steak) on a long hoagie roll for only 3 dollars! That's cheaper than anywhere else on campus, and the food is just as good, if not better. 
A popular sandwich that's not on the menu is the "White Lion." I believe it's chicken, egg whites, onions, and spinach.  I definitely recommend trying that one out.Lyn's is great!  The food is always delicious - my favorite sandwich is the egg and cheese sandwich with spinach on rye bread (for only $3!).
The owners are very friendly and efficient at preparing food for lots of people very quickly.  The lunch rush can see some longish waits, but if I come right before or after the rush, I can be in and out in less than 3 minutes.My teenage daughter says her sandwich is very tasty!  She loves cheesesteak, so we followed Yelp here on a visit. The proprietor was very kind, and she moved quickly.  The sandwich is sizable and only costs $5.50. A sandwich this size and not even half as good would cost $9.00 in Harrisburg and $11.00 in Hershey.  We'll be back on our next scheduled visit.Small bite: Simple, fast, cheap breakfast food. Great for a walking meal.
The brother wanted to come here to get breakfast. It's his regular spot on the way to class. There were only a few people in line before us. We both got the bacon and egg sandwich on a long roll. We took our sandwiches to a park on the Penn campus and noshed next to a lake. The roll was a nice springy texture, not too chewy or crumby. The eggs and bacon were solidly done.
I wouldn't wait in a long line, and this isn't my kind of food, but I can see why it's popular.Of course I discover this place JUST BEFORE they go on vacation for the winter.  Now I have to wait a month before I can get another delicious Eggplant Spinach Parm pita.  At $3.50, I can't think of a better takeout lunch.  The wait can be a bit long when there's a line, just warning you.  Probably not the best place to go if you're looking for food in a hurry.
I can't wait till they reopen in January and I can get the big Eggplant Parm sandwich this time.Lyns is a very nice food cart on UPenns campus. 
If you frequent here, they will remember you and your usual order quite quickly. That's a plus and good customer service. 
They are usually crowded so expect a little wait but it's never too long. 
Lots of options here and I don't think you will be disappointed.Best breakfast sandwiches on Penn's campus, bar none. I've been coming here for breakfast over the past 4 years and I would be lying if I said that the prospect of guzzling down one of Lyn's delicious creations hasn't pulled me out of bed on many a morning. 
For breakfast, I find their bacon egg and cheese unparalleled. oozey cheese, savory bacon bound together with perfectly cooked egg. I like to get it on an everything bagel, which comes lightly toasted. 
For lunch, go for the off-menu "Lion sandwich" - a delicious combination of egg, chicken, cheese, spinach and onion. The perfect treat after a rough midterm. 
The thing that pushes this food truck into the "5 star realm" for me is Lyn herself. An anchor of good humor and warmth through the turbulence of college life with an unparalleled memory for your favorite order - now that's 5 star service!
Lyn's is right up there on my list of places to visit over homecoming - can't wait to go back!Probably my favorite breakfast sandwich food truck around. My girlfriend loves that they use white American, and the eggs are always cooked well. I like their rolls and they do a good pork roll egg and cheese sandwich with sriracha. It's all stuff anyone could make on their own but for some reason it's especially delicious here.Lyn chicken wrap is possibly the most amazing lunch item on HUP's campus. Very filling, super tasty!!  Get an extra bottle of water, there must be curry in the chicken so ur gonna be thirsty. Worth it. Love LynI give Lyn's a five star because of the price + service. The food itself is probably a 4 stars, but damn I'm very impressed by Lyn's friendly service (and she can still remember my order even though my latest visit was almost a year ago). Everything is yummy and offer a great value for money. I will miss this place!Consistently solid stuff, great value, Lyn's super nice, and she moves like lightning.
Personal recommendations:
Literally any of the egg sandwiches
Eggplant Pita Parm
The lion (secret off-menu item)Lyn's is one of the best food trucks on Penn's campus. They have a solid lineup of great sandwiches and breakfast items, and all of them are made well. My favorite item to order is the eggplant parm spinach sandwich, whiich is a pretty unique offering, and is also a great vegetarian option. I have also had their grilled chicken, which is not as good at Hemo's, but it was okay. The line does get long at peak times, but they are pretty fast at churning out orders.Lyns' egg, cheese, and turkey bacon bagel breakfast sandwich sets the bar for breakfast sandwiches. I have yet to find a food cart that does better and believe me I've tried. I go out of my way to go to Lyn's in the mornings because something magic just happens. 
The cheese is perfectly blended into the egg; there's just enough crisp on the bagel; and the turkey patty is so juicy. 
And if the sandwich is magic, Lyn is the nicest magician. Always really smiley and beautiful and just wonderful.Lyn's was recommended to me by a friend, and I was skeptical how good a sandwich food truck could possibly be. After verifying with yelp, I decided to try Lyn's for lunch today and I'm pleasantly surprised.
I had the chicken special with sweet peppers - great flavors, fresh, and filling. I had a hard time trying to maneuver my sandwich because it was so big. They can also customize your sandwich as my boyfriend added lettuce, tomato, and hot sauce to his meatball parmesan. Turnover is relatively fast. We went during the lunch rush and probably waited just over 5 min for 2 sandwiches. On average, we spent less than $5 per person for lunch. I will definitely come back!nicest and most efficient truck I know. Ofcourse the food is great! they'll make whatever combination you want for breakfast. If you're somewhat of a regular they also know your order for the most part. Personally I always get grilled chicken with egg and bacon om a roll.Came back to campus this week and was overjoyed to see Lyn's is still here!...and opened later in the day that it used to be. Don't miss out on the best food truck at Penn. Workers here are friendly and manage the long lines efficiently. Prices are still reasonable. Wouldn't get my breakfast sandwich from anywhere else!What Lyn's does, Lyn's does well.
To preface this review, I've only been here a few times for lunch in the recent past. However, my experiences here have been nothing short of amazing. I don't consider myself a huge food truckie, but Lyn's is one of my new favorite food trucks to hit up in Philly. I've had a few things here and there -- the eggplant spinach parm is solid (although the slices of eggplant themselves are pretty thin), the "italian sausage works" works (I like to get parmesan sauce on mine -- is that weird??), and the salads are surprisingly big and filling. 
The service itself is fantastic. There's always a decent amount of people in line here (which is a good sign), but Lyn works quickly and efficiently, while also remaining super friendly the entire time. Prices are good for what you're getting.
Need to try the breakfast here (usually have a hard time getting up in the mornings to begin with, which might be the problem) to get the entire scope of this little spot near the quad. I always tell myself I'm going to get tired of this place, but for some reason, I can't stop myself from coming back.OMG!!!!!!
Spinach egg cheddar on wheat please
With spicy source!!!!!
I love this place.Definitely one of the best food trucks on campus!
Although Lyn's offers the typical spread of food cart sandwiches, they have perfected the art of taking something simple and creating something absolutely delicious and addictive out of it.
Everything you can get here is good. You can literally just point at a random sandwich and, ten or so minutes later, you'll be a satisfied customer. If you really want suggestions, I'm always a fan of their bacon, egg, and cheese, eggplant spinach parmesan, and Italian sausage works.
There was a period in my college life where I literally went to Lyn's every day for breakfast and lunch. That's how good their sandwiches are.
I'm not sure if they still serve it, but I used to get a secret menu sandwich item called "The Lion." If you're a fan of secret menus and trying something new, give it a try.
The husband and wife team that runs the food truck are awesome and extremely friendly. They're complete pros at getting food out to their customers quickly, and they have a great memory for their regulars.
Lyn's is definitely one of the top three food trucks in the area, and pretty much everyone knows it.
If you want a sandwich or a quick breakfast, Lyn's is your place.I love Lyn's Food truck.  Lyn is the sweetest woman with the best memory EVER!  I went here for undergrad and graduated several years ago.  Ended up back here (3 years layer) for grad school.. wandered up to her food cart and she remembered me and my exact order!  She always has a smile and always brightens my day.  I've tried several things like breakfast sandwiches and chicken wraps.  Everything is delicious!Lyn's is the ONLY food truck on the Spruce St corridor that does hand hygiene correctly every time! 
As a health care worker, this is the reason I have total loyalty to this food truck. Dude cooks the food, wears gloves; Lady handles the money and wraps your food, never touching it without a utensil. It shouldn't be that hard for people who prepare food to follow such a simple method (especially when you're catering to a healthcare crowd), but I've only seen it done right here. Also the sandwiches are fantastic and cheap, and the service is quick and friendly.I LOVE Lyn's. Great breakfast sandwiches, great lunch sandwiches - you can't go wrong! It's so cheap, too! Lyn is really sweet, the food comes out quickly, and you can get a full meal for $5.There are plenty of food carts around the Penn campus, but Lynn's is THEE one to go to for breakfast. As a vegetarian, I go with the everything bagel STUFFED with egg, cheese and spinach omelette with tomatoes, mushrooms, grilled onions and peppers. It's the best $3 you can possibly spend. Considering breakfast sandwiches can run you $10+ at neighboring places, there is no reason to go anywhere other than Lynn's. Support your fellow food cart today (and tomorrow and the next day).This place is really good for breakfast however it's pretty oily. The lady here is so sweet and they are very quick. It's definitely a bang for your buck!! If you're looking to be healthy though, maybe not the best placeLyn's is one of my favorite food trucks.  This truck serves standard American food, like breakfast sandwiches, cheesesteaks, and grilled chicken sandwiches.  But my favorite, hands down, is the chicken salad sandwich.  The bread is soft and fluffy, and the chicken salad is sublime!!  It's also ridiculously large and can feed two people.  Prices are low, so I never felt guilty for eating here at least 2x/week.
The chicken salad proves there must be a God, because something this delicious could not have been made by mere mortals.  Yum!!Oh my goodness.  The best food cart on Spruce St. and in the general UPenn vicinity.  I go way too many times during the week.  
My usual order is the spinach eggplant parmesan sandwich on the long roll and I occasionally mix it up with the chicken caesar salad.  Lyn and Quan only serve quality food and are super friendly and efficient as well!SO good! The line is worth the wait! I've been every time I've visited Philly, Lyn is always incredibly friendly, professional, and quick! The food is consistent, awesome, and worth the price. The two people work so hard, and have an amazingly streamlined process.Delicious hearty breakfast sandwiches for $3.50. You pick your choice of meat and bread. Will definitely return when I'm in the area.My favorite food truck ever! I'm always amazed by how tasty a simple sandwich can be when it comes from Lyn's. They have great service like everyone else says and are super cute.  If you are a regular, they will remember your order forever even if you haven't been in ages and have changed your appearance (got a pretty drastic haircut and she still recognized me when I showed up after a 2 month absence!). 
Don't be intimidated by the long line since they work quickly. My favorites are the bacon egg and cheese, the meatball parm, and the grilled chicken with cheese and mushrooms (don't skip the honey mustard sauce, it is delicious).I went when it was raining hard.  Great.  No line.  My egg cheese and sausage bagel sandwich was awesome.  Extremely fast and polite service.  Glad I visited.Seeing the great reviews online, I ventured over on a Monday for lunch around noon. The line was long, which to me indicated worthiness. The menu is pretty basic and really fairly priced. 
It seems to be owned by a married couple and I was immensely impressed with their efficiency of the cooking and handling the line.
I ordered the Cheesesteak with mushrooms & was disappointed with the taste. Let me be clear, it did not taste poorly. But it lacked flavor and did not "wow" me. I think the place would benefit from some cheese options. I think the cheese was white American and didn't add much taste to the meal. I think Cheddar would have added some real flavor to the sandwich. 
The amount of food on the sandwich was a bit underwhelming. I can't complain too much on this point since it was only $5.50; so it was a pretty fair price for the amount given. But, I think the menu could benefit from giving more options like adding extra meat to the sandwich or having a larger size offered. 
At the end of the day, the sandwich was alright, but it did not fill me up. I loved my interaction with the couple, and so I'll probably try something else from them in the future, but I won't go out of my way to eat here.Best food truck for a breakfast sandwich in university city. There's almost always a line but the service is super fast and it's worth the wait! Perfect egg and cheese sandwichesCan't beat the value. Lyn is super sweet and will remember your usual order if you get it a few times. It's a popular spot, as evidenced by the scads of people around breakfast and lunch hours, and it's a common pick when I'm looking for cheap and good food quickly. 
My go-tos are the turkey bacon/egg/cheese on a long roll or the spinach/egg/cheese on a long roll. Sriracha and ketchup and pepper, no salt. 3 bucks will net you either one of these large-ish sandwiches in all their gooey, cheesy goodness.Wow. The eggplant spinach parm is incredible. The line moved a little slow, but the wait was worth it. I would definitely recommend it.Finally tried this truck for the first time today and was blown away. Got the following two sandwiches and split with a friend:
+long roll (eggplant spinach and parm with hot sauce) 
+egg, cheese, veggies, spinach (with ketchup and hot sauce)
I'm literally dreaming about the next time I'll get to go. The sandwiches on the menu seem so standard and simple, but I usually never feel this satisfied. Sweet and spicy at the same time, and the bread is perfectly crispy yet soft. The sauce on the eggplant sandwich is deliciously flavorful, and the melty cheese is the perfect top to it all. Warm and delicious.
Nothing but positive and glowing words for this review. The husband-wife couple are absolutely ADORABLE and stay calm even through chaotic messes and long lines, and will always make sure to ask the right questions-- salt and pepper? hot sauce and ketchup?Lyn's is my favorite food truck on Penn's campus! As the other reviewers have said, Lyn's has excellent service. Lyn has an exceptional memory in terms of remembering regulars' orders (and also for remembering multiple orders at once during peak hours). Service is quick and you have a variety of sandwiches (both breakfast and lunch sandwiches) to choose from.
In terms of quality, the food here is always very good. I tried this truck last fall based on chance and have been a regular since then.There were a LOT of people lined up for this tiny little food cart. The line did move pretty slowly but I truly love this place. Lyn and mr lyn are an adorable couple and they work super quickly and expertly. I ordered the egg and cheese and spinach on wheat bread and it was incredibly flavorful and satisfying! My parents both tried the cheesesteaks on long rolls and they said it was very good. I'll definitely be back!I'm a huge fan of Lyn's Eggplant Spinach Parm pita with Sriracha. At just $3.50, this always-satisfying sandwich hits the spot time and time again. I will defend this sandwich against anything and everything because it is just that good. Textures, flavors, and cost-efficiency--the Eggplant Spinach Parm pita has it all. The portion size is perfectly filling for lunch. I've tried the chicken pita and the egg sandwiches as well, but ever since I tried the eggplant parm, I've been hooked and 100% committed. Sometimes I like to mix it up between the pita and the roll, but I find the pita easier/cleaner to eat. The warm and crusty roll is great too if you prefer bread to pita. Very friendly service, and although the lines get long, they are very fast at turning out your freshly made meal. This truck has a strong following, and the fans at the truck will tell you you can't go wrong with anything, which I can't help but believe. Uncontestably one of the top 3 best food trucks on Penn's campus. Cash only.Absolutely fantastic breakfast sandwich for an incredibly inexpensive price.  My wife got an egg and cheese, I opted for a pork roll/bacon egg and cheese.  Both sandwiches were packed and delicious and total price was less than 7$.  Will be going back for sure.Entering my tenth year at Penn, I can say that Lyn's is unequivocally the best food truck on campus. Prices are great, service is quick (within reason), portions are large, quality is impeccable (for a food truck), and everything on the menu is delicious. I have brought many people I know here and Lyn's has always lived up to its hype. Lyn also has my favorite order (Italian sausage works on a long roll with hot sauce) memorized and is very charming.Eggplant spinach parm on pita=amazing
Lyn is incredibly sweet, and the value just can't be beat$3 for a spinach, egg, and cheese. Unreal price and taste. Seriously, it's so filling and you watch them crack the egg on the griddle in front of you. I also get the salt, pepper, ketchup, hotsauce. Brings it all together. Also, Lyn and her husband are really welcoming and thorough--they always get the order right. It's the best breakfast deal (price AND quality) you're gonna find, especially near Penn.I've heard a lot about Lyn's and them making good sandwiches. But shoot, those lines are always long when students are here. I just don't have the patience.
But that's why summer's are great for getting good grub. I finally made my way to Lyn's. I went simple and got a meatball parm sub. I loved that after the meatballs and sauce, they not only added mozzarella, but a nice sprinkling of parm cheese.
And, it was quite tasty. The meatballs were big and yummy. The sauce was nice. And, these cheese was cheese.
I do want to go back and try some of their other sandwiches.I've been working on Penn's campus for 25 years, Lyn has always been my favorite truck, her eggplant is spot on!!!amazing food, polite owners, and dirt cheap prices. I go here all the time and would never dream of stopping. If I attempted to write a review of my love for Lyn's, it would go on for pages because I just love everything about it! My standard is bacon, egg, and cheese on a long roll, seasoned with salt and pepper and a squirt of ketchup. The scrambled eggs are piping hot from the grill, melting the American cheese perfectly and serving as a good contrast to the hot, crunchy bacon. The backdrop of the fluffy, hearty bread of the long roll is perfect. I'm certain I could eat this king of breakfast sandwiches all day at all hours (which...I do, given they serve breakfast all day until they leave at around 3pm - how lucky for me!). A super filling sandwich for just $3 is also one of the best deals to be found in U City. I had a Bui's bacon egg and cheese sandwich once and it can't even hold a candle to Lyn's. Their eggplant parm sandwich with spinach is also killer. Find them on 36th and Spruce, right outside the entrance to the Lower Quad at UPenn, and situated close to HUP and the medical school.10 stars if I could! Lynn never disappoints. She's always so pleasant and kind, asking about our day and just conversing about everything. Her food is consistent. We always get the hot sausage with fried onions, mayo and ketchup and a chicken gyro. Tried different items here or there but they're a hit or miss sometimes so we stick to the two I just mentioned. Just wish they were open longer.I mainly go here for cheese steaks, and out of the 5 carts/trucks I've been to, I'd rate Lyn's #1 in both taste and price without hesitation. Always nice service even when there's a huge line. Never had to wait more than ~5minutes.Hands down the BEST food truck in University city. Always a long line, and yet lyn seems to remember all her regulars' orders. Best bagels for breakfast sandwiches compared to other trucks. Bacon, egg, and cheese on everything bagel is a must. Lunch food good too. Reasonably priced.WORTH ALL THE HYPE AND MORE. 
This food truck has truly some of the tastiest breakfast and lunch in University City AND hands-down the best bang for your buck. 
My absolute favorite meal on the menu is the eggplant spinach parm sandwich. To make it vegetarian, Lyn will kindly replace the meatball sauce with ranch and sriracha. This sandwich is bursting with flavor, so filling, and only $3.50. 
Lyn and her husband are INCREDIBLY efficient and serve up your food super quickly despite the high amount of traffic this food truck constantly gets. Cash only. Worth every cent.There is a reason this place has such good reviews! You get really good food that's inexpensive and made fresh. I ate here 3 out of 4 days when I was down by the hospitals. Grilled chicken Caesar wrap, ham, egg and cheese on a bagel and a grilled chicken sandwich on a long Philly roll. It also helps that Lyn is so friendly. Go check it out!Went to visit a relative at Penn Medical, took a walk onto Spruce St... found this small food truck & reminded of the Grease Trucks at Rutgers... damn good Cheesesteak... nice service & prices that couldn't be beat... makes me wish I had gone to Penn when accepted instead of choosing a different college so many years ago... give it a try if you are in the area... good food & great price... can't ask for anything moreEggplant spinach parm pita is delicious, but I give the truck 4 stars because i just don't think it's that "OMG WOW!!" Eggplant is great and tasty, the pita is warm, soft, and fresh, and the tomato sauce is perfect. However, the portion is kinda small, and my friend and i were still hungry afterwards, so we decided to split an egg and cheese sandwich from another food truck lol. 
The lady server is so sweet and friendly. 
UPDATE: tried the bacon, egg, and cheese. It was good, but it tasted the same as any other food trucks... There's a truck close to Lyn's, simply named "Breakfast & Lunch," and it has the same egg & cheese foods but at a cheaper price, so i like that better.This is probably the food truck I visit the most, about once or twice a week. With low prices, fast (and kind) service, and an extensive menu, it's the perfect place for a student to stop by for lunch. My favorite item is the eggplant spinach parmesan; it's a pretty unique item compared to other sandwich trucks, a super-filling meal for just $3.50 on a pita or short roll, and I can tell myself it's vegetarian and thus healthy even though it's probably not. Their breakfast sandwiches are also a popular choice, allowing for lots of customization, but I stick to a simple egg, spinach, and cheese on a plain bagel. They grill the bagel which is an amazing touch! I also just tried the cheesesteak for the first time, and at only $5, it's a great deal compared to a sit-down place and also just as good. 
Some tips: Lyn's opens pretty early so it's a perfect spot for an early breakfast when the other trucks are closed, but it also closes early at 3pm so get there before then! Also, if you order something that ends in $0.50 and don't want to deal with change, just get a bag of chips for $0.50 to round it up.For $3, you can get fresh eggs, spinach, and any of three cheeses served on your choice of bread. And it only takes like 2 minutes for them to make. It's BANGIN'. Ask for salt, pepper, and siracha. 
Again, I want to stress: FRESH EGGS. As in, they crack the eggs out of the shell right in front of you instead of using a carton of egg beaters. It makes me so happy. High quality, fresh breakfast cheaper than anywhere else on campus (except maaaaybe Wawa).Such a simple concept for a food truck, but so so amazing. 
Came here after a friend raved about their to-die-for egg sandwiches-- she did not exaggerate. I came on a freezing afternoon and there was still a bit of a line (good signs!). I got a regular egg, cheese and veggie sandwich on wheat bread. The sandwich was AMAZING. The wheat bread was lightly toasted, the cheese was perfectly gooey but not messy, and the eggs were scrambled just right with the veggies (onions, bell peppers, mushrooms). Lyn (how cool that she was the one taking my order!?) asked me all the questions I usually have to specify myself when I order or risk not liking my order -- salt, pepper, hot sauce, mustard, how spicy? She takes care of each aspect of your order, leaving you satisfied and loving each last bite of your sandwich! I wish I came back a second time but next time I'm in Philly, I will definitely be getting a couple more meals here. I want to try the eggplant Parmesan pita that other yelpers have been raving about! 
Tips:
+Order two things - the sandwich was only $3! What a steal. Plus another dish will probably hold you over longer until dinner. 
+You can get egg whites! I saw the Lyn's husband expertly working with a fork to needle out the egg whites from the yolks, so you will get the freshest egg whites as well (not out of a carton like in the grocery store!). 
+Get hot sauce + mustard. Perfection!I love Lyn's!
They do all kinds of sandwiches -- it's simple, standard stuff you see at a food cart, but they just do everything really well.  Tasty and satisfying.  Real food.  Actual grilled chicken (not some kind of chicken-like meat composite) -- great in a pita with honey mustard.  Eggplant Spinach parm is great.  Sausage sandwich with fried peppers, onions.  Egg white omelette for a breakfast sandwich.  It's all good.
Fast friendly service.  They're very efficient, so it's reasonably fast even with a long line.If you don't know about Lyn's, you are seriously missing out! It is the best combination of great prices, good food, and amazing service! Lyn is the sweetest woman. She even remembers your orders after you've been there a few times!
I've only been there for breakfast sandwiches, but they are so good and inexpensive. I always get bacon egg and cheese on a bagel, and it's only $3.50! She also has options for a long roll or wrap. This is a must for a quick meal while studying or if you work at the hospital!Hands down. Best food truck on Penn's campus. Friendly, efficient, and generous servings for a cheap price. They don't even skim off on chicken breast.
I have been coming here since 2016 as a recommendation from a lab mentor and have been getting his sandwich since then on a weekly basis. 
It's a bit customized of an order but Lyn's memory is unbelievable. You say it once, and she got it no matter how many things she's doing at once. She remembers my order and many other of her customers too!!! Amazing woman. 
Food is extremely inexpensive, don't expect to spend more than $10 on lunch here. And it's delicious. Although the line over the years have been longer and longer (which is great!) but don't expect your food to be ready ASAP during lunch rush.I was recommended to try Lyn's several years ago by my friends, who all said it was one of the best food trucks by my school. Since then, Lyn's has become one of my favorite food trucks in the University City area. If you're ever in a rush to work, have only a couple quarters in your pocket, or just want a good hearty meal for 1/3 of the cost of other restaurants in an area, Lyn's is definitely the place to go. I primarily go for their breakfast food, and ask for a sausage egg and cheese on a long roll, which usually comes out in under 5 minutes. This extraordinarily cheap sandwich can usually last me through breakfast and half of lunch (depending on how hungry I am at the time). To add, the woman who usually takes the orders is very nice, and has a darn good memory of customers. If you want a decent sandwich and want to spend next to nothing, I would definitely recommend this food truck.Best $3.50 i have ever spent on lunch. I would recommend the Spinach Eggplant Parmesan sandwich, which is delicious and hearty, even for non-vegetarians like me. 
The short roll costs $3.50 and the larger size costs $5, but I have found the short roll to be plenty (for a girl). Highly recommend!Their bacon, egg and cheese sandwich with a bit of sriracha hot sauce.  Amazing.Plenty of soft eggs and pink ham tucked in between golden, flaky bread for a great start to the day.I think Philly has a selection of great and incredibly affordable food trucks, and Lyn's is one that serves food which, while not the most innovative, delivers exactly what they say in a quick and tasty fashion at stupid-low prices. You can go here and get a stuffed sandwich starting at $3($2 if it's a breakfast sandwich), and they are very satisfying. The eggplant parm sandwich(or pita if you so choose), is a standby and a faux meal in and of itself; 2 meals if you get the large sandwich(which'll only cost you a flat $5). Lines can be long, but moves quickly. And Lyn is super nice. Frankly, it's hard to walk by and not get something.I really respect places that keep it simple, but do what they do really well. Lyn's is one of those places. They serve up simple but well-made breakfast sandwiches in a fast and friendly manner. 
After only one visit, they knew my order. Then I didn't return for a few weeks and they still knew my order on my third visit! Now that is some impressive customer service! My go-to order is an spinach, cheese, and egg white sandwich on rye toast. The egg white is always cooked perfectly, there is plenty of spinach and the cheese is all gooey and creamy. A little hot sauce and black pepper I get added at the end, gives it that kick. All this for $3! It makes a good breakfast, or a nice light lunch. The only other sandwich I have tried is the chicken special with peppers, mushrooms, and onions that comes on a long roll. It was okay, but I wasn't a huge fan of the roll it was on. 
If you are looking for a food truck for breakfast or lunch in University City and want something dependable, affordable, and tasty, Lyn's is your spot! The line may look long, but don't let that deter you as it usually moves quite quickly.I travel often and always stop by here every time I'm in Philly and I'm never disappointed. A must stop food truck with great food and service!   They make the best Philly cheesesteaks in town, don't miss out.