this is where my family gets duck.  Its actually really disturbing to see the ducks hanging in the front, but I have to confess that its really tasty.We came to town to see the Chinese lantern festival.  We wanted dinner that was quick.  This place was a short walk from the festival.  I ordered the roast duck over rice and it was delicious.  The meat was tender and the skin was perfect.  I would definitely come back for more.Was my fave to have lunch during break time, but disappointed when I got here today. Fried dough was cold, so do the roast pig and roast duck also the rice. They just put it in on microwave before serving it to us. What a shame. I'm thinking twice before I get back here again.My boyfriend and I were in Chinatown for an event and naturally I was jonesin' for some authentic Chinese food. We stumbled upon M Kee, saw the roasted meat in the window and immediately knew this was our dining destination.
A true hole-in-the-wall establishment, the restaurant is about as plain as possible with bare off-white walls aside from the bright orange chair rail. The staff dons coordinating orange t-shirts and are as kind as can be. There is a small cooking station up front and the rest of the dining room is small but not claustrophobic.
Part of what I like so much about Chinese food is the generally cheap prices and M Kee did not disappoint. For a measly $5 I got a HUGE bowl of noodles with roast pork and chicken. Now let me say I'm not usually a noodle person so I don't know how big these bowls typically are... but it seemed humongous to me, especially for the price. Both the pork and chicken were so tender and extremely flavorful, though the chicken was slightly... gelatinous? I definitely preferred the pork and ate almost all of it. Unfortunately I wasn't a fan of the broth. I thought the noodles were fine.
We also ordered the sesame chicken which was another large portion for $10. I really enjoyed this - the chicken was modestly breaded and the sauce was flavorful but not overbearing. The bed of broccoli was fresh and cooked well. 
My boyfriend had the fried pork... pork chops? Not sure. It was a plate piled high of thin slices of overly breaded pork. It was very, very heavy and greasy... we only had a few pieces then quit.
I can't say if this place is any better or worse than other Chinatown restaurants as I rarely get the chance to eat in this part of town. Overall I enjoyed my meal here and would probably return to try some other items on the menu, though I won't rush back.
Note this establishment is CASH ONLY.This place is my go-to for a quick lunch or dinner in Chinatown. Have your cash ready since they don't accept credit. I believe it's one of the "hidden" gems because of its somewhat discreet location as it's not on a popular corner. 
Pro tip for roast pork (and maybe even duck?): opt for half fatty, half lean to avoid drier cuts and it'll taste so much better with your rice and/or noodles. Your heart and arteries might hate you, but your taste buds and stomach will love it! Pro tip 2: check out the hanging meats and see what's fresh as you enter and before even sitting down. Like the last donut and last anything, I wouldn't order anything that there's only a few left. 
For hot rice entrees, I like the beef and tomato with egg, combination and fish (think stir-fried battered boneless fish) with vegetables. Piping hot on a cold day and goes well with the complementary soup during lunchtime, you're in and you're out with their quick service and a satisfied stomach.From the makers of Ting Wong comes the newest restaurant M Kee!  Now its been open for a few weeks now and I was already a fan before it officially opened lol.  
The food is basically noodle and rice dishes.  They have to roast ducks and chickens in the window, but its not as flavorful as Ting Wong but good never the less.  The wontons and shimp dumpling are very good.   The pan fried noodles taste better here than Ting Wong.  
This place is very clean.  Service is fast and waiters and waitress are very polite and efficient.  You want cheap eats you found a great place!  Stop by!  Im might be sitting in the back lol!
Happy Eatings!!If you're on a time restraint, this place is perfect because the food comes out super fast. Portions are great for the price! I get the roast pork and roast duck over rice and its tasty and fulfilling. 
My love for Ting Wong and M Kee are equal. Though I can say that the service is much friendlier here and the presentation of food is nicer. Choosing whether to eat at M Kee or Ting Wong only depends on which is closer or if one is closed.the duck house is to chinatown what the sandwich shop is to the italian market.  m kee is my go-to spot.  the hanging ducks in the front window serve a duel purpose. for some, they are a glowing welcome sign, while to the casual chinese food eaters they can be an intimidating guard dog.  it takes some chutzpah for any chinatown neophyte to hit up a place like this.  your bravery, however, will certainly be rewarded with tasty large portions of freshly chopped up duck and pork served over rice or noodle soup.  the roast pig (not to be mistaken with the roast pork) is my favorite because of the crispy fried skin. besides the fresh chopped stuff in the window, there's also a few things i'd recommend from the kitchen.  first off is the peking duck special. they switch it up a bit at m kee by serving the duck with bao instead of pancakes.  second, is the bitter melon and beef in black bean sauce over rice.  mmm, this is making me salivate by just writing about it.  i seriously love me some bitter melon (aka ampalaya), but just know that it's very much an acquired taste.  i've honestly been disappointed by some of the other stuff in the kitchen, but stick to the basics and you'll leave with a happy belly and plenty of cash to spare.M Kee is one of my regular stops for lunch or quick dinner. Service is fast. The owners are a couple and always nice. The gusband used to work at old Ting Wong. I have seen his amazing duck chopping skills. It's an art. He could probably make money just by the performance of it. 
M Kee's portion is huge, even bigger portion for dine in plates. I once brought 50 out of state travelers to the restaurant(almost occupied the whole store) and they were able to accommodate and service was quick. Very efficient if you want a quick but fulfilling meal.I now come into Center City a couple times a week, and every time -- really, without fail -- my parents and I will swing by M Kee for lunch and some dinner fixings to go. It's hard to pick just one of the many shops selling barbequed meats in Chinatown, but this is the current favorite. Just step in the door, take a deep breath, and your stomach will start growling (sorry, vegetarians/vegans).
I like their scallion chicken with extra ginger sauce (order by 1/4, 1/2, or whole bird) -- it's a bit on the salty side, but it goes well with whatever else I want to eat or even as a car snack if I can't wait. The roast pork (order by # of ribs) is addictive like candy with its ultra crispy skin and tender meat. My parents often get the pick 2 meats (usually soy sauce chicken and barbequed pork) with vegetables on rice, a household staple, and they never leave without one of the crispy fried doughs (two types: the long savory one is good for dipping in rice porridge, but the fatter, sweeter kind is far better for snacking).
The service is quick and courteous. Although I typically get food to go, they have a good number of tables for simple sit down service. Most people who come in are locals (a good sign), but even if you don't speak Chinese, you'll be able to communicate fine. 
FYI CASH ONLY, so come prepared!Yummy, great meat plates and great chow fun noodles. I think this place has a better cut of duck than the one next to the bubble place. Service is better than usual but still china town.Probably the most amount of peas I ever had in fried rice.  Saw them microwaving my friend's dish.  Tea was luke-warm.Huge portions and decently delicious Chinese food. The staff are very friendly as well. I would probably try it again and get the duck!Chinatown is a favorite place of my friends and I to eat as the food is often delicious and the prices are low.  M Kee did not disappoint!  Their menu was chock full of my favorites such as sesame chicken and shrimp curry along with a few I had definitely never heard of... including fresh squid with pickled vegetables.  Each of these "meats over rice" dishes were only $5-$6 per meat with the "limit" being three meats.  Seriously, how can you go wrong with meats over rice???  Delicious!
I believe the most expensive thing I saw on the menu was $15... and you could get some fried dough for only ONE DOLLAR.  All the portions we received had enough food that we had leftovers to take home, even my one male friend who always seems to clean his plate! 
The only thing we had that wasn't quite up to par were the noodles.  The broth had flavor, but it was almost as if the noodles weren't cooked in the broth... they were just kind of "there".
Would gladly go here again!My bf and i ordered from here most of the time . we're  Never disappointed with our food. Plus, the  Service is Excellent !! (:  Our favorite is the Hong Kong style noodles  w/ roast pork , duck and soy chicken MmhhmmmOne of my coworkers recommended this place for their roast pork so I had to check it out.  We ordered the roast pork for appetizer, beef chow fun, and rice with scallion/ginger beef.  The meal was definitely better than our local takeout place near our house in Havertown.  Service was good and it was pretty empty on a Monday night.  This is place to buy roast pork by the pound from front.  They also sell roast duck.Love the duck... The crispy pork can't be beat... The hardest part about eating here is deciding what to have it is all so good. $6 for crispy pork over white rice... its amazing.Stereotypical Cantonese restaurant with the roast ducks and pig hanging in the front window. You know you want it.
*Hot teapot provided with your meal complimentary. It's more diluted than I've had at other Chinese places, flavor is okay.
*3 item BBQ Combination (BBQ char siu pork, roast pig, soy chicken): I will give this dish points for not being too oiled like I've had at other places - it's quite light here. Char siu was a great combination of sweet + savory while not being too sauce-heavy. The roast pig (thit quay for you Viet folks) had wonderful crispy skin texture and nice flavoring although I will say I've had a more powerful five-spice aroma elsewhere. Soy chicken was alright, small pieces with very crumbly bones, but appropriately flavored. 
*Congee (with pork and preserved egg): $5 and not the biggest portion, it was enough for maybe max two people to share as an appetizer (or one person as a decent entree). They used a beautiful glutinous rice blend to add the sweet aroma combined with the savory pork and preserved egg flavor. The preserved egg is awesome! The texture of the congee is thick and rich, not the thickest I've had at similar Cantonese places but still delicious.
 *Hong Kong Pan Fried Noodle (with shredded pork):I'm a fan! The gravy softens out the crispy texture of the egg noodles underneath. My only complaint is that the gravy could have been more rich and salty. 
Overall quite solid Cantonese, clearly not the best I've had (I hail from Toronto aka Hong Kong's unusually snowy suburbs so I know more than a thing or two about what this food tastes like) but still delicious and very much affordable especially if you aren't looking for ginormous portions but still want to be full.This is my #1 go-to spot in Chinatown! Came here regularly when I lived in the area. I usually order food to go and some of my favorites here are the Amoy noodles, beef chow fun, combo/seafood lo mein, pork & thousand yr egg congee etc. They have huge portion sizes - I always have plenty of leftovers. Of note, they are cash only!My wife is a big fan of Cantonese culture and food. So needless to say that we have been to many different Cantonese restaurants. This is one of the best that we have been to. The beef (brisket) noodle is very flavorful and there is tons of brisket and tendon. You can also add extra vegetable for your noodle for $1.5. The portion of vegetable is also very generous, enough for one day worth of vegetable. This is a very good restaurant that happens to serve very resinably priced food.M Kee has quickly become one of my favorite restaurants in Chinatown. After just two trips, I was sold.
First, M Kee has the best service in Chinatown by far. We've never had to wait too long for the server or the food to come out. Actually, on our last trip, the server came over three times before we were even ready to order. I know this sounds pushy but he was apologetic every time and kept telling us to take our time. It was a rare night out with my grandmother and her grandchildren so we were caught up in some conversation with her (service 5/5).
The food itself is quite good. We have gotten the "three meat combination" appetizer where you can select three meats from the appetizer menu and combine into one. We always get the scallion chicken, roast duck, and roast pork. All three are fantastic. My only complaint is that it's a bit oily but that's to be expected (5/5).
We have also got a variety of other dishes that I don't remember now but, from what I do remember, they all ranged within a 4-5 star rating for me. The absolute best part of it for me was that all the food stayed pretty true to authentic Chinese food. 
The ambience isn't going to blow you away. It's a traditional Chinatown restaurant but I grew up going to these places so I don't mind it. Thus, I don't take too much away from their overall score for it (2/5).
It may not be a first, second, or even third date kind of place...but the service plus food made it five stars for me.M Kee is one of those places where if you know Chinatown food, and that's the palace where you eat often, you end up here alot. First thing I had there was their pork congee because I was feeling a bit sick and a co-worker said it'd help. It did, but I also found a new dish and restaurant to go to. I go here regularly, about twice a week, any if their various meats over rice is a great choice. All meat is deliciously marinated and they always have peking duck fresh in the window. Phenomenal food. Their menu board doesn't show all of the great things they have, ask for a menu.Tell yourself that you're not there for hospitality, you're there for good food and you're set! Get the roast pork, which I think was much tastier than the roast duck! The meats itself are worth the trip. M Kee has redeemed itself, fortunately, the Yelpers were right after all.Roast pig and duck on rice is my favorite dish here. Prices are reasonable. One of my go to places to eat when I'm in the Chinatown areaWent there for breakfast and tried Congee and some deserts. Reasonable price and good quality food.Mayo shrimp! Yummy! Nicely fried & lots of mayo. Comes out hot & doesn't take too long even when the whole place is full & people are coming in and out for take-out.Your basic, run of the mill Chinatown restaurant. The decor was simple but the food was respectable, it also helps that everything was really inexpensive.
The food:
Roast Pork and Roast Pig with egg over rice- The roast pig had that nice crunchy skin and the meat had good flavor and was tender. The roast pork or char shiu was surprisingly good, I am usually not a fan since it tends to be too sweet but the one here was good, it had a nice balance of sweet and savory, it is worth getting. https://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=HyFalJvV0d_38PVQ_hwVPQ&userid=Y_iTTjKvV5hLy-880SZzlA
Chiang Fun with Shrimp- I thought the version here was OK. The skin was a tad too thick but the flavor was OK, the noodle did feel oily, though. Also, the more you chew, I noticed on odd/pasty texture to the noodle but at least the shrimp was OK. https://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=pNtndtUexGxmLmbnH4boCA&userid=Y_iTTjKvV5hLy-880SZzlAEver since my girlfriend and I found Prosperity Dumpling in Chinatown, NYC, we've made it a crusade to find breakfast in every major city's Chinatown. We left MD early (0600) to make it in time to have some crucial breakfast dumplings. To our dismay, we found NO dumpling places open before 10:30-- but wait! Here's a store with delicious roasted ducks hanging in the window and a full house at 9:00. Let's do it.
We came in and found a table for two fairly quickly (luck?). A quick gander at the menu and it was a done deal: Sliced Roast Pork appetizer, Chinese Broccoli & Oyster sauce, Roast duck noodle soup, and roast pork noodle soup. We asked the waitress about where to get good dumplings and she replies "We have! Fried or steamed?". This was, indeed, divine providence. Fried.
Waiting for our food, it was great to see a table of travelers (who seemingly hadn't met before) sharing a table and swapping stories of Chinese and German cultures.
The portions were excellent, surpassed only by the flavor. The duck was tender and juicy, the pork was deliciously salty (not TOO salty), and the bok choi was sauteed as I would make at home. The complimentary tea was yummy, too.
I didn't care for the broth as much as some other restaurants, but theirs is still well above average.
Bottom line: If you're in Chinatown and hankering for yummy food and a great experience, stop by M Kee!The shrimp wonton noodle soup is delicious.  Seriously.  The duck isn't as good as Sang Kee's but it comes in at a close second.  Prices are unsurpassed and service is efficient.  Like most other Chinatown restaurants, it can seem a bit cramped but the food is worth it.Terrible 1/2 roast duck for $10.50. Looks to be at least a day old, nothing but bones and duck fat. This one went straight to the trash.Cheap and delicious Chinese food! M Kee serves various types of roasted meats and rice and noodle dishes. It's a quick place to come get takeout or sit down and eat. One of my favorite things to get here is actually the roasted pork bone. Excellent for making soup or pork base for congee. 
Cash only!So I have to update my review, we got a roast duck, some roast pork and beef chow foon take out. The chow foon was very good and the roast duck was superb. The roast pork was good. This was definitely a different experience than I had prior for lunch. I would order duck again from this place for sure.i come here pretty regularly for take outs~ portion is great and a really good value!
my favorite is the singapore rice noodles from mkee~ it really hits the spot every time! the rice platters are always solid whichever one you choose~ the porkchop over rice is for when i'm super hungry!  
i love coming here to get the rice noodle rolls under "breakfast" they do a really good job and offers the one with scallion and dried shrimp which isn't available at the dim sum places in philly~
definitely give this place a try if you haven't been already!To begin with, I don't expect much from Philly's Chinatown. I grew up in California with amazing Chinese food, and have visited Hong Kong several times where the food is always phenomenal. So when I review Philly Chinatown, I essentially give them a handicap.. which probably means this is really a 3-star review but I'm giving them 4 stars.
I had been craving Chinese breakfast food, specifically congee and dim sum. I've walked past M Kee multiple times, noting a good number of customers frequenting the place. Finally I decided to give it a try on a weekday morning, already planning what I'd order:
Congee with roast duck
Beef cheong fun (rice roll stuffed with beef)
Za leong (Chinese donut wrapped in rice roll)
My food all came out nice and hot. The congee was delicious and I was impressed by the roast duck. There were good chunks of meat/skin, without too much fat. Served with a side of sauce. Definitely getting this again!
Beef cheong fun was ok. The rice roll is a bit thick, but overall, when you can't get much better in Philly, it will do.
Za leong was also ok. The dish was huge, which was a nice surprise. Again the rice roll is a bit thick, but the Chinese donut was great. It was hot and crispy.
The meal did come with complimentary hot tea. I didn't realize they also serve soybean milk, or I would have tried it. The server was very nice and the food came out pretty quickly. My bill came out to $12.75, which wasn't bad for a nice brunch for one, with leftovers! Definitely coming back again to check out the rest of the menu (wonton noodle soup, and 3 meat dishes).This is one of me and my hubby favorite place to grab a quick dinner. The food is very reasonable price and portion is big. The service is fast and workers are very friendly. Some of our favorite dish are the soy sauce pan fried noodles, fish and tofu over rice, wonton soup, pickled cabbage with squid, young chow fried rice, cuttlefish over rice. So if you around the area you should give this place a try.I came here for a quick bite in the morning. I was really surprised to find this place opened at 8am. I had a big bowl of their wonton noodle soup for $4.50! :) I thoroughly enjoyed the noodle soup, possibly even more for the price... I also got their Zhaliang (fried dough with rice noodle; dimsum dish) which I was really looking forward to. The fried dough wasn't crispy at all and that ruined it for me. The serving size of it was large too, but it just comes to show that bigger isn't always better. 
The servers were very nice and attentive. The place was sort of hole-in-the-wallish. You're definitely not going there for the decor or ambience. I would however recommend it for a quick bite to eat especially for the price and service. The food was just okay based on the food that I had.We did not know anything about this restaurant and just decided to try it. So glad we did. The food was delicious. The waitresses were charming and helpful. My wife and I split the Peking Duck special. It was wonderful. We loved this place and recommend it highly.This isn't your Chinatown tourist restaurant so you're going to get really good food with minimal damage to your wallet. The waiters and waitresses are friendly and helpful - when one of them got my order incorrect, she apologized. I eventually ate what was brought out because it was close enough to what I wanted (rice instead of pan-fried noodles).
You probably can't go wrong with anything (unless you foolishly order something that you know you don't like eating - bitter melon, for example). I'd highly recommend their roast duck, roast pork, and wonton noodle soup.
BTW, if it's a hot day and ask really, really nice, you may be able to get them to make a pitcher of iced tea which isn't on the menu.I am usually faithful to Sang Kee for my duck and noodle soups but I wanted to try something different. The 9th Street Sang Kee is more expensive than the Reading Terminal Sang Kee which I frequent weekly.
The price here at M Kee is very reasonable and comparable to the Terminal restaurant. It's fast, clean and the staff has been very friendly and helpful. The duck has a more "gamey" taste than Sang Kee but is still delicious.Environment: Standard Chinatown environment, a little more on the run-down side, definitely nothing extravagant.
Service: Extremely quick, meats are cut right in front of you.
Food: Always got the 3 meat combo here. Never fails to deliver it's decent tastes with it's amazing value (please see price section). If you choose meats, the pork, soy chicken (with ginger sauce -- please ask for this lemon grassy sauce that changes the entire dish), with the duck, it is indeed a combo breaker. This place let's you mix and match whichever meats based on YOUR OWN taste.
Restrooms: It's Chinatown.. Not the greatest restrooms.
Price: This is the game-changer. Where you can get a ton of food, great quantity, with decent quality, this place absolutely delivers at around $9-10 to stuff you.Great place for noodle soup. Portions are large and prices are cheap. My favorite place to dine if I want noodle soup or rice dishes.The food here is really awesome! Southeastern food style in China. Most of the food is mild and sweet, the fried pork is amazing!Awesome family run restaurant. This is not an upscale place but a humble family style restaurant that really pleased me. Very hot and fresh congee, salty and flavorful pork and duck really made for an awesome breakfast. Open at 8AM.One of the BEST restaurants in Chinatown! They're roast duck an char siu are definitely a must when you order! They're congee and noodles are really good too!A mixed bag: really delicious duck, but syrupy sweet noodles underneath. I do appreciate the hefty veggies in all the dishes, though, and the service is really great.The roast pork goes fast, so I didn't get to try that.  My wife ordered a whole roast duck and it was wonderful.  So crispy on the outside, so moist on flavorful on the inside.  The 5 spice, star anise, cloves, cinnamon... it was all there.  Not overly salty and chopped so uniformly, this has to be one of the, if not the, best Chinese roast ducks I've ever had.  Aces throughout spaces.Took almost 1 hour n 45 mins, after 50-60 min est while food was warm, the fried rice was average at best. Egg roll was very goodI've heard of M Kee a couple of times from friends but never made it here. Actually was going to eat at Ting Wong but my dad suggested coming to M Kee instead. Set up is pretty much the same as Ting Wong. It is quite a small space and you pretty much share tables. They sit you wherever a seat is available. I wanted to try out something simple. I ordered the wonton soup and fried dough wrapped in rice noodles. My dad ordered the soy chicken and roast pork rice combo. The broth was nice but I found the wonton to be overly salty. Maybe it would have helped if I had noodles with it. The fried dough was decent. The pieces were huge! I'm use to the bite size pieces found at dim sum. The dough wasn't as crispy but it also made it easier to eat. My dad liked his dish. He finished it completely haha. The only thing he complained about was when he asked for a bowl of soup to accompany the rice, they said they were out. I guess it's a different broth from what I had. I notice a lot of take out orders. They move very efficiently. I don't think I'll be back only because I don't really crave anything from here. Food wasn't bad and prices are good.I like the pork ribs here, but sometimes even after I tell them I dont want meat that is too dry, I still got the dry one, same goes to the honey roasted pork and crispy pork.Haven't been to M Kee in several months. Unfortunately prices have gone up. Now instead of being really cheap, it just inexpensive. The three waitresses were very helpful because we wanted dishes from the chinese menu but we can't read or speak Chinese. Their peoblem is that they speak very little English. They understand us but have trouble speaking our language. The manager is very fluent in both languages so she helped us select two dishes. The first was ground pork, fried fish and chinese okra. Dont confuse Chinese okra with the American variety, totally different looks like a long catus and doesn't have slime. Very tasty. The fried fishe was small squares of white fish coated in a light flour batter--yummy. The ground pork was almost the consistency of bolognese. Really delicious. The second dish was simply chinese sausage(lap chong). It's sweet but also has a definite pork taste. It was paired with chinese broccoli in a very like sauce. The two dishes along with hot and sour soup cost us $37.00 plus tip. Again not cheap but we did not order the standard Cantonese-American duck and pork and wonton soup. Any dinner under $20 per person in this day and age is a bargain. The restaurant is clean the staff is friendly and helpful. Well worth the visitI passed through town (philly) today and had to stop in and get a couple ordered to go. Philly use to be my stomping ground and m-kee was one of the places I frequented. Most days I would order the home style fish over rice, my absolute favorite from here. I had them the next day for lunch, which was still good after a quick microwave job for heat. It is a little bit greasy but overall a very satisfying meal. The portion is generous. 
the place has about a dozen tables ranging from 4 ppl to a large round table suited for a large party.  they always have an "asian deli" station where you get your pork belly, duck, chicken, etc.  the house tea is a good price every meal (free).
I went to use their bathroom to wash my hands and it was surprisingly clean.
Cash Only. Bring your $$.Here's the trick with M Kee: don't order things that come from the kitchen. But Wing, everything gets cooked in the kitchen, you say. Well, here's the thing: in a Cantonese style barbecue / cafe / restaurant typed place like this there are two different food preparation places. There's the kitchen, which is in the back with all the stoves and such. There's what's called the "water bar", which is the front area where all the barbeque is served and noodles, etc. are made. In general, anything that comes from a wok and can be considered an "entree" comes from the "kitchen".
And M Kee sucks with their woks.
However, their porriage, barbeque, noodles (and noodle soup) and dim sum type things are super good. Probably best in Philly re: value and taste. So don't get something that would require major stir-frying. Don't order anything from a menu heading like "beef" or "entree". Don't get any seafood, especially. And if you do that, you'll have a wonderfully delicious five star Cantonese experience.We recently visited this place after many years eating at Ting Wong (around the corner at 138 N. 10th St.) This place was opened about 5-6 years ago by former employees of Ting Wong. Some of the roasted barbeque meats - duck and pig are pretty good, but the roast pork, roast duck, and soy sauce chicken are too salty and have too much soy sauce. The noodle and rice dishes are okay. The wontons are not fresh tasting with grisly fatty pork hunks. Same for the reopened Ting Wong in November, 2014, which used to have excellent wontons. 
Overall, this place is okay and very reasonable for lunch.One of my FAVORITE dishes to find in Chinatown is fresh delicious chicken over rice. It is so simple, yet sososo satisfying. I usually get this dish at SangKee or Ting Wong, but on one unordinary day, my boyfriend decided to show me this small restaurant.
$6 for the chicken and rice dish?! How can you NOT love and appreciate an affordable AND delicious meal? I would say it is comparable to the other common restaurants, maybe there is a smaller portion of protein served? But I couldn't really tell tbh. My boyfriend got the rice soup (congee) with meats and finished it within bites -- but it was served HOT and he enjoyed every bit of it. 
What's not to love? The service is fast -- the second you enter the restaurant you are instantly seated and the next thing you know the food is being placed in front of you. The food is good AND affordable -- and it tastes fresh (they serve the meat hanging until it is gone for the day). 
I was not able to try the peking duck or pork this time around, but I will definitely be back for another cheap delicious meal!M Kee is a restaurant that serves really authentic Cantonese food. The menu features all kinds of congee at breakfast time. There are also a huge number of noodle dishes and rice plates available, all priced between $4-6.  While a few Chinese-American dishes lurk on the menu, the emphasis is on Cantonese fare. All in all, this seems like a good place to go for a casual meal. To see the menu, check out http://chinatownmenu.com/MKee.htmlBest Cantonese food in Philly, the food is very fresh & I would highly recommend going during lunch hours!If I've learned anything from Yelp, it's that the Yelpers may not always be correct and this place is no exception. I read that Ting Wong has declined in quality and that people have been going to M Kee instead, so I was doing as the Yelpers do. I walk in and it's a very small place, with mostly Chinese clientele, so I thought, OK, if they approve, then so shall I. I place my takeout order for egg drop soup and some hong kong style noodles topped with roast duck. I then awkwardly stood in front of the cashier as she decided to have conversation with another person. I wasn't sure whether I should pay then or when I placed the order, so I take a seat and maybe 5 minutes later, I was called to say that my order was ready. Once I was ready to eat, the only utensil I was provided was a fork. No chopsticks for my noodles. No spoon for my soup. Fortunately for me, I have spare chopsticks in my home. I was generally disappointed with the duck as it was extremely fatty and felt like it was lacking meat. Duck flavor was there, so no complaints on that one. The egg drop soup was nothing special, but felt like it really seasoning (i.e. salt and pepper). Perhaps I'll give this place another go, but in the meantime, I'll take my business to a place where I'm less likely to be disappointed from start to finish.The food wasn't memorable. There just wasn't enough flavor to the meat/veggie/rice dish. I'd vote you try something other than the rice dinners. It was a quick meal to satisfy my hunger. The portion size is on the larger side so you get a nice bang for your buck.Can't go wrong with meat over rice. Roast duck was delicious, pork ribs were also pretty good. Roast pork probably would have been even better (get the two meats over rice for $6.50, comes with a fried egg). We also tried the seafood pan fried noodles (noodles are the thin and crunchy Cantonese-style egg noodles) and the wonton beef noodle broth (again with the thin egg noodles). Also pretty good, if you like those kinds of noodles. You get so much food though, so it's totally worth it. 
The bottom line is, the portions are huge and the food is cheap. Stick with the roast meats and rice/noodle dishes, and you will be happy.The food actually tasted fine. Nothing amazing. Just fine. I'm giving this place just one star because of a complete lack of hygiene awareness. I used the bathroom and noted that their soap dispenser was completely broken. No soap was dispensing. I brought this to the attention of one of the staff, and she said "yah yah, we know. Sorry." 
After that, I was completely turned off. I had to eat the food despite this because I was in a group, and felt obliged to stay because others were paying. I didn't want to be rude. But the whole time, I knew that unless there were other employees or customers with hand sanitizer --- no one had washed their hands! GROSS. 
I brought out my own hand sanitizer to share with our group, and our waitress saw this and rolled her eyes. I can't make this stuff up. I will not be coming here again. If you want cheap tasty food -- there are other places in chinatown to find that, and I'm sure those staff members wash their hands.Even though I've been to Chinatown nearly every week, I never happened upon M-Kee because its storefront does not look fascinating. We decided to have lunch here because my friend highly recommended it. 
The place is pretty clean above the chinatown standard. It's not crowd inside, so we were seated promptly. Most people just order take home. We ordered several dishes on the menu; Congee with meatballs, noodle soup with roasted pork, rice with roasted duck. Roasted pork was very well marinated and perfectly done. Roasted duck was not too oily. The best of today was Congee -- heavenly smooth. 
Service was great and the servers were very friendly. Beware, this place is cash-only, so bring money. However, this place is very cheap. You will be very full and pay less than $10. 
Will be back any time soon. :)I didn't even know this place existed, until my friend recommended it to me. I tend to stick to my original places and only venture to new places with my friend, since I really only trust his taste when it comes to asian food. Came for lunch and although the place was pretty busy, the service was top notch. We ordered 3 items - beef chow fun in satay sauce, seafood pan fried noodles, and this dough wrapped in rice cake. 
The dough wrapped in rice cake was oh so yummy in my tummy. OMG, the dough was nice and chewy and so fresh. It's not like the dim sum places that are beyond hard if it's been sitting for more than 5 minutes on your table. I'm def craving these now.
The beef chow fun was good, although I do wish it had more satay to it. It was hard to tell there was any satay on it unless you really swoosh it around on your tongue,
The pan fried noodles was also delicious. It had a nice crisp and the sauce softened it up just a tad and didn't make it mushy. The sauce was also tasty, 
I will be back and be bringing the family next time. :-)Delicious, fast, and cheap. I usually frequent between here and Wong Wong across the street and they're both really good! Roast duck and roast port with noodles or rice are my standard go-to. It does feel kinda crowded sometimes cause there are so many tables close together.The one time we decided to try a new place (rather than our usual Sang Kee), we came to M Kee...and were sorely disappointed.
- Duck was dry, and mostly bones.  pretty much all bones, actually.  Not much skin, not much meat...which is not much good.
- Congee--was a huge disappointment.  Lukewarm, not much flavor, and it seemed like they had some plain congee in back, and just threw the preserved egg in last-minute.  Honestly, the one I make at home is 10x better.
- You tiao (fried bread sticks)--this was the worst.  Cold (not even warm...like actually room temp), tough, and stale--I wouldn't be surprised if it had been sitting around since the morning of the day before.  Seriously guys?  pop it in an oven or toaster or SOMETHING.
I don't even remember what else we ordered...but at that point, my mind was already made up--in the case of congee and duck, stick with tried and true Sang Kee.Portions are generous, ($4.50 congee bowls can fill 2-3 people), some entrees are a tad bit oily, and don't be surprised if the congee runs out-theyre so good. I only wish the waiters to speak better english, but that's okay.I agree with the two negative reviewers below.  They rush you in and rush you out.  If you order more than one course, they bring everything at once, even after you ask them to bring the soup first then the main course.  I had asked ahead of time, that they bring the soup first, they ignored it, and brought everything at once.  I told them to take the main course back and keep it warm.  They took it back but did not keep it warm.  I did not leave them a tip.  The person with me ordered sliced duck, and it was full of bone, almost dangerous to eat or swallow.  They're obviously out for the quick buck, and couldn't care less about service.  Not to mention people brushing by you as you eat, as though you were dining in the middle of Grand Central Station.  If they came any closer you'd bump elbows.My friends and I got the three-meat platter (beef "stew", some kind of delightfully fatty pork, and something else I've forgotten), sautéed greens (think garlic, think happy), and the fried noodles with pork and vegetables (hated it, but not the restaurant's fault: I forgot that I hate that dish when we ordered it). It was great food but what made M Kee earn 5 stars is the service: the staff were thrilled to recommend dishes that would challenge our palates. One even stopped over several times to ask us what was our "true love" (the beef stew for me!). I loved their appreciation of our adventurous tastes and how they enjoyed the cultural exchange. A great experience all around.Horrible food and service. We were the only ones seated in the place and still had horrible service. Gave us hot water with no ice and even refilled without it. I asked twice. After we finally leave, the waitress had the AUDACITY to say, and I quote, "excuse me you forgot to tip?" Now I had her repeat to make sure I heard correctly...sure did. Here's the thing...I had her tip in my hand to give to her personally, even though the service was TRASH. She just didn't see it I guess. She felt stupid and the look on her face was priceless when I showed her the tip in my hand. This was the salt on my wound. Never will be back NEVER will recommend. Out of the plenty choices in the area, avoid this one.I love the roast duck! 
Reasonable price, good portion & delicious! 
I also like the vegetables (I forgot it was Chinese broccoli or water spinach) they mixed with salted fish! The waiter told me it's a dried fish & stink, she make sure that I know the food before I order. She thought maybe I wouldn't like it. 
One thing I don't like it..., cash only! Lucky! I saw on Yelp about this, so I have enough cash to pay, lol.Fantastic Duck best in the city. Great for take out or eat in. Only 19$ for the whole duck.Cheap and delicious, what more do you need besides to BRING CASH! My usual spot is either here or Ting Wong but Ting Wong usually run out of duck/crispy pork earlier so M Kee is a better later spot. Order double meat for your rice platter to get more than you need to satisfy those cravings. If you get chicken, don't hesitate to ask for the ginger sauce, bomb.com
If you're feeling under the weather, get some thousand year old egg and pork congee, you are welcomed!Easier to order if speaking Cantonese. Food was awesome - roast duck, soy sauce chicken and beef as a mix, also shrimp with mixed vegetables. Full and satisfied after a long walk.I think this is a work week sort of lunch place. Decent cheap food, not great but not too bad either. Went in for lunch and got the Hong Kong style noodles with roast pork and roast duck. Pork was quite salty and the duck was okay. They were both warm in spots but cold in spots. After they put noodles and meat on plate they popped in microwave and think that is all the heat they got. Wonton soup were dumplings were a bit rough, and broth was thin.  Nothing remarkable, not sure where all these 4 stars are coming from.Visited on December 29, 2012
This is one of those types of Cantonese restaurants that have the chicken and various BBQ meats hanging by the window.  Looks like a cheap place for food, and it was.  
We ordered:
Half a Peking duck, which is enough for two people.  Came with six mantous (steamed white bread), rice, green onions, and duck sauce. It was pretty good, but the duck had way too much fat on it.
Scallion chicken and BBQ pork combination with rice.  Since it was Sunday night, I should have known not to order this because it most likely had been hanging there the entire day.  They microwaved it before giving it to me so I recommend only ordering this early in the afternoon!I tried M Kee multiple times with poor results. The chiang fun with fried shrimp and chasiu over noodles was too salty to eat. Each time I ordered the roast duck it was extremely oily. The exception was the Peking Duck, which is served southern style with steamed buns instead of thin pancakes, and was actually pretty good. Usually Cantonese restaurants make great beef chow fun, but theirs was stale, greasy noodles clumped together. The wonton noodle soup is just okay compared to the obvious competitor. I would take a walk around the corner to get better food.Congee was great. It had a smooth texture, ginger accents, and nice depth of flavor. There was plenty of pork and eggs in my $4.50 bowl. Good mix of people dining in and ordering at the counter to go. I wish the fried donut was reheated and crisped up before serving.Great rib special. I have no idea what it was called. Saw it on another table and ordered it. Mix seafood hot pot was great. Shrimp pan fried noodles were average. Roast pork chow fun was good but a bit bland.Location:  more visible, closer to the convention center
Price:  very inexpensive
Felt a little clustrophobic...
Went here on its first week, so things got a little hectic and unorganized but expect things to get a little more orderly in time.
Another option for duck on Philly Chinatown..This place looks small on the outside, but can comfortably hold big tables and two/four tops.  I recommend the noodle dishes and the rice dishes.  The salt and pepper pork chops with rice was really good along with the hong kong style noodle dishes.  These totally rocked.  The BBQ items were great as well.  
Service is prompt and the restaurant appeared to be clean.if you enjoy blend food, look no further! how do you make a hot and sour soup that is not hot nor sour?? roast duck was also very blend. there are much better options in chinatown. wont be ordering again.