Such a quaint environment..and then...the food, how fantastic! I recommend the quail by Chef Robin and pretty much anything with a vegetable. The chefs visited our table to check to make sure everything was cooked perfectly. How often do you get such personalized service?! And service, you ask? So friendly and completely responsive to our tables needs. I would certainly recommend visiting this resteraunt as soon as you can! Don't forget to save room for dessert especially if Chef Taft made it. ;)Took girlfriend for their valentine's day tasting menu. Food was very good, only issue was that they did not ask us temperature preference for duck course, it came out medium to medium well. Still delicious, just not exactly what we were looking for. 
Otherwise the food was great. Nice sauce/side combinations, we especially liked the celery parsnip puree as part of the lobster dish. 
Staff was attentive and friendly, Gordon our waitor was great, rest of staff was very supportive throughout the meal (never had even a 1/2 empty water glass before it was refilled.)
I would recommend this restaurant and will be going back.We went to M for restaurant week on a Sunday night. We chose it last minute and were happy to get a 6:45 reservation. After reading reviews I was a little afraid of what we would find eve though we've walked pass it before on our way to other restaurants in Washington Square. The dining room is intimate and was about half full. We got a great table and were waited on quickly. Our waiter was great, very attentive but not overly bothersome. He brought me a sample of the wine I ordered before I got it so I could decide if I liked it. I was very happy he did so as it was a little sweet for my taste and could order a drier wine. The food was top-notch and I was happy to get 4 generous courses. The celery root soup was light and was satisfying. The bread and butter was so good that I could have just eaten that with their cheese selections! Our next course was monkfish with pumpkin risotto, mushrooms, and pickled jalepenos. So good! Next I had quail that seemed almost smoked and stuffed with apples and bacon stuffing with roasted brussel sprouts. The Asian pear tartin was Carmelites and lovely but could have used a knife. Overall I was incredibly impressed by M restaurant. I loved the intimate and romantic atmosphere and would easily come here again especially to eat in their courtyard during the warmer months. If you have a chance try M.Classic Society Hill bar and restaurant. Was in on a very chilly Friday evening. The bar was warm and cozy, and there was live jazz! Enjoyed a well-made cocktail made by a very professional and friendly bartender. Ordered the Philly classic fried oysters and chicken salad, which was wonderful, and salt cod fritters which were crispy and delicious! Refined atmosphere but neither stuffy nor overly fancy. In short, this would be my neighborhood go-to for classic food and warm service!Ate here Saturday Dec 2 with my mother and 6 year old daughter. The only reason I booked it was the advertisement outside that there was a Santa event in their outside area, so I booked a reservation not realizing a reservation was not required for the santa thing. When I arrived I asked to be seated outside for the Christmas event. The hostess looked at me strangely and said there was no seating out there.  I said, are you sure? I thought I saw heaters out there earlier.  She checked with someone and said no, there were no heaters and specifically told me there was no seating outside - it was just drinks and popcorn. I was told there was Santa so we could wander out as we pleased.  Hence we were seated in the formal main dining room. There was no children's menu. At this point we are just hungry so decide to stay and order very expensive food. I ordered the chicken dish and milk for my daughter. After ordering we went outside and found, contrary to what our hostess told us --  kid-friendly fare as had been advertised: Mac n cheese and stew. Also marshmallow roasting, plenty of space heaters and lots and lots of tables where people were sitting/eating.  The food was much less expensive like $8 per plate.  I went back in and pointed out the false description made by their hostess.  They explained that it was a miscommunication on my part, and offered to substitute my daughter's dish with a more kid friendly one from outside but also said they had already made the chicken we had ordered.  Thinking it would probably be more nutritious and not wanting to waste food I stuck with the original order.  The chicken was a dry, the mashed potatoes were good, but the broccoli was completely burnt black. My 6 yr old was having nothing to do with it. I had to ask them to redo the broccoli, which they did but it took forever. On a positive note I will say the fish dish was extremely good - a Mediterranean Sea bass. After I paid the bill, I asked my daughter if she wanted to drink any of her milk before leaving, as she had not touched it.  She said "No mommy, it tastes like throw up."  So I took a sip to see what she meant and it tasted so foul - like not even sour, it was indescribably worse.  If she had drank that I don't even want to begin to think of the illness that would have ensued.  I brought this potential food violation to my waiter's attention and he just shrugged it off.  The whole experience was very weird. The food was decent - fish was amazing but this was brought down by the dry chicken and burnt vegetables. Overall I was under-whelmed by the service and food, given the prices.Stumbled across this place while walking. Decided to check it out and what a find!  With no reservation on a Friday night we were welcomed right in and seated immediately. Nice menu and nice wine selection. Not over priced but nice smallish portions letting you leave not overstuffed. Creative food that tasted great. Will return.Had a tremendous meal here last night - we all loved everything that we got.  I'd come here just for the bread they served before the meal and their strawberry/lavender infused gin drink (they were that good)!  Luckily, the appetizers and entrees were equally impressive.  My mother in law go the halibut, my wife the salmon, I got the scallops, and my father in law got the short ribs - all excellent dishes.  The service was very good too - very helpful and accommodating.  It's not cheap, but for a great meal for special occasions, it's worth it.  Unfortunately it was too hot to sit outside in their beautiful courtyard, but inside if very nice too.Just had a good dinner, but it was a little pricey for what we got. We did have good wine, good service, and good desert. The garden is very relaxing, and it was great to sit in after this morning's rain. Tartuffo and moist red velvet cake for dessert were both great.We went to check this place out, based on the reputation of the chef, and the menu, which looked pretty good on paper. Unfortunately, the restaurant didn't live up to the hype. On both a service and food front.
We started out with the bruschetta, which was a bit soggy, but tasted decently. There were 4 of us dining, so we were able to order most of the menu. The gazpacho was thin, and overly sweet, as if sugar had been added to it. A shrimp and cocktail appetizer arrived without the cocktail (it came 10 minutes later) and the shrimp were oversalted, overcooked, and in a pool of olive oil. A borscht inspired beet salad was passable, but still not very good.
Additionally, we ordered a couple of bottles of wine--a Spanish white which was fine. We ordered a Spanish Granacha for the entrees--which was summarily awful. Since the restaurant sold the bottle by the glass, we asked if they would exchange it for something else, which they did. However, the sommelier recommended a Sardinian wine, that was the most expensive on the list, without warning us. It was only a $20 or so difference, but that's still a pretty shady trick to pull.
The entrees arrived (after a long while, and a bread course of pate á choux dough puffs) and our utensils had not been fully replaced. We ordered on of each the entrees. I had the roast chicken, which was a roasted breast with a dark meat sausage. The sausage was ok, and the sauce decent. The chicken breasts were overcooked, and the skin was served in the sauce, so it was soggy, which is disappointing. There were also some small roasted eggplants on the plate which didn't work very well--their bitterness didn't help the dish overall.
The short rib dish had nice flavors, but the short rib was overcooked, like it had not rested in its cuission. A lobster dish was nothing like it was presented on the menu, and while overall I thought the prices were very fair $35 for a lobster dish, that doesn't include a whole lobster is ridiculous. 
The salmon was also served skin side down (soggy skin once again), and was slightly overcooked. The best part of this dish was some perfectly cooked crispy spaghetti squash.
The service in general was inattentive, and the silverware was pretty crap (the knife for my chicken looked like it a came from a dollar store). 
We really wanted to like this place, but we won't be going back.My husband and I went here for dinner one year after we were married at the Morris House Hotel (pre-M Restaurant).  It was definitely a nostalgia-based pilgrimage... Which was why I chose to ignore two red flags: 1) Restaurant Menu lists only a "sample" menu; 2) No Yelp! Listing.. Ewww.  So, we're trying to rock the trip down memory lane (no we're not totally psycho about reliving each moment.  And, no - I wasn't, like, in my wedding dress or anything insane).
So... we get there, and - if you haven't been to the Morris House Hotel itself (I'll review separately), it's essentially a really gorgeous garden/courtyard-y thing ensconced by a super-legit Victorian-era hotel.  Oh crap that sentence wasn't supposed to end there.  Anyway, we get there, and it was pretty low-key... I immediately noticed that al the tables and chairs were sans tablecloth / cushion.  Again, no big deal, but... You're trying to be this garden-style restaurant in Society Hill... You need tablecloths.  That's just how it is.
So we're seated, and our table's like all... rickety.  To the point where I can't focus on anything - even cocktails.  It's like, "Hey, I love you," And all I hear is, "Hey, my drink is about to spill on your lap.  Wait there it almost goes again. Oh, rickety. Rickety table.  Oops..." Yeah, that's how my brain works.
So... we move.  Table issue better (new table has folded linen napkin under table leg... I guess it's better than the token Sweet 'N' Low packets, but - still.  Now our table has a candle.  Yay.
Hannah (sp?) is our server, and she's pretty much fabulous... mentioning that their bartender is brand  new/into mixology (I do my research and find out she was formerly at Tria).  Fun stuff.  I ordered a gin/cucumber/elderflower cocktail, which was fabulous.  Anyway, we start looking at the menu, and it's like... Ok, one of those laminated-front menus where the lunch menu is on the back/dinner menu on the front?  And... No explanation/inference as to who the chef is and what the cooking style is.  So, I'm starting to decide.. OK, they have empanadas... I'm feeling the South American vibe... And now here are some uber-Italian sounding/seeming dishes... Maybe it's Argentinian/Italian fusion? No idea. 
My husband ordered empanadas (meat & olive), which are apparently hand-made every day by the chef.  They were amazing... I jumped back off the wagon (unless it was a meat wagon, in which case I jumped ONTO the wagon) to try that.. I mean, why wouldn't I?) to try it and it was awesome.  i rolled with a mushroom/truffle bruschetta, which was decent, though the baguette itself was cold, despite its toastiness.  
Dinner: Arugula salad (me) / Seafood Risotta (husband).  My salad was pretty good.... My husband's risotto seemed like it was over-stirred, to the point where it got super starchy - na-mean?  Flavors were awesome, though, so.. Can't knock that.
By the time dessert was an option (Mississippi Mud something or other? Really? There's a guy sitting next to me discussing the various attributes of the Goya exhibit in Spain.  Who is your audience?), we were feeling more boozy than sweets-y, so we decided to hang out.  The bar came through with some comp'ed champagne (yay! Happy Anniversary) which was tons cool and much appreciated.
At this point, I was feeling two stars. As a Yelp-obsesseed foodie, I couldn't possibly roll with more, and... You guys know Yelp! doesn't let us do like 2.75.  So... I was feeling a little sad for M Restaurant.  But... then the bar area happened.
Tara (bartender mentioned earlier) decides to test out her bloody mary recipe / other new cocktail deliciousness on us - totally out of her love for the biz and maybe due to our Anniversary Cred (yeah... I don't know about that one).  The bloody mary recipe made me want to pass away, or do some awesome diet where all you do is drink  bloody mary mix, and get painfully thin (and bloated.. f'ckers are salty!).
She was so freaking cool... And made us heart the Morris House scene like we did 52 weeks ago.  Tara - this 3rd star is for you.  As if I'm this real reviewer... Oh wait, I'm delusional and think I matter, which is why Yelp! is perfect for me. Yay Tara. Yay me.
Dear M: Put some tablecloths outside! I'll pay more for my meal if it means I can feel like I truly AM dining in Society Hill.  Also... Your restaurant exists on cobblestone.  Figure out a way to balance the tables out.  Sorry, I know it sucks.. But... It matters.  Lastly, give me a bio on the menu (leather-clad, please!) / Chef and why he/she decided to put time, money, and soul into a restaurant.  Where are you from?  What's the cuisine all about?  Let me connect with you, because - god knows I *want* to!
Can't wait 'til M irons out the details, because the potential is there for something amazing.Having been an increasingly frequent restaurant-goer for more than 5 decades (couldn't afford much dining out until my mid-thirties), I have had my share of truly excellent experiences. M Restaurant is one of them. 
The weather was perfect for al fresco dining, and the garden, sheltered by buildings on all sides, was a paradise of colors. The scene was enchanting, reminiscent of dining in a Trasteveri courtyard. 
The menu at M Restaurant is creative, and the food superb. The only reason I don't describe our dinner in detail is that the intricacies of offerings were too complex for me to remember, and I didn't have a computer available to take notes. What I can say is our entrees were uncommonly skillful blendings of interesting ingredients. 
For dessert we chose the Creme Brulee Cake, whose humble name belies an artistic marriage of the flavor of the well known pudding with a cake of rare texture . . . most excellent! 
The staff at M Restaurant is young, highly skilled and most eager to please. 
The check for two cocktails, two glasses of wine, an exotic cheeseboard, complimentary "intermezzos, an entree, an "appetizer" which could pass or an entree, two coffees and a dessert . . . came to $102, including tax. For an upscale restaurant of this caliber, I consider this to be extremely modest. 
M Restaurant has taken its place among my top favorites.So despite the weather and our inability to sit outside, I ventured here tonight with a friend for her farewell to Philadelphia.  I thought it was a perfect spot for the occasion.  
I got there before my friend and was very comfortable to sit with just me and my book . . . which is not always an easy thing to do.  The cocktail menu is very inventive.  We spoke with the bartender who told us that she is the brainchild behind all of the cocktails.  I got the giving tree which had rosemary, sage, thyme, lime juice and tanqueray.   I am not a gin person . . . but my love for the herbal ingredients got the best of me.  The drink was fantastic!  It had large sprigs of rosemary so every sip also included a large waft of rosemary deliciousness!
For dinner I started with the mushroom truffle bruschetta.  On the menu, it includes olives, so I asked the chef for a substitute.  He added morbier.  It was great!
For my entree, I had the small plate of the seafood risotto.  It was delicious, as both of my dining partners would agree.
All in all, I had a great experience, and will be back when I can sit outside in the gorgeous courtyard!Pretty great happy hour with an assortment of cocktails, cheeses, and accoutrements. What I thought was going to be pretentious and lackluster was actually a really good time. 
If you like root-beer, M has a fantastic root-beer float, so say my friends (I hate root beer).What a gem. Great food and service. Try the cheese and charcuterie board.  Lowell made sure the meal was 1st class as well as the serviceI got the 3 for $15 and it was the worse! The chicken was mealy and seemed barely cooked, the shrimp tempura was ghastly pale and the kicker.....the meatballs were RAW!!!!! I bit into one and it was ice cold! I spit it out and cut open another and it was if it came straight from the freezer! Cooked on the outside only. I showed the waiter and his reaction was Eeek!!! He took my plate to see what he could do, but I told him no thank you, I'll pass! 
oh yeah the so-called jazz music was just some guy playing the guitar as if he was on meth and the sound was barely audible.The foodie-group I organize was treated to an extraordinary experience at the M Restaurant.  They seemed so enthusiastic to host us they offered an incredible 5 course tasting menu of fresh and very seasonal items.  On top of that, they offered us a special private sommelier to introduce 5 wines paired with each course.  The night owners joined us and the staff were super.  This created an extremely delicious and fun night for foodie.  
Most of the group of 20 arrived early enough to enjoy a few cocktails out in the peaceful courtyard, which was perfect.  If you've not seen this private, charming, courtyard then you're missing out on one of Philly's best kept secrets.  If it had been 10 degrees warmer that night, I'm certain our dinner would've been out there as well.  It was no hardship that the group was seated in the library of the Morris Hotel.  I expected this room to be a cramped, acoustic hell.  As it turned out, the room was well suited for us, and it's not to say this was a shy, quiet group, but quite the contrary (as usual).  So, I'm impressed with how the room comfortably fit our chatty group and yet never reached the wince-induced noise level common in many restaurants.  Bravo M, Bravo.
This group was a fun social bunch that enjoyed a lot of laughs.  This is typical for us whenever we're treated to good drink and great food.  The chef Aaron Bellizzi, formerly of Le Cirque, put together two 5 course menus reflecting the freshest spring offerings (see below).  One menu was vegetarian.  I,  not surprisingly, went with the other.  Both seemed to produce similar results of happy foodies.  Everyone started off with a gazpacho that woke up our taste buds and ignited a lot of approval in the form of moans and praise.  Each course to follow was presented as beautifully designed compositions on our plates.  The consensus was a happy one.  Many remarked that it was a great chance to taste so many rare and wonderful offerings at a single meal.  It was my first experience at frog legs, which I was surprised to enjoy.  Since duck is one of my favorite offerings, the fourth course stood up to high standards and expectations.  It was clearly my favorite dish - and what a treat to have it served over seasonal sautéed  ramps!
All of this would have made a very successful foodie event for us, however we were offered a whole lot more.  Our experience was enriched with the history of the building, shared with us by the owners of the hotel, who joined us for the dinner!  At one point Debbie and Gene shared historic facts and stories about the history and ownership of the buildings.  They told us about the artwork and invited us to tour some of the hotel to see some of what they've restored.  Also, and some would say most importantly, the wine pairings were a huge success!  Geoff Butler was our sommelier.  He couldn't have seemed happier to be there nor more generous.  Each course was punctuated with an introduction by one of the very attentive servers and Geoff would discuss and educate us about his choice for that course.  One would think for $20 that it was a good deal to get a decent pour of five wines at one meal.  I certainly would've been content with that.  The reality however was five wines often refilled to match the pace of your drinking.  Now you understand why I describe Geoff as generous, and perhaps more reason why we were all so happy.  I truly believe the sincerity of Geoff, Debbie, Gene and all of the staff made this meal a unique and wonderful one for everyone.
This is a great place for group events.  http://foodie-group.blogspot.com/
I look forward to returning and eating out in the courtyard in the great weather to come!First of all, although we had never eaten at M Restaurant, we did know one of the staff members and made ourselves known to him that evening. 
That being said, this was one of the best meals we have ever eaten. We tried the four-course tasting menu and found not one thing to criticize about the meal. We are not gourmet diners, we just enjoy eating. This was a special occasion for us and friends had recommended the Morris House Hotel and M Restaurant.
We took our server's suggestion for wine and were very happy with the Sangiovese he recommended. The first course was a salad of baby romaine with almond, feta, and a yuzu caper vinaigrette -- delicious! The second course was spaghetti squash that was so creamy and flavorful we took tiny bites to make it last. I cook spaghetti squash at home, but it never tasted like this. The crab galette came for the third course, it it too was like no crab cake I have ever tasted ... dense with crab meat, ... firm and flavorful.  Finally, we had the rabbit with black garlic reduction for the final course ... garlicky and wonderful as well. 
Our server surprised us with the apple spice cake dessert which was spicy and not too sweet ... the perfect end to our meal. We know we received some special treatment that evening, and we appreciated it. However, the next morning we spoke to another guest at the hotel who had been at the next table, and they were also very pleased with their meal as well. I hope we were not too biased.
The restaurant is small and intimate. We had enjoyed a cocktail at the bar before dinner and were delighted with their custom infused liquor-based cocktails. I tried the Zen Martini based on a cucumber infused vodka and loved it. My dinner companion tried the Cherry Vanilla Bourbon Manhattan and also loved it. (We are trying our own infusions at home now.) We want to go back in warmer weather to try out the courtyard some evening.Visiting the M was an evening my mom and I will treasure. My mom was visiting me from our of town and the service could not have made her stay more welcoming. They were all warm and inviting and made sure our dinner was just as we had imagined. The interior of the restaurant was lit by beautiful tea lights which created an lovely intimate dinner environment. My mom and I have been vegetarian for years and vegan for a couple months now. The dinner that was served to us was beyond exquisite. The plate was not only a piece of art work, but it was also delicious. I would recommend the M Restaurant to anyone looking for an amazing dinning  experience and who wants to create wonderful memories.First, let me say, the courtyard is absolutely beautiful. You don't feel like you are in Philadelphia anymore. That said, M Restaurant leaves a lot to be desired. 
The first time I was there was for brunch, we made a reservation for late morning in the Courtyard. I ordered poached eggs with peas and mushrooms in some sort of truffle sauce. The eggs were way overcooked - practically hard-boiled. I had to send them back. I guess that should have been a hint, don't they say that cooking an egg is the most basic test for a chef? Or maybe I just watch too many cooking shows? My friends said that their dishes were also underwhelming. 
I'm always willing to give someone a second chance (especially when someone else is paying) so I tried again for dinner. The dinner menu is very limited, which wouldn't be a problem if it was also varied. However, of the 4 dishes that were available (they had already sold out of a few by our 7pm reservation) 2 were salmon. Unfortunately I don't care for salmon so I was out of luck. I ordered lamb saddle, which was again way overcooked making it gamey and tough. My friend did try one of the salmon dishes and enjoyed it. The appetizers and desserts were also pretty good. 
Both times, the service was friendly, but very slow. I don't mind eating at a leisurely pace so this didn't bother me, but I could see that some of the other patrons were not too happy. 
Bottom line - I would only recommend M Restaurant for a pre or post dinner drink in the courtyard.So...just got home from an absolutely wonderful dinner at M.  We had gone here a few times a number of years ago but after moving to a different part of the city felt little motivation to return.  then, last week, Joncarl Lachman of Noord restaurant took over M...and what a difference!!  The menu is far more approachable, creative, and simply fun.  The chicken potpie was a revelation - truly special.  The pheasant breast was delicious and the short ribs a perfect example of what this dish should be.  I could go on and on.  Joncarl and Aila DeVowe, the chef de cuisine, have overnight created one of the most comfortable yet sophisticated restaurants in the Wash West area.  This is now my go-to place in this part of center city.  Don't miss it!!I recently had the chance to sit down in the Library section at M with my fiance to celebrate our recent engagement with a few friends and I was treated with a memorable evening.  We were taken care of by the staff, including our amazing server Diane and additional staff Ian, Linna and Tess.  We choose to allow the kitchen to craft our dinner options for the night and we were never disappointed.  Cheese and charcuterie spreads, two intricate salad dishes, specialty carrots, pesto spaghetti squash, seared salmon, peppered steak with smoked cheddar, quail (I still have dreams about the quail), and the best pappardelle all graced our table.  Throughout the evening, we were able to indulge in the boozy M cocktails, including the Manhattan.  The chef and sous chef were gracious enough to step out to our table and explain their passion for the dishes they created.  Lastly we were able to complete the feast with samples of the vanilla custard, sweet potato pie and the chocolate dipped lemon cake.  The restaurant practically had to cart me out because I never wanted to leave.  Thanks again M!Went here two weeks ago on a Saturday night with my sister and grandmother. It was a very hot day and I was reluctant to sit outside but the court yard was cool and lovely. The hosts were very nice when we were deciding to sit inside or out. Overall this place has great ambiance. It is beautiful.
Service was very good. We had some delicious wine. Waiter helped us decide what to order and how much since we were sharing. Very yummy cheese plate and salad. Our entrees were very good as well. I would highly recommend this place for a nice night out.Excellent experience at M Restaurant!
My wife and I had an outdoor dinner here for our anniversary and were not disappointed. It was a nicely decorated, large patio with about 12 tables. Even though there was a wedding occurring in the main building and some people were gathered outside for drinks, the noise level was peaceful. The service was adequate and attentive and there were some interesting specials on the menu. I was really in the mood for a gin drink (hot night) and there were several to choose from! The food was A+ and my wife and I were so impressed. Even though we were full, we had to try 1 dessert which did not disappoint. Would recommend this for a romantic outdoor dinner.i have to give it 2 stars. Chef worked at Lacroix so i expected lots more creativity from him. But scallops and duck were expertly prepared. i had certificate for $65 dinner with wine paring.  This is really strange place. waiter asked me for wine preference and i told him i like pinot, they bring Cabernet instead. when they see it untouched, they bring pinot.  They tell you what to expect for next course and something else comes. They promised morels with duck, some cheap version of mushroom came instead. I was suppose to get  skirt steak and got some kind of pork steak resembling shoe leather.  They replaced it with skirt steak after i complained.  They start dinner at 4, but had bread still baking until 5.30. Molecular gastronomy was nowhere in sight and amuse bouche was cheese with carr's crackers. so i will pass on this place.  enjoyable, relaxing dinner is something i prefer. i don't need all these disappointments. I don't know if all these substitutions were because i had voucher. This is too bad as they definitely have potential to be nice place. really nice settingWe just made our third visit to M and it delivered again. Great drinks, apps, and entrees. Lots of delicious vegetarian choices. Servers were attentive, personable, and fast. We took advantage of the great Happy Hour drink prices before our 6 PM dinner which saved some money. It's pretty pricey. It's a beautiful, small, romantic place with a gorgeous outdoor space.Pre-theater has never been so good.  A rainy night precluded sitting in the other worldly garden but the mood could not be broken with a parade of small plates. The avocado gazpacho with crumbles of pumpernickel, black garlic purée and pickled cauliflower was divine. The house salad was simple but really flavorful. The skate entree with hearts of Palm,pine nuts and capers and the orecchiette with ramps, fiddle heads and morels were beyond description.  Yummy yummy yummy. We shared a second course of crawfish cakes with polenta that were fork fighting delicious. And somewhere there was room for the chocolate bomb dessert with the dense texture of pot au creme. Superb night.M Restaurant catered our 20-person wedding at Morris House and I have dined in the courtyard twice. This is one of Philadelphia's best-kept secrets, like a secret garden in the middle of the hustle and bustle of the city. Their chef was terrific and Danielle offers creative pairings for food and cheese. If they have the sunchoke or butternut squash soups on the menu, give them a try. Rich and delicious.We were off to a good start because the patio was open for happy hour and that's not often the case. The "bar snacks" menu was expanded and included many appetizers from the restaurant menu. We shared three snacks (3 for $15): chicken wings, fried oysters with chicken salad and crab fritters. 
We ordered martini's because the online menu read cocktails $6. When the server (new that day) brought them were charged the happy hour price ($6) although the on site menu had bartender's choice cocktails. 
We will go back.Uuugh I don't know where to start. I went for HH on a Wednesday. Ummm the "Jazz" was a man hardly playing the guitar in the corner. The food was awful I got the wings (nasty) and nacho cheese (a slice of cheese with some sauce). My friend got the sangria and she sent it back because she didn't like it.  A couple of other people at the table got the meatballs and they said it wasn't seasoned well at all. Our waiter was nice though.This restaurant presents a cozy, romantic atmosphere but the food and service are not a good value. We wound up paying about $80/person for a glass of wine, salad, and entree, all of which were good, but not that good. There is some creativity and innovation in the food preparation and presentation, but I would have expected better tasting food for the price.I would like to give this place more stars b/c I thought the food was reallly good, great value, and the ambience is excellent. However, the service generally was very spotty and the food wasn't quite good enough to compensate... yet. 
Went here with a group of girls and there were very few people there on a weeknight. We sat outside in the garden area, which is really lovely and unique for Philly.  We ordered a bottle of the Verdejo which was a great summer wine and a decent value at $35. Several of us ordered the Coho Salmon and a few of us ordered a couple of appetizers for dinner. 
The main issue with the night was that (1) the food took more than 45 minutes to come out and there was no explanation, no bread.... we were just kind of left unattended the whole time. Not sure why this would be the case since there weren't that many people there, (2) the waitress really didn't seem to know her stuff.  She couldn't give helpful, succint descriptions of the food and didn't really seem to know what was in the dishes. She also didn't really seem to have a good sense of what to do and not do as a waitress....  There was an obvious problem with one of our orders, but they fixed it quickly and apologetically, and (3) they were out of bread.... I always find this annoying, but even more so when there are so few other ppl in the restaurant. 
The food itself was pretty good. My salmon was well-prepared and tasty (plus I love that they serve wild salmon). The vegetables on which it came were a little bland and uninteresting, but not bad at all. Everyone else seemed to be fine with their dishes. The tartar was especially good. All in all, the food was good and a great value. The chef is obviously talented, but if the restaurant does not work on its service and professionalism, it won't do as well as it could with such a great location and ambience.Went here for a night of small plates and wine with some friends- after eating only sides and desserts, I left feeling more satisfied than I have after a full meal at most other restaurants. FANTASTIC food. And the bread pudding is truly unreal. Our waiters were friendly, personable, funny and extremely helpful- the service was definitely one of the best parts of the evening! I'd highly recommend M Restaurant to anyone- and I'll DEFINITELY be back!Went for Sips Happy Hour.   My first time to this restaurant.   It surely did not live up to its reputation.   Our waiter was VERY informal. Had to ask for water 3 times before I received it.  Drinks came, no napkins of any kind provided.  Asked if we could order  hors doerves from the regular menu, told yes if we were willing to wait until after Sips was over at 7pm for them.  Received water in a big red plastic cup.   Later I noticed a dark hair on the inside of the cup and pointed it out to our waiter.   He responded emphatically "THAT DIDN'T COME FROM HERE!!!"  (My hair is very light and short).   So if they thought that a Sips visit would encourage us to coming to the restaurant at a later date...they were much mistaken.   Too badThe outside as pace is beautiful but the service and food are not great. We went on Mother's Day and the service was very slow despite few diners. We had to go inside twice to ask for things. The food is okay but for the price it should be better. Noting my kid to revisit. The only reason I gave it 3 stars is that the courtyard is so pretty.We went here for my birthday dinner this past weekend and the food was amazing. It was restaurant week but we opted for the regular menu as there were more choices. The ambiance was warm and cozy. They have a lot of original cocktails pairing flavors that you wouldn't even think to blend but it's delicious! I definitely would recommend this place and will be a repeat customer.If I could, I'd give this a ZERO!  My wife and I went over for the first time as I had walked by previously and it looked very cool. Outdoor terrace enclosed by an old hotel, etc.  The service, or rather, lack thereof was incredible, like we were invisible. Five minutes for water, 15 minutes to get a drink (excuse was one bartender on Friday night).  Ordered some appetizers from a short menu.  They came out 10-12 minutes later (right after people who came in after us were seated and were served their salads).  Oh, by the way, the young waitress who brought the apps realized we had no silverware and napkins.  She said she'd go and retrieve some right away.  She NEVER came back. We ate the apps with our hands after they got cold.  Finished with apps and a drink, but yet Max, the waiter, never came back until I nearly grabbed him and asked for our check.  Never did get silverware and napkins.  My wife fished out a tissue out of her purse.  There was a comment card in the check folio.  I filled it out and found the manager.  Does anyone thing I'll hear from him?!?!If it is a nice day, go here for lunch.  Amazing outdoor seating area and good food.My husband and I had once eaten at M Restaurant. Approximately SIX WEEKS IN ADVANCE of our second meal there, we made reservations to eat at the restaurant again to celebrate a special occasion.  At the time we made the reservation, I specifically requested outdoor seating in the courtyard to enjoy the jazz music.  THE DAY BEFORE we were scheduled to eat there, the restaurant called saying that they had booked the courtyard for a special party and only had indoor seating available.  Again, I made the reservations SIX WEEKS in advance and SPECIFICALLY REQUESTED OUTDOOR SEATING, as we were celebrating a special occasion.  The fact that we received the news that they could not accommodate our request ONE DAY before our reservation was totally unacceptable.Had dinner for four at the M last week to celebrate my future mother in law's birthday. The dinner was amazing from start to end. We sat at the bar before our meal and the bartenders were friendly and knowledgable about their wine and cocktail offerings. We started our meal with the rabbit and prune rillettes which were the perfect balance of sweet and savory. The pheasant leg and the turkey leg puff pastry entrees were our favorite. Our server was very attentive and helped to guide us through the menu. I would highly recommend dinner at the M for it's delicious food, lovely ambiance, and quality service.Two wonderful meals at this charming, historic restaurant, a great taste of old Philadelphia. The courtyard is a beautiful setting, whether for a rehearsal dinner for 50 (which they carried off flawlessly), or dinner for 6, or a night out with your favorite canine for happy hour.  
The appetizers (asparagus shooters, figs with cheese, shrimp, eggplant and others), arugula/strawberry salad, and dinners (halibut or short ribs) were great.  Servers were terrific.Stopped in here with my girl for a quick dinner outside and was blown away. The service was amazing everyone was so friendly and lively and i wasn't waiting forever for my food. I got the grilled chicken and it was phenomenal. I consider myself a pretty good judge of chicken dishes because well I eat quite a lot and I must say this chicken was so juicy and well cooked that paired with the Israeli couscous I couldn't get enough! Our server was Steve and he was a goofy dude but I ended up liking him a lot. Also as a side note the location is very convenient especially if one is considering max brenner for dessert, it's about a 15 minute walk :)Great service on top of a beautiful ambiance = great time! We opted for the 7-course tasting menu. They allowed my girlfriend to substitute sweetbreads for the stuffed pork, which we appreciated. I love sweetbreads but asked if I could try the porkbelly in place since I love pork belly even more than sweetbreads. I didn't get an answer back, but granted, I did say that I would take the sweetbreads if it wasn't possible. Guess it wasn't possible! Either way, all the courses were excellent and will definitely be back for more. Happy Hour cocktails packed a punch too!Excellent service for an exquisite dining experience. This place is not for the hungry but the dishes are absolutely crafted uniquely and delicious to the palate.Atmosphere was fantastic,  drinks were great,  cute little apps were awesome.  Arnold Palmer especially! 
The outdoor patio with the jazz duo was sublime under a beautiful summer evening sky with the Ivey covered walls. 
Unfortunately the service was the worst.  Improve that now So we can come back.I recently celebrated another year of my participation in the aging process with a lovely meal in the garden at M with my husband and parents.  I was glad that I had read reviews ahead of time, and was prepared to spend a relatively large amount of money for a relatively small amount of food.  I will  elaborate below, but the garden ambiance and quality of the meal largely justified the price.  Our waiter, and the many other staff who dropped by the table, were all very helpful and appropriately solicitous.
The menu is broken up into small courses with high attention to detail and touches of molecular gastronomy that enhance, rather than compete with, the food.  Among our group, the stand out items were the mozzarella balloon, and the corn agnolotti.  These were delicious, innovative, and have been added to the top 5th percentile of best things I have ever eaten.  Seared scallops and a chilled peekytoe crab dish fell into the "very good" category; a grilled porkchop came close, but was ultimately just a touch dry.  The only "fail" of the twelve plates to come to the table was a very tough veal shank that was most unfortunately served to my mother.  When we reported the issue, the offensive item was removed from the bill with a shower of apologies and offers to replace it.
In the end four of us had a round of cocktails, two bottles of wine and three courses each, and spent about $450 including tip, which was certainly not outlandish.  I am glad that I did a proper meal at M, but I do not know that I am in a hurry to go back for another one.  Even with my smallish appetite,many of the dishes really were a very little amount of food.  I do, however, plan on taking advantage of their beautiful outdoor garden for cocktails, happy hours and fancy light bites.Went to M Restaurant last night and it was delicious. I had the duck prosciutto app and the Duck breast entree. My girlfriend had the lobster, squid, and octopus on plump grains.
The duck breast was the best I've had. It was more like a filet mignon without the hint of greasiness I've often experienced with duck. Turns out it's a duck-goose hybrid that's been cooked at sub-100 degrees for 72 hours. The waiter claimed that's why it looked rare while actually being more well-done. Not sure how that works exactly, but I generally get my red meat very rare and I loved it.
The duck breast also came with a large rectangle of duck sausage that was tasty but seemed a bit like filler next to the extremely delicious breast.
The seafood was very tender, no rubberiness at all, and tasted quite fresh and well-balanced.
The complimentary pre-appetizer and palate cleanser between the app and entree were also a very nice touch.Me and my gf went here about 6 months ago.  I just created my yelp account and thought I'll drop a few lines.  Restaurant was nice and the outdoor garden was romantic. Food was good and the service was good and very friendly.  Plates were all good except appetizer (cheese tasting?) were a just a little bit too high.  It was good though.  I would recommend for a romantic night out.From the smartest bartender, to the wonderful, creative food and presentation, M proved to me it is worthy of 5 stars.
Starting with the cheese plate, 6 choices from soft to hard, the selection was perfect.  Presented by the cheese sommelier with an introduction of each, added to the anticipation of which proved to be an extreme highlight.
The "cavatelli and fiori pasta" had both rich and fresh flavors, which made your palate yearn for the next dish.  And so it came, the short rib.  Tender, no fat, melt in your mouth, warm, delectable, comforting and probably the best short rib this side of Gramercy Tavern in NYC.  
The wine list was not overwhelming and not extensive...so be it.  The selection was adequate.
A varied crowd, from old to young, but certainly respectable and relaxed "up scale".  Perfect for a Saturday evening.
Oh my, I am going back for more.  I loved this place.My friend chose this place for her birthday, so I went to dinner with zero expectations... and it was rather disappointing. 
We chose to do the $40 four-course tasting menu, as well as order some mussels and a cheese plate. I'm not a fan of cheese so I won't comment on that, but the mussels were excellent and came in a broth that had bacon pieces mixed in. For the four-course menu, the first course was a celery bisque that was creamy and didn't taste too strongly of celery (good for me; I'm not much of a celery fan). The second was a tomato and mozzarella salad - good, but nothing special. The third course was where the food went wrong... the scallop tagliatelle was unbearably salty and the pasta tasted like it hadn't been cooked long enough. The fourth course was steak, which tasted fine but was not warm at all. Granted, we came close to closing time so the kitchen closed soon after we arrived, but the quality of the food was subpar for the price.
Service was also disappointing. The waiters didn't seem to be very experienced. The restaurant was already pretty empty (it was a Sunday night) but the they still almost forgot to bring out our cheese and mussels, and only filled our water once (and only when we asked).
Of the things I liked about M, the ambiance probably tops the list. We were seated outside in the courtyard, which was decorated with lots of candles and lights. Definitely great for an intimate dinner, but I wouldn't come here for the food or service.What a disappointment.  Very nice setting but the service was unacceptable, poor at best.  Food good but entrée portions the size of an appetizer.   
Unacceptable service, small portions at an expensive price make for a third rate, never to return experience.  So, so sad.I've been dying to try this new restaurant since it recently opened...I kept catching glimpses into the courtyard from the gate on 8th Street and I must say I was very intrigued.  Yesterday I finally got reservations for 4, and my friends and I headed over for some dinner and drinks in the garden.  
It was a bit difficult to get reservations because no one answers the phone until 4PM or later.  Any calls before then go directly to voice mail, and even though I left a message, I didn't get a call back.  The restaurant is affiliated with the Morris Hotel but I found out they will not accept reservations and didn't seem particularly helpful either when it came to questions regarding the restaurant either.  Apparently you can just stop by but do so at your own risk.  There isn't a bar and the most of the limited number of tables were filled while we were there.
The one thing I must say about this place is it's got ambiance to spare!  It's such a pretty little spot, complete with a little gazebo and twinkling lights on the tables, as well as tiki torches illuminating in the corners and sides of the courtyard.  The tables are spaced far enough from each other that you can have a private conversation and the mood is laid back and relaxed.  
When we were seated, our waiter brought us water glasses and my friend immediately noticed her glass had a large lipstick stain on the rim. Two of us ordered a bottle of sparkling water when it was offered only to discover later that they didn't have bottles and we were charged $2 each for a very small glass.  Our service was horrible...it seemed like it might have been our waiter's first day on the job because he seemed completely flustered.  We ordered our starter and then he didn't return to take our entree order for about 45 mins. during which our rather large menu's were left in front of us. When we did finally order and our food arrived, it was just ok.  Definitely nothing spectacular.  
In summation, if it hadn't been a lovely night in a beautiful garden, I would have been much more upset by the lack of service we received.  As it was, I would only recommend this place to someone just wanting to relax and have a drink before heading some where else for dinner.My friend and I went to M Restaurant for happy hour this past week out of interest in an outdoor courtyard venue. While the place looked nice enough and the drinks and food were decent, the service was horrendous. This was probably the most incompetent group of waitstaff and bartenders I've ever come across in Philadelphia. Our order was misplaced, my card was overcharged, the bill was not itemized, and when I brought this up to be corrected, the second bill was not tabulated correctly either. I never received a beverage I ordered until I went up a third time to ask for it. Though it is true that the place was extremely busy, I would not say that this is exceedingly abnormal for a SIPS event in Philly, and if you can't keep up with the customer demand, perhaps you should decline to participate as a venue. We won't be going back here again - for happy hour or otherwise.Coming into M Restaurant is like taking a step back in time. It's a beautiful hidden gem in the hectic streets of Philadelphia, being part of Morris House Hotel. 
With a beautifully lit garden that they keep open for as long as the weather allows, one can imagine themselves taking a vacation after a long day of work. 
The restaurant focuses on European touches when it comes to food, making sure those who are Vegan or has a gluten intolerance also can partake in organic fine dining. 
The servers and staff itself goes beyond expectations making sure clients who dine here leave happy and satisfied. 
Events like weddings and holiday parties are held here also so make sure to request the fabulous event planners to hold your next event!What a perfect setting in the City. If you dine here you will forget you are in the city. The food is A+ as well as service. Food artfully designed and presented.  We had a large party of 18 and were easily accomdated. I will be back to try the al fresco.Oh, M! I really wanted to love you, but my recent dinner experience didn't live up to the expectations. It was a celebratory occasion, so we chose to dine outside in the beautiful courtyard, with live music and pretty lights in the background. However, the food was a bit lackluster, and I felt that something was missing from each dish. We ordered the tuna tartare, crab gallette, and the short rib. We also ordered a few of their signature cocktails throughout dinner, and I would definitely recommend the Hot Lips (jalapeno infused tequila, siracha, agave, blood orange). Delicious and spicy! I also tried the Electrified Fence, but it was more citrusy than I would have liked. Bummer. I was looking for the ginger and the apple-thai chili infused flavor to shine through.
There were no winners with the food. Tuna tartare was boring. It was missing FLAVOR. It's supposed to sing with zest! It's supposed to be refreshing with the mango and cucumber! But what we ate was more of a mush of ingredients that were rapidly put together without spices. The entrees came out, and again, something was missing. This time, it was the actual food. The size of my crab gallette was very small, and it didn't excite me either. A bit dry. Its accompanying pickled cucumber salad was pretty sad, and didn't feel it added to the dish. Any other vegetable or vegetable medley would have made this dish more homey and inviting. I tried my dining partner's short rib, and this was also a bit dry and the banana peppers didn't work. It seemed it was added to put color on the dish, rather than enhancing it. Sigh. Unfortunately, if any of these dishes went on Americal Idol, Simon Cowell probably would have had a field day remarking on the lack of a personality or finesse in plating. 
This place was more of a miss than a hit, and while our server was very friendly, my next visits will be for the bar only. I enjoyed some of the cocktails they have here, especially since some of the ingredients come from their garden. Meal was not a good value, and we left disappointed.
M, let me know when you go from Meh to MmMmmMM.Had a relaxing happy hour on a recent Saturday with craft cocktails and nice small plates in a secluded garden of a genuine colonial mansion right in the heart of the city. Highly recommended.This review is for the bar aspect of the restaurant...which evidently keeps to the same hours as the restaurant as we were hustled out around the Friday 10pm closing time.  Despite the early last-call and the slow service, I think the bar could be a good option if you want a relaxed drink earlier in the evening with a small party (maximum 4 people) as  I did like the drink selection and the cozy bar atmosphere.Exquisite supper. Saw some negative reviews and was not expecting the quality we received. Everything was excellent, and I found a new wine for my list. The staff was great, including the cheese person (fromageilier?). 
We had the Rabbit Terrine and Butternut squash tortellini for appetizers, and the duck and the filet for entrees. All were superb. The cheese was cheddar, but from Scotland where the cows are fed whiskey mash as part of their diet. 
A little on the pricey side, but well worth it!I was here in early October.  I know it's outside seating but so are many restaurants in Philly and I have never seen so many spiders, gnats, mosquitoes and flies at the rest of them put together as I saw at M in that one visit. And to top it off, a mouse was running around, even under our table! 
The service was hands down the worst service I've ever had anywhere. The other waitresses were nice and tried to be helpful as much as they could but our waitress was unknowledgeable, inattentive, oh heck, she was just plain absent most of the time we were there. And there were no more than 15 people in the entire restaurant! 
The 3 for $13 seems like a good deal but it just wasn't good at all. I got the frenched wings which were not cooked thoroughly and the tasteless cashews. And if you only want a glass of wine you have no pay full price, there is no happy hour price just for that!
We complained about the mouse and service on the way out and the two woman at the hostess stand couldn't seem less interested.  They were nice enough, just clearly not interested in the complaint nor doing anything about it.  I will not be back!Pleasantly surprised, will be back!!
Went here because of a living social deal. I had really low expectations from reading some of the reviews. I eat a lot so portions are a dispositive factor for me.  I prepared by eating a bowl of cereal before heading to the restaurant - again - I EAT A LOT!
Like so many other restaurants in Philadelphia, the restaurant is small and intimate. The entrance is right on on the street (I was expecting to walk inside a hotel first) and the first thing that comes into sight is a welcoming bar area followed by a tres romantic courtyard to the left hand side. I would definitely go back when its warmer to dine in the courtyard. 
We started with a mixed cheese plate.  I thought it was so cool how each cheese was paired with a difference sauce -the softest one with cranberries, medium with with plums puree, and gouda with miso sauce.  (I am a noob when it comes to cheese plates because I don't usually order it). The gouda with miso sauce was my favorite, I would have never thought to pair those two together!!! 
For entrees we ordered the monk fish, short ribs, and ox tail.  Yes, the portions are not like the size of fried rice at a chinese restaurant but it was A LOT bigger than I anticipated. Definitely NOT bite sized. Also, the a la carte menu notes that that the entrees are small plates and suggests to order 3 or more so its not like false advertising was involved. All the entrees were prepared with thought and effort and beautifully plated. Each entree was less than $20, which I thought was really reasonable compared to some of the other restaurants that I have been to.M is short, sweet, and tucked away neatly off of Walnut Street. Their food was suprising, in a good way, and allowed me to try some different items that were very enjoyable. Great first date place or restaurant to take in if you're heading to the theater for a show as well.
Atmosphere - On a rainy, windy night in the city, we were happy to reach M's location, (only about a block from parking at Wills Eye Institute). and came in to a small bar and lobby area. A colonial era size room greeted us where the spirits and conversation were both quite lively. Dining on an appetizer which included honey roasted nuts and brie w/pear butter on multigrain crisps was the perfect way to set the mood. Our dining area was ok, but if you're thinking about making a reservation, do so outside in the garden where the real experience is. Alas, we were unable to try it.
Waitstaff - Our waitress was very polite and knowledgeable about the menu, waitstaff support one another here, whether it was removing dish ware, silverware, or simply refilling a water glass, everything was top notch. One of the diners in my party had some food allergies, and she recommended some great options that could accommodate them with no issue.
Food - This is a small plate style restaurant, so prepare to dine in courses, however, the food itself is grand in size. Started out splitting asparagus and an arugula salad with one of my guests. Asparagus was think and flavorful, done in a light oil and bread crumb mix. Really can't stress how top notch this was! Arugula salad was good, but has kind of a spice to it from the dijon dressing. Our entrees were again split between the BBQ Pork and Skirt Steak. Pork was delightful and the BBQ Sauce provided was more of a smoky flavor, (which was very good by the way). Steak was ok, server didn't clairfy steak would come out medium rare and was very chewy and hard to cut. No matter, fresh made vanilla ice cream and a pineapple soaked champagne dessert went over fantastic.
Intangibles - This is a farm to table style restaurant, and most of the ingredients are grown on site in their herb garden or locally grown in the PA/NJ suburbs. Plan on having different options available throughout the year, but with a summer harvest coming later this year, I can only imagine how good some of the local products will be. Kind of a small sign to see for the restaurant but look for the Morris House Hotel, a colonial era B&B where you could spend a romantic night if you wanted to as well. This is not a place for children, so if you're going to a show with the kiddies, perhaps another option may be better.
Overall - M's quality and food were tremendous, there were just some small areas we wish were a bit better, but for the price and quality, it's tough to say this isn't one of the best options in the area. Take in the hotel itself to see some of the Colonial era and Civil War era relics and enjoy great food with that special someone or a small group.Second time I've tried to come to M. They were closed, after I made an Open Table reservation. When we arrived, dressed for dinner at 7, it took us 5 minutes to get the hostess' attention. When we finally did, she asked 'Can I help you?' I responded that we had a 7pm reservation and she informed us that the restaurant was closed and they "tried to call me." I got 4 confirmation emails from Open Table! I won't try a third time to dine here. It's unbelievable.This was a wonderful restaurant with delicious, inventive food that was beautifully presented. We went during restaurant week and had their fixed price menu. Everything was perfect - flavorful, fresh, with a really interesting take on ingredients, like a beet borscht salad that combined different textures and flavors. The new chef infuses the dishes with his own style and is clearly a perfectionist, right down to the smallest vegetables I've ever seen! The owner came by to visit the table, always a nice touch. She is delightful, as was the wait staff.  If you've not been to the restaurant recently, you must try it!Review of the Happy Hour: 3 for 13: That is the happy hour special, your choice of 1 drink and 2 select apps, and no you cannot get 2 drinks and 1 app. Honestly it is a convoluted way to make a happy hour menu. Here's the problem dear Yelpers, there isn't a set happy hour price for additional drinks (hello!), or apps without another package deal. Someone is asleep at the wheel here. 
The wait staff were endearing, but perhaps undertrained. We asked about their seasonal ravioli and he could not give us a description or recommend it with any confidence. In fact, he woefully admitted he wanted to taste it but hadn't the opportunity to do so?! For the record, I don't blame the server but rather the chef/management.
M definitely has potential. The space is charming: an inner city oasis complete with antique brick patio, climbing ivy, and a jingling fountain. The perfect spot for a garden wedding or intimate dinner al fresco under the stars and twinkling lights.
The advertised live Jazz music left a little something to be desired: an electric piano playing top 40. Perhaps it was just an off night or an errant booking; one can only hope. 
While a happy hour does not do justice to dinner, it at least signals the level of service and attention to detail. For the above reasons I give this 2 1/2 stars.Was looking forward to coming here for SIPS in their outdoor courtyard. The courtyard is gorgeous and looks like a little secret garden from 8th street.
My husband and I were sat, but a server never came over to take our order. We waited 15 minutes and ended up leaving as we waited too long.
Very disappointed....especially for a Wednesday night where there were only five tables.I was glad to learn that the restaurant at the Morris House was reincarnated yet again with a new chef who promises to use lots of local and sustainable products.  
I love the intimate bar area at the entrance of the restaurant and the restaurant itself is small and beautiful , with well-spaced tables and very comfortable chairs.  The menu is small but diverse, prices are on the higher end.  The smoked butternut soup was rich and earthy, the tartar of sahimi of hamachi fresh if a little too cold to relinquish all its flavor.  The braised and glazed short ribs were our best entree, intensely flavorful and very satisfying.  The chicken was of good quality and roasted nicely but the skin was flabby instead of crisp, always a drawback with chicken.  
The biggest issue we had was the temperature of the plates - none of the food was really hot and some items were less than tepid when arriving at the table.  Heating the plates would really improve the dishes a great deal.  Another improvement would be a simplified approach to accompanying side dishes, presently too many and not well-enough integrated into a unified taste experience.  What sounds adventurous and special in the description (on paper and by the waitress) tuns out to be more underwhelming on the plate - a bit like the Stone Henge set-up in Spinal Tap.
The cheese plate is excellent, with a fine selection of interesting cheeses, both from Europe and the US, served at ideal stages of ripeness and with fine chutneys and other embellishments.  The service is attentive and nice, qualities easily outweighing a lack of experience.
The restaurant presently deserves 3.5 stars but because of support of local farmers, I go with the four instead of three available category.I was excited about the outdoor "garden" to relax in over a couple drinks, and that was the nicest part about it.  The food was just okay, and there was even a piece of wax paper inside one of our fried mac and cheese bites.  They replaced it quickly, but not before we had somewhat lost our appetite.  Okay if you want to listen to Jazz outside in the warmer months, but not a whole lot of draw besides.M restaurant is a hidden gem in Center City. This is the loveliest outdoor space in the city, with a new chef from NYC (trained at Daniel and Per Se) who is coming into his own. The owner is always on site and goes out of her way to make sure your evening is special.  Try it - you will like it!Went here on a Friday night for a double date and sat outside in their courtyard garden.  Which is the only thing that makes this place special.  I had read the two other reviews posted for M Restaurant and I would have to agree with Dana S.  They definitely needed some white table clothes, although we didn't have a rickety table.
The cocktails were inventive and if you like your Bloody Mary's spicy, this one is worth a try.  The menu itself is nothing out of the ordinary.  The caprese salad, charcuterie and cheese plate and brushetta I could have made at home.  We got fried calamari also, again just average.  The entrees were a step above the apps, with the seafood risotto and fusilli chicken and shrimp as as stand outs.  
Apparently, it was getting close to closing time, and we basically got kicked out.  They took away our dishes without asking if we were finished and when we looked around, all the other tables were retired for the evening.  
This place certainly isn't worth writing home about, but could be a way to start off a romantic evening with cocktails in the garden.Probably one of the most creative restaurants in the city!
Was there for mother's day brunch and everything was perfect to the T. got seated right away in the beautiful secluded garden seating, that makes you feel miles away from the city. Service was superb, very attentive and professional. The manager Hannah was very attentive and made sure that all of our requests were taken care of right away. 
Moving on the the best part of the experience, the food. everything was phenomenal, looked great with immaculate attention to detail, and tasted ever better. Absolutely amazing no other words to describe it. Can't wait to go back for more.
PS
Wednesday nights are Jazz nights from 7-9  
Would highly recommend this place to anyone for brunch or dinner!Came here in early January. Chill, laid back, yet classy vibe. The bartender was very friendly. It is attached to a great hotel.Overall great experience.  Beautiful place, especially the enormous and lovely outdoor courtyard.  The restaurant indoors is also lovely, with a great bar.
Interesting and very well executed menu.  Best scallop entree I've ever had.
The only off note is that the wine list is very limited and unexciting.  But they charge $30 corkage.if you bring your own.We enjoyed dinner in celebration of our anniversary at M Restaurant. My wife wanted a white tablecloth experience, and they didn't disappoint one bit. We started, seated at an outside table which was in their tranquil  covered patio, however, it appears we were on the menu for the night because the mosquitoes were biting. They had one lonely citronella torch that wasn't getting the job done, so we ended up relocating to the inside about 5 minutes behind another party.  The decor was upscale but not in a stuffy way and the staff was friendly and attentive. We had tickets for a show at the Walnut Theater, around the corner for 7PM so our 5:30 reservation got us in and out just in time. We both opted for the pre-theater menu. For starters, she went with the kale salad and I had the heirloom tomato and mozzarella. Both were fantastic. My wife was looking forward to the peppercorn pasta however our server informed her that they were out of the pasta. The kitchen was able to re-create the dish with a different pasta and all was well. I opted for the short ribs. The meat was tender, however, it was a little on the bland side which was a downer. The chive puffs that came on the side were divine!  Both of our desserts were just ok. I had the coconut panna cotta. I'd never tried panna cotta before so I didn't quite know what to expect. I'm sure, in the world of panna cotta, it was outstanding, it just wasn't my thing. My wife had the lemon icebox cake. It was sweet and tart but again, neither of us were wowed. I'm sure it was more of a poor choice on our part than anything lacking from the kitchen.  I enjoyed two of their manhattan cocktails and they were the best (only) manhattan's I've ever had. Great balance of flavor and generous pours. I wouldn't hesitate to go back for another special occasion.I enjoyed my meal here quite a lot, but cannot give the place more than 3.5 stars.  The atmosphere is quite stuffy and overly formal - which may be a positive if you like that sort of thing - making it hard to enjoy the entire dining experience even though I shared it with a group of my closest friends.  The selection of cheeses was excellent, but nothing else stood out.  While I'm glad to have had the chance to dine here once, I don't see myself coming again in the future.Just had a wonderful meal at M.  Each course was fresh and beautifully seasoned. The salad was locally grown with a wonderful combination of melon, dill and radishes. The scallop and potato pancake were light and flavorful and the lamb saddle was tender and cooked perfectly. The outdoor garden was lovely and the service perfect - professional, attentive and friendly. Excellent experience and introduction to Philadelphia.We came here for Philly's winter restaurant week as it's a little pricey for just an anytime meal. It was a very cozy atmosphere and we were well attended from the moment we entered the building. There was a jazz duo playing which was lovely. The staff was accommodating to our needs and very attentive. The food, however, was just okay. The salad was a bit bare for a starter. The scallops were a bit overdone but edible. The main course was delicious although the sides could have used a hint of seasoning. And the dessert was refreshing but slightly bitter, not sweet. The portions were small and by the time I got home, my stomach was growling. Maybe that's just a restaurant week thing? I don't think I'll return for a meal, but I do look forward to Center City Sips in that outdoor garden.Very quaint, attractive setting. The service was top notch.  The apps and salads were great.  We went into the main course thinking this place was going to be a real winner.  Alas, we had two different fish dishes and both were just OK.  One fish dish was rather bland and the other was flavorful but I found the fish to be rather dry.Restaurant week is always a gamble, but M put so little effort into it that you wonder why they even bothered. I'm okay with lower-budget ingredients and I expect smaller portions during RW but there's no reason you need to cook it all so poorly. 
A girlfriend and had I snagged a last minute rez for a quick dinner at a spot we've both been meaning to try. 
The bread service was the freshest thing we had all night. Great homemade bread, but why am odd number of pieces and no bread plates? We both started with the spicy mussels (small bowl, and no place to put shells) and had the chicken (dry chicken over rice with 4 brussels sprouts) and the scallops (pasta needing salt topped with 4 bay-size scallops that tastes distinctly like soap, a sign of preservatives - specifically sodium tripolyphosphate). Our server just nodded when I mentioned it and finished my meal with 3 soapy scallops left on the plate, but she made no other comment. Dessert: again, small and generic. The dollop of chocolate mousse tasted like store pudding and my strawberry cheesecake had a drizzle of pink sauce on an overly sweet, uncheesy cheesecake that looked like it had been sliced with a wooden spoon. 
Lovely space and a nice gin menu. I'd been meaning to check it out for summer parties and client events in their pretty little garden but the food and effort was just so lacking that I don't plan to revisit. 
Now I'm home and scrounging for leftovers because I'm still hungry. ;)The food was pretty good, but nothing to write home about.  I thought their wagyu dish was great, but most were only decent.
The ambiance was terrific as well.  I think the decor, furniture, and lighting already give it a romantic vibe, but the Jazz on Wed & Fri really takes it over the top.
The service, however, could use a lot more improvement.  When we went, there seemed to be a bit of a disarray in the organization of the serving staff, which resulted in several different things being told to us.We were there this past Sunday, 7/6/14 at 6pm.  There were four of us.  The hostess gave us a menu that the server replaced with a slightly abbreviated version.  It was the end of the week and it seemed they were out of several items.  The charred corn soup was puréed and tasted unlike corn and was green.  The second course vegetable pasta-less was quite small, but not advertised as such online or on menu.  The mozzarella was pleasant, but too precious. The fried walleye was done well but was small for a third course price.  The no frills banana split was simply a disgrace.  Less than a banana and a few other small notions, a bit of walnut, a scent of chocolate, was there caramel?  Not the way to end the meal that suffered from slow service (the kitchen?). So slow that I looked at my watch right before the third course was served...already 8:30.  Unremarkable coffee was the final act before the check.  We'd been to M twice previously and were pleased enough to return.  But, this surprise small plate experience at larger than past regular prices does not recommend a return.