Awesome mac and awesome crew!  The mac is well prepared and completely killer.  The two owners are also two of coolest people you'll ever meet.  Get on facebook or twitter and check wherever they are that day!  It's so worth taking a ride for.The mac n cheese was ok. I stopped at a street festival and decided to see what the hype was about. I was disappointed. I purchased the spinach and artichoke. I assumed it would be mixed in with the noodles. WRONG! it was a cold mound of dip placed on top of their room temperature signature mac. The presentation is awesome but the mac lacked flavor. It just tasted cheesy. The staff was nice.  I wouldn't purchase again, but every one has different taste.Spotted the Mac Mart truck in Chinatown last night at the night market and I knew that I had to have it. I heard about the cart in FYI Philly (which no one watches) and thought it would be delicious. 
I went for the BBQ bowl. I mean come in, Mac and cheese, topped with BBQ chicken, oh, and crumbled cornbread? YES PLEASE! 
Also got the basic one, which was still tasty with some panko breadcrumbs!! 
I want to try and find this truck again and will spend some time trying to hunt it down!Ehhh... not bad but, but not great. I think the overall experience is cool because the food is served in containers but the steak was cheap quality and was a little rubbery. 
The mac and cheese isn't bad... I also think that they need to expand their beverage selection.I recently had the chance to sample the Mart's Mac and would give my lunch and experience a 3.5 if I could. 
The mac and cheese itself was solid, however possibly slightly bland if anything. According to the description there were seven types of cheese, none of which really stood out. I understand the idea behind a blend, but there was nothing mind blowing about the blend of cheeses. The parmesean buttered panko potato chip bread crumbs were the star of the show. I'd probably add potato chips into everything dish if it was socially acceptable. The combo brought out my inner child, then made it grow up quickly with the more adult parmeasean flavor. I wish the bread crumbs were added throughout the mac and cheese, and not just on the top. 
As this was my first time at the Mac Mart Truck, I wanted to sample their staple but I'd be really curious to try their even more creative options.I was so hyped to try their Mac & Cheese. I mean the giant pink truck immediately captivates you! I ordered a Mac that is no longer on the menu. It had chicken, parm, pesto and potato chips. I loved the toppings but I wish they were mixed in and not just on top. Mostly because the actual Mac was not good. It was very blan and tasted like american cheese. I'm sorry but Mac & cheese should be made with cheddar , something with flavor ! I also thought it was a little pricey for the size I got!These girls have mac on lock. it was fast, clean and i was stuck in traffic eating allll my food. (and you know i was hot when i saw on facebook the next day they had a sale) but that is what i love about them... they give and give! 
if you can try the mac with the cheese steak on top.....seriously a top notich!!!!I found a new love for Mac and Cheese I built my own with the crab spread, tomatoes and panko topping i was sceptical about the size but it filled me up and comes in a cool bowlThe mac and cheese is good, though for my personal taste I would prefer it to be cheesier -- i.e., with actual gooey cheese.  I tried doing the fresh mozz option to achieve this gooier effect, but the mozz just sat there in cubes and didn't melt (a sign that maybe, as others have noted, the mac is not really hot), so that didn't happen. YMMV.  
The biggest issue here (as others have also noted) is they're having trouble transitioning from a food truck to a stand-alone restaurant.  We went on Saturday afternoon of Memorial Day weekend and it was randomly closed.  They're not open on Sundays at all, which seems like a miscalculation about foot traffic on a non-business lunch day right off the park and across from Di Bruno's.  When we finally did go, we were two people, with two orders, and two separate loyalty cards, and the cashier said we couldn't both get a punch on our loyalty cards because I paid for both orders!  Wtf.  She literally said if I had paid for the two orders separately we could both get punches on our loyalty cards.  Not a big deal but emblematic of how they need to shift from customer service that is more food truck-like.I think it's overpriced for mac and cheese that isn't as good. There isn't anything special about it. The food look tastier in an online video than in person. But yes. Customer service looked annoyed when serving food. This is good for a one time experience.WOW. I don't think I have ever tried Mac & Cheese as delicious as this, and I have tried A LOT in the past. 
For $8 you get a styrofoam cup (the same size as if you had ordered to-go wonton noodle soup from an asian restaurant) full of your mac'n cheese of choice. My friends and I tried the spinach artichoke, where a generous layer of spinach artichoke dip topped with bread crumbs laid on top of the Mac'n cheese. The Mac'n cheese was perfectly prepared, it wasn't  too cheesy nor too clumpy. Have you ever tried Mac'n cheese where there is so much cheese and it's so watery that you feel like you're eating a cheesy noodle soup? Well, this is completely the opposite! It was the perfect consistency with the right amount of chewiness and softness. They used 7 different cheeses, all perfectly well blended together. I also loved the bread crumbs, it was the perfect way to top it all off. 
At first, you may think $8 is expensive, but don't worry the mac'n cheese is truly worth it. Plus, you get generous portions! The Mac Mart is not always serving on their food truck, so follow them on Twitter to be updated on their whereabouts! This food truck is definitely a must try!!I was really unimpressed with this food truck especially because I was so excited to try it. I paid $8 for the sundried tomatoes option, but honestly if you're looking for decent Mac and cheese you should be at Wishbone. It's similarly priced but is totally worth it.So I would hope the cart is worth 5 stars.  I was in line for another cart at LOVE Park and was going to go to the Mac for part 2 of lunch.  But, they're SOLD OUT!  I guess it's that good.  Oh well.  Maybe next time.This food truck's cute design got my attention first, and i tried the hot dog mac and cheese but it was too mediocre for it's price.Their Mac and cheese is all the same. Honestly tastes like the cheese isn't real which sucks. Also it's really overpriced for what you get. I find their toppings are really oily and overall just tasteless. Not a fan, not worth it.I will keep this short because I always feel bad giving negative reviews, but I feel like it is only fair to give my honest opinion. I had no qualms with the service whatsoever. It was actually great. It was fast and the blonde lass who works on board is mega pretty (so pretty I am almost tempted to add a star). The mac n' cheese, though, is totally subpar. The macaroni was over cooked, bordering on mushy. The cheese is very run-of-the-mill. Finally, I think their price point is off. $7 for the regular size is a bit much.I've tried Mac Mart twice and they haven't disappointed me yet! The Mac n cheese is creamy, thick, rich and delicious. 
The first time I got the BBQ bowl with chicken, cornbread crumble and BBQ sauce. It was superb. The BBQ sauce was just smokey enough and had the exact right amount squirted on to be flavorful but not overwhelming. The cornbread was somehow dry and moist at the same time. It had that distinctive somewhat sweet, grainy texture that I love about cornbread. Yum yum! 
Today, I ordered the Basil chicken pesto Mac. It was delicious. The (potato chips?)crumbled on it gave it random notes of saltiness. I wish it had a bit more chicken but I would probably say that no matter how much chicken was on it... I'm a meat lover. I also would like a bit more garlic in the pesto but that's a personal preference. 
For a full five stars, if they layered the toppings half way down and then put more Mac and then more toppings, that would be perfect. I'm lazy and don't feel like mixing up my Mac to get an equal amount of flavor in each bite! 
Each time, I ordered the medium (available in medium or large) and it was massive. No one should eat that much Mac n cheese in one sitting but I couldn't resist.So was my 5 day wait worth it?  YES!!
After my review last week of Mac Mart Truck being sold out of everything and saying that it must be that good, I have to say I was truly surprised when Marti sent me a message offering a free Mac for my disappointment for not being able to try them out.
I readily took the offer and headed back to LOVE Park this afternoon, and it's good that I did when I did; while in line they Sold Out of two of the five outstanding flavors of Mac and Cheese today!  You should have heard the moans of disappointment of those in line when the signs for the Cowboy Cup and one other (which I cannot remember) came down @ about 12:15PM.  A couple of people even left the line!  But, they should have stayed for one of the others left on the board!
I took the Mac's Mart which has the 7 cheeses and topping of potato chips.  My coworker just happened to get the very last of the Cowboy Cup variety (it's a good thing the line did not realize that she got it because a riot might have started)!  However, because there was not as much bacon in it as Mac Mart would have given, they graciously gave 1/2 the money back to her and apologized.  Again, SUPERIOR SERVICE!  The person behind us in line jokingly (?) said she'd fight us for it.  
We hightailed it out of there, danced through the line dancers (some skipping school?), and headed back to work to try the Mac and it was delicious.  I even had some of the Cowboy Cup which was better than the regular.  This variety had Original Mac, crispy bacon, cornbread crumble, and jalapeno ranch drizzle.  We both did not taste too much jalapeno which we wanted more of.  The cornbread was not dry and tasteless.  It mixed really well with the Mac and Cheese.  The potato chip "crumble" for the Original Mac put this Mac over the top.  Very original!
Both varieties were extremely good and if I ever see the truck again, I'm stopping for some Mac.
$10 for Large, $8 Medium
Thanks, Marti, for giving a delightful Mac and Cheese experience.  It was worth the wait!Had the original mac and cheese at the Mt. Airy food festival on 9/19, the line was long but I had to try it out and I am glad I did. This is the part where I miss working downtown, I would be at this truck at least twice a week. It was very tasty and well worth the wait.One of my co-workers has been talking about this truck coming into center city for weeks. We went when it was in Love Park last week, and it was pretty average. I was disappointed because we went at 12:15 and they only had the original flavor and one with hotdogs in it. I had the original mac, and it was delicious, but I haven't had many mac n cheeses I didn't like. The potato chip topping was yummy and did set it apart, but I thought $8 for a medium sized container was a little pricey. I'd give it another try- I really would like to taste one of their specialty flavors, just not one with hotdog.If you feel like you are just a little *too* energetic at work today and desperately need something to slow you down, this is your spot.
Call me crazy, but I expected a truck that specializes in mac and cheese to have some pretty amazing mac and cheese. This was frankly pretty average - more like 'meh' and cheese (though the panko bread crumbs on top were a nice touch). There are plenty of nearby restaurants with vastly better options at pretty much the same price (that also come with chair, table, unlimited water, and air conditioning!).
The upsides were that the staff was super friendly, the food comes out surprisingly fast, and the truck is pretty in pink! Unfortunately I think after college, mac and cheese alone shouldn't qualify as a real meal anymore.Four stars for the adorable pink truck and friendly service. Sadly, only TWO STARS for the mac and cheese. The toppings were good. However,  the actual mac and cheese tasted like Velveeta.  Not good.The best mac and cheese on the planet. For a delicious variety of creative mac and cheese fusions, this is the place!Tried the original at Dine Out for life; amazing! The buttery potato chip crumble topping has a great texture (and taste, duh).  Had my eye on the Crabby mac, but it sold out while I was in line, so it must be great. Looking forward to trying it sometime!Stopped at this truck during the Manayunk street festival yesterday because I was craving some cheesy carbs. I noticed that there was a consistently long line, which I assumed was because the mac and cheese was the bomb.. Let me tell you- It was totally worth the wait!
Unfortunately because I came later on in the day, they had already sold out of their special concoctions, so I went with the classic Mart Mac. The best part about it was the panko-potato chip crumbs on top- so delicious.
I wish that the pasta was a little more al dente/had a little more of a texture to it- but overall I was very satisfied. I can't wait to try the other flavor combinations!Very good mac and cheese! I loved the creaminess of the sauce and the breading topping.
I only took off a star because it was a bit expensive for a bowl of Mac and Cheese and the line was kind of long. 
That being said, I plan on eating there again!Waited in line forever. Got the traditional and the pesto jalapeño. Both were good but I prefer the traditional.  The crust was yummy!I went to macmart today at the navy yard and bought the BBQ bowl Mac with chicken and it wasn't as good as the BBQ bacon Mac I had the last time.  The chicken wasn't as expected.  I had to pick the chicken out.  The other bowl of Mac I got was the Mac with just bacon and it's good as usual.  The customer service I have to say isn't as expected.  It's the second time that we went with a large order and they do seem annoyed when we do big orders.  Instead of thanking us for our business, they wanted to tell us that we should email them our orders in advance instead so that their customers aren't waiting.  Well isn't it the same if you had 16 people individually ordering or do you just want to look good and have a long line for your truck?  They also didn't have any bags to provide for us for our large order.  Luckily we had our own bag. But it still wasn't large enough to fit 16 bowls of Mac.  We ordered a lot because we come from work and we are only given a certain amount of time to eat. The Mac and cheese is pretty good and worth a try but it wasn't consistent.  The only consistency was the horrible customer service and for that reason I would not return.I wanted to update my original review because now this food truck is a storefront! And I have to say, it may have just created a miracle. I mean, how does a perfect product become even more perfect?! The store has been a wonderful upgrade to this business because now we have a mac mecca we can access daily, with countless options to build your perfect bowl. Where do they go from here? Only time will tell but for now, heaven has settled on a little shop on 18th Street. Go. Now.The Mac Mart Truck fun creations are the way to go. For my second trip I went with one of their creative options and will never look back. 
To be honest, I'm still not totally enamored by the base mac n cheese, however this time it was definitely much creamier and flavorful. I went with the Bold Buffalo and that made all the difference in my experience. There were decently sized chunks of chicken smothered in buffalo sauce and ranch dressing. It also had the parmesan panko crust which added a delightful crunch and tied the entire dish together.
This trip was part of a catered event with a limited selection, but in eyeing up their online menu, I'm sold on this truck. I can't wait to give some of the other innovative offerings a try. Let me just burn off all the calories from this meal first.My Fav!!! A must every time I see them! Awesome people, great service, awesome food!You have probably heard all the good reviews on the quality of the product, but the major standout to me was the impressive portion size, wait time, temperature & freshness.  Basically took the time to apply the topping and that's it.  Very hot, but came out too quick to be reheated. Good operation in place.  Jalapeno pesto was fresh and spicy.If you're a mac&cheese fan, you'll love this truck.  I tried Mac Mart this past thursday at the night market in Chinatown. In previous years, Mac Mart always has an absurdly long line, so we made a beeline to their truck as soon as 7pm hit. 
My friends and I split the BBQ with bacon mac & the spinach and artichoke mac.
The BBQ was very yummy, with pieces of bacon and a lot of BBQ sauce. If you don't like BBQ sauce, do not get this one, because they were pretty generous on the sauce.
The spinach and artichoke was really yummy: the artichoke had a slightly bitter taste but contrasted well with the cheese on top. Their servings were generous so it filled us up pretty quickly so definitely get this to share or food coma will ensue.Mac Mart is my all time favorite food truck!! I get so excited when I find out that they are out on days that I can actually get to them. The original mac is delicious!!! I also love the spinach artichoke mac. Yum yum yum!! Go get your mac on!This is one of my favorite food trucks in the city and they have the best macaroni and cheese by far!!! It's always served fresh and has never been disappointing during any of my visits. The pasta is always cooked perfectly and the servings themselves have just the right amount of sauce made from a blend of different cheeses! I can always count on Mac Mart to satisfy my craving for mac and cheese :) the best part about Mac Mart is all the wonderful flavors they have on top of their regular mac and cheese! One of my favorites is their spinach and artichoke dip and jalapeño pesto creations. I definitely recommend trying them!
The portions are large and are easy to share! They also have great styrofoam cups if you want to store it for later. Also the staff is very friendly and helpful. I definitely recommend visiting Mac Mart if you're ever in the mood for some delicious cheesy macaroni and cheese. Make sure to check their social media pages to see what location they are at.Yum!! Saw this truck at the midtown village fall fest. There was a long line but it smelled so good we decided to brave the line. It moved pretty quickly. Ended up getting the BBQ Mac. Delish! Right amount of cheese and toppings. A heaping amount of Mac that was definitely share able. The sign on their truck said they we opening a restaurant soon. I hope it is close by!!Hi just wanted to stop by and review this hyped up food truck that we have frequented but now will never return again.  First off, customer service today was atrocious! After ordering $132 dollars worth of Mac and cheese a thank you for our business was not even given. It was as if we were bothering the owner for her services.  The owner who prepared  our order complained and did not supply bags  for us to carry our large order in. Never the less we still ordered.  After we started to dig into our Mac and cheese we were completely appalled by the barbecue chicken. It was not white meat as advertised, but a dark grey tinged sub-par chicken.  I continued to go ahead and try the other varieties we had purchased. The crabby Mac ( which was $2.00 extra ) was not jumbo lump as advertised but a creamy mess that was GAGGY to say the least.  I was so impressed the last few times but that has ended after today. I feel that the food service industry is about providing good food and friendly service to patrons. This was not the case today. I over paid for horrible Mac and cheese and had to deal with a snot nosed stuck up owner that clearly doesn't want our business again!Maybe i was having a bad day when I wrote my last review... things happen.
Mac Mart will hit the spot when you are craving good mac n cheese... and not mac n cheese that you get from Wawa... still a bit pricey but these food trucks are small businesses that need to make a living. Friendly staff that will answer any dumb question you throw at them... enjoy!Went here while they were at the Manayunk Street Food Festival. Ordered a bacon and caramelized macaroni and cheese offering. The bacon was crispy and the onions not too bad, but the macraroni and cheese was just...okay. Nothing really stood out about it and I don't think I'll seek this truck out.Love the idea of seafood Mac and cheese. Got the Build-You-Bowl... I think. Got the crab dip, fresh tomato, basil, jalapeño oil and fried onion topping. Very nice! I was a little apprehensive having potato crisp crunch (just personal taste) but the choice of fried onion was great! The serving is large for a tiny Asian woman like me but for the cost, it's value for money. It's delicious from start to finish. It's a nice take-away style and the staff are very efficient.Mac Mart's Food Truck would occasionally show up to Drexel University's campus and it was always the best part of students' days. The line would be extremely long and the truck would run out of mac super fast. I'm so glad that they were able to get an actual store front so that more people can enjoy their delicious mac and cheese! At the store you can build your own mac with tons of cheese, protein, and toppings or you can choose from one of their signature macs. My favorite signature mac is the Rittenhouse with creamy spinach, artichoke and lots of cheese!I saw a big pink truck, and I thought to myself, "I bet they have great mac n cheese." -said no one ever!
But Mac Mart Truck is literally the only place that can pull it off. I got the G Dog (hot dog topped with mac n cheese), and Buffalo Bowl (bowl of mac n cheese topped with buffalo chicken bites and ranch dressing); both were great, but the buffalo bowl was my favorite.
The mac n cheese is awesome! Not too watery, not too heavy, with perfect consistency, and topped with some crunchy bits (I forgot what it was) for the perfect crunchy texture. 
It's really everything you want in mac n cheese. And more!Great mac n cheese ideas!  My coworker and I went during lunch and instead of getting felafel nearby, we could not resist this truck.  We both loved the truck design - super cute!  The owner even took a picture with us in front of the truck.  But most of all, we liked the actual mac n cheese.  I opted for the margarita mac for a lighter mac n cheese with tomatoes, mozzarella and basil. I can't believe I haven't thought of doing this myself!  The combination was divine.  My coworker did the BBQ mac, which she also really liked.  We both got the large - and could have gone with the regular, but it was worth it!  Definitely going back for more when I need some quality comfort food!I probably shouldn't review this place because all I had was the Cookies n Cream truffle. But on the other hand, that alone deserves a review. Basically, it was a party in my mouth. My friend had one too and agreed about the party-in-the-mouth feeling. I'm interested in trying the mac, too, but I'd go just for the dessert if the truck happened to be in my path (which, unfortunately, it almost never is.)I had the privilege of trying Mac Mart at the Phoenixville Food Festival's Food Truck event this past Saturday.  I had the "Heart Attack Mac" which is a standard Mac n' Cheese with caramelized onions, crunched bacon crumbles, and a parmesean panko topping (in which I swear I saw little bits of potato chip--maybe it was an accident but it was a delicious accident). So the mac was ooey-gooey and rich and super filling. It was served in a carcboard french fry boat and I'd say weighed well over a pound for about $8. Neither my wallet nor my arteries could afford for me to eat this often but it was so delicious and definitely a comfort food. Can't wait to try their Jalepeno Mac next time.3.5 stars - The Mac n cheese assortments are very good and tasty.  
It's great but it's priced too high for the portion. $6.50 for a small??? $8.50 for a medium??  The price/portion size are the sole reason for 3.5... (let's give it a 3.9 instead)
You don't have to go to the other truck that sells Mac n Cheese as you'll be saddened by their cheese sauce.Soo good. Look forward to it at every strEAT fair. Many options to choose from and always super nice. 
Going to be a great addition to Wells Fargo Center, during all Sixers and Flyers game!The Mac Mart has a lot of buzz, and deservedly so. This giant pink truck hits a spot that the other food trucks can't reach for savory, comforting, cheesy lunchtime goodness. The mac and cheese is a wee bit overpriced, but is still in the ballpark compared to other "gourmet" food trucks.
The special bowls are definitely mac heavy/topping light, but I was still pleased with my meal. The Mac Mart won't become a staple for me, but I would stop there again if the craving hit.
Also, the service is incredibly friendly. They really want you to be happy with your lunch! Which is a great pick-me-up in the middle of a long work day.Oh Mac Mart, how I love thee. Easy to pick out of a crowd, Mac Mart is the blatantly pink food truck that you can't miss! I've gotten their mac n chz deliciousness before and of course had to stop by at the StrEAT Food Fest. There is always a line, no matter what. We got there right when the fest started and still had to wait about 15min. Well worth it. I've gotten a few varieties before, I remember a jalapeno one that was really good. This time around, I did the buffalo chicken. I've had some other buffalo chicken mac n cheeses before, but this one really took the cake. Big thick pieces of chicken and those tortilla crumble thingies on top added it some extra crunch oomph! If you're a mac n chz fan, def worth throwing some moola at Mac Mart!I went to the Lower Bucks County Food Truck Festival at the YMCA in Doylestown, this was one of the trucks among the ten or so. 
Mac and cheese is the ultimate comfort food. When made well is creamy, cheesey goodness, jacked up its AMAZING when done right. Mac Mart Truck gets it right!! Let me say that I do not like pesto in general but I chose the (don't remember the exact name) Mac & cheese topped with jalapeño pesto and pecorino cheese.
Talk about LOVING it!!! I think from now on whenever I eat pesto it needs to come from this truck or they need to teach me how to make it their way. It had a touch of spice, it wasn't so overpowering that you was too spicy to eat. Can't say that I loved it enough. Check out this truck if you see it downtown, you won't be disappointed.This is a 4.5 star review.
Delicious Mac & Cheese.  The staff was super nice. 
1st visit to Mac Mart at Love Park.
I couldn't decide between which m&c to get so I got both the BBQ & the Jalapeno.
The BBQ was very good.  The sauce was a touch sweet which is what I liked.  Other than the m&c needed to be a bit creamier and more BBQ sauce & bacon crumble, it was very good!
The jalapeno m&c had a good creaminess and the right balance of jalapeno - nice heat from start to finish but not overwhelming heat.  Delicious.
Look forward to going back for more.  Good stuff, nice staff!Where do I start? First, mac 'n cheese is my absolute favorite food. EVER. When I first heard about this truck, I not only shrieked with glee, but did my happy dance which only comes out on very special occasions. My first experience, and every one since, has never been met with disappointment. They offer a variety of creative dishes and the flavor is always on point. Worth waiting for in the obscenely long lines, which is further testament to the quality of Mac Mart's product and loyal following. But it doesn't stop there. Marti, the owner, as well as her partners in mac, are friendly and truly appreciate their customers. They recently celebrated their 2-year anniversary, and having been there since almost the beginning, it's been wonderful to see them grow their business and develop new and fun recipes. I look forward to seeing what the future has in store!I wish they were at LOVE PARK everyday! This mac & cheese is by far the best in Philadelphia.  I would put it up against anyone that thinks they have a good mac & cheese.  Every time I've eaten it the folks in the truck were super friendly and spunky.  I really enjoyed the spinach dip and the regular is just a great go to.  My husband loves the south philly one with the sausage and peppers... YUM YUM YUM!This truck is fantastic! I had the B.R.A.T Mac, which was mac n cheese with bacon, ranch and tomato. It was the best mac n cheese I've ever had. The mac n cheese itself was delicious, but it also had just the right amount of toppings on it as well. I HIGHLY recommend the B.R.A.T mac. However, when I go back, which will be soon, it will be highly tempting to try one of the other items that sound just as delicious on that menu. People may think it's over priced, but you're paying for quality, which is what you're definitely getting!I love this idea and the variety of toppings. At the end of the day, it is still Mac and Cheese. No matter how good it gets, Mac and Cheese can only get so good, which is why I give it 4/5.
I tried the spinach, the bacon, and the crab. The crab was definitely my favorite.I'll take an order of mac n cheese "animal style".  If you ever been to in and out burger the Mac Attack is very reminiscent of it.  It's mac n cheese topped with bacon, pram, bread crumbs and fried onions.  Delicious concoction!  Bacon was crispy, not fatty, onion gave it a sweet taste, the mac was over the top creamy.  The whole dish just jelled together.They brought the food truck into the store?  Or maybe the store was first and then there was the food truck.  Regardless, after a Yelp event, we wanted to grab some food and found this store close by.  We were excited and the four of us all purchased separate items.  I ordered the heart attack, with bacon, caramelized onions, and potato chip crust.  My wife ordered the crab meat mac and cheese.  Both were a great way to fill us up and we still took some home for later.  
The food was prepared fast and given to us in plastic containers that are reusable.  Great location and I like the variety of mac styles.The most delicious Mac and cheese ever! I got the bold buffalo, but I could tell even without the buffalo, the basic Mac and cheese was really well made. I tried this place during a food truck event and it was honestly the longest line at the whole event. At one point it wrapped around the street. The portions were also huge and one serving was enough for me and my boyfriend!WOW! Just simply, wow! One of my close friends held a wedding this past Labor Day weekend and Mac Mart Truck was one of two culinary options, which I thought was awesome. I consider myself a Mac'N'Cheese enthusiast and this is as good as it gets. I had the Cowboy Cup which had bacon, corn bread, and jalapeños and it was the best damn mac and cheese I've ever had. Not only was the staff super friendly, the food was so so good!I'm always hesitant to wait in a long line for food but this truck was a must. My roommate and I went to the annual food truck festival and got two of the original mac and cheesed. They were yummy if a bit on the cold side. I think the cold was just do to the weather however so not their fault. The best part was definitely the crunchy topping. If I go again I want to try the buffalo mac and cheese because it looks amazing.Great lunch spot! I got the fat and happy mac and cheese bowl, and I've got to say I was feeling fat and happy by the time I was done. 
Definitely not the best eat in place. It seems like most of their business is through online ordering services. Although they do have some seating if you're looking for a quick lunch.WOW!
This mac and cheese will rock your taste buds and you will never look at mac-n-cheese the same ever again! I finally found the truck during the callow hill night market, the line was super but well worth the wait. I ordered the Heart Attack Mac - which was mac n cheese topped with caramelized onions, bacon and parmesan panko crunch. The cheese and toping combination was just perfect - It was happiness in food form. They offer so many other different varieties of mac n cheeses, so I will definitely be going back for more. The price is pretty reasonable for a gourmet mac n cheese bowl and service is pretty quick (yes even if you are standing in a long line during a night market) They don't have a set location where they do business therefore make sure to check them out online to see where they camp out. Go get your mac-n-cheese everyone!!Mac Mart catered our wedding at the 23rd Street Armory and did a fantastic job!  Guests are still raving about the Mac. And Marti was sooo easy to work through the entire process. Great luck in your new storefront!Marti Lieberman's Mac Mart Truck has had a meteoric rise over the past year. Marketed as Philly's first and only mac n cheese food truck, it's an ingenious concept, brought forth by the focused marketing plan of Ms. Lieberman. From the name to the bright pink design, it's clear that this Drexel alum was made for this.
She's a mainstay at the 33rd street food truck scene, but with the press nipping at her designer heels, it's no surprise that she's a continuous presence at a variety of special events. Whether it's catering for the Starr Restaurants' executive team or a media event for Outward Bound Philadelphia, there's a reason everyone's clamoring for the Mac Mart Truck and it starts with the mac. 
While the local media came out to cover Outward Bound Philadelphia rappelling off of the Four Seasons Hotel a few months back, I came to indulge in a bevy of mac n cheese.
I could not choose just one from all of the options available to me, so I went with all of the options that day. The mac comes with great packaging, but fair warning - these are not microwaveable, an important point that was clarified for each and every customer. 
But enough babble - let's get on with the mac! 
Mac's Mart [$8]
Original Mac, buttered Parmesan Panko bread crumbs, ketchup (optional)
The original mac maintained an al dente texture with the creaminess of the cheese interspersed throughout. The Ruffle-style chips added a nice salty kick though overtook the Parmesan Panko bread crumbs in terms of texture and taste. Still, this had all the elements of a good mac n cheese - creamy cheese, al dente macaroni, and texture on top.
Cowboy Cup [$8]
Original Mac, crispy bacon, cornbread crumble, jalapeno ranch drizzle 
The cowboy cup offered a jalapeno ranch drizzle that was subtly sweet, with hints of spice on the finish. Even the cornbread crumble had an innate sweetness that was countered by the salty bacon. Though I typically prefer crispy bacon, I actually enjoyed the meatiness of the bacon here considering there was plenty of texture from the cornbread crumble. 
Pesto Bowl [$8]
Original Mac, basil-pecorino-walnut pesto, Parmesan Panko crunch
As expected, the pesto bowl ventured into herbaceous territory. In fact, as soon as the lid was lifted, the delicious smell of garlic and basil wafted out from within. The Parmesan Panko crunch was more apparent here and offered great texture. With the undertone of pesto, be prepared for a salty, yet creamy bite! 
Spinach & Artichoke Mac [$8]
Original Mac, garlic sauteed spinach, soft artichoke hearts, cheddar cheese shreds, homemade pita chip crisps
The spinach and artichoke was a great interpretation, with each bite emanating the oft-enjoyed dip. The garlic sauteed spinach and tender artichoke hearts were apparent, though the homemade pita seemed to be overtaken, or even replaced, by the Ruffle chips. Regardless, if you like spinach artichoke dip, this is the mac for you!
Heart Attack Mac [$8]
Caramelized onions, crispy bacon, Parmesan Panko topping
But truly, my favorite Mac Mart Truck mac is the Heart Attack Mac. That shouldn't be much of a surprise considering my gluttonous tendencies. I was able to indulge in this at the 2013 Chinatown Night Market and it was simply incredible - creamy mac n cheese topped with thick-cut bacon, sweet caramelized onions, and a Parmesan Panko crust on top? You can't go wrong with that. The added sprinkle of Frank's Red Hot only added additional flavor and heat to a great mac.
So if you're ever craving Mac n Cheese, don't hesitate to check out Mac Mart Truck's Facebook page or Twitter handle for the latest on all things mac in Philly. You won't be disappointed. Mac Mart Truck recently celebrated their one year anniversary so congrats on that milestone, but here's to decades more mac for Philly's devoted.Creative and complex flavors and surprisingly good value! I was a bit taken aback by the 8$ cost of the jalapeno popper mac and cheese bowl at first, but after I realized it was enough for 2 meals, the price no longer seemed so bad. I just wish the mac n cheese wasn't cold by the time I got it back to my desk. It was a cold day to venture out of the office for my lunch break, so I was really looking forward to hot, gooey cheese to warm me up. Because of the temperature issue, the jalapeno popper cream on the top did not properly melt or mix into the mac n cheese. When I reheated my leftovers later, however, and mixed it all together, the flavors were more even. The crunchy topping added awesome texture! I'm definitely going to try it again, since I feel like the cold mac was just a one-off. I also love the pink truck and pink bags- adorable aesthetic!I went to Love Park during lunch and decided to check out this food truck. It's bright pink and cute!
I got the crabby mac ($10)- Generous portions and super filling!!!! The mac and cheese is delicious and they top it off with pieces of crab. I want to try the bacon mac next time. 
Massive food coma upon finishing the last bite....I should have just ate half in retrospect. If you love mac and cheese and want authentic mac and cheese (not kraft)- come here! #donoteatallofit #greedtookoveragainThe big pink truck w the "I love Genie" blonde caught my attention so I had to stroll over and order.  I got the large mac and cheese with crab.  It was filling...wish there was more Old Bay on it and more crab.  Loved the idea of the potatoe chips on the top of it...Mac and cheese is something that has been done time and time again. Everywhere you go you will undoubtedly find someone who claims that their mac and cheese is THE mac and cheese. Well forget all of them because this is it. 
The Mac Mart blew my mind to put it simply. I wasn't expecting anything out of the ordinary really but I was blown away. The BBQ mac and cheese is incredible and the fudge truffles are no slouch either. If you like mac and cheese go to this truck. If you don't like mac and cheese, go to the mac mart and your life will change for the better.Ah, damn...I was so excited to try this truck! I kept missing them by minutes during the first week or two they were on Drexel's campus, but finally made it there. And I was very disappointed.
I went with a grilled cheese that also had mac and cheese on it, and added bacon (which cost an extra dollar on top of the $4 dollar sandwich). The thought of paying 5 bucks for a grilled cheese sandwich bothered me but I needed to try it!
I opened up the sandwich to find that the bacon was forgotten, so that was a waste of a dollar. It's a mistake, I didn't really care. That was the least of the problem, however. The mac and cheese from a box of Kraft or even an Easy Mac cup would have been better than what came on the sandwich. 
The items on the menu sound delicious so hopefully things improve, but I will wait a while before I come back to find out.The bright rose pink truck, the energy, and the Mac'N Cheese - can you say YUM!?
I can't say enough about Mac Mart! 
So Mac'n Cheese? Hoo boy. Like many of you, I grew up in a house where macaroni and cheese was essential, no matter how it was made.
I discovered this magical pink truck for the first time last year, at the Night Market 2016 - South Street West. Right after my first bite, I knew I was in trouble. I immediately singed up to receive their FaceBook updates, and real-time tweets. Unsurprisingly, it was so hard to decide what to have then, with all of the mouthwatering options.
You can try the Marts Mac ( the classic 7 Cheese mac 'n' cheese), or the BBQ-in-a-bowl--anything would be delicious, really. Every.Single.Bite fills my growling little stomach with so much joy. It's just like the good old days, except better! 
Hoorah!
My personal favorite? The Crabby Mac. It's just so fan·tas·tic. 
Acknowledgment:
For some reason, my review of Mac Mart Truck, was automatically updated on their restaurant Yelp page. I believe that both ( Restaurant and Truck) deserve a separate review, therefore I'm reposting it on here, as well.
Five Yelps!SO delicious. I got the Rittenhouse and you could taste the garlic and spinach is every bite. I think the topping to mac & Cheese ration is PERFECTION.  The people were awesome.This is hands down the best food truck in the city, and the best mac and cheese I've ever had. Highly recommend! Can't wait for the storefront to open! Among the delectable flavors- BBQ Chicken Mac, Buffalo Chicken Mac, Heavenly Jalepeno Pesto, and Sunny Tomato Mac. You also can't go wrong with just the basic mac flavors!I first heard about Mac Mart through a friend's recommendation. Upon trying the mac and cheese, with its homemade taste and personal toppings of my choice, I was blown away! Definitely worth having a bowl and getting some of the delicious truffles on the side.
For a great option, I recommend getting "Mart's Mac Original," you won't be disappointed.I love mac n cheese and I love food trucks, so this seemed like it would be match made in heaven.  Unfortunately I was a little underwhelmed with my lunch from Mac Mart Truck.
On my visit, they had three or four different choices.  I ordered the mac topped with fresh mozzarella, basil and tomato.  Unfortunately, when I got back to my office, I realized they gave me plain ol' mac, topped with bread crumbs.  I was super hungry and not really looking to walk back to the truck, so I ate what they gave me.
The mac n cheese itself was good, but not the best I've eaten.  The portion size, I will say, was huge.  I could only eat half of it.  But for $8, you would assume you'd get a decent sized serving.  Although I'm not a huge fan of breadcrumbs on mac n cheese, their breadcrumbs were buttery, garlicky, and tasty.
Overall, I'd try Mac Mart again, and make sure I get the selection that I ordered before walking away!  I'd definitely recommend getting one of their selections that has some meat/veggies on it, in order to have a more well-rounded lunch than just a giant cup of carbs and cheese!I get it! I finally get it! There is a reason this pink truck is a fan favorite. There is a reason why this truck has a long line! Because their stuff is so freaking good!
One day they were at LOVE park and guess what?! No line! It's like the heavens opened up just for me. I stepped right up and ordered their jalapeno pesto chicken. A bowl, which set me back $8 is a great lunch for one or something that can be split between two people. There was a nice spice to it, but not too hot and from start to finish you could taste the jalapeno and pesto, so it wasn't just the top. The chicken were also nice bite size and they didn't skimp on it either! I say you're getting your money's worth in both flavor and volume. So when you see a crazy long line at a food festival for this truck, it all makes perfect sense.Finally tried Mac Mart, & I guess it was worth the wait. It was good...not as great as I'd hoped, but it was worth the trip down to Eakins Oval to try it. We tried the Heart Attack Mac, the Cowboy Cup & the BBQ in a bowl. My personal fave was the Heart Attack Mac....gobs of carmelized onions and crunchy bacon galore. I'll say my disappointment came mostly from the fact that the cheese sauce didn't have as much depth as I'd hoped. It doesn't resemble actual cheese as much as cheez whiz. As baked macaroni & chz is my fav type of mac, I guess I expected a heavier/more savory sauce. All things considered though, I was thoroughly satisfied and would definitely eat it again.The original Mac n Cheese is all but original.  If you enjoy "from the box" mac, this "outside the box" recipe will certainly not disappoint!  I highly recommend adding the pulled BBQ chicken.  It adds a lot of flavor and is very tender.  Possibly the most overlooked and underrated item on the menu are the cookies and cream truffles.  These are a must try.  Trust me, this place is worth every penny!  Don't disrespect the MAC!I'm always excited for mac & cheese so when I saw this truck in Chinatown's Night Market I was pretty stooked.
I got the BBQ one with chicken and breadcrumbs; breadcrumbs on mac&cheese makes it so much yummier!
The portion was bigger than I thought it would be which is a good thing because I was debting about paying $8 for a little tray of mac&cheese that I could have made at home.
The BBQ mac&cheese was okay.. Nothing special. Boyfriend liked the chicken though.No complaints, reasonally priced, takes cards, and the mac and cheese was great! I had the Original BBQ mac and cheese. I'd go there again for sureAmazing ahhhh-mazzzzeee-zing! I had Mac Mart for the first time ever today in Malvern's corporate center. Let me tell you, Mac Mart is the best thing that's ever rolled into town! I got my mac and cheese with spinach, artichoke and bacon! It was delectable! I never thought mac and cheese could be so delicious! It was served up quick and hot, and I was going to save half for a family member... but that didn't happen because when I got home I polished off the rest of it as it was too good to share! You can catch Mac Mart in Philly where they are based, so it looks like my friend and I will be venturing into the city this summer to get our fix! Thanks Mac Mart!!! 
Oh - Also, I heard that Mac Mart does weddings ! They are the perfect late night snack for dancing and drinks at receptions!!!