My go-to spot on a Saturday night! I was real bummed that lucys closed, but was pleasantly surprised by this bar just across the street!
Their food is better than expected. I always get wings and fries. (be careful of the wtf sauce though) Sometimes it takes a real long time to get the bartenders attention, but the place is usually packed. And if you're lucky the always sunny crew will pop in!This place has a few good things going for it: 
1. REALLY good gravy fries...seriously, if you haven't had them yet - you haven't lived
2. The staff here is friendly and entertaining! Don't let it alarm you if a waitress and a member of the kitchen staff randomly have a lover's quarrel...its all part of the character of the place! lol!
3. It is the perfect bar to watch ANY Philly sports team...but especially the Phillies. 
4. Pretty good beer selection, too!To sum it up, it's an average bar with ties to a very well-known TV show - but that fact doesn't make the food or much else better. When I went they had $4 White Rascal's and on top of that I had the normal gravy fries. $11 for fries, steep to say the least. They were steak fries, covered in gravy and mozzarella cheese and while pretty damn good, I would be hesitant to say that they're worth the price. Service was good, sometimes a little slow, but still friendly.Good beer selection. Not the best. Chill atmosphere, partially owned by the cast of it's always sunny.I came on Saturday in the afternoon and enjoyed my time there. The staff was friendly and willing to chat with you. They have a decent draft and bottle list. I ordered the Dante Piccante burger and it was spicy, but delicious! I will come back for a bite and beer!I finally made it to Mac's on a Wednesday night for Quizzo.  I'm a huge Always Sunny fan so this place was pretty much guaranteed two stars.  Some of my friends are regulars so they know the bartenders.  The servers were really helpful in setting up our oversized quizzo team table.  I only stayed though the first round, but the questions were decent.  Only problem is that its really hard to hear the questions in the back.  I definitely think this needs a spot in the UYE Cross-City Shuffle.Went there for my birthday this summer because I'm a huge Sunny fan.  I ordered Hummus so that I didn't get drunk too fast.  It was so good, I got some to go at 2am.  If you don't get the Hummus at Mac's then I just feel bad for you.  It's so good it's almost criminal.  Trust me, I'm chubby.  I know food  :PGood beer menu and great food options.  The chicken fingers are killer, especially with the Mac's House gravy fries.  If you see the Sweet D's Sausage & P's on the special's menu pounce on that.We went here because we found a Groupon and because of the owners, who star on It's Always Sunny. It was pretty loud and my food was lackluster. It tries to be upscale tavern food, but that type of food nearly always fails. They are strict about no substitutions which is annoying. They did have a good beer selection with some I've never heard of which is always good. I'm not sure I'd go here for the food, though the Groupon made it better. Also kind of slow service and kind of cramped since the bar crowd stated filling up the restaurant area. I would go for the beer selection.Hidden gem in olde city. Fun bar that has some really good sweet potato fries! The fries are on steroids and come with some honey horseradish sauce that are a dream come true. I devoured those bad boys like they were my last meal. Believe the hype!
Our party sat by the jukebox right by the bathrooms, but the music was way too loud for a casual Sunday evening. I have to work tomorrow, and I need my voice! I don't need to shout over to a friend right across for me. If they can fix that, then I'll be a happy woman. I just won't share my fries.Delicious crab cakes, both the appetizer and the sandwich! Happy hour until 6:30 means all appetizers are just $6, so I couldn't pass them up! Bar staff were friendly, and kept my glasses full.So I'm still not sure how I feel about Mac's Tavern, I've been here like 3 times, and I've had the food. and drinks. and had good service once, shitty awful service once and okay service once. What does this mean? well I don't know. I enjoy their fries and they have a decent beer list. But when a waitress ignores me and there are literally 2 other patrons in the bar- we have something wrong here. 
I will definitely give it a try in the future, but it certainly has major competition what with so many always winning bars in olde city.I'm an out of tower and walked by this place at least twice looking for a place to grab dinner. This place was the perfect amount of busy, service was great and beer and food was on point. I'm from Texas and their chili (with Guac and pico, can't go wrong) promised to be spicy. It was and was delicious. The bartenders know their local beer, which is all I can ask for. Anyone can serve a Budlight, but I really appreciate them touting the local brews. I highly recommend. With that said, I dined and drank solo, and didn't use the bathrooms, so no comment on that aspect.Short and sweet. I loved the food. The potion sizes are more than enough. I ordered the grilled chicken wrap. The chicken was well seasoned and very flavorful. The fries are delicious!I'm giving this place 2 stars, only because I've been here before and I know its potential.  I tell everyone to come here because it's the only Notre Dame bar in the city and it's usually a great time.  Last night, this was not the case.  My roommates and I came here for the ND/MSU game and I'm sad to say, we probably won't be back.
We ordered some food and were somewhat disappointed.  Buffalo chicken cheesesteak was decent, grilled chicken wrap was as to be expected, and the chicken tenders....crunchy, possibly re-fried and on a bed of lettuce...$13 for 3 chicken tenders, one of which was so damn tiny, it shouldn't even be counted as a chicken tender.  We also had to track down a waitress to ask for forks and napkins.  When we were finished, our plates sat there until I finally decided to move them to an empty end of the bar table we were at.
After our first round, I waited at least 20 minutes at the bar before a bartender even made eye contact with me.  I'm not sure where the 2nd bartender was, but she seemed to be having some sort of personal issue, as she was in and out on her cell phone the whole time.
All in all, they just seemed short-staffed and overwhelmed last night.  I'm disappointed because I really do love this place and have good memories here.  Sad to say, I'll have to find a new favorite place.I can't believe I never reviewed this...
I love "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia" so naturally, I HAD to come here.  AWESOME "Mac & cheese" but didn't like the "It's Always Sunny" beer.  Still a great place to hang out with friends though.  Now, crossing my fingers in hopes to see Rob" McElhenney  and Kaitlin Olson...We had so much fun at this place! Lisa, Erika and and Sean  were phenomenal bartenders and really made our Saturday night the best. We will be bringing all our friends here to watch eagles games. Very friendly and makes you feel like home!Mac's is my favorite bar in Old City thus far. The place is nice without being too stuffy, has a great draft selection, and runs specials during games. They have a good social media presence, which I appreciate - it's the only place I've been able to find Oberon in Philly, and I discovered they carried it via Twitter. (Not going to lie, I was thinking 4 stars until I remembered their awesome rotating drafts.) The staff is great and although I've been in too late to personally want food, the food I've seen served looks and smells great. If you're looking for a great laid back bar in the area, this is it.Stopped in here Sunday nite with my family after a long day at the Franklin Institute. There were six of us and there were tables for six in the rear of the place, all with reserved signs on them. What's with that? We might have walked out if someone hadn't wandered over. We sat at the middle table which was a mistake as water from the AC vent above was dripping on my daughter, so we moved to the side table. The bartender came right over and we ordered drinks. Lots of nice craft beers on their list. The waiter finally came over and took our orders. Skip the chicken wings as they were very tiny and overdone, but the calamari was super tender and delicious.
I ordered their half pound burger which was very good. They could work on the fries to get them more crispy. Everyone liked their food and we would go back. Service was friendly, attentive but somewhat pokey, but after reading some reviews, we expected that and it was not a problem. Neat place!I'm not usually so inclined to write a review, but here goes.
Mac's is a great Old City bar with great food, great selection of craft brews, and a friendly atmosphere. Also a great staff and management, who are passionate about retaining their regulars and attracting new ones.
With that said, they don't take any crap from the cheap and/or skeezy and/or idiot population of the surrounding area. They have taken flack on the social media sites for defending themselves against thieves and morons who try and defraud this wonderful business. Three cheers to you guys for posting pictures of thieves and the like, as its not only your business who loses money from these vermin. 
Per the 1-star reviews below, this is the type of a ss-hattery you would expect from local South Philly trash who occasionally escapes his meager existence for a night on the town, going to a non-sports bar to watch a garbage TNF game when there is a new episode of Always Sunny on. Go to a different bar, and stay off of Yelp if you are that miserable and pathetic. Honestly, who has time to put pubes in a drink? Doesn't happen here.Mac's is a great place for many things.  They have lots of TV's so its great to watch games, etc. Large beer selection .  Really delicious bar-fare.  They have outside seating which is great for watching the people stroll by and friendly staff!  It's a welcoming place overall.While my boyfriend was getting a cheesesteak at Sonny's next door, I browsed the restaurant's menu to see if anything looked appealing. I thought several things did and went inside to ask that if both my boyfriend and I could sit outside together-- with my order and his cheesesteak. They told me no, which is understandable, so I ordered "to go" and sat at the bar to wait. I drank a diet coke, which turned out to be RC cola. When my chicken finally came, it had very little on the plate aside from chicken, despite the advertisement saying otherwise. The chicken, however, was pretty good, and the ambiance was neat. 
I also thought it was also a little expensive. I think I paid $12 for chicken, which seems like a lot at a pub, especially considering there wasn't else.Had to stop here considering Mac from Its Always Sunny owns it. Nice place. Good spot to watch a game or just chill. Didn't try the food though. Beer selection was pretty good.Last summer my now fiancé and I had a couple nights in Philly and couldn't decide where to go. We love finding local bars to have dinner. We found Mac's through one of our phone apps and decided to come here. My fiancé loves the show its always sunny and so we figured why not! I loved their selection of beer on tap, love trying something new when traveling! We ate dinner and it was delicious. 
We happened to be here for trivia night so we decided to play! Even though we may not have done so well, it was fun! 
We loved this place so much. We came back here on the end of our trip when we were back in Philly!Awesome food, good beer selection. My only complaint is they should really rename the Mac's macs to Mac's Famous Mac and Cheese. I think Dennis would appreciate it.So I, like most people, stumbled in due to the lore of the show. Actually, we made a trip across town to stumble in, but regardless, we made it. Yes, it is just a sports bar, and there isn't much hype or dazzle, but we were expecting a LITTLE bit better in the service department. We waited over 10 minutes (yes, I was timing) for someone to even acknowledge my girlfriend and I, then another 5 before our draught beers were brought out. After that, we had a couple friends join us and our server had practically disappeared. We had to flag down another server multiple times to place another drink order, which I figured would be getting shoveled our way. 
One thing that really struck me as odd was one of my friends ordered a whiskey on the rocks. 6 bucks, not bad... until we saw there was an addt'l charge of 1.50 for "rocks". Yes, seriously. A buck fifty for ice. Now, I know this is Philadelphia and it's my first time to the north east, but crap like that makes it want to be my last. On top of all of that, our server (who wasn't around, and it shows) actually gave us someone else's drinks on our table's bill. Had it not been for the keen eye of one of our friends, we would have started a nice date we didn't intend to finish.
The food was mediocre. The breading on the calamari was thick, almost like nothing I've had on seafood before. The wings were good, standard bar wings. That's it for food.
Overall, it was about a 2.5, but closer to the 2 stars rating. I'll probably give it another go if I'm back in town and see if the service has picked up at all.WINE IN A CAN- NO ONE WILL EVER KNOW. I CAN GESTURE AND NOT SPILL IT EVERYWHERE.
I love Mac's Tavern- and not only because I am a huge Always Sunny fan.
This place was like being at Paddy's Pub but it was cleaner, bigger and had tvs!
They had great food. I suggest trying the fish tacos on the app. menu. They are filling enough for a meal and cheap!
Good beer selection, nice looking crowd and the bartenders were great too!
Cheap pbr tall boys during Phillies game. This is a great addition to Olde CityFood is consistently good and tasty.  Quizzo on Wednesday nights is typically a fun time too.My wife and I were visiting Philly and we both wanted to check out this place since we are huge "Sunny" fans. It is safe to say that when we visit again we will definitely be stopping back! 
First off, the atmosphere is great. The scene is so chill and the music was fantastic. 
Secondly (and most importantly), the food. Chipotle-lime aioli dip for your fresh-cut fries?! I wish I could shower in that stuff forever! The food came in huge portions. I got Sweet D's Turkey BLT and it was awesome. My wife got a grilled chicken wrap and that was fantastic! Everything was amazing here. You definitely have to hit this place whether you're a fan of the show or not. Great food!Came here because my friend is a big It's Always Sunny In Philadelphia fan but it also turned out to have great food. The Red & White Chicken cutlet sandwich was excellent and the daily special and the serving ideal. My friends that had the short stack rib burger said it was among the best they've had. Excellent beer and drink choices and brilliant friendly service. Great place.Had to come here on my vacation to Philly - huge Always Sunny fan!! I loved that there were pictures of 'the gang' around the bar!
I didn't eat any food here because they didn't really have any gluten free options, but they did have gluten free beer and gluten free cider, so we had some drinks. Cool place to hang out and watch a game.This place sucks. And when I say sucks I mean BIG DONKEY BALLS sucks! I think that yelp owes me a start just for taking the time to write this. The bartenders think there doing me a favor by getting me a drink and "letting" me tip them. And they know nothing of the beer that there serving. Completely incompetent! Oh and the kitchen? Nuff said! People dont waste your time. I think Mac has some serious management/ownership issues. I guess with all that money you can afford to have a slezzy place!As a fan of It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia, I had to pay a visit to Mac's Tavern.  The service from the start, was similar to what I'd expect from Paddy's Pub in fact, like in Paddy's Pub there were hardly any patrons when I went.  The bartenders/wait staff looked over me didn't provide any service and I had to ask for everything a menu, first round of drinks etc.  Once service was provided and my order taken, it was very good and the staff was friendly. The staff informed me of various specials including a drink special for when the Phillies play which I took advantage of.  For food, I ordered Mac's Keilbasa which was a delicious kielbasa topped with mango chutney. The chutney I thought tasted like a McDonald's apple pie filling and I was shocked to find that the mix of kielbasa and the "apple pie" taste went great.  Other than the hick up in service at the beginning, I enjoyed my experience at Mac's and I recommend going.  If you're a fan of the show though there isn't much It's Always Sunny memorabilia.Mac's had to work very, very hard to earn that 3-star rating, and had to claw its way back up from a much lower one, at that.  While there is nothing really wrong going on here, something was just off .
Mac's prides itself on its large beer list which, while it is long, is not really that impressive if you know your beer.  Nothing on there is very unique, and the list is thinned out by the long section of humdrum domestics.  What microbrews they do have are not very impressive either.  While they do have a few hard to find beers, like the Old Speckled Hen, it's mostly made up of the larger, easily available beers.  Honestly, you can go almost anywhere these days for a Bells, Dogfishhead, or a Rogue.  Really, there is nothing WRONG with their section, but its nothing very clever, either.  Their large chalkboard beer list on the wall could use some updating as well.  Many of the choices were no longer available, and it sounds like they may have been gone for a while. 
I also wasn't terribly impressed with the waitstaff, but I did come around on this.  When we first sat down, our guy was a little odd, and gave off an attitude like he had much, much better things to do than listen to my questions about beers that he couldn't answer anyway.  For a weekday, and not a very busy one, either, he was very hard to get a hold of, and probably made it a point to avert his gaze when he walked by.  He did come around a little at the end.  When I was a little unsure on what to order, he gave me three very different samples of some of their best sellers to help me make my mind up.
So, if you're in the area, Mac's might not be a bad choice for the convenience.  The prices aren't outrageous for the types of beer they offer or the neighborhood in which they're selling them, and the food that my friends ordered looked pretty fantastic.  They seemed to enjoy it, and the sweet potato fries I snatched were pretty good.  Unless you got yourself a Groupon, like I did, it's not really worth the trip across town.  You could do better, but you could also do much, much worse.I'm a big fan of "It's Always Sunny" so naturally I had to go. I got the BBQ pulled pork sandwich which I would highly reccomend. I wish there was more memorabilia from the show but food and beer selection was great.Food and brews were excellent, wait staff friendly and interesting. I really like how this place runs in a part of town that can be pricey/snobby.Sadly ill be changing my review of this place to 2.5 stars....
Crab cake sandwich people.How do you mess up an It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia bar? Doesn't look like Paddy's Pub at all, and just has a few token photos of the cast on the wall. Are you kidding me? One of the saddest fan experiences I've ever had. What a scam! Rob McElhenney should be ashamed of himself.It's too cold to go out bare-chested. I get up and I put on my new blue merino wool hoodie that I have purchased from the Gap. It is new and it is perfect. It flows comfortably over my body and keeps me warmer than any blue merino wool hoodie has ever kept anyone warm before. I fawn over it in a way that can only be described as the love that hand model, Ellen Sirot, expressed for her hands to Katie Couric. Like Ellen and her hands, we are inseparable. 
Oh, we are good. The hoodie was on sale but together we are spectacular. We sit on the train to the city together and we walk to Mac's Tavern, padding and shunning the cold wind. We sit in the back of the bar and raise a hand to make a drinking gesture to the waiter that, in a different context, could land us in the back of a cop car. We make the gesture with such accuracy, and with such ridiculous beauty that the server surely knows to bring over a Jack and Coke without ever hearing a single word.
We await the arrival of our drink, in such an astounding fashion that my drinking buddies share the anguish and dire thirst. They wait too, looking around the room for the server to return. When he does, he douses the blue hoodie in Jack Daniels, stripping it of its perfect nature. The drink is too strong and garnished with a lemon. 
He does not look like a professional, like he never saw the inside of a bar prior to that moment. Patrons stop and stare at the spill. He walks away without ever saying a word. Later, he bumps into me and gets ketchup on the back of the tarnished hoodie. After continually ignoring my perfect requests for another drink and telling me to wait, he finally brings a second Jack and Coke. This one is devoid of liquor. He spills it on my hoodie, pants, and hand. Again, he walks away without ever saying a word. I sit and shake my head, gasping. No one has ever seen anything quite like it.
*Please don't sue me, David Eggers, for blatantly ripping you off.What a great find!
I stopped in for lunch. Nice selection on the menu. 
I ordered the Turkey BLT sandwich. Generous portions of turkey piled high on a bun. It came with a side of fresh cut fries. 
Quick and friendly service.This place blows. I took an out of town guest here. After 10 minutes of no bar service we left. The place was not crowded either. Judging by the clientele I'd say it gets a fairly high douche rating as wellSuch an awesome place to hang out. Went on Wednesday for trivia night, a blast. definitely recommend itAs a fan of It's Always Sunny, I had to come check out Mac's Tavern. It was a pretty standard bar with decent food, and everything was just a-ok.
We were seated but our waitress was not the friendliest, just enough to get the orders and job done. Perhaps it was because there seemed to be only 2 waitresses and quite a few customers. 
Drinks: meh, maybe we didn't get the best recommendations.. However, they were in full pint glasses, so that seemed to be a plus. Not very strong though
- Harvest Fizz: it basically tasted like an organic, herbal tea with bubbles. It was ok
- Chocolate Shake: tasted like a spiked chocolate milk. It was nice in the beginning but you get over it.
Food: portions were pretty big, and the food tasted good, too.
- Crabcakes: pretty decent. We got this since it was $2 off appetizers for weekend happy hour. It came with 3 pieces and several sauces. Good to share between 2 people.
- Coconut curry jerk chicken: I've been cutting on my carbs, so this was a good choice. The sauce was a bit sweet (as expected, I guess). The chicken was very juicy! I think there were like 4 pieces, so I couldn't finish it. I had the leftover the next day, and it was still pretty nice.
- Bourboner Steak Sandwich: my friend ordered this but I got to taste it. Meat was very sweet, but the sandwich was really loaded. I had the meat/cheese/mushroom/onion leftovers the next day, too, and still tasted good.Excellent service and the food, while a tavern, is fantastic. A great place to hit when heading toward or from Penn's Landing (about a block and a half away). We had a Caesar Salad to start. This was one of the best salads I think I've ever had, and the Burgers for the main course. Cooked to perfection, the choice of cheeses was an unexpected added touch. If your in the area and get that growl in the pit of your gut, you'd be a fool to pass up Mac's. My compliments to the Chef.OK, I've been here once and I think I'm going to love this place!  Stopped by just before happy hour and sat at the bar.  I perused the amazing variety of beers.  The bartender was pleasant and knowledgeable.  The only thing better would be if he was the opposite sex and gorgeous.  But hey, you can't have everything!
The place was just starting to fill up.  It was an interesting mix of blue collar, white collar, and the occasional tourist.  There was even a couple sitting at a table with a beautiful Labrador retriever at their feet. 
Although I was at the bar, I was watching the wait staff work.  They appeared to be friendly and efficient.  Always a good thing.  
My beers were great.  Yelpers have commented on the fries so I ordered a plate.  I urge you to do the same.  They are really excellent.  The small size was a meal for me.  They have a large.  It scares me to think about it!
I can't wait to come back for more great beer and to try some of the food.After multiple lunch visits, I must increase my rating and add another star. The place is great; sandwiches are awesome (try the veggie burger with bacon--that's no typo!). They've also started having a "specials" menu. We had some spicy, super tasty gazpacho last week. 
Service is always prompt and attentive, they are always playing great tunes from the 90s. I would love to spend the whole afternoon there, but alas...there's work to be done.Usually go for quizzo on Wednesday nights. Great specials, good food. The hot wings are delicious. Pat the quizzo host always does a great job with questions that typically pertain to music, sports and movies. My only complaint is that it is a nightmare trying to get a table for a large group. They are not very accommodating and will not put tables together. The waiter wouldn't even move a chair over to seat 5 people at a 4 person table. Besides that, the  great beer specials and tasty food keep me coming back.Stopped in for a beer and lunch while playing tourist in Philadelphia for the weekend. Had the sausage and peppers special that was alright, but nothing to write home about. They offer poutine as an appetizer, and when I asked for gravy on the fries that accompanied my sandwich I was outright refused. The fries were not that good plain and the service was pretty bad until the shift change. I'll not be stopping back next time I'm in the historic district.I bought my sister to Mac's Tavern when she visited Philadelphia and the whole experience was great. Drinks we served fast, fairly priced, and each of the beers were in the appropriate glasses, which is not a must, but deserves high marks for the attention to detail. 
Also, if you are a fan of Always Sunny in Philadelphia, it is the best place to watch each episode EVERY Thursday. LOVE IT!the skinny bartender is the rudest and slowest guy in the city. I dont even know why this guy is a bartender since it seems like he hates his job, He's either on the phone half the time or staring into space. Food is good and the chubbier older bartender is cool. They need to get rid of skinner lamer replace him with a pretty girl or someone more friendly.THEY HAVE REAL FRIES! Amazing, we found a place with real fries, not the industrial soy-compounded junk you get in most places. 
The Bourbonic Steak Sandwich was VERY good. Not a class Philly steak sandwich, but very tasty and moist and juicy. Yum!
Good beer selection too! Service is friendly and attentive - yay!
I recommend as a sports bar or tavern, if you're thirsty and hungry for pub fare. It's good quality.Great little bar in old city! Bartenders and staff are very friendly, serve some good bar foods, and have a great beer selection. Little musty inside but that could be because we went in the middle of winter when doors and windows havent been able to be opened for fresh air in a while. Definitely recommend stopping in for a drink or something to eat!After months of trying actually met Mac and Dee here in October super cool and loved meeting fansTerrible customer service. Waitress young ,ignorant, rude, was talking to a guy at the bar instead of waiting on us. The first place that I've been in my life that gives you trouble about returning a dish that you don't want and haven't touched. I regret wasting a penny on this place. Food basic and overpriced for the quality.Dining Partner and I came here on a Monday evening around 7pm. There were only about 8 people in the place and plenty of seats available so we sat ourselves at the bar. $2 off drafts and $2 off burgers on Mondays. They had Not Your Father's Root Beer on draft which is so much better than in the bottle. I ordered wings with BBQ sauce and Dining Partner had the burger. I wish I would have asked for my wing sauce on the side, because the wings were drenched. Once I wiped some sauce off on the plate, they were pretty good. I wouldn't make Mac's an intended destination, but if everything else in Old City is booked this is a good standby. Decent bar food, no reservations needed, a true 3.5 star experience.Yeah yeah Always Sunny.  That's why I went there.  All prejudice aside.  Solid bar, good food, good prices, good bartenders.  Recommended!I love Mac's Tavern. The location is great - in the middle of one of most lively corner of Philadelphia. I like that it is not too big or too small. The bar is easy to access. The service is swift and sure. Additionally: 1) Drink Selection 2) Food. I tried the fries with gravy and cheese (called poutine in Montreal) - simply stunning! The burger, the chicken cutlets (of each there are several choices on the menu), crab sandwich, Mac and cheese will make your taste buds thank you for eating Mac's Tavern's food. The place can be loud but that's because when you are enjoying great good with great drink and good company - few can mute themselvesLove it's always sunny in Philadelphia. Was excited to go here for a beer while on holiday from the UK. Upon ordering was asked for Id, showed my UK driving licence with date of birth 1991. Was told they couldn't accept this as valid ID. 
I managed to use my driving license in many bars across the states and even down the road at Bierstube Tavern (which has a lot better variety of beer). 
If visiting make sure you have your passport, which I don't like having on me while out and about for obvious reasons.I've been here twice and had two way different experiences.  Both times were on a weekend.  
Experience 1: The bar must have only been open for a few weeks.  Not crowded at all and very easy to get a seat and a beer.  It was more of a relaxing time and we were able to converse, dance around easily.  They were playing soul music, which makes for a great dance party.
Experience 2: This past Saturday we stopped in to grab a pint and the place was PACKED.  It was hard to get around and made me feel like I was in coolege again.  It was one of those nights where if you're not drunk enough, you really are annoyed with getting pushed because you can never seem to find a place to stand.  Plus they were playing some horrible rap music.  Sorry, just not my bag.
Two totally different experiences.  I kind of wish that I could mix the two together and come out with a totally awesome night.  The beer selection is great, the music and scene is if-y, like a box of chocolates.I am impressed by the beer list. There are selections from local breweries as well as more well-known microbrews. No domestic crap, though. I like that! Plus, there's Original Sin hard cider for Juliet. I dig in with a Sixpoint Sweet Action from Brooklyn. It's a strange, creamy amber kind of brew with malty characteristics but relatively innocuous. Later I move on to a Sprecher Black Bavarian which is much more suited to my palate, dry and dark, with licorice undertones without being sweet. It has depth. I end with the PBC Walt Wit (recommended by good buddy Obijohn from his visit to Mac's only the week previous), a traditional and tasty Belgian-style white beer with grapefruit notes. Good one to finish with.
Originally, we plan for a light lunch. There are too many good choices, however, so we do our usual routine of ordering a couple starter dishes to share, then moving on to mains. Despite Obijohn's advice to avoid Mac's Macs, there's no way I'm going to convince Juliet to skip it. The fusilli pasta is baked in a four cheese sauce, then topped with crumbles of honey-barbecue corn chips. One bite and we are sold. The medley of cheese and sweet-salty topping sends my taste buds into the stratosphere. We demolish it. Likewise, Mac's House gravy fries--braised short rib shredded atop a mound of steak fries covered in gravy, topped with provolone and horseradish--are crazy good. And monstrous. There are way too many to finish, though we do our best.
For my main, I choose Sweet D's Sausage & P's. It's a classic hoagie filled with sliced sweet sausage, sauteed bell peppers, and onions in a thick tomato sauce. It's also nearly impossible to eat as a sandwich; I have to knife-and-fork it after several failed attempts to chaw on it, sausages slipping out from the bread onto my plate.
We hang around, sipping our drinks and picking at the food. I would classify the menu as "elevated tavern fare". There's something about Mac's that makes me feel right at home. It would be easy to waste an entire day there, drinking, talking, and munching on goodies.
But don't take my word for it. Read what my better half has to say on our website (linked in my profile).I dug it. Small bar, great beer selection and delicious food. I had a smoked #Marzen and boubonic steak sandwich. I'm a big always sunny fan which brought me here, wasn't disappointed. They need one in Cali tooDude this place is fire and we went at like 2pm so I can just imagine when its popping at night. We love Always Sunny so wanted to peep game on the establishment. It's a nice bar, some pics up here and there, rotating drafts, cool cocktail list, and a more refined bar menu. The turkey blt was the truth! My man got the pork sandwich. *Moment of Silence* The juiciest, moistest, handsomest sandwich oh and the gravy was...not enough words can describe so I'll just stop. Nice crisp fries too. Its summer n they had Sam Adams Merry Mischief Gingerbread stout. So, so very pleasant.  Also there I discovered I had been sleeping on THE summer drink. Lemonade and Southern Comfort Black Cherry. I just feel enlightened after our experience here. Not to mention how ridiculously close it is to Penn's Landing so walked over and enjoyed our buzz while sitting near the water taking views of the city and the bridge.rude service, overpriced food and drinks, and horrible atmosphere.  who wants to spend money at a place they are disrespected by the servers and bartenders? there are many bars in old city.  no need to go here.Im relatively sure there is a decent bar somewhere under the thick layers of old city douchiness that cover this place, but its definitely not worth digging for at midnight on a saturday.Pretty cool bar and I had made it just in time for their drinks specials that start at 8pm which i found weird. Staff is okay could be friendlier maybe? The vibe is pretty cool and not to mention actors frm It's Always Sunny In Philadephia own part of this pubI've been here a few times and each time has been worse than the last.  Most recently, the bartender added drinks that I didn't order and when I called him out on it, he gave me an attitude.  The manager even came over and was rude as well. Somehow it's my fault that numerous mixed drinks showed up on a tab of a couple who was drinking beer all night?  Service - horrible, Food - mediocre, Price - typical Old City.
As a local, I won't be returning to the Mac's tourist trap.I always get the Cheesesteak Rolls and they are frickin delicious. Husband always enjoys his meals too. Can't comment on the beer because we aren't big drinkers. Food is great, service is great.This was the second time I have been to Macs and had another pleasant experience. The waitress that took care of us was pretty attentive and very nice. My friend even commented she was even super quick on water refills.  The gravy fries were really good; everyone enjoyed them.  The atmosphere was pretty laid back. I would go back again.Cozy place. Surprised after 5 rounds there was no buy back. Was quiet on Black Friday but picked up later in the nightFantastic draft and bottle lists.  Get Mac's fries - braised short ribs, gravy, and provolone is perfection.  Leave the chili alone - spicy in a 'I spiced this to be spicy, not flavorful' way.  Chicken tenders were very good, but only 3 pieces to an order.  Good ambiance, it's definitely a sports bar but still old-city-classy.Male redhead bartender is useless. Mild wings are extremely spicy. But they have a good selection of draft and bottled beers... Just avoid the wings if you don't like spicy food!  Also this bar has a gimmick -  guess what song is playing based on only being able to hear the bass line. It's quite fun!We hit Mac's recently and I was pleasantly surprised at how good the food is.  I had wings - which let's face it every bar has and they're pretty easy to make even if it's basic - but Mac's had a cajun spice on them that was really awesome.  I wanted to eat the plate.
I have to admit that I was skeptical about going in there, yes I watch the show but I was worried that this bar would be resting on the reputation that Rob M. is a part-owner, and I was happy that they simply just made this a neighborhood bar to hang out in and not some homage to It's Always Sunny.  It's just a nice neighborhood place, kind of like Drinker's in a way.  The bathrooms were fine (not sure what someone is saying about the bathrooms needing to be re-done, they're fine and much better than some other places in Old City).  The decor was what I'd like my 'man cave' basement to be done as when we refinish it, and frankly I think that's what the owners were going for - their own personal man cave that they own!  :)  Really, Mac's stands on it's own as a neighborhood joint with a great beer selection, good service and great food at a reasonable price.  It almost doesn't really belong in Old City, it should be in Northern Liberties, Art Museum or Passyunk b/c it's way cooler than all the Stephen Starr themed schlock (and the knockoffs) that's down in Old City these days.Very typical Philly bar, but I always have a great time here. It's pretty packed...always, but worth it occasionally. You have to fight for a table for a bit, but once you get settled in, the noisy atmosphere gets the rest of your friends going and it's a great drunken time. Don't come in here with a headache!Mac's Tavern is my go-to bar after a long day of work. The draft list changes weekly (if not sooner) & the food is comforting/filling. My favorite bartender is Brian.Came in for a beer and everyone was so friendly and the staff was amazing... but if the guy with the beard is working the bar, do not order a cosmo or a margarita... they are shit! (Jk) :pHave made several trips to Mac's so far and I have not a bad thing to say. Good selection of craft beers on tap and in bottles and cans (and just clap ya hands). Draft list is constantly rotating so I haven't seen the same beer twice.
Gravy fries with mozzarella are legit as well as the roasted garlic hummus. The short rib jack-stack burger alone is worth the trip. The burger was cooked to a perfect medium rare topped with braised short ribs, pepper jack cheese and a mango habanero ketchup. Not for someone who can't handle the heat. I've had the crab cake sandwich as well and not a ton of filler in this one. 
Although I'm no expert in bird law and you can't get a milk steak here, I would recommend you give it a try.First time here and it was AWESOME! Peter was our server and he alone was 5 stars. Great food, great service, great place.  I will definitely be back!I've been here before for lunch and had great service. Yesterday I didn't get so lucky. I stopped in with my fiance to get an appetizer and a drink. Our waitress took our order brought our drinks and food and never came back. Apparently she went home transferred the table and never told us or her co-workers she was leaving. The chicken tenders were awful, one was so dry it was inedible! When I told the other waitress she offered to take the plate away and nothing else. 3 extremely disappointing tenderers for almost $9.00. We came here because we thought it was a sure thing based on our previous experience, next time if we want decent food and service we'll risk it and try something entirely new when we're in the neighborhood.Come for the pop culture reference stay for everything else.  Great diverse beer selection great wings. Great fries.  Dru is the best attentive bartender. The wait staff is personable and attentive. Lisa, the Laurens, and Dwayne are always upbeat professional and friendly to everyone. The staff really keeps the place running smoothly. Love coming in on Sundays to watch the game.  Love Quizzo on Wednesdays.  If you are in old city check out this placeI was so happy to stop in here with a friend while visiting Philly- it was definitely on the short bucket list for our trip. Although the bar on IASIP is fictitious, I was happy to discover that Mac and Kaitlin owned their own bar in Philly. And this place is pure Philly. Nice beer, nice blue collar crowd, Eagles game (of course) on every TV in the bar. The walls were littered with pictures and autographs of all of the cast mates and other famous celebrities at the bar, Mac's Tavern at times felt like more of a laid back Hard Rock of Philly than anything else- which I know to some that may be an insult. Plus, the bar is located in one of the coolest and hippest neighborhoods in the city, and a short walk from the Liberty Bell itself- a great antithesis with the old and new parts of the city.