Cons: Went Saturday night for my mom's birthday. Made reservations, still had to wait half an hour before being seated. Seems like a lot of people were waiting to be seated when we got there, it was a busy Saturday night, but we should have been warned about the wait when making the reservations. Once seating, we had to wait another half an hour for out food order to be taken. 
Pros: Friendly staff.The food was pretty good. I had the chicken parm with paste. Huge servings! The ambiance was great. Had a nice and relaxed dinner with the family. 
Aside from the wait, we had a good time. I would in the future.Loving the calamari and some lobster ravioli. What would I do without Macaroni 's in my neighborhood?!  Great spot, albeit overpriced.Boyfriend surprised me with a Birthday dinner here. It was our very first time eating here and the atmosphere was amazing!!!! Staff was very alert and friendly. Food was good we are not italian so next we go we are definitely asking what they recommend! I want their interior decoratorGreat traditional Italian family restaurant. Great place for an upscale meal and environment that is relaxing. Definitely recommend this oneI have yet to be disappointed. This spot is a hidden gem. It's like going in town without the drive and terrible parking. 
For a special occasion or meeting this is the spot.I recently ate at Macaroni's with my husband to celebrate our anniversary. We absolutely loved our dining experience. It had a great atmosphere, excellent service and delicious food. Portion sizes were perfect. Highly recommended!Great place. Love the food, the bartenders and the servers. The have a nice spot for date night and the P2 bar in the back is perfect for winter and summer . Deff a great addition to the restaurant.Attended a baby shower here. A fun, open, bright space. It was a square high top bar. Unfortunately, some of the older guests weren't able to sit with the rest of us but they had some shorter tables set up for those guests that were not able to sit up at the bar. 
It was open bar for the party guests. The drinks were good and nicely garnished. The appetizer, which was a cheese, meat, and olive plate was good but there was not enough for everyone at the bar. They only had about 5 plates out. The food itself was okay. The best thing was the penne vodka. That was very flavorful and not dry.
Definitely a fun space to throw a party!Prior to heading to dinner, I read the reviews for Macaroni and noted the mixed results.  I was considering taking a pass, but a coworker from another office wanted to try somewhere new, so I rolled the dice.  I am glad I did.
I look at the negative reviews and can't seem to agree with anything that was said:
* Center City prices? I wouldn't say Macaroni was cheap, but prices were in line with the quality and service provided.  We spent about $100 (before tip) on 2 apps, 2 entrees (including the daily special), and 2 desserts.
* Small portions? People know I can eat and I still had to have part of my entree boxed up so I'd have room for dessert.
* It's small inside? So what?  It's not like the tables are small and tight, its just that they don't have that many tables.  I guess that means there might be a wait.  Trust me, its worth it!
Actually, the only con is the lack of a parking.  It is street parking unless you want to park in the shopping center behind it. Not sure if that is technically allowed but I did it and didn't have a problem.I have been in this restaurant twice already. I am very pleased with this place. Food was delicious and drinks were  tasty. The service is excellentThe food was really 4 stars but I take away two stars for the following reasons:
1. This place is WAAAYYYY overpriced.  I for one, do not believe in paying Center City prices in Northeast Philadelphia.  $144 for 2 appetizers, 2 entrees one soup and one salad and get this $11 Stoli Cosmos.  I'm sorry-I didn't realize I was in Rittenhouse Square. 
2. Portions were very small
3. They did not have high chairs for kids.  While I did know I wasn't walking into a Houlihans, my baby is quiet in restaurants and I didn't expect that I would have to sit him in his car seat on top of a chair.  They may as well have had a sign saying "No children allowed"  and had they, I wouldn't have been upset.
on to the food...
Seafood root vegetable bisque-one of the best soups I have eve had
Caesar Salad-I have had better
Mushrooms and Crab meat appetizer-meh
Lobster ravioli-one of the best I have ever had
Tiramisu-outstanding.
I would recommend this place, just be ready to pay big money in a mediocre location.Recently had dinner here with my bf. Very nice inside - clean and great decor! Although we sat in the bar area, I appreciated how separate the dining room was to avoid too loud of an atmosphere during a nice dinner. Our server was very very good at his job. He described the specials so well I wanted them all! Attentive but not overly so. We enjoyed him. 
Nice list of cocktails - I had the pomegranate martini because I love pama liqueur and it was delicious! Very nicely made drink. Complimentary bread with olive oil roasted peppers. Our appetizers came shortly after finishing our bread which is always nice. Panko breaded soft shell crab was a special and the crab was cooked very well, we enjoyed it. The arugula that came with it was much too lemony but it definitely was not a deal breaker. Mostly because we also got the shrimp and crab cocktail - delicious! Nice crab chunks and huge colossal shrimp. 
We ordered another round of drinks after we finished our apps and this was probably the biggest buzz kill of the night - we were almost finished our food before we got them. A huge party came into the bar at the same time so I understand a slight delay... But that was pretty long. I didn't mind too much but we probably would have each had a third drink if it wasn't such a long ticket time. Could use another hand behind the bar. 
The reason we weren't SO bothered about it... The food was incredible. And just large enough portion sizes. We weren't wishing we had more nor were we overly stuffed. I got the special filet. It was cooked perfectly medium rare and was so tender with great flavor. Some yummy creamy sauce with other yummy stuff. Side of mashed potatoes actually blew me away I was pleasantly surprised. So many upscale places get away with jipping you on a delicious side and it's ludicrous. 
Bf had the veal primo and it was an impressive portion. Two large pieces of veal with 3 large shrimp and lots of crabmeat. He was very pleased with it. tried the veal and it was out of this world! We didn't let a bit of our dinner go to waste :)
We split a cannoli to basically keep us busy while drinking the drinks we got At the end of our meal.... All of a sudden I was a little glad we had to stick around because it was heaven!! Nice size with delicious filling and a great shell I can't explain it you just gotta trust me and try it. Chocolate chips and fresh strawberries to top it off!
Overall, definitely worth checking out at least once. I know we will be back for more! Great gem in the area for the high quality :) well done.This has been my second time here and it was just as great. Our server was super helpful and explained so many items on the menu in depth. My husband and I shared the calamari and it was honestly the best we have ever had. It had a lot of spice to it and so much flavor. The bread and peppers they give you before your appetizers come out are just so delicious as well. My husband and I also got two glasses of red wine. No complaints!  
I ordered the chicken parmigiana for my entree. The portion is HUGE and so delicious! The Restaurant itself is a romantic setting and the outback area seems great although I have never eaten out there!We had reservations and were seated right away.  There were 7 of us dining last night and everyone was happy with their meal.  I had the grilled romaine salad to start.  It came with several croutons and sliced cherry tomatoes and a Caesar dressing.  Very tasty.  I took another reviewer's tip and had the cavatelli and crab, which came with huge hunks of delicious crab in a spicy tomato sauce.  Had to take half home.  Others ordered the rack of lamb, salmon, penne vodka, chicken Marsala.  I had one if the lamb chops, very tender and well seasoned.
The waiter started us off with roasted peppers and sliced hearty Italian bread.  We asked for garlic bread and were told it wasn't on the menu, but they would make it for us.  It was excellent, grilled bread with just the right amount of garlic rubbed in.
They have a nice bar with friendly bartenders.The food was absolutely delicious!  Once seated our service was impeccable. The only negative was the wait. We had a reservation through Open Table for 7 pm. We were not seated until 7:40 pm. However, the hostess was very apologetic, saying I'm sorry many times. She asked us if we wanted a glass of water while we were waiting, which was also nice. They told us we could be seated immediately if we wanted to sit at a high top table though we could not do that with my 90 year old father. Everything is a'la carte which made for a pricey meal. We ordered three entrees, two caesar salads, two side dishes, one soda, and one dessert. The bill was over $150. It's a place to dine every once in a blue moon due to the pricing though, again, the food was excellent.This place is literally right around the corner from me. It's nice to have an upscale dinner in the northeast without having to go into the city. Price is reasonable and service is great! This place gets pretty busy on the weekends.I Love everything about this place!! Loved the environment. Food was amazing! Dinned here with a few family members and everyone was thrilled with their first dinning experience here!I ate at Macaroni this past week and all I can say is WOW! 
The food is beyond amazing, the staff is on their game and they're extremely attentive and you can easily tell that the owner is passionate about food and proud of his business.
The appetizers, the pasta course, the Tuna Steak I had for dinner and the Creme Brûlée I had for dessert were all flawless and filled with flavor. I thought the portions were a great size, I even had some leftover to take home! How great is that? Amazing food two days in a row. I love this place. 
I live about an hour and fifteen minutes away and I will definitely be returning to Macaroni. It's worth the drive!!Amazing place ! The best service and food in the area! Great location and place! Would definitely recommend to others !Tremendous food, elegant & clean atmosphere and rhythmic-like system between servers. 
Let me start with one of my two MINOR cons: we called to make a reservation and the woman told me there was no availability except 9:00 PM (it was 4:30, same day, so I didn't expect too many last minute options). Fine, thank you anyway, we will try another day. 
I still had the reviews opened on Yelp so as I went to close the tab, I noticed the website said there was plenty of open options left. I clicked to see if there could be a miscommunication or to simply see if the server had timed out, and it went through for 7:45. Then I even received a confirmation e-mail. Ah, what the heck, we'll find out if it really worked when we get there I guess. We arrived, walked in and gave our party name (mind you, just my boyfriend and I) and were seated right away. Now, I am writing this because there is confusion on the phone versus the website reservations. I was glad to get in and have a great meal, don't get me wrong, just thrown with how the reserving really works and how to avoid any hiccups for the next time, or the next person trying this route. 
Only other toss up is the volume is extremely loud. Loud enough to not able to converse without screaming at one another. Yes, it is Friday night but it is certainly not a club. The bar and the restaurant dining are divided also. 
The menu is exquisite and service was impeccable. Not as personable, but noise level would be the culprit. Our waters were constantly filled and drinks refilled, food came out at reasonable timing and absolutely delectable. Higher prices to be expected, as listed. 
We will be back!Came here with a group and first let me start off by saying: The servers made the experience wonderful. I have a food allergy and the servers truly paid attention to this which I am grateful for their care. The food was delicious and everything was very nice. The only downside was when one of group had to leave early it took quite a bit of time to get their meal to go. However, that's alright I'm more than willing to try and give this place another chance since everything else was very nice. I really look forward to going back.We have been here many times before there reopening this is our first return since and for us it appears that something is wrong.We were very much looking forward to a great meal as always, I ordered my usual, Veal Saltimbocca and my wife had rack of lamb.Disappointing is how I would describe a formally delicious dish,bitter as if the ingredients were off, just not that good Iv'e had this dish at least 5 times. The lamb, tender but lacked any real flavor,no seasoning, there was supposed to be a dimi-glaze that was a few small drizzles,nothing to impressive at all... no wow factor here any more.Well, I don't know what there doing differently but it's not working for us,which really sucks because this was one of our go-to places for a real fine meal.
PS:That post by tlo k. reads like an add for this restaurant..IMOI reserved a dinner for 2 at Macaroni for Saturday night for my friend's birthday. I called ahead and asked that they put a candle on her dessert and write happy birthday. They said no problem at all! When it came time for dessert, the candle and happy birthday didn't happen.  I was disappointed. It's the little things that matter in restaurant business. Also, food was kind of just thrown on the table. 
Service overall was so so. It started out great with one of the owners taking our order (lots of delicious specials), however, during our dinner nobody asked if we needed anything else or if we enjoyed our meal. Not once did anyone come up. The waiters were literally running around. I get that it's a busy place but no attention to detail at this restaurant. 
However, the food was amazing! And the ambiance is nice too.  I'd go back there for the food but not for great service.Good food, but way overpriced. We went for lunch today and spent $200 for 4 adults and 1 toddler! We were the only ones there and service was friendly, but not attentive and slow. I had to ask for a menu after waiting about 10-15 minutes.  Probably won't be going back here again. I would rather go downtown with these prices.This was our first time eating here and it was amazing. The service was great. The people were very friendly and very knowledgeable about the menu items. Everything we ordered from the appetizers to the desserts were delicious. I absolutely recommend this restaurant.What can I say. The boss (my 4 yr old daughter) finishes her plate every time we come here!! Then she polishes off a dessert too. We had an abundance of bread and long hots to go along with our apps. We love this place. $100 including tip and 2 beers for a family of three is a no brainer every time!!My husband and I went to Macaroni's two years ago for our anniversary, and it was tremendous...the best Italian meal I'd had in a long time.  Macaroni's is a bit pricey, so we didn't make it back there until this past winter, and I have to say I was a bit disappointed.  The food was just good.  It wasn't great.  It didn't "wow" me like it did the first time.  I'll probably try it again at some point, as I know other people that love this place.This is by far my favorite restaurant in northeast Philadelphia and one of my favorite restaurants of all time. My wife and I go out to eat on a regular basis and this is the one of the only restaurants in the northeast that could not only succeed but thrive in downtown Philadelphia.
The inside of the venue itself is sleek and modern. The bar area is also great and the new outside area is simply fantastic.
Now, the drinks. The martinis at this place are absolutely phenomenal. I typically get a dirty martini (which is really difficult to screw up but at the same time is also very difficult to say is amazing, but it is amazing here). My wife typically orders a pomegranate martini which she simply loves.
The food itself is excellent. I have never had a meal here that I was not extremely pleased with. The pasta is homemade and I would highly recommend the lobster ravioli. The seafood is great and the filet is the best I have had outside of going to one of the premier steakhouses in center city (Barclay Prime, Butcher and Singer,  Del Friscos etc.).
The only negative about this place is that the service can be slow at times when it gets really crowded and it can get somewhat pricey compared to other places in the northeast, however the quality of food is WELL worth the price and the slow service can be overlooked given all of the other positives (or just ask for Dave as your server and you are good to go).
Can't recommend this place enough for any special occasion or even on a very regular basis if you can afford it.Everything was perfect.
The service is fantastic, the prices are fair and the food is brilliant!
This is fresh hand crafted well seasoned and authentic Italian influenced fare.
The décor is beautiful and the entire experience made us fans.A friend and I went to Macaroni's last night. We ate at the new outside patio bar. It is absolutely  beautiful! I could not believe I was in Northeast Philadelphia! The finishes were so high end. Brazilian Granite bar top, metal cutout bar surround with important family and Philly dates laser cut into the metal and seating for over 100 people! Our bartender Stephanie was attentive and sweet.  We ordered the spinach salad, and roasted peppers and bread for appetizers and split the cavatelli pasta with lump crabmeat. The food was delicious and our bill with two glasses of wine a piece was under $90. A little on the pricy side but I don't go out to eat often so it was worth the splurge. My only complaint was that it was empty! We were the only two people there. I realize that it was a Tuesday night but the weather was beautiful. I just don't think anyone knows about it yet. I can't wait to go back!My boyfriend and I made reservations here for our 1 year anniversary. We made reservations for a Saturday at 7:30pm, 5 days in advance. I have been here before and absolutely loved it. We were seated 15 mins late, ok they were busy. We got seated and ordered. Our food didn't arrive til an hour later. The food was hot and delicious but I noticed we waited around for someone to come to our table after that. My boyfriend even said, "where's our waiter? At Least it's nice he's not bothering us during our romantic dinner." Turns out, we got a different waiter. We ended up waiting to get our check and that point I was fuming! Why do I have to wait 30 mins for you to pick up the check to get out of here? On the way out we asked to see the manager. Turns out there was none and we talked to two waiters about our displeasure. We received NO apology or compensation. We are never going back! Oh and our check was $120.00 for two people.It's a nice little place. I was happy with the Draft selection. Not many places have Vitus on tap.Nothing special... Pretty high prices for the location, and can't cook pasta to save their life.... Took 40 minutes to get our order and pasta came out hard.... Couple minutes later.... Got different pasta order.... Still undercooked..... Italian restaurant that can't make good pasta...... :(This place is a center city restaurant in the northeast! I don't need to drive to the city to get quality food!i love this place.. food is always delicious  and they have a great drink list ...the newer outside addition area is absolutely beautifulAte @ Macaroni's yesterday for a graduation luncheon. Best Italian food I had in a while. Waiters were attentive to our big party. I would definitely eat here again when in NE Philly. Delicious.I wouldn't go out of your way to go here. It's rather expensive and it's nothing to write home about. 
We called to make a reservation and were told we could only fit on the lounge side (there was only three of us). When we got there the place was EMPTY and the lounge was way too loud. Our server also took an odd amount of time to greet us. For nothing going on in the restaurant I'm not really sure what he was doing. 
Everything is ala carte. No soups or salads with your entree... and I'm sorry $20 something for just pasta... you have to serve something with it. 
I decided to try the spinach salad...SNORE. Pass on this. The lobster ravioli was ok. Typical.
There are a ton of wines to pick from IF you buy the bottle...if not you're stuck with a house wine. 
Overall, I think there are better Italian options out there that aren't chains,  are delicious and a great value.My husband and I went here last night for the first time..We both enjoyed the. Excellent food and pleasant service and ambiance of this cozy restaurant .. we would return there again as it is convenient and quite nice...The price is not cheap, but well worth it...
A rare gem that has not been discovered by the masses yet....The food was delicious. Definitely left satisfied. However, charging $2.50 for a drink 'on the rocks' without specifying on the menu or making us aware is not cool in my opinion. We were also charged 12 dollars for a martini that was clearly stated as 10 dollars on the drink list. Would recommend the Quattro Formaggiai pizza and paying close attention to your check for incorrect charges.....I was here with friends, The atmosphere very relaxing. I had Chicken Parmesan it was delicious. Everyone  enjoy their meals.Honestly I didn't know what to expect when I went to Macaroni's.  I had lived in the area for 19 years growing up, and never went there.  I went here today and I have to say, my girlfriend, friend and I had an absolutely wonderful dining experience.  Frankly, shockingly good.
Ambiance: Relaxing and inviting.  I asked out waitress about the place, and she told me that three years ago the owner renovated the place.  The walls are adorned with pictures of the owner's family and with scenes from Italy (family pictures).  The lighting was dimmed but not dark, and the music was contemporary and unobtrusive.  The whole place had a modern feel without losing warmth.  Even the bar was marble.
Service: The wait staff was attentive and pleasant, but not in our face constantly.  Our waitress was ready with recommendations when asked.  Our orders were exactly correct with no problem.  Oh and by the way, without saying a word, the owner helped to bring out our dishes without the incessant questioning that many managers/owners feel adds to the experience but only serves to diminish as you nervously answer "yes my food was good..!"  Wonderful.
Beverages: I do not drink, but the wine selection was solid.  My friend and I ordered espresso and cappuccino.  I have to say, it was some of the best espresso I have ever had.  Bright and crisp with sweet notes, yet also bitter and satisfying.  Outstanding.
Food: In a word, outstanding.  Everything was delicious.  We ordered veal saltimbocca, penne in vodka sauce, and chicken fiorentina.  Everything is sold a la carte, but was delicious.  Flavors were full and fresh, with the taste you would expect from a much pricier restaurant.  Everything tasted fresh, homemade, and made from scratch with real ingredients.  Absolutely unbelievable.  And the pasta!  Obviously homemade.  The macaroni pasta might not have been homemade, but whatever it was it tasted unbelievably delicious (I would assume the top of the line).  Chicken was tender, the veal was perfectly prepared (almost impossible to find), and the sauces were full bodied and flavorful.  The Caesar salad was impressive, with just the right amount of cheese and anchovy incorporated.  The deserts were perfect, with made from scratch ingredients.  I could go on and on and on; even the presentation was breathtaking.  
To sum up: high quality, great ambiance, excellent service, wonderful local restaurant.  Mid to high range pricing, but you know EXACTLY where that price goes with the first bite.  Go, and you'll want to come back as soon as possible.  Well done.This place was awesome!!!!Start with a delicious pomegranate martini, continue with a chef antipasto and  best flavors come along to your palate. All pasta dishes we ordered were so fresh as if the chef took time at the market to get ingredients. Waiters were fantastic too. Must come again !!!!We held a private family event at Macaroni's today. It was fabulous. The staff, service, space and food were just perfect for our luncheon. Thanks!Had an event here, October 4th. Dave waited until the morning of to move the party inside( I really wanted to have it in their beautiful outdoor space). Although the dining area was just as nice. Dave and his staff went above and beyond to make sure we had everything we needed. And they were extremely pleasant to deal with.  The food was amazing! We had salad, penne vodka, chicken parm, florentine and salmon everyone raves about the food! (A special thank you to chef Tom) I couldn't have been more pleased with how everything turned out.Wonderful food and great atmosphere. They just put in a new brick oven pizza and it's delicious. The creme Brûlée cheesecake is amazing!!This was my first visit since the remodel - and the place is beautiful - very loungy and I loved the lighting in the main dining room.  Came here to celebrate my Mom's BD (and she can be super picky), but dinner was delicious.  Yes, it's a pricy menu, but we don't do this every night, but plan on spending city prices.  Mom started with a Caesar Salad, which she said was too peppery, but I tasted it and thought it was really good - she had the veal chop and said it was super tender, my husband ordered the rack of lamb (De-lish) - another good choice, and I ordered the special for the night - a small filet atop lump crab meat in a delicious sauce.  We also had their scallop appetizer along with an Arugula salad with grilled watermelon (what a concept - but very nice).  Drinks were good, and the service was great - I would definitely recommend, and we're planning another visit soon - but we're going to leave the Momma home!Food is outstanding! Atmosphere is great! Outside bar is fun and lively! But...the bartenders. They have a chip on their shoulder. Too many times I've been at the outside bar and they don't even acknowledge your existence. They walk back and forth in front if you without a glance. At least say "hello I'll be with you shortly." They're slow, unfriendly, and have an attitude. And this is when it's not crowded. There have been several times my wife and I thought of going but decided to venture elsewhere because of the bartenders. I'll be back because it's practically in my backyard and the food is good but not as much as we would if the bartenders had a personality and dropped the attitude.I agree with most of these reviews...excellent food, but a few other aspects could use some work. 
The ambiance is pretty romantic and upscale, most unexpected for Bustleton Avenue! I hear there is a lovely patio that I will certainly be back to check out in warmer weather. 
Service was very friendly, if a bit disorganized. We were approached by three different waiters who didn't realize we already had placed an order, but I suppose that's better than the alternative!
Now, the food! We started with the Kobe meatballs which were fantastic. The red sauce here is the best I've ever had at a restaurant, as was the ricotta that the meatballs were served on. For the main event I ordered the gnocchi pomodoro, and I can't recommend this dish enough. It is one of, if not the best, pasta dishes I have ever ordered out. The gnocchi were delicious and made with the same aforementioened high quality ricotta cheese. The pomodoro sauce was perfection.  It was made with chili oil so it was a bit spicy but it added perfectly to the flavor of the dish. My boyfriend got lobster ravioli, and it was probably the best lobster ravioli I've ever tasted. 
One thing that kinda miffed me...no bread! I'm not sure if this was an oversight or standard operating procedure, but, not cool! With all that delicious sauce, one needs bread to enjoy every bit of their dish. 
We would have had dessert, but by 8:30 on a Sunday they had run out of everything but some tart. I'm sure there it was a good tart, but I was hoping for tiramisu or something, so I opted to skip. 
Now my other point of contention is the price points. Methinks $25 for gnocchi pomodoro, no meat or anything, is a bit much. It was delicious, but as a fellow yelper pointed out, this is Bustleton Ave not Center City!
Despite the skewed price points and egregious misappropriation of bread I will definitely be back for more delicious gnocchi!Went here on a whim. The place looks like they converted an old funeral home into a lounge style restaurant. We had no reservation so were seating in the lounge even the place looked empty. My main gripe is that the food is not worth the price tag. They are trying to serve center city trendy food at the prices you would expect in the art district downtown. Well it is not worth it. Much like a Starr place you are paying more for atmosphere here than quality. I mean their dessert are bought frozen. I know this because we ordered one and it was given to us still frozen. We alerted the waitress and she replaced it explaining that there were two and she grabbed the still frozen one. Classy. Oh well I know too many places that serve way better food for the same or cheaper price.My wife and I went here last night for our wedding anniversary.  We have not been here since they renovated the place.  My first impression of the new decor was "wow" the place looks great and is perfect for a nice little romantic dinner without the kids.
The server sat us right away even know we didn't make a reservation.  The waiter was very friendly and shared with us the specials.  We didn't have any of the specials but we shared the mozzarella e carozza and it was delicious.   The tomatoes and cheese were so fresh.  You don't get a large portion but the quality of the food is far superior than any of the chain restaurants.   Our main course consisted of the lobster ravioli and chicken marsala.    The chicken marsala was cooked just right and I like how the chicken wasn't so thick because I like the thin pieces.  I had a bite of my wifes ravioli and it was also appetizing.  For drinks I had a beer and my wife had the chambord sour.  I would defineltly go back to Macaronis again.  It wasn't cheap but the service and food were heavenly.Excellent restaurant with very high quality food, superb service! Center city fine dining experience without the hassle of center city! Well worth the money!This restaurant is EXCELLENT ! A hidden gem in the northeast that I was so glad I found. They have a fully stocked bar and a cute bar area & all of our food was delicious. The one thing that I was disappointed about was that they have an outside area and I forgot to ask about it but we weren't given the option to sit outside (the hostess was not as hospitable as the rest of the staff). I thought it was going to be super pricey but the prices were normal for good Italian food. My boyfriend and I went for our anniversary and we got an appetizer, two entrees, three glasses of wine & desert for just under $100! Our waiter (forget his name) was great and very knowledgeable and professional. The runners were also very friendly and polite. 5 stars for the amazing place. We will most definitely be back!!My second experience there was even better than the first! My first time was a simple dinner with two friends and I had the lobster ravioli which was amazing and so fresh! My second experience consisted of a bday party in which our server was the owner! Such a surprise! I had veal primo this time and it was soooo amazing. The price of the food is worth the quality. If you expect excellence you pay for it!! The service is impeccable. There isn't a negative thing I could say about the food, the staff and my overall experience. One of my new favorite restaurants!! I plan to go back as often as I can! I suggest you check it out for yourself if you appreciate good food.My favorite!!!!!! Love it here. Best food and best service! Can't wait till the summer so we can hang out in P SquareThis place is really beautiful inside and out. It looks like it belongs in center city but it's a beautiful gem in the far northeast. It's lovely for a date or a party - even for a quick bite at the bar after work or for a meeting. 
The menu is nice and offers variety. The fare is the usual Italian with your brick oven pizzas, pasta dishes and grilled meats and seafood. 
We started with the grilled ahi tuna, 2 pieces of tuna just lightly grilled on the outside with a raw fleshy interior. Served with a pepper and mango relish and a cool sauce. 
Wood oven pizza with prosciutto and mozzarella.  Very chewy, crisp on the edges and just salty enough from the meat. 
Our waitress was kind and attentive and the ambience warm and inviting. We dined outside - late around 11pm. It was really nice, again a gem in the northeastPretty good dinner at Macaroni's tonight my only complaint was we ordered a Bibb salad which was romaine lettuce not Bibb and the Oreo cheesecake was not a cheese cake it was a ricotta cake with crushed Oreo topping. For the price of the meal you should get what you ordered or tell me it's a substitution.Greatly enjoyed the food. Wild boar ragout, cabbage potato soup, seared ahi tuna were all excellent. Also enjoyed the salads and chicken florentine. Great bread. Wine and food reasonably priced and portions were generous. Ambiance is a tad loud but nevertheless, a very attractive dining area. Waitstaff friendly and warm.  Only one suggestion--staff could improve their serving skills. Waiters reaching across the table to serve or remove plates is disconcerting. Took 2 or 3 requests to get  water, bread, etc. When observed, the finer elements of waiting tables transform a good evening into a great one. That being said, this alone  is not a reason to stay away. The food was tasty and very nicely presented.  We enjoyed the experience. Will happily return.I forgot to say how wonderful this place is. The peppers are the best I have ever had. Everything I have had here many times has been great. A little pricey but great italianLove this place. Love the setting. Great food and romantic. One the best places in Northeast for dinner. Unfortunately there aren't many.My wife and I ate at Macaroni's Restaurant on Friday night.  Dinner was at 7 pm, and it was fairly empty.  We were seated right away, even though it filled up shortly after.
Service was prompt and attentive, although the waiter failed to describe my wife's fish dish (Chilean Sea Bass) adequately, since it had clams and a seafood broth, which she has an aversion to.  No problem, the clams went to me, and the seafood broth was not objectionable to her.  She enjoyed the fish.  I had the Linguini Umberto, which contained a medley of shell fish in a light red sauce (I chose red because I was drinking a nice Montalcino d'Abruzzo).  It was a fine dish.
All in all, the service and food were quite good (although very pricey), but the experience was not enjoyable because of the noisiness of the restaurant.  The floors are bare wood, and the walls contain nothing to dampen the conversations (on top of which music was playing).  I found myself shouting to my wife across the table, to be heard.  It was a relief to leave the restaurant and the noise behind.  They need to work on that.EASILY the best restaurant in the NE.  The peppers and bread to start with are unbeleivable.  Every dish I have tried has been fantastic and the drinks are splendid. And I have been here probaly 10 times in two years without a hitch.  I cant wait until the outdoor area is finished as to have a great place to go for happy hour or a late night cocktail.  If you are lucky enough to go on a night when they have meatballs, get some for there and to go - you wont regret!!I love coming to Macaroni's, it's a great spot any day of the week (except Mondays they are closed) The outdoor patio P Squared is super chill and there's an addition menu. Inside is fine dining and a lounge//bar area. For large parties they also offer family style dining if planned in advance. The food and service is great across the board!!
For starters you'll get their slow roasted peppers. They're amazing I could eat them all day and I'd be happy. The specials are always unique and flavorful, along with a solid Italian menu you can count on.
The staff is friendly and knowledgeable, be sure to pay attention when they verbally list those specials! Every time I come I try to get something different. Lately I've been on an Autumn salad kick, it's just so good and since it's seasonal I wanna get it while I can! 
This is the kind of place where you definitely want to get dessert, my boyfriend gets the creme brûlée pie every time! I usually stick with the chocolate mousse or sorbet//gelato.Love the atmosphere and friendly service ! Never had a bad meal here.  But was highly disappointed they took my favorite long time appetizer off the menu... sausage beans and spinach!! That's what I look forward to when I visit the restaurant.  Sooo many family and friends go there for this also!! Really hoping they bring it back.    Otherwise my filet was fantastic.Ate dinner here tonight with my sister. Server and wait staff was very attentive and polite. Ordered a Seafood and linguini meal big portions! So good couldn't finish it! Sister ordered chicken florentine! Loved it! Oh for apps we got an eggplant stack super good! Desert was also good cheesecake and tiramisu! Over all great place will def return! Service was good. It's pricy but with Italian u gotta eat well!Absolutely delicious.  Food and service could not have been better.  Old school Italian with a modern feel.this is the best restaurant in philly. doesnt look like much from the outside. but when you step in , youre in another world. EVERYTHING is amazing. always consistent.  the bar area is adorable. i love to sit there and have a great glass of wine while waiting for a table. the service is impeccable. its a real dining experience. 
its sexy. perfect for dates or to impress someone. 
its been too long since ive been there. need to get there asap. but being in the NE its just not convenient for my south philly self. but sooooo worth the trip.Pleasantly surprised. I lived in the Northeast section of Philly for about a year and a half and never came across this place. The decor was nice and atmosphere inside was very relaxed. Our servers during the meal were also very attentive. 
I attended a sit down retirement luncheon here and we were served ceasar salad, chicken parmigiana, beef bolognese, salmon, potatoes, spinach and this delicious creme brulee cheesecake made with gelato. I enjoyed all of the food especially the salad and creme brulee cheesecake. I am not even a huge ceasar salad fan but that dressing was amazing and the cheesecake was phenomenal. 
My only complaint is the getting a drink at the bar in the other room was a bit slow as there was only one bartender with a crowd of about 15 of us. I also believe I was overcharged for my bottle of hard tea. The menu said $4 and I was charged $5. Of course $1 is no big deal but if everyone is charged extra that will add up. 
I would certainly give this place place a try.Food was amazing but the staff made the experience even better! I highly recommend the Veal SaltimboccaOne of the best restaurants in northeast Philly! It's so classy! The service is amazing, the food is delicious(although some entrees are a bit pricey. But they're worth the money). The bar menu is very good too! Love the complimentary roasted peppers! Yum! the bar outside is a gem of its own as well, we always go to after dinner! It feels like you're going to a different place! It's a gem hidden in the Northeast! 
P.S you must try the creme brûlée cheesecake*I....love.....this......place.
Honestly, if I even think about their cavatelli and crab, I salivate. 
I always say this is my favorite restaurant (I HATE when people think it's the chain Macaroni Grill). This is where I choose to come for birthdays, anniversaries, ect. Why? Because the restaurant is beautiful (have a drink outside at the lounge before your reservation), the food is incredible, and the service is always on point. I love that the owner is usually the one to take your order. 
Why on earth would I ever want to drive into center city when this gem is so close? Like I said, The cavatelli and crab is my personal favorite, but there are always amazing fish specials and the filet is incredible (the special with jumbo lump crab is my H's fave). 
I can't leave without mentioning the homemade peppers that come with the bread. I mean....
Go! Now!If it wasn't for the food I wouldn't be back here again . We picked this restaurant for its location and because me and my husband love the food . We went on a Saturday afternoon for our wedding anniversary and from the moment we walked in it was like no one gave us the time of day . They had a private party in the main room so we were shuffled to the bar side ( which wasn't so bad ) the whole time from beginning to end was like pulling teeth to get the server to service our table . I get that private parties are somewhat of a priority but come on even if they acted like they were interested in the money we were spending I wouldn't care . We get through our starters , meal and got dessert . The waiter just kept disappearing and just by his attitude it seemed like he didn't give a crap . He kept apologizing and at the end when he brought us the check he basically said " sorry we have a private party " . Like really I couldn't tell . :/ I'm sorry the money that my husband and I saved for our anniversary wasn't good enough for you .Absolutely FANTASTIC !!! One of the best dining experiences I've ever had . The redone restaurant is amazing ; beautiful bar & cocktail/ dining area  coupled with a romantic / upscale main dining room . The bartenders / mixologists make excellent cocktails .. & .. they can make the classics as well as the newer drinks . The menu was very diverse but the "specials " we're off the chart . People who say this is to pricey ( I believe the term most used is " center city prices " ) are way off base . My wife & I had 2 cocktails a piece , I had an appetizer ( pork belly ... that was out of this world ) , my wife had the day's special salad , I had the fish special ( opah ) prepared almost sushi style ( it was outstanding) , my wife had veal saltimbocca ( she loved it ) , I had 2 glasses of wine & my wife had 1 glass .. & .. we took home a piece of their famous , decadent creme  brûlée' cake & our bill , without tips , was $114 .  If you're looking for an excellent meal , fantastic service , a warm inviting decor & " No Center City Price Gouging " you MUST try MACARONI'S .If you go here be sure to make a reservation- my boyfriend and I didn't on our first attempt and we weren't able to get a seat when we wanted to eat. 
The atmosphere is comfortable and inviting. (Although a bit warm- had the heat on a bit too much for my taste)
We had a 630 reservation and got there early but they sat us anyway. 
The waiter came over right away and was very informative on the menu and answered any questions that we had. 
For an appetizer we got the Eggplant/Mozz stack. It was delicious, I thought the batter could have had a little more seasoning but over all great. 
I decided to order the Chicken Marsala for dinner as well as a peach martini (which was also delicious). 
I've never had chicken marsala before and I'm glad I waited. It was done really well. Chicken was moist and well cooked. Sauce complimented the chicken. 
We are definitely coming back, there are more things I'd love to try on the menu.P Square Lounge - The Servers constantly have to run in & out to the main restaurant leaving the doors ajar. Customers have to keep pulling them closed.  Easy fix that needs to be addressed. Staff, service, food, drinks, & atmosphere are always great!Have been coming to this place for years and have always had a great experience. This was my first time back since they remodeled and the place looks great. I do miss that "I found this secret place that serves great Italian" look though. The food is always wonderful here and the service is always friendly. I will say on this last visit that the chef probably wasn't on his game. The ceasar salad was soggy and had to much dressing and my creme brulee was to cold and had crystals in the custard. Normally two send backs would be cause for alarm but this place has always been good to me so I will give it the benefit of the doubt. Hopefully they get it figured out and they continue to offer great food to an area that has little choices.Went there with my lovely wife for our 36th wedding anniversary tonight. We both had appetizers--she the shrimp and lump crab meat and I the scallops. Both were excellent, though small in portions. I had a garden salad which was also excellent. She had the chicken marsala---she couldn't finis but was excellent, I had the veal saltibocca which was excellent.   Food was great!  Wish it was a little less expensive. They are adding a patio...hope they start a happy hour, I would come for 1/2 price appetizers and reduced drink prices.Macaroni's has just re-opened after being closed for renovations. It now has a larger dining room that is still opened for dinner only, however, they now have a large lounge and bar that is opened for LUNCH at 11am!  The  decor is absolutely beautiful, soothing and romantic. The food is the same as always, phenomenal, no changes there. They have wonderful appetizers, pastas, homemade, of course as well as fresh fish, veal and steak entrees. Pay close attention to their dinner specials, they will always be top notch! The new bar will carry just about any cocktail and wine your heart desires. They have the same staff and owners from before so you need not worry about any changes other than a larger space and more beautified atmosphere. Note*, they now take reservations for dinner so make sure you call or make one on open table.com. Check it out, perfect city feel for authentic italian dining in the northeast.The food is good but.....really pricey. For my husband and I it was about $200. That included apps and entrees and desert. The ambiance is really nice especially out back. In my opinion I think they need to put more space between the tables out back. The servers were really nice and they didn't wait a whole minute to take your empty plate away. Some of the portion sizes of the apps seemed a bit on the small side. Now.....would we go there again? No!I've been here a few times. I have never had a meal that I didn't like. I do feel that they are pricier than I'd like. Lunch offers pizza, which is great! I ordered the Stella, which is pictured below. It had sausage crumbles, arugula, and cherry tomatoes. I would also highly recommend the pasta dishes. All the sauces are light and fresh and the pasta always has a nice al dente bite to it. 
This place is on the smaller side, so I would suggest making reservations to make sure that you don't have a wait.anyone who jus luvs great Italian food must give this place a try, if I want Italian this is the only place I go, I recommend ppl here all the time and they call and say wow that place was great can't wait to go again...  it's a small quite place only about 15 tables and the wait is never over 35 mins but trust me it's very good... so go check it out u won't be disappointed.