I love cheap, Mexican-ish food so I thought Machismo would be a good fit for me. Considering the restaurant presents itself as a burrito bar, the burritos are pretty darn lousy. There is no seasoning in any of the ingredients and the portions of meat they give are pretty meager. Bad quality, too. I always get a quesadilla here and while it is very filling, it's nothing you can't make at home in under 5 minutes. Service is decent and usually pretty quick. I honestly prefer Qdoba/Chipotle which saddens me, as I like to support local business. But this place needs to step it up.Machismo is a nice, little burrito shop located about right in the
center of Main Street, Manayunk - Philadelphia. The thing that
differentiates Machismo from the "chain" burrito restaurants, is that
they offer a wider range of ingredients and combinations to choose
from. You can choose from something like 1 of 5 flavored wraps, 2
types of rice, several kinds of protein, as well as other toppings you
won't find in many other places (mushrooms, fresh jalapenos, olives).
They have a pretty decent selection of hot sauces to choose from (I
think it was "Pyromania" that was one of my favorites).
They also have freshly baked cookies, which are soft and delicious (I
know because I had them straight out of the oven the one time I went).
The last time I was there, I got a chicken burrito, with fountain
beverage and large soft cookie (about the size of your hand) and I
think the bill was around $10-$11.
Bottom line:  Machismo offers high quality, fresh ingredients which
are completely customizable, but probably ends up being a little bit
more expensive than going to Chipotle or Q'doba. Also, they offer a
frequent-burrito buyer card, where after you buy so many burritos, you
get one free. Something that large burrito chains will unlikely ever
offer.Outstanding as always.  This is a great locally owned and operated Burrito Bar in Manayunk that should be a staple of every food lovers meals.  Its a nice LOCAL home grown option for the fans of the multiple other Mexican chain locations.
I make it a point to stop by for either 3 tacos or a burrito whenever I pass near Manayunk for work or pleasure.  Everyone I turn onto this place says the same thing (also their T-shirt quote) when they see the burrito... "Its SOOOO Big!" (yes yes, that's what she said) but it is true.  They are a mouthful of fresh delicious ingredients.
I highly encourage anyone who likes good food to grab a burrito and you will be sold.  Support these local businesses so that we can continue to have them around our great food city!!!This is a solid 4-star burrito place; good food and fair prices.
I agree with Emilia in that having yellow rice on the menu is a big plus!  In fact, there's a bunch of things on the menu that really peaked my interest.  They have tons of toppings for your burrito's and they even have Boca burger meat!  But there was something missing and because I can't put my finger on it, I felt obliged to leave 4-stars instead of 3...
Let's face it, our generation is full of "foodies" and we're only getting snobbier.  The normal pizza place (unless notorious for a simple slice) really doesn't cut it anymore.  We want something different, something we haven't tried before.  I once had a roast pork sandwich marinated in root beer!  That's the kind of different I'm talking about and that's what Machismo Burrito Bar is missing.  They have lots of toppings to choose from and even a few different tortillas, but their menu of à la carte items was bland.  I'd much rather prefer trying their spin on a burrito versus what I know I like.  Isn't that what trying new food is all about, straying from the norm?  If they had a list of, let's say, the staff's favorite burrito's, I'd be more inclined to take the risk and try something like that.
If you're looking for simple Mexican food, this is a good place in Manayunk.great burritos, a little too big, but you got your $$ worth. there are a few things that could be better to get the 5 stars- spread the quacamole more on the burrito when making it and have the hot sauce bar easier to use. there should be chips to taste test the dif. hot sauces, how do you know what you want.? 
But so good, i'll be back!I came.  I ate. I conquered. The gringo Gordo that is. Yep a 5 lb burrito in 40 minutes. And it was delicious. The meat is fresh and tender, the saffron rice nicely seasoned, and the beans flavorful. If you aren't feeling gluttonous the $5.95 standards are a great deal. They offer more options than Chipotle or qdoba and you get to pick your tortilla flavor too. Owner is very friendly and knows the regulars (there are a lot of them and for good reason). This isn't a typical chain with pre made burritos. Everything is created to order and fresh.  And if you like hot sauce there is an ample supply and good variety.  They also have punch cards and daily specials.  Definitely stop by.I was sitting at home one night, it was around midnight, and I wanted a burrito...badly... Machismo was the only place in my vicinity that was open.  I ventured in, the workers quickly asked me what I needed and upon finding out I had never been there they told me how things went. That explanation was not actually necessary, however that late at night in that area I can see why they'd be used to explaining stuff a lot! ( read : drunk people ) ...h
anyway I'm a fan of the different tortilla flavors .. I got the spinach, and their garlic lime hot sauce is amazing. However the actual sustenance, the burrito was mediocre at best... I had to drown mine in hot sauce in order to really taste anything. I did enjoy the saffron rice though, and they also have brown rice as an option!!
I'd venture back here, ONLY when I get that yearning for a burrito and nothing else nearby is open.Great burritos and pretty big too so bring an appetite. I usually get the three taco deal because it is more manageable and just as delicious. I usually get chicken and it is good, but sometimes the flavor is too 'watery' so I wish there was more of a spice and flavor to it. My fiance has had the quesadilla as well and loved that, but barely finished it all. All in all, it is a great place for a lot of food at great prices and I've been pretty happy with the food most of the time. I love that they have saffron rice as an option. The atmosphere is okay, but there are a few seats outside so you can enjoy Manayunk's main street and people watch.This is the one of the best places to go when you're starving but still require great quality food. The deliciously huge burritos are over-stuffed full of fresh goodies that you custom select, from the wrap to the meat (or not) to the rice, beans and veggies. The staff is always patient while you pick out exactly what you want on your burrito from their multitude of toppings. There are enough variety of hot sauces for every taste preference, and of course, corresponding free drink refills.We were so excited that they now delivered and were looking forward to ordering in a ton of food on a rainy night. But when calling and being put on hold TWICE for over 8 minutes each time and then being disconnected, we said no thanks.
Apparently, they just didn't need or want our business or money tonight.
As someone who works in customer service, this experience was hugely disappointing.Yes you too for only $6+ can construct a giant burrito  with your choice of fixin's. Once said burrito of massive proportions is handed off to you, you may then adorn it with one of their many hot sauces or just dive right in. When you get about 1/2 way through you will be super stuffed and question your addition of so many goodies as the last 1/2 stairs back up at you.
Good stuff.This place is definitely a winner!
I love that they have yellow rice for the burritos, that definitely added a new element to my burrito. 
Another plus, the people are friendly and they don't charge an arm and a leg. Plus the veggies, sauces and meats are MUCH fresher then Qdoba! 
Definitely a must try!I liked eating at Machismo. They have a variety you can chose from. For example, you start out picking your entrée (tacos, burritos, nachos quesedias, burrito bowl) then you pick your tortilla (flour, jalapeno cheddar, spinach, tomato) Then you have Rice and Beans. They have Black Beans and Pinto. Rice they have Saffron (which they didn't have that day) but that was fine & they have brown rice. Then you chose your meat (Steak, Chicken, Pork, Fish,Ground Beef or just Veggies) I ordered a Burrito with Flour Tortilla, the fish was Tilapia, it was very good and it's baked ;)  with shredded cheese and shredded lettuce, black beans and brown rice. I was very happy with my meal. They also have chips with (salsa, queso and guacamole) The place inside looks reasonable for Mexican restaurant. Its not expensive as well. I'd have to say I think Machismo is better than Chipolite (crazzy but true) ;)Pros:
- Thick pieces of chicken in quesadilla
- Convenient pick-up and ordering
Cons:
- Burnt quesadilla
- No salsa
- One type of hot sauce availableI really like this place - they have a huge selection and I like that you get to tell them exactly what you want. They have great healthy options (brown rice, wheat tortillas) and then gooey cheesy options as well. The chicken was well-seasoned and good quality. My only complaint was that something wasn't washed well - either the spinach or cilantro I think. I kept chewing something gritty, like sand. I will go back, but hopefully they wash their veggies better next time!I have to agree with Food Hound on this one. Service wasn't awful, but the burrito was. I went with some friends who also know the joy of what a true Mission-style burrito tastes like. Maybe Machismo isn't going for that, as indicated by saffron rice and flavored tortillas, which really belong in the wrap category. Anyway, it got thumbs down all around. 
Even if you're not a purist like me, the nickel-and-diming approach (charging for various ingredients) is annoying as hell. What you got for the money didn't mesh. Steer clear!I was pretty disappointed with this place.  We went about a year ago.  I was expecting a qdoba/chipotle-like delicious burrito, or maybe even better since this is a local business instead of a chain.  But overall, the service and food were sub-par.  I've been going to chipotle instead ever since trying Machismo.  We ordered online, only to arrive and find out that they don't check the online ordering thing and hadn't received our order.  So I reordered and waited for them to make it.  They were out of quite a few ingredients, including some tortilla flavors, queso, and several types of salsa, at dinnertime on a Friday.  The guys working seemed annoyed at me for asking for the ingredients from the menu.  Once we finally got our food and left, it was pretty bland.  It was edible, but disappointing.I made it back to Machismo Burrito Bar...the reason being that I received a nicely written letter from someone who was looking out for the restaurant. It made me think twice about my harsh review.
So, I decided to try it out again. This time, I ordered tacos instead of a burrito, and I was much happier. Ordering tacos allowed me to try out three different meat options, all of which were fairly good. Adding guacamole to one of the tacos turned out to be a good idea since it's not that flavorful. Just to remedy an error of my last review, the guacamole is fresh (albeit vacuum sealed in a plastic bag) and is less than a dollar to add. Luckily the menu was much easier to read on my second trip...
All in all, Machismo's is an okay place to go. I suggest the tacos...Basically the exact same as chipolte.. just not as good. They run alot of specials so thats pretty much the only reason i go in, probably wouldnt go back without the deals
ps, i know its hard to control, but the staff usually isnt all that friendly, at least at chipolte the staff is super nice.The fourth star is because I had been drinking, I was starving, and this was the only place open, so ultimately my appetite was satisfied that night.  Otherwise these are really plain burritos, not as big as I had hoped, and a little on the pricey side considering how basic it is.Customize your own burrito...or if you hang out with a anti-wheat boy, throw away the wrap and have your own burrito salad!  So very delish!  
Also a plus...they never complain when 12 of us saunter in after an exam and chow down like no one's business. They even fill out the frequent customer card and let us use a free burrito as winnings for who can eat the spiciest sauce. 
AND they deliver. Perfect.Nice place!
Excellent burritos, and the veggie quesadilla is to die for. A large variety of flavors in the tortilla section, and their guac is especially good. Will visit again when I am in Manayunk.random stop in this place
cool selection of tortiallas
and choices of protein
everything is simple and fresh and good old tex-mex
hot sauces on side are whats up!!Just not impressed. Mikayla Moroney's head would explode in this joint.
Used the online ordering for pickup. Gave them more than the allotted time before we even left to go pick up the burritos. Got there and they didn't even realize we'd ordered, so we waited. After we picked up the food and got home. The chicken was bland and had to be drowned in hot sauce before I could eat it. It was a big burrito, but it wasn't good. Just everything about it seemed off. The rice, the hot sauce, the meat. Just need to rethink their burritos, though I really hope that it was just this one that got messed up.
I've gotten several coupons from them since ordering the first time. But I won't be returning. It's just as long of a trip to Chipotle, so I'll be taking my business there.Machismo is a "nacho and burrito" bar. Don't go expecting Mexican influences sides with your meal. I think this place is more for the passer-by or day walker in Manayunk. That being said, their ingredients are all always fresh and they cook and prepare all meat in house. It looks like some people don't appreciate the "nickel and diming" approach to guacamole (which is the only condiment they charge extra for) but it is prepared in house and is always very fresh. 
My favorite part about it is the wall of hot sauce. Love or hate hot sauce, this is the place for real chilie-heads. Everything from Daves Insanity to Blairs extracts and my personal favorite: Endorphin Rush.
With choices of flavored tortillas, saffron rice, and hundreds of combinations, Machismo accomplishes what it set out to be. Though burrito and Mexican food purists might disagree. 
My usual is Flour Tortilla, Saffron Rice, Chicken, Black Beans, sour cream and guac topped off with hot sauce in every bite. This place rocks. 
I did take off one star since after a big rush, some of the tables are not cleaned promptly. I have noticed this a few times but its rarely a big deal.Sorry Machismo ... I wanted to like you.
With your breadth and selection of toppings ... I wanted to like you.
With my love for all things related to burritos ... I wanted to like you.
With your proximity to my house ... I wanted to like you.
With the size of burrito I received ... I wanted to like you.
With the kind customer service ... I wanted to like you.
But I didn't like you.  You were kinda tasteless and disappointing.
The search for Mexican food on the east coast that doesn't suck continues...Another food spot I'm sad to see go :( I always liked eating at Machismo. Friendly staff and a nice, casual atmosphere. The burritos were always STUFFED to the point of explosion. Although, I don't think I'll forget the night we spotted a little Disney friend scurrying across the floor. It is Main Street Manayunk so I'm sure things like that aren't uncommon. Just not something you see in the front of the house too often.It was aiite... nothing too amazing.
Have had better mexican food at Qdoba and so on
The chicken lacked flavor... If I wanted to douse my food with hot sauce for flavor I would have gone to tacobellI enjoy burritos, but I don't much care for the limited options offered at larger chains.  I always feel like I can experiment, and try bigger/better burritos at Machismo.  Plus, their chips and queso/guac is phenonmenal.
It's a bit pricy, but without the subsidy of a chain, what did you expect?  Plus, it's a local, small business, so I can feel good supporting the community.
I've met the owner several times (he's behind the counter, making the burritos on occasion) and he actually remembers me personally and isn't afraid to chat it up.
If you're looking for a friendly staff, wide selection, and a nice change of pace from the chains, I can't think of a better burrito bar.  
Only major con is that the seating is limited, but there have been plenty of times I couldn't find a seat at Chipotle either.A standard burrito bar. I'd rank it on par with Chipotle. I wouldn't go out of my way to go back, but, since it is one of the more affordable restaurants in Manayunk, I'd stop in again for a quick bite.Yum!  I finally got around to getting the carnitas burrito and was very happy with it. I had it with the saffron rice, pinto beans, cheese, guacamole, sour cream, onions, corn, and BBQ sauce. It was huge and the flavors meshed together quite well. All for just $5.78. I'll be back tomorrow to try the barbacoa. The carnita itself was very tender but a little bland. Not to worry though because the other ingredients and sauces definitely help to rectify that.This place is great. Tons of options, delicious food, friendly staff, all the hot sauces you could ask for, not to mention great email club coupons and frequent diner cards.
The location is awesome, right on Main Street. I usually walk down there once or twice a week. I always am greeted with a smile, and the manager (owner?) always comes out to the dining room to chat with customers or outside to give my dogs some water.
I usually stick to the chicken burrito, flour tortilla, saffron rice, black beans, pico, hot salsa, sour cream, and a little shredded cheddar... I don't change it up too much. My vegetarian girlfriend, however, always gets some different combination and loves the variety.
I urge anyone who's had a bad experience to give this place another chance. It may not be the most "Mexican" Mexican eatery, but it's certainly better than the mainstream places like chipotle and qdoba.
I'll continue to go back for my weekly fix.It's been several months since I've ordered from Machismo...and I've always raved about it. Fresh, hot, tasty, reasonably priced. But not tonight!  I spit a good portion of my meal out! Hard rice, lumps of fat and cold meat...pretty gross. It's a shame...I have recently been on a burrito kick so during my last trip to Manayunk I decided to check this place out. I was severely disappointed, maybe it is because I have been living in Texas for the past year and I have become a Mexican snob, but I am pretty sure the food was lackluster. 
They were running low/out of many ingredients and everything was just kind of bland that they did have. One positive was that they had numerous wrap flavors, which I thought was pretty cool. 
I don't think I will be heading back...Ordered for take out this Sunday and got ourselves a steak burrito and 3 tacos.  We walked in expecting a dine in atmosphere, but it looked like most of their patrons prefer take out or outdoor seating.
We chose the jalapeno cheddar wrap steak burrito and loaded it up with brown rice, pinto beans, spicy salsa, cilantro, a little tomato and lettuce.  We chose to go the chicken route with the soft tacos and in it went yellow rice, black beans, spicy salsa, and cilantro.  It reminded me of a line buffet, and the preppers were up to code wearing gloves and using food service foil to line the food.  
We took the food home so we could enjoy it with fresh sour cream and Tabasco habanero, not forgetting to mention the microbrews we had in the fridge.  
At first glance, the burrito looked intimidating, but after cutting and splitting it in half, it became more manageable.  The seasonings were just right, but i personally prefer the overpowering pungency of more poblano or chilli seasoning to my meats, especially in a burrito; besides, that's what the sour cream is for- to calm the buds.
The beans were cooked just right, not too soft and not al dente; they weren't refried which is better for consistency or texture and healthier for you.  The rice was cooked right, it wasn't greasy at all, and had a nice flavor.  Although a wee bit on the dry side, it wasn't anything that the other condiments couldn't fix.
Both meats were good, I would love in the future to see a grilled meat selection instead of meat soaking in a seasoned broth, I expect this is to keep the meat from drying out and keeping it flavorful.
It's nice to see a burrito place in the midst of all the establishments on main street, and with the exception of being overcharged a dollar, everything went as expected.  We didn't bother going back in to correct the mistake, especially since we weren't offered a receipt.  We ordered 1 burrito and 3 tacos, but the total came up to be 14.05 for some reason.
I still give the place a 3.2 to 3.5 for being different, fun and flavorful.  It was also quick and easy to order from, and you can really load up on some other condiments for a huge filling meal.Burrito lovers, this place is for you.  I've been going to Machismo for a few years now and have not had a bad experience so far.  As a burrito connoisseur, I have to give Machismo the edge.  A lot of the big chains like Qdoba and Chipolte don't always have great meats.  Machismo is always on point with their meats, and it should be since this is the cornerstone of a good burrito.
Great selection of tortillas, I recommend the Jalapeño Cheddar wrap.  Toppings are pretty standard, and they DO have queso, which is a plus.
Check it out.An ok burrito. The place offers a bunch of tortilla types. A bit pricey as you can get similar quality from Q'doba. If I were in the area I'd eat there again.I'm still not quite sure how I feel about this place. Delivery took an hour, which I'm a little displeased about since they are very close to work, but, the delivery person was so very sweet! Made me forget how crotchety I was feeling about the late food. Speaking of the food - this is not Mexican. It's not truly awful, per se, but it isn't Mexican. Now I may not be Latina, but dammit! I KNOW my Mexican! I live off of Mexican and if you are going to tout yourself as a purveyor of Mexican food then, my God! At least make your own tortilla chips! Don't pee on my Fritos and tell me it's raining! I mean...Frito chips just won't cut it when it takes less than a minute to make delicious, quality tortilla chips. Also, Uncle Ben's doesn't count as Mexican Rice and Kraft Bag O' Cheese doesn't cut it, my friends. I would give them another shot, probably. The food isn't atrocious, hence the 2 stars. It could be WORLDS better though with just a little care.I make it a point to stop in every time I'm in Manayunk.  The burritos and tacos are made with fresh ingredients, are extremely large (and filling) and offer a lot of variety.  Queso makes a good dip for chips to take home with you and the Guac is smooth, flavorful with a nice lime that isn't overpowering.  Hate bland guac...  I'm trying to build up the appetite to be able to tackle the 5lb. "El Gringo Gordo"
I've gone through 3 punch cards (10 burritos and get a free one!) And love double punch Tuesday.
I find them superior to Chipotle, and its always good to support locally owned businesses.Almost every time I'm in Manayunk (not that often) I try to get a meal here. It's very refreshing to have so many options for a burrito (especially if you're veggie). The tortilla variety alone was impressive! Don't have much else to say...It's a burrito place with a very limited menu. They're great for what they are.Not bad. I mean, a burrito is a burrito. The ingredients they use dont look as fresh as some of their competitors (chipotle).... but I can't fully complain.
Over all good meal and friendly workers :)I like Machismo. I really do. But I don't love it. And I don't think I ever will. It's great and convenient for a quick take out dinner and the portions are huge for the price so I always feel like I'm getting a great deal. I also like how they have so many options: burrito, quesadilla, tacos, bowl, 3+ types of meet, bean options, rice options, cheese options, a ton of different veggies... you get the picture. It's always tasty, but sometimes I feel like the goods have been sitting out too long and get a bit dried out. When push comes to shove I think Chipotle is better, but 9 times out of 10 I pick Machismo because I can walk there. I can sum it up saying good, affordable and convenient. A solid spot for quick takeout.Machismo is alright.  I didn't really find it anything special.  You have to go out of your way to go there (and on Main St. Manayunk, there isn't exactly convenience involved), and their burritos are mediocre.  I do like that they seem to use "fresher" or more unique/healthy ingredients than your average Chipotle or Qdoba, but there is no advantage in flavor.  Pricing is about equivalent to Chipotle as well.
One thing they seem to market is their different flavored tortillas.  Nice, but for a delicious burrito, this is not a necessity.  Maybe compensating?  Not entirely sure.  My first time there, I got their tomato tortilla, which was pretty good.  The second time, I got their chipotle tortilla; also good, but definitely had a little more kick than I was expecting.  But definitely good if you want some extra spice.
I really judge a good restaurant with Mexican flare by their guacamole.  Another mark Machismo did not quite meet for me.  I may have high expectations for guacamole, but I would take Chipotle's guac anyday over Machismo's.  It was quite bland and relatively flavorless.  Or maybe it was just overpowered by the chipotle tortilla.  I can't say for sure.
Moving aside from the food, the atmosphere was less than appealing.  It looks like they just hollowed out a store front, slapped up a couple shelves, a few cheap tables and chairs, a picture or two on the wall, and called it a day.  If you want to get a burrito here, take it to go as sitting there is less than relaxing.  I'm also not the biggest fan of the fact that it seems they store all of their extra supplies (bottles of soda, bags of chips, etc.) on shelves in the front of the restaurant, near the tables, which I thought was quite odd.
I had wanted to try Machismo for a long time; now that I have, I've gotten that out of my system and think it unlikely I'd go back unless I have a reason to.  I'll stick to Chipotle or Qdoba on City Line Ave. - I like the burritos better, and they're much more convenient for me.Chipotle or Qdobas anyone? Being a California native, I feel like I have a pretty good grasp of Americanized Mexican food. Machismo's burritos were disappointing to say the least. I understand that not everyone feels the same way as I do about this place, but once I saw them pouring packaged guacamole (which is an extra $2.50???) into the container I was hoping the taste of my burrito would help me forget. However, my experience didn't get any better which means I probably won't go again.I had heard lots and lots of good reviews from friends about this place.  So, I figured I had to give it a try.  With all that hype and great expectation built up, this wasn't really that great and downright forgetful.
But, I'd give them another try and wouldn't not recommend it to anyone.Being from San Diego, I have high standards.  I'd put this place at the top of restaurants like Chipotle, Qdoba etc. that are quasi-authentic.  Very fresh food, and you can park your bike inside.  Owner is a nice guy, and the boca burrito is a nice touch.  I get a burrito here whenever I'm in the area.nope. I had come here once before, and I guess I was blinded with hunger, but I remembered having an excellent burrito bowl. Second time around. NOPE nope nope nope. the rice was dry, the chicken wasn't seasoned and was dry as well. the cilantro was wilted, the guac was meh. the roomie is a vegetarian, and they didn't have any options besides beans for veggies. No sauteed peppers and onions, no fajita sides, no tofu or anything, just if you don't eat meat, you just get beans and toppings, which i was surprised and disappointed by.  over all, its 7 bucks, but i could have made a way tastier lunch at home for less, or just gone to a real mexican place and gotten some tacos for half the cost and 9 times the flavor. They did have a variety of hot sauce, so that was nice, but besides that, food was blah. 
the interior had 3 tables, and only 4 chairs or so, the rest were stacked willy nilly on the side lines, the shelves were half empty or had the excess drinks to be stocked, and it just looked empty and neglected, which if my experience with the food was normal, then i totally understand why they don't need a functional seating area. NOT coming back. Generic, sub par, cheap, flavorless (unless you count the hot sauce, which isn't theirs to begin with).The ingredients are super  fresh and you can always get more than meal out of a single burrito.  The prices are about what you would expect, about $7.  They are one of the few places where they *always* get pork cooked correctly.  Many other places overcook the meat but they never do.  I always recommend take out.  The place itself is nice but not a lot of ambiance.Even tho their name is BURRITO... I love the TACOS... great price and always good!  I like supporting locally owned businesses too.  I took my 7 yr old daughter in the other day and she ordered chicken casadias... the owner was there and asked her how much cheese she wanted... well you know the rest... it was mostly cheese haha...Free pork with every vegetarian burrito!
I haven't eaten meat in more than 10 years, so Mexican is one of the ethnic foods that I love!  I tried this place for the first time last week for lunch.  Their 'veggie' burritos basically don't have any veggies - no zucchini, carrots, etc.  Instead, it's basically beans and rice and if you choose, some raw spinach, salsa, guac, etc.
However, when I was about 75% done with my burrito, I looked down (was chatting with a friend) and saw big chunk of pork!  I almost yakked (yelped?) up the rest of my burrito.  I informed Jonah, a mgr who didn't have much to say except to offer me a new one.  Besides my appetite being LONG gone, Machismo clearly has a contamination issue with the meat and beans being right next to each other.  I felt sick for the rest of the day and couldn't eat dinner, so I might have eaten some meat.  Poor piggy :-(
This is my first and last time at Machismo.I visited Machismo with friends around two AM on a Saturday night looking for a food option that was open and not located in a bar. I got a chicken burrito with the saffron rice. I was quite disappointed with the quality of the food-- we had to put a lot of hot sauce on the chicken, beans and rice to make them more flavorful, and the rice was not cooked long enough, i.e. the rice was uncooked, crunchy and made me afraid that I would break a tooth. The amount of cheese, rice and beans, as well as the other toppings were reasonable and the burrito was not overstuffed as result, which made eating the thing much easier. In addition, the place was pretty clean (it didn't skeeve me out, that is).
While we had a great time because our entire group ended up meeting here, I can't say that I want to go here sober and in the daylight hours. We enjoyed ourselves-- we needed food to get us home, and Machismo provided that-- cheaply, too. But the overall quality of the ingredients and preparation is not something I look for in regular lunch or dinner hours.My favorite burrito. Enough said. 
They never skimp on the amounts and typically my burrito can barely be rolled close. The guac and salsa are freshly made daily! 
The selection of hot sauces is mind blowing! Never seen so many in my life. It's borderline ridiculous! Ask the staff to add your selection to your burrito before they roll it up. 
Also my favorite 2:00am eating joint!
My order...
jalepeno cheddar wrap
chicken
saffron rice
black beans
enchilata sauce
chipotle queso
    *  Jack-Cheddar Cheese
    * Romaine Lettuce
    * Green Bell Pepper
    * Sour Cream
    * Black Olives
    * Yellow Corn
    * Sliced Jalapeno
    * Lime Squeeze
    * Hot SalsaYUMO! the food here is really good....a lot better than johnny mananas! they let you pick whatever you want, and it's all delicious, i swear.I live a couple blocks away and have been to this place about 20 times in the last couple of years since I have lived in Manayunk.  I have not been happy the last 5 times I have been and will no longer be giving this place any of my business. Last night was the icing on the cake.  There seems to be ZERO management running or supervising anything that goes on here.  It seems to be young college kids running the place which is fine but without keeping them in check your business is hurting.  Overall this place has just gone downhill over this last year.  There is no organization, the place seems to just be dirty.  You can see a pile of dirty gloves and trash on the back table where they prep food on when you are ordering.  I was told upon entering at 8:25pm that I had to make it quick since they were closing soon.  I was taking a to-go order and they close at 9pm!  What a great start, made me feel really welcome! Second, all the meat seemed to be dried out, they were out of salsa and guac!! The guy who made my burrito toasted the tortilla so long that when I took it home the whole thing crumbled and all the toppings came out on my kitchen table! WHAT FUN! If I had the energy I would have driven back and complained but this place isnt even worth my time. PLEASE SHAPE UP THIS PLACE, its a shame!Been meaning to go here for a while and I finally got to try it out the other day. It can get busy and getting a table or the wait in line might take a while. The staff is helpful and friendly. I love Mexican food and am somewhat of a snob. It's hard to find really good Mexican here in Philly. The food is ok/good. Not amazing nor bad. Just average. Go here for an easy and cheap eat. You definatly won't leave hungry.Whoa!  Big freakin' burritos!  
They are seriously huge stuffed pillows of goodness!  Step one: pick your tortilla....chipolte, wheat, spinach, jalapeno cheddar, flour, and tomato. Step two: would you like chicken, beef, pork, rice or beans?  Step three:  salsa's and queso's galore! And finally, step four: toppings to finish off a fabulous burrito.  Endless combinations abound!
All ingredients seem to be fresh and burritos are prepared to order so no soggy, bottom of the tray burrito for you!
Seems to edge out Chipolte and definitely a HUGE step over Baja Fresh.
 This place must make a killing when all of the bars let out at 2:00am.... :)I just ordered burritos tonight after wanting to give Machismo another chance since my last visit was incredibly disappointing. Unfortunately, I should've trusted my gut and went to Chipotle to enjoy a burrito that actually has some taste. Not only did they forget the salsa, but they were incredibly skimpy with the extras. It was mostly a burrito filled with brown rice and a few beans. The guacamole is obviously not handmade and tastes worse than the bland bags you can buy at the grocery store. I really want to like their food because it's convenient that they deliver and are so close to my apartment, but I can say with certainty that I'll never be going there again.This review is more for the service than the food. I went in here because with my promo code for Level Up, I would've gotten my burrito for nearly free. I ordered my food and went to pay and said, "I'm a student" and pulled out my student ID (they give a 10% discount for students). The cashier responded, "Sorry our registers are down, can't give you a discount today." So I said "Alright well is Level Up working?" He responded "Nope, that's down too. We're basically running on a calculator right now." He didn't seem particular apologetic, and if he had a calculator, why couldn't he just subtract the 10%? You know, $6.50 x .9 = $5.85 x 1.07 (tax) = 6.26. Doesn't take rocket science!
As far as the food goes, it was good. As I said before, I like their large selection of veggies and shells. They have a lot of healthy options, which is great.I just ate lunch here and I love the fact that they have a plethora of health-conscious options.. including whole wheat tortillas and brown rice. I got a veggie salad and for 6 bucks it was insanely big and filling... the portion of guac was very generous and I LOVED the selection of hot sauces.
Also, the staff was super friendly.I don't know why I went back...but I did. I was hoping it was better, and I could finally get a free burrito with my 'frequent burrito card' I've held onto forever. I will now, officially, never be back. I would rather go to the Manayunk Diner...that's how bad the food is...and that place is terrible.
Example of the bad burritos? I got a chicken burrito. I think the guy who made it hated his life...but it's the quality of the food that was truly awful. The chicken was grisly and overspiced (chewy fat), the rice wasn't cooked long enough - so it was crunchy in my burrito - and when I ordered 'chips' on the side...they took about 15 minutes to come out, because he said he was 'making them.' Turns out, 'making them' meant getting them out of a bag in the back - not 'home making' them...as I had assumed. It wasn't that they were busy, it's that he was just standing there, staring.
Chipotle, a chain place, is far better...maybe because they actually control their quality. I will go there next time because it's not that far away. 
I will never, ever be back. It was simply nauseating. I asked myself, 'how bad could it be?' Turns out, even I was surprised. When this place originally opened, it was fantastic...it has only gone further and further downhill. Likely supported by drunk college kids who dont' know what the heck they're eating....but let's not even call this mexican food.Queso, queso & more queso!  YUM!  This place rocks!  Try to split a burrito with someone (if you can agree on toppings) so you can try the chips and dips available.  My fav?  The chipotle wrap with beef, saffron rice, white queso, corn, pinto beans, sour cream, guac, hot sauce, lime juice etc.  They have so many fresh toppings to choose from including fresh salsas, guac, onions, mushrooms, peppers and other veggies.  They have multiple varieties of wraps and quesos (check out the selection online!).  This is the best burrito in the area - and they don't skimp on anything!  They also have the best chips and queso I've found since Moe's left the Andorra shopping complex (where there's actually another Machismo location now also).  Definitely stop in and try one of their delicious burritos and some chips - hey - you can always save the 2nd half for later!  Enjoy!A la carte makes for a great custom burrito. Very fresh. Friendly service and easy on the wallet. Check out the new fish tacos - wow!!TONS of options, some of which you wouldn't expect for a burrito (sprouts & spinach? they work, try it!) - from a half dozen or so tortilla flavors to the huge hot sauce selection, and everything that goes in between. 
its a fast food burrito chain minus the chain, keep your lunch money local and choose machismo for all your giant burrito needs.wide array of choices for basically everything from tortillas to different sorts of meats and such. Even have boca as an option for the vegetarians out there. Numerous salsas and sauces were very nice and also had numerous hot sauces...overall a good burrito with many optionsThere is nothing Machismo about this place.  In my search for the true California burrito on the east coast this place falls directly to the bottom.  Poor service, skimpy topping, and extra charges for just about everything has definitely convinced me to never go back.
Thanks for calling me a douche too!  I'm sure that really makes people want to go to this restaurant, mean customers = mean staff and poor food.Just another burrito joint. Although the do have a few extras that the big guys don't have (ie Boca and saffron rice), the other ingredients dent seem to have the wide range of flavors I've come to expect of burrito joints as of late. I got the impression that a lot of their stuff is right from the Sysco truck. Portion sizes were huge, but prices reasonable. Late night hours definitely a plus for those college students looking for a late night snack.I like having options. And this place gives me that. They have a variety of tortillas wrappers (chipotle, sundried tomatoes, and spinach to name a few). Once they're done piling on all your requests and roll the burrito.... the product is like a little baby. The slogan on their shirts is, "It's sooo big!". And yes people, it's pretty ginormous. And you know what else, I've eaten here twice and basically finished it all. Yumm. Plus you get a 10% student discount. Holla.After watching that awful Eagles loss to the Patriots all my fiancee and I wanted were a couple of burritos for dinner and thanks to Machismo the dissapointment of my day continued into the night...
I placed an online order at 7 PM for two burritos and an order of chips and queso.  Simple enough order...or so I thought...after waiting for an hour to get my burritos delivered (I live in Manayunk so it's not like I'm in a different part of the city) I called to check in on the status of my order.  I talked to some girl that picked up the phone and she assured me my order was on it's way.  I thought to myself how does she even know this, she didnt even ask my name???  So after waiting another 45 minutes...my burritos finally arrived...cold and without much taste to them...even the little round tortilla discs they pass off as chips were awful...
This place really has gone downhill since they opened...Manayunk really needs a better place to go for burritos...save your time (and your hunger for that matter) and support another local restaurant and not these guys!A former colleague and I had a love of burritos.  We both lived in Manayunk around the time Machismo opened, and it came highly recommended from her.  I decided to try it out and was not a fan.  I thought maybe they were just trying to get the jitters out.
I was a little skeptical when Machismo opened up another location in Andorra.  I gave it about a month before going in, so that they could work out any kinks.  Unfortunately, the kinks are with the food.
My big issue with Machismo is that nothing is actually seasoned.  If you dont pick the right combination of ingredients you end up with cardboard.
Other burrito joints, both the big name places like Chipotle, as well as smaller places like El Fuego, season the rice, the meat, the beans.  Machismo does not.  The chicken is straight up plain grilled chicken breast.  The rice is just rice.  Instead of putting cilantro in the rice, you get a large handful of it thrown on top of your burrito, if you ask.
I am all for mixing and matching flavor combinations, and that is half the fun of this type of burrito joint.  Unfortunately, you can't start with boring ingredients and expect to get a knock-out end result.
I really wanted to like the second coming of Machismo, but it was just as disappointing.
Also, the amazing collection of hot sauces is not present at the second location.  Now you really can't add any extra flavor...There's nothing slow about me..I TOTALLY get that Machismo is mainly a burrito joint. But when I say I wanted nachos one night, I mean......"IIIIIIIII WWWWWAAAAAANNNNTTTTTTTTEEEEEEDDDDDDD  NNNNNNAAAAACCCCHHHOOOOOOOOOOOOSSSS!!!!!!!! Believe me? Well, I kinda stumbled across this place after I found out that other spot down the street (I'll be a lady about it) charged a cover after 10pm...So, I gotta pay to get in, then pay again to eat?!?! FOH! How happy was I that I didn't stay..I just went a-walkin down Main Street and there she was. Just so purty...or maybe I should say he..Machismo. I walked in and was warmly greeted by the staff who hooked my nachos up exactly the way I like'em. A little of everything. Ev-er-y-thing?? Ev-er-y-thing!! And boy was it good...finger friggin lickin good! I promise you Machismo, I will be back. I'm sure it won't be long before I want nachos again or maybe I'll get a burrito. Oh yeah, this is mainly a burrito joint. As previously mentioned, there's nothing slow about me...I just like good food and service with a smile.Chipotle's and Qdoba's younger, independent, free-spirited, and expensive brother.
I just had lunch with a friend.  While the burritos here were pretty good, I cannot justify the $28 bill!  I mean, we didn't go crazy on the extras (we each ordered the queso sauce) or buy exotic drinks (just bottled water).  So how is it that we could have enjoyed an equally pleasing burrito at Chipotle and Qdoba for $10 less?
If money is no object, I will say in complete honesty that the burritos were much better than the "mainstream".  The ingredients were fresh and plentiful and the assortment of tortilla flavors was a novel idea.  This place offers more hot sauce options than you can shake a stick at.  And there aren't too many options in the immediate Manayunk area if you're craving tex-mex.
If you're looking for more authentic mexican, go to Adobe Cafe (about 3 miles north).  If you want a quick burrito, then save yourself $5 and run over to Qdoba (about 4 miles south).'Tis true: one does, in fact, feel he's put on a display of machismo if he's able to finish their leviathan of a burrito single-handedly. He can proudly wear the pinto bean and salsa stains on his shirt as badges of valor and honor (respectively, of course). 
Ladies, if you get your burrito to go, I suggest not putting it in your purse. The weight of the burrito could only lead to it busting through the bottom of your bag, or possibly causing a pulled a muscle, should the bottom of your bag fail to give way. Consider bringing a wagon to tote your burrito home in. 
Seriously, though, their chicken burrito is AMAZING. I'm pretty sure that it defeats Chiptole and Qdoba. First, you can choose your tortilla--they have flavors ranging from jalapeno cheddar through tomato through plain. Then, you can choose your meat. The chicken was cut into perfectly sized cubes, as big as can be while being comfortable to chew, and was unbelievably moist. You can pick your rice, brown or saffron, followed by your beans, pinto or black. Finally, you can choose the heat level of your sauce, if you want queso, and which misc toppings you want. I got black olives and jalapenos on mine. 
Amazing--go here.From time to time this place will offer a $5 burrito deal, which makes it worth it to eat there.  Pretty much on par with a q'doba or chipoltle.  You know the standard burritos, bowls and salads.  
Reputable choice for late night eats in Manayunk around 1am.Based off of one experience; myself, friend, and cousin came in hungry as junkyard dogs seeking hearty & delicious Mexican fare. Umm we should saved our time finding parking & just drove a mile to Chipolte! My $7 burrito was gross on many levels (I couldn't finish it), my cousin's burrito gross-er leaking black bean juice from the beans not being strained properly and the burrito not being wrapped w enough care, my friend's chips & dip .. umm? Round, cold chips they bought from a nacho stand somewhere on the street, her quesadilla .. really, how do you mess that up! Also the staff had the nerve to be nasty, AS SOON AS we came in we were greeted w 'NO SEATING AVAILABLE ONLY TAKE OUT' in caps b/c they emphasized our not being welcome to chill and eat. Ok thanks.... we still ordered and I'm so sorry we did. Waste of money & time! Yuck....the chicken tasted funny too, who wants that?!I've been here twice in the past month and got a good burrito each time.  The staff are good - not overly friendly, but certainly not unfriendly - and they're very quick and good at making the burritos, which is really all a customer needs!  LOVE that they had fresh cilantro and fresh jalapeños.  Downside:  I didn't see a list of toppings everywhere, so I highly recommend asking the staff what your options are before assuming they don't have something.  The burritos are a bit on the expensive side, but mine saw me through two meals.  Not many tables inside this location, but most folks take their burritos to go so you shouldn't have an issue getting a seat.  Would definitely recommend it for a casual/quick meal."Machismo rocks!!" is what my wife says every time we eat here. The ingredients are always fresh and the meats are all delicious. With a variety of tortillas and toppings you can create anything imaginable. A must when in roxborough.This was my second time at this location and I liked it even better than the last time.  I normally don't get to go down to Main Street too often, but I had a big LevelUp credit and it was "Way Too Cheap Wednesday" so I went with a friend.
It was raining outside and it was deserted on the inside, so it was nice to sit down and read the Manayunk magazine by ourselves without the usual Main Street banter I'm used to.  The guy behind the counter definitely knew what he was doing while he was making the burrito and got it together in literally 40 seconds.
The "Way Too Cheap Wednesday" deal is a burrito, side of chips and salsa and a drink for $9.95, and with my LevelUp credit, I didn't pay anything.  He scanned the barcode off my phone and that was it.  I love this place and I'll definitely be back soon.My girlfriend and I have had both delivery and pickup orders from Machismo.  We have ordered here approx. 10 times and the food has always been good.  The one issue we have had, 3 times so far, is lack of meat.  3 different orders, with 3 different burritos have arrived meatless.  The first time I figured they may have forgot.  The second time I was slightly upset, and now this time I'm quite unhappy.  I worked in food service for a few years, and my girlfriend has been in food service for quite some time as well.  I understand once, but three times?  I called and spoke with a lady who was quite nice and said she would have another one sent out to me, with the meat this time.  I'll accept that as long as this one shows up correct.
So, all in all, their food is good (not amazing, but not bad), and their service has always been good.  Just make sure you get what you order and you should be happy.I really like this place. Unfortunately I don't get here too often since when I am usually venturing up to Manayunk its to go somewhere that also serves drinks. Now lets get something straight right away, this is definitely Americanized Mexican it's in no way authentic. The burritos are huge. Enough for two meals. The chips and queso are also great. I don't know exactly whats so special about it but for some reason its just so good.This place used to be really good when it first opened, I even got a "frequent burrito" card and was two burritos away from my freebie....but then, something happened - I don't know whether they went cheap on their items or what, but the quality really changed. 
I got one more burrito, and never went back. It's a shame, because it was always my stop after a haircut, but sadly, I wouldn't go back. It is inexpensive, it does have a great selection of sauces...but I would hope they'll step it up again in the future....I want them to be back to their old glory!