This is my 3rd time to this Mad Rex and this is my 3rd AMAZING experience. I brought my family here to celebrate my brothers 21st birthday and the staff was super nice and the food came quickly and very very well prepared!  The cooks take great pride in their food, the bartenders take pride in the drinks and the servers take great pride in their service. To date, this is my favorite restaurant and i am always happy to bring new people here because i know the impression will always be a good one!  Thank you so much to the management staff and to the owner for really thinking outside of the box and running an amazing place! I WILL be back.  I highly recommend check this place outWent on a Thursday night. Place was pretty empty so seating was not an issue. Was with a party of 10. Our server was attentive and she did a nice job. We ordered appetizers. One of each item on the menu. The only thing that was was good was the pita bread they served with the hummus. Everything else was ok. Most of our table ordered the Mad Rex burger. I ordered mine medium rare. Was medium and cold. They use a brioche bun which didn't hold up well with the burger. Fries were mediocre. One person ordered a medium cooked survivor burger. His rock was cold and half his burger was raw. They were very accommodating in getting him another. Overall the ambiance is interesting and staff was good but food could use a lot of improvement.Great service was blown away by the service we got one meal that was cold mgmt jumped right on it ! Took. Care of us great job to the team at the resturant what alot of fun and great service! By the way food was really good and the desert was outstanding drinks also rated above average!Mad Rex had an awesome feel to the inside of the restaurant, however i ordered a steak off the survivor menu and it almost wasn't edible due to how poor the cut was. there was more fat than beef. i was excited to try cooking on the lava rock but it didn't do too much for me after seeing the cut of steak i received. if i found out they fixed this issue i would return. otherwise id spend my money elsewhere.Loved it~cool spot, great food!  Absolutely enjoyed myself!  Food and menu are creative, very energetic vibe and great drink menu!Neat concept but the service is the worst. The manager Paul was great I highly recommend this cool spot best flat bread and friesAwesome first time here! Strong drinks and good food. 
Funky and cool decor and chill vibe.
Nice layout and amount of space.
Very accommodating as well.
I definitely will be back to try the rest of their strong cocktails.
Teresa and Erica rock!Like many, I was sooooo interested to check this place out. We went around lunch so it was DEAD- and they sat us next to the bathrooms but next to one of the owners (the man who's face was plastered all over Fishtown for fraud) schmoozing a potential investor and going on and on about how "they're the number one restaurant in philly" which I had to laugh at. I found the food to not have much flavor at all but our sever was sweet but SO OVERWHELMING. Must have checked on us 10+ times.Mad Rex was a great all around experience! Food was fantastic and it was fun cooking on the lava rocks. The complimentary hummus they put out for each table is legit. I also was a big fan of the sugar cane sodas. 
Friendly and knowledgeable staff who all were very attentive with the exception of the hostess. She seemed very overwhelmed. I'll give her a pass since it's a new establishment, but taking off one star since she checked us in for our reservation then sent another party to our table.  
Definitely will be back!The place is hella cool. Great vibe. The fact that there's a DJ is cool. I haven't tried the VR room yet but it looked okay through the glass.
Food:
The bread they give you while you wait is EPIC. The flavor and taste are great. The flatbread pizza was a bit dry. 
Drinks:
Nice, stiff beverages here. I wish the drink menu was more expansive
Overall
It was a great addition to the city physically but the drinks and food could use a boost in quality. Cost was right on for what you got. Staff is okay.I went during happy hour. 
They open at 5, so I arrived around 5:20. The bar area was still being prepared, so I sat there and waited until they were ready to assist me. Not great, but not a big deal. 
When I looked at the happy hour menu, the Vigilante sounded interesting, but when I ordered it, I was told that they no longer serve the vigilante. I asked for the Mad Rex beer, but I was told they no longer serve that as well. I was told they could make a well drink instead of the Vigilante (I can get well drinks from anywhere), and I told an exclusive Manayunk brew replaced the Mad Rex. No thank to both. I drank water instead. *I usually like trying a location's specialty drinks my first visit. 
The wings were good! It was wing day, so they offered more sauces. BUT THEY WERE WARM, like they've been sitting out for a while. That's weird bc the place just opened up at 5. I don't get it. They were $3 for 5, which is a good deal. I just wish they were warmer like normal food is when it leaves a kitchen.
I also ordered the rib (another happy hour item). I wasn't impressed. The sauce was different, but the meat wasn't really good. 
I'm happy I went during happy hour and alone. My bill was $8 plus tax, and I won't spend anymore here. 
The two stars are for the barely warm wings and the  oil decor!I began a review of Mad Rex a few months ago when we visited but I wanted to sleep on it because at the time I wanted to give it zero stars.  I've reconsidered and gave it 3 stars. Interesting concept is a plus. The servers and waitstaff seemed to give it the best they could - also a plus.  The tables are entirely too large. I couldn't speak to anyone across from me at all. The owner/ manager was weirdly pointing that our plates needed to be cleared immediately but then we waited entirely too long for drink refills. There was a huge disconnect there between staff and this owner/ manager which was awkward to watch happening as a patron. Get to know your diner! Don't just clear their plates.... this advice to management more than waitstaff. The virtual reality lounge didn't have nearly enough staff to help you navigate anything... you almost felt bad asking for help because they were stretched too thin. The night we went the back cash register also only took cash.. no cards. It was a long chaotic line when we checked out because of this. It was a neat concept and I wish I could give it more stars but I wouldn't recommend.This place was actually a good surprise. Despite a terrible first encounter with a really rude hostess who gave away our table and lied about a wait time (that ended up being over an hour) and refused to give us an open table that had been cleaned for 20 minutes, the manager went above and beyond to improve our experience. Our server Christian was fantastic and attentive. The food was actually SO GOOD! A few of us went for the "survivor menu" where you cook the protein yourself on a steaming rock. It was a cool concept and the meat and fish were really fresh. Overall I recommend for the food alone, regardless if you're into the Mad Max theme.Showed up over an hour before closing and was told the restaurant was closed for a staff party. While I usually wouldn't write a review if I didn't get to actually eat at the restaurant, this sort of thing Is just kinda unprofessional. It's easy enough to make temporary hours available online or even just edit the google buisness profile so it shows you have special hours that day. Took us about half an hour to get up to the area and it was disappointing to have to search for somewhere else to eat.
The staff member was polite enough when he left me know they were having a staff party but wasn't really apologetic. While a free drink or appetizer or something on our next visit would have been a nice token, I'd of settled for a "hope to see you soon" would have sufficed.A post-apocalyptic themed restaurant? I was more than a little skeptical. But the promise of a truck on fire outside on Frankford Ave and a "food first" experience made me just curious enough to check it out. And wow- this place exceeded my expectations. The decor is fun, the staff is engaged and engaging, and the food is no joke. We entered under a chandelier with a sword-knife-thing hanging from it. We were seated at a seriously sturdy long table supported by barrels. We were surrounded by funky gas masks and weaponry. Our beverages were served in pint glasses embedded with bullets and brushed chrome goblets. Our starters (grilled octopus salad and mushroom flatbread) were perfectly executed. How could they not be when this place literally employs a forager to go out and select the mushrooms it uses? We cooked our own salmon and beef on 750-degree slabs. We ate chocolate ice cream out of ice cold Himalayan sea salt bowls (I will never eat ice cream from another type of bowl again). And THEN we went into the virtual reality chamber to enjoy, among other options, a beautiful beach sunset. I'd go if I were you.Order
Survivor Guide 8oz Filet with a side of Garlic Roasted Mashed Potatoes 
(Ordered an egg to make steak and eggs)
       Which comes out with a hot plate and a side
Mad Rex Burger
This restaurant isn't that busy during lunch, maybe it's because you get attacked by flies when you're trying to enjoy your meal. The hot plate was a cool idea at first, but the side dishes got cold while we were cooking the steak. The burger was ordered to be cooked medium, but it was well done. I can't complain though because it was the juiciest well done burger I've had. Overall the food was good, and they have amazing drink selections with some cocktails with spice. Wouldn't order the hot plate dishes again, rather have it cooked and ready to eat, or a big hot plate to cook it all at once. We did get a free appetizer, but I think it's for all customers. Anywhoooos, I'll be back for the drinks!Went with my boyfriend yesterdayaround 4pm on wednesday when they opened. We were sitting at the bar by the host stand waiting to be served, then the chef comes out and was screaming in this woman's face about something. He was very rude and distracting, I think he must have been the chef to have been yelling at her like that,  he was a big guy and the woman he was yelling at was so small. Such an unpleasant experience that we just left. Looking forward to our meal and trying out the VR experience but he was so rude that we didn't want to stay.This place is located in front of sugar house and across from the comedy club/ clubs. This is a really cool place. The decorations in this place is far beyond incredible. It's just absolutely stunning, and very authentic. It's def worth going just to look inside and how nice and interesting the deco is. The food is also very different and flavorful. I had the steak where u cook it in a hot stone and you can season it on however u like. It's soooo cool and worth while to check out!This was my first time at Mad Rex and overall I would say the atmosphere/ decor was great. Service wasn't bad but the food left a little to be desired, especially desserts.Mad Rex feels like a Rainforest Cafe at an amusement park in the year 2050 and in the best way possible. It's gimmickey, the dystopian theme gives it an adult feeling while the menu, which includes items you grill in a flaming trash can, and virtual reality lounge are fun. The staff went above and beyond to be attentive and the owner gave us a free drink - it was delicious.Appetizers were good. Theme burger for $22.00 good once. Had better for half. Atmosphere not what I expected. Manager breezed by multiple times, almost like an apology. Sunday night dinner around 6. Staff seemed like it was past there bed time.
Seems inner City restaurants do not need to try as hard as suburban establishments, just by per capita...Great place amazing food 
Definitely place to go 
Interior design is insane 
Everybody is very friendlyFirst time going... First thoughts: Tried many of the apps and honestly the food is not good. The pita for the hummus was doughy, the beef kabobs were flavorless and the wings were good but the sauces (blue cheese & hot Rex sauce) sucked. I would have rather had store bought blue cheese and buffalo sauce than what they were trying to make. 
The service was slow and the girl who took care of us at the bar did nothing but complain about the place. Computers too slow, bars too wide. Total buzz kill.
Another issue: the bar height/stool height is terrible. They gave no thought on comfort. You sit waaaay too low for comfort in those bar chairs. Not to mention they are totally impractical. They are already getting filthy. 
I also fell on the ladies bathroom rug, it's so slippery. Go ahead, try it out. You'll see. 
They cook their meat on hot coals and when it comes out it's SOOO Smokey. There's no ventilation in the place and the windows were open- we left STINKING of the place. Had to change my clothes when I got home and wash my hair. What will it be like in the winter when the windows can't be opened? 
Lastly, are they not paying their beer distributors? They had 3 kegs kicked and no red wine. I smell issues. At least condense your taps so it's not so obvious with cups thrown over your kicked taps. 
Anyways... although it was kinda bad I might be going back on Wednesday's for their happy hour. Cheap drinks. 
They clearly put a lot of money into the place but need to work out some issues...Love this place! The theme and props are so detailed and fun! Even just walking around and taking pictures or looking while you wait for your food is nice. The service was great, just like the food! One of their unique meals is the heated stone, that is about 500 degrees I believe, where you can cook your own meat of choice, and that was amazing!!!! The seasoning was so good, cooking it yourself is so fun, and its hot and fresh and cooked exactly how you want it (because you're the one cooking it)! I'd definitely go back either for a full meal or just drinks because the atmosphere was great for either or.Love the apocalyptic atmosphere and attention to detail in the decor. Very much enjoyed cooking my filet on the black lava rock. I love meat and delicious meat I got. Tasty sides of garlic mashed potatoes and grilled asparagus complemented the food experience. Opted for a lunchtime meal rather than dinner time and it was quiet, didn't feel rushed and staff was very attentive. For dessert it'll be the VR lounge.This place rocks! The theme is present throughout and the VR lounge is so fun! The food is great, and so is the service.I talked one of my friends into coming here for dinner and after she read the reviews (darn!) she would only agree to drinks as she felt there were too many questionable reviews to justify paying for food. (I shall come back and be the guinea pig - more on that later!)
Anywho, we went after work with plans to have a few drinks and then slide for dinner plans elsewhere. The first hint to leave should've been when we stood in the lobby with about 5 different members of staff that completely ignored us until we decided it must just be self seating and sat at the bar (still unsure if a hostess exists). Then the bartender ignored us too. Once capturing his attention he walks over and says what do you guys want (1: we're females and 2: shouldn't you offer a menu?!?!). So I asked for a menu. I really felt uncomfortable doing that because ummm, like... why did I have to? We decide on drinks and the bartender comes over and takes our order. In the meantime he serves me my drink then appears to ask another worker about the recipe (how'd you know you made the drink properly if you're unsure?). Drink tastes fine. Kinda like alcoholic cucumber water. I mean that in a good way as unattractive as that description sounds. Also, I found it a bit strange that he was adamant about putting out my flaming lime as if I was somehow going to set my weave on fire. Weird. 
We reluctantly help ourselves to another round of drinks and then it really goes downhill from there. Apparently MR was hosting some type of business mixer event for some organization and our service went from pretty shitty to outright nonexistent. Bit of a boisterous crowd that we weren't expecting and would not have ordered another drink knowing the influx of people would be so dramatic. I'm assuming the bartender figures his tips were already made for the night so we were expendable. I'm pretty certain if we weren't morally conscious individuals we could've dipped on the bill and it would've taken the bartender until clock out to realize it. I later saw on Instagram that MR introduced a happy hour menu a few weeks prior to our visit that was not mentioned or offered. After having to put in the effort of asking for a menu at the very least you could provide ALL available options! So not a good bar experience. 
Still, I am intrigued enough to come back and try MR for food (and drinks *side eye*) if to do nothing but to justify or update this 2 star review. My first impression wasn't the best so this isn't a place I'm willing to expense. I will instead take an unsuspecting young gentleman that is trying to win my affection to absorb the costs of what may very well likely be another waste of money/time. But hey, cheers to gimmicks!Only open 4 days which explained the horrendous service and lack of availability of the menu and wine. Manager came to table to explain after the hour plus wait. Wish they told us before we waited over an hour for cold tomato basil flatbread and the glass of Sauvignon Blanc that never arrived. Worst restaurant experience ever. I can't even leave all of the bad details. Decor was cool but that was the only pleasant part of the experience.Fantastic atmosphere, delicious food, friendly and professional staff. A one of a kind experience that you'll wish you visited sooner!
Try the flatbread and sea salt ice cream-absolute apocalypse heaven.Called an hour prior to arrival asking if we needed a reservation and we were told no. Arrived with a party of 4 and were told they are only accepting reservations tonight and there was a miscommunication with their staff. Hostess was less than apologetic.Cool, unique spot with a different experience you won't find in the area. It's a Mad Max style bar with food you can cook in front of you on a 600° rock - it's entertaining. The food and drinks were good and the overall atmosphere is lively (to go along with that area near The Fillimore). It feels like a restaurant from Disney or something, it's very different. 
The managers customer service is fantastic and thoroughly look forward to going back with a group.This place is bad-ass. You order a drink and get a glass with a bullet built into the side. We ordered off the survivor menu which comes with a hot lava rock that you cook your meat on. The NY strip and culotte were both impressive, offered with different dipping sauces and your choice of a side. The duck fat fries and the asparagus was cooked perfectly. Crispy and full of flavor. They offer vr experiences on an Oculus system, ranging from undersea adventures to horror experiences. The bill definitely grows, but it's worth the experience for sure. An entire wall of custom made weapons on display? Several different custom made armor sets? All awesome. Definitely worth bringing some friends and checking out. Antonio, one of the managers, was really helpful and welcoming. Worth it for sure.If the apocalypse is anything like this restaurant, I don't want to survive.... 
Our server highly recommended we order off the "survivor" menu, which is a hunk of raw meat delivered to you next to a 700 degree rock. Yes, I thought he was kidding when he said that too. So for the low low price of $30 a plate, you cook your own dinner. 
I had the chicken strips, which are supposed to come already cooked, my scalding rock was "just to season it". Yeah, fully cooked if you want salmonella. 
As a table of 10, most of us ordered mac and cheese as our side dish. Let me preface this by saying we were just about the only ones in the restaurant. Waiter comes back and says they need to make more, we're promised two small sides to start plus two LARGE bowls when it's finished. We were given one cold plate of mac and cheese with a huge string of plastic in it, probably from the packaging they poured it out of. 
Dessert! About 5 of us ordered the ice cream salt bowl, where you get your bowl of ice cream plus a salt bowl to add flavor. I did not receive my promised salt bowl, and when I inquired, the waiter assumed I was just going to share with the person next to me. Huh? 
Finally, the virtual reality. Our birthday girl got 5 free minutes and chose the "haunted house" where she was trapped in a corner and couldn't figure out how to move, and neither could the two available assistants. Another guest with us got a free 5 minutes for the plastic incident. They recommended we "take photos and laugh at our friends!" Yeah they were sitting there doing nothing. 
Don't go here.It may be too early to review this restaurant but I'm going to give some thoughts on my initial visit to Mad Rex.
I get the impression the owners were annoyed that the opening was already delayed and felt the need to rush to open. Almost all of the issues we had were related to restaurant operations and not the food, drinks, decor, etc.
To make sure we wouldn't have an issue sitting down we made reservations for Wednesday night. When we arrived the hostess seemed surprised we had reservations. She then said we would have to wait 20 minutes or so to be seated. This was a bit of a surprise as there was nobody waiting to be seated and we had gone to the trouble of reserving a table. There appeared to be empty tables but we chalked it up to the servers being overwhelmed and essentially stalling for time. 
They offered us some 'free VR' to apologize for the wait. That amounted to watching a cheesy two minute demo advertising the VR service. That wouldn't have mattered if they hadn't framed it as they were giving us something as an apology. Being underwhelmed by the VR visuals and experience we decided we would cool our heels at the bar. But we couldn't get any drinks. The restaurant got huge, plush, & luxurious bar stools. They are so huge that there is no gap between the seats. If you don't have a seat you essentially cannot interact with a bartender. We were stymied and had to sit around. 
After about a half hour we were taken to a table they said 'was a share table and other people might show up and sit here'. I spied a beautiful looking table for two and asked if we could sit there. She apologized and said some confusing thing about how we couldn't possibly sit there because it wasn't properly entered into the computer system. At that point I was just frustrated and agreed to sit. After a while someone came and introduced themselves and asked if we would like drinks. We said we would but no one gave us a cocktail menu. She returned with one about ten minutes later and we ordered. Ten minutes after that our server came back to say they were out of the beer one of us ordered. We ordered another and we insisted on putting in a food order because we were getting nowhere fast. My cocktail comes out. It is sugary and bland but it's a drink. The beer is still missing. Our appetizers arrive. They are well-crafted. The beer is still missing. To keep you up to date we had a 7pm reservation and my dining companion doesn't have a drink at 8:30pm. After being ignored for a seriously long time we flag down someone to ask if we could possibly get the beer we ordered. Our server suddenly appears and seems annoyed that we wanted to have a drink with dinner. The beer (it's just an opened can of beer) arrives a few minutes later well after we were long finished with our appetizers. I ordered another beer in hopes that it would arrive before midnight.
The 'survivor menu' steak arrives. It is beautifully presented and accompanied by delicious sauces and nicely prepared and plated sides. We had a fun time cooking our meats on the hot rock. The quality of the meat was exquisite. The only caveat I have for people who order it is that this preparation is for people who enjoy their steak rare. Without an open fire or oven heat it will take a silly amount of time to cook the steak beyond rare. This wasn't a problem for us. We happily seasoned, seared, and dipped our delicious steak and picked at our delicious asparagus and roasted fingerling potatoes. 
After our entrees we were pretty stuffed and declined to try the desserts. 
All in all it was a uneven experience but almost all of the complaints can be chalked up to growing pains of running a big ambitious restaurant. The bar and servers really, really need to get on the same page. We were essentially waving money around and they restaurant was stubbornly refusing to take it. We left full but totally sober having been given two beers and one cocktail over a 2.5 hour period.
Ultimately I think the restaurant has a lot of promise. The ingredient quality is stellar. The menu is simple and elegant. The staff is friendly and eager. I am definitely going to come back after a month or so in hopes that everybody is firing on all cylinders.
Review breakdown:
Food: 4 stars (average). 4.5 for mains, 3.5 for apps
Ambiance / Theme: 4 stars
Service / Bar service: 2 stars
Total: 3.3 but don't consider this a complete review.We were here too late to try the food, but the atmosphere for the open bar was amazing!  Everyone here was friendly and helpful!  The drinks we had we very tasty.  Can't wait to come back and taste the actual menu!!!!When I think Mad King, I think Aerys Targaryen - not theme restaurant. So, like many other reviewers, I had my doubts about Mad Rex. Would it be gimmicky, all hat and no trousers? Would it be over wrought, a forced conceit of apocalyptic tchotchkes all stuck up on the walls and high shelves like some 2078 version of TGI Fridays? Its greatest asset was its proximity to the Fillmore where a large group of us were planning to see a show and wanted to grab a bite before.
There were ten of us  and we were seated at a long table in the section facing the kitchen. Apparently, after the apocalypse, we will need very large, over-sized wooden chairs and part of the aftermath will mean that once you are seated - you must sit, or plead with your table mates to get up and let you out. A five men enter no man leaves situation like being in the window seat on a long flight, you have to figure out if things are dire enough to warrant the disruption. Wisely, I sat on the end. The set up also prevents wait staff from circulating around the tables and they are at your collective mercy to distribute the food to your mates who are seated at the far end of the table. Again, metaphors for the apocalypse abound. In the future, for those who survive, it will be awkward as they try to pass hot lava rocks and raw meat to their friends down the giant table. Why not make it fun? Just keep all the food and no one else eats. The staff did their best to ensure a kind of Lord of the Flies food war began as half of our orders were missing, but I digress. I would suggest that perhaps one less table in this row could ameliorate part of the problem, but that would mean the loss of a 10-top, so not sure how the restaurant will approach this issue if at all.
The apocalypse only happened last week, apparently, and there are many post-apocalyptic wrinkles to be ironed out. The large wall of windows into the kitchen gave us full view of the panicked wait staff pleading with the line for their orders and managers coming back to "check on things." The vibe delivered disaster, but maybe not in the way the owners envisioned. 
Our server was harried and hurried and scribbled our orders down on scraps of paper. When items from our order were MIA - the POS was blamed, not the random scraps of paper. Somewhere in the middle lies the truth, but this is an easy fix once the POS system is fully implemented and wait staff have handhelds. 
The cocktail menu featured some fairly esoteric house drinks, all in theme of course, which can be labor intensive and one would expect to wait for such a concoction. One would not expect to wait too long on a glass of wine or beer on tap, though, but wait we did. Beer and wine took about 30 minutes to arrive and it required multiple follow-ups from our server, a floor manager, and another server. Half of our food was missing and the other half was fine - perfectly acceptable food. Nothing remarkable, but certainly decent and I have hope that it will only get better if the kinks can be worked out and the good folks can get on with their jobs instead of trying to manage the chaos.
The footnote to this is that the management reduced our bill significantly, and was very understanding and apologetic. Most of us will return and give this place another chance. It will never be top of my list for Philly, but it could be top of my list for a place I would go with a large group before a show at the Fillmore, that is if the world doesn't *actually* end in the meantime.Mad Rex is a cool, new unique dining experience in Philly! They are still working out some kinks which is normal of any new restaurant, so don't pay attention to any of these 1-star reviews. Their attention to detail on the theme/ experience is amazing, food and drinks were very good (free locally sourced carrot-squash hummus anyone), cooking your own meat is always fun and overall we had a blast. Check it out before everyone starts going here!The food was ok..took long to come out and seemed under cooked (beans and potatoes seemed slightly hard and steak was a bit pinker than wanted). We sent the steak back and it took a longgg time to get it back; when we did some of it still looked pink and cold.  The mixed drinks were interesting and good.  Decor very cool, but a bit loud!  The waitress was very good!  They don't have a kids menu and the sandwiches are only available till 3pm.I really wanted to like Mad Rex. I've been following articles about it since it opened, and was thrilled when my friend threw a surprise birthday party for me there. We had a large group, 14 of us, and we were seated by the bar in a very cool space. I was excited to go to the VR room, they had told my friend who made the reservation that we would have space available at 9pm in the VR room (we had a 7:30 reservation). Sadly, we did not make it there due to the insanely terrible service. Our waitress was incredibly slow. She welcomed us quickly and gave us one drink menu for all 14 of us, and when we asked for more, she gave us just another. I borrowed one from the bar so we could place our drink order. The music was super loud so we couldn't hear each other, but that's fine, I've been to restaurants with that kind of experience before and it kind of worked with the apocalyptic theme. But it made the incredible wait between when we were welcomed and when our waitress returned to take our menu even more noticeable. After at least 15-30 minutes, she came back to get our drink menu, iPad in hand. I could tell my group was already fading quickly, so I asked if we could order both drinks and dinner. She looked at me like I was nuts and said to the whole group, "Let's just get a round of drinks in RIGHT?!?!!" like a bad party pumper, and declined to take our food orders. And it doesn't get better from there. It was comical how long it took for her to bring drinks back and then again to take our food order. 
While we waited for our food, we finished our drinks and they sat empty for a long time. We legitimately thought we had been forgotten. Finally the waitress returned and got a second round of drink orders. One of my friends ordered the same drink twice, and it came out completely different. The first one was a light off-green color with jalapenos. The second came in a different glass, with no jalapenos, and was bright yellow. She asked if this was the same drink, and the waitress insisted that it was....even though it tasted and looked completely different. 
Finally, at 930, half of our tables food arrived. And of that half, half of it food was cold, and orders were incorrect. 5-10 minutes later, the other entrees came, again some parts cold and some parts warm. One of our group ordered an appetizer that arrived after they had finished their meal. The food was nothing to write home about. The experience was hilariously bad. 
We ate quickly and were ready to go, the energy of the group completely fading from this horrific dining experience. It took, no exaggeration, 40 minutes to get the check. When we DID get the check, there were errors, despite the fact that the waitress took the order on an ipad which one would think would eliminate errors. It was just terrible service and incredibly disappointing. We signed our checks with sadness, giving the already included 18% gratuity with annoyance, since the service was honestly the worst I've had in years.Mad Rex is all about the experience.  Its said to be the world's first post-apocalyptic restaurant and virtual-reality lounge.  The decor is pretty awesome, with the post-apocalyptic theme.  We arrived early around 4:30 on a Saturday and were told that we would be one of few walk-ins for the night.  The place was booked solid for the evening as you would expect for a new place in Philadelphia.  
Our waitress was polite and pleasant and told us Mad Rex is the first Post-Apocalyptic themed restaurant in the World!  I wonder how well that was vetted.  We were started out with some complimentary pita and carrot hummus. Unfortunately, our pita was not cooked well to the point where the inside was entirely wet dough.  This was quickly rectified with a new serving of pita and profuse apologies from our waitress and the manager.   They ended up comping us a drink and two free desserts, which was way more than we expected.  Customer service was definitely a 5 star on this night.
We ordered the Sea Green Salad and the New York Strip off the Survivor Menu, where you cook your own protein (choice of beef, fish or chicken) on a hot stone.  Prices are a bit high and the portion size of my salad was very small.  It was more like a side salad, but for the price of an entree salad.  For our comp desserts, we got the Himalayan Salt Ice Cream.  It was basically chocolate ice cream with some sprinkles and nuts.  It was good, but you can't really screw up chocolate ice cream!
The Virtual Reality Chamber is $2/minute, which can easily add up.  Go to Mad Rex for the experience and not necessarily for a night of fine dining, knowing that you will be spending a bit more than you might expect.Our bartenders Jasmin and Jasmin were so on point tonight. Been here many times and these two gave us the best service yet. A+++++ hope to have them mix our drinks again.Ambiance is great and an experience to have once or twice only. Service of any sort was crazy slow, and we sat at the bar. Had to ask multiple times for a specific chicken wing order, and it still came out wrong. The survivor menu was unique and over priced. The NY strip was tough as nails. The hamburger was decent, however, the bacon was raw. Then we ordered the bananas foster dessert which took 30 minutes to get to the bar, and it was still terrible. All it was, was burnt waffles, vanilla ice cream, soggy bananas and caramel sauce. Also, it was a Saturday night at 6:30 PM. Multiple tables were open, and we were told told that we could only sit at the bar because they weren't accepting walk-ins. However, multiple tables remained opened as we sat at the bar. Overall experience, 6 out of 10. Overall food and service experience, 3 out of 10. The only reason to come back would be to try the sandwiches that are only served before 3pm.I came here pretty close to when they first opened and sat at the bar for snacks and drinks. I'd have expected the bartenders to be a little more friendly given how new they were, but instead they came off as too cool for school. The beer selection was fine, but the food was meh. The fries lacked flavor (i.e. not enough salt), and the flatbread was itty bitty but tasted ok. 
Oh, and the decor is cool but not cool enough to overcome these other faults. It's supposed to be a bar/restaurant first and foremost and doesn't do that great on those fronts. At least not the one time I was there.The only reason this place is getting a 3 instead of 2 stars is because of the decor. I understand this place is new and has to work out its kinks, but the service was terrible. It took us 20 minutes to get drinks while seated at our table, which happened to be in the bar area, and the bartenders were standing around not even busy. We ordered the 14. Oz NY strip to cook on the rock, only when we received our meal they had already cooked our steak to a light medium center. Why would I cook it even more on the hot rock at that point? The only reason we didn't leave return our food and leave was because we had to wait so long to eat. We arrived at 9 and didn't even start our meal
Until 10:30 in a half empty restaurant. This place has potential once they work out the service quality and get their chef in order back in the kitchen.In town for a show at The Filmore this restaurant is not only convenient but the food and staff were excellent. Jas W. And Dave F. took care of us at the bar and made sure everything was perfect. We had the shrimp skewer, charred caesar and the asparagus side(a must try). Next time when we aren't pressed for time we would definitely try the survivors menu, everytime an order would come out it smelled great. Give this restaurant a shot you won't regret it.Spent our New Years there. Food and Drinks were delicious. Cooking block was awesome & the Mad Rex Burger was huge. They still have some kinks to work out in the kitchen but they made up for it with their service. I just don't see it lasting in this hipster neighborhood. They tend to like cheap waterholes that this is not. I would go back just for another Burger and to look at the art work all over again. My kind of theme.My lovely stepdaughter and I happened to go to Mad Rex as we had to wait for a concert at the Fillmore for about an hour.  We must have lucked out because our waiter, John J., was the best!  Knowledgeable, fun, competent, not acting fake (I hate when waiters do that), made great recommendations (I also hate when a waiter says "I don't eat here, can't advise you on the food"), and really accommodated us.  John J. was more competent and knowledgeable and business savvy than the manager... oh hmmmm.  Somehow, our food order was VERY delayed, the kitchen (visible from the restaurant) was not busy, so I was puzzled as to why our salads took so long, however John J. was skillful to offer some comp drinks and slashed our bill to make us happy.  John J. should manage this restaurant (hint).  The cocktails were amazingly good and unique, we loved them.  I definitely recommend this place if you are in the Northern Liberties area, especially waiting for a show at the Fillmore! ;-)This place was great!!!!  Our first time here & we did the "survivor menu" aka cooking raw meat (we chose to do a 10 oz filet) on a black lava rock, which came with an array of yummy marinades and sauces.  Service was lovely and everything came out super fast, definitely coming back :DI don't know where to start. This is definitely not a place that's good for groups. 
In short, a loud chaotic restaraunt with oversized furniture should not have waiters and patrons passing around 700 degree stones. 
One of our party was burned by the stone as she was being served. The waitress only offered her a rag on response. We had to chase down another staff member for a first aid kit.
The food was an overpriced mediocre gimmick.Wow! What an awesome spot! We were so impressed. My fiancée and I went here on a Saturday night and were very satisfied with the food, the presentation and most of all the service. She got the Mad Rex Burger and Mad Rex IPA. I got the NY Strip and the Smoking Gun Shot. The ipa was perfect and the smoking gun shot was so cool and went down easy. The steak was served rare with an extremely hot lava rock and all the fixings so you can cook it up and fix it the way you want it. The burger was well cooked and stylized and apparently very tasty. Our server Ky (Kyshima) was absolutely amazing, helpful and friendly. We will definitely be back!Listen, I'm all about food , the food was good, it didn't blow me away. The atmosphere was cool, I liked the decor. The waitress was clearly new to serving and I felt bad for how terrible the bar staff was. Literally not one person sitting at the bar, and 3 bartenders behind the bar and drinks took average of 10-15 mins. We literally sat there watching them on their phones, hanging out while our waitress waited at end of the bar, for 10 mins.. for a beer and a glass of wine... also would love to see an earlier happy hourThis place is really awesome!! The idea is cool.. great location if you are seeing a show at the nearby venues (ideal restroom if you been standing in line all day) food is great, all around decor & atmosphere and service is ok.The food and experience at Mad Rex is 5/5 but the service knocks it down to an overall 4/5 for me. But definitely still more than worth a trip! I thought overall the service could have been more attentive and a bit quicker (we were done our appetizers for a solid ten minutes before our main courses came out). But I would definitely come back again regardless of that. 
This was my first time eating a place that did the whole lava rock entrees thing and it was a really awesome experience. I know it seems silly to go out and pay for a meal that you are cooking yourself but it was really fun.
We ordered apps for the table to start- the pitas for their flatbreads was very good and I'm not a fan of mushrooms but the risotto was also really great. I would also suggest "The Flamethrower" cocktail. Not only was it tasty, it was also legit on fire as they served it. 
For our entrees, we did the filet and salmon on the lava rock. I've made salmon at home numerous times and it's always good but when I ate the salmon cooked on the lava rock, I was like "oh this is how salmon is supposed to taste." It was really awesome to be able to cook the pieces of the meat at your own pace to your own degree of wellness. 
I am not normally a dessert person but I would definitely recommend getting the ice cream with the frozen Himalayan salt bowl. It was delicious and I immediately wanted to order my own Himalayan salt bowl for at home usage after eating it.We went here for a birthday party which was a large group.  Walking in I thought we were going to have an amazing experience the ambiance was awesome, it seemed appealing.   Well it went down hill from the moment we sat down.  It took almost 30 mins for us to be waited on.  It was already a sign of disaster when you have 1 waiter for a group of 20 plus.  We knew walking In there would be a preset menu and so forth.  We had one of the preset appetizer and VR packages which, was absolutely terrible you got def not enough for that amount of people we had.  Also the VR lounges had mediocre VR my PS4 is like 100 times better.   However, with only 5 minutes allowed to play it was very difficult to even understand if this part of the concept was worth it.  The biggest disappointment Was no explanation of the menu, no explanation on how the food comes out on hot rocks to help.  The server/waiter was rude and pissed off a few people in the party.  He was extremely unprofessional.  The bill was almost 1200 and the service was no where on par for the place to receive a 190.00 already-included tip.  The only good person that we had was the bar tender who made the skull drink.  Which we had to go get ourselves because the waiter couldn't keep up.  We spent over 3 hours at this place and it just put a mood damper on the rest of the evening because everyone was just complaining about the experience.  I wouldn't recommend this place based on that experience.  Another great concept that was wasted due to bad service.Had a dinner here with a party of 10 today. Our server John was amazing!! Super attentive and friendly. The two managers cake over to check on us which was appreciated. Everything we ordered was great. Would recommend the lamb it was delicious! Will definitely be back. Thanks again John!It's a cool place and I'll probably go back, but the service was pretty awful. We went on a Monday night, not crowded at all, and yet it seemed that they ran out of many things and the service was slow....... in the sense that our waitress was not very attentive; when we did get a chance to order the food did come out in a timely manner. The food was okay. Drinks were decent. The atmosphere is pretty awesome, and probably the only reason I'd go back.I went to Mad Rex a second time. The first time I was a little disappointed but they completely knocked it out of the park on my return. 
Their wings were spot on. Crispy with one of the best wing sauces I've tried (hot. They also have garlic parm and BBQ). Crazy how enjoyable this sauce is.
We also both had the steak on a hot salt block. Real interesting concept and very good. Interesting dipping sauces and a pretty enjoyable steak. Adds some fun cooking it yourself as well. Garlic Mashed potatoes were great, my son had the mac and cheese and thought it was good.
We then spent some time on the VR Headsets and played some saber. Real fun game, nice addition to have this option at the restaurant.
The atmosphere is pretty cool as well. Mad Max type weapons and costumes adorn the place.  
Great stop if you're at the Sugar House or Punchline.  Highly recommend.This is my second time coming to this restaurant and just like my first visit, this experience was AMAZING. Not only was the at atmosphere amazing but the food was super well prepared. Our server, Eric, did an amazing job explaining the mission statement of the business, explaining the menu and expressing that we were his guest!  I will keep returning here! Keep up the good work guys!What an awesome experience! I admit, I have a bit of a soft spot for a good theme done well, and Mad Rex does not disappoint. The post-apocalyptic decor, swords, masks, and art make this place feel totally badass. It's the kind of place you explore, just to see all of the cool details. All of this would be all well and good if the food was so-so, but I am happy to report that everything we had was incredible. Get the Survivor's steak on the hot lava rock - so much fun and so delicious. The drinks were decently strong and yummy, and the draft selections were great. And they have a virtual reality lounge, too! We'll be back, definitely.The vibe is this place is insanely awesome! As soon as I walk in I want to scream waaaarrrriiioooorrrrssss! It looks like a place that would definitely exist in a not-too-distant dystopian future. Every single detail so well thought out. From the bar stools to the countertops. No detail was spared. Then you smell the food. Amazing to say the least. The house pickles are to die for if you like pickles. These sliders were cooked to perfection but is you don't like your burger rare you need to tell them. This is probably my new favorite spot. Location is great and I didn't even mention the drinks until now but they are delicious! Service is impeccable and the managers are on point. This is definitely a five star place.This place is so cool! I live in northern liberties within walking distance and my friends were visiting my apartment for the first time so I was stressing over bringing them somewhere fun to show off my area. Coming here was the perfect decision! The aesthetics are absolutely awesome. I loved the post apocalyptic theme. It's what life is supposed to look like after the world ends and you're the survivors so this is the new norm. Hence "the survivor menu" Every inch of this place is so thought out and it doesn't get boring. 
The virtual reality thing was neat. It was 20 bucks or something like that for me and my friend to both do a five minute experience. I think they priced it at 2 dollars for 2 minutes. We didn't do this so idk how much it would have been but while you're sitting there you can get your drink in an iv bag and sip from the tubing. They said you keep the bag after as a souvenir (that would be gross if they reused them which did cross my mind and turned me off to the idea at first so that was comforting) 
I was surprised to see a live Dj even. The music was modern. I remember them playing like Kanye, bieber and new stuff. I liked that it wasn't so loud that you couldn't hear the person next to you but it was loud enough that it was primarily what you heard. You could go closer to the Dj if you wanted to dance and I think it was more loud over there. There's a couple small spaces people were just dancing in. 
We stopped in a bar on our walk there that was absolutely dead and so I was nervous this place would be the same because it was so early. Even as early as 9ish, the place was full of life! If you're worried that it is too "restaurant like" if you're just going out for drinks, don't be. It's totally somewhere you can sit at the bar and drink or walk around. there's a bunch of high top tables people were standing at. Fire pits through out the whole inside. It's huge and every corner is interesting as I said (even the bathrooms) so definitely take advantage of that and Walk around . At the same time it can be a restaurant if that's what you're looking for as well. There's a good amount of tables and certain sections are set up for more of a sit down dinner if that's what you want. We sat at the bar. 
The food was good. My friends lobster fettuccini was amazing. The only thing with the Himalayan salt rock is that you have to eat your meat somewhat quick before it gets cold because the rock doesn't stay warm forever. The lava rock stays warm longer and I reheated my chicken on my friends rock lol the pretzel appetizer is certainly not just pretzels. They are amazing and cooked from scratch ! I can't describe it but definitely not just pretzels and worth trying. The bar tender was great and super helpful with the menu. Food and drinks both came out very quick. 
The only trivial thing was that I asked for mashed potatoes as my side and they gave me fries. I let someone know about it who I think was just a food runner and not our primary bartender (like I said she was very attentive to us) and he shook his head but I don't think He ever told anyone bc I never got the mashed potatoes. I didn't care and it wasn't enough for me to deduct a star because I eventually just ate the fries when I realized they weren't coming haha Definitely will be back!The atmosphere is orgasmic if you're a Mad Max fan. The spirits and food were good. The burger was cooked to perfection. Really enjoyed the new menu.I wanted to take my mom out of chestnut hill for food and explore other food places. We also end up in mt airy, chestnut hill or manayunk. So I decided nope we are changing it up. 
We ended up at Mad Rex and I was a little nervous because I knew generally what this place was about. But not really. 
I have to say it's not really an aesthetic for me. I'm not really in the the Mad Max movies and I'm not a post apocalyptic type of chick. But it was different so whatever, go with the flow. 
We order drinks that were absolutely delicious. Couldn't tell you what it was but it seemed close to a gimlet. It had elderberry something in it. Totally delicious. 
So there are two types of menus. There's the regular stuff then there's the survivor menu. I mocked it. So did my mom. Then she ordered from it . Basically you have to cook your own darn food on a slab of stone that's 500 degrees. She got fish and a side of asparagus. LET ME TELL YOU....that asparagus...bruh. If you are an asparagus lover you will thoroughly enjoy how they have made their asparagus. The fish was pretty delicious as well. 
I got the free range chicken...ok pause for a moment:
All their food is super fresh. Locally sources. Blah blah blah. So when the waiter told me this I was like ok whatever everyone says that. 
Back to my chicken. Mannnnnnn if that cook didn't put their FOOT in that chicken (it's a saying y'all. It means it was really good). I was beyond surprised. So juicy. So fresh tasting. Slightly crispy in spots. Just delicious. It also came with broccoli and two types of potatoes including a purple one. DELICIOUS. y'all we didn't expect the food to be this good! IT WAS SO GOOD. 
So here is the thing. This place is so busy. And because there's so much happening between the aesthetic and it was a Saturday so they had a live DJ rocking out and they have a Virtual Reality experience as well. So like with all this it's like it's about the experience not the food. Nah. THIS FOOD IS FOR REAL. THE REST OF IT JUST MAKES IT BETTER. My mom and I were talking about this food hours later. The next day even. I mean....go there. 
And then to cap off the night there was some rando Violinist on top of a military type vehicle improvising  to the music the DJ was playing. He was sick. It was in a long green trench coat just jamming. What an amazing end to that experience. 
I will be back here. That chicken, which isn't something I normally order out, was so delicious. The food isn't to be slept on.My friend and I were in the area after doing a walk and decided to stop in and try this place. The decor was cool and the bar definitely went with the theme. The wait staff was slightly odd, and a little bit too close. We both got the steak that you cook for the experience, and I think it was a little pricey. My friends son really enjoyed the whole experience of being able to cook his own steak, however. Was nice to try once, can't say I would be back.I read some of these peoples reviews.  I cant understand it.  As a person in the foodservice industry, I absolutely loved the food, the atmosphere and the server.  Not to mention the overall RAW experience was cool!
I guess its true.... Thats why Baskin & Robbins makes 31 flavors.My favorite place in philly!! Such a cool theme. Great service, amazing food and fantastic drinks! Can't wait to come back!Walked out after waiting too long to never see a server. The place was half empty tonight when I walked in what the hell. The service at the Goose Island Brewhouse next door however was impeccable.This my second visit to Mad Rex. The first was on 12/14/17 and we had a wonderful time! The next time was on 01/10 for my BFF's birthday and we were not disappointed. Plus, the owner, Michael Johnigean, was there and remembered us :). If you're attending an event at the Fillimore, Mad Rex is just steps away from it and across from the Sugarhouse Casino.
We had salmon cooked on the lava rock, asparagus, broccoli,  flatbread (I forget which but it was GOOD!!!) and ice cream w/the himalaya salt bowl (only swirl twice! If you get three swirls in...too salty).
On 01/10, when we asked for a warmer place to sit (we like the booths), Mike set the heat lamp next to our table. Perfect!
We haven't had a chance to try the Virtual Room yet, but plan on it for our next visit.
Mike:  we'll be back real soon!
Mattie (December BDay) & Tremayne (January BDay)David & Kathy are the best bartenders!!!! We had such a great experience and can't wait to come back. Food and drinks are exuberant for a date nightThis place is awesome! The New York Strip was cooked to perfection, the octopus salad was great, and the grilled Caesar was perfect. Make sure to order the himalayan rock salt ice cream for dessert. More than enough for sharing, and the sweet-salt combo is incredible. Servers are friendly and attentive. We will definitely be back!We were looking for an interesting restaurant to try when we were in Philly for the weekend. A post-apocalyptic themed restaurant was a first for me. The food portions were large, my husband and I split the chicken which was flavorful along with the sauces that were on the side. The service was a bit slow, but it was also a crowded Saturday night, so I'm sure that is to be expected. If you're looking to try something different i'd recommend it for the novelty alone.Place was cool. Service sucked. And waited 20 mins at least for each round of drinks. Manager was nice. Got us a free round and offered to dry clean my shirt cause the wall I was sitting next to stained my shirt. As u see in the picture those are my three drink glasses. Same drink. 3 dif glasses get all still on the table. Weren't taken away. Place is ehh. But cool concept.  Vr was coolThis place is my biggest disappointment. I was so excited to go because it looked and sounded awesome. The decor is so awesome it's like nothing I've ever seen, unfortunately, that's not what makes a restaurant good. I can hardly comment on the food because I wasn't around long enough to try much of it. The service was absolutely awful, like nothing I've ever experienced. We walked in (had a reservation by the way) only to stand there like idiots while 3 hostesses did NOT help. One was talking to a fellow patron, fine, the other 2 just stared at us blankly. Finally we were seated. We sat there for about 10 minutes without a single person even acknowledging us. We ordered two drinks (off of menus we had to ask for because we were never given) we waited about another 10 minutes until I saw the waitress and asked her where they were. She mentioned some weird explanation about how they had to "ring them up in the back because they're not in the system" weird because they were cocktails on the restaurant menu. We Continued waiting. We did order an appetizer which we received fairly quickly, it was the pretzel bites with cheese and they were very good. Unfortunately not good enough to make this review higher. After waiting an annoyingly long time for our drinks and still not receiving them, I told the waitress that we just wanted to cancel the drinks and get the check for the appetizer. About another 5-10 minutes went by with no check at which point my husband and I left cash for the app on the table and some extra for an undeserved tip and left. I was so sad because this place is AMAZING on the inside and has so much potential it's so cool. I read about the bad service before I went, thinking "how bad can it be, I'll deal with it for a place this cool" but it was so unbearably bad I couldn't enjoy a single part of the restaurant. I hope they realize that this is a big downfall and make some staff changes because I really think they could have something good here.My son and I went here before a show,grab a drink and a couple of small plates and head out. Waiter seamed confused finding what we were ordering on his tablet. My son said" Maybe you can just write it down". We ordered a gin concoction that tasted like Hawaiian Punch. Pretzel bites looked like giant Corn Pops ,no taste ,with cheez whiz and a not so unique house hot sauce.(pretzel =mustard)Sliders seemed baked not seared. No flavor from meat. Beet Salad was "eh". Got mistakenly charged for two extra drinks which the waiter apologized for and corrected. Maybe when they work out the kinks we'll try it againWe were visiting Philly for my husband's birthday and I wanted to check out somewhere different and I came across this place online and I'm so happy we did ! The whole atmosphere was amazing and post apocalyptic. The food was amazing, I had the brie, pear and onion flatbread and hubby had the mad rex burger and we both had the poison apple cocktail which tasted like apple cider ! Our server Madison was great, very friendly, very knowledgeable about the menu which was great since it was the first time we came here. We also tried the virtual reality room which was so realistic it was scary ! Haha. I definitely recommend coming here on a fun date night or with a group of friends you won't be disappointed !Went to Mad Rex after work, very unique and cool ambiance. Our server David F, was awesome! Great drinks!!I'm surprised how much I actually liked this place. I was really suspicious thinking it would be too gimmicky with bad food. The drinks were fun and good, as was most of the food! The kabobs for apps were a miss, but everything else we got was good: hummus, wings, quinoa salad. I got fish off the "survivor" menu for my meal, which comes out on a lava stone and you "cook" it yourself (spoiler alert- it was pretty much cooked already). The fish was perfect and the broccoli I got as a side was actually amazing. The only complaint I would have is that cooking it on the stone caused a lot of smoke, which was kind of irritating. But I would definitely go back. 
For the VR- I only did the two minute trial but it was really cool. My first experience with VR, so I have nothing to compare it to, but it seemed super realistic to me.Neat little post apocalyptic themed restaurant in fishtown by the fillmore. The veggie tempura app was large and light. I ordered the survivor menu black lava rock (tuna) cook it yourself. It came with fixings to make it delicious and a side. The lava rock really rocked.Decided to check this place out despite all the bad reviews on Yelp. Should've went with our first instinct and went somewhere else because ultimately that's what happened anyways. 
We had called previously to see if we needed to make a reservation. The female on the phone was super nice, advised us the reservation was not necessary and we could be seated immediately as they were not yet busy. Shortly after we leave in an Uber and head over. (7 minute drive) upon walking in the hostess asked if we had a reservation, I let her know I had called previously and was told I did not need one. She then informed me that the staff had a miscommunication and they were reservation only and were also full so we couldn't make one. (We could visibly see empty tables and open seats at the bar) So less than an hour ago you could seat me immediately and now you are full for the night? That makes zero sense to me. She didn't apologize but said she could put me in the books for the next day. Pretty sure I'll pass on that one.Truly, it's as GOOD as it gets for a unique, supremely engaging and satisfying experience! EXCELLENT table service from Amanda & Erica, our waitresses. 
Extraordinary personal attention from the managers, mixologist and other staff, too. From the organic, locally sourced vegetable, fresh wild caught seafood & natural raised meat, final cooked on hot lava rocks table side!
I love it and you will too!