Came here for drinks and light dinner on a Friday night. Bar was packed so we put our name in for a table. Only took about 10mins to get a table above the bar. If you want a sports bar/pub atmosphere, this is the place. The outdoor bar area was nice, but too hot tonight. The food was a pleasant
Surprise. We had the mussels marinara- fabulous and the shrimp bruschetta - also great. We shared a cheesesteak as well. A little salty, but good. I would be back as they have a fantastic menu of beers on tap!!Forgot to mention the great server.  Unfortunately for me, she just graduated from a nursing prgram [congratulations] but hopefully will still take shifts.  Everyone was so oleasant so one couldnt but love the atmosphere.Maggie's was ok. We had a party of 12 so the wait was well over 1.5 hours. Also we ordered peach long islands downstairs at the bar while waiting, they were delicious and made to perfection. Once we got upstairs and were seated we ordered another round & they were horrible. I ordered the 3 cheese seafood linguine. The first few forkfuls were good after that the cheese was very overwhelming & it tasted as if it came out of a can...sort of like the nacho sauce for tortilla chips. I would go back but with a smaller party. It seemed as if they couldn't handle it and the waitress became very irritated.I agree with Mark H. Food and service on the decline....I keep giving benefit of the doubt but no more...Had the roast pork. It was pretty good. Bloody Mary was nice and spicy. Few loud customers but that's not Maggie's fault.We haven't been to Maggie's in quite some time. We stopped yesterday for a quick bite while running errands. We were sat immediately in the rear by the new patio area. Yesterday was quite humid and they didn't have the air conditioner on. It was very uncomfortable in the restaurant. They did have some of the sliders open which did provide some relief, the problem with that were the flies. They were brutal and everywhere.
Our server was Bridget and she was fantastic! She was very nice and very very good at her job. We started with the hot and honey wings. They were by far the best part of our meal. The wings were cooked to perfection and the sauce was delicious. It was sweet with the right amount of heat. We opted for 2 lunch specials. They have a nice lunch menu which is a salad or soup, sandwich, fries and a drink for $8.88. That's a pretty good deal. I went with the spicy ranchero wrap with Jambalaya soup. The soup was way too salty for my liking and lacked deep flavor. The wrap was good, it was fresh and everything worked well together. I didn't care for the bacon in it. It was rock hard. Their fries are seasoned really nice. My wife went with the mini margarita pizza with salad. The pizza was terrible. It was chewy and very thick. It also had no basil whatsoever. The pizza left a lot to be desired.
Overall for the value the food was okay i guess. With some minor tweaks this could have been really good. Please for the love of god when it's that humid, turn the air on. Not just for comfort but flies around your food while eating is disgusting. We would give it another shot but not go out of our way. 3 stars.The service here sucks. We got a table and menus. Then we sat there for 20 mins. No one ask us if we wanted anything to drink. No one took our order. Waitresses passed us by, and ignored us when we tried to get their attention. We got up and walked out. They didn't even bother to ask us why we were leaving. First time there and last.Good food and the staff seems nice  but they need to put more sitting outside for those nice days. I have only walked into the building itself and it seems cramped but I think its worth itHad a great first experience here. Food, beer and staff were pretty perfect all around. It got crowded but the place is pretty large and seems to accommodate a large crowd really well.
Had to edit and remove stars because all the taps aren't on the same floor, and you get dirty looks when you order one from upstairs. Happened more than once. Bad business practice.I recently got married in the beginning of July and I had my rehearsal dinner at Maggie's. My wife and I could not have been more happy with how everything turned out. Maggie's has the beautiful waterfront view, the best scalloped potatoes, and the most amazing staff lead by Patti the Event Coordinator, how could we not have a great time. Patti truly went above and beyond to make our rehearsal dinner the best. Thank you Maggie's Waterfront Cafe and most importantly thank you Patti!Friendly service! Bartenders Very quick and attentive! Great atmosphere! Love the new addition.Had the French onion burger with French fries and crab soup.
The fries had all these spices on them and were delicious.  The crap soup had lots of crab pieces and was yummy.  Burger delicious.
Kristin our server was very pleasant and attentive.We are trying to visit a new restaurant once each week! This place is off the beaten path but totally worth the drive. We tried the sampler, crab dip, and hot and spicy shrimp. Everything was awesome and the beer was cold. We will definitely be back!!This was probably the worst food I've ever had in my life. Really cool atmosphere, and the fries are decent. But the actual food was horrible and overpriced. Going home hungry because I couldn't eat my food. Save your money and time.I ordered mussels, huge portion and very yummy. I liked the crowd that was there. Everyone was much older than me but so friendly and just a light buzz of everyday life. The view of the river is nice and I really liked their selection on mixed drinks and beers.Really good food but overpriced. Crappy service and it's always too overcrowded to enjoy. Get there early to the bar and get a seat or you won't get served. Always seems like a nice idea to go here being it's nice outside and along the river, but we always end up regretting it and leaving.Terrible service on top of terrible food. Went there because I had heard good things about the food. Ordered crab soup and cheese fries. Never have I heard of fries with sugar on them. Absolutely disgusting. When mentioned to the waitress that we did not expect/know French fries would come with sugar she just said "oh, do you want me to get them out of the way for you?" Never in my life have I ever experienced a waitress/restaurant that upon hearing negative reviews on their food did not offer to recook or replace. Nope, the fries were still on the bill with one fry eaten. Will never be returning to this establishment.nice place. really like the outside but they need to get their drink specials straight. They advertise in Out On the Town Paper - Buckets of bud light 5 for $10. Their facebook page says bud lights 5 for $12, and i recently went there to order a bucket of bud light, they charged me $14 for 5. I told the bartender about it and he apologized and charged me less.Was at an event yesterday.  This would have been an easy five stars if it wasn't for one staff member!   The event was up stairs. Great view bar was fantastic with many choices of draft beer and the food was tasty.  However one dish was a seafood pasta dish which was really good but the server only served one shrimp and one scallop when I asked her if I could have two more pieces she basically said no.  I walked someone up to get their food and told him you can only have two pieces of seafood and she said "he can have three since it's the end of the pot". She was extremely unprofessional and it's not just me that thought this way!  Medium height dark hair and glasses!  I was actually going to take a picture of her so she would be reprimanded.   The bartender was excellent and the other two servers were nice!  I did notice only one girl was the clean up girl while the other two just watched!AMAZING customer service, amazing food!!! Does not get any better then that. My first visit I asked our server a bunch of questions about the drinks and the food. She was not the least bit annoyed, she seemed like she enjoyed telling us about certain dishes. I was excited to try the food after speaking with her. Today I called and was greeted with a happy and pleasant voice.  Bonnie, answered all my questions....and again i am looking forward to eating here .I love this place. Always a great crowd and the food is so good! Perfect for all. Every time we go there, the staff are friendly and helpful. Plenty of parking and the best view in the northeast if you love the waterfront.A great spot to come if you have a partner who is extremely indecisive like I do. While I would recommend coming here for some great apps and sandwiches, I've never had their dinner entrees. 
The crab cakes and cheesesteak spring rolls and very good. I would recommend all of their sandwiches and burgers, specifically the beef dip and the Jack Daniels burger. They have the BEST fries, their sweet and salty and you'll crave them once you've left. Not to mention the HUGE selection of craft beers on tap! If you don't have a reservation, grab a seat at the bar and enjoy a nice beer, you won't be disappointed!For our FIRST time here the 6 of us on Mother's Day,our dinner came out COLD. 40 minutes after ordering our food. When it was sent back from the second floor there was a wait of 18 Minutes. Then the 2 lobster tails (my wife) have received came out as 1 . Again down stairs 2nd time. I was disappointed here. Our hostess was so apologetic to the 6 of us. With that being said about Christine our hostess, she tried so hard to please us all. The manager has made a management  decision, and complimented our entire dinner. Now that decision has made me and our family willing to give Maggie's Waterfront another try. We will see?? G.OppermanNot even good for bar food.  The only thing this place has going for it is the view.  Service is horribly slow.   Certainly not a "do again".Really really really good food, menu is overpriced for amount and service. My son had the crab legs and pigged out!  Wings were great, live music on Sunday that was good and not to loud. They do a great job but I took one star away because if the price. I would go here all the time if it was more affordableGreat Service.
I've been a server for years so I appreciate good service when I go out to eat. You'd think its not a lot to ask, but you'd be surprised. As surprised as I was when I last went to Maggie's. I had been there a year ago and left unimpressed but my last visit will have me coming back more often! Our server was awesome, I think her name was Jamie (brown hair, glasses, great smile). She was really attentive and friendly. A good server can read your mind, knowing what you'll need and bringing it before you have to ask for it, and that's exactly what she did.
I had the chicken sandwich and my boyfriend had the seafood salad. We were hoping to find healthy options and were pleasantly surprised when we got our meals. Next time I go I'll be trying the veggie wrap, I heard its amazing.Definitely a good spot that has a nice selection of beer, the food is good I really liked their Cream of Crab soup! Nice atmosphere and a good place to enjoy some brews and some food right outside by the river. Will come again!My first time here with a great group of friends.  I've never been here before and was nervous when I saw all the cars.  I thought it would be mobbed but it wasn't.  Great place to get together with friends to have some adult beverages or watch the game.  I'll definitely be going back although the food wasn't the best I ever had.  4 stars for the ambiance and size.  3 for the food.I enjoyed the location, the music, and the grilled garlic shrimp (minus the ranch dip they put on them) but the drink specials were a little boring. $2 well drinks-- I couldn't finish my vodka/cran because the artificial cranberry juice taste was soo cheap and sugary. I'd rather have $5 martini or something more creative in general with that view. All of the food was basically the same price $9-$11. 
I think they should try to make it a little trendier-- I'd be more excited to go back.I dine here essentially every Tuesday evening for half price appetizers and beer with friends. It's mostly your basic bar food, but some items are super tasty and make me keep coming back. The honey hot wings sauce is so amazing! It's great on the chicken bites and in the chicken quesadilla. Their selection of beers is also pretty good. And they have a full bar. If you're in the area and want bar food, this is the place to go.I was introduced to Maggie's in the summer. My mom took me for lunch and we were able to sit outside on a beautiful day. It is right next to the river in a really cute area. I have been there a few times since and each time our servers have been great. They are all very attentive and friendly, I have never seen any staff there not smiling. That truly makes a significant difference in an experience dining out. They do frequent food and drink specials which are definitely worth listening to and taking advantage of. I typically go with crab soup as an appetizer (heart eyes), and change up my entrees. Their alfredo pasta is always a delicious choice! There is plenty of room inside for seating, and they have TV's all around. Great place for a good bite to eat with friends and family for lunch or dinner. It never disappoints!In love with this place, when the weather is nice you can have lunch, dinner or drinks while sitting right by the river!!First time customers to forever patrons if the food,cost and service are as wonderful as today!  We were greeted and seated on the airy comfortable patio immediately, even though it is a sweltering day.
Received some wonderful recommendations from the fun couple seated next to us who raved about the filet mignon sandwich and the bruschetta. Boy they weren't wrong! We had the crab option of the latter. Both, in a word, YUM!
We also ordered the seafood pot, which at only $25 was a showstopper.
Lastly, a shout out to our waitress Alexis who was lovely.Completely honest review.
First impression: The parking here is awful.  It took such a long time to find a spot.  They are under construction and there is all kinds of equipment in their lot which makes it difficult to navigate or find a spot at all.  The exterior seems to be getting some work done which is good because the place looks very dated.
The bathroom is disgusting.  It smells like someone peed all over the floor, the urine scent is so strong when you walk in.  Ew!!!  
Throw in the fact that they have no changing station which made for a fantastic time changing my toddler on the disgusting, smelly and sticky floor.  Note to management - in this day and age, you really need a changing station in your bathroom!!!
And for added fun, the bathroom has no mirror, so if you'd like to fix your hair or check how you look, you're just out of luck.
I was here for a private party.  You really had to beg to get assistance getting a drink or anything else you needed, it seemed like they didn't have enough help for the size of the event. We asked for an extra child's plate and never received it.  The food we did get from the buffet was unfortunate.
The only positive I can give is that their in-house music was great, whatever they were playing was awesome.
I would not recommend this place, especially for a party.Great place to have lunch on a Sunny weekend!  Delicious food at good prices.  Right on the Delaware and can sit out side and see the view on the water.  Staff was really great!  Beer menu is fantastic.  Great for a  21 ounce flight of beer w/ great choices or one of 40 craft beers.  Just an all around great experience.  The are having a little construction in the upper part of the building, so limited space, but definitely worth the trip!  Will def go back.Went to Maggie's late night on a Saturday night with my babe and was amazed at how busy the place is! They have a gorgeous outdoor beer garden, and the bar inside is a huge L shape. After a few minutes we finally found a spot to sit at the bar. The amount of beers they have on tap is staggering, and despite the business of the bar the bartenders were extremely friendly, attentive and able to give great recommendations. I only drink Angry Orchard beer and was upset at first when I found out the keg was tapped. But the bartender gave me a sample of McKenzie's black cherry cider and I instantly fell in love! We had cheesesteak egg rolls and wings for appetizers. YOU MUST TRY THE EGG ROLLS! Such a light, crispy wrapper filled with meat, provolone cheese and served with a spicy ketchup - YUM! The wings were ok, just very typical bar wings. We split a pulled pork sandwich with provolone and raw horseradish and holy crap it was life changing! Such an unexpected delicious sandwich served at one of the busiest bars around! I am only giving four stars rather then five simply due to the fact that the atmosphere is packed. You can barely hear each other talking. But I'm absolutely going to go back on a weekday and see if it's a little toned down during the week.Maggies is a great pub. The food is your typical pub fare. I have to say the fries are pretty amazing...I think they put sugar & salt on them. 
Maggie's is right on the water and when the weather is nice it's a great place in the northeast to get a drink outside. There is a large bar area so if you are looking for bar seating you have a good shot at getting a space. 
We have gone here for St. Pattys Day and its a blast (what I remember...Slainte). Live music and fast service. A great place to check out if your in the area!This place is super clean,  it's my first time,  wings are good, fries with cheese great!!!! I will come backThis was our first time here. Parking was more than adequate. We got there early and we're greeted and seated right away. I was a little disappointed we were in a back room away from the main bar area or Windows. I guess we could have asked to be moved so I'll take that. If I bring my  parents back it would be a quieter space away from the bar.
Plus:
Food was excellent. We got the shrimp appetizer and they were huge! Pizza was great. We got the white Pizza with broccoli. The server suggested the St. Louis burger as their "best of Philadelphia " submission.
Fries came with house seasoning (like old bay) and for $1 more get white American cheese sauce. I love Chickies fries...these include thought were better, but a smallish order.
Minus:
I think out server was very new. There seemed to be some miscommunication between front of house and servers. The hostess was asked by another patron about happy hour specials. Apparently they are Monday thru Friday. The hostess didn't know. I felt that that should be a standard...our waitress was very nice and attentive but didn't mention the Happy hour specials...nor was it posted someplace where we would have seen it ( on wall/menu/on table etc). We thought about ordering one of the special items but again didn't know it was an option until well after we already ordered.
Overall...food excellent 4.5 . It got the wife's seal of approval and that means alot.
Service..needs some attention..servers were nice but need to get better instructions about specials 3.5I love the food that you serve there and the fact that it's a waterfront cafe makes me love it even more that ever! I think the service is really friendly and happy to be at work unlike other places where the service is miserable and non-happy to be at work. I like the music that they play. Don't forget about desert. I really think that the deserts are different then other restaurants desertsFirst time here and it's really nice, great staff, excellent wings, as well as a pretty sizeable menu.  60 drafts, highly recommend.I've been here for lunch a few times and I'm a fan.  First, it's very clean and doesn't feel like your typical bar.  It's mostly an older crowd with quite a few police/prison guards, so I felt at ease.  Also, it's very kid friendly.
Then there's the food, which was very good.  Never had a bad meal.  The kids like the Mac and Cheese.  The cheesesteaks and burgers are very good.  They also have a house lager on tap which is nice and Guinness!
Overall, it's a really nice bar/restaurant in an area of the city that doesn't have a lot going on.Our first time here today. We found this gem and became fans!! Our server Angelina C. was great. Very attentive, but not intrusive. Was always available to keep us hydrated on this scorcher today's! Views from outdoor cafe were beautiful. I felt as if I was somewhere upstate and not in NE Philly. 
Food came out hot and delicious. Simple fair, but that's exactly what we were looking for today. Fresh fish sandwich and a Crab BLT. Fries were great and it was just very relaxing. 
We will definitely be returning, and with friends I'm sure!Food is very good. I suggest the seafood pizza, but everything I've had was good.
Lots of TVs to watch the Flyers and Phils.
Service is fantastic. They're attentive and knowledgeable.Not bad for lower northeast Philly. Nice outdoor seating by the water, a decent bar with some craft beer on tap. Had the veggie wrap which was decent. By no means am I comparing this to many other cafés I have indulged at. Wouldn't even really consider it a cafe. But hey like I said there isn't much good clean eating in this area.This place has great atmosphere. The food is very good. The staff is very friendly. On Monday it's half off for Police, Fire, Military and EMS personnel, either active duty or retired. During warm weather there is outdoor seating with a great view of the Delaware River.Typical bar food. Sat at an outside table which had a beautiful veiw of the river and the many porta potties sitting outside. Tried the garlic shrimp which was grilled to a chewey perfection with a cheap garlic salad dressing. My friends had the buffalo chicken cheese steak which they said was good with the best part being the french fries. Oh!, the lager was the best part of the meal.This is a great place to come for a cold drink with great food and attentive service. I commend them for their half price menu on Monday for our heroes in public service. The bronze shrimp is a must as are the mussels. The new outdoor seating is a great addition.  
I made a return visit to Maggie's at it is the same great food and service. Alyssa was a stand out at tending bar and the epitome of service with a smile. Very personable and welcoming. Alyssa went above and beyond with great suggestions on the food and beer menu.WOW - what a disappointment.  I have been here for just drinks to sit outside and it was ok once you got past the abysmal service and actually get someone to notice you.  If you are a regular you get great service it seems and a few comps on drinks.  if your not - well not sure why but your lucky to get any service so get a beer bucket otherwise just move on.  
I happened to be hungry, wanted to eat right from work and decided to go there for HH and some appetizers.  I cannot even believe how horrible the food is.  All the appetizers are def. frozen.  The "famous" bronzed shrimp were chewy, overcooked and worse than bland - milk and butter do not a cajun cream sauce make! philly cheese steak rolls - the smell of old grease and the drippy greasy texture left it uneatable, clams casino - frozen from a box - enuf said.  wings?  precooked and frozen w/ bottles bar-b-que sauce.  the salmon dinner - less than fresh.  The manager was very nice, tho the chef (cooks really) need training.
Suffice it to say - if you tried to get me to go back there for free.  I would seriously decline.  It is truly sad that the only thing going for it is the outside seating but there are other places for that.  I rarely write reviews so in retrospect this had to be -3stars bad for me to be this disappointed.Went to Maggie's for the Clydesdale event, what a great time! Went inside for a bite to eat and had the homemade soup, fries and the seafood pizza. All was excellent!
The beer list is extensive and reasonably priced. The beers were ice cold. Overall, a great visit and we will be back.Nice bar, not a lot of drama like fights or anything. Food is very good, it does get a little packed during certain hours and the bar placement is not the greatest. But overall a nice bar with m good food and nice employees.Great atmosphere by the river Good selection of beer lump crab cake was not the quality of lump crab that I am Use to Service was ok at bestThis place is great bar in NE philly that has a great beer menu with a lot of good events. Went there last spring and won WMMR BBQ tickets at event. I recommend the chicken quesadillas with whatever beverage your want. I recommend always using beer menu to see what the rotating taps are.. nice outdoor seating too.Ever been to Maggie's any other day of the week than Monday? It's not bad. I'm not saying great or wonderful because it's not. What I am saying is that it has decent bar food with a fairly good craft beer menu striving to be restaurant quality including steaks and seafood. It's the "striving" part that I respect them for. 
Monday's, however, are a different matter. Now, don't hate me because I'm bringing this up because of course Maggie's should be commended for acknowledging and rewarding our service persons and Philadelphia's civil servants. And yes, they are (I think) the only place in Philadelphia that does the half price thing and on the entire menu...including alcohol. Kudos to the owners! It's all good until they skimp and or stretch ingredients on those Mondays. For example the cream of crab soup. On a Tuesday it's pretty darn good with a thick base and lots of sweet lump crab. I get it time and time again. Get it on a Monday and it's thin with no crab and geeze....guys....splurge on the normal sprinkle of Old Bay! Kinda tastes like white sauce made with a seafood stock. If the first time I'd ever had it was on a half price Monday, I'd never order it again. That would be a shame
My drink of choice is a Grey Goose Cosmo and when our server brought it to the table in a munchkin sized martini glass I asked if they served Cosmos in smaller glasses just for half price Monday.  I think she very nearly choked. She did manage to stammer that Maggie's had 2 sizes of martini glasses. One was wider and one was deeper. Really? Why?
My summery....Maggie's isn't yet a great place and it's fun but if they're going to do something great to appreciate America's and Philadelphia's finest...then don't skimp and do it right!Everything was great! Just didn't like that I couldn't change tables..... crab legs are fresh and fries seasoned to perfection!I came here for a work lunch and everything was great. The server was very nice and accommodating. We had four wheelchairs to maneuver around and they were kind enough to move us far from the door. The server was also very patient when taking orders and repeating things . I got the roasted veggie pizza and fries with the cheese sauce . The pizza was good and I had leftovers for later . The fries were slightly sugary but great and the cheese sauce on the side made it better. My coworker's and other fellow diners had a seafood pasta with like a rose sauce . I tasted a bit and thought it was delicious . I would love to go back and get that without the seafood. They also had outside seating available but the day we went it was very cold and windy . I'd love to come back for food and a drink , this is s great place to go to .OK location, horrible food.  The bartender was nice with a lot of energy, our waitress not so much.  We had the $9 garlic shrimp which you could tell was frozen not fresh.  The shrimp was poorly grilled so it was charred on the outside and wet & mushy on the inside.  They topped this horror with garlic Caesar salad dressing.  Next was the $11 combo platter of 1 oily steak & cheese spring roll, 1 oily chicken spring roll and about 4 dry tiny tacos (about the size of a quarter).  The steak & cheese spring roll was dripping oil and full of gristle.  Nasty and over priced for what they serve.  Also the "waterfront" is across the street.  There is no deck it's just part of the parking area.  Complete disappointment.Come here for great food, a lively crowd, and even better service. Great experience and yes order the seasoned fries and surf and turf. Great placeJoe, the server outside, was wonderful! Pleasant, competent and caring, he remembered our names, he was very prompt with our orders and he was so much fun! We definitely return! I hope we have him as our server again! The food and drinks were great too!!Love this place! The food was very good the seasoned fries are out of this world!!!!! I had the vege wrap, it was very good and filling!!! They do offer outside seating with a great view. We chose not to sit out there because they smoke outside. I definitely recommend this restaurant.This place has great parking and pretty close to the river so it's convenient in the summer. The food is good bar food. It's like a bar with food service more than a restaurant with alcohol. The atmosphere is ok but I did have great service and lots of people were eating there. Seemed old school.This place serves the worst bread I have ever eaten at a restaurant. We ordered the Bronze Shrimp and Blackened Scallops, both served with stale "Acme Bread", you know that kind from the supermarket bakery? I then ordered the Grilled Chicken Club which was servered on an "Acme Kaiser Roll" again the supermarket bakery kind. This would be ok if we were in Utah, but the East coast is the bread capitol of the world... for CHRISTS SAKE get some decent bread in there. I wont be back, but do it for the next guy.My first time at Maggie's, and I just want to say, not only is the menu amazing, and the food delicious, but the service is spectacular. Our bartender, Shannon, was attentive and had our lunch enjoyment as her focus.  Best service I've had in quite awhile. Thanks Shannon, we'll be back.I just don't get this place.......food is not very good........I ordered chicken wings and squirting on my first bite........grease all over.......what else is there to say.......I would not recommend........there are so many places that care about the quality they provide to customer's.......Fun stop for lunch.  Had muscles yummy blackened  scallops soso, and buffalo shrimp with a side salad. Hit the spot. Total bill was 53$ with a blue moon.    Typical sports bar feeling.  Outside atmosphere is perfect for a stroll after pigging out. :)stopped by Maggie's yesterday had an awesome time our server Joe amazing he was the icing on the cake. Only had apps and a few drink but the food is pretty good environment absolutely delightful beautiful views of the Delaware. I definitely plan to stop in again requesting Joe is my server.I struggled giving this 3 stars because it could be a 2. Outside seating? Yay! Not many options for that in this hood. Crazy, freakish, great, weather in March is the only reason we went. We had been there 2 times before. Once we sat at the bar on a cold rainy day. We stayed for 2 drinks and left. No complaints about that. But the next 2 xs the service was just ridiculous. Another beautiful day brought us here last week. 4 people behind the bar and not very busy at this time and not one "bartender" would even look at us. We wanted to know if there was waitress service outside or would we have to order here. I thought I got the one girl's attention, she finally made eye contact with me, then just turned her head and walked away. Luckily for me, I ran into an old friend and had a reason to stand there. I got to catch up. A whole lot. Because I stood there for 15 minutes. The boo was about to walk. He hates when he's trying to spend money and can't. He wanted to go where he could just get a beer and not be ignored. When the very young male bartender finally came over, my man reluctantly ordered our round and then found out that yes there is waitress service outside. We move our now party of 4 to a lovely table outside with a beautiful view of the water. And wait, and wait, and wait for a server. When she comes, no menus, no mention of any specials, happy hours, nothing. In fact, I found out they actually have a happy hour by the woman sitting at our table on our most recent visit. Which was more of the same bang up service we got before. We shared a table with 2 women. We had a 10 yr old girl with us. No one comes. The women we're sitting with, tell us they used to come often, but the service is so awful, they only came for the weather. We see a waitress and she is walking by quick with her head down just so no one can ask her for anything. We try to stop her for menus and a drink order. "excuse me? Can we get some menus and a coors...." That's it. She blew right by. The women we were sitting with just started to laugh. This is when our new friends fill us in on the HH deal. There's no info of it anywhere. Not that I care, but its nice to be informed. A different girl finally comes. We ask for menus and put in our drink order. She comes back with one menu because she couldn't find any others. Now mind you, it's not busy at this time, and I don't see anyone in my eye shot with menus. Where could they be? Still no mention of HH specials. From here on, it wasn't so bad. Our server paid reasonable attention to us. Food is typical bar food. Nothing awesome but was decent. It's what I expected. The gorgeous weather and the view is the only reason I'll be back. Here's a tip. If you find yourself here, and you actually get someone to wait on you, order several drinks at a time, cause God only knows the next time you'll be able to get a one. 3 stars for the outside.Went here for a birthday dinner. Service was good, especially since we had a large party. the gf and I had grilled shrimp and steak spring roll apps, I had the filet mgnon sandwich and she had the crab cake. Shrimp was rubbery and chewy, rolls were ok, flaky crust but nothing special. my sandwich was probably the worst quality "filet mignon" ever. I was hungry so i ate it. She didn't like her crab cakes and I wasn't inclined to try. My best friend loves it here, so I went. On my own again? eh maybe just for drinks.Totally surpassed my expectations. Excellent service by our server Joe. The food was outstanding!went here with my husband on a Saturday . The weather was nice so we wented to sit outdoors ,waited for a waitress to seat us she keep walking by us . finally we asked were we can sit .she said to share a table with other guests. so we seated ourselves. i order the seafood salad everything was overcooked scallops shrimp a little bit of lump crab wilted lettuce .my husband ordered the buffalo chicken steak it was chicken cubes no blue cheese .and the cubes of chicken keep falling out of the soggy roll.the chicken cubes were dry . this is not how a buffalo chicken cheese steak is suppose to be made on top of all this are waitress a black hair girl i didn't get her name was insulting to us . as soon as we sat down she said is this music to young for u guys . i said were not old . she changed it to the oldie's which i felt insulted .iwe will never go back here again .bad service and bad food do not go here.Good service and good food but it is a sports bar with loud music and a minimal view of the water. Not recommended for families but suitable for a late bite with friendsReally really really good food, menu is overpriced for amount and service. My son had the crab legs and pigged out!  Wings were great, live music on Sunday that was good and not to loud. They do a great job but I took one star away because if the price. I would go here all the time if it was more affordable.Want to feel like you like your surrounded by friends at a fun house party Maggie's is your spot.  Tuesday night is Karoake and half price appitizers. Fun night out! Wednesday is Quizzo which is fun and no matter what day or night you the bartenders are all friendly and make you feel at home. Food wise the Bronze shrimp steal the show for sure follow them up with the cajun periogies and you can not lose.  Full dinners are also good enough food for 2 meals.I love their appetizers and the fact I can make a sampler out of any I wish 
I appreciate their spacious dining area and the option to take it outside 
What is better than sitting on the River eating a delicious crab cake sandwich and drinking a cold one?  
  Nothing. 
The beer selection is decent. The mixed drinks are ok. They do however offer specials like Monday 1/2 off for responders. Tuesdays are BoGo(?). Quizzo or karaoke on Thursdays. 
 Im sure there is live entertainment on weekends.
One thing I do really really miss is Mike LeCompe outside on Fridays. The miserable neighbors up there bitched (two neighbors) about the loud music. HOWEVER, it's was great, clean music!  The show was over by 10.  People are just buzzKills  and I hope they move B/c they go bankrupt. 
Maggie's is my preferenceAll I can say is if you are looking for a great Northeastern style seafood staple with a sports bar feel this is the place. If you are In Philly and looking for great seafood scampi make your reservation now.Maggie's food is high-quality, tasty and consistent, the bronze shrimp kill it! The service is always solid and friendly; bathrooms are clean, which is always appreciated and a good indicator of a clean and sanitary operation; great special; nice location and best of all, it's not a chain! All around good vibe. I can't wait to see the new construction!Ehh nothing special really.
Decided to meet a gf here on a Monday for happy hour. We were seated right away which was nice. Our server however did not mention any food specials. We had to ask her about them and then show her online what we were referring to.
I ended up ordering cheese steak egg rolls and honey bbq wings. They were okay. Overall nothing special food and service wise. I did appreciate this location however. It was nice to be right by the water.
I would give this place another shot.I live 25 minutes away but keep going back for the superb food, excellent atmosphere and fair prices.  it is a very warm and welcoming place.ehhh... it was late, in the immediate area on business and options were limited unless we drove downtown.  For the price, the food needs alot of work in the seasoning department. I've eaten in more places in Philadelphia than I can count and I guess my expectations were therefore elevated as the City is a food mecca...locals at the bar drifted to folks tables and were loud and obnoxious (I guess that was redundant).  Save your money and your expectations and  either go downtown or just get Wendy's.My sister dad and I come here every wednesday night and it's our server Joe who makes it a great time!! He's the absolute best!!!