Was a big fan of Magic Carpet until today when I found a roasted bug in Bedouin meal. You don't want to be in line waiting for 20 minutes and served an insect in your vegetarian meal. The quality has definitely deteriorated over the years and with new staffs at service you don't get a full box of food which was a common practice by the lady who you don't see more often these days.Came here all the time when I studied at Penn. best food cart I've ever eaten at.. tahini sauce is great!Although I am not vegetarian, I decided to try the high-rated and popular food truck, Magic Carpet foods. It was my first time tried the food here. Fortunately, it was a great decision! I was recommended by the friendly seller to take the meal, Seizan. It taste so unique which I have never had before. The food makes me feel healthy and greenly. Even though Seizan is cook without meat, it still has strong taste. By the way, this is my first time eat something without sick feeling in Philly, since from I moved here 2 months ago. 
The seller joked that, 'You can come back if you think the food is not delicious! And I will make a other one for you.' Now I have to say, your food will not ever be returned. I like it! I will definitely try some other meals next time. 
So as you, you should definitely try Magic Carpet foods. If you are indecisive, you may try Seizan for first time. Good Luck n enjoy your meal! Trust me! You would not be regretted!! :)The Foo Chow magic meal is hands down my all time favorite. I've also tried the Bella Donna wrap, but I did not enjoy it quite as much. Baked tofu with balsamic + hot sauce + tahini!! What's not to love?Definitely overrated. I bought the Bella Donna meal. The taste of the meatballs was just mediocre, the rice was overcooked, and the pita bread was stale. Additionally, they did not pack utensils.One of my favorite food truck. Healthy decent tasty vegetarian food for a good price. Felafel on pita is highly recommended. Chocolate cookie is nice. The only thing is the line during lunch time can be long.Food is fresh and delicious and I'm not even a vegetarian.  I'm usually here 4 times a week.  Dean and Deb are the best.Yumm-o.  This is as good as a lunch cart gets.  And pretty darn cheap too.  I'm far from a vegetarian, but I went one day with a co-worker on a whim and was so happy that I did.  The food tastes so mealy that you don't miss the meat.
I loved their chili and the ranchero wrap.  I have the best of luck with the specials hanging on their window instead of their regular menu.  Not that their regular menu is bad, but the daily specials are extra yummy.  I'm also indecisive so having it narrowed down to the three or so specials is much easier than a big list.  The hot sauce on the side is a nice touch, and they sell a variety of all natural drinks.
Only downside is that their line is the longest in the land.  I feel awfully sorry for the fruit truck sitting next to them.  I wonder if they have line envy or benefit from the overflow.Saw the line. Knew it must be good. Was not disappointed. Dervish Delight was great. Spinach Pie was solid. Staff was super friendly. 5/5 would eat again.Okay, I've been to this truck twice now, and I am not disappointed.  I will say that it's not the best mediterranean food I've ever had, but it's pretty, pretty good.  It's a sloppy mess, but a pretty good sloppy mess.  I've had the falafel and the baba ganouj sandwhiches.  They're both wonderful, and I cannot believe how great toasted sesame seeds are!!!After getting incredible service and taking my first bite of the falafel pita, I knew I had to review. To start, this cart is so cheap. $5.50 for a falafel pita is fantastic, especially if it's delicious. And growing up outside of Dearborn, Michigan--you learn a thing or two about falafel. And the lady who made my pita was probably the nicest person in the food industry I've met in Philadelphia. The only downside was that the they included some celery with the greens in the pita, and I'm not a big fan of celery. 
The banana chocolate chip cookies were pretty great. Banana-y and nutty is a great combination.Magic carpet is a meatless mecca for vegetarians and non-vegetarians alike on Penn's campus in University City!  
I'm not a vegetarian.  Yet I am completely willing to eat a meal devoid of meat if it comes from Magic Carpet. This is a great place to go with vegetarian and vegan friends, but I come here by myself as well. The portions are a good size, the prices are reasonable, and the food is healthy and delicious.  I've never ordered anything bad here.  Things I've tried include veggie burritos, Falafel and baba ganoush pitas, the Bella Donna meatless meatballs (with the veggies & tomato sauce), the Seizan meal, and the veggie burger.  The specials are also always good!
You can tell by the long lines that it's one of the best and most popular on campus.  Thankfully, the lines move quickly so you never have to wait too long. In sum, this is a "must try" food cart for all vegetarians in University City, but I also recommend it to anyone and everyone who wants a yummy lunch!I once saw an episode of MTV Cribs where Tommy Lee bragged about having a Starbucks machine installed in his basement. Well, I wish I could have Magic Carpet set up shop outside my future office. No fuss, on-the-go, "global vegetarian" food for cheap? Yes please. I will miss being able to grab lunch here on a semi-regular basis :(
You know that one food truck line, on the corner of 34th and Walnut, that is always about twice as long as any other? It's Magic Carpet's, you can be sure of it. Don't worry though, it'll only last about five minutes, and even then it's worth it (that's what she said!). I really don't get anything here anymore other than the Bella Donna wrap, which is lunchtime comfort food at its finest - it's basically a burrito with an Italian twist, as it is a garlic herb wrap stuffed with warm, tomato-saucy rice, "magic" meatballs (supposedly tofu, but doesn't taste like tofu, or meat for that matter... but whatever it is, it's good!), and vegan cheese. Add some hot sauce to that, and you'll be in vegetarian heaven. 
Their various wraps of the day often sound tempting, but as I haven't tried one that trumps the Bella Donna, I've found that resisting ordering adventurously is well-rewarded :) The veggie chili, though, I will vouch for (especially on a cold winter day!), but I wouldn't waste a ride on the Magic Carpet by getting their sandwiches or falafel, which I find lackluster.
The cookies here are great though, if you're lucky enough to nab one before they sell out. The best flavor I've had is the banana oatmeal walnut chocolate chip, and I hear they are vegan too, which is quite frankly a miracle of nature!All summer, I heard people mentioning that Magic Carpet is THE best food truck near campus, so my friend and I were super excited to try it out a few weeks ago.  Their menu is filled with interesting choices, all for pretty cheap (which, as broke grad students, we love).  We both ordered the Bella Donna and each walked away with a box of tofu meatballs, melted cheese, sauce, vegetables over brown rice, and a wheat pita all for under $4!
As far as the food goes, we were a little disappointed probably just because we had such high expectations.  It was definitely satisfying (how can anything with a melted layer of cheese not be?), but it wasn't out of this world amazing. Then again, for a meal under $4 out of a food cart, it's still pretty impressive.  
Because the flavors of the Bella Donna just didn't do it for me, I am eager to go back and try a few other of their dishes.  Hopefully I will stumble across one that I love to keep happy for the next few years in Philly!Food (9.0/10) = Ordered the Bella Donna (yes to cheese and hot sauce) since it was the most mentioned dish on Yelp.  This dish was delicious and the tofu meatballs were amazing.  The rice underneath the meatballs and cheese was nicely done.  Will ask for extra hot sauce next time.  
Ambiance (??/10) = Magic Carpet is a food truck...
Service (10/10) = The people here are really friendly.  Since this was my first time here, they gave me some recommendations for my next visit.  Will definitely try them the next time I stop by the Magic Carpet.
Overall Opinion = Probably the best food truck I've visited that's around the Penn campus.  Only giving this 4 yelp stars since I've only tried one item from this place.  If I could say the Bella Donna was one of the best things I've eaten in my life, then this place would get the 5th yelp star.I eat here a lot.  It's right behind the school of design, so I only have to walk about 10 feet (and downstairs) from the studio in order to grab a yummy meal.
Food never disappoints.  I haven't tried everything on the menu, but I've tried a lot.  Almost everything can be made vegan which is great.  Prices are reasonable too.  Below, foods I've had:
seizan (favorite) - seitan, veggies, rice, tahini, hot sauce.  Moist, yummy, filling.
falafal - I prefer it with rice and veggies.  Very crispy and good.  Comes with a wedge of lemon that really makes it special.
southwest wrap - all in all, meh, when compared to other foods
adriani (stuffed grape leaves) - love these.  Lemony and good.  Get these in a combo with another meal if you're hungry
African peanut soup - yumtown USA
Just try not to go between noon and 1, as you'll be in line for a long time.There is always a line, but it moves quickly, and it is worth the few minutes you may have to wait.  This is one of my all time favorite food truck.  The food is reasonably priced and always fresh and delicious.  The owners are very friendly and always greet you with a smile.  Give them a try, you will not be disappointed.My favorite food truck! I've love the Bella Donna and their cookies are always a nice treat. I usually get the a la carte size; the cup holds more than you think it does.
I also tried the foo chow but the baked tofu is cold, which I am not a fan of. Also, the pita bread offered with the meal is quite hard. I prefer softer pita.This was my go-to food truck all year for lunch, while attending classes nearby. The food is fresh, interesting, and manages to provide lots of options for those following gluten-free AND vegan diets. There are always freshly baked gluten-free, vegan cookies, and the service is always really friendly. I've gotten the various salads on multiple occasions, and love topping them with stuffed grape leaves, and then various kinds of dressings and sauces. Reliably good, and you get a lot for your money, too!Located at 34th and Walnut (on the UPENN grassy side)
Sawthe reviews and had to give it a try. I usually don't like falafel, but this sandwich had the right consistency to it. 
For $5.50 you get a huge pita bread stuffed alllll the way to the top with falafel patties and salad. The tahini sauce is great and the hot sauce is a definite for those of us who love our spicy food! You get so much for the price and its all delicious. 
Kind and fast service considering theres always a long line here. Thank you for a wonderful meal! I'll be back soon!Visit this food truck almost every day. Usually get a small foo chow, really like the fried tofu.Excellent quality! Always friendly service, good prices. Definitely my favorite food truck!! Highly recommend the Foo Chow (baked tofu over rice). Also, cookies are really great. Generally they always have some sort of chocolate in them (personally not a chocolate fan), but the ones I have had are always yummy.Magic Carpet is a West Philadelphia institution.  The Falafel is great and the magic meatballs are a must-try even if your a meat lover.
In terms of a healthy and delicious food truck meal, look no further.
Note: the line is VERY long during most lunch times, this is merely a sign that the food is great.  The line moves pretty quickly, so don't be discouraged!  On second though, be discouraged, just means more for me!Magic Carpet is one of my favorite places to get lunch.  The food is delicious, healthy, freshly made, and customizable.  Plus the owners give great tips on how to order.  They suggested combining the tahini and balsamic dressings on the baked tofu (both sandwich and salad), and it really is the best!
I've had the Bella Donna (tofu meatballs in red sauce over rice and veggies), the Magic Meatballs (same thing minus the rice in a pita), the baked tofu salad and sandwich, the falafel, the excellent vegan baked goods, a few of the wraps, and everything has been tasty and filling.  Most items are under $7.  Can't beat that!
I would recommend Magic Carpet to vegetarians, vegans, and carnivores alike!  Get there around 11:45 to skip the line, although the line moves fast and it's definitely worth the wait!This is the best food cart on Spruce street in the UPenn area!
Okay, maybe I have not tried enough to pass this off as truth. But, it is the best I have had.
I am not a vegetarian. In fact, I love my meat and insist on it with most meals. But, on occasion, I will have a meatless meal. This was one of those occasions.
After consulting with Yelp and several friends, I decided the Magic Carpet was worth a try.
I got this dish called Dervish. It came with falafel, hummus, and tabouli, on top of salad with pita bread. It was fresh, well portioned, and very tasty. In fact, if you like these food items, this will please your senses very much.
I must say, if I were a vegetarian, I probably would be okay with eating at the Magic Carpet every day.Tasty and healthy. Love it and go very often. But...but! Too much fake meat options. Too bland...why fear real flavor? Why stick in granulated tofu in so many dishes? And falafels: not the real deal by a long stretch. My favorites are the tofu salad and the soups.When I was in grad school, I must have had 3 to 4 meals a week at Magic Carpet.  Everything they make is so darn yummeh... the magic meatballs, the rice with veggies, the hot sauce, the chili, the "special of the day" curries you can catch on a lucky day, even those egg-free vegan cookies.  Holy crap, the cookies!  Definitely an under-appreciated feature of the Magic Carpet menu.  I wish they'd start up a second truck downtown... I think there's a space free right outside my house.Let's be honest, Magic Carpet is hands down one of the best lunch trucks in the entire city. Just a few blocks away from school and work for me, I sometimes eat here 3 or 4 times a week. Both Debbie and Dean are nice and they hook up some huge meals for little money. I usually enjoy the 'Dervish Delight' which is hummus, falafel and tabouli over salad. Try it with 'everything' which is balsamic, tahini, sesame seeds and hot sauce and I swear you won't be let down. The 'Calico Katy' which is veggie & tofu chili over salad is also a personal favorite.
They always have new specials like seitan satay and a variety of fresh baked cookies. If you live, work or go to school in UCity and haven't made it to Magic Carpet yet, you are definitely missing out.I'm pretty impatient when it comes to waiting for food, so it really says something that I will wait 20 minutes (at the peak of lunch time) to order from Magic Carpet.  The food never disappoints.  I mostly hover around the Seitan grinder (like a vegetarian cheese steak in a pita), the magic meatball (tofu meatballs that are actually good!), or the hummus pita (recommended to get it with balsamic dressing and toasted sesame seeds).
I really can't get enough of this place!  I've braved the line in the dead of winter and the heat of summer.  So lucky that I work in the neighborhood.
(BTW they DO accept credit cards, but I think it's a 50 cent surcharge.)I hadn't been here in over 10 years and I was so geeked to finally get a chance to reunite with my favorite tofu meatball dish! This was where I first fell in love with tofu. The meatballs are very hearty and taste just like meat (well, to me it does). It's a great lunch dish served over rice with lettuce, cheese & marinara sauce. If you like a little kick get it spicy and they also give you a side of pita bread. They have other items on the menu, but I've always ordered the same thing and I've always been pleased ;-)Let me start this out  by saying that I love meat. I eat meat all day, every day. I dare to say no gluten or soy substitute in the world comes close to having that "hearty" taste. Yet, it was a recommendation from my co-worker that kept Magic Carpet in the back of my mind. After getting out of class early, I headed over to the cart, which had its legendary long line. It didn't take long though, because there were two guys manning the windows. When I was prompted to order, I blabbed the first thing I saw, the Dervish Delight. It came in a round foil tin with a lot of stuff. A lot of stuff indeed.
There was a salad, pita bread, hummus, taboulli and falafel. The pita bread was separate, but everything else was smushed together. Despite the fact that the lemon I had was a tad on the sour side, I was satisfied!The hummus tasted fairly fresh and the falafel had a little flavor kick to it. I didn't think much of itl, but something....(My stomach?) kept nagging me to go back. I caved, and this time tried the Bella Donna after reading some reviews on yelp. It was delicious to say the least. The veggie meatballs were warm and doused with cheese and hot sauce (I strongly recommend that combo!) At the bottom was some sort of rice with veggies. It was soooo good. I never have the heart to order anything else. The BD only cost $4.50, a la carte. Their menu is online, so get a good look on their other veg options.
In short, their food is awesome!Magic meatball sandwich was very yummy! A bit watery so the pita got soggy. I still ate it, so that's a good signMagic Carpet is hands down the best, and maybe the most unique, food truck in all of Philadelphia. They serve only Vegetarian and Vegan food. I like the Seitan Salad. The prices are very reasonable. The Seitan Salad is a salad overflowing with seitan and you can have it topped with cheese if you like. All for $4.50. Can't beat that. The people who work the truck are good people.
Warning: Most times, there is a line. It's worth it, if you are able to wait. I get there usually at 11:30 and there is little or no wait. Get there at noon. Ack! Be prepared to wait.This is my "go-to" veggie spot, while I'm at work. This is def one of my favorite food trucks. There are tons of other food spots around, but Magic Carpet has the yummiest vegetarian options.  From soups in the winter to tasty salads and wraps in the summer, they cant be beat. I've threatened to kidnap the owner, since no one else seems to get it right, when it comes to vegetarian food. 
Just have time to wait in line. There is always a line, I promise. But, good things come to those that wait.Eating the Magic Meatball pita as we speak...SO delicious.
Granted, I was raised a vegetarian, so I can't compare it with the taste of actual meat. But judging from the long lines, most people don't seem to care.
I'd go for the Bella Donna, chili, or baked tofu dishes. I know they're sometimes advertised as a falafel truck, but I think these are really their specialties. 
As for the line, it's definitely worth it. Like any popular/delicious/amazing thing out there, you're going to have to wait your turn. I assure you, you won't regret it. 
I know someone else commented that it's "rabbit food," but there's no way "rabbit food" would leave me as full and satisfied as I am right now. :)If you went to Penn, you have eaten at the magic carpet. Long lines can be found during each lunchtime to get quite affordable and yummy middle eastern fare. More subtle is their awesome selection of drinks.As a vegan, I always appreciate when food services know not only what my dietary needs are, but can readily tell me what they have that's vegan. Magic Carpet has lots of vegan options and I love that they make delicious vegan food rather than some places that just modify things to lame versions just to satisfy the vegans. I love their falafel salad and hummus!The best food on UPenn Campus period. No competition. we love the el gringo and bedouin specials. Very nice owners.I had a Bella Donna: veggie "meat"ball in red sauce on rice, warm, full of taste, a little spicy, perfect for fall/winter.  
I didn't go on "lunch time" - went there at 3pm and there was no line at all.Honestly my favorite lunch truck by far. I've been here on multiple occasions and the food is always beyond expectations, just on account of it being some of the most flavorful food I've ever tasted. In particularly, I highly recommend the Seitan Salad- it was easily one of the best things I've ever eaten in my life. On top of that, the guy that serve you are extremely friendly and fast.
The only drawbacks is that it's very busy, but that's to be expected given the quality of the food.
Tip: If you can wait, the line is usually pretty short around 3pm. Also, in general, I recommend getting the salads over the sandwiches. It's 25 cents more, but you get to take pita with you if you like and the pita is of only decent quality and I consider the experience better when I can consume the best parts separately from the okay.Magic Carpet is hands down the best food truck on Penn campus. It's no wonder that this truck always has the longest line - if you arrive around noon, be prepared to wait up to about 10 min until your turn to order. I love my meat, but Magic Carpet does wonders with its veggies and gives you a delicious satisfying lunch for $4-6. I am a big big fan of the magic meatball pita sandwich, but I've recently converted over to the meal deal version of this sandwich, called the Bella Donna. It's pretty much the same, but I like that the meal deal has veggies and rice with the meatball, sauce and cheese which makes it a little less messy to eat. Plus there's a pita with that too if you can't live without the pita. 
I've also tried the seitan peppersteak... which I can't say I'm the hugest fan of. I'll just stick to the meatball and falafels for now. I don't know... it just doesn't live up to what it could be I guess. If you are a fellow meat eater, I'd probably stick to the other options on the menu... and there are many!this truck used to be my (almost) everyday lunch stop when my diet was strictly vegetarian. the owner is very friendly and he'd like to encourage customers to try out new things and recommend dressings/sauce. 
interesting enough, if you choose cheese and hot sauce, all the items under daily meal or whatever that's the second group on the menu, come out the same flavor. 
they don't serve soup in late spring or during summer. which makes perfect sense.  
only thing they serve turns me off: spinach pie. I feel trader joe's has better spinach pies :/I sympathise with the people in line! There are plenty of places within a 1-block radius that gives healthy-ish food for around $7-10, but Magic Carpet is probably the yummiest for the best price. 
I guess their meal sizes not as cheap as people want out of food truck food (which is typically $4 to $5), but I think it's a great deal. If you get their$6.50 Carpet Ride (soup and half-sandwich combo), the portions are perfect and I can often keep the soup for later in the day. 
Their Bella Donna tofu meatballs are very satisfying and tasty! And their falafel sandwiches are quite yummy as well. Their seitan is so convincing it rather alarmed me the first time. 
Incredibly wholesome service. You'll almost feel like you're in an authentic bagel place in New York.I'm not going to lie. Initially, I really didn't understand why people love Magic Carpet so much. The first time I had one of the meals here, the flavors seemed really strange and I thought that the whole meal was...soggy.
Thank God those feelings didn't last.
I totally get it now.
Magic Carpet is one of the best food trucks on Penn campus, and if you couldn't figure that out already from the massive line they always have, I'm telling you now. I'm by no means a vegetarian, but I am completely willing to eat a meal devoid of meat if it comes from Magic Carpet.
Come lunchtime everyday, my stomach immediately begins to crave the moist, gooey, savory, and spicy flavors of the Seizan meal. There's just something about starchy vegetable rice topped with juicy, moist peppersteak, gooey, melted cheese, and hot sauce that really makes my stomach happy. 
Clearly, my recommendation for people here is the Seizan meal. However, all of their dishes are quite good, and if you're not a fan of seitan peppersteak, give the Bedouin meal or Geisha meal a try. The falafel is fantastic here, and the tempeh salad has a nice acidity to it that complements the rice.
Magic Carpet also has a great selection of unique sodas and drinks, and it's also one of the only food trucks on campus that accepts credit card.
Do yourself a huge favor and go to Magic Carpet.
If you don't like it at first, give it some time and then try it again. You'll fall in love, I promise.
P.S. This location is incredibly convenient for Penn engineering students, but I've noticed that they give out slightly less food than the cart on 36th.The favorite food truck and regular lunch stop. The Bella Donna and El Gringo are my go-to, but you really can't go wrong. I'm not a vegetarian, but you don't even miss it with this menu.Always a good option when I'm studying in the library at Penn and I don't have time to go somewhere too far for a meal. I've tried a few things, but I've found that my favorite is the falafel sandwich - the meals that come with rice tend to be a little to heavy for me and lead to a food coma instead of productivity, which is terrible for long sessions in the library. I'll note here that I like spicy food (like really like it) and I'm not a fan of the hot sauce that they use here. It's more heat than flavor and to me, it's like what's the point. SO you might want to take it light on the spicy sauce.
I would say overall that the food cart is 4.5 stars because it's one of the few in the area that take credit card (mastercard and visa) and cash; however, their prices are steeper than surrounding trucks and the quantity/value doesn't match for some choices on the menu so I am rounding down to 4 stars total. The line is usually really long around lunch time and they leave around 3pm during the week so make sure to plan your trip accordingly (ie make sure you have enough time to wait in line if you're going around 12 and don't wait too long).I liked the Bella Donna more than the baked tofu dish. The pita I didn't care for too much, but the tofu meatballs were great. Hot sauce and cheese recommended, since it can be a little bland.I also crave this place now that I am gone.  They had a great seitan pepper steak salad.  Their seitan with peppers inspired me to try using seitan for a vegetarian version of cheese steak hoagies out here in California.  I'm not vegetarian, but I could have eaten at this place every day.Same magic carpet from my days at Penn. Great to see it still here.  Was sad that the server didn't prompt me to get the tahini dressing on my smurf and turf. I forgot that I would add that and by the time I sat down with it I was not interested in standing in line again.This is an absolutely amazing food truck. I'm not a vegetarian but I go to this places once or twice a week for lunch. The deal of Carpet Ride (Large soup with any half sandwich)is only $6. 
Magic meatball, Seitan Grinder are both good. They have daily specials, such as veggie burgers and some kind of lasagna, also good choices. 
Lastly, they have another truck at around 36 and Spruce St.1. Popular
2. Efficient
3. Vegetarian
Consumed: 
Bella Donna
Magic Carpet is probably ranked in the top 3 for best food trucks around Penn campus. However, my first time was disappointing. The Bella Donna I ordered was wayyyy too salty, but my friend apologized on behalf of the cart and claimed that it usually taste better. Maybe it deserves a second chance--grace to a food truck.The food at Magic Carpet is fine. The falafel is often quite dry and the hummus is quite bland. Other items, like the Bella Donna I enjoy but feel no passionate urge to write home about it.
As for that mythic line, it seems like its partly due to the incredibly slow pace with which they move that seems to generate hype. That old truism that wherever there is a line people will just randomly join it. Some people think this is part of the truck's charm. While other trucks try and serve you the food as quickly as they can, the people at Magic take their time and will engage you in conversation about their tastes in music, the weather, student life all while moving at a leisurely pace. That's not shade: If that kind of interfacing is your cup of tea, you will find this charming. To my mind, however, its no indicator of the actual quality of the food.MMMMM Magic Carpet. The line outside (both trucks) is enough to let you  know how great this place is. So many options, so many sizes, and you can either have it in a sandwich or a container with pita on the side) which is what I usually do, since a stuffed sandwich can get messy. The Belladonna is delish, as are their more Mexican-inspired dishes. Of course, I throw hot sauce on everything anyway.So so so so good.  I had high expectations after a friend recommended Magic Carpet, but the Bella Donna was even better than I imagined it would be.  I had lunch here three days ago and I'm still thinking about it now.One of my favorite go-to food trucks in the University City area! Seriously...I went here every day for an entire week. I always ordered the falafel sandwich, extra spicy, sprinkled with sesame seeds. Their falafels are well prepared, flavorful, soft, and fresh. I've also tried the Bella Donna upon the server's recommendation which is rice topped with tofu meatballs covered in sauce and cheese all served in a small aluminum bowl. Both of these items are decently priced but it's worth it with the fair portions that they give you. 
There's a reason why there is always a long line for this food truck! With their fresh ingredients and friendly service, customers keep coming back and new ones keep wanting to trek over.I rock the Magic Carpet whenever I can (i.e. when I have the money - it's $7.25 for one of the full meals).  Even if you're not a vegetarian, I guarantee that you will find something filling that you will absolutely love here.  The Smurf n' Turf always goes over well with my meat-eating friends.  Start there and then work your way down the menu.So good! I still don't understand how they can fit so much food in such a tiny cart... their menu is huge!
I had the McManchu combo platter (basically a seitan cheesesteak over rice), which was a great choice. Salad was big and fresh, rice was stuffed with awesome veggies (kale, zuchinni, etc.), and the seitan was as juicy as fake meat can be. My girlfriend had the Bedouin meal deal, which featured the same delicious rice and a handful of crispy, flavorful falafel balls. Again, huge portion for a paltry price.
Will definitely be back (probably more than I should, too).Ate this all the time when I was vegan.
It's good, though not as awesome as the vegans say (or as I used to think when I was a crunchier man.)  I'll still eat there, but it's not my favorite food truck anymore. Not by a fair sight.
There are two - one on the 34th/Walnut corner and one at 36th/Spruce. Why two just steps away from one another? I have no idea. They're exactly the same.I went here for the first time today for lunch. I had the falafel pita sandwich and it was awesome! More than enough for lunch. I will definitely be back again.My favorites are the falafel pita and spinach pie--they're awesome. I also tried the tofu balls,  which was yummy, healthy, and filling. The line is fast, the people friendly. Definitely the best food truck in the area.MAGIC CARPET IS AWESOME :) A great option for a cheap, healthy lunch on the go. The portions are great as well-they have two options a la carte (for those who want a smaller portion) and meal (slightly bigger). You also get pita bread on the side with your orders, so it's very filling. My all time favorite is the Bella Donna with cheese. The meatballs with the veggies & tomato sauce are very flavorful. The specials are also good! During lunch time, there is usually a big line, but it goes by pretty fast. 
The only reason I wouldn't give a five star is because it's a little bit salty.Just had a Dervish Delight combo meal. This place is really good for lunch. On an absolute scale, it's still decent, but don't expect a fancy experience, as it is still a food truck. Great food, but you have to make sure you are in the mood for it. Will likely come back here next time I am at UPenn.I do enjoy the food here.  I would skip the salad and the pita, and just order a side dish, a soup, or a meal.  Good flavors, feels healthy, and even though the lines can get long at lunch, they move fairly quickly.This is the best vending food cart that I have ever eaten from. Let me preface this by saying that I am neither vegetarian nor vegan. The healthy food options here are superb! The style of food is more Middle Eastern and Mediterranean. 
Everything that I ordered from this food truck has been delicious. The line near UPenn's campus can get fairly long during the lunch hour. 
Here is what I tried so far:
Spinach Pie
Falafel
Taboulli salad
Greek Salad
Pita Sandwich on whole wheat pita with baba ganouj, w/ salad
They have two carts 11am-3pm Monday-Fri:
courtyard at 34th and Walnut streets
Spruce St. between 35th and 36thWhich is the cooler truck?  Truckasaurus, or the Magic Carpet food truck?  Until the day Magic Carpet breaths fire, or Truckasaurus serves cheap, delicious, vegetarian lunches, the answer will remain cloaked in clandestine mystery.Mmm, the Bella Donna with cheese and extra hot sauce is super good, yo. I don't know how they get their magic meatballs to taste so... meaty ("magical," since it's actually tofu), but it certainly makes vegetarianism a teensy bit more appealing!I honestly can't figure out what the appeal to this place is. It's a vegetarian food cart, but there's little that vegan and they can't even tell you with certainly what's not vegan. I come here because it's nearby school. It's not awful, but don't let the excellent reviews fool you.Magic carpet is my favorite campus food cart. The food is healthier than most other food carts and decidedly less greasy. The food is classified as global vegetarian and it's extremely flavorful. Many items come topped with hot sauce and cheese and the spicing is excellent. Order the magic meatball for only 5 dollars (soy meatballs, red sauce, cheese, hot sauce and salad in a whole wheat pita). The salad has actual vegetables in it, not just iceberg lettuce, which is a welcome surprise. Also at the 36th street location the woman is better at packing the pita so order from her if you can.I completely agree with everything everyone says about Magic Carpet.
It is the best lunch truck option on campus, hands down. 
I'm particularly fond of the Foo Chow with everything on it. 
I have never had even the smallest issue or complaint with the dudes running the show, the food, etc.  If the worst thing you can say about a place is that the wait is long, then I'd say you've found a winner.Amazing vegeterian food. They have very tasty falafel sandwich and lasagna.A favorite food truck on campus! They make awesome veggie versions of everything.
Feeling savoury? Bella donna meatless meatballs!
Want a crunch? Tempeh salad tastes like your favorite homemade chicken salad
Want something sweet? Absolutely don't miss the chocolate chip cookies.The best felafels in Philadelphia. If you want better, you will have to get on an airplane to the Middle East, or a train up to New York.
The felafel balls themselves are tasty and moist, the sauce is good, and the guys in the truck are friendly. A perfect option for lunch.Their perfectly spiced tofu meatballs could convert meat-eating cavemen and the subtle black pepper in their homemade hummus is divine.  I can't wait to eat my way through their menu.Being new to the Philadelphia area and UPenn, my coworkers have introduced me to the new world of food trucks on Spruce. 
We went to Magic Carpet today, braving the seemingly endless line. It wasn't until we were nearly at the front that I was told it was a vegetarian place. What?!?!?! I'm a carnivoire! I don't do vegetarian stuff!
To my surprise, it was freakin' good. I had the bella nova meal, which consisted of rice, veggies, and tofu meatballs (although ground up) topped with cheese. Holy cow...I mean, tofu.
It was the perfect size too, and for only $5.50!YumYum yummmmmmmmy yum yum!  I come here as much as I can during the school year but that wait during normal lunch hours is a killer.  If you come right when they open or late in the afternoon, you won't have to wait but sometimes, the line is just too much.  This place is all vegetarian so if you're looking for meat, you should go elsewhere or get psyched out by the magic meatballs.  I like to get everything in the pita instead of separately, which I've seen people do.  The sauce is great and there is lots of it.  The pita which is quite thin will get very wet from the sauce and start to fall apart so watch your food as you eat it or it might end up on your lap!  Keep it in the foil that they wrap your food in because the juices will start draining out the bottom.  There is tons of flavor in the vegetarian meatballs and the falafel is good too.  Portion sizes are decent for lunch and will keep you pretty full til dinnertime.  All the times I've been there, the servers are efficient and will serve you quickly even when there is no line.when I sued to work near here, my whole department used to get lunch from here. No matter how many times we talked about it, once a week we'd have to just talk about how awesome this truck is. It's healthy, filling, cheap and the guys that work there rock.  We used to get some eggplant and brown rice deal that was so tasty. I'm not one to go vegetarian for a meal, but this place is the bees knees.The Magic Carpet food truck is one of the best around University City Philadelphia, if not all of Philly. They're well known and have been interviewed by several newspapers and networks, and I've had some of the best mobile vegetarian fare there in my life. 
I used to think that I could never be a vegetarian, but with Magic Carpet, it's actually possible. Their vegetarian meat dishes taste just like better-tasting versions of the original -- almost anything I've tried (perhaps with exception of the falafel, it's good but not the best), surprised me with how good it was. Their portions are well-sized for their price as well, and the service is ever-friendly.
Try the magic meatballs and the lasagna -- both fantastic -- just watch out for the line!Loved it .. I went today after reading all the reviews on here in hopes that being as though school Is not in session there wouldn't be a long line... And there wasn't which gave me time for one of the guys to give me a recommendation.. I got the meatball pita DELISH .. Will def be back to try moreHad Falafel with baba ganoush/hot sauce
Flavor explosion in your mouth.  A little too much.  
Worth a try.  Long lines at lunch.  Go before 12 or after 1 on weekedays (or expect to wait.)The only way I could ever dream of being a vegetarian is if all the food tasted like this. Now I am usually a meat loving person that would take his steak with a side of pork belly but this little food cart is good enough that I don't need the meat. I've had two things from here and they were both amazing. First of all is the falafel which is why I go here most of the time. It is perfect, nicely seasoned and you couldn't ask for more. But the real hero here is the tofu meatballs. I know what you are thinking, tofu meatballs sound disgusting and that is what I thought too. I was even talking about it while I was waiting in line to get some falafel which is when one of the people from the cart overheard me. She said that I don't what I am missing and gave me a sample. My world was changed. These were better than most meat containing meatballs. The sauce was one of the best I have ever had anywhere and the texture was surprisingly nice for tofu, again better than most meatballs.
Overall, I will be back but be forewarned there is usually a long line at all times because the food is delicious