Good pie. Especially like the three for $14 on Friday nights. Would recommend. A little on the expensive side but it's nice for a treat every now and thenThe banana cream pie on Magpie's spring menu is the banana bomb. It's topped off with a dollop of whipped cream. But why ruin it by sprinkling corn flakes on top of it (maybe crushed pretzels would be better?) Fortunately you can order it without the corn flakes if you are seeking banana perfection.Lovely space. Greeted right on cue and the ladies behind the counter were super friendly and knowledgeable. We got a visual tour of each pie and decided on the cherry, which was delicious. We also had the awesome housemade ginger ice cream. Service was really impeccable. We will be back! And probably walk out with a whole pie next time.Oh heavenly deliciousness. I've only visited Magpie once, but it was enough to know there's something special here. Their pie menu changes regularly to keep with the seasons, and from my own experience, their pie is GOOOOOD.
Not only did I really enjoy the pie that I tried during my visit, but I also purchased their cookbook and have really loved the pies I have made thus far, which only confirms how great they are at making pies.
If you're visiting Philly and love pie, Magpie should be on your to do list!This place is different and worth a visit. They also can provide pies to you to take home and store. We have had both and they taste great both ways. 
There are three things that I think really make this place.
1. They are always changing up options, which makes me want to pop in and see what delicious new pies they have.
2. They make both delicious savory and sweet pies, so if you and your travel mate like the opposites, it makes for a perfect marriage :)
3. Continuing from number 2, there is the "Mole Chili Frito Pot Pie." Remember Fritos?! You have to try this one!Magpie is only a couple blocks from my house, so I'm pretty scared about how often I'm going to go here. This place is adorable inside and has a selection of 5-7 sweet and savory pies at any given time. I had their caramel apple pie and absolutely loved it - who doesn't love pie. It was especially great because they drizzled caramel over the top before serving it. They also have great coffee and hot drinks, so I'll probably stop in here pretending to only get coffee, but mostly wanting an excuse to check out their pies. 
They also offer pie making class all summer long - definitely on my to do list.Tried Magpie last night after reading a bunch of great reviews. Both tables were full so we sat at the bar. We were greeted right away by Courtney, our waitress. She was helpful with making suggestions on what to try and easy to talk to our entire time at Magpie. I had the shepherds pie and my friend had the chicken pot pie. Both were excellent! My shepherds pie came topped with a cauliflower mash which was a great addition to a pie that would have been fine on its own. For dessert, we both had a slice of butterscotch bourbon. In one word: amazing! It was so creamy and the crust was perfect. They change their menu often so we're looking forward to going back again! They also offer a pie making class twice a month which we're also anxious to try. Give this place a try, you won't be disappointed!My friends and I had a slice of the  Butterscotch Bourbon and the Butter Almond Pie with a scoop of vanilla ice cream on the side. Both very tasty and the service was quick. Wish the pie was served warm, hence the 4 stars. I'm sure they'd warm the pie if you asked them too, which we did not ask for. Worth the visit.I may be one of the few who think that this place is a little overrated. Don't get me wrong - I do love the ambiance of this place tucked in on South Street and the pies are good, but for me it was a little too hyped up.
A few friends and I came after eating at Entree BYO (just a few stores down, conveniently), and came here for dessert. It took quite a while to get our orders in, since there was only one person manning the tables. We ordered a sweet pie and a savory one - I liked the savory one a lot; the pie crust was very buttery and the filling was extremely hearty. In comparison, the sweet pie (a Mexican chocolate pie) faded into the background.The great thing about Magpie is their changing menu with new savory and sweet pies... this also sucks because if you LOVE pie you better find out if it's just a monthly special! My personal savory pie fave is the shepherd's pie and sweet is coconut cream... sadly both are specials!! 
On this trip we came in just for dessert. I got the cheery custard pie and my friend got the Thin Mint. Both of us were happy with our choices and were ready for a nap when we got home ;) 
Magpie is a great place, they've found a unique and fun way to enjoy a traditional comfort food. I'm always happy when I leave there.I could talk about pie all day. Apple pie. Strawberry rhubarb pie. Raspberry plum pie. Key lime pie. I'm pretty much a pie connoisseur, so when we stopped in the other day for a couple of iced lattes to shake off our grogginess, I had to try at least one of these yummy pies. The blackberry hand pie was fantastic! The crust was perfectly flaky and the sweet blackberries inside were incredibly flavorful. I love the balance of sweet and savory pies and how the menu changes along with what's in season. Looking over the bar at an arrangement of homemade pies was enough for me to get ready to come back!Upon my return from Seattle and my life-changing discovery of Pie in Fremont, I implored the Philly Yelpers to tell me where I could get a slice of heaven on this coast.  There were few options that came up in other towns and a few places that had pie on their menu but none that revered pie enough to make it the main attraction.  
The pie gods must have heard my cries because 18 months later Magpie is here!  At the first chill in the air, I pulled on my boots and headed over for lunch.  The fat kid living inside me made sure I ordered a sampling so that I could get my pie fix.  As it was late summer, their menu was true to the season.  For savory, I ordered the tomato and corn and croque monsieur.  For sweet I ordered the apple pie and lime with basil.
Magpie is ridiculously cute inside.  It is very simple with adorable warm wallpaper and a long marble bar with stools.  I also love the simple but vintage pendant lights.  
I brought my pastry riches back to the office.  My intention was to eat each a savory and a sweet for lunch and then save the other 2 for dinner.  Of course, I couldn't help but try all four.
The tomato and corn was quite flavorful and simple.  The corn was not over cooked or mushy so it had a good texture.  The pickled veggies that come with each savory pie had good crunch to them.  The croque monsieur was ok but the mustard was too strong for me.
The lime custard was great and had that citrus smack that I love in lime pies.  The basil whipped cream topping took it to another level.  The apple pie was possibly the best I have ever had (and I didn't even warm it up).  
I can tell that the pie is made from scratch and totes the artisinal label, but it comes at a price. That is where my heart broke. For those 4 pieces, my bill came to almost $30 ($8+ for savory and $5 for sweet).   What it did do was show me that my love for pie will forever burn in my heart and so I will have to start making them at home.  Otherwise, I will have to wait for special days to bellyup to their counter.Love local places, esp specialty shops and Who doesn't love pie?! We wanted to try both sweet and savory, so he got the coconut cream pie (nice balance of coconut, not too sweet) with some decadent white hot chocolate. I'm trying the chicken and biscuit pot pot, beautiful and tasty.    The biscuit was a little peppery and i wouldn't call the filling quite thick enough, but still tasty.  But for me it's all about the crust!  Buttery, flaky, and smothered with the remainder of the savory pie made for a perfect finish.  We will be back.
it's not a huge place, but the staff is super friendly and helpful and the decor is cute.  Sweet pie runs around $6 and savory around $9.50 - but filling and a complete meal served with some nicely dressed greens.I live right around the corner and have been desperately wanting to come, but alas, my boyfriend who doesn't love dessert as much as I do always shoots down the idea. I was home from work with a cold, I was feeling crappy and needed a pick me up- enter Magpie I dragged myself there and ordered a slice of the cinnamon coffee chocolate pecan. Not one of the flavors overpowered, they all worked in harmony to create sweet pie-perfection. Since I took it to go, I popped it in the microwave so everything was warm and gooey (not sure if they do this in the shop, but they should!) 
I have since started to follow them on Facebook, where the post what the weekend pie trio theme is. I can't wait to go back and try the other offerings and won't take no for an answer from the boyfriend.Craving something sweet?!? This is your place for a late night bite or anytime of the day. They have a cute counter with full service hot and cold beverages. Serving La Colombe coffee. I love how they are open until 11pm. A great place to end the night with a date or talk among friends.  
Ordered: apple pie a la mode was the main reason we stopped in, but I couldn't resist the coconut creme pie. I told the waitress that we were going to finish the apple pie in the shop and only take a couple bites of the coconut and bring the rest home. The first bite took me away... the pie crust was perfect, nice and flakey and the filing was just right, not to sweet. We finished both slices of pie... 
Services: the ladies here are sweet and very knowledgeable. They took the time to talk to use about the owner and the establishment. She mentioned that the owner's great grandma's original pie recipe hangs on the wall. Also, checked on how we were doing mid dessert.
Overall: can't wait to go back and try their signature sweet pie and looking forward to trying their savory pies too!Pricey but tasty for a treat every once in awhile when I'm in the mood for pie. The butterscotch bourbon pie is really buttery and tasty, but I recommend eating it chilled - seems to be one of their bestsellers and the style reminds me of Momofuku's crack pie. The chicken pot pie is also unique and good for a first taste, but not sure if I'll get it again w/ the price.Update- still a fun place to go for a slice of pie, but I don't recommend buying a whole pie here. When I did, they basically charged me by the slice, so a regular-size pie was over 40 bucks.This place is amazing! From its delicious pies that are surprisingly not heavy to its fresh interiors - what's not to love about magpie!
Ate the chicken pot pie with biscuit and chocolate black out....both left me wanting more! Looking forward to trying other flavors the next time around cause I know I'll be back!
Note - get there early, or else you may note get your choice of pie.So, went here for the first time today. We had the Apple pie al la mode! It was fantastic and so was my cappuccino! The Decor was simple & modern with a touch of whimsy. Great stop for some sweet decadence, I highly recommend! Also bring someone to split a slice with, they are pretty sizable.Came back for more pie. The chocolate cream was amazing and the butterscotch bourbon was tasty as well. I liked the last bourbon pie better though. The person working there gave me less ice cream and whipped cream than the first time :(I have not tried the savory pies so this review is only for the sweet pies.  
I love pies (sweet ones not savory) but they prevent me from achieving buns of steel and washboard abs - Magpie is definitely not helping. Even though I love the idea of catching up with a friend in the city over a slice of pie, Magpie pies are so good that I don't think I can leave after only eating one slice.
I first tried the bourbon butterscotch pie, fell in love with the flaky and flavorful crust and the filling that wasnt overly sweet, and subsequently took a pie making class on Valentines day (fun and recommend) where I learned how to make raspberry chocolate pies and apple crumb pies. Also learned that Magpie makes most of their stuff from scratch, even the marshmallows!The key lime mango pie was spot on!!! Def recommend it. The best key lime pie I had was in Key West and Magpie came close to it. Well doneYummy pie!!! Mmmmm reminded me of something my great grandmother would have made but Magpie's was so much better! I had the Berry Lavender pie and t was just amazing.  It had blackberries, raspberries, strawberries and a few other types of berries...it was very good! I cleaned the plate! The server was very nice! 
It has a very short menu though just as a sidenote and some pies are seasonal line the apple which is what I really wanted but it wasn't on the menu because apples aren't in season!Novelty does not equal quality. 
1. The crust was neither flaky nor buttery. Buttery crusts typically are flat and flaky crusts are not the best. If one is unsuccessful at both, maybe you shan't open a pie place. 2. No mastery of the classics (apple crumb =avg), and uninspired flavors. Sure, the salted caramel apple pie decent,  but so is Starbucks' salted caramel mocha. The so called signature butterscotch, was not custard-y at all--more similar to butterscotch pudding poured into a mediocre pie crust. The pecan pie was off base as well--overly coffee tasting, and separate layers of a gelatinous corn syrup filling, coffee something layer, and burned pecans. This experience was incredibly disappointing. Especially because I'd love to support a local business, and the decor is so amazing! 
The last straw though, are the TINY slices that are 5 dollars each. I wouldn't recommend this place one bit. 3 slices of mediocre pie are not worth $19--and  we were not offered whipped cream.The best pie place you'll find in the Philadelphia area. Sweet or savory, you can't lose.Been here plenty of times. Their menu is always changing and they make the pies fresh, so it's not uncommon to see they've run out of a flavor. When they had the girlscount mint chocolate flavor, that was the bomb. They always have these milk steamers (they can use any milk!) that are absolutely delicious with a late-night bite, because it's delicious side to dessert without the caffeine. I love going here and am always sad when I see the "Sorry, no more pies" sign, but thankfully haven't seen it enough to make it a deal-breaker.Very cute place, quick and friendly service, good savory pie -mac & cheese was the best vegetarian option.We got their sampler.  I preferred their pies with fruit filling.  The cherry plum almond, peach pie and blueberry pie were delicious.  After eating blueberry pie from this place I can never get it from anywhere else.  The bourbon butterscotch and their almond pie were sickeningly sweet.  Expensive, but good fruit filling.If I could give Magpie a higher star rating I would. This place is amazing. It's like having your mother cook a fresh pot pie as soon as you order it (although your mothers is better right? RIGHT?... actually, probably not). 
As soon as you walk in the smell of fresh pot pies hits you and you start salivating. The only solution at that point is to dig in. When your pie is set before you everyone stops talking. Every once in a while someone will utter how delicious their pie is and then steal a bit of yours cause it looks so good. But it's ok, steal some of theirs cause you know you want to. You have to. 
My favorite so far is the chicken pot pie. The chicken, veggies, the crust all just melts together and it's heaven in your tummy. 
It's a great place to go during the winter to warm up and get that spring in your step again. 
I would recommend this for the out-of-towner as well as the person who lives a block away and, sadly, hasn't tried it yet.Most of the pies I've had here, both sweet and savory, have been pretty darn good. Though I've had a few passable pies, the odds are that anything you order will be good. I love the mixed berry and peach. On the savory side, the pulled pork and samosa pies are great. The place is really cute, with a pie bar! The ice cream is pretty good! The servers are always cool. This is a great stop on date night.Great experience here tonight!  Amazing pies and friendly service (shout out to Madison who was very personable). We came in for the special pie and beer tasting night. Generous portions and goooood deal! The pies just kept coming. I stopped by at 7:30 and it was packed so we came back at 8:30. They were friendly and said they'd love to get us in and would have a table soon. We eventually got in and the savory pies to start were awesome (chicken pot pie and Mac n cheese). For dessert we got three: bourbon butterscotch, lemon gingersnap, and caramel apple. Favorites were the lemon gingersnap, and my husband the bourbon- although the apple was great too. All very flavorful. Beer pairings were a great compliment- lager, stout, cider, and dogfish head namaste. Will be back in December to do this again!!My first time here was for a cooking class where we made strawberry crumb pie. So delicious! I absolutely never bake and have never made a pie before and yet I left feeling like an expert ! 
I have been back a couple times since and every time has been good. I tried their bourbon butterscotch and may be slightly obsessed with their chocolate crumb pie. I can't wait to try their savory stuff but until then this will be my go to dessert place.Mmmhmmm, super yummy chicken pot pie. Dense crust keeping the flavorful ingredients and sauce inside of the pie and not just making everything mushy. Veggies were fresh and had bite, sauce and chicken flavored just right. Looks deceptively small and is so filling. Not sure I will be able to fit any of their really yummy looking sweet pies..ahh of course I will ;) it'll be the seasonal Cranberry Blackberry Pie.I stopped by here for an indulgent afternoon snack on a Sunday afternoon to close out a visit to Philadelphia. Between two of us we shared a slice of the butterscotch bourbon and the cranberry apple walnut (pie of the month). The butterscotch bourbon was amazing, deep richness and complexity of flavors but also something I don't see typically at pie shops. The cranberry apple was great as well and a bit more traditional balancing the tartness of the cranberries with the sweetness of the apple. Although I'm a fan of pie, I'm pretty bad at describing the different crusts but I'll say I liked the crust on the butterscotch bourbon between than that of the cranberry apple (not such a fan of the thicker, buttery edges of the crust that are harder to break with one's fork, but this is a personal preference I'm sure). Anyways, Magpie is great, I was disappointed I didn't come here earlier in the day to try one of their savory pies as well. Maybe next time I'm in Philly!SO GOOD! both sweet and savory pie selection, very cute little interior, and not too overpriced. And the option to turn a piece into a milkshake is definitely a plus. Would definitely recommend this place to satisfy everyone's pie cravings!After one bite of their May special (lemon buttermilk with saltine crust), I stopped being able to speak in complete sentences for a while. All I could do was eat pie, moan at the taste of the pie, and mutter the word, "perfect" while taking another bite. So, I decided to gather up some of my rambling thoughts about Magpie for your reading pleasure:
P: pies that are exquisitely crafted from scratch every day
E: easily the best dessert spot in town
R: really adorable waitstaff that are spunky, knowledgeable, and sweet (as pie)
F: feeling like I'm in a cloud when I bite into the butterscotch bourbon pie
E: eating/drinking the pie milkshake, especially with crumb
C: crumb pies, custard pies, savory pies, fruit pies, quiches, pot pies, oh my!
T: that feeling when you get the last slice of the night of the pie you desire most
TBH, you should probably stop reading and just head on over there right this second. Tell Simone I said hi.This place redefines what we know as pie. The bourbon butterscotch was absolutely exquisite, and from what I saw my friends order everything listed was delectable. Savory or sweet, these pies will change your life. I'm serious. These pies have had a lasting effect on my life. Forever. The decor was very cozy, with soft lighting and handmade decorations. The staff were friendly and very helpful. Overall, it felt like I was just spending an evening at home, only a world-renowned pie chef was tending to my every need.Omg.   This is amazing.  We had Mexican hot  chocolate and butterscotch bourbon pies. Amazing!!We ducked in here to enjoy some pie, iced coffee and air conditioning on the uncharacteristically warm day. We had a slice of pear ginger pie, two coffees and an iced tea between us. 
The pie slice was generous, which it should be for its $6 price tag, with a healthy portion of fresh whipped cream. The pie crust was flaky and moist and delicious - I often leave edges of pie crust aside, but here, I found myself sneaking bites of the crust before I had even finished the filling. The ginger wasn't as noticeable as I would've liked, but the flavor overall was good anyway. The whipped cream was perfect -- great consistency, not too sweet.
Iced coffee is good and strong. Sugar syrup and almond milk were available on request. 
We got a bit of a vibe that they didn't love that four of us sat there for 80 minutes or so chatting, but maybe that was us and not them. The rest of the place was empty, so we didn't feel like we were being greedy taking up a table. I definitely hope to be back to sample more slices.I am so grateful to Magpie for getting Philadelphia out of the cupcake rut! Magpie treats pie baking like a craft - dreaming up delicious flavor combinations beyond the traditional. The crust is, by far, the best part of a Magpie pie - flaky and slightly crisp on the outside but tender inside. No tooth cracking crunch here! Flavors like lime custard are elevated past the likes of the traditional key lime pie by the addition of a sublime basil custard and pistachio crunch. The caramel custard takes on a deep smokey flavor with the addition of bourbon. The fruit pies are equally delicious as Magpie utilizes the freshest local fruit of the season. My go-to savory choice is the Chicken Pot Pie which is instantly comforting and chock-full of meat and veggies. Pull it out of the oven on a crisp Fall day and you'll completely forget that your mom didn't make it for you! Last, but not least, do yourself a favor and get their salted carmel latte - an instant belly warmer and perfect complement to any of Magpie's apple pies.I stopped in for the first time with my significant other and was very impressed with the pie, venue, and service. The venue isn't too big but has enough space at the bar or tables to sit. It also has a lot of cute decorations to make a date or time with friends/family enjoyable.
As for the pie, I went with the cafe mocha. It was sooooo good! The cream was light and had a rich coffee flavor. The crust was buttery and flaky, but maintained its form well. I also got a side of ice cream and the bill came out to $8.50. Looking forward to coming back to try more pies and hope to venture into the savory ones!
(They also have cooking classes online. It's something I hope to do, but you have to book well in advance!)Great food. My wife and I shared the savory mac & cheese pie with pulled pork. Then we finished with a slice of Apple pie. A must stop if you are any where near South Street!Magpie makes pie and brews La Colombe.  The menu is concise and divided into sweet and savory selections.  A sweet pie runs about $5 a slice, while a personal sized savory pie ranges from $8-9.  And because Magpie keeps its menu focused and simple, it means that these homemade pies are really, really, really good.
I came here on a frigid January night with one of my besties for the Winter Warmer special: one savory pie, one sweet pie, and your choice of coffee or tea ($14).  We both got the Chicken Pot Pie: a small but dense concoction of tender chicken, buttery vegetables, warm gravy, and a flaky savory crust.  All of the ingredients worked really well together and the pie was perfectly sized.  I also enjoyed the breadcrumb and cranberry sauce topping, reminded me of a mini Thanksgiving dinner.  As for dessert, I opted for the Butterscotch Bourbon pie while my friend ordered the Chocolate Cinnamon Coffee Pecan.  Both were served with homemade whipped cream and tasted amazing.  My pie was soft, creamy, and sweet without being overpowering.  Hers had a warm chocolatey center with a soft flaky crust to balance it out.  You can really tell when you taste the pies that they're made with care and quality ingredients.
Magpie also gets bonus points for the terrific, personal service and free wifi.  The servers could not have been nicer or more helpful, and really make you feel at home.  My only gripes?  One could argue that the pie is just a tad pricey (but you are getting top notch ingredients and pie), and perhaps next time I would ask for a knife to help make it easier to eat.
An outstanding addition to the South Street scene and definitely not to be missed.Homemade pie blended inside of a milkshake?  SERIOUSLY??? SIGN ME UP EVERY DAY OF THE WEEK (and twice on the weekend)!!!
So, my coworker/good friend knows that I have a serious issue with all things sweet.  So whenever she sees a blog or article of something ridiuculously sweet, sugary and just overall amazing, of course she always fills me in.  Magpie totally met the 1) sweet 2) sugary and 3) overall amazing criteria - so when Diana clued me in, it obviously became my new life's mission to get to 1622 South St. 
Attempt #1 was at 6:30PM on a Sunday, yes I know - it was a 1/2 hour before closing.  So I should not have been surprised when they were all out of sweet pies.  When at first she doesn't succeed, this gal tries and tries again!  
Alas -  this past Saturday my husband promised to take me after his basketball tournament. As I've noted in previous posts - my husband lacks a sweet tooth (perfect case of opposites attracting).  Usually, he will just try a bite of my dessert and that will hold him over for days/weeks.  But after smelling and seeing the delicious assortment of pies, he ordered the caramel apple pie (the crust was so good that it could be packaged and sold on any street corner in a glassine bag marked "good stuff").  For me, I ordered the Lemon/Basil pie shake - so, so, so good! I'm sure I will be reuniting w/ said Lemon Basil shake in the very, very near future!What to do in Philly on a dreary, rainy day? Whatever you are thinking scratch it and reprogram your brain now... Pie! 
Pie is the answer!
Warm delicious and savory quiche with a salad of fresh mixed green. The portion looks small to the naked, hungry, eye but is dense and surprisingly filling!! 
The coffee is grand! 
The service exquisite!
This place has seating for 14, but while I was there I saw many people come in for takeout. 
My friend and I met for conversation and lunch and stayed for dessert!! The menu is short and simple yet the choices are still difficult because it is all so YUMMY!First the pies are awesome, especially the savory ones. The menu rotates a fair amount which keeps things interesting and the seasonal choices are on point.  The ratatouille or mac & cheese pot pies are especially divine.  The atmosphere is cute and warm while the staff is generally quite friendly.  The downside of magpie is that the place is pretty small and frequently understaffed which can mean long waits and very noisy meals.  I get the sense whoever is working (often alone) is trying trying to juggle all the costumers but at some point they just cant keep up with it all by their lonesome.  Definitely a good take out spot if you catch them at a more low key hour.If you're in the mood for pie, look no further than Magpie! They have large slices of both sweet and savory pie, so you can have chicken pot pie for dinner and caramel apple pie for dessert. Incredibly delicious and incredibly filling pie - what's not to love? Check out their instagram @iluvmagpie for visuals that will make your mouth water.It's been getting cold recently and, along with the change of seasons, came a craving for a savory, comforting meal.  That craving was only compounded by a horrible cold.  The remedy?  Pie, of course.  Dad was near this new pie shop, and picked up a gouda and squash pie, along with a pumpkin praline.  The gouda and squash was savory, creamy, and flavorful, but didn't taste heavy at all.  The filling was very indulgent and comforting but didn't leave me feeling overly gluttonous, and the flaky pastry crust was light yet buttery.  I can imagine that it would be great with soup when it gets even colder.  I only tried a tiny bite of the pumpkin praline since my usually voracious appetite was quelled by the cold, but it tasted like a creamy pumpkin-flavored hutella pie, which is perfect for the fall.  Dad also got an order of the pie fries but polished them off before I got a bite so, while I can't report on them, I can, in all honesty, give my blessing since he has a very selective palate when it comes to all things pastry-related.  Will definitely be coming here to try out more of the menu in person1Totally cute place! I stopped in with a friend on a Friday night. We were lucky to have been seated at a table. The place was filled with people at the bar, tables and take out.  
We shared Chicken and Biscuit Pot Pie and had a slice of the Butterscotch Bourbon pie. The pot pie was baked in a crust that had just the right crisp, and the biscuit on top was a perfect complement. I have a sweet tooth so the slice of pie satisfied that. 
This is a great establishment on South Street. I would love to come back to try more combos and their milkshakes.Yessss!! The pies at Magpie are so yummy and the service is excellent. The waitresses are very friendly and approachable. The store owner makes the pies in the morning, so they are freshly made every day. It has a very homey feel and it's always spotless. I'm addicted to their Nutella pie. And their Bourbon Peach pie is....omg. And their apple crumb! Fantastic! Great for a post-dinner dessert in the city.I liked it a lot. Got the chicken pot pie and the bourbon custard pie... both were delish and gone in 60sec.Love the fun flavors and extra homemade taste of the pies! We came by after already having dessert at a restaurant nearby and we were not disappointed! I ordered the Lemon Buttermilk pie and the Butterscotch Bourbon pie and could not get enough. We will definitely make this part of our routine post-dinner dessert treat. Also the interior decor is beyond charming!Had my first visit a few weeks back. Nice clean enviroment and the sales staff are pleasant to deal with. I figured I would keep it basic so I ordered the chicken pot pie and a slice of apple pie. 
The chicken pot pie was very good, rich and filling. The crust on the outside was flaky yet firm and crunchy. You can taste the quality ingridients, ie. (fresh cream and herbs) in the filling. The topper on the pie is a soft crumbly cheese biscuit. So once you start eating the pie, its kind of like stuffing added to the pie. This pie is so filling, 2 can share and be satisfied therefore, I feel it is worth the price.
On the other hand the apple pie was nothing special and might I add... overpriced for the size. You get a basic small slice of pie for $5 bucks. And to be honest its pretty much basic, nothing to rave about. The pie does have lots of apples however, you cant even taste the carmael topping. I think the problem here is the crust to apple ratio......The crust is ok, but I feel like the crust tasted better on the pot pie.
I would go back for the chicken pot pie and I would also like to try there other menu offerings of pot pie. 
But as far as dessert goes.....I would look elsewhere.I tried this pie place last Friday evening...I ordered a corn-chedder-tomato pie, expecting, um....a pie.  What I got was a very small SLICE of a pie for $8.00!  Yes it was very tasty, the ingredients were fresh, but the outlandish price of $8.00 for a small slice of pie is well, ridiculous, even by South St. standards.  They were out of most everything else, and I requested to place an order for a whole fruit pie.  I was advised by the very pleasant and courteous waitress that I could order it then, but it would not be ready until Tuesday, 4 days later! (??). One would think that a new restaurant would go out of its way to accomodate the customer.  So, 4 stars for delicious , but small, servings, 2 stars for service but 0 stars for cost.  I will not visit them again based on the pricing of items.  Why is it that places on South St. feel the need to charge outrageous prices for food and clothes??? New York City it's not.Can't speak to the food- ran in at 8:08 pm (they close at 8) hoping to get 2 slices to takeout and was denied even though they had a full bar of people still dining there. Very bizarre. They must not need the business!Had three pies delivered to my home. Got the apple pie, butterscotch bourbon, and tiramisu. The tiramisu and apple pie was nothing special. The tiramisu was very alcoholic. The apple pie was... like I said, nothing special. It felt like there was a mountain-full of apples in the center, but the taste was unspectacular. The butterscotch bourbon on the other hand was really yummy. I think I would come back for the butterscotch, but the other pies were a disappointment.I tried their caramel apple pie yesterday. It was awesome!!! The upper layer of crust was crispy and full of butter aroma. The apple slices inside were excellent, with just right amount of auger, sweet but not over sweet. With caramel on top, I felt I was in heaven. A must try if you live nearby.So, it's taken me a little over a year to write this review either because I'm too busy eating the pie or I'm out of my mind. (Hopefully the former) Anyway, I've been coming here since it has opened and the second I walked in I felt cozy and was welcomed by a well-mannered staff. The "pie ladies" are so great and are on top of the service. The pie is incredible to say the least, and the menu is constantly changing -- they retire pies and bring them back, which has me coming back in hopes for the peanut butter pies. 
If you're a visitor or a native to Philly -- do yourself a favor and become a regular!Dropped in last night for the Winter Warmer Special--it was wonderful.  I had a great Shepherd's Pie (with divinely light mashed cauliflower instead of potatoes), very flavorful and not too sweet Coconut Cream Pie, and a delicious cup of Darjeeling Tea.  Linda had Butternut Squash and Smoked Gouda Pie (and to be honest the squash could have been a bit more done) and Butterscotch Pie (Excellent!) with a superb cup of La Colombe Coffee.  We were thoroughly warmed by the fine and friendly service as well, but unfortunately had to go back out into cold and windy night to go home. Wish we could have stayed there all night!Holly Ricciardi is a brilliant, talented, beautiful, wonderful person. Her pies are equally beautiful and wonderful, and after spending plenty of time with both her and her pies, it makes sense. Pies can be humble, but Magpie pies are not your average pie. Holly can also be humble, but she is not your average baker of pies and goodness. 
This quaint and sweet little shop on South Street is as inviting as the lady behind it all, and you feel just a little bit at home there, even if your home has never looked this adorable. You can hop on a stool at the pie bar, order a slice of happiness and tuck in with no remorse, because everything is just too damn delicious. My personal all-time, hands-down, no-question favorite is the sour cherry pie. However, Holly's commitment to in-season offerings (hooray!) means this is a short-lived seasonal treat in (about) July. 
That's okay though, because I'm perfectly content with allllllll the other offerings. The caramel apple is a constant, and perfect. The butterscotch bourbon is Holly's take on her grandmother's recipe and is genius. Craig LaBan is a devotee, and he's not often mistaken. The pear ginger crumb, when available, is ridiculous. The lemon gingersnap and lemon rosemary offerings, have been standouts. Let's not also forget the banana nilla-wafer pie, which makes the MOST ridiculous pie-milkshake (yes they have that too!) I could have ever hoped to indulge in. The chocolate cloud pie, the lime basil pie, the berry offerings...it's a never-ending parade of pie paradise at this mecca. 
Let's not forget the savory options though--the chicken pot pies, the shepherd's pie with cauliflower, and the chicken & biscuit pies are standout stars all on their own. On the weekend, you can also drop by with a bottle for a BYOB brunch over some quiche...awesome. 
The classes offered once or twice a month, depending, are an amazing way to spend some time as well! 
I miss you Magpie, but I'm sure a visit will be in order soon!!I woke up craving chicken pot pie...In July which I know may be weird, but who hates pot pie?! After looking at reviews I strolled into Magpie to satisfy this craving. Walking into this small shop I couldn't help but notice a few things; first of all it was incredibly clean and airy; second, the smell wafted nuances of sweet and savory as pies sat along the bar, and for some reason I got a South meets Philly hipster vibe walking in. 
The great thing about this place is you have the option of," cooking it yourself" at home. And they seem to take pride in their to go packaging. They do all the work except heating it up. Allowing me to finish the cooking at home meant I wasn't going to be eating a soggy crust, but a crispy right-out-of-the-oven crust. They even include a little card on heating instructions.
As for the food itself, I would give it five stars if I ordered more food, but I only tried the pot-pie. The filling was typical, consisting of peas, carrots, onion, celery, and chicken. The gravy was nicely seasoned with lots of aromatics and a great consistency. The crust and topping is what really elevated it. Its one of those pies where you wish you could order a side of crust. Flaky, crispy, and held its own against all the filling. Next time ill be sure to try one of there many other sweet and savory offerings!I lasted two years in Philly without going here, and I say 'lasted' because I thought once I went in I wouldn't want to leave.  I was right.
I was sad that they ran out of a couple of kinds of pie, but what we ordered was good enough to make me forget!  
The cherry almond pie was chunky, had a fresh cherry taste, wasn't overly sweet, and the almond added a smooth taste and a nice crunch.  What a great combination.  
The lemon buttermilk pie had a cheesecake quality to it but was still unique.  It was light but satisfying.  The crusts on each of the pies were perfect.
I can't wait to go back and try the savory pies, and I already know I appreciate them, because there are two vegetarian options.  You're doing a good thing here, Magpie!Really love this spot. A warm and cozy place to get some work done, especially in the winter when nothing is better than a slice of pie and a hot coffee. Recently went for a savory and a sweet pie. Got the chicken pot pie and the pear ginger pie. The crust is ridiculously good and I'm still thinking about that pear ginger pie. It was amazing. Their menu changes pretty regularly but they always have their pies posted online. Definitely one of my favorite places to go when I need to escape from stress and enjoy some comfort food.A haiku review, for you. 
My review is short.
Apple pie, good for the soul.
I should come here more.
Ok but really it's better that I don't. 
And the apple pie is amazing. I could eat an entire one all on my own. It's amazing.
The crust is perfect. You know what I mean- a buttery, flaky blanket that envelops apples that are sweet, and just slightly salty and caramely...perfectly delicious cold; begs for a crown of creamy rich vanilla ice cream when warm. 
Pies are cooler than cakes. Remember that when your birthday comes up folks.Hmmmm I used to tell people that I'm not a big fan of pie, but after a visit to magpie I MIGHT BE A FAN NOW. I went with my bf on a super cold day so going to a cozy small place to eat was a must for us. We settled down in the shop and decided to sit on the couch-like seats (WHICH MADE IT FEEL LIKE HOME) they had the $14 deal on Wednesday for 1 sweet, 1 savory, and a coffee/tea! Super delish. For sweet we had butterscotch bourbon pie with a side of ice cream and for savory we had the chicken pot pie that came with a side of salad. The chicken pot pie was SOOO good. We should've ordered more :'( totally love this place and I'll def take more of my friends here ^_^I kept hearing how great this place was, and kept meaning to stop by.  Now that my b.day is coming up, and knowing my undeniable and eternal love of pie, I decided to finally check this place out.  Yes, for a whole pie, it's a little on the pricey side, but I'm convinced it's worth it (especially for special occasions).  I came in today, with some knowledge of what I wanted to order (just look on their website...dare you not to drool).  I was given two free samples (Butterscotch Bourbon and Coconut Cream) which were delicious, but didn't quite hit the spot.  However, I was shown one of their seasonal pies: Chocolate Peanut Butter.  (For everyone who knows me, they also know that besides my eternal love for pie, I also have an eternal love for peanut butter and chocolate.)  Needless to say, despite not having a sample taste, I ordered the chocolate peanut butter pie.  I also decided to enjoy the a slice of the one pie that was not up for pre-order: Chocolate Cinnamon Coffee Pecan.  I have had many slices of pie in my years of living...and this one could quite possibly be the best.  (The nice lady at the counter assured me that the chocolate peanut butter was just as amazing.  Can't wait!)  The flavors were perfectly combined for an absolutely delectable flavor.  Went very nicely with the cup of coffee, too.
Come check this place out!  Definitely worth your dollar.Pie is wonderful. Pie shops are my friend.
Magpie has an adorable interior and a happy staff. Their selection of pies is ample without being overwhelming. You know when it seems like restaurants are making up flavors just to look really creative, but instead it seems like maybe someone got drunk in the kitchen? Magpie doesn't do this. There are creative but solid offerings.
Bonus points for the savory pies. It's nice to be fair to people who don't have a sweet tooth.
The butterscotch bourbon is maybe the very best pie in the world. The end.Yum yum yum ordered delivery and it great. Tried pick up once and They are slow for just cutting a pie but still deliciousSuper cute and friendly place with amazing pies. I had my own savory BBQ pork pie as my main and a slice of chocolate mocha for dessert. I also (shamelessly) ate what my friends didn't finish and I STILL considered taking a slice of something I hadn't tried home with me. My only regret is that I haven't made time to come back, but I will remedy this soon (as in tomorrow).Magpie is an underappreciated gem of Philadelphia, garnering lots of deserved local and national press. In fact, while watching a WHYY program about local restaurants, I suddenly realized 10 minutes into the show that Magpie was just a 10 minute walk away, turned off the TV and went there, and have never been disappointed since.  
This is a bit of a second career for the owner, who used to work in public relations and then quit to go to culinary school. Good for her. They've been dishing out all manner of pies, sweet and savory, ever since. They sometimes make their own ice cream. I haven't had the milkshakes, but they look great. I have, however, had the steamers, and they are delicious. 
You might also be interested in the pie classes. I wondered in and left a few hours later with an entire strawberry rhubarb pie, plus got a slice served to me while we waited for the pies to cook.
Give the savory pies a shot. There are pot pies, shepherds pie, but I've also had a pie of sweet potatoes, black beans and chili. They also had a pie with butternut squash, which I would gladly eat once a week for the next year if they had it.
Sweet pies are great and traditional. I've yet to see a Shoo Fly Pie (because you people don't order them), but they do sometimes have Sweet Potato Pie (the queen of pies) among many others.I'm not usually a big pie fan, or fond of sweets either, but Magpie surely satisfied. The shop is small with only a few tables for sit down, but most people order to go anyways. I had the chance to try the strawberry crumble and lemon buttermilk. The strawberry crumble came with real slices of strawberry on top, adding to this slight tarte theme. The lemon buttermilk had a hint of lemon and just melted away all my sorrows. I enjoyed both flavors and will definitely be back to try everything.Wanted to like it.  The shop itself is really quaint.  The waitress is very friendly.  The pie was ok.  Seems like I could make it at home.  Not enough selection.Great Pies and friendly service.  I went and got the chicken pot pie and Mac and cheese.  Both are worth a try.  It's a bit pricey though for what you get.   
An extra if you have some work to do, they have free wifi.  And it works great.Do yourself a favor, dine in, get ice cream on your pie, and a cappuccino. 
I tried to bring a slice of chocolate cream home, and when I got home, I realized the bag is so small, they place the pie in sideways, which borderline destroyed it, and I'm not a huge fan of the summer menu. 
I wouldn't recommend coming here for dinner. The chicken pot pie was okay, but the savories aren't made fresh. They are frozen and heated up to order. I learned this when I brought home savories. But this is one of my favorite places for dessert.
I also personally favor the fall/winter menu over the spring/summer menus (it changes seasonally as fruit goes out of season). My favorite pie ever was the Mexican Hot Chocolate pie, but it was the pie of the month a while ago, so it's uncertain whether or not it will come back. I did, however, call and find out you can special order it for $10 more (which puts it at a steep $48). 
The Cookies & Cream P.O.T.M. is also great.Thoroughly unimpressed with this place. The portions are pretty small considering what you're paying. The variety isn't as big as one would prefer. The savory pies lack seasoning and flavor. The service was mediocre at best. The dessert pies taste much like any other dessert pie at any other pie place. The one thing that I actually enjoyed a lot was the crust - but I don't think many people eat pie solely for the crust. Also, they put too many things on top of the pies to give them better presentation, but those toppings really should be mixed in with the pie to make the pie better all around. Let's just say I'm saltier about going to this place than their savory pies are.Magpie *SWOON* I love thee.
Having walked past your heavenly doors many a time, it took a chilly Saturday evening for me to finally enter your gates and experience your divine pie. From the cutesy decor, adorable chalkboard menu, and sweet-as-pie employees, I knew I was hooked in an instant (in fact I came back the next Saturday). 
Let me cut this pie place down for you. First, they don't just deliver sweet slices, they offer savory pies too (Chicken Pot Pie, Sheppards Pie, etc).  They serve some delish coffee and tea as well.  But back to the sweet pies (can you tell their my favorite?)... Magpie prides itself on using fresh, seasonal ingredients so they rotate their pie offerings on a seasonal basis.  They also change it up a bit by offering a different "Pie of the Month" in addition to that season's selections.  This winter they have been serving up Lemon Curd, Coconut Cream, Butterscotch Bourbon, Caramel Apple.  I've had the Caramel Apple and it was nearly perfect.  I've also tried the Butterscotch Bourbon which actually is perfection and incredibly unique.  When I return I'll probably just keep trying a different  type of pie and will surely update my review.
I just love everything about Magpie and can't wait for my next visit. 
I like to believe that Magpie's pies were likely made in heaven and transported here to Philly to make us happier people. :-)A small wonder, yet it adds so much character to its neighborhood and the city.  It's quite a friendly place to visit, and the staff often works very hard to keep everything rolling (you'd be surprised how busy this little pie shop can get).  On that subject...if you must go here on March 14th, do so because you are genuinely in the mood for a good slice of pie; not because it's what you think is "National Pie Day". (It's not...you've missed it by a couple of months).  Sorry for the rant, but it needed to be said!
Anyway, two of my favorites so far have been Banana Nilla and the Tiramisu.  It's all great stuff though; I follow them on Instagram to keep up with anything new, and I could easily eat here once a month.I'm not usually a sweets person. So you'd think I wouldn't do well in a pie shop, right? Magpie may have just proved this wrong. 
Repeat after me: light flakey crust, sweet potatoes, black bean chili, blue corn tortilla chips, crema. 
What a delightful pot pie! It came out piping hot but my overzealous eyes took over and caused me to try it a lot too soon. Burn! But seriously, once it cooled down it was fantastic. It came with a side salad and was definitely meal sized. So fresh! So tasty! 
I had a bite of the butterscotch bourbon and a bite of the thoroughbred. It was the same flakey, wonderful crust and sweet fillings that had this savory fan enjoying herself with the pot pie. 
Sugar, butter, flour...I thoroughly enjoyed my visit and give Magpie nothing but high praise.An entire bakery revolving around delicious pie. Magpie's is turning into my new favorite dessert stop in Philly; the space looks small but there's plenty of room at the bar counter to sit. 
Pictured is the coffee cinnamon chocolate pecan pie - a fun twist on the old pecan pie classic. The chocolate isn't overwhelming and the crust is so buttery and flaky. Also in the photo is caramel apple pie. It was equally delicious. The slices are generous servings, we were okay with the $6 price. 
Second photo is the menu so you can see what else they offer.I so wanted to give Magpie 5 starts but i had a few issues with their takeout policy as well as the Alex and Cheese pie.  When you order a savory pie to go they don't give you a salad with the pie yet they charge the same amount. In addition the Mac and Cheese pie was very bland and not cheesy enough.i still love their sweet pies and will return. However, I was really taken aback by the no salad policy.