The food we had delivered tonight was DELICIOUS!!  The mango chicken was the bomb. I will definitely be ordering from them very soon!DELICIOUS Indian food. Portions are single rather than family style fyi. Try the mango lassi and/or mango cheesecake!Wow!! Some of the best cuisine to be had in the Philadelphia area. Quality ingredients, courteous wait staff, and intimate atmosphere are only a few of the qualities that make this restaurant a pure gem! The mango dishes are superb and the mango cheesecake is mind blowing. Do yourself a favor and treat yourself to the Makhani experience!!This restaurant is very close to my apartment. With the high saturation of touristy and honestly, not very good restaurants located in old city, this has become one of my staple restaurants. The staff is always very friendly and welcoming. The atmosphere is quiet and calming. While I'm not an expert on Indian cuisine, I'm always impressed with the dishes I order. I think they have great flavor and taste how I would hope when eating at an Indian restaurant.Very tasty dishes with a few hiccups.  large portions, you will be stuffed and have left overs for a day or two.
Came here for a private tasting and had a fabulous time.  My favorite was definitely their Mango Chicken.  I however did not care much for the deep fried cauliflower which I thought was just too much breading and their shrimp til tikka was a little on the bland side.  The sauce was actually quite good but it did not penetrate the actual shrimp and the addition of untoasted sesame seeds was not additive by any measure.  Their mix tandoori was good but I thought the chicken was a bit dry and again lacking in flavor.  
Overall I had a great meal and the portions were ridiculous but with so many missed opportunities to impress I'd give this one a pass.The food is really good, if you ever receive it.  I was a regular here, but I have now ordered from them twice via Grub Hub and both time they were over an hour and half to deliver and the last time they left off half of my order, told me they would reimburse me and they never have and the person "in charge" doesn't call back.Ok. I admit it. I'm biased. I had a taste of the food here during their soft opening. I was impressed then and am still impressed. The food is consistently good, fresh, tasty and flavorful. I not only enjoyed my impromptu lunch but the outstanding customer service I was provided. I didn't have to ask for anything but what was on the menu; my table was set, high end bottled still water waiting... and the sites and sounds of a high end yet cozy "Indian" restaurant. 
I had the Chicken Vindaloo and it did not disappoint. It's easy to make it too vinegary or not spicy enough or simply "wrong." THEY did it right, and I'm very satisfied. Highly recommend not only the dish, but the lovely rice pudding at the end. A great end to a wonderful meal.
If you're in this area (Old City), skip the "other place." Just come here and get fed well. I wasn't drinking but I heard they are BYOB which is cool, and they're an old cigar shop across the street if you want to "digest" a while before going home.
Thanks, Makhani!!!OMG you have to try this AMAZING Indian cuisine restaurant!!! If you haven't tried this place I guarantee you will not be disappointed. I tried their ultimate chicken mango with rice and it was DELISH. Food was very good and neat presentation was beautiful. In addition, I had their handmade mango cheesecake and boy was it  delicious! Ambiance and waiters were very courteous!! Definitely going back for a second time.Truly enjoyed fantastic meal here.  Cannot wait to go back! As a relative newcomer to Indian food I find this very approachable. Great menu plus specials. For starters we loved the Tandoori wings.  Wonderful seasoning and color and juicy yet not greasy. Special scallop app had amazing sauce.  Also had a special chicken ( Akbari?) with a special blend of nuts, curry and slightly creamy.  Owners and staff are very friendly and helpful in describing the menu.  Partner had lamb with Vindaloo sauce and loved loved it.  They offer chicken, lamb, veggie or shrimp in your choice of about six preparations.  DEElicious basmati rice so delicate.  We had the house Nan bread....just beautiful warm and soft, perfect..A bit spacey for me so I might go with plain next time.  It was Served with wonderful mango chutney. There are ten types of breads! Great presentation and very fresh food.  They have a special mango cheesecake. It's not like typical cheesecake.  Did not love that as much as everything else.Decided to try Makhani today and am so happy I did! They've put some serious love into the decor and design of the interior, the service was warm and helpful, and the food was outstanding! Not to mention, the prices for their lunch deals were very fair, especially considering that this is a nice dine-in experience! Not knowing what to expect, when it came time to order, I just asked, "what are you guys most proud of?" He suggested the mango chicken and I'm thankful that he did. The dish sounded sweet, but in reality it was surprisingly balanced with a fair amount of spicy-heat (I went "medium", if hot food is not your thing, go "mild") and I would list this as one of my all time favorite Indian meals in a restaurant. My colleagues both loved their meals too. One got the Makhani/butter chicken and I think my other friend got a paneer. I also took the servers' advice on the mango cheesecake. Another killer dish, but after all of that I was completely full. Fairly large portions.Emli bangun: sliced eggplant with some seasoning on top. It's a light appetizer however the skin is tough, inedible, and bitter.
Choley peswary: good amount of chickpeas  with strong spices.
Shabzi Bhuna: fresh veggies with great curry flavors.
Tarka dal: it has mashed potatoe consistency and very salty in my opinion.
Veggie samosa: thick crust and the filling has good curry flavor. It's ok, you can pass on it.
Seabass Tikka Masala 
I had my food delivered through Grubhub and I had no utensils and napkins.We ordered paneer tikka masala, tandoori chicken wings, naans and chai. The sauce for the paneer tikka masala was delicious as well as the wings. However, the paneer in the tikka masala was disgusting and rotten. I ended up spitting it back out. Be careful ordering that dish. Everything else was fine.Amazing!  We live in Old City and had noticed they were opening.  Tried it the first week.  Food was great.  The tikka masala crab cake app had the perfect amount of kick.  And definitely try the Mango cheesecake with passion fruit and pomegranate.  Will be eating there a couple times a week.I have eaten dine-in here several times my favorite dishes are the chicken mango, chili chicken, makhani butter chicken and especially the mango cheesecake.At first go we were little hesitant to try the food at this restaurant during our weekend visit to Philly, but after little thought we went for it . The taste of vegatarin food was really good and Naan was awesome too. Two things to call out - quantity served was less compare to other places and also ambience was not catchy. But overall taste of food was good so it's worth to try here.This is our favorite Indian restaurant in Philly! We love the mango chicken!! We tried it for the first time last week and we've been dreaming of it since! We always get the chicken tikka and korma which are great but try the mango chicken, you won't be sorry! We love take out and eating there, very small and hidden but the service is great and we love them!! Also their mango cheesecake is AMAZING! Highly recommend!!This was bad in all ways. We ordered an appetizer  -  "Gobi Manchurian" which was described as lightly sautéed and with a sauce. It came with more breading than cauliflower. We ordered four main vegetarian dishes with hopes it would last us a few meals. First off, the portion size is ridiculous. It's half the size of typical to go portions and was about 3 large spoonfuls of food each. Even the take out container is half the size of normal. Second, the sent us the wrong food and food with the wrong descriptions or just not good. We ordered bhindi masala which came right.. but was horrible and had no spice. We ordered baingan bartha.. not horrible but had no spice. Most edible option. We ordered channa sag (describes not as a cream sauce), came completely creamy. We had chosen it due to no cream sauce and no paneer, jokes on us. Finally we ordered  mutter mushroom curry - they sent us a completely different dish. We got mutter paneer instead. Again, had chosen dishes without cream and paneer and this was exclusively that. The food was bad, descriptions were false, they didn't even give us what we wanted, portion size was insulting for a pretty expensive meal. Rice and naan were good.. will never come back and while my boyfriend could eat, I had mostly rice for dinner because I have a dairy sensitivity.Emli bangun: sliced eggplant with some seasoning on top. It's a light appetizer however the skin is tough, inedible, and bitter.
Choley peswary: good amount of chickpeas  with strong spices.
Shabzi Bhuna: fresh veggies with great curry flavors.
Tarka dal: it has mashed potatoe consistency and very salty in my opinion.
Veggie samosa: thick crust and the filling has good curry flavor. It's ok, you can pass on it.
Seabass Tikka Masala: It's dry with thick cream but flavor is on point 
I had my food delivered through Grubhub and I had no utensils and napkins.The food was fine, but they delivered without utensils and there was no way in GrubHub to opt in/out of utensil delivery.  Not a great surprise while staying at a hotel.My fiancé and I came here Saturday night. We order the tandoori chicken wings for an app which were very good. The entrees were disappointing. I ordered the mango chicken and my fiancé the tikki masala. The chicken was dry and over cooked. The sauces were pretty flavorless and the rice bland. The service was pretty slow for the amount of people on the restaurant. Probably wouldn't come backI've been here a few times now and I think it's a nice addition to the neighborhood. The service has been friendly and quick. 
My only qualms are that they do charge quite a bit for chutney and pickles for the amount that they give you. Overall the flavors are great, but the spice level can be a little inconsistent. Asking for medium spice will get you either barely any spice or so much spice you'll need more water.
Try the chicken makhani.Just had one of the worst meals at this restaurant ! Very disappointing !
I've been here previously when they first opened and they were disorganised but the food was great.
This meal however came looking terrible - thrown together and terrible quality !
The waitress clearly was new but didn't know anything about Indian food, we never received popadoms or chutneys that are usually brought over whilst you wait even though I asked for them twice.
The main was something I've had before and was previously lovely but now comes with frozen bag vegetables and again looks terrible.
I would say they need to improve quickly - but I will never go back - food went in the trash 
Lots of other, better Indians in the cityMahkani seems to be a hit or miss place. Sometimes the food is good, other times it isn't, and you just end up disappointed. 
They have a decent lunch deal which isn't highly publicized. For about ten bucks you can get any chicken dish on their menu with rice, house vegetable, and naan, which is extremely filling and they give you a gigantic portion of rice. Vegetarian options run a bit cheaper. Solid option in the area for a lunch meal.
But really, the thing that frustrates me about Makhani is the inconsistency. I ordered the Chicken Vindaloo for lunch one time and it was so amazingly excellent that I told my husband about it... later on we ordered the same thing for dinner and it was just downright terrible and flavorless. Like night and day. What the heck happened?Incredible flavors. Nice portions. Can't beat a BYOB. The garlic naan and the mango chutney were amazing.  We will definitely be returning.Just had the chicken tikka masala and garlic naan, it was tremendous!! Will be back!!!!!!!!!!Tried this new Indian restaurant last night, and found the food to be delicious! I am giving it five stars based on the food alone; the ambiance could be improved if they would simply dim the lights a fair bit (felt like I was eating in a hospital wing with bright fluorescent lights). With that simple fix, I'd certainly enjoy going back, as it really was great food, and the byob element is always great. Otherwise, I think it may just be a takeout destination.Not good !
Has to be one of the worst Indian restaurants I have eaten at. Tiny tables, food was left uncooked and was completely tasteless. Not to mention, it seems like the ingredients used were not fresh. For that food, the price was exorbitant (although even with lower prices, I won't be able to eat the food they dished out). Not going back!I have been here many times .The food is fresh, plentiful and tasty with good price. The room is nice (very clean) Try this place! My favorite dish is paneer masala.I don't get it, guys... in my last review I said that Makhani is "hit or miss" but the last three times I tried to order food, they are just plain miss. I called one time and they told me they were not doing any takeout orders, fine, whatever. I just called today for lunch and they told me they've run out of rice. Rice basically comes with every dish, how can you run out of rice? I just don't get it.
Makhani used to be a go to place for me for decently priced, filling lunches. If you're trying to chase away your customers, you've succeeded.Makhani ("Buttery") is a small, dark, North Indian house on historic S. 3rd Street, Philadelphia, PA. Service is individually prepared, so you receive a large plate with your order and a side of Basmati rice, rather than the bowl approach used by most Indian shops. It is still easy to share with a companion, so it is really no big deal. 
What they do very well, is make sauces/gravies for their dishes that are better than most. Uber creamy (perhaps from all the butter from which it takes its name), such that regardless of the solid part of the meal, the succulent sauce completely overwhelms it. Our paneer and lamb bases were very good, but the Tikka Masala and Muglai suspensions in which they swam were simply stupendous. With a little heat from the curries, and a spoon, not a drop was wasted. The garlic naan made the perfect tool for dipping/scooping as much rich gravy as possible. 
This was really one of the best Indian sups I had enjoyed for a while. Even the Samosa Chaat appetizer was distinct enough with its ground potato/chickpea samosa and smaller crunchies and excellent tamarind flavoring to make us slow down and enjoy every morsel. 
The only disappointment was the supposedly extravagant mango cheesecake. When it arrived, it was far smaller than expected, both in terms of length, width, volume, as well as taste. It was underwhelming to say the least. Maybe our expectations were too New York, but this job was not worth the $10 by half. Makhani does itself no favor by accentuating it as a popular delicious treat. It is not. Save your money for the real deal at better known cheesecake outlets.Excellent food and service.  Had dinner here last night with our sons and future daughter-in-law and everything we ordered was delicious.  We ordered all four appetizers from the "specials" menu including  the veggie dumplings, chicken/lamb kabobs on eggplant, scallops, and lime soup.  I didn't try the soup but the other dishes were clearly prepared by a trained chef... each had many levels of flavor and an excellent balance of northern Indian spiciness.   
Our main courses we vindaloo's (one chicken and one lamb), chicken tikka masala, a lamb dish from the specials menu (I forgot the name but it starts with "xi...") and another chicken dish with sides of naan.  Everyone thoroughly enjoyed their dishes.
We finished the meal with the mango and rose ice cream.  The mango was dense, creamy and topped with mango chunks.  The rose ice cream had  a deep vanilla flavor along with a hint of rose and was topped with chopped nuts.
Throughout the meal the wait staff was there to assist when needed.  They were very friendly yet professional and not intrusive.  
The combination of excellent food, a great staff and zen atmosphere made this a wonderful experience.   
Thanks!  We are looking forward  to our next meal at Makhani.Below average food compared to other Indian restaurants in the area, made worse by the fact that it arrived lukewarm. Will not be ordering from this one again.Makhani is a very fine Northern Indian restaurant in Old City.  It was the perfect stop after me and a couple of friends attended a nearby Sunday afternoon Fringe Festival performance. We arrived on the early side for dinner but this friendly establishment accommodated us anyway.
Makhani is a small space but the food is big.  A Shrimp Til Tika appetizer was quite delicious - the house chili sauce blending nicely with the sesame.  The Emli Bangun (tamarind eggplants) also was good but I prefer a bit more spice or distinctive flavor.  The seafood soup on the other hand was filled with flavor.  A fairly standard chicken curry was perfect for one of my friends to whom Indian food can sometimes be spicy (I know, I don't get it either.)  On the other hand my lamb muglai was excellent - the creamy nutty sauce perfectly spicy and def tasty.  I would totally recommend this dish.
The service was excellent.  Iqra our main server was friendly and attentive and the other dining room personnel added to the fine experience.  Maybe this is a five-star Indian restaurant.  It certainly is a cut above your standard sub-continent eatery or buffet .... but I just need another delicious visit to tell me that!Makhani is a wonderful addition to the Old City restaurant scene.  It occupies a space that has turned over with different restaurants several times in the last year alone.  I hope Makhani enjoys wonderful success and occupies its space for years to come.
The food is all fresh and made on site.  Service was generally attentive and certainly welcoming.  I had Muglai, lamb in a thick nut based sauce. It was accompanied by rice, presented with a bit of creativity, and we ordered Nam the bread made on site, which arrived at the table warm.  
The owner welcomed us as we completed our meal.  The space is small enough that he may be able to greet all guests over the course of an evening.
I am a Luddite when it comes to Indian cuisine, but the menu looked pretty extensive to me.  Several dishes allow the guest to choose between lamb and chicken as the meat for a dish.
My wife and I really enjoyed Makani and we will return.  The reason for rating the restaurant a 4 rather than a 5, is that many Indian dishes are hot--we were asked whether we wanted our dish mild, medium or very hot.  We were served water, although our glasses were not refilled as much as I would have liked.  It would be wonderful, I think, if a bottle of water sat on every table.  This is a BYOB restaurant--we recommend beer over wine to accompany the meal.  The restaurant might also consider putting bottled water, carbonated preferably, on the menu.  Having a beverage always ready to address the wonderful "heat" of the dish would be a low cost, wonderful addition
It is a pleasure to recommend Makhni.Have been ordering food from here for months but recently food has been arriving cold, stale and does not stay fresh. Not only changes in delivery timing but the flavor is just not there. While this place used to be a hit or a miss its always a miss now. Would not recommend.Diner beware:  We had a 7:00P reservation on a Saturday night. When we arrived at 7:05P, they informed us they were running 15min behind.  We waited until 7:40P, and watched others with apparent earlier reservations be seated. At that point, we gave up and went elsewhere. 
The restaurant is very small inside, and they don't seem equipped to handle their current volume and reservations   Be aware that even if you have a reservation, your seating and dining times may be significantly delayed.3.5 stars, rounding up. Ordered delivery. Food was good but not great. Portions were a little small for the price.Had the veggie platter, Keema naan, paneer pakora and mango cheesecake. Everything was amazing!Outstanding!  We've had two marvelous meals from Makhani.  Innovative and well-balanced flavors, well proportioned, and really enjoyable.  The korma, the house special naan, and the shrimp appetizer are particularly memorable.Literally some of the best Northern Indian food I've had in a long time. I've been to so many freakin Indian restaurants in Philly over the last 12 years and a lot of them I could throw shade at (I'm talking about you Desi Village and the hardest-to-google restaurant in Philly called "Indian Restaurant".) 
Makhani I expected to be ok to pretty good. I was flabbergasted during my meal from the great flavors, sprices, quality, and level of heat being accurate to what was requested of the Paneer Makhani and the Malai Kofta. THIS PLACE IS AWESOME.
So if you're like me and come in expecting a fancier version that's the same as the ok restaurant Tandoor since there is a relationship between Makhani and Tandoor, YOU WILL BE HAPPY TO KNOW IT'S WAY BETTER. Sorry Tandoor. 
But kudos to Makhani for killing it with great quality food. I'll be back soon dudes.Mango chicken to die for! BYO in old city. Best fried cauliflower with delicious garlic sauce. Samosas and Naan are excellent as wellI ate here with my husband and in-laws who are visiting from North India. Not only was the food incredible, but the menu was a delightful surprise!  I fell in love with the Mango Paneer, and my husband loved the Kashmiri Chicken. Both had a delicious creamy curry. The bright elegant decor creates a wonderful ambiance for an afternoon or evening with friends and family.Makhani is our favorite Indian restaurant. We have tried a 1/4 of their menu and are working our way to trying everything! Not a single dish has been disappointing and I would order anything I have tried again. 
Aside from the amazing food, all of the staff are great. They are all super friendly and take care to recognize their regular customers. We love MakhaniGreat food! Had Saag Lamb and Mali for dessert. Everything was super tasty. Highly recommended!The best Indian food in Philly. No contest. (I'm a vegetarian, so I can only speak from that perspective--I'm guessing that, since this is Mughalai food, that the meat must be even better.)
This isn't health food. Be prepared for tons of very, very buttery sauces and vegetables cooked to peak tenderness ... and then some. Everything is melt-in-your-mouth incredible.
I'd recommend coming for the very reasonably priced lunch special ($7 for two curries and a naan!) My favorite entree, however, is the special Makhani aloo gobi, which is different from the regular aloo gobi. The sauce is exquisite. 
The naans are also great. 
The real standout, however? That mango cheesecake. You must try the cheesecake. The yumminess reverberated across every desi cell in my body.
I look forward to trying some of their other dishes, but I'm very happy with what I've had so far. 
Also, the owners are super nice and friendly. It's a family restaurant. I feel like they definitely try to get to know their customers.Worst desi food in the city. We were only 3 guys on Friday night. We order bunch of stuff, nothing was good.For the first time in my life, I can say I've had flavorless Indian food. I'm really shocked that there are good reviews here.
My fiancee and I live in the neighborhood and came here on Valentine's Day. I was really excited for a new BYOB and a new Indian spot, my favorite cuisine! Checked out the menu beforehand since I was looking to avoid pre-fixe menus. There was just the regular dinner menu listed on Makhani's site and OpenTable, perfect! 
We arrived for our reservation at 8:00 and had to wait about 5-10 minutes--I'm totally okay with that, they just opened and it's one of the biggest dining nights of the year. Someone brought us each a glass of wine, which I assumed was because they were running behind. We were seated and had to wait another 10 minutes until someone brought us a menu. Again, I can deal with that.
When we finally got our menus, we learned it was indeed a pre-fixe menu, which was not listed on Open Table or Makhani's site. That explains the wine they handed us. Okay, so I guess we're eating off a pre-fixe menu. Except, what Indian restaurant has a pre-fixe menu and only one vegetarian option? The only vegetarian entree option was Aloo Gobi, which I think is delicious, but cauliflower unfortunately doesn't sit well in my stomach. Luckily the chef offered to cook something off the standard dinner menu for me.
My omnivore fiancee ordered the tandoori chicken wings and salmon begum bibhar; I ordered the veggie cutlet appetizer (only option) and okra (off of the regular dinner menu). Fiancee reported that the tandoori chicken wings were good. The veggie cutlet... oh my goodness. I've tasted few dishes in my life with that little amount of flavor. It was like the type of food you would feed to a toddler who is insanely picky. It was basically mashed up potatoes, battered and fried but with ZERO seasoning! It tasted like nothing! It was served with two chutneys which were also somehow lacking in flavor!
My okra dish was pretty okay, I have had better but I did appreciate the chef cooking it just for me. I ordered medium out of mild/medium/hot and it was definitely not medium or spicy at all, but at least had some cilantro, onion, and curry and cumin flavors. Fiancee's salmon... so bland. The server also asked if he wanted mild/medium/hot and he asked for hot. The server even asked "are you sure, I just want to warn you that it's really hot!" He reported that not only was it not spicy... there was no flavor at all. No ginger, garlic, herbs, spices, etc. Nothing! How can food be so bland, especially Indian food? I can at least say that the garlic naan was on point.
Since I read other reviews I was expecting the mango cheesecake to be a life changer! It was one of the better parts of the meal, which doesn't say much, but was doused in an overly sweet berry sauce.
They had a very unfurnished bathroom on the second floor with no trash bin and people were throwing their used paper towels on the window and floor. Just a mess.
I totally understand the chaos of a restaurant on Valentine's Day and can forgive some things like running late and taking forever to get menus. They also just opened, so the staff is likely to get more organized with more practice. But flavorless food? That's definitely not going to improve.Very nice place, nice staff aim to please. Food, Atmosphere and service were great. Lavani answers lots of questions patiently and made some pretty good suggestions. We had the Tiki Masala and Lamb Sagwala, Mmmmmm. We added the Makhani sauce and a nice delicious Naan on the side. Priced to impress, very reasonable BYOB helps. Beautiful decor, great place for a date.
After a long day it was great to come by and get treated special and eat amazing flavors. 
We left quite content. We'll be back. 
Thank you, MakhyI've always loved this spot. Flavors are on point and they're usually pretty quick. I've ordered takeout/delivery about a dozen times and until this most recent order was never disappointed. 
The samosa chat was not at all like it used to be, hardly any sauce or flavor, no crunchy bits (I've seen them called different names - sev, crispy wafers, etc), and just one really small samosa cut in half. It just tasted completely wrong. The vegetables weren't chopped right so there were huge chunks of onion and tomatoes with the stems still attached, and I found a short hair in the food too. I'm hoping this was a new cook in training and not an indicator of a change in their quality and methods. Will try to give them one more shot to see but with so many good options in the area it's hard to justify returning. 
However, I'm giving it 4 stars because I have had some great meals here prior to this and have always loved their Malai Kofta, Baingan Bharta, and Sabzi Buhna in the past. 
Attached another diners samosa dish for reference to what it used to be like.We accidentally ended up here for lunch after seeing the advertised lunch specials on our way to get pizza. So glad we ended up here instead. We ordered the paneer makhani and chicken korma lunch specials with veggie samosas to start. Everything was so flavorful. The lunch specials are a real deal - for $20 we were full and happy.
Kind service, flavorful traditional Indian flavors, and a killer lunch deal. Definitely worth checking out!Service is extremely poor, and food portion doesn't do justice to price. The server didn't make customization to the platter as requested either.We went for the first time today. I'll be back because i thought the food was good and had its own different spin on things. My mom probably not. Lol She's hard to please and likes what she likes. Plus no parking and she can barely walk so it's not a good location for her. I ordered the chicken tikka masala. It was good. I actually prefer it at another spot but it was good enough that i know their other dishes will be a hit. I just had to try it because chicken tikka is my favorite dish. It definitely had flavor. My mom ordered the paneer masala i believe. She said she liked it overall. We weren't a fan of the appetizers. Obviously different Indian restaurants have their differences (spices, recipes , etc) and well here it was the appetizers. The bhojia was good. However, i didn't like the veggie samosas, paneer pakora, or patata wada. The veggie samosas were somehow tough but too chewy. They were also very light in color. Im used to them being golden brown, crispy but still soft when i bite into them/ cut them. The paneer pakora was horrible. I've never had paneer cheese that hard. It had to have been over cooked. It was like hard rubber. Paneer cheese is not supposed to be that hard or solid. The patata wada which is the deep fried potato fritter i guess was okay but it was so thin. Again I'm use to those being huge loaded with potato goodness inside. These were flat and thin. My mom did like the fact that they had fried eggplant in the veggie platter. That was different. She was also grateful they made her poori. The big puffy bread. It wasn't on the menu but the gentleman either the owner or manager said they could make it. She did enjoy it. Oh yeah and it was opening weekend so they were giving 1 person each 1 samosa and a tasting of wine. That was pretty good deal. Overall I'd definitely come back if i were in the area or suggest for lunch/date night. Plus it's a BYOB establishment!
Pros:
Good food
Nice environment 
Friendly staff
Beautiful mural on the wall
BYOB
Variety of menu options 
Cons:
Smaller portions compared to other places 
Price (a tad bit more expensive than others. I'm sure it's because of the location so no shocker there)
No parking (parking is scarce)
Small space (very tight space holds no more than 20-30ppl)Ordered a half Tandoori Chicken via Grubhub and was quite satisfied. This review is strictly for that dish. 
The order arrived before the ETA, was piping hot and the chicken was tender, juicy and flavorful. Decent portion as well. Will definitely be looking to try more of their stuff in the future.Yummy food especially the paneer tikka masala!!! 
Oh wow I really want to return again like today if I could!!! It was a cozy small place. 
Staff was nice. 
The famous cheesecake is sure not worth the try. Small tiny piece for $10 and it was nothing special, dry and old. Save your $10 for elsewhere cheesecake.I'm giving Makhani five stars because I'm not sure what more I could want or expect out of an "upscale" Indian BYO. It's in a great, easily accessible location in Old City near plenty of bars and wine shops, the atmosphere is cozy and classy but not formal, the service was pleasant and efficient, and--most importantly, of course--they serve the best Indian food I've had in Philly. I'm no connoisseur, but I do enjoy Indian food every so often and might make it more often now that I know Makhani is available. We didn't need a reservation on a Fri night around 8 p.m., but it looks like they do quite a busy takeout/delivery business.I came to a Tasting Collective Event (https://www.tastingcollective.com/?invite_code=LAU8452) at Makhani and it was fabulous.  I wasn't a huge fan of the chicken kababs and Lasoni Gobi (fired cauliflower) but the naan, shrimp til tikka, veggie makhani and mango chicken were amazing.  Was super excited there was enough veggie makhani and mango chicken to take home leftover for lunch.  
The food there was flavorful but also a little unique.  Tasting Collective is where you get to hear from the chef and owner throughout the night.  They mention they sketching up there specials every 30 days and main menu every 60 but if you like a sauce you can get whatever meat or veggie you want there more than willing to switch things out.  The chef studied cooking in India but has been working in the US for many years, was recently taken out of retirement to help open this new restaurant.  If interested in hearing from the owner/chefs during a meal feel free to use invite code LAU8452 to join the Tasting Collective.Came here for lunch for the third time after having ordered from them many times.  Very nice, clean place. Great service. We had Bangan Bartha (Masala eggplant) and Tardka Dahl and garlic Naan. The mango lassi was very thick and yoghurty. Probably more authentic.  Will definitely come back. I need to try more dishes, because I have a feeling I will enjoy every one of them.I had an unfortunate experience with this restaurant, as well as the delivery platforms with which it works. 
I placed an order which was scheduled for delivery approximately 30 minutes later. After I had waited one hour past the delivery window, I learned (via Grubhub) that my order could not be fulfilled. A complete waste of time.I am a huge fan of Indian food and have tried a number of places in the area - this is one of the better ones for sure. I decided to come here for lunch with a friend on Friday having seen an article online and realizing that it's just a block from home. 
We each ordered from the lunch menu which is SUPER reasonably priced. My vegetarian option (Palak Makhani) was $7.99. My dining partner did a lamb entree which was just ~$2 more. It included the entree, rice and vegetables. We also ordered a dessert mango/pomegranate cheesecake. 
Everything was very well prepared and service was pretty good. The only hiccup was in the dessert, which took longer to come than the hot prepared foods and was a weird texture. Cheesecake *tasted* pretty good but the pomegranate sauce was hard, almost like a candied apple. If I went again, I would skip dessert.   
I'll be back - the dinner menu looked outstanding and I am looking forward to exploring more of their offerings. Solid 4-stars.Terrible! The food was so unnecessarily spicy for one. The biryani was one the most awful biryanis I've ever had. The worst part about this is they have the audacity to charge $12.00 for tandoori chicken  wings and only give you 6 chicken wings, NOT the whole chicken wings but chicken wing segments. Like who does that, are you kidding me??? Look Philly has a ton of authentic Indian restaurants that serve better crap than this. Save your money and dining experience for a decent, much better place.I ordered for takeout since the homepage stated they were open and the website I ordered from also said they were open... I called to ask for an ETA and no one picked up. Should have been a sign because when I arrived they were closed. No sign indicating any closure reasons... hoping it'll be easy to get a refund as I paid beforehand. Poor to leave their services available when they clearly aren't.This place is really good. A block from the office will make this a regular go-to spot for us. Had the Lunch special (under $10) and it was solid. Good addition to the neighborhood. Takeout was presented well and utensils were included! Friendly guy at the counter.
There's a few tables in there and the atmosphere seems nice. Recommend!If I could give zero stars I would! We ordered dinner tonight at 6:55 pm, it is now 9:15pm and still no food!!
We called the restaurant at 7:35pm to check on it and they told us they didn't get the order, although we made the order on their website and they charged our card. 
The man, Anthony, at the restaurant said he'd find out and call us back, which he didn't. We called back 30 mins later and were told it would be delivered in 40 minutes.
45 mins later no food, so we called again. This time we were told the food is on its way......9:15pm no food. Pizza now in the oven and we'll be fighting for a refund. 
All Anthony had to do was to tell us they couldn't complete our order. He had 4 chances to do the right thing. Stuff happens, we get it, but own it and do the right thing. We do not recommend this   restaurant.A haven for Indian food tucked into the city! Staff was very friendly and ambiance so pretty. My friend and I shared garlic naan and scallops to start! Then I had an amazing Paneer Korma entre. She had Chicken Ticca. Both meals were booked to perfection- juicy chicken (she did dip some in my korma sauce!) and rice was perfectly made. BYO is always nice too! Thank you!!!With Thanksgiving plans falling through last minute, cooking at home not an option. And my wife and I both being vegan. We didn't think we would have any luck finding good food. 
 Thankfully we came across this place. The food was fantastic, we got few things to share, and we were very happy with it all. Sense it was late, we got it delivered. And seeing how they handled a large last minute holiday order. We can't wait to sit down in the restaurant.
Thanks Again
K&A