My husband and I went here on a Friday evening. A woman cut right in front of us as we walked up to the hostess stand and got her party of four promptly seated. We then walked up to the hostess. They had six tables open as well as people finishing their meals at several other tables. Yet they insisted they could only seat us outside (it was a torrential downpour with thunder and lightning) or at the sushi bar. When we asked about how long it would be to wait for a table they first said about 30 minutes which we agreed to (despite there being 6 open tables) yet then a moment later the manager came over and said it was not possible to wait for a table.
While I can not comment on the quality of food I can say their service is absolutely horrendous. I can not fathom why it was impossible to seat us at a table despite the 6 open tables or allow us to wait for one yet we could sit out in the storm or at the bar. I will not be returning here.Armed with a LivingSocial deal, we came by for dinner before heading to the Avenue of the Arts just 1 block away.  Don't judge the quality of the sushi by it's slightly sketchy looking website or less-than-sleek store sign - the sushi is great.
We got a variety of standard rolls, which had generous portions of fresh fish.  The Reverse Maki (rice on the outside) tend to have more fish than the Hoso Maki (seaweed on the outside), so opt for the former. The Salmon/Avocado was particularly good, although the Yellowtail/Avocado and the Spicy Tuna were also solid choices.  
I'll be back to try one of the sushi entrees!I live downtown but have been making the trip to Makiman in the Northeast because the sushi is fresh and delicious and reasonably priced compared to every other place downtown, so you can imagine my excitement when I heard they were opening a spot in the city.  
I love going here on Mondays for the all you can eat sushi.  It's a great deal and you definitely leave feeling like you got your money's worth.  Their rolls are also to die for.  The yellow stallion and ne viking are two of my favorites.  
If you're looking for great sushi at a reasonable price with great service I would definitely stop in here!Tried this place for the first time on a Saturday for a late lunch/early dinner. 
LOVE LOVE LOVE the low carb Naruto Roll, but it only comes with 5 pieces :( .... I would adding more healthy rolls wrapped in cucumber and soy paper like this to the menu. The Sashimi prices are a little high...
All in all we loved the mix of Japanese/ Korean food and the service, although the choice in music wasn't up to par.sushi was great, service was great and best of all it is BYOB.  They have a lot of specialty rolls including the regular rolls.This is possibly my favorite sushi place in Philly. The ambiance isn't awesome, but the service is attentive, and the food is great. They have a bunch of interesting/creative rolls, and the fish is fresh and tasty. Plus the rolls are pretty large.I dig totally dig this place!  This place has TONS of custom hand rolls and everyone I've tried was delicious! 
If you like it raw is their motto, and yes I do like it raw!  Their fresh fish (sashimi) is delicious!  They have great cuts of fish, they have additional items on their menu if you're willing to try something different.  This place is a combo of Japanese and Korean dishes so they provide great options.
I normally get take-out here which is always ready when they promise.  My casual go to sushi place.One of my go-to places for fresh sashimi. I have had quite a few things here and they have consistently been good. I usually get a sashimi deluxe but have tried their fusion rolls (the naruto, spider, caterpillar and rainbow rolls) and shared a 66piece sushi boat with 5 other people, which was enough for everyone.I tried Makiman for lunch and with a living social deal. We had the hirame carpaccio for appetizer (I think) and it was amazing. We had a few rolls for our entree and they were all very good. They are all of high quality, fresh, tasty AND huge. It was not the best I've had but I would definitely come back again. However, without the deal, it can be quite pricey.this is my go-to place for sushi since i'm not in one of those sugar baby/sugar daddy relationships that all the rage right now per the news stations. $$ sushi is alright by me since $$$$ sushi is a pipe dream. 
i LOVE the mm naruto roll and the 911 roll. #1 because both are really delicious but #2 because they are absolutely gluten-free.  how do i know this? because the waitress i had the very first night i came here made sure to point out all the gluten free rolls after she spoke to the chef. 
the mm naruto roll is the perfect roll for summer. it's a bunch of raw fish wrapped in cucumber. (if you're trying to remain gluten-free, ask them to hold the crabstick.) the 911 roll is baked salmon and cucumber with some sort of peppery kick. i'm salivating a la pavlov's dog just thinking about these rolls.
one star off for lack of consistency in roll size.  at dine-in one night, my mm naruto and 911 rolls were really tiny, but on one of my take-out orders, the same rolls were enormous. 
bonus: outdoor seating for when the weather is nice.We love makiman. It's one of the best low key sushi places in center city. Their food is always fresh and it's nice it's a BYO if you want to get out for a bit. Their delivery is always on time and they're priced well.Went there after watched the show. Place was half empty and we saw people were eating Korean bi bim bop in hot stone bowl. Maybe it's Korean owned sushi place or at least be of chefs is Korean. 
I got sashimi salad and roll without rice. Sashimi salad was sooooooooo spicy even to me. I can handle some spicy but this was just pure go chu jang ( Korean red chilly pepper paste) I had to take out most of sauces and ate them. Sashimi was ok but their sauce already burned my tongue couldn't taste anything.I came here Saturday night with the wifey with high hopes of finding our go to sushi place. Unfortunately I think our search must continue. 
A deeper dive into the rating would show two and a half stars for the sushi and four and a half stars for the service. 
We each got the Sixers Roll and a regular roll. As much as I appreciate the roll names referencing my favorite past time (being a long suffering Philadelphia sports junkie) the flavor was just a bit underwhelming. The regular roll on the other hand was extremely fresh, the white tuna melted in my mouth and their spicy sauce was to die for. 
Our waitress wasn't that great and forgot our appetizers and our drink requests however each time she failed to come through for us one of the other waiters would ask us if everything was ok despite the restaurant being packed and you could tell that everyone took a lot of pride in making sure all the patrons had a good experience. 
I would probably go back from take out and I wish them all the luck in the world. I may try them again in a few months to see if they have made any new innovations.The sushi is decent here, but the service could be better! My boyfriend asked for diet coke a couple of times and never got it--finally he gave up after we were halfway done with our sushi. We had a groupon for $30 worth of sushi so we decided to go all out and order the following: Nutty Roll, McNabb, Sweet paradise, New volcano roll, and Godzilla roll. We figured we'd just take home whatever we couldn't finish. Well, when our server brought out the rolls on a big boat that was too big for our table, our server said, "oh yeah, guess he thought it was a big table with all the rolls you ordered!" Way to make us feel guilty lol.  Anyways, besides that, the rolls were decent. The Sweet Paradise was definitely the best roll out of our selections. It tasted fresh. This place is BYOB and can sit large groups so those are pluses. But I think we concluded we'll  go here for big parties,  but when it's just us two, we'll definitely keep going to our other regular sushi places.Ordered from here twice. Poor customer service and unimpressive fish. 
The sushi was very meh the first time, but my roommate and I decided to give them one more try based on reviews. I think a lot of people leaving the good reviews have never had good sushi because Makiman is definitely sub par. 
Anyway, the second time I ordered some kind of fancy/special shrimp tempura roll and a salmon avocado roll. I don't know how hot the tempura roll was when they packaged it, but it made the salmon roll really warm. Not the rice, but the whole thing. Warm raw fish is not good and it grossed me out to where I couldn't eat it. I could have let this slide, but they also gave me a regular shrimp tempura roll instead of the one I ordered and paid for that cost double. I gave them a call about the roll and mentioned the warm salmon. The guy was super rude and told me that he's "been packaging sushi for 10 years and no one ever complained about this." Ok, jerk. I've been eating sushi for 10 years and never complained about this because it's never happened. 
He told me he would credit the extra $7 for the shrimp tempura from my next order. Told him there would be no next order after the conversation we just had and he said OK and hung up.Thought you were looking for Japanese food? Do you like Korean food?  This place has both, not just Japanese plates. Full menu of fusion sushi rolls, Udon, sushi, and other Korean specialties, such as kal-bi and bul-go ki. Excellent Don Buri.  I had the salmon stone pot, which was loaded with fresh vegetables, brown rice, and salmon cooked perfectly.  I would highly recommend. Pricing very reasonable compared to other restaurants nearby. I will be back.from the outside and their website, Makiman Sushi looks like a take-out place.
dimly lit, snappy decor. they were playing singles you would hear on xpn.
rolls are tasty and creative. the night we went, they had about 10 specials.
if you are accustomed to a traditional place where the chef serves your sashimi with the right drop of soy sauce, Makiman's fish may taste bland at first. 
the test: mackerel, eel, tako, uni, salmon roe - all fresh and excellent the night we went.
if our first night is a usual night at Makiman, we'll come here every other sushi night.Every time I'm in the area, I go to Makiman. Compared to other sushi places in the area, I find them to be one of the best. My favorite is Pete's roll. 
Although the service is not great, especially because the place is usually empty. But if you're just coming in to eat then it's not a deal breaker. 
They also have a lot of different rolls to choose from and the  decor is really nice and modern. 
If you have room for dessert then get the fried ice cream.Love Makiman. I come here at least once a month and have never been disappointed with the food or service. It's not some posh or swanky sushi bar, but the sushi is some of the best in the city (I eat sushi 1-2 times per week). They've got a huge variety of really great fushion-rolls. Must try: NE Viking, Cap'n Crunch, Sixers, and Caterpillar. It's surprisingly affordable for the quality of the sushi, and it's a BYOB. What's not to love?!Solid sushi and sashami. Has become my go-to take-out place for raw fish and rice.Came here with a groupon tuesday night and it was mildy busy. We were seated quickly and we were recommended a party boat for it was our first time trying sushi. Everything was amazing!! To finish our night we had green tea tempura fried ice cream. Will definitly be back again. Our waiter alex was the best!!!Makiman is good, but a bit pricier than other sushi places in town if you don't have some kind of deal. I've had various fish and vegetable rolls, which have all been decent, and the vegetable tempura is good. Service is average.Solid sushi at an affordable price. Went as a large group (9) and place was perfect for what we were looking for. The McNabb, Sixers, Tropical, and Spicy Tuna and spicy salmon were all exceptional, as well as one of their limited appetizers (forget the name, essentially deep fried spicy tuna roll). BYOB so it's a bit more pricey than a normal sushi, but the food is top-grade. Service isn't exceptional- but there was two parties of 8+ in there so perhaps that is a factor. Would definitely recommend.Came here for the first time on a relatively quiet Sunday afternoon for an early dinner , and I enjoyed every minute and every bite.  The waitress was super friendly and attentive, but more importantly, I REALLY enjoyed my sushi.  After much deliberation, I settled on the Cosmo Roll (sweet potato tempura and crabstick tempura) and a shrimp tempura roll.  Definitely worth it, and I'd love to bring a group of friends or my family here sometime--the atmosphere and menu selections are great for all!Had yellowtail and salmon maki sushi. The rolls were tasty, and decently sized, but the fish ratio was dwarfed by the cucumber ratio. Also, you only get 6 pieces of sushi per roll. Can we say, lame? Overall the place was a ripoff as most sushi places in Philly seem to be. I won't return. 
Food Quality/Taste =  4 Stars
Portion Size Given Price = 2 Stars
Price = 2 Stars
Service = 3 Stars
Experience with Staff = 3 Stars
Decor = 3 StarsPicked up the same lunch special I enjoyed in the restaurant this past Saturday on my way to the Bolt Bus and was very disappointed. The salmon was spoiled and inedible and the yellowtail was questionable at best.
The miso soup was tasty, and the spicy tuna roll was great again, but going 1/3 is certainly not a win in my book.
Will return again because of my positive first experience, but may have given up on take-out for now."Oooh baby I like it raw/
Yeah baby I like it rawww!" - Ol' Dirty Bastard
So to answer Makiman's tag line, "Do You Like It Raw?" (voted totally the coolest sushi tag line by Philadelphia's 6th graders), with words from the late poet ODB, yes I do. And to borrow from Peter Frampton -- who, let's be honest, was the original Ol' Dirty Bastard -- oh baby I love your way, Makiman.
Sushi: 3 stars. Creative and fresh with no need to drown your rolls in soy sauce, close to 4 stars. 
Value: 4 stars. Three fusion rolls, soup, and an app for just north of $30. 
The dark wood and deep colors give this a nice interior behind the cold, slightly strip mall feel of the exterior, but a wait staff clad in t-shirts felt a bit disjointed, lending itself to a dive bar kind of feel. But no matter, I'd still recommend this is a good, no fuss date/group spot. You'll feel comfortable uncorking a bottle of (BYO!) wine and lingering for a bit.Currently, Makiman makes me angry, but I would be willing to give them another chance.  It was a Friday night, and Katrina C. and I wanted to grab a quick dinner before a party.  We were in a hurry, so we figured if we ordered take out it would be faster.  I asked the hostess if that was true and she said yes.  They had several specials with crab in them, and I had a groupon so I was willing to splurge on the fancy sushi.  We ordered and then sat down to wait.  Probably 25 minutes go by and the waitress comes over to tell Katrina they are out of crab, and she has to pick a different roll.  Now, they didn't say anything to me, so we figured I must have gotten the last of it.  Well, about 10 minutes later the waitress came to let me know that two of the rolls I ordered were no longer available.  I replaced one with something different, and requested that the other just have the crab changed to something else.  About 15 minutes after that, we finally got our food.  It took about 45 minutes for this process to go down, which caused us to be really late for the party, so we actually requested to just sit at a table and eat our food instead of taking it with us.    We specifically told them we had to be somewhere before ordering, so they should have just said they couldn't accommodate us.  Also, probably not a good idea to make crab the ingredient in every roll, and then not have enough.  I have no major complaints about the sushi, although apparently the spicy salmon was lacking in spice.  It didn't wow me though, and without a groupon, I won't be back.Service was fine and it's nice that it's a BYO but I was super disappointed with the sushi here. It all tasted like it had seen better days- even the spicy tuna which generally can hide sub par fish with the spicy sauce. There are much better BYO sushi places in Philly, I would for sure skip this one.Pretty good sushi! My boyfriend and I decided to try this cause we got a living social deal and it was well worth it. Our deal was for $30 and we got 4 rolls, and 2 miso soups and paid $30 after tip.
We got the viking roll, the Eagles roll, the blind date, and another roll I can't remember the name of. Sushi was really fresh and made very quickly. We had great service and I felt like I was always being assisted, but not suffocated. My favorite roll was the Eagles roll, anything tempura and I'm happy :)
Also, it's a byob. Drink upThis place is great.  I haven't had a specialty roll that wasn't good yet.  It's kinda pricey but isn't everywhere in center city? They constantly have groupons and yelp deals so use em!  Oh, and it's byo.
Loses a star because I was overcharged for a tip the first time I was there.  They corrected the problem within a few weeks though.  Save your receipt.
If you want fresh sushi with a nice dinner atmosphere where you can have a drink then this should be your place.Makiman is better than average sushi places in Philly. It is not quite the authentic Japanese sushi, and the rice is not quite the right consistency or flavour. Some die-hard sushi connoisseurs may not enjoy this because the rice is not perfect, but I give it an above average score because the fish is really fresh. Overall, the flavours are good, service is friendly and attentive, and the price is right. Plus, it's a BYOB.
If I could go to Zama every time, I would, but I can't.
Makiman will possibly become my staple?YUM! My friend and I split the spicy tuna crunch, eel roll, some other crunchy type roll and a california roll, and everything was delicious. I had a groupon, so that's why I chose to go here, and I would like to go again, but the prices are a tad bit too much for me, but probably about as cheap as you're going to find in the city.I'm not exactly sure how I feel about this place just yet. 
In summary I'd say - Sushi (not the uni, but that's just bc it's not my thing) and rolls were great and my waiter, Malik, was awesome. Their desserts definitely needs work - order the fried banana w/ ice cream. Something just wasn't right... maybe bc the banana wasn't riped enough? Overly battered? Too much of that cherry topping? It was just a no for me. And finally minus points for the hostess who ignored me upon entrance. Mind you, it was empty at that point so she cannot say she was busy.
I'd definitely give it another bc all in all I'd say the food was pretty delish AND I just  purchased their Groupon!So glad we tried this little gem in the city. Considering it seems like a franchise with another location somewhere in the N.E Philadelphia area,but it was right up to par with there delicious food! From sashimi to the tasty creative rolls. Price aren't bad considering in the city. Will be back again. Until next time :D
Would highly recommend to friends.Delicious food, good prices, and very nice service :) All that plus BYOB made Makiman quite an enjoyable restaurant!Came here with my Groupon and I have to say, it was totally worth it!  The sushi was delicious and very fresh.  The viking roll was amazing.  I will definitely be going back.Love LOVE love the Ben&Jerry spicy tuna hand rolls and the ice cream fried tempuraA-OK indeed. Nothing blew my mind at Makiman, especially at the semi-steep prices.
Again, cue the Groupon. $10 for $20 of raw fish and the like at the very center city location of 13th and Spruce. Walked in, was seated in the middle of the waitress' takeout phone call, started poring over the menu.
Decided to "do something different" for an appetizer, which meant no shumai, agedashi tofu ($6.95, are you serious?) or dumplings. Zack and I were excited to try the spicy tuna tartare, which I envisioned to be thinly sliced tuna, perhaps drizzled with a spicy sauce. 
Instead we received a massive pile of spicy tuna roll innards.
We should have known? Bad call? Duh? 
While the flavor hit the perfect level of spicy, I can't deny that I was a bit disappointed. How could I look forward to our Raw Viking roll (spicy tuna topped with salmon, roe, and eel sauce) now?
Well, we managed just fine. We also consumed a salmoncado roll and a veggie tempura roll (sweet potato and more!) which was delicious. 
Lesson learned: stick with your faves.There are times when you want to savor every delicate bite of perfectly cut sashimi.  That's what Morimoto is for.  Then there are times when you want to stuff your face with big tasty rolls.  That is what Makiman is for. 
Went on Saturday night with a groupon in hand and reservations for 8pm.  I'm not sure that we really needed those reservations, but I'm working towards that big $10 opentable giftcard (after a mere 6 years, I'm about 2/3 of the way there!).  I started with some miso soup and then the spicy tuna tartar.  The tuna tartar was better the last time I dined at Makiman. It wasn't as spicy this time around and I bit into something hard.  I had a moment of omg-what-the-fuck-was-that-some-sort-of-fish-gristle!?!?!?! panic and then realized it was just  a chunk of tempura.  Weird.  Hard chunks do not belong in tuna tartar and I hit 2 of them. Also my plate had a big chip in it.  Ghetto.  Throw out your chipped plates. I sampled my boyfriend's rock shrimp tempura.  It was good but not the best I've had (Zento's is much better).
I ordered two rolls.  The raw viking roll was my favorite.  It was fresh and tasty.  I also had the yellow stallion which was pretty good.  The specialty rolls are HUGE. I was stuffed after dinner. 
Our server was great and the food came out very quickly. I still can't decide if their motto "Do you like it raw?" is a double entendre ode to ODB or an unintentionally funny, innocently fobby question. Either way it's pretty amusing.  The sushi at Makiman isn't bad, just not as high quality as some other places.  I'd maybe return with another groupon deal, but would not seek it out as a sushi destination.I visited Makiman on a Thursday night with a group of friends.  We were seated quickly as the place was pretty empty.  However, we had to go up and ask for menus after being seated for a few minutes, which was a little annoying.  After that, the service was pretty good. The waitress was friendly and attentive, and accommodating of our large group.
The sushi is decent and the prices are reasonable, considering the location in Center City.  I had a miso soup, yellowtail scallion roll and the caterpillar roll.  The fish was fresh and was presented nicely.  I especially enjoyed the caterpillar roll because it wasn't overly stuffed with ingredients but still had a nice combination of flavors.  I also sampled a friend's Vegetarian Bi Bim Bop which I also enjoyed.  It's a large platter with a nice mix of ingredients and flavors.  It's great if you have a big appetite. 
We did not take advantage of the BYO this time but its definitely a plus when visiting this restaurant.  Overall, Makiman is average compared with other sushi restaurants in the city. Nothing too special, but it definitely hits the spot if you're craving sushi and not looking to spend too much. I will definitely visit again when in the area and in need of a sushi fix.Came here on a Groupon... and I'm glad I did.
Philadelphia has started to see better sushi lately. We were a table of four. I looked at other yelp reviews before we sat down so I kinda knew what I wanted to order.
Tuna nachos - awesome.  I've noticed a trend on sushi menu's lately to have spicy tuna on top of some crunchy vessle.  These tuna nachos are spicy tuna on top of avocado goodness on top of (what seemed to be) freshly fried chip.
Sixers roll - this was all over the yelpers quick tip - I completely see why.  I agree this was a great roll. 
I will say that I'm surprised to see a "McNabb" roll on the menu - it might be time for an update.  Not sure if they should go with a "Vick" roll or start looking at the Flyers/Phillies lineup. 
My next trip I want to try the Tuna Bi Bim Bop.  Has anyone had the Burrito I'm very curious on reviews and feedback.
They were appropiately priced, friendly staff and clean.  I hope Makiman is able to stay here.Just went in for the Saturday lunch special (10/14) and ordered the two roll special - 2 spicy tuna rolls, a salmon avocado roll, and an eel avocado roll. The avocado was ROTTEN. I immediately informed the waitress (although how the sushi chef served that is beyond me) - it was disgusting and we could have easily gotten food poisoning if I hadn't noticed it. It has made me question the quality of all of the ingredients they use. On top of that, it took the sushi chef an additional 20 minutes to make us our sushi rolls again (we were the only people in the restaurant). And the icing on the cake is that there was no discount, comp, free appetizer, ANYTHING offered to make up for serving us rotted food. Will never go here again.BYOB. 
The Monday all you can eat thing is a great deal. It's not everything on the menu, but it's very thurough. You can order three things at a time and they'll come back for another order when you can prove you can finish what you got. Careful - they'll charge you a bit if you order more than you can handle. 
They have some creative (and all the standard) rolls on the menu, and the sashimi is very tasty. 
Add to that the Yelp check-in deal and you're set.Very nice place. I came here twice for hot dinner entrees. We got soup and salad with an entree, and both times food was delicious. Salmon and chicken  Bi Bim Bop were extremely well prepared. 
Place is quiet, clean, and service is very good.We used our groupon last night and I had low expectations because of the mixed reviews I read. We enjoyed our meal and thought that the food was really good. Service was excellent and the waitress was helpful in pointing out which dishes she really likes.  Kept our water glasses filled, which we appreciate too.
We started with an appetizer which had yellowtail and vegetables wrapped in seaweed, then tempura batter and deep fried. It was really good! And a different kind of appetizer than the usual dumplings.  For rolls we got the Viking Raw, Blind Date, White Tuna, and Shrimp Tempura. All were really good. The majority of the rolls came with spicy tuna (which i like) with slight variations.  Our bill came to $45 before the groupon discount which I think is very reasonable.
It is byo. Reasonable prices. Has outdoor seating. Good location right off broad (plenty of places to go for another drink). They give you metal chopsticks - not the cheap wood kind, which is a nice touch.  
The only drawback was the music they were playing. It was a mix of techno and electronica that was kind of loud.  They should adjust that and play more dinner-type music because the decor and inside of the restaurant is really nice, updated, and modern.  
I would go back! :)I've tried several sushi restaurants in center city but did not very satisfy with them. Makiman serves in sufficient quantity, fresh meat, and its a BYOB! I usually have three appetizers, sashimi combination and a sushi boat with four to five friends. I love their appetizers like Bang Bang Shrimp and Tuna Nacho (I'm not sure about the name). You must try them. I have nothing to say about their sushi and sashimi cause they are so good. Also, Makiman's desserts are great. MUST TRY. Don't forget to bring your favorite wine. :)Went here for a friends birthday last night, I haven't had quality sushi in a long while so I was excited to check this place out. 
I'll start with the food. I started with the miso soup, and continued and got the sweet potato roll, the salmon avocado roll, and the spicy tuna roll. The quality of the food was great, and fresh but the portions seemed a bit small than other places I've been to in the area. But over all the food was good. And its BYOB, who doesn't love that?!
The service on the other hand was a little feeble. First it took the girl over 5 minutes to bring us water, which she didn't even ask if we wanted anything else. When she took our order, one of the other girls I was with stated she "might" have wanted something on the appetizer menu, and she jumped the gun and wrote it down anyway almost like she was in a hurry, but we had her take it off. Second she didn't give us as much attention as I thought a server should. It looked like some of her friends had come in and she was spending a lot of time at their table. We just felt like every time she did pay attention to us it was an inconvenience to her.Went here with a group of 11 for my birthday and couldn't have been happier. The service was excellent and they were very accommodating with our larger party. We ended doing the larger sushi boat and got some extras to go with it. Sushi was great and especially loved the seaweed salad. Awesome that it's BYOB. They even gave me a free t-shirt!Really solid place! Great variety and super fresh. A ton of creative tools and lots of sashimi plates. All the fish they use is incredibly fresh and tastes amazing. The service was flawless. Dessert options are great too including tempura ice cream. Give it a try, the best in that area for sure.Great place to go if you're looking for a laid back night with your friends or significant other. I tried the special MM Naruto roll and absolutely loved it. The ambient atmosphere was peaceful, as well as the presentation of the restaurant. Highly recommended, especially to those who live by the area!Solid sushi with great service and a good atmosphere (BYOB) for the price of takeout/delivery.  Salmon maki had a generous amount of fish for a $5 roll and I really enjoyed the Sixers roll.  The Spider roll had lettuce in it, which I wasn't crazy about, but that's my fault for not reading the description carefully.  Also, the shiny metal chopsticks are fun.  I'll definitely return!I'm a fan!  We bought the living social from a few weeks back ($15 for $30 to spend) and tonight we finally cashed it in.  We decided pretty last minuted to go out to dinner and called them a little after 7pm (on a Friday!).  They sounded crazy busy on the phone but said we could come at 8:30.  We showed up a few minutes before and the place was pretty full (and they were setting up for a large group which took up 3-4 tables).  We had to wait about 15min for some tables to clear out and we ended up at the sushi bar.  
The menu is pretty huge and they have sushi and non sushi options (bi bim bap,udon, terriyaki etc).  We went for sushi so that's what we spent the most time pondering.  The place was super busy and it took them a little bit to take our order, but one of the sushi makers was super on top of things and had someone come over as soon as he noticed we were no longer absorbed in the menu choices.  We started with the veggie tempura which was well done and the dipping sauce was really tasty (more like a broth than a sauce).  There was carrot, sweet potato, asparagus, onion, broccoli, and cucumber.  Yum!  
For the sushi we got: Raw Viking Roll, The Stallion Roll, Sweet Potato Tempura Roll (I loveee sweet potatoes), and a normal yellowtail roll.  I have to say they were all well done.  I hadn't had torched sushi before so the Stallion was my first time, I was a little wary since I generally prefer raw fish to cooked fish but it was soooo good!  
So after this great experience, we decided to keep it going and ordered the tempura vanilla ice cream.  It was HUGE.  At $8 I was a little wary of ordering it since I figured it would be small, but goodness did they give us a ton.  It was gorgeously presented with fresh cut strawberries, and giant mounds of both tempura ice cream and whipped cream.  I can't believe we finished it, but I'll admit that we did.  I wish we had taken pictures of everything, but we both left our phones behind so that we wouldn't get distracted (ok really I just forgot my damn phone!).  
After all of this the bill was only $60 ($55 pre tax).  After the living social was applied it was only $30, yayyyyyy.  Had it been a little less busy it would have been perfect.  We found out at the end that they were down a server for the evening which had a lot to do with the chaotic nature of the place that night.  
We don't live far from Makiman and will DEFINITELY be back when we're craving another night of sushi (or maybe for lunch if we want some bi bim bap!).Went here for the 1st time the other night w/ Kristin H. We were able to sit outside (yay spring!) for a really nice dinner.
Everything was SUPER tasty! I had seaweed salad, veggie dumplings, a kampyo roll, & 2 pieces of inari (tofu) sushi. Everything was SO AMAZING that I'm pretty sure that this is going to be my official sushi go to place.
The service, while friendly & well-meaning, was super slow, I mean, almost ridiculously so. We had to get up & go inside to find out server. Three times. 
I was torn about how many stars to give because the service was SO bad & the food was SO good. I went with 4 stars because even though the service was slow, they were still really nice.
Also, 10% off w/ your first yelp check-in.I'm pretty anal when it comes to sushi...and there are only few places in Philly area that I would go...price, ambiance, quality, and level of service has led me to give 4star rating.  It's not a good spot for authentic Japanese food like Sagami...but if you are craving tasty makis, then this is must...and it's BYOB!.Went to Makiman tonight for the first time, mainly because I had a Groupon for dinner. I hate to write a bad review, mainly because the servers were great  (very attentive and friendly), unfortunately, the food was pretty bad. The miso soup was watery and flavorless, the ginger salad dressing was ok, but not great and even the green tea was disappointing. They made a whole pot of tea with one tea bag, so it basically was like drinking hot water. My main dish was the Salmon Stone Pot. The salmon was fine but the dish overall really lacked flavor despite dousing it with the two sauces served with it. My date had sushi and a special spicy tuna tempura appetizer. The sushi was mediocre but she really enjoyed the tuna appetizer. I think that appetizer and the service were the only good things about the meal! I won't be going back.This is the first  and more than likely the last time I will order from Makiman Sushi.  Simply put, I was very disappointed and felt totally ripped off!  Never have I paid so much for so little  that was so average.I've been here twice. First time was better than the second. The waitress was nice and attentive. The nigiri sushi I ordered had a few pieces that seemed slightly off. Also, I didn't really like their metal chopsticks. Not terrible but not great either.First off, I gotta say how happy I am they moved to their new location. We used to go to their NE location when we could, but given the drive, it made it hard to enjoy their BYOB option. Now that they're in the city, game on!
The sushi is fresh, the rolls are creative and delicious (Sixers Roll is my favorite). What I really like about this location are they're creative options like their Tuna Nachos, which is a great way to start your meal. The BYOB option is clutch and I'm looking forward to taking advantage of their Monday All-You-Can eat deal. 
If you're looking for unpretentious sushi joint in the city that has great food and good service, definitely worth a try.Came to Makiman yesterday with a livingsocial deal. I have to say my experience this time was much better.  We got the McNabb roll, which was surprisingly twice the size as the one we got during my last visit. Perhaps it was a different sushi chef (or maybe they listened to their yelp reviews?! :)) Regardless, the rolls here were very filling this time. I also tried the salmon avocado roll and the white tuna roll, both of which were fresh and sizable. I hope these well sized rolls remain; I'll definitely be back!
The service was again very good.Quick service, has Japanese and Korean food, and good lunch specials.I contemplated five stars, but i wasn't 100% happy. We got take out...
 Cons: There were WAY too many bonito flakes on the agedashe tofu. Also, the sauce wasn't on the side, so by the time we got home the batter was a soggy mess.
No low sodium soy sauce.
Wasn't thrilled about the ginger dressing, but it wasnt terrible
Pro: Sushi was so so good. The rolls were huge, the fish was fresh and I was really pleased. Even my picky boyfriend was happy.
BYO. We didn't eat in, but when picking up I noticed that they were a BYO and it was decently busy for a Friday night. 
Our order was ready in 20 min, and the staff was friendly at the restaurant.
I'd order from here again or eat in. I wish they delivered to my house!I went to Makiman tonight.  Service sucked, sushi was, at best, mediocre.  I don't know what possessed me to get "Mama's roll", but it was inedible.  I did manage to eat the rest of the other rolls.  The sushi was just kinda sloppy and definitely didn't taste fresh.  Best part of the dish was the pork dumpling soup as an appetizer.  I have high standards because Umai Umai is my favorite place on earth...this wasn't in the same league.  Will not go back.My friend suggested Makiman as a lunch spot between Philadelphia Dance Day classes this past Saturday. I love sushi and saw they have a lunch special so I was game. 
We sat down around 1:00 and the place was pretty empty. We may have been the only customers in the restaurant at that time. With that being said, our waitress was very attentive. 
We both went for the 3 roll lunch special. For $9.95 we each received 3 rolls of our choice and a bowl of miso soup. I went reverse maki for all 3 picks- the spicy yellowtail, the eel cucumber & avocado, and tuna and avocado rolls. All three were pretty tasty and the price was definitely right.
I've been there before during dinner time and have had the pleasure of sampling some of the more fancy rolls. Those are absolutely worth checking out but if you are looking for a filling, delicious sushi for a reasonable price, this is your place.Definitely my go-to sushi place. The service has always been excellent and the food does not disappoint. There are many vegetarian options, as well.Good spot before the theater. Great selection of creative rolls & entrees, fresh sushi.  reasonable prices- check out 50% off special menu items on Tuesday (one per customer) The staff was dressed more for a pizza joint than a sushi bar (with an atmosphere to match- and not in a good way) and they blasted HORRIBLE club music. Next time I'll ask them to change the station.I've walked by this place several times, never thinking it'd be someplace I'd enjoy. I was certainly wrong. The upbeat vibe was a surprise and the staff were very friendly and helpful.
I ordered the Chicken Teriyaki Stone Pot Bi Bim Bop and was excited with the sizzling bowl hit the table. I the brown rice was crispy on the bottom, the veggies were fresh and there was an abundant amount of tasty chicken morsels.  Soup and a hearty salad preceded....
Go try them out!"I like it raw!"
I'm a picky sushi eater and this is the best sushi restaurant in center city, hands down.
I'm a big fan of their fusion roll list.  The different combos of sushi all wrapped into one mega sushi----OH. MY. GOD. Heaven :)  (Sixers Roll is a must!)  After going through every sushi roll twice, I decided to try their entrees.  Not too bad--I've had the Bul Go Ki which is a marinated beef with an arrangement of steamed vegetables/rice/soup&salad. 
The owner and waitstaff are so friendly and make each visit feel very personal.  Throw in that this is a BYOB and pricing is extremely reasonable for amazing sushi and you got yourself a great night out!I want to talk about this place all the time, but sometimes I hesitate.... 1) because I am not sure if I should say "mah-kee-mah-n" or "mah-kee-man" (as in MAN, I sure is hungry) and 2) I don't want it to get over-run with people. 
No matter, perhaps I shall head over there again to ask the staff... because I will  just take any excuse to go and indulge in their delicious selection of creative rolls that explode crunchy, spicy, creamy avocado-y, savory, sweet, tangy flavors in your mouth.   
Personally, I am a fan of spicy crunchy things so some of my faves include the sixers roll, the mcnabb (def the roll, ambivalent about the football player), the viking (VICTORY~!) roll, and the yellow stallion. 
I like the Spider roll here, but it's not one of my faves. Definitely a solid offering - upside, you get 6 pieces which is more than most sushi places, but downside is it's smaller. IMO, when the softshell crab is that small, you start to lose the flavor of the crab and get more of the soy-based sauce and/or avocado. 
Lovely things: BYOB, attentive and friendly staff, speedy food delivery, takes rezzies, relatively inexpensive for sushi and they don't rush you out. 
Sushi aside, I really enjoyed the agedashi tofu - Makiman's version of this dish comes with a LOT of bonita flakes. However, the dolsot bibimbap was just okay. There was so much sesame oil mixed in that towards the bottom 1/4 of the bowl, there was a pool of spicy oil drowning the remaining veggies and rice.When I worked in Jenkintown, we used to take a jaunt down to Northeast Philly to Makiman on those days when we needed a pick-me-up. So, when I saw that Makiman opened a location in Center City--that would deliver to me--I was more than thrilled. 
Since they opened, I have ordered at least once every two weeks and have never been disappointed. Their sushi is fresh, inventive and absolutely delicious. My favorite roll is the Sixers Roll.
In short, stop in, order takeout or have it delivered. The food is outstanding and you will become a repeat customer.Delicious sushi, reasonable prices, and BYO; Makiman is great!This place has an incredibly extensive menu with some very American-leaning fusion items.  Although I can't remember our exact picks, we tried some of those as well as some more traditional food.  I was more satisfied with the traditional stuff.Really the sushi isn't so bad. Although they seem to drench everything in spicy sauce, many of the rolls were quite tasty. The real disappointment (and the reason for the 3) was the Pork Tonkatsu. It was god awful! The pork was a soggy mess with a sad sad egg placed on top. I love Tonkatsu for the cripsy tempura coating on the pork, but here it was just a soggy mess. Don't think I'll return for any sort of entree item, but if you like your sushi with a bit of sauce, than this is the place for you.After getting this menu in my mailbox, for some reason I didn't throw it away. I'm glad I didn't because it is now one of our favorite sushi spots for take out and eat in. The makiman combo is a great deal since you get to choose your 3 fav rolls and it comes with soup or salad. Their sixers roll and love for tuna roll are awesome as well! The portions are big and the Sushi is always fresh. Plus its byo..... 2 thumbs upI LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS PLACE!!! 
Some of the most fun rolls and its BYO! :) I like to sit at the bar and watch the guys rolling.  
MY favorite rolls are the Sixers, NE Viking, Spicy Capt'n Crunch oh the list goes on... dynamite roll is a winner too.. 
You MUST get the rock shrimp tempura - nice and spicy! :) yum!!!Great sushi at reasonable prices.  Their Sixers roll is out of this world.  They need to change the Donovan McNabb roll's name to the Mike Vick roll.
Great staff and I love that they incorporate the Philly sports teams in their menu.  It is very unusual for a sushi place to do so, at least from what I have seen.
Keep up the good work and I will keep on coming back!Shumai was delish! Rocky shrimp was pretty tasty, not the best ever, but no complaints. The best part was how fast they delivered! Less than 20 minutes! AMAZINGNostalgic, voluminous, but somewhat basic Japanese food.
This is a small sushi place in center city Philadelphia.  The interior is surprisingly nice, but I got take-out.  I'd definitely eat in here if I had the opportunity.
I tried the Makiman's Pancake and the Chicken Katsu Don.  The former was basically a seafood pancake in the Vietnamese style, and - like the many seafood pancakes I've had at other places - was really darn good.  The Chicken Katsu Don was accurate to what I ate in Japan, but a bit basic - the breading and egg were a bit weirdly moist, but nonetheless were pretty good.Great fusion rolls, solid service, nice seats by the window, and real quality ice buckets.  A great sushi find for groups or dates!I had sushi delivered from Makiman.  I used the online ordering system and it worked well.  My order was delivered on time and the gentleman was very nice.  I opened the package and found everything I would need - napkin, chopsticks, soy.  
The seaweed salad was blah.  No cucumbers or carrots, just seaweed nothing great.  I ordered two rolls and 4 pieces of nigiri.  I love unagi so I ordered and unagi roll with avocado and 2 pieces of unagi.  My first bite into the nigiri unagi was not good.  It was fatty and tough - not how unagi should taste.  I tried the roll and couldn't eat the whole thing due to the poor quality of the unagi. 
The Hamachi nigiri was also tough and I feel was cut very thin and small.  The raw Viking was a nice roll but it is advertised as having green and red tobiko on top but it only had red tobiko on it.  
Overall, I wouldn't order from Makiman again.  The quality and value aren't there.