This place was recommended by a friend and it was delicious! My husband and I spent a weekend in Philly and tried a few different cheesesteak spots. This was the least flashy of the three spots we tried; however my husband and I both agreed it was by far our favorite cheesesteak! The bread was super soft, cheese was melted perfectly and the onions and meat were chopped and cooked to perfection. We both highly recommend this place for cheesesteaks! We didn't try the pizza but I must say it looked and smelled great!Cheap. Greasy. Delicious. 
Those are the three words that  I like to use to describe pizza that I like. 
Mama Angelinas covers all of those bases. Fantastic. 
It's also great drunk pizza when you don't want to get the dirty pizza down on 13th street.
xoGreat cheesesteaks and other grill sandwiches. 
The pizza is somewhat disappointing given the $$/slice and that they are a 'pizza joint' by definition. 
Great late night dining option, okay lunchtime meal option, never a good idea for a dine-in lunch or dinner as the ambience is sketchy.Possibly the best pizza I've had in Philly yet. It's got a nice crust, not to cripsy and not too soft. I have yet to try any of their other menu items but I swear by this pizza. Just an FYI, they only except cash.Not a bad pie but when I say light cheese well done I mean light cheese well done.I used to go here often since it's convenient but the only thing I ever really liked eating was the cheesesteak. Pizza's alright. Cheese fries are runny and unsatisfactory. I haven't gone back in months because the food is only okay and some of the staff members have bad temperaments.
I got a pineapple pizza once and they topped it with five gigantic slices of pineapple instead of dicing them. My friend ask them about it and the irritable old man who seems to work there frequently yelled at him. He has also yelled at me for asking for a box for the food I couldn't finish and at my friend for touching their mop. Probably not going back.Love this pizza place! Was right by our hotel and open late. The medium pizza is huge (it would be considered a large pizza in some places) and not to mention amazing! Got a sausage, red pepper, and mushroom pizza the first night there as a late night snack and was amazed at the portion size. Before leaving the area had to stop there again for another pizza! This time it was just sausage and mushrooms and it was still amazing. Highly recommend this pizza place.These guys jacked me.  Visiting from NY, staying at the Double Tree, and in a big rush.  They got my order wrong, even though I saw the guy write everything down correctly.  By the time I was long gone, I realized they got it wrong.  I called and asked them to give me a 50% refund as a gesture.  They said no.  I should come back to get the onions and hot peppers.  My cheesestake would other wise be ruined, andI was pissed, but did.  When I got there, the onions and hot peppers weren't ready, so they gave me cash back.  Total iditos wasting my time, and the quality of what I got was solid.  Good bread, but no flavor IN my sandwich. -- Update:  I went back the next day before returning to NYC.  I got my chicken cheesesteak the way I wanted it, and it was the best I've ever had.  Damn good.  Also, the price was less, but who cares if they make it up on the fly if it's that good.  Great toasted bread.  Amazing.  I'm bumping them up from 1 start to 4.We order from here a lot and the pizza is good. Its a pretty good price for philly in center city. The pizza reminds me of the texture of a pretzel for some reason, overral nice place. The chicken parm is pretty good too although the bread they use is very chewyThis is your really basic pizza joint, what another Yelper described so memorably as a great place for pizza late at night when you're drunk. That sums it up: if you're sober, this may not be the pizza experience that you write home about. Also, despite what some other Yelpers have said, I didn't get a warm welcome from the counter person. There was a yuck factor (the kind of thing you don't notice drunk): the chairs had a stickiness to them, resulting in my Deputy Yelper's tip admonition: "Don't sit down. I repeat, don't sit down." I dare any pizza lover to stop in here without being haunted by the thought that Nomad Roman Pizza is just down the block.Close to our hotel, we went to grab a slice of pizza here. 
The pizza is cheap! About $2-3 for a large slice. The pizza itself was mediocre, nothing over the top. 
Order their sandwiches. I say the sandwiches are better than the slices.
The waiters/cooks were fast! Kept a great pace for busy tourists!Terrific pizza, many choices by the slice.  I've never sampled anything else, but the menu is loaded with options and I heard Charlie Manuel once say he loved their breakfast sandwiches.  Only drawback, the little dining room is none too cheerful; you may want to take out and eat while walking.  This is particularly enjoyable in January and February when a hot slice makes winter vanish for at least four minutes.Went for lunch. Tasty slices with a nice crunchy crust. Gotta love a good, cheap slice.Mama Angelina's is the perfect place for drunk pizza. They're open late, the pizza is delicious and greasy in a good way. I love their sausage pizza. I've walked pretty far out of my way for this place!
I have no complaints about the service. No, they're not friendly, but at 2 AM I don't really need friendly service. They always offer me the student special (it's a slice or two and a can of soda, can't remember the price!) even though I haven't been eligible for that for a few years, so I think they're alright :)Arguably the best cheesesteak I've had here in Philly. Best thing about this place is they're open late and the pizza is solid. Very consistent and good bang for your buck. Not the best place to eat in but for takeout and late night pizza it's awesome!This establishment has the gaul  to charge for paper plates and napkins. And, once again, my heeds of "well done light cheese" went unheeded.Without question the single-best pizza in the entire city of Philadelphia. I saw some people pan their service, but they have never been anything but nice to me (or the other customers when I've been there). 
I would walk three and a quarter miles (and have done so before when drunk) just to get a slice(or two) of their sicilian. The sauce-- tangy and salty and garlicky and just, oh! The cheese-- texture, flavor, consistency, stringiness as I try to bite: perfect! The crust-- thick and yeasty for the sicilian, crisp and doughy for the regular: pizza heaven!
I make it a point to stop at Mama Angelina's anytime I am downtown for doctor's appointments, meetings, trainings, and bar crawls. I think it's worth adding to your list, too...Awesome cheesesteak, great bread, price is good n it's huge. The menu looks very interesting too, def will stop by again while in philly.I don't want to re-invent the wheel here, but Krista P. and I share similar views (and love) for Mama Angelina's
I have never been there during daylight hours, and I can't say that I have ever been there without having had at least two drinks in me, but their pizza by the slice is absolutely heavenly.
Cost per slice depends on what type you get (for me, always pepperoni), so expect ~$2.50 to $3.00.  It usually comes out very quick and the gentlemen working the counter take your order as quickly as they can.  There is minimal seating inside, or you can take it to go.
If you are thinking about going here or that other pizza shop about a block away, do yourself a favor: skip the long line and satisfy your savory late-night cravings here instead...you'll be glad you did.Came by bc open late. I search for ny pizza. Zio's much better,  same price slice. Gave me wrong change too.  Tasted like reheated frozen
So I recommend it if you crave pizza and NO other place is open.CHEEP CHEEP!!  Do I hear chicks?  CHEAP CHEAP!  Ah I see!  CHEAP!!
Ok what do you expect.  This is a DIVE pizza place with cheap food.  Pizza is greasy.  But it is awesome!  Reminds me of when I lived in NY as a poor girl.  Cheesesteaks are very basic with no frills!
Atmosphere.  There is none.  I usually sit outside with their cheap WALMART plastic furniture and people watch.
The staff.  There is this one guy that is really nice to me.  I should get his name the next time.
But I would definitely come back for more.Good, inexpensive pizza for when I'm feeling lazy and just want to grab something to eat at the end of a long day. Not gourmet but a quick slice for around $2.50 is not bad at all.
The staff here is always positive, polite, and friendly, and all possible seasoning for the pizza is provided up front. 
One thing that gets kind of messy is when you ask for it to-go, they just stick the paper plate in a paper bag and the oil leaks everywhere and is cold and messy by the time you take it home, so dining in or perhaps asking for a box would be preferable. 
This is an ideal late night or fast, pizza-craving spot but I wouldn't go here for anything beyond that.This afternoon I found myself wondering why I hadn't gone out to pick up a couple of slices for in the past month so I asked around the office and was directed here.  No-frills pizza in a no-frills parlor; few customers here at 1pm which didn't bode well.  The slices were served up to go right quick with no smiles but no attitude either; grease flowed forth like none other on the two block trek back to the office.  Single-handedly the greasiest slice of pepperoni pizza I've ever had; I folded that sucker in half and watched my paper plate drown in 'roni juice (and this slice was not piled high with pepperoni, six rounds max).  
Okay goods, I finished off the two slices no problem but none of the ingredients stood out, sometimes you get what you pay for ($5.60 for two one-topping slices).Haha I give you 4 stars Mama. BUT only because you're open late as hell and I like your pizza. That old dude cracks me up but really he needs to smile someday. I've been there a lot and I've never seen the guy smile once! He sure yells a lot but smiling not so much. The pizza is awesome though. And I had a cheesesteak (no whiz, that stuff is nasty) but it was good. The pricing is fair too. And if you're a UARTs student you get 2 slices with a drink free (bring your ID). I like that. They ain't skimpy on toppings either. Anywaaays. Yay Mama's. That's the moral of this latenight story.I work around the corner from these guys and they are one of the most consistent little pizza shops in the neighborhood. They don't serve anything overly complicated, no risks here, just churn out the same product day after day at the same quality level, which is respectable.
I've had the tuna hoagie, Italian hoagie, cheesesteak w/ onions on the order of something like 2 dozen times each, always pretty good, always tastes the same. Recently I've been making special orders and they comply, maybe b/c I'm a regular, and the sandwiches turn out well.
Oddly, the drawback is the pizza, It's just an overly greasy mess. Avoid.Dammit, permanently closed, I loved getting cheesesteaks with bacon here, every time I've been to Philadelphia since 2000 I've had a steak from this place, had Pat's and Geno's and they are for tourists with crap service I'll miss this place and their cheesesteaks, now to find another spotVery reasonable pricing. I ordered a chicken cheese steak and was pretty impressed with how quickly it came out and how delicious it was.I had the cheesesteak special which comes with fries and a drink for $8.90 but I think the man who took my order thought I meant a steak sandwich because it had no onions or cheese on it, c'mon man this is Philly get it right. The fries were not cooked all the way and were soggy. Horrible fries! Pizza looked good and that's what most people there were ordering. Stick to Jim's Steaks and Tony Lukes or John's Roast Pork in South Phila near the Walmart. The bread was also stale and very low cheap quality stick to the pizza and your okay. It's convenient for guests staying at the Doubletree Hiltion which is where I was staying.Perfectly and utterly fine pizza.  Probably better late night but I had a vege slice for dinner and enjoyed it.  Tough to get a $2 plain slice anywhere nearby.  Not sure where you'll do better for pizza after midnight.I only stopped by this place because it was on my way to where I was heading...if that makes any sense. I just wanted something quick/easy in my tummy before I got to the drinkin', and it was the first place I saw that fit the bill.
Walked in, ordered a slice, and sat down. Few minutes later the slice was ready, and I ate it. It was decent, as Philly pizza goes...VERY greasy, if you are into that sort of thing. Workers had the gruff-friendly thing going on, mixed with a general sense of bewilderment. It was amusing to see two cops casually walk in, look around, and say "well, your burgler alarm is going off, but I don't think you are being robbed. Reset the alarm". And then walk out. Yay, Philly!their french fries (potato wedges) are DELISH! highly recommended. 
their pizza however is eh~Just had breakfast there but breakfast was great and the rest of the menu and food looked great too. All the staff was very friendly and prices were good. Nothing fancy but would definitely recommend. Wish I would have known this was right outside of my hotel last night. I would have just got food from here and stayed in my room and watched the game instead of wasting my time at the lucky strike.It is just OK. This place is just across the street from where I work.  I usually go to Angelo's Pizza in the Bellevue Food Court, however, Angelo's was out of eggplant today.  I called in a order for an eggplant parm sandwich.  They told me that the sandwich would be ready 7-8 minutes.  I stepped out, crossed the street took a picture of the place, went in side and they were already boxing up my order.  They package their sandwiches by using styrofoam boxes.  Even thought this isnt great for the environment, it is good for my sandwich.  I hate when places wrap up my cheesy sandwich in paper and the cheese sticks all over the paper when you unwrap it. Eggplant parm sandwiches are usually a bit greasy.  This one was especially greasy. The bread was nice and fresh and crisp.  Overall the experience was OK to good, however the sandwich was just fair in flavor.  If I go again, I will probably just try the pizza. I like Angelo's eggplant parm better. When I looked over the stock of ready to eat pizza slices, they had a nice variety of plain, veggie, tomato, pepperoni....As I write this I am getting a bit uf a tummy ache.They were packed and their service was actually pretty good. If you need a quick slice or a decent cheesesteak, this is not a bad option.I got a special (steak and fries combo) and it was alright... on par with other places in the area. I liked that the place had a decent bathroom to wash my hands, but I really hate these places that are still CASH ONLY in 2010. This isn't some place under the El or some strip in hood. This is Broad St... Avenue of the effin Arts! Get your ish together! So what if they have an ATM in the store. Also, they have nastyy attitudes in there. They won't see me again.I've been here a handful of times and the pizza is decent, however I won't be going again!!
Tried to go last night after a concert. Called ahead to ask when they closed and was told 12:30. We arrived about 12:15, and they were locking the doors. They let us in and proceeded to pull pizzas out of the fridge in TRASH BAGS and serve to us. We just wanted a few slices, but they tried to force a whole pie on us charging us $1 more than advertised per slice. When we questioned the prices the two men working  told us "this is Philadelphia"... as if that makes overcharging for trash bag pizza acceptable...Not sure how this place closed so fast. We were just here last week.  Fast in and out type pizza joint. Nothing special and some random people come in.  When we were there, they were out of ranch, etc.I used to go here when I lived in Philly before, in the mid-late '90s. I'm living in Philly again now, and I stopped in recently. It had been 10 years! I was happy to see the pizza is still as good as I remembered. The inside is different -- it looks like they tried to make it a little nicer. It's cheap and good...can't ask for anything better than that!Nothing to write home about but for a fast pizza joint it'll do. Standard fare, standard prices, standard flavors.Its not the best pizza here in the city but its very delicious.  I have a few other spots I prefer. For late nights, they're great. Fantastic people. 
Their cheesesteaks and other food is actually delicious. These guys are lifesavers and a hardworking, friendly family restaurant.Very good cheesesteaks.  Greasy and salty, just like I like it.  :)  I got mine with mushrooms and green peppers, and unlike some of the other places I have been they did not put in sweet peppers instead. (GROSS!)
I have also tried the pizza and the slices are also greasy and tasty, and pretty big.The pizza greasy and delicious.  Eating here will diminish the effects of any impending hangover in half..lol.  The cheese fries are great, but with the new year, I stopped eating them.  They are open really late on the weekend, so definitely stop in for a quick bite.I love this place. I gave it 4 stars last time but I've now been here a lot. More than I probably should considering my bank account. ;) The thing is, the food is always good, cheap, and hot.
Tonight blew me away. I had a pizza steak. I don't think I need to explain the beauty of a pizza steak but I just can't help myself. Picture it: Steak, bread, marinara, cheese. It sounds simple and yet I was almost devastated when I had none left. The steak was hot, not too greasy but just the right amount. The cheese was oozing, the bread soft on the inside with a bite on the crust. 
Thank you for being open late and serving me delicious food.This is the third time I've been there and been able to get the food I desired.  Tonight's excuse was merely that the grill was turned off even though it was 90 minutes before closing.  Based on the lack of service orientation of this crew (they rotate new immigrants through every 6 months it so), avoid this place like the plague.Best hoagie and pizza shop in the world. I wish they'd open a store in Lancaster.To be clear I've never eaten her before 2am.  And I've only had the pepperoni.  But what a delicious slice to my intoxicated lips.  Cheap.  Fast.  Yum.  There is no more to say.This is my go-to for late night pizza in Center City.
It costs more than Tower Pizza, but it isn't cardboard. It's a solid bet to satisfy your late night cravings or pregaming. It's your standard pizza/sandwich place. But the pizza definitely is more than solid.
Also, they have steak fries for their sandwich platters. I MUCH prefer them to the standard shoestring fries
I've always had decent customer service and they take care of me right away. The only reasons it's not getting a full 5 is because it is a bit small, it is slightly overpriced, and their prices have been subject to change without notification on menus or on the price board.It baffles me that I have never discovered this place before. I was here every single day during finals week and I thank them for putting up with me. You really can't go wrong with any of the pizza choices; but I am not an expert on the sandwiches since I have never had them....but I have heard good things about their cheese steaks. This has to be one of my favorite cheap pizza places in Center City.I could not have asked to live across the street from a more convenient pizzeria.
As one who is frequently asked to leave bars as the doors are being locked late-night pizza is essential.  This place is open until 3am on weekends (2:30 if they feel like it) and the pizza is very palatable.  A slice is $2.10 + 0.50/topping.  
I have honestly never eaten anything else here, and I am not sure why I would.
They do not sell alcohol here.I lived in Philadelphia in the 80s and 90s. This was a great place for food after the bars closed. In February of this year, I ended up at the Doubletree Hotel for a long weekend. I stopped in for a cheesesteak as my first dinner in Philly in more than a decade. I wasn't disappointed. You don't go to Mama's for the atmosphere, but the food is real Philly food. I went back twice more over the weekend.It was quick and good.  Nothing special but got me feed! I had the Philly cheesesteak and fries the bread was awesome and fries were delicious. I would definitely venture back to try the pizza.  It seemed to be the hot seller!i wandered around downtown philly for like an hour trying to find something decent to eat that was also dirt cheap. as my strength began to fade, i just said 'fuck it, i'm rolling into the next dirty pizza place i see'. mama beckoned me in, and i do not mind. living in chicago, i am forced to eat this weird chicago pizza...not the deep-dish monstrosity that we feed to tourists, but this thin-crust thing cut into little squares with the cheese on top of the toppings. it's good, but i like to be able to fold my pizza, so maybe i'm just a sucker for a properly-shaped slice.I live right across the street and often go to get a good pizza, cheesesteak or/and cheese fries. I don't get it too often to try and stay healthy but it's awesome!I don't really even want to review this place; I feel like it's my little pizza secret.
I come here for lunch at least twice a week.  I get a plain slice.  I costs $2.40.  I've been coming here for around 4 years, no lie, so listen: that lady just started talking to me.  Today, she asked me where I lived and worked.  This was maybe the first time she's actually started a conversation with me.  At 4 years, this is a long-term relationship, so yeah, we should be bff by now.  But whatever.  I talk all day to people, I don't need to get deep on my lunch break.  The customer service is bad, but we live in a city where you have to know the cheesesteak code of etiquette, for christ's sake.   
When the weather's nice, there are tables outside.  When it's not, it's not too crowded on the inside. 
The pizza is consistently good and makes for a satisfying lunch.  I can read in there without being annoyed at people, like if I stay at work or go to the Bellevue.  I've also enjoyed their fries and the occasional meatball sandwich and the select coworkers and friends I've taken here have all been happy with their food as well.
I have seen people eating here after last call -- it's way better than Gay Pizza/Homo Hut, but I haven't really stopped in during that time too often.  I call it Leet Pizza, points if you can figure out why =0)4.5 stars.  I went here all the time in college.  I happened to be in Philly recently and was staying at the Double Tree, conveniently located right next to one of my favorite old slice joints.  Sure, you need to bring a few paper towels to soak down the mountain of grease, but it is worth it as it is so very good (the pizza, not your grease-soaked paper towels).  Also, really good cheesesteaks in a city clogged to the gills with 'em.My bf and I kept walking past Mama Angelina's and every time he would glance inside and say that he should really try them out. Well, when he was getting really hungry, couldn't decide what he wanted to eat, and was beginning to get on my nerves, I had a stroke of genius and suggested he FINALLY try that pizza place we always walk past. 
He got a slice of their vegetable pizza and their pepperoni and we sat down in the very typically pared down dining area inside. Between bites he offered commentary - and a bite for myself - about what he thought of the pizza, and I pretty much agree with him. I personally found it extremely greasy, but he didn't mind that. The crust was a good, thin crust, and the cheese was pretty good. Sauce was ok, it didn't make the pizza that much better than other places. He was somewhat disappointed with their prices since we've encountered better deals for similar quality elsewhere. But overall the pizza is solid. Unless you're a girl like me who would use up 20+ napkins trying to sop up that grease.Mama Angelina's eaten at the hours of 1am to 4am is very, very satisfying.
Their cheesesteaks are alright, they don't really pack much flavor but you get a really good portion.  
Their pizza is decent - I'd recommend the pepperoni pizza. I think only night we ordered a large and it came out to be $18.
Eateries serve specific purposes and Mama Angelina satisfies those looking for a late night bite.When I go to Mama Angelina's, I'm not expecting excellent service. I'm not expecting good service. I'm expecting them to take my money and give me food. That's what they have done every time I've gone there (which has probably been a dozen or so times). When I go to a place like this, as long as they aren't affirmatively mean to me, I'm not about to deduct any stars. They haven't been mean to me at Mama Angelina's yet, so four stars it is.
I've had plenty of slices of pizza, a couple of chicken cheesesteaks, and a plain cheesesteak. All of the above are greasy and delicious, and taste especially good between 1am and 3am. I've also had a burger, which was dry and unimpressive.
BOTTOM LINE: Cold service, hot and tasty pizza and cheesesteaks. Cash only, which is plainly unacceptable in 2010. Four stars.Place doesn't look like much, but ordered a pepperoni pie and it was nice and gooey and greasy.  Gourmands would turn their nose at it, but it was delicious.  Haven't tried anything else there though, but will return for the pepperoni pizza.Their cheesesteak here is freakishly and surprisingly good. Soft bread, mmm! I'm knocking off one star because there is no cheese wiz option!
Remedy? We bought a jar of wiz at the grocery store to slather on whenever we're feeling lazy to drive to Jim's or Tony Luke's. I mean, it's across the street from our place; you can't beat that!
Oh, and their pizza is pretty good too. :)OK, here's the score...during the day it's an older Greek guy, Pete the owner, and his wife, not a clue of her name-and she is sort of mean. The other guys are pleasant enough once they get to know your face. The pizza is greasy but still not bad, they haven't switched over to the trendy ingredients that every other pizza place in the center city has switched over to. It's a dive pizza joint that caters to the U of Arts students and workers in the area. Don't expect much but it does fill your gut. 
The older guy at night is one mean mother f****er, don't look him in the eyes!Maybe my favorite pizza in Philly.  Way good.  I've had breakfast here a few times too, and it has been good.  I'm not giving Mama Angelina's five stars because I'm not going to insist that everyone put down what their doing and head over there, but if you're looking for good pizza, this would be my first recommendation.  Hands down.The dude behind the counter is kind of grumpy or maybe he just doesn't talk a lot.  You've got to try the eggplant pizza.So, like a lot of the places I've reviewed, Mama Angelina's used to be a place I frequented for its convenient location. It's practically across the street from the music building of the University of the Arts, and all the music school kids (I used to be one) used to run over there for a couple slices between classes or if they were in the middle of a marathon practice session and needed some fuel to keep them going.
The place is not pretty, nor is the pizza. If I remember it correctly, it's that really, really greasy stuff, where you have to dab it off before eating or else the grease will run down your chin, burning you all the way. This disgusts some people and excites others. I'd say I was pretty into it at the time. Which explains the weight I put on during that year I spent in music school.I ordered a Gyro Sandwich. Let's just say Athenian Grill in Austin blows their gyro out of the water. Martin had the Philly Steak on a Hoagie and he said it was great. The steak was moist and the bread was chewy. Maybe the pizza will be better because it smelled awesome.I'd give the pizza a 3.5.  The service a 1.
The pizza here is pretty good.  I think it is expensive, but that is due to me graduating from Rutgers, where the pizza was really cheap (in New Brunswick).  
I'd say to just make your order and leave and come back (after making sure you waited enough time for it to be ready).  The workers here are mean.  It's like they don't even want you there.  Just get in and get out.  I ordered in store once, and the guy basically yelled at me when I asked how long it'd be.The pizza is delicious, and it's conveniently located right under Perch Pub for when you get the drunkie munchies!I'm a self-proclaimed pizza snob. This pizza is .. okay. It's not great but you could do a lot worse. Mama Angelina's is open late, which makes it attractive to folks just getting out of a show at the Academy of Music) or any of the other theaters along Broad Street) and bar fiends. Keep this in mind if you're in a hurry, because unless you're just grabbing a slice to eat on the way to your apartment, car, or cab, you might be waiting for a bit if the place is packed. 
I usually only go to Mama Angelina's right after work, when I know I've got nothing to cook and don't have the energy to do some grocery shopping. It's fast, inexpensive, and right across the street from my apartment - it's a no-brainer. 
Like I said, the pizza is just okay. The staff are all pretty nice. There isn't an "atmosphere," - it's a pizza joint, for God's sake, but it's convenient and hey, they take credit cards.Mama Angelina's Pizza was fairly disappointing. I was looking for somewhere tasty and inexpensive to grab a quick bite today, so I took a walk around and pulled up reviews on restaurants that I passed. When I walked by Angelina's, the reviews looked decent and the price was right, so I decided to pop in and give it a shot. 
All I had was a slice of Pepperoni well done and a Snapple, so I can't comment on their other fare (of which there didn't appear to be much besides cheesesteaks and wings). 
The pizza was pretty awful - greasy, off tasting and sort of cafeteria-esque. I usually blot up a bit of grease with a napkin when I eat pizza, but there was so much on the slice that I gave up after using four. I don't expect pizza to be grease-less, but it was not super appetizing. My stomach is, as I sit here an hour after lunch, flipping around like a fish out of water. I have heartburn, and I don't get heartburn.  
Otherwise, the place itself seemed kind of dingy. However, the staff was prompt and polite, and my food came out very quickly. Other than that, though, there were not a ton of bright spots about my visit, and I highly doubt I'll be going back. Long story short - you can do a lot better for about the same price in the area if you know where to look!I eat here almost every time I stay across the street at the Doubletree. I've always had a good experience. Their cheesesteaks are very good and the bread is always fresh. The pizza is great, could use a little more sauce, but I lika-da-sauce! Great crust. The owner can come across a bit surley, but this is the big city and the food is good. I guess he can get away with it!The horrid attitude and unfriendly overall aura of Mama Angelina's has made me finally resolve not to dine there. I live in the Arts Condos, which is LITERALLY directly across the street from Mama's, so it has always been a convenient place to get a slice of pizza at a good price.
And the pizza IS good, if you like New York style, super thin, super greasy, super cheesy pizza. At $2.00 a slice for a piece as big as your arm, it's a decent sized meal at a totally reasonable price.
But the staff is so abysmally rude that I won't put up with it anymore. I literally had my final straw today; I went in and ordered a cheesesteak with everything, two pieces of cheese and two pieces of sausage pizza. The guy wrote down my order and then another guy began making my sandwich.
Pizza is normally given to you on a flimsy paper plate, and if you're taking it to go, they slide the whole thing inside an equally flimsy paper bag (the kind you might get a cookie in.) If you order four or more slices they will put it all in a pizza box for you, which makes sense because 4 slices is pretty much the size of a small pizza.
Well today the guy pulls out some paper plates so I said "Could you please put them all in a box for me? I just have to walk across the street, but I don't think I can carry four paper plates and a sandwhich." And he said "We don't have a small box." So I said "Well, normally if I order four slices they put it in a box for me."
So then he starts glaring at me and YELLS "What kind of pizza DO YOU WANT?" I said "Didn't you just take my order sixty seconds ago?" And he just repeated himself - "WHAT KIND OF PIZZA DO YOU WANT?"
So I literally told him, to his face, "Look. I'm fed up of this. I have probably spent $1000 buying $2 pieces of pizza from you over the last 12 months, and every time I come in here I'm treated like dirt. You guys are so rude, I don't want anything to do with you anymore."
And he actually had the nerve to be incredulous about it, as if it was news to him. Trust me, he's heard this before. So he points back to his coworker who is making my cheesesteak and says something about how he's already making it, and I said "No, forget it. I don't want anything to do with your food ever again."
And then as I'm walking out the door, he had the audacity to say "God bless you."
Don't put money into the pockets of people who have no consideration for you as a customer just because it is convenient. Give your hard earned dollars to people who make you feel like your business is appreciated. 
Mama Angelina's is staffed by two young men, an older man, and a woman who are incapable of gratitude, pleasantries or even social nicety. It isn't worth it.Pizza's fine in a pinch. It is pretty similar to the pizza I grew up with in Northern NJ and I can't complain too much about that - or at all. South Jersey Pizza is generally pretty gross. 
If you happen to catch a fresh pie right out of the oven you will not be disappointed (unless of course you are spoiled by the amazingness at Zavino). Standard slices here, pretty close to what you'll get in a corner shop in NYC. 
Great for a drunk slice if you need a break from all the fun to be had in that area and are looking to NOT break the bank.I was out late in Chinatown with some friends and after drinking at Tazia, Yakitori Boy, and Vietnam Palace, we were hungry and standing in a not moving so fast line at David's Mai Lai Wah at 1am. One of my friends suggested that we go over to Mama Angelina's for Pizza because they were open till 2am. Well I had my stomach ready for some sobering Duck noodle soup with ginger & scallions (and a lot of hot peppers) to clear my head. 
But instead of waiting we decided on Mama's. We got there around 1:30 am and it may as well have been 1:30 in the afternoon, the spot was full of people' 
Not the kind of folks you see during the day, I think sunlight would harm this crowd. Half the people were drunk, i saw a couple of ladies of the night, a suspected pimp or two, a couple of cops and about six kids in prom tuxes and gowns. 
Instead of ordering a whole pizza, we ordered slices to take advantage of the many selections. I had the Barbecue chicken pizza and a slice with olives, feta cheese and fresh basil. Everyone thought the pizza was great and I could of had another slice but I was distracted by the floor show. One of the prom dudes was eying one of the hookers and his date was extremely upset about it and one of the pimp suspects was being questioned by one of the cops and here I was wanting to go to dull ole David's!The veggie pizza here is pretty good... I'll be back for another slice.
On the other hand, the eggplant parm. sandwich sucks.  
First glance: "Wow, this sandwich looks great.  Lots of eggplant... more than enough to eat... toasty bread."
First bite: "Did they put Ragu marinara on this thing?"
Second bit:e "I forgot how much I haaaate Ragu sauce."
I'm hopeful that other things on the menu are decent...Mama Angelina's is one of the best bad places in Philadelphia. They are so good at being nasty that it's worth the visit! The pizza is never consistent, the staff is often rude, and the prices always change. It's like Vegas!
The flip side is that there open 'till 2am, next to UArts, and rude! So if your craving something unknown between classes, check out Mama A's!