I frequent mamas usually on the weekends and always get so psyched that their hours accommodate my late Sunday fix. I usually get the half falafel sandwich and fries which only amounts to $6.50. This can usually serve as lunch and dinner if you go with a certain appetite.I can eat A LOT, as in: "try-to-hide-the-piles-of-food-in-front-of-me" a lot. And these platters make me look like I have a modicum of restraint. I don't recall ever running out of anything on the plate before I ran out of falafel. There were so many falafels they had to bring the rest out on a separate plate. Everything was scrumptious (I had the Mama's Platter), made better by the pickle bar to add some zest and spicy goodness to my food pile. Bonus moment: taking some leftovers home...all for $10.I went there for the "best sandwich" today, but the whole experience was a disappointment. There was a ridiculously amount of hot sauce and was very unevenly spread, almost cried when I ate at the end. And honestly, the sandwich tasted very fair in general in regardless of the excessive hot sauce. I probably won't go there again, I've had better falafel sandwiches in Philly... Overrated place.
btw... It's cash only. 
日妈老子遭辣惨了Great place with fantastic, traditional Mediterranean for a ridiculously low price. Bring cash and stop in on several occasions if you can. I already plan on it being my lunch spot again tomorrow!believe the hype!  Fantastic falafel!I'm surprised i haven't reviewed this place yet! I'm here for lunch at minimum once a week! I usually get the half (or whole) falafel sandwich and carrot juice. Their falafel is some of the best in the city-crispy on the outside and soft/mushy on the inside. Sooo good!dead man walking on the island... a last meal... granny's sweet potato pie, diet mt dew and falafel from mama's. there's no doubt that it's the best in the city of philadelphia. reviews aren't necessary for mama's.I love Mama's so much.  The half falafel sandwich is my go to lunch at a mere $3.50, and the whole is only $6.  The eggplant is necessary when a whole sandwhich is in order.  And they have amazing soups during the winter, like lentil, mushroom & barley, white bean, & spleat pea.  A cup of soup and a pita is only $3.50.  Then the guys behind the counter are the greatest.
My non-vegetarian husband loves this place as well and is a stop in our regular eating places.  When you're extra hungry, the fries are remarkably good.  
Overall, this place is crucial.  If you haven't been yet, order a "half on whole wheat, spicy."  You won't be disappointed. 
Don't forget it is cash only!I arrived at 20th and Ludlow intending to try to Octopus Falafel Truck but wound up at Mama's Vegetarian instead - talk about a fortuitous turn of events! I used a friend and fellow yelper's review to decide on what to order. The Mama is really the perfect sandwich - whole wheat pita lined with hummus and stuffed to the brim with 5 falafels, tomato, cucumber, cabbage, hot sauce and tahini. The pita is soft and doughy (the best I've had), the falafel crispy on the outside but still super moist and flavorful, and the cucumber and tomatoes fresh and simple - the perfect complement. I'm a meat fiend so I consider it a real feat when I don't miss or even notice its absence in a meal, and Mama's delivered. I also ordered the grapeleaves and fries. I've had better grapeleaves, but the fries were legit - steaming hot, glistening with oil, and that fresh potato taste (clearly just out of the fryer). The service is fast and all the individual components of the food are done really well here. I'll definitely be back, just needs that extra WOW factor for the fifth star.
Tip: CASH ONLY!If Mama's could open up inside of an Ikea-cum-Target-cum-consignment store, I'd never have to leave home again!  
The hummus is top notch. The falafel is cooked perfectly, it snaps in your mouth as you bite into it. The pickled veggies have just enough taste so as not to overwhelm your tastebuds. 
And the Jew in me feels like it was a "mitzvah" to eat quality, kosher food. 
If someone could prepare food like this for me everyday, I'd give up the cow in a heartbeatWhy haven't I come back here? The first time I got food from Mamas, it was a rainy evening and my friend and I were looking for a cheap quick vegetarian place in the area. Well they didint let us down! They gave us samples to try and the prices are so fair that we got so much food! The falafel is amazing and the dip for the sandwiches and wraps is to die for. 
I don't remember exactly what I ordered but you can't go wrong with anything on the menu!Good falafel! Only downside was them closing at 3pm which we didn't know about so had to get our food to go. But fries were good and the food was good. Definitely recommend!Great falafel sandwich, the salad bar has a good selection of pickles. You definitely get good bangs for ur bucks hereIf you're looking for an inexpensive, delicious and cultural lunch, this is the place for you! Even though Mama's is super popular and very busy during lunch, the staff works tirelessly and very quickly to accommodate their customers. A small place, there are a bunch of tables to sit at inside, but I suggest trying to nab the 2-3 tables outside, or taking your lunch to go - falafel is the perfect to-go food! The employee's are very professional and super nice. Highly recommended!!  
Btw - cash only, so bring cash!I order through the Caviar app all the time and the food is always A1! I even got my coworkers into it. I'm obsessed with the falafel sandwich with the tehina sauce!  best part is I don't feel like a beached whale for the rest of my work day.Nice place! Nice food! Nice staff! It's a small peculiar place with very friendly staff and customers. Our falafels were delicious and the music was good! ;)As a vegetarian, I know my falaffel.  And this my friend, is the best in Philadelphia.
It's everything a falaffel should be, crisp on the outside, moist and chock full of delicious magical wonderfulness on the inside.  
Expect a line and remember to bring cash! They don't do cards.I love Mama's! This little hole in the wall that has the best Israeli food around - it is truly authentic! 
Everything I've had at Mama's has been delicious; I particularly love the Sabich eggplant sandwich. 
Everything is so so fresh and delicious. The staff is constantly filling the containers with recently cooked or cut items. And, there is a fixin's bar which is amazing if you want to add some more tasty treats to your sandwich....that is if you can find room as they truly stuff those pitas! 
Love the staff.
Warning - at lunch time on weekdays there may be a very long line... but it's worth the wait! Really!The falafel sandwhich is unmatched ! This is my go to spot for lunch . I wish the venue was slightly bigger but over the food is scrumptious !The platter is huge, could be a meal for two or a meal and a half. Everything was very fresh and tasted fantastic. The french fries are made to order so they're super fresh and tasty. Many of the vegetarian options are vegan as well. They do have whole wheat pita, but it's limited and sells out sometimes. There is also an unlimited pickle bar.This place is definitely solid, but I wouldn't call it the best falafel I've ever had. Love the prices, and that you can make your falafel sandwich spicy! Definitely a great place to get a tasty, filling, inexpensive lunch if you're on this side of the square.Really, really excellent food. Best Latkes sandwich ever. Best falafel I've had in the city of Philadelphia. Beats the hell out of Maoz Vegetarian. The staff could be a bit cheerier though!Falafel, hummus, stuffed grape leaves, and more for for very minimal prices and a full tummy?  I think yes!  This lunch spot is absolutely the greatest thing that's ever happened to the work week lunch.  The guys who run the place are so friendly...  you just can't go wrong at Mama's!!!  (Cash only)Authentic Israeli falafel place in Philly! I ordered my favorite, sabich, which can be hard to come by outside of Israel.  Cheap and delicious! This is a must-stop if you're looking for a great quick middle eastern meal in the Rittenhouse areaLove this place!!! Tried the salad with extra falafels and it was delicious!!! Also tried a grape leaf, whole wheat pita and the pickled veggies which were fantastic. I will definitely be coming back here as often as I can. The serve was very fast and extremely friendly.Celebrating MLK Day with a stop at MaMa for a sit down...Spicy Falafel with Eggplant will do the trick, but this time i am also doing the fresh cut French Fries. Well, the Falafel needless to say was awesome, but the French fries deserve their props also....nothing beat fresh, fried in Peanut Oil. This place is a must try...and next time I will try the Latke (Veggie Type Burger)Omg best falafel ever!!! I will be going back soon to try the rest of their menu. I was never a big fan of falafel but wow its really good at mama's.  If you're near it that's where you should go for lunch or dinner.The best falafel I have eaten ever. These guys keep it really old school and simple. And like almost every Center City outfit they are Cash Only. Ahh, Philly.This lunch- and cash-only vegetarian restaurant always has a line, and for good reason! I've only ever had the Mama's falafel sandwich, but that's all you'll ever need. Just tell them what level of heat you like, and perfection will be handed back to you. The hummus is very smooth and creamy, the falafel crispy and delicious. 
Pro tip: all of the fixings to the right of the kitchen are free. Even if you're ordering to go, you can grab small containers to stock up on carrots, pickles, extra hot sauce, jalapeños, etc. Try their green hot sauce, which adds some different flavors than the normal red sauce, but is equally hot.Some of the best falafel i've had here I tried it yesterday after leaving a meeting and realizing I  was up the block and also because of all the yelpers who spoke highly of the place. The food was good and since it was my first time there I got a free falafel ball which is how I made my choice as to what to get .. I hear regular bread is tastier but I love whole wheat so i chose that and I don't feel robbed of taste one bit! Thanks yelpers for pointing me this way I'll def be back againI come here at least twice a week.  Without a doubt the best falafel sandwich in the city, and trust me, I have sampled many.  I can't speak on their other selections as  accurately, I've only tried the vegetable latke and the side of fries one time each.  Both were very good but a whole falafel sandwich is just the right sized meal and it's by far the best thing on their menu. 
Their pickle selection is good. The humus that comes on the falafel sandwich is outstanding, the vegetables are always fresh, and the pita (gotta get it on a white pita, whole wheat, although healthier, just doesn't do it justice) is perfect, fresh and kept nicely warm.Really solid falafel joint. The five falafel sandwich wasn't enough to fill me up on its own but had a great balance of ingredients, and the side bar of unlimited condiments (pickles, fruit, etc.) was a pleasant surprise. The fries were fine bite slightly disappointing: oily, not very crispy, and only ketchup for dipping. 
It's slightly frustrating that the $12 combo of a sandwich, fries, and a drink doesn't actually save you any money, it's just the sum of how much each would normally cost. But that said, they do give away free bananas which is pretty cool.Welcome to Mama's I went on a friend's recommendation, think your favorite falafel cart  and give it a roof and a few tables.   Menu is pretty good your basic middle eastern food at reasonable prices. Falafel was pretty good, good crunch and flavourful. Hummus and Tahini was pretty good.  I would recommend in more for takeout in winter as it gets cold inside in the fall and winter.  They are great and fast  in preparing your food also which is a plus.Small spot nestled in the shopping district.  Service was quick and attentive. Definitely get the falafel sammie! We did and so did all the other tables around us. Great prices!Thanks to a Foobooz tip today I "discovered" Mama's which I'm totally surprised I'd never heard of...I am now, OBSESSED. I got a small sandwich and I can assure you it was filling...For those who know me, I am eternally starving, so this is a hard seal of approval to get from me. Such a good deal, too! $3.50 for a small sandwich (get the hot sauce!) and a container of veggies from the salad bar. Definitely beats a wawa sandwich for lunch!We were at the Franklin Institute and starting chatting with a couple who had kids that were playing on the science stuff with our kid.  Turns out the husband is Israeli and a caterer.  He said to me "If you can, make sure to go to Mama's... I'm Israeli and I make food for a living, so I'm not easily impressed... it's the best in the world!"  Um, okay... you don't have to tell me twice!  So as soon as we finished at the museum, we walked a few blocks down to Mama's.  It was the Sunday of Memorial Day weekend (2014) and NOTHING around it was open... just Mama's... it was 1:30pm and it was BUSY!  Everyone working there was nice, friendly, offered samples, patient... awesome!  I had a large pita filled with falafel and eggplant with a little of the spicy sauce. So fresh!  So good!  My meat-eater husband LOVED it!  The fries were made to order... hot, fresh-cut, and perfect.  I seriously cannot recommend this enough!  Yes, it's cash only... and there are a billion banks and ATMs everywhere in Philadelphia.  Grab some cash, get in line, and thank me later.  You're welcome.Once when I was fifteen and very stubborn with my palette I accompanied some friends to Mama's only to abstain from eating anything. Five years later I returned with a friend ready to complete another phase in my quest to try every Philly falafel gem. 
They serve up large, mouth-watering, and wholesome falafel. I haven't been to the Falafel King or Magic Carpet yet but this is tied with (if not slightly tastier than) Alyans in my book. It's a healthy and heartier alternative to fast food. Mama's packs your pita with falafel balls, a shredded lettuce mix, cucumbers, tomatoes, humus, tahini, and so forth. Upon ordering they also offer a spicy option that is some additional sauce, it's very good and allows me some sort of variation upon visiting. Their signature combo consists of a large falafel, a generous serving of fries, and a soda or water for $8.50. I've always taken left overs home so it's definitely worth the price. I'm a sucker for combos but they also serve individual (and smaller sized) falafel, platters, and soups. 
The only inconveniencing facet of Mama's is their schedule. As other yelpers have pointed out, they close on Jewish holidays. However in my experience whenever a fast food or hole in the wall has a challenging schedule that often inconveniences the customer (i.e. mostly every cheesesteak spot which I love ever) it often means that the food is very good! Plus if you're unfamiliar with Jewish holidays that is nothing that a quick Google search can't remedy. 
I highly encourage anyone to make the pilgrimage to Mama's. This falafel possess the power to cure hunger, poverty, blindness, the recession, the gender gap, etc. I'm just playin but it is a healthy decision for your next meal!I would say that it is the best authentic falafel place in Philly! 
For my New Yorkers, it's similar to infamous Naomi's pizza of NY :O yes I said it! For my people in Philly,  if you love this place, check out Naomi's pizza ( falafel place too) in queens!!!
This place is a little bit small but worth every penny. Great selections of sides as well as portion! 
I believe this place is cash only!Fabulous! Nothing else to be said. It's not a regular restaurant. Tables are very limited.great falafel, their humus is great, side salad bar of free stuff always makes me happy. 
almost every time i eat there, i find that i'm upset i hadn't eaten there more recenty. 
the reason this is true, btw, is that they seem to take about 1/3 of the year off for religious holidays. this includes friday nights and saturdays.This place is the truth...humus is the best ive had in philly.  food is fresh and fast.  dont forget the pickle bar.the BEST falafel in the city. don't listen to anyone else. go to mama's.
you won't be disappointed. no way, no how, no chance. 
do yourself a favor. goDelicious, fresh falafel in fresh, soft, pita.  Mmmm.  Tasty latkes, also.  I haven't yet tried the burekas.  Fairly inexpensive.  They have Honest Teas, which are basically the only bottled drinks I buy.  I wish they had more fixings options, but after getting stuffed on what they do have, you don't mind as much.Good when I'm being bad at lunch.  Everything is fried here, and even the latkes are pretty oily.  Still, I like it... the workers always remember what I usually get and are really nice.
Cash only.  Good for the price, although they can be closed during Jewish holidays that aren't known by most people.great food, great prices, friendly staff. A half falafel pita is plenty of food and only $3.50. Can't beat it!Good falafel, unfortunately they seem to always be closed.  Also a pain that they don't take credit cards.So delicious and such a good deal. Small falafel sandwich for 4$ that could pass for regular size at many places. You can get it spicy or non. They give you a small container for pickled vegetables on the side. There is a small bar with radishes, hot peppers, pickles, etc. The falafel is not too dry or drenching in oil, so flavorful! I'm not vegetarian and I love this place!Delicious falafel. Great lunch or dinner spot for a casual vegetarian middle eastern fare. The toppings bar is great and very plentiful. 
I make this a regular stop!Falafel was good but we weren't that impressed by their hummus.. overall nice place for people who are strictly vegetarian...worth for the value..Beyond amazing food here and the staff is helpful if you don't know what you are looking for with regard to choices.  I only wish the building was bigger for more seating because I love to hit up the relish bar and smell the food while I eat!The guys behind the counter are hard workers, and the sandwiches are served up quickly.  The fries are made to order, and just about perfect.  I recommend the sabich (a fried eggplant and hard-boiled egg sandwich).
The place itself is dingy, and the tables never seem to get wiped. If the tables are dirty, then the kitchen is not likely to be much cleaner.Simply the best Falafel in the USA. 
This place is a great little Gem. Been coming here for years and after eating Falafel in many places in the US, Canada and the Middle East Mommas takes the trophy.Cheap. Delicious. Cash only :( Get the falafel & latkes!!I love falafel and Mama's has the best ones I have ever eaten, hands down. I love this place. It is small, laid-back, inexpensive, and has a quiet atmosphere. Most of the times I've been there, I've seen families eating there or some type of large group. It's a quiet (but not stuffy) and relaxed place. The food never disappoints. I just love this place and I highly recommend it :)LOVE THE OPTIONS! Loved the atmosphere, and had awesome customer service! It's also very inexpensive, great if you're on a budget!Falafel tasted great, pita bread was perfect people were nice and friendly. However the place had a run down feel and who on earth serves falafel on flimsy cake paper plates like that and for the soggy salads/condiments too?. Next time I will take it to go that is if I ever find parking again :)Mama's Vegetarian is ultra delicious. When Falafel Bar closed down to move over the summer, I had to get falafel from somewhere that wasn't Maoz (which is alright enough, but you need variety). I kept walking west down Chestnut til I found this place, and ohmygod. Their sabich, to which I am wildly addicted, is amazing. Egg, eggplant, tahini, spicy sauce, it's all good. Easily the best sabich I've had in the city. It's fairly priced and they work super quickly, so even though there's usually a huge line at lunch, it's not too bad a wait (though if you wanna get in and out even quicker, go around 1 or 1:30).A really good vegetarian place. Cash only but the food is so cheap. Highly recommend the eggplant.The falafel fried at Mama's are golden and cripsy outside and fully fluffy and flavorful inside. A freakin delight, I tell you. The pita bread too! The pita baked here daily are super freshy and excellently soft and sturdy at the same time. Oooh if there's anything I can't stands, it's a flimsy pita. So, this particular pita problem is not something I have to worry my falafel sandwich lovin' head about here. It'll support the falafel and creamy hummus and eggplant, as well as any of the variety of pickled vegetables and tasty hot sauces that I wanna pile on them beauties from the pickle bar.
Life is too short for a lotta things and it's definitely too short to eat mediocre falafel.
Using the same vein of a falafel logic here, I deem life too short to pass up the opportunity to enjoy a great falafel sandwich every chance I get, and Mama's is my favorite falafel in Philly to date. Whenever I'm in the vicinity, I make it my business to have make any excuse to stop in at this little Kosher vegetarian joint. 
(Cash only- Have that CA$H.)The crack of all falafels. I refuse to even order falafel if i can't get Mama's.
There is only one downfall, the hours are a little difficult sometimes. They are for certain closed by 3pm on Friday and all day Saturday. But pay close attention to the Jewish holidays or you might find yourself falafelless and heartbroken.Falafel sandwich is GREAT. Inexpensive and filling.This place is good !!! That's all u need to know. So happy it's down the st from my office and I can get a fix whenever I want :)There's a line out the door at Mama's during lunch time for a reason -- their food is amazing! (It moves quickly by the way, so don't let that scare you away.) The large falafel sandwich is only $6 and it's so huge and filling. I'm usually still full by the time dinner comes around. 
I kind of love that every bite of the sandwich tastes a little bit different. There's so much stuff in it! Falafel, veggies, hummus, spicy sauce. Each of the pieces are really good on their own and even better when combined. 
The staff is really friendly and always smiling, even when it's busy.This place was ranked pretty high from fellow yelpers so I HAD to go check it out. Some people said these were the best falafels in Philly?? 
I'm sorry but I didn't get what the whole fuss is about. I think this place is hyped up way too much. 
The falafel I had was good, nothing special. The portion was tiny and I had to order twice. So in essense it was about $14-15 for lunch (two falafels and a drink)m which sucks. 
The atmosphere was weak. Way too cramped with dirty tables, so dont place to eat here.
Overall, the place is average, nothing special.So delicious! Came from NJ and really glad I chose to give it a try despite rough outer appearance. Falafel and fries were top notch.I thought I had found some of the best falafal elsewhere in Philadelphia, and boy was I wrong. If you're vegetarian, or simply love falafal, this place is heaven. I completely understand why there was a line out the door when I went here,  it's worth the wait! I got one of the lunch platters that had eggplant and falafal - absolutely delicious. I feel like I got transported back to Israel by way of pita :)I ordered a plate named after a woman.  I can't remember what it's called, but it has falafel, a veggie patty, and eggplant.  The meal also came with tomatoes, a whole wheat pita, cucumbers, and cabbage.  All of it was very good (except maybe the cabbage).  I give it 4 stars, rather than 5, because everything was cold.  (I doubt that temperature is standard; maybe it was cold because I ordered in the last hour the restaurant was open.)  Also, the sauces next to the counter seem pretty unsanitary.I've been here plenty of times but will never go again. I was waiting in line by the door and an employee basically yelled at me to shut it. I understand it is hot out; but not how you talk to a customer. Plenty other places to get falafel around here.Best falafel I've had in Philly yet - crispy and more importantly light on the inside. I've had falafel at a few other spots and they always end up far too dense inside, not so here, with the falafel (at least at lunch time) being freshly made constantly. White pita was also soft and fresh, tomatoes were bright red and delicious. A great falafel sandwich.Mama's falafel is the best falafel place ever. You can enjoy variety of pickles beside your food. They are very clean and friendly. Thank you.After reading the awesome Yelp reviews and passing by this little hole-in-the-wall joint multiple times, we finally made our long-anticipated inaugural visit to Mama's today.  We got the combo platter (which is listed on the online menu, but isn't an obvious option inside the restaurant) and a side of grape leaves, allowing us to try most of what they offer for under $12.  We tried to add a boreka, but sadly they were out.
Everything we had was great -- well-seasoned and hearty -- and the portions are plentiful.  Although most of the entree items are fried, they are not greasy or over-salted.  A standout was the latke, which is pleasantly dense and full of flavor.
That being said, it was the hummus and pickles that really make Mama's memorable.  The thick and creamy hummus is lightly seasoned and comes topped with tahini, olive oil, and some awesome house-made hot sauce.  We ended up getting an extra order to go.  Don't pass up the pickle bar, especially the pickled carrots, which are cooked through and infused with a subtle cinnamony-cuminy spice blend.
Can't wait to go back and try a boreka!Best falafel I've had. There are a number of great items on the menu -- but let's keep this simple. Ask for a:
Mama's on a wheat pita,
Spicy
Avacado
Go ahead and make it a meal. They'll make you wait on the fries, but it's totally worth it. All in all, this place is too good to pass up, especially if you're looking for something meatless.After living in NYC, we thought we would never find as delicious a falafel as Taim falafel. Wrong! Although this place has a different kind of falafel ball, it is just as moist and delicious. These falafel's also come with a lot more different kinds of fixins like hot sauce/pickled veggies on the side that compliment the dish well. My only complaint is the very limited seating but it won't hold me back from walking 15 minutes in 30 degree weather for takeout. Can't wait to try out the other items on the menu like the eggplant.I called Mama's to have a lunch catered for my company. I was absolutely polite on the phone and took the time to answer any and all questions. The owner, however, was very rude and kept trying to change my order. I still wanted the food though because my coworkers raved about the falafel.
The day of the delivery he wouldn't bring the food up into our building so I had to bother three other people to come downstairs and carry it all up. The food was definitely good and I enjoyed it, but as a catering experience it was awful. They included no plates or napkins either, and those are standard among big catering orders.Solid, great salad bar, excellent falafel, but a bit too in your face and curt to merit 5 stars for what it is.I definitely consider this place as one of my top Vegetarian joints in Philly. When I feel the need to eat a clean veggie meal, Mama's Vegetarian usually comes to mind. Always be sure to ask for extra sauce in the falafal. Bomb.comGuaranteed-delish, authentic falafel sandwiches (and/or platters) at an über reasonable price.  Fill it with your choice of toppings or let the experts do what they do.  Take advantage of their little salad/sides bar - (try their carrots, the little flavorful olives and their cauliflower - but you've got to first request a tiny plastic cup to carry out those goodies)
Often this is my second choice when Mr. Falafel cart (down the street) is nowhere to be found (or when I don't have the huge appetite to consume his massive constructions) but this does not mean that Mama's isn't good in her own right. She is.
Tiny place, I almost always take it to go  - on nice days, there's always a line but it also almost always moves rather fast.
I'm also partial to their stuffed grape leaves (50 cents a pop). Throw one in with your order, and get some extra tahini, hot sauce on the side and you're set!Life-changer. I had tried to come to this place at least 10 times before finally realizing that they are indeed closed every Saturday. But now, I'm totally willing to work around their schedule. After eating their falafel sandwiches, I feel like I owe them a lot more than the ~$6 I'm paying them. 
The falafel is so flavorful and crispy, and it has just enough smush factor that it melds with the other ingredients in the pita. You won't find a stale, hockey puck like chickpea patty here.
I order the large falafel sandwich, although the small could probably do, get a little side of pickled carrots and other fix-ins, and hunker down. The veggies are always fresh tasting, and the ingredient ratios are just right. Service is fast AND friendly- they care about their customers.  I wish they had cups for tap water so I didn't have to buy a bottle, but I guess it's my fault for not remembering to bring my own water bottle each time I come.The only thing keeping Mama's below a five star is the fact that it is cash only!
Visited Mama's today for lunch with a co-worker at my new job downtown.  Heard a lot of good things from fellow yelpers and was excited to give them a go.  Even with heightened expectations, Mama's delivered.
Walk in and read the board for the menu options.  I ended up with Mama's falafel sandwich.  You can get a half (3 balls inside) or a full (5 balls inside for $8).  If you dine in, your meal also includes a small salad bar with various pickled veggie options.  I should note they also sell fries and have a combo for $12, however, I opted out of the fries today.
The full pita sandwich was a good portion and maxed out in terms of filling.  I didn't leave hungry but had room to finish ever bite.  Beyond the falafel, the sandwich included veggies, tomato, hummus, and sauce.Very fresh and tasty.
Service was on point.  I went during peak lunch hour, but didn't have to wait long.  They work to keep you moving while giving you time to decide and customize should you choose.  Likewise, the place is clean, but does have limited seating.
Working around the corner means I'll be able to return to Mama's in the upcoming weeks.  Until then...In my mind, Maoz is still a bit better.
Here the falafel was good, but the hummus was way too tahini-y for me (my son, a falafel expert, wouldn't eat it) Plus all the hot sauce and tahini sauce was all in the bottom and not mixed at all.
The price was good, and I got there too late in the day to get fries, which are also a plus.
Maybe everything would taste better if I got there earlier in the day, so I may give it a try again, but I don't think I'll go out of my way to eat here.