It's crust and it's sauce and it's cheese.
And salad with artichokes, too.
Eggplant is fine, if you please.
And beers can be yummy with food.
But of all Philly joints for pie,
I have to ask myself why
Eighty dollars we spent,
When we coulda went
To a place that also serves wine.In my line of work I get to eat out frequently.  Anytime I get a pizza, I always compare it to mama palmas. I usually get take out but the few times I've eaten there the service has always been friendly and attentive ! Our favorite item is the polenta and our go to pizza is the Brunella. Highly recommend this place for a causal night out. Solid selection of beers for a small family restaurant.Vegetarian Review:
Food is great, service is not. I went there based on a recommendation of a friend. 
A ton of vegetarian options and even gluten free crust. (Only on small and medium pizza)
The polenta bread was VERY good, as well the pizzas we ordered. I had the mixed mushroom and my girlfriend had the mamas special. 
The food was delicious, fresh, and well portioned, however the service was lack luster. Forgot our beer, took forever to bring us grated cheese all while the restaurant was pretty dead. 
We'll stick to takeout next time.I've been going to Mama Palma since they opened 20 years ago. The food, service, staff and generosity of the owners are unmatched in the city. The pizzas are thin crust, have a range of options, fresh ingredients and are made with loving care. Other menu items from salads to pasta to calzone are equally good. Mama Palma will make what you want if they carry the ingredients. 
Over the years Mama Palma's has received dozens of great reviews. And once in a while someone will post a negative review. Usually these reviews are from people who rate every establishment poorly or think they can get their way by demanding and complaining. Ignore these people.
If you have not gone to Mama Palma's give it a try. It's down home cooking in a friendly atmosphere where you will feel welcomed and want to come back.Service was really great. For a Saturday night, there were three servers that were all extremely attentive and friendly. Interior is very warm and inviting. Plenty of seating and feels super homey. 
The prices here are pretty gnarly. Started with Caprese salad at $14.00. The size was extremely small and consisted of three pieces of mozzarella, eggplant, tomato, and bread. Small bed of arugula. 
Got the Mama Palma's Special pizza. Lots of garlic and spinach, overall it was okay. Pizza is thin crust and at $22.00, it was not that filling. Toppings were not evenly distributed and not enough sauce. 
The prices here are high. If you're trying to get to-go, I would try out Towne Pizza at 19th and Pine.My favorite pizza in the city!!! They have SEVERAL gourmet pizzas you can choose from or you can get the traditional types. Service is always A+ and when I've ordered ahead for pickup the manager/owner always offers a bottle of water. A small gesture, but a nice touch that keeps me going back. 
I am gluten free and you can always taste that there's a difference in most crusts, not here! They also have soy cheese for those needing a vegan option. 
They serve beer and cider or you can BYO wine. Great family style restaurant. Just wish they were on GrubHub for delivery, I would order more.This place is quite close to me so I really want to love it but the truth is it's just....OK. Not terrible but certainly not great. I'll go back because it's close but I wouldn't make the trek here if it's not convenient.I can't believe Mama Palma's has so few stars. I lived in Philadelphia for 8 years and just moved up to Cambridge, MA two months ago - my nostalgia for M.P. and my hope that it will open northern chains prompts this review. Mama Palma's is simply the best pizza I've ever had, and I've lived in Italy, New York and paid visits to Chicago. Mama Palma's ingredients are second-to-none, the pizza and its crust are neither too thin nor too thick, the tomato and mushroom which includes dollops of ricotta is a divine experience. What i wouldn't do to be able to walk down the street and have one of their pizzas right now...Best pizza in Philadelphia hands down! And its in my neighborhood.  
Outstanding and genuine customer service . Thank you for bringing the magic of ItaliaI have been going to Mama Palma's since it opened as a bright spot on the corner of 23rd and Spruce since it opened. For those of us in the area, it was the start of great food in the hood.
Pizza is always awesome, but I do miss the pannini. Service is normally great and they are kid friendly. 
It is a definite gem!Ok so seriously...
Pizza + BYO = Best Meal Ever
Been here a number of times and Mama Palma's always takes good care of me and whoever I'm with.
The service is extremely friendly and attentive without being overbearing. They love to help if you're ever feeling overwhelmed about the items on the menu, which is nice. 
The menu itself is filled with a number of good pizza options, and if for any reason you're feeling creative or like there's nothing on there that seems appealing they have a great option to let you create your own pizza, which I've done before and is awesome. 
Cash only place so keep that in mind before coming, but DO NOT go without getting the Polenta bread. Trust me you will not regret it.Marvelous pizza, lighting fast prep & service, and a wide range of pizza's. It is one of the best in town. Cash only, but clean simple pricing & an ATM in the building makes it easy. Often, when I buy a few pizza's they throw in a complimentary side dish. 
Seriously. Marvelous.The toppnigs here are really creative
and you have a lot of combinations to choose from. 
We went with two of the medium sized pizzas
and picked them up and brought them home.
The crust was good,
toppings seemed fresh,
but the sauce was a little bland.
If they added a little seasoning to the sauce, 
I think they'd really have a winning combination here.
Really nice guys working on the night we were here.As far as pizza goes, this is one of my favorites.  The pizza is flavorful and I love the unique combinations of fresh ingredients.  I think that their prices are in line with other high quality pizza places, but I think that it is wrong for them to impose a 
$10 per person minimum
who has ever heard of such a thing?  It just seems absurd.  That being said service is friendly and location is convenient.  I'll keep going as long as a I have cash on hand seeing as it is also cash only.Yummy, great service, and perfect with the kids. They even parked our double stroller for us, so we didn't have to worry about folding it up or having it be in the way.
Service was fast and super friendly.
Bonus: it's on the way home from the playground!Best Pizza in center city.  Thin crust. Real wood-fired brick oven, fresh ingredients.  When you order a vegetable pizza the vegetables are crisp and not cooked to mush.My favorite pizza in a neighborhood with plenty of options. The sausage and Brie is a family favorite. Delicious, delicious pizza!!Food 3.5
Service 2.5
It is a little expensive, and also cash only. 
I have to admit, I enjoyed the pizza, and they have a number of unique combinations and fresh ingredients. I liked it better than gusto and some of the other nearby pizza places. 
The friend that I was meeting was half an hour late though, and they were not very accommodating even though the restaurant was not full they kept coming over and warning me that I may have to give up the table.I would eat here if my legs were broken.  And that's pretty much the only reason.
I've been here thrice.  
1.  Cheese pizza.  Too mediocre for the price.
2.  Nursing a terrible migraine that was making me nauseous, so it wouldn't be fair to judge it on this.
3.  It was a sunny day, we were the only two people there.  They refused to seat us under an umbrella outside, even though we asked specifically for that.  We ordered the teriyaki pizza, with the predominant characteristic of: slimy.  Strangely, it was more palatable after refrigerated and eaten cold.  
So yeah, I'd be happier if this place was replaced by somewhere I would ever eat at again.I must admit I was shocked that pizza in Philly was so good! Look out NYC...you have serious competition!what can i say, probably the best pizza in philadelphia. i remember mama palmas being right across the street when i moved to the city 12 years ago, and the quality has remained the same ever since. the only problem i run into is putting up with the other customers. you stand the chance of being surrounded by obnoxious yuppies/penn students who want to drink their little bottles of cheap  wine and be as loud as they possibly can. pretty annoying, but the owner and the staff do the best they can to deal with morons like that. other than that, mama palmas never disappointsthis is by far the best pizza around for the price. sure its a little overpriced, and the place only takes cash, but all in all, the pizza is scrumptious and original.
i personally prefer to take the pizza out, as the place is very tacky a-la italian american style (as is the owner!), but if you do stay, they have a good beer menu.
all in all, its certainly worth trying. just wish they had delivery!I tried one of their special pizzas, and it sounded great: sun dried tomatoes, prosciutto and Arugula. The crust is thin, but lacks that airy, light quality one expects from great pizza (think Nomad for example). The quality of the ingredients didn't seem so great, as that great combination I described above tasted somewhat bland - maybe because the pizza was, literally, covered in Arugula. I'd give it two stars, but since I took the pizza to go, I'm giving it three stars, assuming the pizza would taste better if consumed at the restaurant.Order the veal sausage and veal pizza...it is out of this world!  I also stole a slice of my sister's bacon and goat cheese pizza which was also delicious!  I'm not a huge fan of polenta but the owner/manager gave it to us for free so I tried it.  It was pretty tasty.  My only regret was that I didn't get to try more toppings.  I'll definitely be going back to Mama Palma's.Really good pizza and casual, comfortable atmosphere.  Thanks to Yelp for helping us find it!  I would definitely go back when next in Philly.  We had the margarita pizza and the BBQ chicken - both were excellent.  We also had an arugula pear salad which was outstanding.  Service was very good as well.It's not too expensive for the quality of pizza also they DO accept credit/debit cards! Super yummy food and great ranch :) We had the gnocchi as well with the pesto sauce substitute which my husband approved and he is very particular about gnocchi! Over all great family place, owners could try and be a little more friendly.5 star! Consistently Delicious pizza and salads. Great ingredients and lots of unique menu options.  Great value for quality & Service is always amazing and personable.Service could be better but the pizzas are great! Personal favourites are the Nonna and Cajun Shrimp.I am so happy to have Mama Palma's in my neighborhood.  They reliably have a vegetarian special that is unusual and delicious.  Their salads are also delicious and huge, which is why they are somewhat pricey.  Have tried almost all of them and have not been disappointed.  
Service is always pleasant and quick.  They have seasonal outdoor seating where dogs are welcomed, even when they're whining and begging for a piece of pizza.POLENTA BREAD!!!
Our Famous Warm Polenta Bread Plate served with roasted corn fresh rosemary and our roasted sweet peppers
-`- I can eat this and be happy for the rest of my life. It's THAT GOOD
Homemade Gnocchi with a red filleto di pomodoro, a touch of garlic and fresh basil
-`- This was pretty tasty as well, one of the better one's I've had
The Pizza, just average. 
Why go here ~ POLENTA BREAD.
Just do it. It's only $7. Stop by, have a beer, EAT POLENTA BREAD!
And the Outdoor seating is perfect for a nice day out!
* Check out Pics!Delicious pizza and very nice to be able to BYOB wine. A favorite for our whole family!!This is such a great neighborhood restaurant! The pizza is to die for , salads are always fresh and the calzones  are perfect. I love byos and my favorite part about Mama's is that I am never rushed. At a lot of byob's once you finish your food you are hovered until you walk out the door. Not here, feel free to finish your bottle, conversation and maybe even get an espresso (if you aren't overly stuffed from the brick oven fabulous-ness that you just devoured)  you won't regret coming here!!Amazing food. Amazing service. I love pizza. All pizza. But this pizza is the best! Mouth wateringly, melt in your mouth, where did it go!? kind of pizza. Smells amazing as soon as you walk in the door. Greeted with a smile. Amazing staff. The first time I went here I was getting take-out. They offered me water while I waited which was totally unexpected and really going the extra mile. I ordered take out again on Valentine's day with my boyfriend and they were very timely for being a night that could have been packed. The next couple times I went were dining in and I was just as pleased with the food and service. A great, friendly, family-owned class. Pizza is a little pricey but for the quality it's worth it. The salads are definitely overpriced so skip it unless you really want to pair the salad with a smaller pizza as I did one of the last times I was there. Did I mention they are also BYOB!!!? Awesomeness.Mama Palma is God's gift to Filter Square, and her pizza is proof that He loves us and wants us to have divine things here, in this earthly life. My sources in the Vatican tell me that the real reason for the Pope's visit to Philadelphia this Fall is to dedicate a shrine to Mama Palma, canonize her as Saint Palma, and to experiment with transubstantiating Saint Palma's pizza to see if it can serve as a replacement of the typical Eucharistic toast, (as a strategy for increasing attendance at Sunday Mass throughout the Catholic Diocese in the Tri-State area). No word yet on whether or not the canonization will be reflected by a name change for this landmark local business, though there has been talk of simply adding the abbreviation "St." to that homely and familiar sign that hangs above the hallowed walls of Mama's establishment. 
I have had occasion to read some--I wouldn't say negative--but non-ecstatic reviews of Mamma Palma's. Let me set the record straight: your tongue will know flavors it has never before known and the rapture you feel would be sculpted by Bernini into a timeless work of art were he still alive, you will be served by the most pleasant and wholesome people in the city, and the way you feel upon returning home will make you a better lover. How, you ask, will you be made a better lover by eating at Mama Palma's? By ingesting what has been crafted with the most pure love and affection, you too will feel love and warmth and goodness wash over your soul in waves as well as a degree of Schadenfreude at the thought that there are so many unfortunate souls who have never yet felt the joy you now feel for having been a customer of Mama Palma's.I live in the neighborhood and love getting pizza to go from Mama Palma's. Their small pies are more than enough for one and most are under $10 - great variety of toppings/sauces, good crust and fresh ingredients.  Non-pizza options are good too.  Yes, the other Yelp! comments about the service and attitude are pretty accurate which is why I only go here for take out  :)  If you get to know the surly owner and give him attitude right back though, he's not so bad.  This is Philly, after all.This place made a good "gourmet" pizza.  The atmosphere was good--outdoor seating was helpful for that.  The beer selection was good (at least it went beyond Yuengling...not that I'm hating on the Yueng, mind you...)  Oh yeah, it's easy for me to get to.
I think that covers the positives.
Like many others, I found the prices outrageous, and the service to be lackluster.  Also, while we were there, they had many an empty table for four people or less, but I saw two groups of 6+ people wait 20 minutes or so to be seated.  The place does have more of a group hangout than a quaint date restaurant, so maybe they should attempt to accommodate more large parties in the future.
All in all, I'll return because it was good enough, and close by.  If it was even a 10 minute walk I would probably walk right past.Love the selection of pizza here. Love the BYOB component. Think this is a great place for friends to eat, drink, and be merry!Great variety of pizzas and decently priced. You could easily split a med pizza between two people. The polenta bread pizza appetizer thing IS delicious. It was my favorite thing. 
Personally, the pizzas weren't INCREDIBLE, but they were tasty and you have plenty of options.6 of us (including two young children) went to Mama Palma's for dinner and had a great time.  The service was great and you felt like you where in someone's home.  I started with one of their signature salads.  I am blanking on the name but it had walnuts, apples, dried cranberries, and blue cheese on it.   The salad was fresh and quite tasty.   I also ordered the  goat cheese and bacon pizza and it was fantastic!  Everyone really seemed to enjoy their pizza.  Our friends had the BBQ chicken pizza and said it was great.  The owner/manager was very accommodating to the young children with us.  When their mom asked if it would be possible to order some fruit for them, he quickly sliced up fresh apples, pears, and peaches.  He gave this to us free of  charge and also treated the girls to lollipops after their meal.   This is a great place for families and the BYO (wine only) aspect makes it that much better.  The signatures pizzas are unique and there is large variety of toppings to make your own signature creations.    I'll be back for sure!I'm a huge fan of this place, and if you count dining in and take out, I've probably had their food 20 times in the past year.  
First, this place is BYOB - which is great!  Second, they only take cash - which is lame.  I get it, credits cards cost restaurants money, but its time to just suck it up and get a credit card machine like the rest of the world.
Everything I've had here is pretty good, but their Pizzas are obviously the true star.  If you want great pasta there are probably better choices within a few blocks, but if you want great gourmet pizza at very reasonable prices I think this is the best place in Philly.  In particular, I love their polenta bread (try it, trust me), and my two favorite pizzas are the Veal Sausage & Brie, and the Sundried Tomato & Marscarpone.  I know there are tons of other great pizzas on their menu, but I love these two so much that I can hardly bring myself to try anything else.
In my opinion, this place is a great value.  If you split an appetizer/salad and a large pizza the bill probably won't top $30, and if you bring yourself a tasty but cheap bottle of wine you can have a great meal (with leftovers) and wine for less that $40 total.Cajun Shrimp pizza is awesome and so are their other specialty combination pizzas, like the bbq chicken and peking duck pizzas.  The salads are good too, the pesto salad and greek salad are decent.  It's a decently sized place that can accommodate big groups.  It's also BYO and does great take out too.  It's very brightly lit and is not really a date-y/romantic place...but maybe a great place to take a first date to enjoy a great meal!The food and service was excellent. Had the best gormet pizza ever. The restaurant was clean and has a nice atmosphere. Definitely will go back.Its worth it when your pizza is cooked by a guy with a stasch thats cooler than anyone in there, including him.The medium pizza which is over $20 for most if not all of the pizzas on the menu is distressingly small. More like a personal pizza. You would think that a medium pizza would be able to feed at least 2 people. Not the case here. If you don't mind paying $20 plus for a personal pizza this place is for you. 
Plus for $20 plus it better be a knock out pizza. It's not. Average at best. You can find much better pizza for more reasonable price at many other area locales.We tried here for pizza tonight Last night. The pizza is delicious. Philly has great pizza places.I live close by so I constantly eat here- wether it is in the restaurant or takeout. The service isn't the friendliest- they have to move fast so they can be a but rude. They have so many pizzas and other options but the best meal here is simply the polenta bread. 
This polenta bread is so amazing!! 
It is composed of a slightly charred, thin but chewy crust, a layer of polenta and some corn kernels, roasted green and red peppers, a sprinkle of cheese....
Honestly one of the best things I have eaten in my entire life and that's saying a lot.I had heard good and bad things about this place, and most of them were true. 
I went here with a group of four and we all enjoyed the food. The pizza was great, thin and crispy crust with pretty unique topping choices. The salads were also great, pretty big, and delicious. But, for what you get, the prices are a bit high and the whole time I just felt such a negative vibe from the staff. Well, my "vibes" were right, because when we were done enjoying our meal, and were engrossed in conversation, they came right over and asked us to leave.
Great pizza. Poor service. I don't think I'll go back if they are just going to shove us out the door again.Still the best pizza and pizza place in the city. I can't get over how amazing the staff is and how delicious the food is! Tonight, we ordered take out of the Asparagus Alfredo pizza and a Caesar salad. Both were divine. Our wait was mere minutes and the food was delivered to us as we sat outside enjoying the spring night. Perfect. Every time.Enjoyed the polenta, salad and pizzas on Saturday (same as so many visits before over the years).  The salads are always fresh and pizza and polenta bread consistently delicious (love the specialty pizza crusts!). The owners and staff are wonderful and definitely make you feel special when you dine with them.I've been here a handful of times and Mama Palma's is consistently great. The staff is fully aware of the awful reviews of the owner (heard them talking about it), and they seem to go out of their way to make sure you do not get that experience. They are always sweet and attentive, one even telling us once it was "her mission" to make sure we had a yummy pizza just the way we wanted it. 
Tip: Cash only. BYO wine only, they do have a beer list.Most of the pizza is great. However, charging $14 for a salad with CANNED beets, unripe tomatoes, some weird-ass (old?) raisins, bagged spring lettuce, and maybe a teaspoon of goat cheese (hardly) ... felt like it was worth $5-7.While Mama Palma's isn't the best pizza I've ever had, the pizza is a great and not-too-expensive option for those going out in Rittenhouse and Fitler Square.  The staff are courteous, professional, and very prompt.  The salads are very big and delicious.
My only gripe is that they don't take debit or credit.  To their credit, they have an ATM machine that charges you $2 or $3 upon withdrawal.I am definitely a fan of the pizza here.  They have a lot of options for interesting combinations of ingredients.  Cozy interior and plenty of outdoor tables.
It's a BYO, so you can have a great pizza and a bottle of wine on the cheap.  
I came here for good pizza, nothing more.  I got good pizza...4 starsI really enjoy coming to this place. The service has always been friendly and efficient, and the pizzas (red and white) I have tried have been good. My favorite is the four cheese pizza, hands down. I also like that you can use credit cards now and that they sell beer. (Note: MP does not have a full bar and if you'd prefer wine, you may bring your own standard size bottle.)Solid pizza place.  Cash only.  I had the chicken parm which was ok but my wife had a spinach pizza which was awesome!  Service is friendly.  The restaurant is clean and tastefully decorated.  This is a really good pizza place that i would recommend to others.Gourmet pizza my ass! This place is basic. Upsides: good service, wheat pizza option and BYOB. Downsides: minimalist with toppings, the pizza is always basic and it's overpriced for what it is. 
Go to Gusto down the street.The pizza here is always delicious, chicken scallopini, and the mama Palma special are amazing, and who knew polenta could be so good. I love this place and the homey atmosphere.Amazing wood-fire pizza! Very unique options in toppings and combinations, all of which are incredible. My favorite is the sundried Tomato Marscapone, my boyfriend loves the Vincenzo and we always get the polenta appetizer - definitely a must try!! The staff is always friendly and the owners are almost always there with a smile and nice conversation. 
Definitely the best pizza in this neighborhood. And they're BYOB!!We live close by and do frequent this pizza place. It has some of the best pizza in the city. Probably not quite as good as say Nomad or Vertri pizza, but close. The owner is a character, and gives the place some southern Italian authenticity. Price is reasonable, not cheap. 
Cash only and BYOB.This is not a "pizza joint".  If that's what you're looking for, you have plenty of other options.  Mama Palma's is a lovely restaurant that has a friendly decor and food that is fresh & delicious.  My friends & I have been coming here for several years & have never been disappointed.  The salads are generously portioned with delicious flavor & texture combinations, and so fresh!  The pizza - - thin light crust with again, delicious flavor combinations.  I think I've tried just about all of the pizzas & my favorites are probably the Veal Sausage & Brie and the Goat Cheese & Bacon (everything is better with bacon!).  Picking a favorite from this pizza selection is like choosing your "favorite" child.
Mama Palma's always has a great energy when you walk in and the service has always enhanced our meal - - quick & attentive.  Enjoy!I like this place for the whole wheat pizzas and salads. Since I live near Mama Palma's, I think I've given it more chances than I normally would have.  When I ordered a calzone, I remembered why I had mixed feelings about this place the first time I went...the calzone.  Too cheesy and lacking in taste for me.
I sometimes wonder why some of the people who work there are so upset, or why I always crave it on Mondays (when they're closed).  From such ponderings, I chose this as my mid-week, go-to pizza take-out place.Here's what I love about this place: pizzas, calzones, salads, the polenta bread, the neighborhood, and the friendly owners.  All of the ingredients taste incredibly fresh.  The salads are large and not sopping with dressing - I especially like the Greek salad.  I get the veggie calzone without eggplant - they will make it however you like it (no pre-mixed ingredients).  The take-out is fast.  During busy nights, there can be a wait for a table.  Everyone who goes there loves the food.  Some complain it is too pricey for pizza, but the pizza is so good, it is definitely worth it.  When a place uses great ingredients, you get great food.  It is that simple, and Mama Palma's has that down pretty well.  You know how some places use really greasy cheese for the pizza?  Not here - they have great cheese from which to choose, and you can even get a lower fat cheese (not my favorite, but some people like it).We picked up Mama Palma's Gourmet Pizza and wow did "gourmet" live up to its name. We had the polenta bread plate, Mama Palma special pizza, Barbequed chicken pizza, and the Juliano pizza.
"Our famous polenta bread plate" was great. Cut into bite size pieces to act as an appetizer but in the shape of a pizza. This treat was a nice flavor-filled intro into what was to come. Highly recommend.
The Mama Palma special is a solid vegetarian pick. The garlic spinach tomatoes made me think of a Greek pizza. This is a lighter option.
The Barbequed chicken Pizza was my least favorite of the three but that's a harsh outlook on a pizza I liked. The chicken was a little chewy but the extra ingredients compared to a normal BBQ chicken pizza made up for it.
Saving the best for last, I'd surprised if I don't get the Juliano pizza again within the week. 3 sausages and peppers intertwining into now one of my favorite pizzas in the city. Can't recommend enough.
Looking forward to dining in next time and trying new pizzas.Great pizza! Definitely worth checking out if you're in Rittenhouse area and jonesing for some pizza. 
The staff is super nice. The owner gave me a free water bottle while I waited bc it was a hot day. So kind. They love their product and are so excited to talk about pizza. I love this. 
Tried three pies: 1) herbed sausage and artichoke hearts, 2) pepperoni and mushroom, and a third one I don't remember (see photo). All were so so good. 
Crust is really standout. A little pricy for pies but not bad since you're supporting a local business. Will definitely go back.if you're looking for cheese and pepperoni skip this place. if you like alot of random toppings on your pizza ("gourmet") then this is the place for you. I'm personally a fan of random pizza toppings so I love this place. The pizza is always delicious, albeit pricey (like I said skip it if you're a cheese pizza fan). The wait staff usually rushes you out the door as soon as you're done stuffing your face, so its not the most plesant dining experience but yet I keep coming back. its byob for wine only, so sip and eat slow.This is a really good place for a medium-large sized group dinner or birthday party. The staff is great at accommodating groups, even without a reservation (although obviously your better off with one). 
I ordered a mountainous salad topped with pears, goat cheese, and olive oil. It was exactly what I was in the mood for. (I am not usually so much of a salad girl, but I had eaten a whole order of fries before dinner.) I also tried a slice of the basil and tomato pizza. The crush was a little chewier than I like, but the topping were fresh and delicious. The prices are a little high for the food, but when you factor in the savings on alcohol it's totally reasonable. But BYO-er beware, this place is only BYO for wine. Leave your 40's at home.I tried this place for the first time today and was really impressed. The service was great, they serve a decent selection of beer, and the pizza was really amazing. I tried one with bacon and goat cheese - and it was delicious! In fact theirs is my new favorite thin crust pizza.Mama Palma's is the best pizza I have tried in the center city area(honestly, it doesn't seem that the competition is all that steep).  Their crust is a little bit softer than Tacconelli's and their topping choices are more diverse and creative.  I'm a big sucker for artichoke and they do it well.This is my husband's and my favorite place! You can tell right of the bat that everything is homemade. It does not have that processed food taste like many of the other pizza places in Philly. We love how fresh the toppings are and how generous they are with the portions! Unlike many places their veggies are real, fresh, and delicious! We get take out a lot and have always had positive experiences with the staff.I was really excited for this place, and it wasn't bad, but was pretty disappointing. My boyfriend and I split 2 personal sized pizzas. The Margherita Napolentana was flavorless. The  Pesto Melanzane was better, but definitely not anything stellar. He additionally had the Juliano (which I did not try since I'm a vegetarian) which he said was on par with the Margherita Napolentana. 
For the 3 sub-par personal pizzas, our bill was almost $40. 
I don't mind when places are cash only, but mostly, this place is just waaay to expensive for what you're getting. I will say, that unlike other reviews, our service was fine. BYO is a plus.pizza night for Team Chowdown!  after frantic calls etc, we decided Mama's 15 min wait was less than Stella's 35 minutes & would fit everybody.
Mission accomplished.  
I only wish for more dessert choices.This place has the best, I mean the best fettuccine Alfredo!
And the Pizzas are amazing!
Very friendly staff, and the owner is wonderful!
I will visit every time we come to Philadelphia!
Love it!For $36 I got a medium Margherita Napolentana and a Ceasar Salad.  The pizza was the size of a small pizza at most other pizza places, and it was completely flavorless.  Like biting into cardboard.  Not even the cheese tasted like anything.  The salad was good but completely standard.  I could have gotten a more satisfying meal at Sbarro for $5 - the prices and quality here are terrible.Back to 4 star.  I still love the place, but I've had a number of average pizzas lately.Three words, guys: warm polenta bread. Comforting goodness the size of a small pizza. It's the only stand out reason to come here. But it's soooo good.
The pizza is hit or miss. A couple favorites include the clams with garlic sauce & the caramelized onion with prosciutto. Service is variable but servers are generally very nice. Mama Palma's is cash only and BYO - but only for wine. They sell (overpriced) beer there.The reviews about the owner being crazy have to be fabricated by other pizza shop owners ,he always treats me and my family very good !Mama Palma's has restored my faith in humanity. Not only was the pizza delicious ( I got the four mushroom, perfectly cooked, perfectly spiced, perfectly mushroomy) but the service was fantastic. After a long, terrible day, I was greeted with the warmest welcome by the woman working the counter. She was friendly helpful and even gave me a water to take with me on my errand running ( I got the pie to go). These little touches are really what make or break a dining experience for me and Mama Palma knocked it out of the park!Mama Palmas is a great gathering place for a group of girlfriends when you want to binge on wine and pizza.  Or when you and your date decide to drink a magnum bottle of red...
Speciality pizza is the thing to get here and they have everything from gluten-free to vegetarian to seafood toppings.  I can easily eat a small pizza myself, so it's wise to share a few small sizes if you want to try some variety.  I've had their salads as well and they are very shareable.  
While it's not the most affordable pizza in the world, you have to consider the neighborhood - you're in Fitler Square, so nothing will be cheap and most everything will be cash only.  Come prepared and hungry and you'll enjoy yourself!i first tried mama palma's in 2007. as a student, it was great to save a lot on drinks since it was a BYO and the pizza toppings were interesting and fresh. the service was a bit brusque and it was cash-only, though there's an ATM in the back.
the last time i was there was about a month ago. the pizza was still great but the real standout was the polenta bread appetizer. also, our server was much nicer and more attentive than the one we had before.10 years ago this place was great. Now with so much gourmet pizza around, it's just not that special anymore. Pizza's are not as good as newcomer places like Nomad, Dock St, Vetri, etc, and the prices are as high or higher. The beer policy is annoying to; and not a great selection for Philly (mostly mainstream corporate stuff) to boot.  And honestly, the worst part, they have a bit of an attitude problem. Staff has seemed annoyed - maybe they don't like management, its hard to tell.
In the end though, pizzas are good, just, not as good as elsewhere for the same price. Cute neighborhood location though. 
And watch out for the influx of Penn/Wharton kids at night!!!!