I love this place! It is just a marvelous as the ones in NYC.... been eating Mamoun's since the 80's and was so pleased to find them in Philly..... This is a must try! Try the picked turnips, will change your life! The staff is so friendly just a WINNER .... great service, fantastic quality food ..... this is my new must go to in PhillyHad the chicken kabob plate. It was very good and the portions were decent. I ate in Mamoun's and it was busy. I am glad they were. I enjoy Middle Eastern food and want all the restaurants that serve this type of food to do well. Mamoun's seems to have an efficient operation and having many customers means the food will be fresh.I was sooo excited to see a Mamouns coming to Philadelphia.   My excitement was quickly shattered when I opted to grab my favorite falafel on a Saturday night after some libations only to  find you closed at 10pm!  that is NOT the Mamoun's way..  as a New Yorker, is the best late night snack spot till the wee hours.. I now refer to you as "the Fake Mamouns" go to NYC if you want the real thing!So yummy! We got a falafel and the shwarma sandwich with a side of hummus and pita (worth it!) and we tried all three desserts offered! We will definitely be back!This review is based on two recent visits. I have mixed feelings about Mamoun's as I tended to only like half my meal each time. Maybe some growing pains at this new location. 
1st visit: Ordered the chicken kabob platter and the chicken was grilled perfectly, I loved it. Some of the best chicken I've had in years. As part of the kebab platter, I selected the rice which I didn't enjoy as it was completely covered in the house tahineh sauce. I could barely see the rice. Even had to scrape much of the sauce off the chicken as well. 
2nd visit: This time I tried the shawarma platter. Ordered the salad instead of rice and asked for the Tahineh sauce on the side. I really enjoyed the salad but this time I thought the shawarma was disappointing, not as good as some of the cities other shawarma options. The clear winner on this visit was the lentil soup, loved it. 
I would wait a month or two to allow the restaurant to get some more experience before I try again. I see the potential but the consistency is just not there. 
BKThe famous Greenwich Village Falafel shop has come to Old City Philly.  Mamoun's has moved in to the busy corner of 3rd and Market Streets where it is offering its falafels and shawarmas to eat in or take out.  A recent falafel was decent enough but probably won't be the best you have ever eaten.  That's how it is at Mamoun's.  They serve good falafels and shawarmas very quickly (think almost fast food) and at low prices but they are not exceptional in my opinion.  And their famous hot sauce is def 'hot' enough ... I just don't like the flavor that much.  But I am still glad that Mamoun's is now in Philly because it gives me another viable quick meal option - especially in Old City!I have been waiting months for this place to open up. Here it is- finally Mamouns location in the city of brotherly love. 
I ordered the combo plate with all of the meats, falafel sandwich, hummus and French fries. Everything was wonderful just like the original location on Mcdougall Street expect one thing ! THE PITA BREAD WAS NOT THE SAME AS OTHER LOCATIONS IN NYC & NJ. IT WAS TOO THICK AND GRAINY ! Please switch back to the thin pita bread that you use at the NYC & NJ locations. It makes a huge difference in taste and quality. 
Thank you !!!' I will check it out again.When in line I was talking to one guy finishing his meal and he said was his 5th time eating here in less than two weeks! And it did not disappoint. One of the best Middle Eastern foods I ever had. You can taste the freshness. Real explosion of flavor. Even the drinks are awesome. Can't wait to go backDon't be afraid to ask the staff questions about the menu or what they'd recommend! I tried the Macdougal with shawarma, falafel, tomatoes, lettuce, onions, and tahineh sauce. I was pleasantly surprised by the tenderness and how flavorful the meat was! The falafel is also very different from other places--not like round balls but kind of like flatter discs. Can't wait to try more of their menu next time.Wow! Great value! Great food! Welcoming people working there. Been here a few times and each time I'm greeted like an old friend. The food is served quickly and it's excellent. If anything isn't perfect, manager goes above and beyond to make it right. Eat in, take out... both are awesome!I liked their meat shawarma and baklava. There was tahini in shawarma which I am not very used to. Baklava was tasty.After a trip to NYC a few years ago and dreaming about it for years in Salt Lake City, I was surprised to find Mamoun's on our recent trip to Philadelphia. With only 24 hours in the city I didn't hesitate for a second when deciding on eating at this branch of Mamoun's. Their falafel's are so crispy on the outside and moist on the inside. They're willing to throw in some pickles and olives at no extra charge. They're super delicious with the famous hot sauce. Caution: it is SPICY! You're able to purchase it to take home and I totally did. I'm already regretting that I didn't get more than one bottle. I HIGHLY suggest that you go here and everyone get falafels!The worst chicken kabab ever, extra dry and tasteless chicken, big chunks of lettuce, big rings of white onions, decent tomatoes and water, oh no it was watering tahini. 
Seriously, the worst ever. 
I'm back to the Gyro Halal trucks, tastier, more economical and delicious.Legit Falafel for a fast food place in old city. A little pricey, but quality of food is there 100%.So... I'm walking on 3rd street and catch that unmistakable smell of falafel- and I think that it must be coming from a food cart. I go to the pharmacy and as I cross the street, I literally lit up like a child when I saw the Mamoun's sign on Market Street? In Philly? Say it isn't so! My absolute favorite 2am (grab a bite enroute to the Holland Tunnel) spot in The Village opened a location in Philly?? As soon as I walked in I asked the lady at the register if it was in fact the same folks, she emphatically responded YES! And I happily ordered my usual falafel sandwich with their special hot sauce on the side. They just opened last week but apparently the word is out, because they were packed. It only took a few moments for my order to be filled. The falafel tasted exactly like always, and while the pita texture seemed slightly different, and the hot sauce was red not green- it still had that same ferocious bite forcing you to spread it on gingerly. I was in heaven.  I kinda don't wanna tell people that it was only $5. But how could I not share? Definitely plan on becoming a "regular".Finally, a tasty falafel place in Philly! I grew up eating Mamouns in New Haven, and was so excited to see they were opening up a restaurant here. I've felt so deprived. I don't understand some if the the reviews here- maybe it's the competition trying to keep people away?
My advice- try the falafel sandwich! You will not be disappointed, and you can't beat the price!
Pro tip - they are even better with some added hummus or baba ghanouj. Hot sauce is actually really hot (this ain't Frank's Red Hot). Make sure you grab a few napkins, it can get messy.Vegetarians beware!  I ordered the falafel sandwich and it was falling apart (as they often do) because of the fresh pita and sauce so I ended up eating it with a fork.  I found two pieces of lamb in the sandwich.  Not sure how they make their food in the back but this was pretty alarming since I don't eat meat!The food is good here but holy moley it's expensive. $14 for a plate with rice, hummus, falafel, and chicken? That's sort of nuts for a grab-n-go lunch spot that competes with places like Naf Naf, albeit on the other side of the city. 4 stars for flavor, 2 stars for price.It's very famous spot in old city Philadelphia. They have really good location. I ordered chicken kebob plate and enjoyed it so much. The place is very clean and they have fast service also. Only one bad thing is their small portions. If you are looking for some small healthful snacks, try this spot.I'm really disappointed in this location. I remember the food at the NYC and New Brunswick locations being way more flavorful - and cheaper. The falafel are often mushy and the hummus (my ex-favorite) now seems so bland. Also, most of the sandwiches I've tried here are bursting at the seams with iceberg lettuce. Where's the beef? This ain't Subway. There are multiple better places in town. 
Seating is also scarce.I really like this falafel place and not just because it's right around the corner from my apartment. I've been here twice and both times the server (or cashier since it's more fast food than restaurant) was very friendly and helpful. The second time it was so loud I couldn't hear myself think about hearing myself think but the cashier understood and somehow heard us and got our order right. The hot sauce is really really hot and I love spicy food. The falafel here is superb! The food is really good overall and the prices are pretty fair for being in the middle of the city. I will be going back here again.Falafel could be a little bigger but overall good. The side of grape leaves was fresh and delicious, served with pickles, pickled beets, and olives.We were at an event nearby that had some food, but not really enough to fill us up for dinner. Looking on our phones for places nearby to eat, we noticed Mamoun's! Having eaten at Mamoun's in other places, we decided to check out this location, and it was a good call!
Food is prepared quickly, tastes good, and isn't too expensive. We enjoyed our dinner there, and the staff are friendly and helpful too. I had accidentally put too much hot sauce on my pita, so the guy behind the counter gave me a big cup for water instead of the small ones you usually get.
I'd come back for a quick meal!The staff is great. The hummus, baba, and pita are tops. The outer color of the falafel is always so dark that either their fryer is set too high or the fryer grease is dirty.  The hot sauce is just hot.... Too hot with no depth. I'm assuming they use capsacian drops. Eeeesh. The place is clean. 
No mas.What can you say about Mamoun's? It's the best Middle Eastern food on the eastern seaboard. The attention to detail with seasoning is impeccable. Everything is just outstanding. Philly is so lucky to have it.Very fresh pita and tasty fillings. Loved the house made falafel--crispy on the outside, meanwhile fresh and warm on the inside. The babaganoush had a delectable smokey flavor. I recommend the mcdougal. The lemonade and mint drink was refreshing; they also have mango and tamarind drinks. The place was clean and air-conditioned. I'd eat here again and suggest ditching the mediocre tourist places and instead eat here for a very reasonable price.Nice place and pleasant staff, but the food left something to be desired. I had the schwarma plate with salad. The price felt a bit high when I ordered, but I figured it might be a large portion or exceptionally good.  Unfortunately it was not - it was quite average, no great flavors or textures, and a relatively small portion for the price. Friendly and fast place, maybe something else on the menu is better.Just as savory and convenient as the nyc version. Buy a bottle of the hot sauce if you like heat - very hot!Delicious Falafel, tasty Tabouleh, hummus was good and the hot sauce had quite the kick! I came here for the first time today and ordered the Combo Plate, and added on Feta and Tabouleh. Everything was great! I will definitely be back. (Maybe tomorrow)When I was walking near the penn's landing,  I noticed a new restaurant. When I ordered the food, I thought that would be an average food because it was damn cheap. However, when I had the food it was simply amazing . I have tried different food from many places in philly over the last 25 years. This restaurant is one of the best place that I have ever  visited.....
We need these kind's of food in philly....
Thank you guys....Yummm!! Was waiting for the expansion to Philly, and so happy to have it in the neighborhood! The red hot sauce is no joke, so beware. The sandwiches and platters are delicious!I went to Mamoun's for the first time this week. It's unbelievably delicious, such fresh ingredients, friendly staff! I highly recommend it! The East Village and grape leaves are amazing! I can't wait to get back!Falafel!  I love falafel. I would love it in a house. I would love it with a mouse. I would love here and there. I would love it anywhere...  but that just means my internal competition when it comes to falafel places is fierce. I have had falafel in many places, including internationally, specifically in several places in Israel, Lebanon, Jordan, and Egypt, and have enjoyed it every time I have put it into my mouth. But let me just say that stumbling upon Mamoun's today as I was working in Old City, could possibly be one of the happiest accidents that has ever happened in my life. 
Once I stepped through the door it was apparent that this place has chops. The scent of tahini and spices overwhelmed me and drew me closer and closer to the ordering counter with every step. Despite the brief wait in line (which is awesome since it shows they must be doing well so far), my order came out very quickly, exactly how I asked for it, and was a perfect balance with the falafel being piping hot, and the veggies and sauce nice and cool. 
They also have many things to add to your standard falafel for a small fee but also have a few that come free-of-charge. I ordered mine with hummus and olives. When I opened the shiny foil wrapper I could see that the pita was stuffed to bursting with all the good stuff!  Everything, just like the temperature, was in perfect balance. Not too much or too little of any one thing, and all covered in a perfect amount of perfect consistency tahini. The flavors intermingled perfectly and everything was extremely fresh and well prepared. The people working here really put their heart into each an every little falafel ball and are extremely helpful and upbeat, getting just as excited as I was about trying their food. 
If you are a fan of falafel or other middle-eastern street food, you cannot go wrong here. After having falafel all over the world I can easily say that for their extremely reasonable price, this is the best falafel sandwich I have had dollar for dollar.  Don't pass this place by!  Walk, run, cycle, ride a horse, drive, skateboard, or get here however you can, you'll be kicking yourself if you don't!I've been here a few times so far and have had mixed experiences. The platters are decent and what I would expect for a place like this. I tried one of the sandwiches and it was oddly stacked. I know, it sounds like a silly thing to gripe about but it was hard to enjoy because the pita was packed on the bottom with the lettuce, etc...which was all unseasoned (aside from the olives, which are flavorful) and then the meat on top, which was good. So I enjoyed the top of the sandwich, but then I'm left with a little bit more than half a pita full of unseasoned and slightly oily lettuce. My suggestion would be to layer the meat and the lettuce so the whole sandwich is good.
Service wise, I've had mostly decent experiences. Pretty much what I would expect from a place in a touristy hub like Old city. Sometimes pleasant counter people, sometimes tired and aloof, but I usually give a pass for that because I've worked in places like that before and know how it is.I reviewed this place already, but Mamoun flagged it because I suggested those interested in good fast casual mediterranean go to a specific competitor of theirs. Here is an edited version of that review: This place is pretty bad. I got a falafel platter with salad and rice - it was $9+ with tax. The layout of this joint is completely passé. A fast-casual restaurant of this sort should be assembly-line, build-your-bowl-as-you-go style. Instead, Mamoun has you blindly order a platter or sandwich and not know what will be in it. The "salad" that came with my platter was bad. It's some wet lettuce, raw onion, 3 random olives (why?), 2 small slices of an unidentifiable pickled vegetable, and some tomato chunks. It was worse than salad you'd get at a standard street corner halal cart. The rice and pita were both very average. The falafel itself was actually pretty good but frankly it couldn't save this miserable excuse for a platter. There are better fast casual spots in the city. Frankly, this place was worse than your average halal cart that you might find in any city.Disappointed. NY location so much better. Falafel sandwich was subpar. Chicken and rice cant even compete with you local halal venders. Taste seems to be catered to the 'tourist' crowd.I am going to rate this place by everything I tried there & the service. 
Falafel in a pita: Unfortunately, one of the worst Falafel sandwiches I've had. The pita is extremely thin and therefore hard. It was really hard to locate the falafel balls in the pit - I think there were 3. The pita was PACKED with big pieces of lettuce covered with mediocre tahini sauce.
Shawarma in a pita: The Shawarma sandwich was constructed about the same as the falafel sandwich but there was more meat and the flavor was good (7/10)
Baba ganoush plate: The eggplant dip was actually really good. Roasted eggplants with noticeable roasted flavor, seasoning was good and the portion was good as well (also came with 2 warm pitas) - Will definitely come back for that.
Baklava: No (By the way, they serve Knafeh without cheese (???) It's literally like serving a cheesesteak without the STEAK) 
Service: I wish the food in this place was similar to the level of service. Everybody - including all employees and the manager were very nice, kind and helpful.
Things I would change
1) Pita! - use a better pita! (Like they use in Mama's or Humusology)
2) Falafel - The falafel was ok but definitely not to go back for - make it better.
3) Sandwiches - Everything you order comes standard (!!!) In all Falafel/Shawarma places you get to chose what to put in your pita to your liking. Here, it comes with a lot of veggies and a LOT of tahini sauce.
I've had a lot of hopes from this place before it opened (even though I did see the reviews from the other locations) - There is a lot of room in Philly for good falafel/Shawarma, I wish it was this place.Went there for lunch. Really good chicken kebab plate and the fries were very good too. Will have to go back and try the other things on their menu. Overall, solid spot for lunch!First off,  it's a fast food falafal joint,  not a restaurant.   And after we tried to order food that wasn't dumped on top of salad,  and they refused to do it,  we told 'em to pound sand and took our business elsewhere.I came in here today for lunch and paid $5.39 with tax for the biggest, most delicious falafel sandwich I have ever had. That's it, that's the entire fuckin' review.Come here several times a week. Good falafel, good shwarma, reasonable prices. 
Quick, casual, and delicious. 
And the man who works most days is super nice!Always love Mamoun's whether I order for delivery or go into the storefront. The food is fresh, healthy and delicious and service is always good.Shawarma was super salty very bad. And customer service is horrible. Don't go there. Very bad horribleI have been craving good falafel and hummus for months now! Now, nothing compares in my mind to a hot falafel sandwich on the streets of Israel, but on the streets of Philly, Mamoun's did the trick. The restaurant was clean, the staff was friendly, and the food was hot and delicious.
I went pretty basic with the classic falafel sandwich, fries and mango juice.
All in all, if you want a quick, fresh and yummy lunch, Mamoun's is your spot!Legit falafel- speedy delivery on caviar. It taste like the one in New York so it was a pleasant experience. No change in recipe. The fries are awesome. 
I wish they can lower the delivery price on Caviar it's five dollars just for delivery.Great customer service and food is delicious!  I ordered the falafel sandwich with baba and topped it off with some hot sauce and a side of mint lemonade!
Lunch or dinner, it's a perfect meal.
Definitely will be back!Food was fine, main issue is service. Ordered fries under the "complete your meal" option on 2 sandwiches. Got the bag and saw no fries. Went in and asked about the fries and were assured the fries were in the sandwiches. Drove home to realize there were no fries.Disappointing.  Does not taste anywhere near as good as the NY / NJ locations.  Not sure how they can screw it up and make it so different.  Tahini sauce is super watered down and really doesn't taste like much at all.  The lettuce to shawarma ratio is not the same either, way too much lettuce and not enough shawarma.  Hoping this new Philly location is just working through a learning curve and it gets better.Guys, I have been waiting for Mamoun's to open here in Old City for as long as the sign's been up. And now - it's HERE. With the Bourse opening just up the street, and unveiling so many new lunch options - it's going to be steep competition here at 3rd and Market.
But Mamoun's has delivered.
My first visit to the Philly flagship was on one of the first nights in business and I tried the Combo Plate with Kafta Kabob. The combo plate is a generous portion of salad (or rice!), with three falafels, piled high with babaganoush and hummus, each with a satisfying pour of oil and sprinkling of paprika. For being on a plastic plate, they sure know how to class it up. 
The verdict: it's good. Flavors all blended well together, which I feel is what you really want out of a Middle Eastern platter such as this. Ingredients were fresh, love that the olives were pitted (THANK YOU, I KNOW IT'S NOT AUTHENTIC BUT I DON'T CARE), and that there were little pickle spears.
Loved the hot, fresh pita too.
Will be excited to come back to try the desserts and sample some of the other meats (chicken and shwarma only - they're keeping it simple!)
See you again soon, Mamoun's!I had this before in New York City, but this one is even better.... Loved it. Amazing food with very authentic touch of middle eastern spices. Staff was very friendly and super nice. 
I would highly recommend this restaurant to all of the Philadelphia as well as tourist crowd.A great healthy lunch option in Old City! I have been back a few times, and the staff is super friendly.  Every time, I get the falafel veggie platter, which comes with falafel, hummus, another veggie said (I get tabbouleh), salad, olives, and pita for around $8.  Such a steal!  Everything is fresh and tasty, and I leave without feeling gross (and usually with a snack for later).  
As other reviews have noted, heed the hot sauce warnings!This place is so darn good it deserved another review!
Hits the spot every time and surely doesn't dissapoint , quick, easy and delicious! Check it out !!! ----I have been to the two Mamoun's in Manhattan, and the food is good but I never tried the grape leaves. I loved the grape leaves with the little radishes and olives that came with it. The place was clean and they were taking orders via the app and they would give you your order from outside. Good job with keeping the quality of food great and also keeping us safe!Omg finally in Philly!  So Good!  I had the falafel and the Macdougal sandwich.  So tasty!  I also tried the mint lemonade, mango drink and fries which were awesome!  Can't wait to go again!!!!This place has become my go-to lunch spot when I'm working in the city! The falafel sandwich is packed with mouthwatering flavor and spices! And the staff are always so friendly and welcoming. I would highly recommend!I ordered here for the first time through delivery a while back and now I would consider myself a loyal customer. The first time I tried was when I was sick and I was DIMFOUNDED. Every bit was fresh and flavorful. 
I ordered the falafel plate and added on tabouli, hummus, grape leaves (the time before that the grape leaves, which were extremely fresh, I forgot to add them to my last order; they were very fresh, perfect acidity, the filling was fresh and not sour or spoiled) and foul modamass. The plate was filled with 5 or so falafel balls, you have the choice of lettuce or rice, I have tried both before, the rice is seasoned well but it was a lot of food. I've tried the falafel plate with lettuce which is what I prefer because it was a perfect, just the right amount, the lettuce was fresh and crispy, perfectly ripe tomatoes, onions all mixed with herbs and spices, it didn't even need any sauce but the tahini was good and the harissa nice and spicy 
The pita bread it came with was fluffy and rustic, it tasted as thought it was baked in wood oven or something.
The falafel platter also comes with crispy pickles, pickles radish and kalamata olives 
I also got a side of lentil soup and it came with pita chips, it was so full of spice and flavor, warming, the pita chips were homemade and seasoned well, a perfect accompaniment with the soup. 
The service is also great, I called to make sure my order was correct and the staff was very helpful, patient and kind.
Thank you Mamoun's!!Falafel sandwich with the grape leaves as a side was not only delicious and plentiful, but very affordable. This was my first time trying falafel and I was pleasantly surprised how good it was. I will be back with the same order next time I'm on Market St!We were looking for a place to eat because Hubby got hungry and decided to try the food here. It has some tables for outside seating which were occupied as folks say to watch the July 4th parade. 
He ordered the lamb shawarma sandwich and I tried the falafel sandwich.  He thought the lamb was OK. I've had way better falafel sandwiches. There is a generous stuffing of lettuce and tomatoes in the pita with a few falafels stuffed into the bottom. Overall, it was plain bland. I didn't taste any tahini or hummus. Any liquid or sauce it it felt like it was just from wet lettuce. 
The staff at the register were OK. There is a bathroom near the register and plenty of seating as it was pretty empty.I go here every week for lunch. My go to is the sampler: large portion of hummus, falafel and baba ganoush over salad and it's enough to feed 2 people. Food is always fresh tasting. Service is great and food comes out promptly. If you're in a rush order ahead for pick up.Helllllll yeahhh. I had the falafel platter today. It was delicious. Seasoned beautifully. Loved the pickled items that came with the platter. The hummus was smooth and perfect. The tabouli was so nice too. Pita was soft and fresh. The hot sauce was amazing - wish I'd bought a bottle!!! Must repeat this experience.I've been eating at Mamoun's in village in NYC for last 30 years and its my favorite falafel restaurant.  I was excited to find out that they've opened in Philly and was there today.
I got the falefel and shwarma which was good, however the taste wasn't quite the same as what I've had in NYC, which is a different league.  I am not sure if this a branch or a franchise, which can sometime make a difference.
Nevertheless, its still a good place and I will go againMamoun's is close to my office, so I pop in for lunch a couple times a month. Food is tasty, and prices are extremely reasonable. I usually get the combo platter with falafel, hummus, and substitute the baba ghanouj with grape leaves over rice. Portions are the perfect size, so I feel perfectly sated (never overly stuffed). The mango juice is one of my favorite things here!Ordered the hummus plate with feta, which was supposed to come with pita.  When delivered, did not include the feta (but I was charged for it) and there was no pita for the hummus.  Called the restaurant and they said they would deliver the items but they never came.I've been ordering from Mamoun's a couple times a month since they came to Old City.  Typically I order the Macdougal or Bleeker sandwiches, both equally fantastic. Their falafel is crunchy and the shawarma and chicken is perfectly done.Went there for the first time last week and the food was excellent along with a very nice staff. The hot sauce = fireI was in the area and decided to try something different and came here. I wish I didn't . For $15 I ate a shawarma platter and got a bottle of water. The platter was smaller than the $6 halal platters :/ should've just bought one of those on the street. Food tasted a little strange compared to other shawarmas I have eaten. Lamb was salty and the veggies weren't good. There is something about cultural chain restaurants that just doesn't work. It didn't taste authentic and because of that I won't be coming backWas excited to see this new Mediterranean spot open in Old City. Stopped in for lunch and decided to give the chicken kebab a try. Got mine with rice and salad. The chicken was cooked perfectly and the rice was well seasoned. Salad was, eh, okay. Wasn't my favorite but wasn't bad. Came with some olives and pita bread which was pretty solid. The hot sauce was the best part, but very, very spicy. Be careful! Will definitely be going back. Only con is that I couldn't find the nutritional values anywhere. I'm assuming I easily ate 1200 calories in one sitting...There are quite a few falafal stands around the city, but if you're looking for the security of a hygienic falafel place Mamoun's the place.  
Coworker and I decided to stop by during lunch.  Busy but not overly crowded, we were able to find nab the last seat.  It's over the counter ordering and they'll call you up when your order is ready.  They have pick your own ingredients or pre-made options, I ordered the Sullivan while my coworker made his own, mine came out much cheaper than his franken-falafel.  
It was a really good lunch and glad it's close to my work. Will definitely come again when craving a falafel.Very reasonably priced considering the quality & quantity of food.I 1st tried this last year in Princeton N.J. Falafel sandwich w/ babaganoush was excellent, but the pita fell apart. We met the grandson of the original owner, who told us they will be opening soon in Philly! Yes! Been in Greenwich village nyc since 1971, so you know they must be doing something right.
For my money this is the best falafel in Philly now. Mama's has disappointed me the last two visits, done with that place. Goldie's is good, but the falafel balls are too soft & pricey. Enter Mamoun's. Perfect every time! Happy to say the pita(which is great and always fresh)does not fall apart. Falafel balls are perfectly seasoned. I usually get the classic sandwich(w hummus) and a side of babaganoush. Both are excellent! Got a platter once, but the salad was so-so. The hot sauce is great also, high on the burn index..so go easy!
Place is much smaller than the one in Princeton. Fewer seats, and communal table. I always get it to go, and never waited more than 10 minutes for my order. They might wanna extend their hours being in a very busy part of old city.Update-8/20/20-
I ordered the Tabouleh plate (pictures below), it came with rice & lettuce with falafel and hummus., pickles, radish and olives. The rice and falafel were seasoned to perfection with flavorful spices and the veggies, pickles and olives were extremely fresh & perfectly chilled, the rice and falafel were very warm, everything at its perfect temperature. The garlic sauce punched me in the face, in a good way, it was so flavorful it tasted like they used fresh garlic and roasted it forming it into a creamy sauce. 
Mamoun's does not disappoint, I wish they had one closer to me. The only downside is that they forgot to include pita bread on the side of my order.I had the MacDougal Sandwich and the Seasoned Fries and both were great! The falafel is amazing and the sandwich is extremely filling. The fries were crispy but not really seasoned. Definitely worth the money!Incredibly well seasoned flavors, reminded me of a restaurant that I practically lived in California. Staff is incredibly friendly and helpful and there is an incredible variety. I wish they delivered down to my way in South Philadelphia whenever I got the Incredibly well seasoned flavors, reminded me of a restaurant that I practically lived in California. Staff is incredibly friendly and helpful and there is an incredible variety. I wish they delivered to My part of South Philadelphia because I could eat there every day and not get sick of itFood was subpar. Ice berg lettuce , Falafel was bland and dry, and the hot sauce was extremely extremely hot to the extent that I could hardly taste any of the food after trying it. Def wouldn't go back. Nice workers tho.Eh, I recommend getting the combo over rice instead of salad. The falafel combo was pretty simple. The falafels were good, but everything else was pretty basic. Nothing exciting. I do believe the tamarind juice is worth mentioning and that's what I most enjoyed here. The juice lol.I work in Old City, have eaten at almost every establishment. This by far is the worst of the worst. Definitely not AUTHENTIC...I don't know where  some of you may have eaten who has cooked for you, but this is definitely not good food. I feel sorry for the people who actually came back.I'm not rabbit to eat lettuce!
I was there and I order to go to try this restaurant when I got home and start eating sandwiches mostly lettuce not falafel and shawarma.I came to Mamoun's because I went to another place up the street and they don't take credit cards. I am so glad that they forced me to find somewhere else because Mamoun's is friggn awesome!  I got a falafel plate which has a good amount of food on it and comes with pita. It was so good. I mean really good. The falafels were cooked to a very nice crisp which I got with the rice, and the pickled turnip and actual pickles were perfect with it. The person who took my order was nice and friendly and I felt welcome and knew that I definitely would come back. Also, the bathroom was really clean. It was a good experience. I wish I had taken pics.This is a great spot for falafels.  I usually order the same thing every time I come here.  The lamb falafel sandwich and a mango juice drink.  The sandwich is quite the site when you see it.  It is a large pouch of pita bread that is packed with lettuce and lamb meat.  It is quite large and so I find this to be a good value.  The mango juice itself is also very good and tastes natural.  
Service is quick and there is also a large individual bathroom for use.  Great spot for a quick, cheap, and satisfying meal.I was very excited to try this place but was disappointed with their chicken kebob sandwich which later gave me a severe stomachache. The only good thing about my experience was the mint lemonade.This is a fast-casual spot that serves up good falafel sandwiches, shwarma or kebab near the Independence Mall/Old City area. It's a good place to stop by if you work in the area or are walking through shopping or browsing the historic sites. I like the East Village falafel sandwich and the mint lemonade. Eat in, take out or get it delivered using Yelp.