Gave this place a shot 2 nights in a row. First night I had the wings-- garlic parmigiana. I must say they are the best  wings I have had in Manayunk. Very meaty and well cooked. Second night it was the Yunker  chicken sandwich. Grilled chicken  with fried onions, long hots, roasted peppers and provolone on a long seeded roll. Next week maybe I try the pizza. Staff was very friendly both times.Frozen food at best on pasta Pizza was not good at all. Almost felt like frozen pizza as well or at least the frozen crust.Love this local pizza place. The pizza is so good and their other items are just as good. Delivery comes hot and is quick. Folks there are just so cool and kind. Definitely the go-to for pizza in the neighborhood.This is our new go to pizza delivery spot. All of the pizzas and other menu items we've tried have been great and the delivery is always so fast!Caesar salad is basic but not at all in a bad way. Good ingredients and what not. The dressing containers are massive, it's wild. Pizza is killer, the small is hefty enough that I'll have lunch til Tuesday, pleasantly surprised. Delivery dude pronounced my name so correctly that I was disoriented but 100/10 guy loved that.
Assuming after that sick interaction that the owners are Greek. Just moved here, so all in all I found my Sunday spot for this is the food of my people. Well, I mean kinda. Not really. Whatever, recommendation level: highly.This was my final attempt to like Manayunk Pizza. The pizza was absolutely disastrous. The "large" pizza is a medium size anywhere else, and it's $15 for a plain with no toppings.  I couldn't even finish my helping. The low grade cheese was globbed on so thick it slid right off. The dough seems to be pre cooked frozen dough, if you know what that looks/tastes like then it's easy to identify. Sauce was flavorless. Cheese wiz on my cheese fries was way too thick. So disappointed. I tried quite a few times to like this place, but this was my last. If your name is Manayunk Pizza... Get your pizza game up. It's kind of a disgrace to the Manayunk name.$13+ for a 8 inch pizza, with bland sauuce. Not worth  it. Pizza had no  flavor, crust was non distinct...Overall a blah experience.Delicious. I had the chicken Italian, my husband had the Burnside cheesesteaks, and we shared the buffalo wings, it was all so, so good. The chicken Italian had good flavor  and came on a roasted seeded roll, the Burnside was spicy with the long hots, but the wings... oh man, the buffalo wings were delicious. They're not your usual fried baby wing with some hot sauce, they're big andmeaty wings with a flavorful buffalo sauce that had me wishing I wasn't so full so I could eat more. I will definitely be ordered my again.The driver did not follow delivery instructions. After speaking to him on the phone and responding to his text messages to meet him, he told me he was going back to the store, so I told him to cancel my order. Miraculously, he was able to find my door and left my food outside in the cold. By the time I got it inside, the pizza was cold. In addition, he brought me the wrong soda. I called to talk to the manager about it, as this was 100% not the experience I expected (or the experience I've had in the past), and I was treated to the rudest conversation I've ever had, and told not to order from them again.Delivery was fast but the pizza was pretty bad. It looks and tastes like a cheap frozen pizza. I haven't had anything else so this is strictly a review of their pizza.The best pizza I have ever had. Very thin crust and well cooked.  Very delicious, highly recommendedI ordered the White Chicken Broccoli Pizza and it was delicious! The crust was the best part about the pizza - it was thin, crunchy and flavorful. My only complaint was that the pizza was dry so I wish there was some type of sauce on it but I still enjoyed it. 
I'll definitely be ordering from Manayunk Pizza again.Food is great but 2/7 of the staff was wearing masks. Very frustrating to see. Cashiers were only ones, none of the cooks.Location was convenient and was looking to try something new.  The crust didn't seem to be homemade.  Not sure what it was about it, the crunchy texture or the perfect (and I mean PERFECT) circular shape.  Will do in a pinch, but there are better options in the Roxborough area.The wings are actually JUMBO Size and Deliciously cooked to perfection.  The Italian Hoagie is Authentic! Best Sharpe Provolone and Seeded  roll ever along with thinly shaved  red onions drizzled with High Quality extra virgin olive, and the meats are excellent...can't  wait to order again...Also! Real Deserts!!This. Pizza. Is. Amazing!
I ordered here a few times, and every time has been consistent. First, I ordered it for the kids, then I ordered it again since they seemed pretty pleased. Next thing you know I'm ordering a large pizza for all of us and it's barely enough . I don't know what the main ingredient is that they use to make it taste so good, but I'm pretty sure it's laced with dopamine. You've been warned.
Tip: Ordering is available through Grubhub and Caviar, but if you want to customize them they have their own ordering available on their website (it's faster too).LOVE LOVE LOVE. The only thing I can honestly say I've gotten from here that I was disappointed with are the wings. Tried a few times but just don't like how they're made...they don't fry them and thats just my preference. Across the board everything else is spot on. Prob order from here more than I should. Try the white pizza!! You won't be disappointed!After reading great things about this place I decided to give it a try. It was absolutely amazing!  The food arrived hot, well packaged and portions are huge. They use real bacon and cheez whiz. We had wings which were flavorful and meaty I just personally wish they were a little crispier. Also order their loaded fries which were the best I've had in a while along with the Rox steak and chicken parmigiana grinder. Everything was perfect. My friend even said their sauce was excellent which is a compliment coming from him. 
Will definitely order again. Prices were great and the food was fantastic.Ordered from here last night. Got a white pizza, antipasto salad, and 20 wings.  The food was delivered quickly and was still hot.  Everything was beyond amazing. Wings were a really good size and coated well in the sauce,  but not drowning. Pizza was crispy and fresh.  The salad was amazing. So fresh tasting and packed with a lot of meat and cheese and vegetables.  Was really really happy with this order. Usually never take the time to write reviews- especially to standard pizza places, but this is not your standard pizza place.My favorite local pizza spot. If you yearn for the glory days of Pizza Hut when they actually made amazing pizza this place is for you! Always super fast delivery and consistent pizza. For those not familiar with pan pizza, class is in session!We ordered pizza on their website and it was easy-peasy to do. The delivery was right on time and the food was still hot. My daughter had the pesto chicken sandwich, which she thought was delicious. My husband and I thought the veggie pizza was kind of bland and boring. We will probably order again from Manayunk Pizza but will stick to the non-pizza items next time.About 10 employees working and only 2 wearing masks. Customers waiting with no masks. This is unacceptable during these times.BEST PIZZA BY FAR! & they have cheesesteak egg rolls? YES. When I order delivery they arrive way before the time the estimate and everything is still hot when it gets here! Reasonably priced as well.I'm a big pizza fan, and hit this spot because it looked interesting. It does look interesting. 
The pizza, is what Pizza hut was in the 1990s. Before they became crap so bad Domino's seems artisinal in comparison.
 So if you have wistful yearnings for a thick buttery spongy crust, a mild Ragu sauce shmeared in circle covered in a minimal but complete covering of mildly mild cheese, this is it. Add some overcooked pepperoni that tastes like a circle of spices stamped by a hammer, and you have your time-warp pizza.
If however you want Philly style, or new York style or even Chicago style, this ain't it. Like New Haven or Napolitano? This is not that either. It's 1994 Pizza hut at its best. Out of an oven. 
So now you know it is what it is. Is it good? 
You decide if you want it, their sandwiches look good and unique so maybe that is the way to go.I'm my opinion it tasted like a thick cardboard pizza that came off of a conveyor belt. Every pic shows this which I didn't see before trying it. Possibly a pre frozen disk of dough. Sauce cheese and toppings weren't bad.Ordered manayunk burger , fries and buff chick salad it was excellent !Do not overlook this place! We stopped here because all the other pizza places in manayunk were closed at 9:00. I won't order from anywhere else again. Their thin crust pizza was so thin and crispy, and the cheesesteak was one of the best I have had in a long time!This is the worst type of review to write. For once I'm going to keep it short because the images will speak for themselves. Lately I've been giving a bonus star due to hardships during the 2020 pandemic that each and every restaurant owner is experiencing. 
What happened to your pizza making skills Manyunk Pizza? The amount of 4 and 5 star reviews are for an entirely different product. It was a letdown, inedible, cardboard and coagulated mess. 
Supporting local, left me hangry.Got take-out wings and salad last night: definitely the best wings I've had so far in the city! We've been trying as many different places as we can (I lived in Buffalo for 4 years, so my wings standards are VERY high), and we will definitely be returning! They were quick and reasonably priced; can't wait to try the pizza and the rest of the menu!Love the wings and the Juilliana salad they're my favorites & even though the pasta is a small selection it's greatWanted some comfort food as I had a rough week so I ordered a pick-up (we are in COVID-19 times). The food was ready before the scheduled time and good and hot! I ordered the grilled veggie hoagie and some cheese fries. The hoagie was delightful! It was very well seasoned and they did a good job at cooking the veggies, chopping them, and still maintaining yummy crispiness. I take time to mention this Bc as a vegetarian, people often just throw non meat things on a bun and tell you to love it. They actually cared how it tasted and I appreciated that. I'll definitely check them out again, perhaps for the pizza. Oh, pick up was easy, safe and clean!I just spent the day in the city with friends from out of town. Neighbors and friends have been constantly suggesting I try this place considering my love and passion for pizza. I was not disappointed, nor were my friends. Nick, the owner, was very pleasant, attentive, and down to earth. The pie was absolutely perfect! And mind you, I'm extremely picky when it comes to good pies. Sauce and cheese had a perfect balance. I hate crusty too doughy or too over cooked, but I was surprised as to how precise it was cooked at a timely manner as well. 10/10! Definitely recommend and will be back!Enjoyed their pizza and wings. Delivery took forever and the pizza wasn't piping hot but it was good. One of my children's favorite pizza spot. Their pies could be bigger though, a large looks like a medium to me.Update: I've ordered from here about four times - the first three times were great. I usually order then pick-up but I ordered through Uber eats since they don't deliver to my area. My food was tasteless and underwhelming but it was hot. I ordered the veggie grinder, onion rings and cheese bread. 
-The veggie grinder had very few veggies and none that are usually on the sandwich. Sad Bc this is what kept me coming back. 
-The onion rings were hot and crispy and tasteless. 
-The cheese bread had very little cheese. 
I'm not sure what happened today with this order but I'm not enthused to continue as a customer.Holy roast pork Stromboli! This place makes the BEST Stromboli ever! The roast pork Stromboli with long hots added is perfection! It comes with a dip on the side. It's a must try. We have also had the hot beef sandwich and tuna wrap. Both delicious!!!This is a quality neighborhood takeout option with really fast delivery.  I've mostly ordered sandwiches, Stromboli, and calzones here and they're always been good.  Anything with roast pork in it will rival if not beat some of the better known sandwich shops around South Philly and Center City.We needed to grab a bite while we waited for our dealership to be done with our purchase. We needed to be able to sit and eat and keep our (trade in) car clean. I called so many places and this was the only one we were offered some seating. (It's only 3 seats but, it was perfect! On the phone they were kind and considerate but in person I felt like they really rolled out the red carpet for us! They made sure we had everything we needed. Oh and the food! Talk about exactly what we ordered, piping hot, super fresh ingredients and outstanding flavor! The cheese on the pizza had a lovely flavorful crisp! Next time we go to the dealer we are definitely coming back. A passerby asked "how was the pie? I always pass this place but have never tried it" we couldn't say enough good things. My husband could eat a rock if it was smothered in bbq sauce but he has a thing about a good slice. He really enjoyed himself. I picked a real winner all the way around. Thanks Manayunk Pizza!  you made our day!This review is only based on trying their Yunker pizza. Maybe their original style pizzas are better and maybe their other food items are better because for some reason this place has 4.5 stars on yelp and I KNOW it's not for their Yunker pizza, which tasted like a frozen pizza you'd buy from the market. Not enough tomato sauce or veggie toppings and the sausage seemed a bit overcooked/dry. One positive thing about the pizza was that it didn't taste or look greasy!I'll need to stop back here and try the pizza.  As I was picking up my order looks like the pizza is baked in a large metal pan almost as if its Chicago deep dish cooking method.
Ended up grabbing a large buffalo chicken Stromboli which was about $20.  Pick up was prompt and orderly and the food was hot.  Not better than my usual join but good.  Very garlicky.  Good presentation on the outside crust.I am obsessed with place. I first found it on Grubhub because I saw the unique sandwiches they had and I was interested. The first thing I ordered was the chicken parm grinder and just... Wow. The sandwich was incredible, not to mention huge. It came on a delicious sesame roll and the ingredients inside were also flavorful.  Also, my bf got the cheesesteak and it was unexpectedly amazing as well. Great flavors and everything. We were both impressed. I've also ordered the buffalo chicken pizza from here and it was hands down the best one I've ever had. I'm already thinking about when I can get another. Manayunk Pizza has become one of my new favorites in the area and I cant wait to try more off the menu. Highly recommend when you don't feel like cooking!This is the only Yelp review I've ever made. This pizza is an abomination - and that's being kind. I will never fall for Yelp reviews again. The pizza has a small amount of basically flavorless sauce on it, an excessive amount low-grade cheese on top, and a crust that even Elio's could compete with. I didn't expect a Beddia or even a Brooklyn slice, but this was pathetic. Be warned.The Best "Tuna Salad Platter" .. and 
The  Best "Tuna Salad Hoagie" .. EVER! .. I have eaten both for  over 50 Yrs .. I'm  Addicted!! ..  their Tuna Salad actually taste like Tuna (very high quality) and is always so Fresh  the salad or hoagie is made as ordered .. to perfection... Absolutely Delicious!WTF IS THIS??? The wings were kinda slimy and SALTY. This is honestly the worst pizza I've had in Philly and it was almost $20 for a pie. Sorry =(Ok i've been to Manayunk Pizza Twice, 5 stars. If i could give a Michelin star I would(lol!).
Things I've tried:
-mild buffalo wings
-pepperoni and sausage Stromboli
-potato skins (my favorite)
-chicken strips
Sooooooooooo freaking good. I'm dying to try the chicken parm grinder!
Also amazing customer service--the guys in there are awesome.Manayunk Pizza is so awesome, I wish I could hang here every single day. I was totally surprised I never noticed it. Every single thing was so delicious and unique, I really loved my Chicken Cutlet Sandwiches. The workers were really pleasant. I can not wait to return to Manayunk Pizza.I've had only 3 things form the menu so far (pizza wings & a buffalo chicken wrap) and it's all been excellent.  And clean!  I highly recommend this place!They said it would take 20 minutes to deliver and it was about 40. That's no big it's about what you would wait anywhere else. However the crust was rubbery and they forgot my 2 liter with the order. Mediocre at best, don't recommend.We ordered Yunker Fries, an Italian hoagie, and a meatball parm hoagie and everything was great. We ordered ahead for take out & our order was on time and hot.I ordered a Stromboli and bread sticks. The Stromboli was overpriced and wasn't that good, the bread sticks were dry and overcooked. Today was my first time trying and will be my last time trying.My wife really enjoyed her italian cuts panini last night and the mozzarella sticks and curly fries were standard. Have to say the pizza was disappointing. The crust didn't rise and reminded me a bit of little caesars (not the cheesey bread which is low key the greatest food on earth).I'll need to stop back here and try the pizza.  As I was picking up my order looks like the pizza is baked in a large metal pan almost as if its Chicago deep dish cooking method.
Ended up grabbing a large buffalo chicken Stromboli which was about $20.  Pick up was prompt and orderly and the food was hot.  Not better than my usual join but good.  Very garlicky.  Good presentation on the outside crust.
Bumping my existing review SOLELY based on their sandwiches.  They are amazing.  Seeded rolls.  The chicken cutlets are filling and have great flavor.  They meat portion compliment the rolls really well.  Lightly toasted for the warmer ones.  Really good.Ordered for pickup around 7 on a Friday. Place was slammed when I arrived but the crew was super friendly and on point under pressure. 
First time here and I wish I'd come sooner. This is really great pan pizza. Good cheese, perfectly crispy pan crust and crispy pepperonis. Perfect sauce too. This is my favorite pizza in the neighborhood by far. Will be back very soon.I ordered chicken cordon bleu but received ham and cheese croquettes instead. I don't eat ham
"Large" pizza is a true medium at best. Dough was not flavorless and overbearing cheese falls off after one bite.First time I tried this local spot based of the reviews on their sandwiches. Had a fantastic chicken parm grinder on a long seeded roll and it was stuffed with chicken with just enough sauce and cheese. The bread was toasted and kept from getting soggy.  Look forward to trying their other sandwiches. I suggest ordering through their own website since it's cheaper.My favorite delivery around manayunk.  Everything I've gotten I would recommend and the portions areEverything was tasty! I ordered through Uber eats on a Friday night and it was delivered quickly. When it arrived the food was still hot, which is always a plus. We had the burnside steak, cheesesteak hoagie, and Buffalo wings. Looking forward to trying other menu items!Store bought dough. Why bother even opening up a pizza place? I'd rather save money and get a $5 digiorno pizza. Holy shit was that bad. Bottom 2 pizza and it ain't number 2.This is our new go-to spot for chicken sandwiches in Manayunk! We typically call in our order for pick-up as we are in walking distance to MP. The ~6 times we have ordered from here, the employees have been friendly and the food is prepared in a timely manner. We haven't tried anything besides their chicken cutlet sandwiches because they are just so good! The last time we visited, I had the Chicken Parm sandwich and the cheese-to-sauce ratio was pretty much perfect. Sometimes places are a little light-handed on the sauce, but not MP! My boyfriend gets the Yunker sandwich and absolutely loves it. The rolls are always fresh, and the sandwiches are filling. Definitely recommend!Decent pizza (had the veggie lovers which had onions, peppers, broccoli, spinach, mushrooms and tomatoes. It was pretty tasty! French fries came a little but uncrisp but that happens with take out. Only took 15 minutes for the order to be ready which was great! Would try again