One thing I let my group know when I was there was that I really like this place a lot.  The food is cheap and there is a very good selection of beers to choose from.  I was very satisfied and consider this my go-to spot in Manayunk.Love this place!! Bartender Joe is my favorite bartender ever. It has become a tradition for my friends and I to come here at least once a week. Food wise, I recommend the nachos and sweet potato fries if you're just here for a good time and getting drinks with friends. I have had their burgers before, and no complaints!I rarely make it to Manayunk these days and when I do, it's a pretty quick trip before I'm heading back to the city. This past weekend was no exception, I would be remiss if I didn't take a quick minute to write about Manayunk Tavern. 
It all started when my co-worker and walking partner for the Komen 3-Day decided that Saturday was the day that we were going to try out a longer walk in our training. We wanted to be sure that we could clock the extra miles and wouldn't hurt too badly so that we could kick our training into high-gear for the last 2 months before the event. We ultimately decided that a walk to Manayunk would fix that. As we got closer to Manayunk, my friend started having flashbacks to a crab grilled cheese that she had eaten a number of years ago and suddenly we were on a mission to hunt down the grilled cheese and the bar that was turning out such solid options. 
By mile 6.5 we were starving and as we reached the menu it was like the sound of angels singing from the heavens when we realized that we had found the spot with the crab grilled cheese. Immediately after receiving the menus, we started second guessing and looking at all of the other delicious options - ultimately she went with the grilled cheese and I opted for a smoked salmon BLT. Both of us went with the delicious and perfectly salted sweet potato fries with their insane cinnamon honey dipping sauce which rounded out our perfectly sweet/savory brunch choices. My salmon BLT was everything I was hoping for, stacked high with fresh tomatoes and bacon on toasted marble rye bread with a delicious aioli. I can't speak to the grilled cheese except that it looked amazing and she ate the whole thing - so there's that.
Our waitress was attentive without being overwhelming, refilled our waters so much to the point that she made the executive and wise decision to just leave us with our own pitcher (we were really thirsty), and the food was brought out quickly yet perfectly cooked with solid portions and for a really reasonable price. I'd definitely hit this again if I found myself in the area for a brunch.Great wings. Sunday night very good and enjoyable live music. Not the the perfect place to bring an iPad read. Great beer and drink selection.Consistently great food and service. Always a large variety of beers on tap and awesome cocktails. I recommend the Bloody Mary for brunch - it comes with the greatest pickle ever!  Also, the sweet potato fries are a must have. The other week, my fiancé and I came in for dinner and the waiter took a while (5-10 minutes) to come over to help us.  We barely even noticed the delay but without us saying a word about it, he brought us our first round of drinks on the house.  Love that it feels like a neighborhood place.Service was great! Food was simply OK. Definitely a good place to go for a drink.... Just eat somewhere else...I come here once a week. The staff is very friendly and I can always strike up a good conversation with one of them. Solid beer selection and good bar food. The pricing is very inexpensive and I love that their kitchen is open til midnight so I can always get something to eat after work. Check them out!!!Manayunk Tavern where everyone knows your name...Joe and Adrienne are the perfect hosts. Fantastic happy hour drink and food specials. Great
changing beer menu. Best Main Street bar hands down!A fine middle-of-the-road  place to go for a few drinks and some apps.  The bartenders ( who I swear looked like brothers) were chatty and seemed to take interest in their customers while pouring crafts brews and mixing flavored vodka drinks.  
I think the thing that surprised me was how tiny this place is.......no wonder it is always packed during peak hours.  Not the place to go on a Friday night if you are claustrophobic.....but not to shabby on a random Wednesday afternoon.
I recommend ordering the sweet potato fries for a little snack.....they are crispalicious and come with a lip smacking good sweet dipping sauce.Staff is very friendly and always offers a great suggestion when asked. Crab grilled cheese is AMAZING and will become something that you crave!Had an awesome experience today with my fiancé !!! We loved the food, awesome service by talia ( i believe that's how you spell it.) 
Had no issue getting outside seating, food and drinks were quick!
We will definitely be backGood bar food, usually good drink specials and good options if you are trying to eat healthy!  Great beer selection as well if that's your thing.  I've been a few times and will go back!I ordered take-out from here last night and was looking forward to some good sandwiches. I walked in, ordered and decided to wait for my food. The waitress who took my order was extremely nice, offered me a drink while I waited, and was just overall very conscientious. When I got there, there were a few open tables, but they were turning people away by the time my food was ready. Unfortunately, the food was not as great as the service. I got the Euro Burger sans cheese (it had balsamic onions and "exotic" mushrooms) as well as the pesto chicken sandwich. Although the flavors of both sandwiches were good, they were both very overcooked. The chicken and beef were both dry, which was disappointing. Additionally, the burger was TINY, especially compared to the size of the bun (see uploaded photo). The fries definitely left something to be desired as well. The side Caesar salad was tasty and a great portion. Will I go back here? Probably not, with all the pub-like places in Manayunk. But I'm glad I tried it and hope they can improve the way they cook the meat!So the saving grace of Manayunk Tavern is that they have sometimes have draft beers available like Not Your Father's Root Beer and a Victory HopDevil Nitro. Of course that only helps if you are drinking while you are there.
Unfortunately, I was there over lunch and had the spinach salad. For whatever reason, everything on the menu that intrigued me had crab meat. This just didn't seem like the place to order crab. I decided to go with the spinach salad with chicken, instead of crab. I wish I just ordered the basic spinach salad. The spinach, strawberries and onion were fresh, the goat cheese was creamy and the blush wine vinaigrette dressed all of the above nicely. The sliced almonds were just there, but the grilled chicken was as dry as shoe leather. 
Our server was nice but a little spacy. It seemed like he was handling the rest of the restaurant as well which didn't help.  We didn't need all too much attention, so I guess that worked out. 
Do yourself a favor and just walk across the street to Couch Tomato if you are looking for food. Although it's not a bad spot if you are looking for a few beverages and a good people watching spot.There are plenty of good places to eat around here. This is not one of them. Example? Garbage bins right next to "fresh food" shed. 
Shudder.sweet potato fries were delicious. the mussels in coconut curry sauce were so good, we had to ask our server for more bread to dip in the sauce... couldn't get enough of it.  we also had the ol' smokey burger and it was delish. great service and great bartenders.I would rate this as the best casual restaurant in Manayunk. The wait staff have always been friendly and knowledgeable, and the menu current. While it's certainly not the most high-brow of Manayunk's many eateries (see Jake's & Cooper's or Derek's), it does manage to put a refreshing spin on the traditional pub-grub.The good old Tavern. They have a great beer selection and super cool bartenders. It draws an older crowd (and by older I mean people of the legal age to drink). The menu is typical pub food. I highly recommend the wedge salad with steak tips, it's delicious! I've had some other food (burger, calamari, fries, etc) but none of it even compared to the salad.This is our go-to place in Manayunk, be it for drinks after dinner or for lunch/brunch with our dog.  The staff have always been friendly and accommodating to us and our furry friend.  They will always bring water out for our dog and give her attention as well.  We love to sit outside and they are always helpful in getting us a table.
I've never had any bad food here.  Its your typical bar food, but its pretty solid.  The sweet potato fries are the best and I would definitely spend the small up charge for them.  We've had everything from the burgers to the salads to the grilled cheese. Everything was good and you get your fill for sure.
The staff is very knowledgeable about the food and the beer list.  The beer list is smaller, but it changes regularly and keeps with the season,
I would reccommend this place to anyone who is looking for good food for not a lot of money.Great bar and upscale pub food-- lots of healthy options even though the menu is limited to snacks, burgers, and salads (all described with meat of some kind, but you can order one without meat and they charge you less--unlike the stupid Cheesecake Factory!). I am gluten-free and although not much on their menu is, aside from salads, they are always happy to accommodate my requested versions of their menu item. They also serve brunch until 1 on the weekends and have wifi. Happy hour specials rotate on a daily basis.We felt very welcomed since we walked through the door by the bartender who knows what he is doing.  The drinks (manhattan  and dirty martini) were good and all were made correctly.  We only dropped in for a drink but have come for food before and this place is small but a staple on main street.  And, to date, the only place we've found that serves a pickle martini, which is good!Came here on a week nite a little late and staff was more than kind to have us come in and hang out. We didn't want to come in and hold up their closing process.. Bartender was friendly and made good drinks .. Also decent craft beers on tap. Would love to go back for food sometime !Made reservations for 6, Saturday night. We were a bit late but we had an outside table waiting for us. The food was great and our server, Joe, was the best! He was friendly and fun. I can't say enough about how great he was. If you want a relaxed place with pleasant service, try Manayunk Tavern...you won't be disappointed.Went here for brunch with my family. The burgers were delicious but we all wished we had upgraded to truffle or sweet potato fries because the regular fries were tasteless. The wings are good, but 1 lb equates to only about 7 wings. I also ordered the crab and goat cheese salad which was disappointing. I think the combination just didn't work. I would come back but a few things prevent me from giving this place 5 stars.Above average bar food, I would recommend the chicken sandwich or burger pretty good and inexpensive. Pick this place for a nice day when you can sit outside get a couple drinks an inexpensive meal.This is my sisters favorite restaurant in manayunk. They have outside tables lining Main Street where we like to sit. Nice atmosphere & always great service. She loves to order the burger and sweet potato fries, the cheesesteak egg rolls, or the grilled cheese with tomato soup. The cheesesteak egg rolls come with like 6-8 egg rolls! I love their meatballs because these are so rare! Other than that, nothing on the menu is marked gluten free. Their happy hour is great as well!Great bar with a great food menu. More Upscale than your normal bar food. Great beer selection as well! Love the outdoor seating.This neighborhood bar has a great assortment of beers on tap, with specials of $3 drafts. The hamburgers and onion rings are delicious, and the service is excellent.
What more can you ask for: great beers, delicious food, and excellent service!Just dropped in on a recent visit to philly.   I and my friend had the beast.  Just right.   Flavorful burger topped with short rib.  Among the best burgers I have had.  Nice bun. Good service.  Good prices.  How could you go wrong.This is a comfortable place with a casual bar feel.  Nothing fancy, but you'll probably come here for a few beers and good conversation with a few friends.  Came here on a Sunday morning and tried their new brunch menu.  It was good (not great) and the prices are reasonable.Definitely one of my favorite places in Manayunk. Joe the bartender is amazing, great guy and a great bartender. I love getting their nachos, some of the best I've had in Philly. Prices are decent too. I like that this place is lowkey and laidback, not too many people and is not as hectic as the places on the same block.I absolutely love this place.  The brunch burger brings me back to life after a night out.  Went here with a few of my friends one afternoon and decided to switch it up with the honey mustard turkey wrap.  It was pretty dry but I learned my lesson to stick to what I know.  And i know that Manayunk Tavern knows burgers.  Our waiter Chuck was top notch.  I wish it was a little bigger so I could come here with larger groups, that is why it loses one star as much as it pains me.Would not recommend. Have been there for lunch. It was just fair. I like to give places a second chance so I tried it again for dinner, although it was very empty, which is not a good sign. The food was not good and the service was gruff!I love coming to the tavern for brunch. When it was nice outside, I would get an outdoor table and relax for a few hours while reading a book and enjoying a beer or two. I love their crab and asparagus grilled cheese. It comes with tomato soup, so it's great for dipping. It's a very unique dish that I happen to crave. I also love their sweet potato fries. I can be picky about how sweet potato fries are cooked, but they nail it spot on. They are sweet with just the right amount of salt. They are also thinly cut. I also love their burgers. They are really savory and go great with a beer on a sunny day. Their prices are reasonable. You have to sit outside during the Spring/ Summer!Great food and great service. The menu offers a variety of food options and there are good drink specials. I had the turkey burger which was amazing and the sweet potato fries are the best ones I have had.We stopped in to catch a World Cup game after an unproductive afternoon of furniture shopping up and down Main Street. I thought we'd have to fight our way in to see one of the three TVs, but we got a great spot at the bar in front of one of the screens.  The bartender was friendly and helpful, letting us sample the beers before making a decision.
The Tavern Burger was tasty, but I think it had a lot to do with the bacon, black and tan onion rings, and BBQ sauce on the burger rather than the actual burger patty.  The fries were fine, although a little thin, which meant I did not polish them all off the way I usually do.Food was Great! I had the Salmon BLT and my friend had the Crab and asparagus grilled cheese. Our waitress was attentive and was consistently making sure we had everything we needed. The outside sitting was very nice as well. We will definitely be going backCool little bar. Very friendly staff with great tap selection for such a small place. Food was good.Nice place but nothing too special! You should defenitely drink some beer while you are in Manayunk!I stumbled in here Friday night on a usual crowded night in Manayunk. It's a tiny place on the corner next to the Bayou. We walked in to a full house but were able to secure two seats at the bar. The bartenders were awesome. Very attentative and friendly. We ordered dinner. I got the grilled cheese w/ crab . It came with a side of tomato soup which was so good, I had them bring me more- the sandwhich though- I was not a fan- it was packed with crab meat but wasn't the lump crab meat that I was hoping for- it tasted kinda fishy and like cheap imitation crab. It was only around $8 I think though So I guess for the amt of crab they packed in, I got what I paid for. Despite that, I'd go back again, it was a cute little place with great staff.Enjoyed the establishment, bartenders are great. Not too loud and appreciate the TVs for game watching. Prices were pretty good too. Would returnThis is one of my favorite places in Manayunk.  The beer selection is diverse and the staff are all great.  
I think they have  the best outside seating in Manayunk and keep the seating available outside almost all year for the brave souls.  It is an active corner near the heart of Main Street so there is plenty to watch when sitting outside.  I think for the position of the establishment it houses the best pet friendly seating on Main Street.  They just redid the sidewalks outside this summer to help alleviate the annoying wobbly tables.  The inside, though small, affords a nice view of Main Street with its large front windows.  It can get crowded inside quickly but still maintains an integrity unlike dives bars that become too overwhelming.  
The food is delicious and the owners do a good job of staying on top of keeping an updated menu.  
Though their brunch menu is not extensive, I would put their brunch up against any other restaurant on Main Street.
I've lost count the number of visits I've made here and expect that trend to continue.My cousin and I tried to come down here on a weekend about a month ago and what a mistake, the parking situation on Main is an absolute nightmare. The signs, times, and markings are completely confusing and counter-intuitive. As if the city planner and cops got together and found ways to really fuck with the lives of those who work, eat, play here.
So, we stopped by on a week night on an off-hour. Parking was still confusing but we were hungry. And honestly, hunger is not a fair judge of good food. The first two bites will be heavenly as your stomach and taste buds are in angry overdrive and then reality kicks in... literally. In your gut and your mouth. The food here was at best, par. My cousin had some amazing sandwich here a year ago that they no longer serve so he got the closest thing to it and it was a total disappointment. I got their Cuban Sandwich and I was not hungry anymore after three bites. The beer selection here is ok. Some local brews, some other crap brews. The pour of the beer was ok.
Service was good.
The one thing I did like about this place is the outdoor seating. Right on the sidewalk which is nice on a cool summer night. But then again, all the other spots in this area have outdoor seating too.
Anyhow, there're plenty of spots in this area to check out so I wouldn't count on this place as your first choice. 
Parking: Welcome to hell
Price: $20 per person
Wait: None to a lot (aka 30+ mins)Great staff, great food, nice beer selection.
Let's be frank...Manayunk can be a troublesome spot to find a decent bar/restaurant if you happen to be above age 22 and don't think that Budweiser really is the King of Beers.
Manayunk Tavern, I have found, is a great place for people like me and my husband: 30-something professionals who like good beer and good food and good service but don't want to be in the middle of a never-ending Frat Party cum Hen Party all night long.
Yeah, there are some college newbs that stumble in here for shots then stumble out as they find a place that sells $1 Miller Lights. More power to them. Generally, though, the clientelle is more...mature. Not grandpa's, but I think most people that I see here were born before 1980. And that's perfectly fine with me. I don't need to do a cake dance between piles of puke as I find the piss-on-the-seat bathroom.
They usually have about 8+ beers on tap, and a rotating selection of light, dark, local, cider. I can always find something that's pleasant to drink that 1) doesn't come in a bottle and 2) I wouldn't be embarassed to be seen drinking.
The food is decent. We've eaten there, gotten take-away, and it reheats pretty fairly (aways judge a restaurant by how well their food re-heats when you take it home to eat at 3am). Burgers are large and juicy with interesting toppings. The pork sandwich was HOT! HOT! Those peppers were crazy hot. I took the peppers off and it was edible. Just too hot for me.
Fries are always crispy and fresh. I've gotten the plate of mussels when they're $5 on special and they are tasty and not over-cooked. The Calamari are fried to a crunch, awesomely salty (that's good!) and just the rings, not the creepy little whole tentacles (yuck!)
The staff is awesome. So friendly. And they are like friends now, since my husband and I are basically functional alcoholics and Manayunk Tavern is the only place we can stand to go on a regular basis, being one of the few sets of people in Manayunk who aren't just moving away from their childhood home for the first time and who don't judge a night by how many times you passed out...anymore, anyways.We have lived in Manayunk for 4 years and now that we are grown ups, MT is our favorite place. Always great beers on tap, great food, and fabulous waitresses that know what a waitress is supposed to do. The owner is a great guy who always makes an effort to say hello and actually remembers our names (and gets our doggie some water himself without even asking). Its always crowded but we always get a table. We love MT.Had a really good experience here tonight. Manayunk Tavern has a top class beer selection at reasonable prices along with great service and solid food choices. 
This place is kind of small, but there is both indoor and outdoor seating and when we arrived around 7 there was no wait for a table. 
Our waitress was wonderful and had a great knowledge of the beers on tap and in bottles and could answer any question about them. 
The food was good, a step above bar food, but was by no means fine dining. I ordered the stewed mussels from the experimental menu and the fish tacos from the standard menu. The mussels were OK, something about the tomato based broth and the flavor of the mussels didn't click but by no means was this a bad dish, just average. The fish tacos were above average though. Pan seared tuna on an Asian slaw tied together with a great sauce. Would recommend this dish to anyone. 
Come here for a good meal and some drinks at a very reasonable price before heading out on the town. The service is great too.Hands down, best bar on Main Street. Great bartenders, good food, and a quality crowd.Manayunk Tavern is a winner. They have a decent beer selection - their taps change pretty frequently and they offer a nice amount of bottled beers too. The thing I like best about the Tavern is their food -- for a corner bar with reasonable prices the food is quite good. The wings, mussels and crab grilled cheese w/ tomato soup are standouts. The waitstaff are all always patient, informative and willing to accomodate special requests. Another great feature about this place (which they don't advertise) is their selection of games and brain teasers. Who know connect 4 (minus 5 pieces) or guess who (missing a face) could make such wonderful drinking games?! There are better places for either beer, food or atmosphere on their own but to find all 3 together is pretty darn good.I didn't know much about this place coming in, but I was really impressed with their burgers! The burger price range, $10-$13, is very reasonable for the quality and portion size, especially since they all come with fries and a pickle wedge. Although they all looked very good, I ended up going with The Beast burger, which is topped with crispy onions, brisket, muenster cheese, and some kind of mayo-based sauce.
The quality of the burger patty was good, and the bun was toasted brioche, which is fancier than I expected. The fries were good - I subbed out regular fries for truffle parmesan fries (I think, for an additional $2-3). Everything tasted delicious and the portion was very filling. The crispy fried onions in The Beast burger added some nice texture, but also made it heavier, so I'd definitely recommend being extra-hungry before eating it. I would love to go back to try some of the other burgers, maybe one of their lighter ones with a beer.I ordered the mussels in marinara sauce and they were phenomenal! It was a large portion and very reasonable! We also had loaded nachos and sweet chili wings for an appetizer! The nachos were HUGE and the sweet chili sauce was AMAZING! Great beers on draft!!Went there for Sunday morning brunch. The service was very friendly and made sure we were comfortable. Everyone enjoyed their food and the prices were decent. I got the truffle fries- they didn't taste too truffle-y, and they were pretty skimpy on the shaved parmesan and scallions. I'd probably go for the regular fries rather than spending the extra money. My friends enjoyed their French toast and the sweet potato fries a were excellent. They have side walk tables so you can eat outside if it's niceI went here back in the summer and again last week.  I enjoy the atmosphere because its a decent spot that is often overlooked by many strolling down Main St.  It's a small joint, but doesn't get too crowded.  The burgers are delicious and they have a pretty good beer selection.  You should note, however, that they really don't have any beer specials, in my experiences that is.  The bartenders were cool but the wait staff is not anything to write home about.  I was shocked at how uninterested our waitress was on both occasions.  They acted like our mere presence inside the tavern was burdensome to them --- which is a clear turn off (especially in Manayunk where I can spend my money at about 50 other places within walking distance!).I was moved to write because I have had the WORST restaurant experience in Manayunk this past weekend at the Manayunk Tavern. It was about 2 in the afternoon on a Saturday and we wanted to enjoy the beautiful weather and dine outside. My friend was craving a burger and I remembered that the Tavern has a rumored good burger. We sat down outside right away but it took forever for our server to get to us, forever for her to bring drinks, forever (more) to take our order and then.... over 45 minutes later (after inquiring) we finally got our food. The food was OK - not great - but the service was AWFUL. I don't know the waitresses name but she never asked if we needed anything and was near impossible to flag down. She was rude and unhelpful - one of the worst waitresses I have ever had.  I never ever tip below 20% but it had to be done in this case.
(BTW - I was a server back in my day so I know how much it can suck but this was AWFUL - she never apologized and seemed not to care - and I am pretty sure our food would have been fresher if she brought it more quickly)Below is an outline of my rating
Food: 3 Stars, Fresh some of the better food on main street however limited menu if you eat on the healthier side
Environment: 4 Stars, although small the high ceilings and high bars make it seem bigger than it is. I also love the outside seating when it is warmer out. 
Service: 5 stars, every server I've had is great! Adrienne behind the bar is awesome!If you're looking for a friendly bar-type restaurant with a somewhat interesting menu of VERY reasonably priced food, this is it.  Food and drinks are very inexpensive, and there are SUPER cheap drink and food specials nearly every night.  There are no large entrees, thus no large prices; you can't beat the Tavern Burger on Wed. for $5.00.  The most expensive food item is Ahi Tuna soft tacos, which is maybe $12.99, and they are good.  There's a decent variety of interesting sandwiches, apps, small entrees and salads.  No heavy food; no heavy prices; you'll have just the right amount to eat (fight obesity); and friendly and helpful service!Atmosphere was pretty chill. Then it got chilly so went inside to finish up. A little small but friendly. Food was good: truffle fries, coconut curry mussels and the vegetable quesadilla were on my radar for the night. Would have gotten 3 but our waiter Darby made it a 4. She was easy going, pleasant,  attentive and was open just to give her honest opinion about the place. Suggested the watermelon wheat beer. I would never by my own suggestion but I was pleased. Wasn't my favorite but it was good.Food and drinks were a little expensive for the type of experience you get, but overall the food was good. Had the buffalo chicken egg rolls. Awesome that they participate in the yelp cash back.Been here twice with my old lady and despite the 3 stars I have I can't figure out why we went back a second time. If you're a beer drinker though their draft list is definitely on fleek. Their food is meh. Their cocktails are waaaaay too limited (p.s. they don't have a blender so don't get fancy with the frozen drinks). BUT their brunch menu looks pretty interesting so that may be the reason I end up there a third time.I would say this place is over priced for what you get.  I am not a beer snob or part of the typical Manayunk crowd.  I go to the bars with great specials for drinks and good food.  I went here and ordered a burger and a miller lite.  The burger tasted like it was taken right out of the freezer and served.  The fries were good...the only thing keeping it at 3 stars instead of 2. I think my burger was 12 bucks and a 4 dollar miller. If you want a good time and the same burger go next door to the bayou.  I like their burgers better even tho they are from the freezer but they are like 7 bucks with as 2 dollar miller....if you like top shelf beer go to luckys and have a GREAT burger!!!this place looked cute, so we sat down for brunch.  we had a nice table outside, so i was really excited for brunch on a nice day.
the service could have been better, the waiter kept bringing me the wrong drink -- 3 different times, but he seemed nice and i just brushed it off since i knew he was busy.  
the worst part about the meal was how sick i got after it!  i got chicken quesadillas, they tasted good at the time.  However,  4 hours later, i was deathly sick and throwing up for the next 2 days.  bad chicken!  never going back here again!!!!I really enjoy the tavern.  The food is always good and the service is friendly.  They have a great rotating tap list as well as gluten free beer(yay!).  
My favorite is the sweet potato fries.  They come with sweet cinnamon dipping sauce.  My second favorite is their salads.  All of them as great.  Actual fresh ingredients.
Outdoor seating is top notch.  Best people watching and best place to have a pup.The guy who owns this, Jeff, used to be my fave bartender at Bourbon Blue!  His restaurant is great.   Super laid back with great bar food, awesome specials and great beers on tap.  It doesn't have that college-y vibe that a lot of places in Manayunk have which makes me happy.Is it possible to earn zero stars? WORST food I've EVER eaten. Is that straight forward enough?  How hard is it to screw up a burger? AWFUL!Came here on a beautiful Saturday afternoon with my roommates and my one roommates parents. We sat outside and the service was surprising attentive. Sometimes when you sit outside the service can be a little suspect, but not here on this day. 
I got the pork sliders and the meat was very saucey which was excellent. It could have used more slaw but no biggie. The fires were shoestring fries kinda like the ones you get at McDonalds but could have been better. 
My roommate had the ol'smokey burger and gives it 3.75-4out of 5. Dude is a savage and that burg didn't stand a chance.
Other roommate got the Tavern burger with turkey patty and sweet potato fries. She ate the whole thing so I know that was good and she said the patty was really good. Sweet potato fries were awesome 4.25 out of 5.
Will definitely have to come and try other items. Everything was priced fairly and of great quality.My husband and I are on a brunch mission now that we are new to the neighborhood.  Having recently moved to East Falls from Fishtown, we were eager to start our journey in brunch fare.  Manayunk Tavern did not disappoint.  The bloody Mary's were AWESOME.  Crazy garnish with a pickle and just overall tasty.  We ordered the buffalo chicken eggrolls which were just dynamite (get ranch on the side), my husband got the burger with an egg on top and truffle fries.  He said it was his FAVORITE brunch burger to date (which is saying a lot).  To be honest I was expecting more from the truffle fries.  The fries were good, but I thought I would taste more truffle and be a bit more wow'd.  But we tried it.  I ordered the Portobello burger with the goat cheese and red peppers.  It was DELISH.  I opted for a Caesar salad over the fries and while it served its purpose for $1 up charge, it was a basic dressing.  It tasted like it was just a Ken's dressing.  Overall, this place is soooo good.  We absolutely will be back and cannot wait to try other things on the menu....we may have to get those eggrolls again they were just so good.  They appear to have great specials during the week, happy hour and even late nite so we are excited to check that out as well.  Great overall experience.  Great service too!This is one of my favorite spots in Manayunk! Great bar food (nachos, truffle fries, and buffalo chicken egg rolls) and drinks. Such a friendly owner/bartender too!On a street notoriously known for restaurant turnover, Manayunk Tavern is a warm, established institution in the Manayunk/Roxborough region. 
I stumbled upon this tavern after a long and exhausting day slaving the under currents of the Schuylkill River, a waterway in central and eastern Pennsylvania. Its two tributaries drain parts of the Pocono Mountains in the east and Coal Region in the center of the state. If flows for 135 miles before joining the Delaware River as its largest tributary, in Philadelphia.
By trade, I'm an underwater welder, a profession that not only requires a great deal of specialized training and skill, but courage as well. I wouldn't say I'm brave or anything, but I'm sure someone thinks so. Maybe I'm not. Underwater welding can be very underwhelming, as we say in the industry. But the impact on one's life is everlasting. Currently, I suffer from Vertigo, ear equalization issues, ego deflation, patience loss, second guessing decisions, and erosion of confidence. 
I arrived promptly for Happy Hour. Because I don't make as much money as say, a taxidermist, vape shop owner, or certa-pro painter, so I was hoping my dollars (or as I call them, doll hairs) would take me as far as possible from the memories of my uneventful day. I found myself sitting there, staring at the draft list, harking back to a fonder a time when I was young, full of life, energy, and not alone. My partner, Herb, left me last year for a fellow underwater welder; you see, we're a tight circle, and the various, life threatening projects we undertake force us to weld together in so many ways, and he and I welded well until he and Will welded well. Oh well. 
I decided to go with the special today: $4 Pinnacle mixed drinks. Usually, Pinnacle drinks make me giddy, but help restore some confidence laying in the eroded mash. To mingle, I tend to tickle the under arms of fellow patrons, and I ask bartenders, "Where have all the cowboys gone?" I ask DJs to play Jamiroquai because I love unsealing my "Canned Heat". 
For a meal, I ordered the Classic Wedge without the Mahi Mahi to pair with my Pinnacle Vodka and Cranberry. A fresh squeeze of lime added a refreshing twist that only made me crave a tickle rather than be the tickler. The wedge made me feel slim and ready to slip back into my wet suit. The sounds of "Sunny Came Home" by Shawn Colvin resonated over the speakers much to my delight, and for a moment, I felt happy. I felt...ready...welding...and able. 
I would recommend Manayunk Tavern to anyone who enjoys Shawn Colvin, a good tickle, or those looking to improve their social skills, overcome ego and confidence issues, and imbibe a fresh perfectly balanced Pinnacle Vodka and Cranberry.Got the classic burger with bacon added.. delicious!  Everyone in my group lover the burgers. Drinks were decently priced compared to other places in the area (around $5 for beer and about 10 ish draft options + bottle list). Our waitress was fantastic too.. very prompt and made sure our drinks never were empty. Definitely will be back!One of the best bars on Main St... Great beer selection, great burgers and other foods too. Friendly staff. Outside seating which is dog friendly. They'll even bring your dog a bowl of water.The food here is good but the reason for the two stars is our mean, sour puss faced waitress Naomi. She did everything wrong, she never asked if we needed anything, gave us attitude about everything, and we had to wait at least forty five minutes for our appetizer to come out. Bitch needs to get laid! However, the onion rings were bangin.Stopped in for lunch this afternoon. The bar stools are a bit close together, I understand it is a smaller venue, maybe take away a few stools. Good beer selection and decent menu to select from. Ordered the boneless wings and they were awesome, definitely recommend stopping in if passing by.I ordered duck confit quesadilla , the quesadilla was crunchy and crisp, however the duck was too salty for me to enjoy , not enough melted cheese for the ooey gooey goodness, and a spoonful of pineapple salsa which was probably the good part of the dish was not enough to meld the flavors with the main dish . 
A friend ordered truffle fries. Do not know what truffle oil taste like so I was curious to try . It did not taste any different than the regular fries , with the exception of it being having some shaved cheese on top. 
The waitress however was polite and niceFood, drinks, atmosphere...all great. It's my favorite spot in the neighborhood to relax and grab a drink. Favorite special: $5 margaritas on Thursday.I love this place! Never have had a bad meal or drink! Crab cake Benedict is awesome! The filet bites are great too!Came here Saturday night and was really impressed. Our waitress was really chill and was very helpful in giving her recommendations when my mom was stuck between a few different options. We got the buffalo chicken egg rolls to start which were AMAZING. My mom got the Tuscan chicken sandwich which she liked but wasn't crazy about the aioli on it and I got the Ol' Smokey burger which was one of the best burgers I've ever had. It was cooked perfectly and the sauce on it is just incredible. We stayed and got a few rounds of drinks after which were nice and strong. I got the blueberry lemonade that's on their drink menu and it was perfect for a hot summer night! Definitely will be back.I'd like to give it 3.5 stars.  It's a solid place. Typical bar food that's pretty tasty.  The service is terrific.  Everyone who I've encountered who works there is friendly nice and helpful. Also one of the spots that isn't a college bar on Main St.  Can't get pretty crowded on the weekends.  Great place to do lunch.  Decent selection of craft beer too.I had visited here for lunch. Staffs are very kind and foods are very delicious. Especially I like all burgers here and crab soup.Great food and beer selection. Ever evolving menu with a very solid base. Bartenders, waitstaff, and owners are some of the best in the city. Never been disappointed.This review is based solely on the food. We did take out, and it just wasn't good, and it's overpriced. I had the classic wedge with filet tips, and there were bacon bits (no, not real bacon) and the filet was completely over cooked. I'd like to try its bar scene before I wrote it off entirely.Great Tap List. Good outdoor seating for ppl watching. Overlooked spot, not too filled with Romper Room Kids waiting to hit Mad River. Go here.