I was happily surprised that we got seats out on the deck overlooking the river. It was peaceful and when it got dark, staff promptly lit candles and took our drink orders.
We ordered sushi and it was flavorful and fresh. I would order their sushi again and maybe venture trying one of their speciality rolls although they are on the pricer side ($16 a roll). I like that they have different food stations dedicated to one type of food. It's nice to be drinking and still get quality food to go with your drinks.
I am not a beer drinker but my companions seemed to enjoy the beers they ordered. No complaints!
Will come again :-)This will be may be my last time here for brunch. 
The omelet station had no meats. What am I paying for? I want an omelet with ham, bacon, something. 
The last time I was here, there was fried chicken which I enjoyed nicely with waffles. I was looking forward to that this time and they did not have it. They have a nice view of the river but the brunch is nothing spectacular.Stick to the beer, my cucumber jalapeño margarita wasn't great. Food was good and really cool atmosphere.  Super relaxing and killer music.Decent beer actually and really good food. Awesome happy hour experience and worth it. Great outdoor drinkingWith more and more brewpubs popping up in the area, having the beer made on-site no longer has the novelty it once did.  These days, people want their $6 beers to actually taste good.  Maybe it's the fact the brewpub was made early in the game, maybe it's the fact the place will always get good business due to its location; but the effort at the brewpub feels phoned-in.
The beer selection can only be described as bland.  There are enough varieties, but none of them really stand out.  Definitely doesn't stand up to anything offered by Victory, Triumph or Gordon Biersch.  They do have a full-bar stocked with liquor and wine, but no outside beers.
The food is usually pretty good; no complaints except for what they serve up during their Sunday brunch.  The Sunday brunch sounds like a good deal; about $30 for all you can eat buffet-style food consisting of salmon, ham, prime rib and other high-quality foods.  However; when you see it in reality, it's very disappointing.  Snobby sounding food cooked poorly and served cold results in the tackiness of a crappy casino buffet in AC.
They do get good musical acts in during the weekends and the outdoor area is great during the summer.  Despite the quality of the beers themselves, it remains one of my favorite places in Manayunk to go attend during Friday and Saturday nights.SOLID food it's a little pricey for what they serve but the atmosphere is amazing. Very intimate spots throughout the room-  nice venue. Beer sucks but food makes up for it. Also a little
Sushi joint in the place. Great place to check out.Awesome place!   Great Food, Great Beer, Great Atmosphere, and usually Great People. It's big, and there's lots of different bars in the place, even in the winter. Manayunk has been known to attract a meathead or two, but this place seems to be somewhat meathead-resistant. It's good to get there a little early, such as for dinner or happy hour - I've seen some long lines that form later in the night, and they might even charge a cover by then. Anyway, if you've been there, you know it's good. If you haven't, be sure to check it out. It's the best place in Manayunk, in my opinion.Maybe it's a good place to go for lunch or dinner, but as evening places go it's just awful. Evening staff are exceptionally rude, beer is complete garbage, and the DJ they had was seriously the worst I've ever heard.We tried the outside deck which is covered from the sun so you get the joy of outside without the inclement weather. Ate some lunch during the week to avoid the crowds. The food selections for lunch were average. The burgers and big salads were good. We also had a six glass beer taster set. Most of the beers on that were not very good. I'm giving it two stars because the service could have been a little more attentive and if your going to call yourself a brewery you better have some good beers. I can't speak for any live music or club scene as i haven't been.Giving this three stars because when we went we got to sit outdoors and the deck is a great perk of the place, especially on nice warm days. 
The place use to have really good sushi (have sushi chefs on staff) but I went last week and was pretty let down that for an $80 tab the sushi sucked and their beer is just so-so. Never eaten any of their other food but if we go again it looks like I will have to try since I'm not paying for their sushi again. 
Recommend going for a drink or two on the deck to be outdoors but then venture elsewhere for food or the rest of the night.one would think that having lived in the yunk for 8 years i would have known about the brew pub's all you can eat brunch feast. but, sadly, no... well, not until today! 
tho quite pricey considering that i don't NEED to eat the amount of food necessary to warrant the steep $21 cost, i did do my best to get my money's worth (and haven't needed to eat anything else since!) my made-to-order veggie omelet prepared @ the omelet station was huge & delicious and would have been a meal aplenty for me...but alas, i loaded up additional plates with roasted potatoes, half a bagel with cream cheese & veggies, fresh fruit salad, french toast with blueberry sauce and an assortment of pastries. a ton of food, right? yet i didn't even scratch the surface!!! there was SO much more, including more lunch-y dishes like meatballs and chicken marsala that didn't stand a chance at getting on my meat-free plate. 
coffe/tea is included in the set price....not mimosas/blood marys...but they're a pretty decent deal at only $3.50 a glass. servers don't have to do much here during brunch other than bring drinks and clear plates, yet our table of 11 seemed to have our mere 2 water carafes perpetually empty with no server in sight with whom we could request a refill.
the BEST part: the live jazz band playing while you eat! that alone helped to turn what is a complete douchebag bar by nite into one of philly's classiest bunch experiences outside of a center city hotel. so while brunch was great, and the back deck can't be beat, the combination of the "eh" beers, the "ugh" late nite scene and the "huh? where'd ya go?" service definitely costs the brew pub a few stars.I can't begin to say how much I love this place. Everything on the menu is delicious and the beers are incredible. 
Good vibes here, especially in the summer time.I have had many great nights out here, but came tonight for dinner for the first time. I have not been this disappointed in a meal in a long time. I ordered chicken quesadillas (how could you go wrong?) and they looked great on the outside but inside the chicken looked and tasted microwaved - white rubbery and watery - no cook marks. My boyfriend had the steak sirloin salad - the dressing was extremely lacking in flavor. Lastly we got the yellowtail scallion roll which honestly only tasted like rice. There was a tiny piece of fish in the middle. This meal came to $55 before tip, and honestly was not worth any of our money. This is solely about the food because service and atmosphere were great. Wish we took our business somewhere else.My husband daughter and I went for a light lunch.  First we opted to sit outside near the river.  We were at the end VERY CLOSE to some sort of storage area, super messy and a bit off putting.  Our server was fine, but a bit overwhelmed.  We had three appetizers, the Hummus veggie plate was billed as being Roasted red pepper but didn't have much flavor at ALL.  The hot crab dip had something off, couldn't put our finger on it but it was just not good.  The nachos with chicken had about five chunks of bland chicken.  All in all, not impressed with the food or the ambiance.  $48 bucks for three blah dishes and sodas.... not worth it.The brew pub is great. If you are a beer lover, you should definately try this place out. The menu is great with a little something for everyone and the chefs cook the food with some care. You will note the quality of the food. There is a sushi/steak station sometimes, a breakfast buffet on sundays, and live music often. When I go here, I have a vegetarian tower dish with eggplant, peppers, mushrooms. Its always been tasty. Like another revierer warned, beware of the party college crowd on some nights. And for all the god food and service, they are priced suitablely. You wont be disappointed you you visit for a fun time out.This place has a great ambience and looks like it should be better than it was. It was my first time there and truth be told I may be a "victim" of ordering the wrong item.  My friend and I both had salads and one was more nasty then the next.  Not only were they nasty but the portion was small.  On the bright side our waitress was friendly and very quick to let us try all the beer samples that we wanted.  Perhaps this would be better for a late night beer and catching a game rather than going for food.I've been for dinner a few times there and overall it's just kind of blah. It's nice for large groups because it's spacious and they have nice outdoor seating during the summer, but it's nothing to write home about. There are way better places in Manayunk to spend time and money for dinner.I think this is a good local place to go to with family and friends if it is walking distance or a short drive. The food is nothing special but they have a variety of options. I got the chicken, bacon, ranch pizza and it made my stomach hurt after.. but it was pretty good. Didnt stop me from having leftovers! Our waitress was nice and attentive throughout.Service was slow. The server gave us the evil eye the entire time! $13 for 6 crab raviolis? You could buy a whole cluster of crab legs for just a few dollars more! I would come here for the drinks, not the food!Four stars for the beers, three stars for food quality, two stars for everything else. We took a friend visiting from out of town here a while back, hoping to show him a good time and some of Manayunk. We called at around 5 PM on a weekend to ask for a reservation and were told that no tables were available until 9:30. Fine. We showed up at 9:30, only to see about half of the tables empty, most of which did not fill throughout the course of our dinner. Strange.
We got some beers. Everyone enjoyed theirs, and all was good. The food came out and that was okay, too. Nothing memorable.
When it came time to pay, we put down a credit card and received SOMEONE ELSE'S BILL BACK. What the what?! Up until this point, I had never experienced this at a restaurant before. The server came over, was half-heartedly apologetic, and brought back the correct receipt in a rude, rushed manner. I don't know if the loud music had distracted them or what, but the experience put a bad taste in my mouth.Drink local! Love this spot. Make sure you're sitting outside if the weather is nice, they have a ton of seating out on a patio right alongside the river. Solid draft list with a little bit of everything to please: darks, lights, and sours. Friendly servers and a bit of everything on the food menu as well. They also serve sushi.Went here 2 weekends ago. It was pretty crowded but service was still pretty good. Tried a few different beers, all of which were good but nothing out of this world. 
For dinner I actually had some Sushi which was very fresh and their rice is perfectly seasoned with Japanese Vinger. Everyone I went with had no complaints about the food.I love the eight microbrew selections, Shauna's bartender stylings, and the Schuylkill-straddling location of this place SO MUCH that I'm going to give it 4 stars despite the nauseating, 20-Something, hipster scene that congregates here after 7:00 PM on weekends.Came here on a date and fell in love... with the outdoor seating overlooking the Schuylkill River.  It was a beautiful day and very relaxing on the deck despite the crowds of yuppies  around the bars for Happy Hour. I will definitely head back simply for the Schuylkill Punch (Raspberry-flavored beer) and the view.  The food is just ok, so stick to the typical pub fare or pizza.I have been coming to the Brew Pub a lot lately, usually because it's convenient to my house and has a comfy feel to it. Plus, everyone is nice there. The only thing I don't like about this place is that it always smells like beer (hence, the brew pub thing, but still, I don't remember all brew pubs always smelling like bad beer). But I digress. This place has consistently good food, not great food, but good food (though people I've brought here have always raved about it). And the unique factor alone is a sell. How many brew pubs have a sushi bar in the middle of them? But again, I digress. I'm mainly writing a review because of the pizzas. The Brew Pub's pizzas are AMAZING, better than most Italian joints I've frequented. Their claim to fame, at least in my opinion, is their new pizza that has panchetta and roasted corn on it. It comes out gooey and warm from the pizza oven. The crust is thin and crispy. And the taste is out of this world. It is a true guilty pleasure. I try so hard not to finish the whole pie but I ultimately do. And I don't even care. Go for the pizzas, you won't be sorry.Enjoyed brunch on Sunday. People must be on vacation in August,  so it wasn't very crowded.  Ordinarily it will be difficult to call the same day and get reservations for parties of six or more. We called  that morning was able to get in.
They had eggs sausage omelette station waffles French toast turkey desserts.  They will add the gratuity to all checks.  Jazz band played the entire time.  For the most part the food was good. The salmon was a little overcooked but that's probably because they have it in small pieces and it stays in the chafing dish for a long time. The same was true for the eggs Benedict, the egg yolks were well done instead of slightly runny, and they hardly had any hollandaise sauce on them. The omelet  station was fine except I prefer eggs that not browned and I told the chef this and he had the frame up too much and they browned anyway.  Sunday brunch is from 10:30 AM until 2 PM you can either order off of their regular menu or the Sunday brunch buffet. 
Really enjoyed the atmosphere and the laid-back feeling of the restaurant which is why I gave it four stars.  We will definitely go back.The Brew Pub is by far my favorite summer happy hour spot. The outside deck looking out on the river is fantastic and often has a steel drum band playing. The food is great - appetizers are fantastic, and I would recommend the steak salad. And if you like sangria, you are in for a treat. Their summer sangria is absolutely delicious, light and refreshing.I live up the street from the Brew Pub and visit quite often. The beer is good especially the Schuylkill punch its the only one i get now. However I now have a huge beef with this place. Last weekend we ended up here late night.. i didnt have any cash on me so the girl at the desk said she could hold my licence and go to the atm and give her the 5 bucks. So i went to the ATM and it was out of service. So i just went to meet up with my friends. I ordered some drinks and forgot to close out my tab at the end of the night. The next day i go down there to get my licence and debit card back and pay for my shit. The license and debit card are nowhere to be found. And on top of that the hostess chicks were bitches. Asking me if I "checked my wallet" or my pants pocket. Well obviously I did you dumb bitch why do u think I am here. So ive been back to check again and still nothing. Other than that upstairs is fun if u like to dance and acutally the sushi is decent.Sure it's a little trek from Philadelphia, but the Manayunk Brewery is worth the ride on the regional rail. During the summer the outdoor seating is a great place to chill out with friends and have some drinks. Their homemade beers are good with options from the lightest lagers to some darker beers. There are a ton of options for food as well, with the typical bar food, some spicy pizza, and even sushi from their sushi bar. When we went they had live music and a good crowd. It's a real fun place and has one of the most scenic sites to eat by the river in the greater Philly area.Great environment, view, staff. Enjoyed the different beers that I tasted. For the appetizer I had the Hot Crab Dip, I am a seafood lover, but this was a bit overwhelming to the taste. For the entree I had the Stone Oven Baked Chilen Quesadilla, it was a good portion size and great tasting. Overall I enjoyed my experience, can't wait until I come back and try other items on their menu.I had a really great experience here about two weeks ago. My boyfriend and I grabbed a late lunch here on a Saturday. We both tried two of their house brews. I can't remember exactly the ones that we tried, but their description on the menu was accurate as was the waiter's recommendation. We also split the nachos and they were awesome. They give you a a huge portion. What I like about the nachos is that it's not just chips, but there's a lot of chili meat and toppings throughout. A huge pet peeve of mine is when you order nachos and there's just a bunch of chips on the bottom. This was definitely not the case here. I liked the style of the restaurant. It's very modern meets classic. It seems like a great place for families, young adults, college students, etc. My only compliant was that the wait staff kept trying to rush us out even though they had plenty of tables.I have been back many times as our default easy dinner and good beer spot. I'll say we've had some spotty service lately with servers taking our order and then switching and having a new person retake our orders. Some other servers have been great though so think this was just an unlucky night.
We've tried a bunch since our first visit and must say the sushi is surprisingly great. Nothing to rave about but it's fresh, on the cheaper side and hit the sushi spot really well. I'd recommend the spicy mango salmon or octopus. We've gotten from a few places around manayunk and this is surprisingly our go to for it now. 
We've also gotten most of the sandwiches by now and would recommend any. Brisket one is definitely the pick of the litter. 
If its a nice night for sitting outside you definitely want to be on the deck over here. Favorite spot to relax outside with a flight.*Wedding Venue Review*
I was here on Sunday for a family wedding. We initially went into the "main" entrance down the ramp and into the bar. I loved the sushi area and the big bright tap list on the wall. It wasn't too loud but there were a lot of people there watching the football game. I would have loved to hang out there. Upstairs, the ceremony and reception were in the big room which was plenty big for our group and had stations with DIY sliders, cheesesteak, and stir fry. The food was fresh and hot and tasted great. We also had a private bar for the cocktail hour and reception with (what I think was the same tap list as the main bar). I only had one beer (the Rise & Grind) which was fantastic, but I tried sips of other beers and they were all really well made. I even brought home a four-pack of the Crunch and the King Crunch back to CT! 
Manayunk itself is a cute little town and I am hoping to come back and check it out.Brunch Buffet is pricey but has a large selection.  If the weathers nice make sure to sit on the deck along the river.
There's a sushi bar on the first floor.  I wouldn't go here looking for top notch sushi.
On the weekends this place gets packed.  They have live music downstairs and if the upstairs room is not rented there's a DJ and another bar.  I didn't find out about the upstairs bar for several years.   Its a nice option if the band isn't that good or if you feel like dancing.Manayunk Brewing Company has pretty good food, service that wont raise your blood pressure, a deck that will really do it for you on those nights that you simply must eat outdoors and beers that are pretty forgettable.  A kick ass brew pub with memorable beers and truly excellent food with that deck in Manayunk should have them standing in line down to the Triumph dealer and own the best brew pub reputation in the Delaware Valley.  Granted there is a wait on balmy nights for the deck, but that's default business.  Even I will drink their beer on a great al fresco evening.I love the food here. Crab dip is delish. Pizza is really good. Cookie desert soooo yummy! Must try the cheese steak egg rolls!! Honestly everything I have had on the menu is amazing. Food is decently priced as well. Probably on of my favorite places on main.This place is probably really really nice during the daytime, with the waterfront seating and the great outdoor areas. The nachos we ordered were very good, and I loved their raspberry beer, but I don't think I will ever come back after about 9 pm.  Manayunk Brewery is Mecca for white frat boys.  It just is.  If you're into being groped and surrounded by meatheads, this is place is for you!  Our waitress was a grade A jerk.  She dropped my friend's wallet and didn't bother to pick it up, and was really short with us and just kind of rude.  It even started a debate at our table about tipping and restaurant service staff.  Mixed feelings!!!!Great spot.  A little pricey on some items for what you get but you can't go wrong with the sushi which is surprising for a brewery.  Server could have used some further beer knowledge but was very polite and attentive.Nice atmosphere but the food was bland. I had the captain's chicken. I liked the combination of chicken, crab and shrimp but it just didn't have enough flavor. I read expecting a scampi sauce insured it was like a light country gravy. The chicken was hard on the outside, dry and no flavor at all. The rice was flavorful but soggy. Also don't expect to get full unless you get a salad because the capturing chicken dish was tiny. Oh I forgot about the shrimp only two! That's right two. All of this for $18.50 really? I must add that the waitress was great but the host please someone make her smile and not act so scared of people and walk slower when she seats them. Lastly and once again is a nice spot, it would be perfect if you give the host a smile and give the food some flavor and teach the cook how to cook rice firm and chicken soft. Not the other way around.Manayunk Brewery offers a large venue with decent atmosphere and good lighting. I have been there with friends on a Friday night and it's a great place to stop and try some of their seasonal micro-brewed beers. 
I stopped by again today around 4-5 on a date after telling her how great the place is and left less than satisfied. The brewery felt awkwardly empty with around 20 patrons there. We had the calamari which I found to be over fried with a strange choice of dipping sauces: sweet barbeque, some sort of thick and sour balsamic vinaigrette, and a nice and pungent hot cocktail sauce (all three sauces are layered on top of the dish by default, make sure to ask for them on the side). Next was the cobb salad, a fairly hard dish to mess up; it was decent and well proportioned for two. Finally we had the beef tip sandwich, chopped pieces of steak on a kaiser roll; I found it to be edible but it was tough, too dry for my taste and lacked flavor. The service was adequate but could have been better for what your paying. Dinner for two amounted to roughly $50
OVERALL: Manayunk brewery is definitely one of the best places to check out and grab a beer on a good night (thurs,fri,sat) after 9. As far as dining goes, they are slightly overpriced and should stick to their core competency, serving alcohol. It wasn't terrible, but I would probably not eat there again.Had a great meal today with family (kids 8,6 and 4).  Menu choices were more than sufficient and staff was friendly.  I particularly enjoyed my beer flight, trying 9 of their drafts for only $8.
Food came out a bit slow due to a funeral lunch, and waitress apologized in advance and offered kids meals for free, per her mgr. And without us even saying anything.  Nice touch!Was here for the Sunday Brunch for a friends Birthday party. The party was lovely and a good time was had by all but the food was Meh...Not too exciting and certainly not worth the pricetag.  Overcooked eggs, soggy bacon, oily sausages and mediocre waffles. The omelette station looked good but with only one chef, it was slow and the line was soooo long. We didn't want to miss the rest of our party so decided not to wait. So-so breakfast and a cup of coffee later, the individual price tag for 'brunch' was a $26.00 surprise. Add $5 to that for each mimosa, if you had one. Way overpriced for the fare served. Skip the pricey brunch selection and just order from the menu IMHO...This place is snazzy looking.The food was pretty good, and the beer selection was interesting. The service was weird--not bad, just weird. Servers hovering and waiting to snatch your dish is weird--and rude (please have them wait until everyone in the party is finished, within reason ). Standing behind someone's chair is weird. It must be what it's like to be the warden of a prison waited on by the inmates.Went for lunch while my family was in town visiting Manayunk for the first time. I immediately thought of Brew Pub as a nice place that we could sit outside on the deck during a beautiful Saturday afternoon. 
It was graduation weekend for a few colleges so it seemed busier than usual for lunch. We had to wait at the bar about 20 minutes before being seated but we didn't mind since we got a chance to try out some of the micro brews. I tried the Manayunk Wit, which was their version of a wheat beer. My father tried that Lager and liked it, but wanted it to be a little darker. 
For lunch we had an assortment of things - the coconut shrimp appetizer was good, nice and crispy with a nice spicy dipping sauce. My dad had the crab chowder which he though was some of the best chowder he's ever had. 
For my entree I got the lobster crab cake sandwich... be warned, it's pretty small and if you're not into eating a bunch of french fries for lunch you may want to go for something else. The flavors were good, but certainly not that unique. My bf ordered the brisket sandwich (which he's had before) and it was so flavorful and delicious. I loved the blue cheese horseradish sauce that came with, it perfectly complemented the meat. The little bro ordered the chicken parm which was pretty basic. His only comment on it was that he thought there was too much cheese - I think there's no such thing as too much cheese, but he's a weird kid. 
All in all it was a pretty good experience, maybe my rating is on the high side because the weather was so perfect. Our server was extremely nice, but service was a little slow...probably due to all of the large parties for graduation lunches.This is my 3rd time giving this place a try and I am glad I did again.  My last experience was during the summer on the patio, the service was terrible, long wait times, the waitress forgot to put the food in etc. Anyway, this time I decided to try happy hour at the bar. They have a few good happy hour specials from 5-7 they are more food oriented as the drinks are just only 1$ off. However, I enjoyed the sushi ( shrimp tempura) not on happy hour menu, and I especially loved the cocktail I ordered. It is very hard for me to find places who makes a good pomegranate martini and the woman at the back bar on a Tuesday night ( wish I asked her name ) nailed it! They were awesome and so was her service! Glad I decided to give this place another shot and will be returning.Waitress was the best part, attentive helpful and friendly. Food was ok at best, edible. Do not believe the word "spicy" on the menu. Fried green tomato? It was flavorless, and red. Go here for maybe a beer, but the food is overpriced for what you get. The texture was great, but the flavor was severely lacking. This may be a good spot of you have picky eaters, since nothing seemed that complex or flavorful.I went to the brewery with my husband a few days ago, and we were disappointed. We used to go a lot before they changed their menu. The menu is so stripped down, lacking many of the items that were great before (such as the brisket sandwich). Also, the sushi bar is closed on Mondays, and they were out of two beers on a Monday evening. Kind of strange. 
Our waitress was really nice and she did a good job. We were the only people in the place around 6pm for dinner. Our pizzas ($8 special) were fine, but not what I would usually get at a pub. I didn't feel like any of the salad/sandwich options were really that great and the entrees are very pricey ($17-28). 
As much as I like the beers here, I wouldn't drive into Manyunk for the brewery anymore. Until they beef up their menu a bit, we'll go elsewhere.This review is from our second visit to this restaurant. I waited to see if our first experience was a fluke. It wasn't. The service we received both times was very unacceptable. I actually needed to ask if someone was assigned our table. This time we actually left after a 15 minute wait without being acknowledged or even greeted by our server. On our first visit we actually endured the long wait for service and had some rather good food. Was the wait worth it? Good beer good food lousy service.Came in on a Saturday afternoon. Not too crowded at the bar. Great beer, nice drink pours, and decent food, although clearly industrial ingredients. Male bartender was grumpy, female bartender was outstanding. Very quirky Saturday afternoon regulars made for interesting conversation.Want to get abused by bouncers? Go here. Overly aggressive, verbally and physically abusive employees. Lawyer up.The interior fits to a brewery: Brick and stone walls, industrial ceiling. Good lighting. The service was good, the beers were ok, the cocktails too sweet and the Whiskey Sour a disappointment. The food was not really more than mediocre bar food. The sushi was dry when it came to our table.We went here for dinner last night and lunch today.
Lunch was 2 stars and that is generous. The place wasn't busy yet our service was SLOW. They had a very limited menu for lunch.
Dinner was amazing! Great cod tacos! 
The jazz band was great just a little to loud. The beer was tasty and so was the sushi!
Must try for dinner but not for lunch.My friend and I found ourselves here for a Masquerade party which was a pretty cool concept, but I balked a bit when I saw where the location of the event was.wasn't a huge fan of Manayunk (read: Mad River ruined it for me). However, I am honestly glad that I brushed aside my previous experience with Manayunk and came out. Parking can be found either on the street or in a nearby lot for $10. The ambiance is a bit on the dark side with a trendy air about it. There are also tons of tvs with various sport games on them.
Our event was held on the deck out back which was tented and heated to help us brave the frigid winter weather. Although they had drink specials, the credit card minimum was $20, so keep that in mind if you're not a huge drinker (although 4 drinks and a margherita pizza put me way over that line!) Tony, one of the bartenders, took great care of us though! The clientele is interesting as well; some drunk guy literally walked up to my friend and took a slice of her pizza. The bartenders looked as shocked as she did, but the situation was settled amicably (i.e. she let him have the slice and informed him it was her personal pizza)
I feel like this is a nice local, trendy bar and they brew their own beers so if you're into that sort of thing, you should definitely try it out!I've been to Manayunk Brewery three times for lunches and drinks.  This is an extremely well managed restaurant.  The staff - waiters, bartenders, cooks, bus boys, etc are all on their toes.  Excellent service.  The restaurant and brewery area are spotlessly clean.  The menu isn't extensive, but there's something for everyone - including gluten free and vegetarian selections. Last visit, I had a mushroom pizza.  The menu says it's for 1 person, but I couldn't finish it and took the rest home.  Sandwiches are excellent.  The sushi bar opens at 4:00 and the menu looks amazing, so I'm definitely going back for that.  I've only tried the blonde bohemian beer (I'm not much of a dark beer drinker) and it's really tasty and refreshing.  The beers are made on the premises.  You can see the brewmasters at work with the giant tanks. Prices are maybe a little high, but you pay for quality.The Brewery is my go to SPOT when I want consistent food and drinks!!  I have been for Brunch, Lunch & Dinner.  I go here to take folks who want an intro to drinking new beers - they offer a sampler and it help some develop a palate for different types of beer.  I am a Hoppy beer person, so I liked the Dreamin'...which has been discontinued - think it has a new name now.  The bartenders are also skilled at making cocktails.   Now the food is also equally enjoyable.  The mahogany wings are always perfection.  The brunch dishes are also tasty - but be aware - Brunch get crowded - so plan ahead.
So, the 4 stars are really for the Beer selection - but the food and service are about 3 stars.  Solid place - So have no worries.I am in love with the outdoor deck here. This is THE place to be in the summertime enjoying drinks and listening to the live music (most of the time). You have to try all the different brews they offer (don't drink miller lites!)Came here for Fall Restaurant Week and could not have been more pleased. We had great service and excellent food. 
I had a beet salad with pecans and goat cheese to start and the beets were perfectly cooked. For an entree, I had tortellini with sausage and Kennett Square mushrooms. It was spectacular. Seriously, so so good. My friend ordered a medium-rare steak, and the temperature was perfect. That was impressive!
Dessert was good, and the portion was perfect. I left there feeling satisfied and not overly full. Their Dragonfly beer was a good choice. 
Definitely recommend!Extremely poor service...but food (that they actually have in stock) is good,  as are the drinks.  Nothing makes up for piss poor service.Love this place. Every time I go there I try something new. The dining area looks great and is really chill. It's my neighborhood go to spot for beer and good foodI made dinner reservations for 10 (6 adults, 4 kids) on June 23 to celebrate a graduation. The food was good but they could not understand  or handle us 6  adults wanting to pay separately even though we told them before we ordered our food...so when the check came and we attempted to pay separately it was literally rocket science for our waitresses...which basically ruined our night after all the damn back and forth with those waitresses... I'm never going back.Fun atmosphere and huge restaurant! As someone with a gluten allergy, there wasn't too many options. The menu is marked with options though. I originally asked for nachos and they said they were not gluten free. I got the hot crab dip which was pretty good and sushi, which was amazing. My boyfriend loved the cheesesteak dumplings. The wine was good but the glasses were quite small but my cousin got the red sangria, which she loved but I could not have because it had whiskey in it (not gluten free). My sister enjoys their burgers a lot and always orders one there.I can always count on coming here for a meal and having a good time. The food is good, and it's a plus that they also serve sushi, which I love. The only downside is that they only serve it on certain nights, so if that's what you are looking form, make sure you are going on a night that the sushi chefs will be there.
The beer is always flowing and plentiful, and the drinks I get are always good. The service is good, but a few of the waiters and waitresses I've had are a bit on the slow side. That's good and bad, especially if I'm out for a girl's night and want time to catch up, so we have a lot of time to chat. However, if my water glass is empty and I'm parched, it could be 20 minutes before I get a refill or have the chance to catch someone's eye. 
This is definitely one of the first places I think of to go when I am in Manayunk, since it is such a staple. My parents had an anniversary party here several years ago and the people who helped her coordinate were great. We had the whole back open section to ourselves.Went here on a date and ordered sushi. They waitress said they were running behind because they ran out of rice and needed to make more??? Thought this was bizarre! When my rolls finally came out the presentation was awful and the taste was even worse! Worst sushi experience of my life! I also had crab dip and a Cesar salad as apps and both were very sub par. Wouldn't recommend this place to anyone and will never go back!Great place!  Atmosphere, food, dining, music, service & FOOD!  It's a great date place!  The Sunday Brunch was wonderful!  Reservation makes your visit all the better.  Will be returning soon!Been hearing about the MBP for years.. so for my birthday I decided to give her a try...now I have to say my sister in law reccommended this place, and usually she has the palate of a horses ass, so I was ready for another adventure like Sorrentos restaraunt she reccommended up on ridge (see my review on it .. it sucks)
Anyway.. SMALL menu,selection, which usually means REALLY good food. I do like some microbrews, but I find that most micro brews  fall into 1 of 2 categories ... 1) Excellent , craft beer types and 2) Gimmicky , trying to "make a point" (like being really strong, or a weird combination of ingredients) .. with dumb names like "Monkey junk" or something  
I started off with the Deviled egg appetizer (dont eww you know you like them .. usually) this is 3 deviled eggs, 1, with smoked salmon, 1 with crab, 1 just plain  ...I backed that up with a glass of theire own microbrew beer "schuylkill punch" raspberry ale 
Now you can Eww, they werent that good... OVERLY salty almost like sea water, you couldnt really taste much else ..but I never let 1 dish sway me ... some of the best places Ive ever eaten, were a miss on the appetizer 
Now its important to note I went with my italian relatives ... which means like it or not youre going to get a bite of every friggin thing on the table ...so dont think im some kind of IFOCE eater or something 
Following my drink of the schuylkill,(which was ok, but bitter )  I decided to order the 8 beer sampler ... Now its hard to label a microbrew "good"or "bad" ... beer varies SO much flavor, recipies, ingredients.. area , that what you might think is bitter, another may just call a "hoppy finish"... if that makes sense 
I like a good beer, IMO of the 8 beers I sampled, only 3 were what I would call "pretty good"... none were excellent , but 3 were drinkable, well at least till the high alcohol content they all have puts you on your ass that is ...(For the record NONE go with deviled eggs aight?)
Sounds like a disaster right ... well , lets see 
Service was impeccable, the waitress was a doll, the kind of girl that could dump your plate on your lap and youd still tip her 20% ...
Then there were the entrees... and HERE we have the 5 star rating ... we put a DENT in the menu 7 people 
The Wings... OUTSTANDING.. crispy, in a sweet glaze, that makes you want to lick the plate 
Calamari...OUTSTANDING.. light sweet breading, with a sweet spicy dipping sauce.. 2 bites and I wanted to go get a room with it 
Chicken Marsala (no my fat ass didnt order all this it was our entire order , I was "Italianly" forced to tase everything ).. Best I have ever had, and the hard core italians with me agreed ...delicious 
Nachos... OUTSTANDING
I had the smoked brisket sandwich with a side salad ..OUT OF THIS WORLD tender juicy, really good horseradish mayo , on a rolll with carmelized onions, and mushrooms.. my face didnt come up from the plate till that sucker was HISTORY .. and their balsamic dressing is the best Ive ever had at a restaraunt 
7 people , with a liquor bill, all that food came out to like $200.00 not too bad at all for the quality of what I crammed down my gullet last night 
SOOOO if you want to try a place with REALLY REALLYgood food.. really bitter beer, and shitty deviled eggs...with outstanding service.. give the MBP a tryAwesome bar. Not really a club but has some dancing up stairs, also always has a live band out side. 
There are several good things about the Brew Pub. One is the outdoor deck, which in the summer can make for an amazingly fun time. The other is the beer. Anywhere in manayunk your going to spend 5$ for a beer. Here you get hand crafted beer that tastes amazing. 
So... lets see 5 $ for shitty miller lite or awesome schuylkill punch. 
Honestly it's probably the best bar in manayunk.I've only ever been here in nice weather when the outdoors is open, which automatically gives it 4 stars. Great views and ambiance. Food is fine and the beer is great--the sampler is a steal and you'll know what to order for your next two or three or...This time was just ugh. When we got there we had to wait 15 minutes. Okay that's cool, 15 minutes comes around still waiting, 20 minutes still waiting. When we finally get seated we realized that there were SOOOO many tables open? Soooo why was there a wait? Any who.. Our server Laura, idk what was up with her. She just always took FOREVER with EVERYTHING! Idk if it's cause she was busy or what. She asked for our drinks, I told her what I wanted. Took forever. When she finally came back she stopped in her tracks and did the body language of "Oh crap I totally forgot her drink". On the other hand, all of our food was good. My sister swears by the Veggie Burger - she loves it, I had the Southern Fried Chicken Littles, and my other 2 friends ordered the Mahogany Wings. However, my friend also ordered the Hot Crab Dip. The French baguettes were inedible. Really hard and had so much different seasoning on it, looked scary to eat.I used to love going to The Brewery because I like their sushi. But my last couple experiences there were terrible. The food was still fine but the service was a disgrace. Last night, it was dead inside but my two friends and I still had to wait 10 minutes for the waitress to come bring us menus. It took 10 minutes to get a glass of wine. I also had to walk up to the bar to place an appetizer order because our waitress had disappeared for so long. This is not the first time service has been lackluster. Reluctant to go back..I love the layout of this place, it's got a little of everything - indoor and outdoor bars, dining area, stage where cover bands play, a dance floor, and my favorite part of all the sushi bar!  Believe it or not, the sushi here is AMAZING!  You can't go wrong with sushi chef ED, i love all the specialty sushi rolls here (just had the sea roll last night and it was delicious!) and the sashimi platter is awesome too.  The food otherwise at the brewery is so-so in my opinion, but can't beat the beer of course, my fav is the schuylkill punch (which goes great with the sushi :))  This is a chill place to go any night of the week, something for everyone!This is a great place to bring visitors to Manayunk. We've been to it a few times now, and it's growing on us each time.
It's nice that they offer sushi, though, a little out of place with the other food options. SADLY, they removed the mashed potato pizza from their menu, and I was very disappointed last time when it wasn't available.
BEER is obviously a highlight of this place, and I really enjoy the Nocturnum beer when it's available. The Monk from the Yunk is also nice. Really, this place is all about the beer, so try a sampler and get food if you really have to, it's a little expensive.
Check it out!I've been here many times; usually I have a decent experience and enjoy the food & drink, but on my most recent visit, the service is what really ruined my dinner. I enjoyed my burger and my cocktail, but a server spilled someone else's cup of au jus (from a roast beef sandwich) all over me. He initially had no idea what he did, so I spoke up and asked for napkins/help cleaning up. He never even apologized. I asked to speak to the manager and I told her what had happened. She told me that my meal would be comped...however upon receiving the bill there was just a discount.Typically have great things to say about this place. From the sushi to the pizza oven to the nice brewed brews. Overall solid place, typically a beautiful environment with beautiful souls. Well, that narrative changed in an instance. I learned a big lesson about this staple of a spot in Manayunk. DO NOT USE A STALL IN THE RESTAURANT AFTER MIDNIGHT TO GO TO THE BATHROOM. GO NUMBER TWO ELSEWHERE (still not sure where that elsewhere place would be- don't hesitate to answer in the comment section below) After having used the relief station for the sake of using the restroom I was approached by a bouncer in the bathroom and told "we have a no drugs policy". That's great to hear and I fully support the healthy life choice of saying no to drugs. I passed my 6th Grade D.A.R.E class, which had a large impact on my life and continue to live by those teachings of Officer Winters. I learned a few tidbits of information. On average (depending on the drug), using drugs can take away AT LEAST 5-6 years off your life. It's studies like that make you realize the magnitude of doing drugs. They aren't anything to mess with. 5 years...that's a long time. That's over 1.5 MILLION SECONDS. A LONG TIME. If I had a dollar for every one of those seconds I'd be a millionaire. Anyways, I digress. So I'm fully on board, fully support the no drug policy. That's phenomenal. And was asked to leave then and there while I was washing my hands due to using the stall for its purpose (number 2). Yes, I understand that midnight may be a weird time to use the stall for its actual purpose when everyone is letting their stream flow but goodness gracious that I have to go number 2 and have to be punished for doing so because it means "I'm doing drugs". Apparently number 2 is the equivalent of doing drugs. Maybe my form of sitting on the toilet is not proper and I have been doing it wrong for the majority of my life. Or maybe, just maybe, this is not a place to feel comfortable to use the stall as a reasonable means of going to the bathroom. The possibilities are endless for what people can/ will do in a stall- fair. After all, humans often push the potential and always figure out new ways to utilize tools ( a stall is very much a useful tool). It's how we have evolved and became the beautiful creatures, the homo Sapiens, that we are today. Thank goodness for the homo habilis primate species (meaning "handy man") that evolved over 2 million years ago for being the first species to use tools as a means of improving their life. If you have time to do research on that, I thoroughly suggest to do so! But my point is, humans will always push the envelope. I wish I was pushing the envelope and thinking of the new way to properly use a stall in a restroom (up to this restaurant's standards) but I was simply, unfortunately, using it for its original purpose (the bathroom). It's all hearsay at this point, my word vs. the bouncer. Yup, I get that. But instead of marginalizing the second way people can use a bathroom (meaning the way other than urinating), have some common sense. The bouncers and staff always keep the place safe (so thank you for continuously making the environment a safe place to wind down after a long week- I mean that). HOWEVER, let's take it down a notch and use common sense before our testosterone/ aggression takes over and you try to over power a restroom needy person because they ate food 6 hours before and have a digestive system different than most people. So all in all, DON'T USE THE STALL FOR ANYTHING OTHER THAN LETTING THE STREAM FLOW BECAUSE APPARENTLY IF YOU DON'T JUST USE THE BATHROOM TO PEE, IT MEANS YOU ARE DOING DRUGS. IF YOU DO DRUGS YOU LOSE 5 YEARS OF YOUR LIFE. PUT THE DOTS TOGETHER. DRUGS ARE BAD BUT USING THE STALL AT THIS RESTAURANT IS EVEN WORSE.My favorite patio in Manayunk. Awesome beer selection! Always a fun crowd. Food is great for a brew house. Indoor and outdoor seating which is nice.Great location, good service, bad bad food. Worst fried calamari i've ever had...The beer is typical of brewery brews. A nice variety including fruity brews.  Thee service for food was a bit slow. They got our orders mixed up as well too. Waitress was personable at least.  The crab dip was mostly cream/ cheese.  Almost no crab. Salads were quite tasty though they were small - closer to appetizer size.Typical Manayunk experience. Terrible service,  suspect bar tending, early 20 somethings hangout. The outdoor area is great but every time it seems the waiting staff just seems to ruin the experience. It's a brew pub -- the beer should be good...often, not the case.
Collar poppers, yuppies, bros, underclassmen, and daddy's credit card holders...this is your place!We were excited to go here for dinner with another couple because my husband and I met had originally met here. The atmosphere is nice. The menu looked great but the food was disappointing. Two of us ordered pizzas that were both overcooked and lacked flavor. The service was also so so. The waitress was friendly but not attentive. Silverware was dirty.Pros: Beer is pretty tasty.  Huge place with a great deck on the Schuykill River in the summertime.  Nice atmosphere with exposed brick from the Mill the place used to be.  Can be a good place to eat in Manayunk for a big crowd.  Usually some fun bands or DJs upstairs on the weekend.  So, it can be one of the only places to dance in Manayunk on the weekend.  (Aside from Kildares...)  Cons: Typical Manayunk crowd.  Despite it's size gets pretty packed on the weekends and can have trouble getting a beer.  Food is only OK to good.  Gets about 3 1/2 stars!Went here last night for the first time. They had some fantastic beers! (I personally got the Monk from the Yunk and a Porter). The burger was fantastic and the ambiance was great.
When we went last night it was $10 burger night. So we got to piece together any burger you wanted for a very decent price. The burger was great and they served sweet potato fries with it. 
The ambiance is pretty cool. Since it floods every other day, it's cool to see that almost everything in the restaurant can be cleared out quickly. The walls are just brick and concrete and art of famous musicians line the walls. Overall, this is a great place to go just to grab a bite to eat or bring guests if you're looking to impress.
Again, this was the first time I've gone but it definitely won't be the last!