So glad this spot is open late on a Saturday night. We shared a dessert that was outstanding.   Strawberry and mango with mango ice cream and lychee jelly.  Highly recommended and was almost too good to share!  But, we did.Mango Mango is a really hip dessert place on Cherry Street. When we arrived on a Sunday night over Memorial Day weekend, the place was nearly empty when we left about 30 minutes later it was packed!
We ordered the Mango Mango Combo A - Special mango juice sago & pomelo with mango ice cream, snow white juice with mango & black rice & mango mochi. This was really, really good. I never had black rice and it went really well with the other flavors. The other was the Green Tea Mille Crepe, which was also very good. They don't have coffee and such but they do have excellent teas.  
4 solid Yelp stars.Manager or the owner of this place, this is probably the favorite desert place in Phily, I have been there more times I can count, and I always order the combo B and sometimes I change the Mango banji to durian banji and add one additional dollar, however this time I came they said they never do that for any of the customers, so please, take the business seriously, I'm willing to add money and what's the reason for forbidden dian this action?They just had their grand opening in Chinatown. I ordered the taro ball with herbal jelly, the make your own waffle and the Ube soup with sago and rice ball. It was my first time trying the last dessert and it was pretty good! (It was warm and had a thick texture to it. Not too sweet and not too bitter so it was perfect for me). The waffle was good it came with ice cream and fruits around it. Also the taro ball with herbal jellly was good too. 
I'm really glad they opened this location in Phl Chinatown because we were lacking in more dessert places! 
One suggestion to have is to get another system going. I see some people waiting to get a table and some just ordering food to go. Maybe consider having a booth where you seat people at the front of the entrance. I felt very rushed and it seemed disorganized because the servers were running around trying to accommodate everyone. They seemed pretty overwhelmedI have to say this is one of the best place to have dessert if you don't care the price. All desserts are delicious and look good for IG upload. If you have few people you can order set dessert to share. This allows you to try different types and cost less.I was absolutely delighted when I saw Mango Mango open up shop here.  I've been to the one in NYC before and was so chagrined there wasn't one here.  Despite its location down a small side street, it definitely isn't lacking for business.   It replaced Fruit Life and kept most of the interior the same.  In fact, the mural of Hong Kong on the wall was preserved, as was the mural of people eating under umbrellas painted with a "Mango mango" logo.  
My favorite aspect here is the fresh fruit they use for their drinks.  In fact, there are probably more boxes of fresh mangos here (stashed discreetly underneath the staircase) than at the Chinese grocery store across the street where these mangos are likely from (note the telltale purple boxes match the Chinese grocery store's mango boxes).  That being said, the prices aren't terribly cheap.  One Snow White Mango Slush will cost you $5.  That said, the mango tastes so fresh and smells so fragrant that you literally gladly hand over your money.  Mango Mango sort of borrowed from Fruit Life in the sense that they made themselves a sit-down place, which is nice in some way, but you can be stuck waiting for service or someone to notice you when they're busy.  And they do get busy.  On a Saturday evening, you could be waiting 30 minutes just to take one of these fresh mango drinks to go and probably even longer for a table to open up.
Despite those minor drawbacks, I can't wait for my next trip here again.I'm always down to try new dessert places in Chinatown as they make me so nostalgic of Asia, and this place was no different. The decor is cute there are enough tables for small and large groups. 
We went mid afternoon and the place was pretty empty, but quickly got crowded not long after. 
We ordered, you guessed it, mango. We got the mango and pomelo with sago and ice cream and the mango with glutinous rice balls and ice cream. Both were delicious and great for cooling down after walking around. 
Although I see that people have said stuff about service, I personally didn't have any problems. I think in general Asian places don't really have an in your face service as the norm. If you need something let them know.I love mango, and I love dessert. This place is like heaven to me. Besides, the taro balls and mille crepes are snatched.The mango mille crepes is awesome. Definitely get this. It's served with chunks of fresh and sweet mango. Really refreshing. The matcha one is ok, you can pass on this one. We were around 2, I wanted the motchi but I was told it is available at 3. I also wanted the black sesame paste dessert but it's not available. Very disappointed .
The mango pocket is basically abig chunk of mango and whipped cream wrapped in a crepe. It's ok, nothing special.
Next time I want to try the shaved ice.Ummm NEW FAV place! I'm so happy to have stumbled upon this gem. I was originally just going to get a bubble tea at tea do, but got distracted by this place and ended up getting a massive mango shaved ice and a matcha millicake. Everything was sooo good, it reminded me just like home. I love everything about this place, from interior design, their advertisements, to their actual dessert. I live an hour from here and i only came here twice this month. YUUSS cheers to mango mango. You will definitely see me here again soon. I've also tried the matcha ice cream waffle sandwich, that was pretty good as well. I was low key hoping the waffles are the actual Belgium waffles though. Those super sweet ones. But it was still delicious. Tip: if you get the mango shaved ice, you probably can't finish it by yourself! LOLI will give them 3 stars because while our desserts were delicious, it took an hour for us to get to try them! We were seated very quickly despite it being a busy night which i'm thankful for. But the desserts we ordered were very simple so i'm a but confused as to why it took so long for us to receive them. We did enjoy them a lot though and will likely be back. Hopefully next time we aren't waiting quite as long!Mango Mango was probably one of the best surprises I've had recently. They even had durian ice cream, which was absolutely my number one favorite flavor. Unfortunately, durian is an acquired taste and not too popular among Americans therefore it can be a real challenge to find.
Some of the items I've had here included Snow White mango slush, ube with rice ball, sesame with rice ball, egg pudding, triple ice cream which I opted for coconut, durian and mango. I've also had an order of banana-Nutella crepe, which was pretty amazing. The only downside was that it was pricey, not by much compared to other dessert places, but it was on the higher ends.
Overall, there were enough varieties here to please everyone and their service was also friendly and effective. I would come back many more times to try all their items. Bring friends here so you can share each other's dessert. Recommended!Cutesy dessert place featuring mango style desserts along with some other non-mango desserts. The mango desserts include mango ice cream and mango shaved ice, although on the occasion that we were there, they ran out of the mango ice cream which was a major component of their mango desserts. 
The mango shaved ice is not the typical condensed milk shaved ice that I was expecting from Taiwan, and much less flavorful, so I was a bit disappointed to be honest. There was a large serving size though -- definitely enough to share with 4 people -- for a price of about $13.  
If you happen to sit on the left side of the restaurant right under the air vents, make sure to bring a jacket. It gets pretty cold there. 
Another important thing to note: cash only for purchases under $15.The Philadelphia location is just as consistently good as when I first went in NYC. I'm a fan of any of their desserts with mango, particularly the mango shaved ice (it's large! Would recommend sharing it with at least one friend, maybe 2). Having acquired a taste for durian, I went again recently to try their durian bowl, but was disappointed that the durian chunks were frozen which I felt distorted the taste and made it considerably less appealing than how durian usually tastes. Would not recommend.We loved the dessert here. We tried the mango mango combo B and it was really tasty. Will be back again to try different ones. Loved it...Beautiful presentation. Yummy deserts 
They have both sweet and savory. The mango deserts were amazing. My friends create your own crepe was awesome. I had the matcha Mille. Crepe layer cake. Not as sweet but so yummy! The layers were amazing! I could taste the crepe in between each layer. Can't wait to go back and try something new!!I came here with my coworker last week and ordered an ice cream type of dessert and a watermelon slush. I thought the ice cream was good, with a hint of what tasted like durian but was supposedly vanilla. Chocolate syrup was a good treat since I was craving some. When I tried the watermelon slush, I didn't expect for the watermelon itself to be so unripened. Tasted as if the watermelon was not ready to cut open and needed more time to ripen. I'm that type of person who likes it very ripe and fresh! I know some people do not mind it, however. I guess my expectation for that comes with the fact that it was hot that day and I always feel that watermelon slush or smoothies should be sweet and refreshing. I think this place is mostly best known for their other desserts, and not the watermelon slush or their sundae-types of desserts. I will HAVE to come back for something that has mangos in it! Especially since I do see they have stacks and stacks of fresh champagne mangoes in their restaurant. So my advice is people should probably for the stuff on the first two pages of the menu for sure! Doesn't hurt to try it all. I thought the service was very good, and the waitress was very attentive and kind. Even though what I previously ordered wasn't meeting my expectations, I'd definitely come back for other things because they have such a very interesting menu.Don't try comparing this to the New York chains as this is way off. Although they have the same menus, the atmosphere was so different. This place was empty when we got here so I thought that it would be fast enough so we decided to do to go. But noooo... waited more than 15 minutes for freaking mochis. The guy making it was grunting while beating on the food. The kicker was the lids... oh boy! We were struggling to poke the straw through the hole (Imagine opening capri sun with a gummi worm). After the struggle, the drink was all over and we had to go back to wash our hands. GET BETTER TO GO CUPS.Walking into this place I had no idea it would be a sit down restaurant. Da fuqs. Anyway, I ordered the first thing on the menu which was basically a mango smoothie in a bowl with ice cream, mango chunks and these tiny clear ball things called sago. Oh and a sprinkle of pomelo citrus giblets lol. They ran out of mango ice cream (you're a mango dessert place I feel like you should never run out of that??) so I got coconut. It was weird bc the smoothie/sago pudding mixture was lukewarm and the ice cream was cold.. I wish it was all cold. It was good but nothing out of this world you need to eat right away.Durian Pochette is good however it could have been better if the outside was soft to how I had it when Fruit Life was still open.Got robbed in broad daylight here! Sat down to get a bowl of mango sago dessert, the dessert itself was alright but the mango was a bit sour. The bowl cost $6.50 and only when I was ready to pay did they tell me that the minimum for card purchases is $15!!! I had no cash on me so had no choice but to order more stuff to get the total to $15. I ordered the mango pancake to get my total up to $13 something thinking that including tips it would get me over $15 but the staff again refused to take my card, saying that the tip could not be included in the total, so again I was forced to order another item, (I eventually chose mango mochi) in order to be able to pay and leave. Ended up spending $21 including tip and tax. 
I believe that the minimum for card purchases is WAY too high for a store that sells relatively cheap food. For reference, the bubble tea store next door only requires $5 minimum for card purchases. Also, staff should inform customers before they order that the card minimum is that high so they aren't trapped and forced to order half the menu in order to be able to leave if they don't have cash.Great desserts. Came with the whole family and ordered three different one - mike crepe, mango sago and mango pancake.  We love all three. Highly recommend if you love mangos.Nice place to hangout especially in the summer. Who can resist the freshness of mango in the summer time??
We tried their mango mille crepes and greentea mille crepes. Mango taste better greentea. I had once tried thier pancakes, it basically only fruit and whipped cream wrapped. I will be back to try thier shaved ice and durian bowlI like it but it could do better than that. 
1. Their hot sweet soup is not sweet at all (Super light, for the healthy side, yes. Tasty side no. I prefer a bit sweeter.
2. Since it's not cheap 6 to 8 bucks but it's not enough stuff in it. For instance: the red bean it barely in it. It's a joke, cuz I hardly seen any red bean in the soup, 87% is liquid.
3. It close at 1AM but around 11:59PM it do not except customer sit at the top floor table anymore. Closing (for cleaning) way too early, not cool.This place was amazing!!!! I got a personal waffle with Nutella, strawberry, banana, and vanilla ice cream. It tasted great! The only thing was that the Nutella was actually chocolate syrup. The waffles were also good but I wish they were jussssst a tad bit softer! Other than that everything was great and the ambiance of the place is super cute and hip :)Much better than fruit life, I mean the taste.  But service may need some improvement, came in opening day, too many people and people there seems don't know how to deal with it. Wait time is long but still acceptable to me, will recommend because it's so hard to find a desert place in philly.I went to this place last week, to be honest this is the best place for dessert in philly!!! First, all the dessert are fresh fruit -- second, decorate is pretty(look at The pic) -- third, actually will be slow a bit for serve, but we can think about, why will be this happen, BECAUSE THIS PLACE IS GREAT AND A LOT OF PPL COME IN!!!
Waste a bit time for this!!! IS WORTH IT!!!!!!!!!It's been a couple times here. Desserts are pretty fresh and good! I love the Durian crepe here, it taste better than the green tea one! Definitely will order it again! My girl order the strawberry waffle with ice cream which looks very nice but the waffle is not that good. But we still will come back for the fruit desserts.The interior is so classy! I love how it sort of brings me back to the busy shopping strips in Singapore or something. We got A1 and A3. Love how the pomelo compliments the mango and snow ice dessert. Definitely coming back if I feel like getting a light cold dessert over the summer.This place is really good. I ordered the Taro ball dessert and mango sago with coconut juice, both are very authentic. The taro ball dessert reminds me of Taiwan. I would give it a 5 stars if it's more organized. The layout of the dessert place could improve a lot by moving the front desk to the front. It doesn't seem to make sense to have the front desk all the way in the back, and customers are lining up there to get to-go dessert. We felt really rushed as we were sitting there because we were surrounded by so many people. Other than that, I would definitely recommend this dessert place!Place is big, chic, opened til late - great place to hang and enjoy some delicious desserts! Tried a few of the Snow White drinks and they're delicious. They have plenty of dessert options aside from mango as well. Would recommend checking this place out!The mango shaved ice literally did not have a taste... It didn't taste like anything.Haven't had taro balls for a while, so I came here. It was good. The pancake with durian ice cream was so so.Well light, modern decor. Excellent service. Very sweet mango. Music is a limitless loud.Came here and ordered the waffle with Nutella, strawberry, banana, & coconut ice cream. While there's was really no one in the store it took 15-20 minutes for it come out. When we finally did get it the waffle was slightly undercooked, the Nutella was chocolate syrup, and there was no banana. The store also did not offer to refund the order. Unfortunately I cannot recommend going here.Visiting from Cali, and unfortunately there is no Mango Mango in Cali, because if there was this would be a spot I'd frequent all the time. Sooo good! Tried their Snow White- mango juice with sago and pomelo with ice cream. Oh emm gee delicious... My brother was hesitant about it, but as soon as he had some he loved it too...and trust me, that says something, as he can be pickier than I. Planning to go back and have some more before my trip is over. Check this place out!This place is so nice; you have to say it twice. (I'm so sorry I'm corny)
Stopped by one late night and we got mango w/ sago and herbal jelly. The mango "pancake" which was soooo good, it's like a dumpling but thin layer and filled with whip cream/cream cheese and fresh mango! We also got the Green tea mille crepe, this was my first time having it so I don't haven anything to compare it to but the match they use was a bit bitter. 
Service was fast and friendly, and everything came out pretty fast. Nice place to come and share a bunch of dishes and hang out. I will def return!This is a GREAT place to come after a meal with friends. The price is just right for most items, and the desserts taste fresh and great! They aren't too sweet and definitely not overpowering. The interior design is trendyand great for pictures. The place is understaffed, so the workers were rushing around (so if you need a job apply)! The seating was SUPER tight and uncomfortable. Otherwise, the place is somewhere I'd definitely come back to!Came here with family and ordered a ton of dessert to share. I loved the Snow White mango slush and the mango juice sage, both were sweet without being too overly powering. The mango slush is a coconut mango mix that I really enjoyed the taste of. The mango sundae was also a hit, the ice cream was delicious and the mangoes were divine. We also got the mango shaved ice which ended up being a lot bigger than we anticipated and we weren't able to finish! There was a bit too much shaved for our liking. The red bean slush was just ok. Overall, I would come back again for the Snow White slush!
Also, if you're not a fan of durian, this place might not be for you. My aunt hates durian and she could smell it as soon as she walked in.Visited here on Saturday night. I had a mango juice with sago and herbal jelly, which is pretty good. My friend wanted to get the matcha mille crepe but it run out. So he ordered the durian one, which is surprisingly smooth and rich! I think the place is a tad over-priced, but since this is the only authentic Hong Kong style dessert place, I will probably come back very often.Good concept, terrible business model and execution. I don't think the staff there understand what customer service entails. Aside from the fact 60% of the menu items were unavailable to order because the employee mumbled that they ran out of ingredients or the machine is broken, the quality and taste of the dessert was mediocre at best.I am SO happy there is a mango sago dessert place here in Philly now! I absolutely love these Cantonese styled desserts and was so excited to see a new place open up to diversify Philly's dessert scene. I had really high expectations, and the interior is beautifully decorated - open, modern, seating both upstairs and downstairs. But it was a bit confusing. To begin, there was no hostess stand, but a line of people waiting for the cashier in the back. I assumed that's where you go to order, but after we ordered and asked where we could sit, the lady said we did it wrong and that we had to sit down before ordering if we wanted to eat there. So, FYI - the line in the back was for to-go orders only. 
The menu itself is extensive. It offers a lot of flavors and different add-in's and combos. It was an impressive selection. I ordered the mango puree juice with mango, sago (which are little translucent tapioca pearls, much different than the tapioca that goes into bubble tea), and pomelo (which is a type of citrus fruit and they separate the cells of citrus. This is the traditional, baseline dessert that is most common in Hong Kong. When we got the order, I was mildly disappointed. It was mainly just the juice. There wasn't much sago or pomelo like there's supposed to be. You had to really fish around the juice to find the pieces. Otherwise, it was still a good dessert and great way to satisfy a sweet tooth.
The service was just okay. I get that they just opened so they're still trying to figure it out but I was really confused about the whole order / sitting down situation and wish they had a hostess stand in the front OR had all the ordering by the cashier and we could just wait for the dessert and seat ourselves. 
All in all, the experience and food was just okay. I'm really glad there's a mango sago dessert place here in Philly and hope everyone tries it out! This would be cute for an after-dinner date idea or just a casual place to hang out with friends.Dessert concept familiar in NYC and Philly, Boston. We came in 10:30 sat night and lucky we had the table right away. After us, a few group had to wait like 10-15min. I had papaya, fungus and almond cold soup, then hot tea pot (rose black tea, the tea fragrant is pretty), and Mango sago with pomelo + durian on a side since I'm a big fan. It's delicious, though it's not on the menu, durian on a side is $1.50 extra. 
My man has crepe with fruit and green tea ice cream. Looking nice for  picture and taste yummy too, not too sweet that's a plus. 
Our bill come out $28 and change. Love it, cheap for a dessert party of twoMango Mango is the paradise land to all the mango lovers everywhere that we never knew we needed. 
I am super excited that more Asian dessert places are finally coming to Philly, as I feel like they've been in New York for the longest time. Mango Mango offers a modern, yet universally palatable approach. While many of their menu items include mangoes, there are a few that do not for any non-mango lovers. I have noticed that there aren't quite as many options at the Philly location as they do in New York, so if you're expecting the same menu, you will be disappointed. 
The desserts are still delicious. I love that they have low sweet to very sweet options that can truly appeal to all palates and ages. I haven't tried anything that I didn't like here. Personally, I must say that the drinks fall on the almost too sweet side for me, so I would be careful, but it was tasty!Mango is really in season and things are really sweet! Have to say i thought it was a bit pricey, but it was worth a try. Order the mango combo. Which had assorted mango dishes such as mini rice ball with mango juice. Mango ice cream with lychee jelly and mango mochi. The mochi was soft and really rich. The mochi inside tasted sour compared to the other mango outside of the mochi. Maybe because the mochi part was warm when making the mochi? My husband order the mango pomelo with mango juice and sago. Delicious !I have been to the NYC locations and never been disappointed. One of my favorite places to get dessert. 
My recommendations: Mango mille cake, Durian mille cake, Coco mille cake, Mango juice with mango ice cream - everything is heavenly! I'll try the Matcha mille cake next!This is my go to dessert place in Philly. The mango desserts and red bean desserts are very refreshing without being too sweet. The crepe cakes, especially the matcha one, is very comparable to the lady M green tea crepe cake. I'm eager to try out almost everything on the menu. It's great place to hangout with friends. Three things that can be improved - 1) the service is a little slow. Be prepared to wait for 20+ minutes for your order.  2) they don't accept credit card for less than $15. 3) it would be great if they could offer some board games here.One of the few, if not only, sit-down dessert placed in Chinatown! This place is always popping, so expect a wait, but turnover is quick; we've never had to wait more than 10 minutes. Cute, clean, but slightly disorganized/inefficient service. Also, they frequently run out of items by night time, so come early! 
They have a mix of Asian/Hong Kong style desserts, along with plain ice cream options for those not interested. Of course, as with the name, anything with Mango here is quite delicious. Tip: their shaved ice is huge (much larger than pictured on the menu!), and can feed about 4 people.Stumbled across this place looking for another place. Loved everything about this place. The atmosphere, seating, and mural on the wall, the staff and lastly the desert we amazing. My new fave is the coconut ice cream...heavenly!!!!Ordered and waited for 30mm later, the place was not super busy, until the other two groups came after me got all their orders, so I asked about mine, she said she didn't know. And she asked did you order? And then they asked each other like they seem to forget about my order or might never placed my order. Really? How come you serviced the people came after the table that came in and don't even check on us. No thank you!!! By then I am just leaving... I have no time to wait for that kind of service. And I won't be back. No thank you!Have been to many other locations of mango mango, this one had very disappointing service despite being less busy than other one's i have visited. Their desserts were equally delicious though. Would recommend getting A.6! The dish comes with mangos, rice balls, mango ice cream, and mango juice. Surprisingly, the dish is very filling and i think thats probably due to the rice balls.They always use fresh mangos for their desserts, and the presentation is beautiful! I have had the mango ice cream with waffles and Nutella, very good; as well as the mango slushy which tastes like fresh sweet mango without anh artifical sugary taste. Location is in China Town close to all other restaurants, and the seating is spacious and usually there is minimal wait times!Mango Mango is open late and has two levels of seating for dine in. 
Everything on the menu looked and sounded wonderful. However, the mango crepe cake is UNICORN GOLD CRACK. 
My friend and I were so obsessed with this cake we asked the extremely friendly staff approx 500 questions about it. 
The cake is thin fluffy cloud crepes layered with mango cream topped with mango sauce and fresh mangos. 
I selfishly don't even want to tell you how good it is because I want it all to myself... so here's to being a good sport.I was really excited when my wife and I ran into this place in Chinatown after a family dinner. This review is solely based on our customer service experience. 
Upon arriving, we initially were planning on getting our order to-go. After glancing over the menu, we decided that we wanted the mango shaved ice, which was only available for dining-in. So we told the staff that we would be dining in now. We were promptly seated at 750pm and the place was quite busy. After some waiting, we were finally able to flag down a staff member to put our mango shaved ice order in. Unfortunately, she informed us that the shaved us is not available. We then opted for the mango waffle ice cream sandwich, which she told us that waffle ice cream sandwich would take 15-20 minutes. We didn't feel like waiting too long, so we opted for the Strawberry Mango Juice Sago & Lychee Jelly with Mango Ice Cream. We placed that order at 8PM. After about 20 minutes, we still didn't get our simple order. I was perplexed as nothing in our order required to be cooked. A group of three customers were seated next to us and they placed an order for (x2 teas + x2 ice creams). After contemplating walking out, our server finally brings us our order at 835pm. Less than five minutes later, the table that was just seated gets their complete order! I was so confused and quite disappointed at the customer service. All the staff members tend to hide behind the counter and avoid customer contact/interaction. 
The dessert we ordered was good, but it didn't warrant a 30+ minute wait. The staff didn't apologize or give any reasoning to the long delay for our order. They need to have more experienced staff members or at least a supervisor/manager on site to ensure smooth operations.Love this place so much! It's my third time here and I still have no complaints. All three of my experiences were amazing. 
The first time I was here, the told me their mangoes were a little sour that day, so I might want to avoid anything mango related, which is 90% of their menu. I think that was a really good gesture because they could've not told you and made more profits. But instead, they were very honest even though it may mean that they will have less business that day. 
Anything mango related are really good. I especially enjoyed their sago in mango. The mango ice cream isn't that special, so I would prioritize other desserts. When pairing mango with grass jelly, it has a really good taste so would also recommend that!Mango Mango is a cute little dessert shop in Chinatown right across from Bonchon and within walking distance from many of my favorite restaurants. I'm a fan of their interior decor - a blend of modern vibes (with wall murals) and Japanese shows on the big screen TV.
A bit on the expensive side but you can also get combos. All their desserts look amazing though. The durian crepe is pretty good. We tried the Ube soup with sago and rice balls but were disappointed, kind of bland.We've been to the location in Edison in addition to this, and this one doesn't have as much of the durian smell when you enter. It's also got a nice setup inside, with an upstairs loft that overlooks the first floor.
Food-wise, the menu's exactly the same. Their water tastes like they might put some lemon in it or something, which I liked. The desserts came out pretty quickly, but the mango didn't taste as good this time around. I remember it tasting sweeter last time. Also, I was expecting mango ice cream in the dish, but it tasted more like durian. I didn't mind that all too much, though.
On the other hand, my wife got the snow white juice (coconut juice) with black rice, and that was really tasty! I would get that again in the future. We went for a combo, so it came with some mochi too, but that was less remarkable.BEWARE! Minimum $15 to use debit/credit card! 
Food: their menu is huge and I was a bit overwhelmed with the choices. The mango icecream was not sweet at all. I believe it's because they make their own icecream, due to the boxes and boxes of mangoes near the counter. There is also an option to make your own crepe/waffle. 
Price: my dessert was $6.50 and wasn't a small serving so it was good enough. 
Place: they have a take out and dine in option. Some objects are not available unless you dine in. 
Service: service was very good. Our server was just dozing off a bit but she was still nice and she tried to be attentive.Desserts are delicious! We loved the mango grapefruit cups! So fresh and sweet! Will definitely come back again. Thank you!I was craving something fruity in Chinatown and something that had fruit right in its name seemed to be the obvious choice. I've been to this place since it was Fruit Life and enjoyed it since. This hit the spot but sometimes the food is only as good as it's service. Unfortunately, the waitresses were not very attentive and I stayed there longer than I anticipated. The dessert was still exceptional but I've come to desire it less after each visit. Overall, come for the specific desire of fruity desserts.Nice place, friendly servers, however, I was really disappointed with the Sesame paste which I had pretty high hope for. The paste was tasteless and not as thick as it should be.
The desserts my friends had were alright
 Nothing special
I'm probably not coming backI've been wishing for a mango dessert shop since first discovering these places in Asia and was so excited to find one in Philly! I've been here a couple of times and have tried variations of the mango desserts, the mango crepe, and the sesame paste soup. My favorite that I've tried thus far is the Mango Dessert with Glutinous Rice Balls, Mangos, and Mango Ice Cream. It's very refreshing and I love the different textures with the chewy rice balls, the soft mangos, and the creamy ice cream on top of sweet and icy mango slushee. The crepe cake is okay - the mango and the creme flavors don't sit too well with me. The sesame paste soup is good for a cold day since it comes warm, but the one that I tried wasn't mixed well and the first few sips tasted extremely watery and flavorless until we realized the paste had settled to the bottom.
Overall, I'm a big fan of the mango desserts and will definitely be back for more (try the other desserts at your own risk). They only take card for orders of $15 or more. With most of the selections at $7 or less make sure to bring a friend or bring cash.I been this place for many time, but since last time I was little upset about the hot soup( mo mo cha cha),it feels like they just add hot water and sugar to it, after today I'm done with this place, so disappointed. I gave one star because of the good service.Mango's are by far my favorite fruit and when I saw this place had opened up, I ruined my competition prep and had to try it. Oh man, it did not disappoint. Everything was beyond fresh and felt so refreshing and light. I tried a few things here and it was heaven
White snow ice with mangoes, mango ice, red bean, and some jelly. Had my first bite, and I couldn't stop. I even got brain freeze a few times but devoured the whole thing. Upon leaving, I really wanted to try the black rice, so I ordered the green tea smoothie with the red bean and black rice. Mmmm, drooling! It was so good, however, the black rice did get really hard/frozen fast. Not sure if this is preventable in the future (I guess drink faster and get more brain feezes? LOL)
I will certainly be back and try EVERYTHING else on the menu!Mango Mango is a 100% necessity especially because of the wonderful service provided by Cindy .Came here with friends for some dessert after brunch and wow. Was overwhelmed by the menu because I WANTED IT ALL!! The server was extremely polite and timid. Came and checked up on us to make sure we were okay a few times. It had two floors, very spacious. The restaurant was extremely clean. Would come again.Cute little dessert cafe in Chinatown. The name says a lot as there are a bunch of mango dessert options but there are plenty of other things without mango. 
They are open late on weekends which is nice if you are looking for a late night snack. Varied Asian specialty desserts and beverages to chose from. They also have crepes and waffles with ice cream for more mainstream options.This is the third time my hubby and I visit Mango Mango. So glad we discovered this place last year. They open late which really works for us. We usually stop by after a concert. Hubby loves the mango ice cream with fresh chunks of mango, strawberries and lychee. I tried different things every time. Loved the coconut juice with mango and black rice. Also tried the strawberry mango slushy - very refreshing. Next time must  try a durian dessert and anything with sago and red bean. The last visit, we actually had to wait in line, but it was worth it. They need to get more tables and chairs to fill the empty space as this place is getting popular and crowded. Can't wait to visit again.For what it's worth, Mango Mango boasts a skillfully designed, relaxing atmosphere and more importantly, an expansive menu with both dairy and non-dairy selections.  Came for dessert after a friend's birthday dinner and there was a big table calling our name.  Our party of five was seated right away and we took our time scanning the menu.  One of my friends was mulling over an option including durian, which is such an exotic fruit it is even banned in some countries, and because it's not commonly requested, the server was kind enough to bring a small dish of it for the entire table to sample.  Some didn't mind its semi-garlicky taste; I, however, was not a fan, so I settled on the vanilla sundae with strawberries, whipped cream, and chocolate syrup.  Everything about our experience was for the most part good, though my only gripe is that they have a $15 minimum if you pay with a card, so bring cash if you don't plan to spend that much!I went with a group of 6 on a Sunday night after dinner. It wasn't too crowded and we were seated right away. The ambiance is very kawaii- chic with lots of detailed decor. We ordered the Combo B which came with two of the bowls and the mango pancakes. We also ordered a side of mango mochi. The bowls come with a mango ice cream ( or sorbet?) which were very refreshing and delicious, and of course generously packed with mango cubes. The rice balls in one of the bowls were the star of the night, having a really nice chewy consistency. The mango pancakes were also very tasty, filled with a light cream that wasn't overly sweet, on top of a slice of mango, wrapped in a sort of sweet skin. The mango mochi was better than I expected. The mochi was very soft compared to other types of mochi I've tried, and each were filled with a cube of mango. It was such a unique combination of textures to me that worked well together! 
Our main takeaway from the night was that every dessert dish has FRESH mango in it. My friends kept raving about how sweet and juicy the mangoes were!!! Definitely enjoyed our experience and will be back!Super trendy dessert spot! Menu is colorful and appealing, tastes even better. Love the mango desserts. Great serviceThe best dessert place in philly
I went to here, got a [ special mango juice sago&pomelo, mini pudding and matcha Millie crepe ]
I like the design in this fancy place!!!
I want to recommend everyone come In to try!!!!
You will love itSuggestions: don't over order if you are not a dessert person! Otherwise you'll get tired of them and waste your money on the experience:)
I love durian, their durian pancake(durian crepe)I would recommend you to get if you love durian as well!
I'm not a big fan of green tea pancake(green tea crepe)!Wow, Chinatown has some of the best dessert spot in all of Philly, but this new one really takes the cake! If you don't like Mangos then don't go here, that's about all they do. Although if you do like Mangos then this place is a must!! 
They have Mango everything! Mango cake, mango icecream, drinks, everything you can think of. My friends and I tried some of these different things, and by far the best was the Waffle sandwich! Try it!!!Doesn't matter where I'm at but I must have dessert. Life is too short so must have my dessert.
The decor of the place was cute. It was very suiting to the title - all about mangos. The color is a yellow-ish orange color, of course mango theme. The menu is 80-90% mango because it's a mango dessert place, hence, the name. 
The food was okay. I had the mango smoothie cream drink and mango mochi. Both were lukewarm to me. The mango smoothie drink had mango hair/fuzz which made it a little challenging to drink because I had to pick it out every time it gets stuck between the teeth. It wasn't bad but there's a place back home called creations that has won my heart when it comes to mango drink and mango mochi.I like that this place is open late, when other dessert places after a night out are closed. This is a great place to introduce your friends to a one-stop tour of ingredients and creations in Asian desserts that you might not easily find elsewhere: liberal use of rice balls, nut and bean pastes, and tons of fruit (mostly mango, but also durian) in combinations such as soups and ice cream bowls and alongside piles of fruit, jellies, and tapioca. 
Waffles were okay. The mango juice and ice cream desserts with rice balls were good. The menu is extensive and there will probably be something for everyone.Summary: Still needs to work out their timing, very slow for their opening weekend. Located in Chinatown with limited parking
Came here around 1 on a Saturday on what I think is their opening weekend. It was fairly packed a d we had to wait 10 min for a table for 2.
We then waited 1 hour for our mango shaved ice. It was very good and luckily we didn't have anywhere to be. Not worth a 1 hour wait, so hopefully they work out their timing.
Mango shaved ice ~14.00 Definitely share this! mango shaved ice that was very smooth but mango flavor is not that strong by itself. Surrounded by mangos and rice balls, topped with mango ice creamIf I think back to my time abroad in Hong Kong, this place reminds me of all the small dessert shops there. Mango mango has a lot of what you expect from a Hong Kong style dessert shop. You have the juices in a glass, well in this case it's mostly mango, you've got ice creams, and you've got random pastries and desserts like mochi. I came here with a friend passing through the area in Chinatown, craving some dessert. It has a cute aesthetic on the inside, and it was packed full when we arrived.
We opted for the strawberry mango juice with sago and ice cream and a mango juice with sago and lychee jelly. Both were pretty great, nice and sweet. I really liked the mango juice with sago and lychee jelly, since all the flavors worked well. My friend enjoyed hers as well with the strawberry mango combo, but I wasn't a big fan of the strawberries personally. Also, both of us weren't a fan of the mango ice cream, had a different taste than what we were used to. Still, would definitely recommend for anyone with a sweet tooth, or just someone missing a nice Hong Kong style dessert.I'm such a fan of Mango Mango and their authentic Taiwanese desserts. My all-time favorites are the taro mochi (with taro, red bean, grass jelly, and boba oh my) and the hot redbean past soup with rice balls. If you're going to treat yourself to a calorie splurge, this is definitely the place to do it. The seating areas are always kept very clean and the staff is very attentive. Orders below $15 are cash only.The desserts were taste great! I am so obsessed with Mango, I love their Mango Pie. The Durian pie was also really good.