Well, we now have a new favorite place in Fairmount. We just enjoyed our first order from Mangia and we will be back very soon. The Sunday gravy and linguini scampi were incredible. We also had the garlic bread which was basically a giant pita and was great. To top it all off, we had a mom's lemon bar and that thing was awesome. The amount of food for the price was great and I already can't wait to try more of the menu.Yum! Welcome to the neighborhood, Mangia! Stopped by to pick up dinner for my family on the way home from work last night and was greeted by very friendly staff that suggested they will have the upstairs fully functional and family friendly soon :) Our food was great. We tried the chicken parm, gnocchi and mushroom agnolotti and enjoyed all three.Ordered Sunday gravy and Chicken Alfredo and it just was not edible. The Sunday gravy- very thick, dark, dark red and very acidic/bitter. The sausage was burned as was the sauce. It tasted like burned tomato paste. The Alfredo, tasted like bitter raw garlic with some cream. I have had better food at Olive Garden, yuck!Let me start by saying the food is EXCELLENT, dare I say some of the BEST Italian food in the city. If you are looking for authentic, homemade Italian dishes, look no further.
The reason I knock this place 3 stars is due to the total lack of communication/service when it comes to the seating upstairs. I went here with family and we were told to go upstairs and they would bring us our food. Cool, sounds good.
We get up there and one of the employees was sitting at one of the tables on his phone, drinking Dunkin Donuts coffee. We saw a pitcher of water, water glasses, silverware, and napkins on a side table. We weren't sure if he was going to set the table up for us, or if we do it ourselves. This guy didn't even look up to say hello, nothing. It was very uncomfortable and extremely unprofessional. I was shocked. This is a brand new establishment, do you not want to do everything you can to ensure new customers feel comfortable and serviced? We sat down for like 5 minutes and figured ummmm ok, I guess we just do this ourselves? This guy didn't even bother to look up at us as we were so obviously uncomfortable in setting the table ourselves.
I have a big Italian family and Italian food is their favorite cuisine, and this experience turned them off so much that they are saying they won't come back (despite LOVING the food!!). 
Mangia Macaroni, you've done the hard part! Your food is delicious! But if people aren't comfortable eating in your establishment (which should be the easy part), what is the point? 
I do not intend for this review to be interpreted as bashing -- far from it. This is constructive criticism as I truly want this place to succeed, and I'd love to bring my family back here if they can get it together. You need to have someone upstairs at all times serving your guests. If not, don't have someone up there on his phone, drinking coffee. It was truly one of the most unprofessional sights I have ever seen in a restaurant.What a great addition to the area!  The food is delicious.  The Sunday gravy is excellent.  Don't miss out.I've been in twice now. The first time to get a menu and the second time to order. To start the staff was extremely friendly and the ambiance is warm and comforting. Now on to the food! All I can say is the food is amazing! I got the make your own pasta with shrimp. I choose linguine with alfredo.The food was served in cute little take out cartons similar to the cartons used in Chinese restaurants. The salad was fresh and came with a simple dressing that had a wonderful flavor. The bread was served warm, which I always love, and was served with a herb butter. The pasta was fresh and the sauce was creamy deliciousness. The shrimp you can also tell was fresh and nicely sized. I can't say enough about this business. I'm excited for them to be in the neighborhood and intend to come back often!This place just opened and my girlfriend brought home takeout. I think I just had some of the best linguine scampi I've ever had. I'm pretty picky, and I thought it was perfect. Fresh, simple, and clean. Definitely one of the healthier scampis I've had. I'm impressed with this new little spot.Just phenomenal. I was not expecting this spot on Spring Garden to be so amazing but Mangia delivered. From the vegetarian pasta dishes to the cannolis this place is a must! I truly cannot wait to order more from here and hopefully remember to take a picture before I inhale this delicious Italian food completely! Reasonable prices especially since most pasta dishes come with bread and a side salad.This place really checks off all the boxes. Service, atmosphere, food. My husband and I both got the chicken parm and it was amazing. Excited to go back and try what else they have to offer.I'm giving them a 4 because I have been going here for a long time since their opening and am generally happy with my orders and this review is not representative of my overall experience...  I don't know what happened to this place lately, but over the last few months, I have seen the price of the food go up and the portions get smaller and smaller.  My order tonight was light as a feather and almost cold, probably because there isn't enough food in there to keep itself warm by pickup time.  This is the first time I have ordered from here where I was still hungry after eating their food.  The food tastes great and there are a lot of good options for dinner, at least that has not changed.  But after spending $17 for a single order, I would hope that I wouldn't be digging into my leftovers after one of these meals.  If this was my first time trying Mangia, I would have given a 2/5, but I'm giving them 4/5 because they are not deserving of a lower rating from me based on this one disappointing experience.  Bring back the old experience though!Fantastic little Italian BYOB restaurant in Fairmount area.    The porchetta and egg plant lasagna were delicious as well as the sides of bucatinni pasta, meatballs and garlic bread.   I understand they will be having full service shortly but it worked out well anyway since they bring the food upstairs for you.  Michelle was very friendly and the service was great.  The price is very reasonable.  Will definitely go again.If you're looking for quality Italian food that is very fair priced, this is the place for you. The only catch is that it is bring your own drinks (alcoholic beverages). Overall great food and even better service.
Highly recommend.Delicious food with generous portion size, a variety of menu options and friendly staff! There is also quite a selection of take home items to heat up or prepare yourself as well. I definitely plan to return.I have found a hidden GEM! A few friends and I were looking for good Italian food around us in North Philly, this was the first place that popped up, it had 5 stars and we gave it a shot. We walked up to it and immediately judged a book by its cover, we didn't really know what to expect. It wasn't the biggest most extravagant place, a little hole in the wall as a matter of fact, and no one else eating there, but wow when we got our appetizers we fell in love. The Brussels sprouts, garlic bread and SMOKED GOUDA MAC AND CHEESE were to die for. Every entree we got was delicious, I got the mushroom raviolis and they were like nothing I'd ever tasted before. So unique, delicious and filling enough for leftovers! There was no one else eating outside there on a Friday night and I'm just appalled. Even the desserts were amazing (cannolis ) the chef is incredible, he came out and said hello to us and was so accommodating. Please please PLEASE go and keep this incredible, authentic Italian restaurant in business!!!I was skeptical after years of disappointing food from Long River Chinese and the last place (a taco joint). There are now lots of great restaurants in this neighborhood, so I was hoping that the newest rendition was good. 
Went this week for dinner with a meat-eater and a vegetarian, and there were a lot of choices for everyone. 
Let me just say one word: DELICIOUS. Everything in this new BYOB was just delicious. 
The place is bright, clean, and friendly. 
The portions are big and the prices reasonable. 
It took a really long time to decide because there are so many choices of great-looking food. We ordered downstairs and had the food served in the upstairs dining room in a short amount of time. 
I wanted more of the tagliatelle primavera as soon as I finished it. Yum. The mushroom agnolotti I got a taste of was to die for! It was both creamy and nutty and tasted so fresh. 
The meat-eater loved the meatballs and Sunday gravy. 
The space upstairs is comfy, and I felt like I was in South Philly, not Spring Garden. 
We will be back, for sure, to mangia more of what this place has to offer. The third time is certainly a charm!neighborhood place
BYOB
good Value
servers were awesome
walk up stairs
portions were generous
Wheat Pasta
Vegan selections
had salads meal and dessert
Good coffee
safe area on spring garden street
not what we thought will be going back
Phil from PhillyMangia Macaroni just opened this week, and wow! What a great addition to the neighborhood. 
They are take out or eat in, and I suspect a lot of folks will do both. The pastas are homemade and delicious. 
I had the rigatoni with Sunday gravy, and it was wonderful. It came with a small side salad and a dinner roll and the roll was necessary because I was not letting any gravy go to waste. 
Service was super friendly and they were very into feedback. I will be back often!Really really solid neighborhood Italian spot. Their eggplant parm is delicious and the portion size is perfect. It comes with a little salad and bread as well. Everything is reasonably priced. I will definitely get food from here again and am happy to support a place like this!Don't get the make at home stuff. Got sick from their lasagna and it was basically just mush. Hardly any noodle.Ordered take out with my friends and everyone loved what they got! Our order was ready quickly, the staff was very attentive and welcoming and the amount of food for the price is awesome. Would definitely recommended Mangia!When we first started to order from this restaurant they had decent portions in the black or aluminum containers. Now with two full forks your salad is eaten. It's on a round container weighing a few ounces! The pasta comes in the white carton as well. The bread came with NO BUTTER, NO FLAVORED OILS. Just one small piece of DRY ASS BREAD!!!!!!! BUYERS BEWARE!!!! They must think people are STUPID not to know that SMALLER CONTAINERS mean SMALLER PORTIONS!!!! But you're CHARGING MORE!!! This is my last purchase from them.The food came on time and the pasta very good. The portion size is average. My only complaint was how basic the salad was - literally lettuce and a tiny side of Parmesan cheese. Otherwise, not bad!Honestly I was so excited to try this place specifically the  Sunday gravy. The only reason why I'm even leaving two stars is Bc the service was great, fast, and presentation of the food was nice. But man the meal was awful
And I am not a picky eater. The rigatoni was undercooked bad and the sauce was almost unbearable. Lacking flavor besides too much salt. I felt like I was eating a crushed salty tomato. I am not sure if I caught them on a bad day so I may try them in the future just a different meal, but I was just so disappointed.BEWARE OF ORDERING FOR DELIVERY FROM THIS RESTAURANT IF YOU DONT WANT TO BE EXPOSED TO COVID AND COVIDIOTS!!!
Like many people, I've been ordering dinners to be delivered to my home more than ever since the pandemic started last year, and of the many restaurants that I've ordered from, Mangia has the WORST record of drivers showing up without face masks on!
My delivery instructions are as clear as clear could possibly be - they read exactly like this:
"DRIVER MUST BE WEARING FACE MASK OR ORDER WILL NOT BE ACCEPTED!!! NO EXCEPTIONS - PERIOD!!!
Mangia will point the finger at Caviar, but as a recently retired owner/operator of my own business for 35 years, this how the Law exists when it comes to a business hiring a sub-contractor like Caviar:
The business that hires a sub-contractor is LEGALLY RESPONSIBLE for the actions of the sub-contractor while on the job just as much as it is LEGALLY RESPONSIBLE for direct employees actions while on the job!
But Mangia is refusing to credit me for a COVIDIOT driver who showed up without a face mask on. I told the COVIDIOT driver to read my instructions again and to take the order back.
I watched him walk down the narrow street that I live on towards his car and then went back into my house.
A short while later, I received a text from a neighbor letting me know that a delivery had been left on his doorstep.
Fortunately, it was trash night on my block so that's exactly where the trash "delivery" wound up- in a trash truck where it belonged the next morning.
When Mangia agreed to take my delivery order, it DE FACTO AGREED TO MY TERMS OF BUSINESS as clearly stated in my completely clear delivery instructions!
PE
I've tried to reach out to Mangia, but they prefer to live in hiding, something that they won't get away with.
The woman I spoke with when I called again a few days ago, claimed to not even know her own bosses name.
Sound suspicious- does anyone other than me find this nearly impossible to believe?
I have not received the phone call from the nameless boss that I was promised.
So I WILL BE SUING MANGIA IN SMALL CLAIMS COURT where Mangia will be required to be represented by a lawyer, but as an unincorporated individual, I won't be required to be represented by a lawyer.
Good luck, Mangia, in trying to find a half decent lawyer in this town that charges less than $400 per hour, and having done business with lawyers myself, I can guarantee you that this WILL NOT be a 1 hour job.
Add time off of work for a boss that DOES HAVE A NAME, and Mangia, YOU'RE OUT to the tune of about $1000. minimum for having ZERO RESPECT for a former good customer!
And here's THE MOST IMPORTANT PART OF THIS STORY!!!:
People like me, many of us who have also suffered financially, are THE ONLY REASON YOU'RE STILL IN BUSINESS!!! 
But you DARE to have ZERO RESPECT for people like me who are COVID high risk but are still paying your bills, paying your employees - which includes your sub-contractor, Caviar - putting food on your table, paying for you to have heat in the winter, etc.?!!!!
SERIOUSLY?!!!!
So I'll see you in court, and in the meantime, GO F*CK YOURSELF, MANGIA for having ZERO RESPECT for the people who keep your business alive, and ZERO RESPECT for human life itself!!!
One last thing, Mangia:
Be VERY CAREFUL ABOUT what you have to say about this former customer and who you say it to - unless you're ready to be SLAPPED WITH A DEFAMATION OF CHARACTER LAWSUIT, TOO!!!
If it comes to that, you'll wind up owing me a lot more than you already do, and your complete lack of respect might just PUT YOU OUT OF BUSINESS FOR GOOD!!!
And if you try to screw me again by way of Defamation of Character, all of the money you loose, minus my legal expenses, WILL be donated to organizations that support life and human beings, UNLIKE YOUR SO CALLED "ORGANIZATION" which only gives a sh!t about the "ALMIGHTY DOLLAR" and CARES NOTHING ABOUT HUMAN LIFE ITSELF!!!
NO EXCEPTIONS - PERIOD!!!Just found this amazing restaurant, as it opened in November downstairs. Upstairs just opened a few weeks ago. Had a few of the dishes, mushroom a, Chicken Parma, meatballs, and bone marrow. All was phenom and the bone marrow had this amazing arugula salad and delicious seasonings. A must go place! So cute and mom and pop.If you're looking for delicious homestyle Italian food in Philadelphia, Mangia Macaroni is the perfect place. My friends and I were visiting from Los Angeles when we stumbled upon this wonderful restaurant. We received a warm welcome from the hospitable staff. The manager gave us wonderful recommendations. The mushroom agnolotti had rich and creamy sauce with well textured pasta. I will definitely return next time I'm in Philadelphia.My family and I were in Philadelphia to attend a family wedding when on a Sunday evening it was raining and we needed a place to eat. Every restaurant was full because of the Eagles game so we searched for nearby restaurants on Yelp and found this little gem. The food was authentic Italian food and they earned bonus points for taking care of my Celiac needs and customizing my meal to be gluten free. We will definitely visit again the next time we are in town.This place is amazing the food is delicious!!! I love the feeling of an original Italian kitchen this place gives me! I can't wait to go back the lasagna is amazing everything is SO FRESH!!! The red sauce is also the best I've ever had and u won't regret it here for yummy Italian cravings... try the crab gnocchi OMGGGG AND THE mushroom ravioli.. perfect  and I'm not a huge mushroom person but The taste is addictingDISAPPOINTED. the last two visits i have been annoyed. i said i wasnt going to go back but i had a last minute family gathering. we got family style everything. No salad dressing at all, no grated cheese, not eve salt and pepper. And I do NOT live close to there. Im done never again. And we freaking tipped for pick up.Don't know what happened to this place. Last night we placed an order which arrived cold and 40 minutes later than promised. They forgot the desert and got a piece of bread that had to be thrown away because it was so hard you could not eat it. 
The used to be a good inexpensive place to order but never again. When I called to complain they were rude and said they would issue a credit. None issued. I called Amex to report them.Very delicious new place in the neighborhood! Since opening I have gotten two take out orders and a take home frozen lasagna to make during the week and I have very happy with all. I've tried the gnocchi bolognese, Sunday gravy, chicken parm, and penne with vodka sauce as take out orders and none have disappointed me. Their red sauce is delicious-not watery and a perfect amount of salt. The gnocchi is definitely my favorite dish so far. I also bought one of the frozen lasagnas and made it during the week and it was great - I got to eat yummy melty warm lasagna at home and I didn't need to make the whole thing! 
Best of all, take out for two is very affordable - buy a bottle of wine and you're eating a great quick meal for way less than you would pay elsewhere. 
I also had some of the pepper shooters once which were great as well. This place is a welcome addition to the neighborhood and i look forward to trying other menu items !
Additionally, the people who work there are very nice and friendly.We are trying to support local restaurants in this difficult time and we have heard great things about Mangia Macaroni so we thought we would give it a try! 
We ordered delivery through their website. It was honestly so hard to choose because everything looked so good. We settled with the Gnocchi Bolognese, Gemelli Aglio Olio, and the Ravioli Di Roma. There are two of us but we wanted to try as much as possible!
Delivery came very quick and each entree came with a salad, bread and delicious butter. Every dish was amazing but I really enjoyed the Ravioli. You can tell everything was fresh and handmade. Will definitely be ordering from there again! Highly recommend!Food is good but this is the second time our order has come an hour after it was originally scheduled to. We always order through the Mangia Macaroni website. It's even more frustrating because today is not a holiday, not a weekend, and it's not a big order. Disappointed.Food: 3.8 stars. The Sunday dinner is fantastic comfort food, with a hearty sauce and well seasoned meatballs. Linguini and shrimp had nice flavor, but the pasta was way overcooked. Not skimping on portion size either. 
Delivery: DRIVER DID NOT WEAR A MASK. Automatic 0 points. Was informed that driver was from "3rd party service", but that doesn't make it better. 
I will no longer accept food deliveries that jeopardize my health.Wow! The fettuccine Alfredo shrimp was amazing!The herb butter was fantastic with the homemade bread! Great customer service, quick, hot & FRESH! A win in my book. God bless and here's to success!So I've been hesitant to try Mangia for no particular but after friend and neighbor of mine mentioned how good it was I had to give it a try. I Just purchased the "choose your own" option and order the linguine, pesto and shrimp option. It was AMAZING! It also comes with bread and a side salad. The bread comes with an herb butter and the salad is made with quality ingredients. So glad I gave it a try.This place is amazing the food is delicious!!! I love the feeling of an original Italian kitchen this place gives me! I can't wait to go back the lasagna is amazing everything is SO FRESH!!! and u won't regret it here for yummy Italian cravings this is the PLACE!! If you don't want to sit and eat and your in a rush to go home you can grab a to go dish, Which was also amazing ... safe to say I'm addicted!!Went here last night for dinner to support a neighborhood restaurant.BYOB is always a plus. Tried the 3 course meal. Salad was very flavorful with an ample portion size. Second course was a fried cheese dish lightly fried. 3rd course was a mushroom pasta ravioli dish also a nice sized portion flavorful. Friend had the soup (slightly smaller in size than the salad) pepper trio which was good (heavier on the cheese) and also one of the pasta dishes. Would recommend and will be back to try other platesJust tried this place for this first time and I was very impressed! My boyfriend got the penne Alla vodka and I got the linguine scampi. The pasta was well cooked and home made. The sauces were delicious Each pasta comes with a side salad and freshly baked bread. We'll definitely be coming back to try more items on the menu!Went here for lunch and was not disappointed! The chicken parm was amazing! Also the bread and salad was very delicious! The service was outstanding and it's a very cozy environment. I will be coming back again in the near future. I would highly recommend everyone to try this place!This place tastes like home! Honestly, I would prefer their food over many of the upscale Italian restaurants that are 10x the price. Great pasta, great flavors, affordable and great owners/staff. Opened up a few weeks ago- and I've been back once or twice a week! Plus- you can buy their homemade pasta & sauces to take home! 10 stars!I have stopped in twice on my way home from work. Good food and comes out fast. I have tried penna vodka with chicken and chicken alfredo both dish's were good. The chicken is not grilled,more like a chopped up breaded chicken cutlet. I didnt mind but it's a first for me to add chicken to a pasta dish and it's not grilled. I will definitely be back to try another pasta dish on my way home from workMy family and I ordered delivery tonight through their website and let me tell you ... everything was FANTASTIC! We love leftovers (especially now), so we tried a bit of everything. The chicken parm, eggplant parm, meatballs, sausage, penne vodka, ricotta ravioli with crabmeat, this wonderful pasta that had sweet Italian sausage, spicy spinach, and roasted peppers, and dessert. In all honesty, it could be the best Italian dinner that we've had in years - and we are Italian! I don't typically order ravioli with crabmeat, but I knew my mom wanted it. Let me tell you, it might've been my favorite dish!the sauce has artichokes and tomatoes, it's so delicious. This is also the second time that I've had their eggplant parm, and it's melt in your mouth outstanding. I love the breading. The chicken parm is also so delicious and the cheese that they use is wonderfully flavorful. They package everything so nicely, and they include little containers of red pepper flakes and Parmesan cheese. Their herbed butter with the complimentary bread is also SO GOOD! And don't forget to check out their marketplace - we ordered frozen pasta and sauces that are made in house, and they also have dips and salads available. We can't wait to order again (probably next week). We love you!! Sorry for the quality of the picture, we couldn't contain ourselves and really dug in right away.Ordered chicken parm and vodka penne for take out. It was ready in 20 minutes , friendly service and was DELICIOUS. Huge piece of chicken and large serving of vodka penne. Can't wait to try more item menus.Ordered the chicken Alfredo and eggplant parm. Both were great. First time ordering but def won't be the last. I'm pleased and delivery was quick. Thanks!I ordered through the Yelp app and it arrived pretty quickly. 
I am giving it 3 stars because the food was okay. I ordered the kids spaghetti and meatballs meal and they loved it, it was pretty good. I ordered the penne vodka and it was okay mostly because it was not creamy and flavorful like most vodka sauce I've had in the past. The garlic bread was good.This is new, different and delicious!
Take a break and treat yourself.
Why not take the night off and bring 
home dinner! Guaranteed to return!So after my last experience, the resturant comp  my second experience. I had the chicken parmesan, it was tasty and better than the first experience with the scampi. But I thought it was a whole meal, just came with the protein. That's why I left out a star, pretty pricey for just the chicken without any sides and crazy delivery fees. But overall pretty good.Purchased over a month ago but the gnocchi was amazing and really enjoyed the side salads in the takeout boxes too!Phenomenal pasta, exquisite gravy, best chicken parm I've had in recent memory. Got dinner for two via takeout, and it will probably feed me for a few days. This place is a gem!I love it here! I have not dined in, however, I know a few friends who have and they raved. It is also a BYOB! 
During this quarantine I want to support local businesses I live down the road and got GrubHub delivery here last week. It was So. Good! I ordered a pasta dish and it came with some bread and a salad. It was packaged nicely and the delivery was so quick. I'll be ordering again soon and I urge everyone in the area to do so as well!DO NOT ORDER DELIVERY FROM THIS RESTAURANT.  I ordered delivery which included garlic bread, calamari, chicken Parmesan, 2 meatballs and tiramisu.  I wish I could review my full order but only the calamari and garlic bread arrived.   I asked the delivery person where the rest of my order was and they said that this was all the restaurant gave them.
The garlic bread was burnt and not edible.  When I saw the garlic bread I remembered that I had ordered from here a while ago and the same thing happened.  They forgot portions of the order and the garlic bread arrived completely burnt black.
This is the worst Italian place I have ordered from in Philly.  The calamari was ok, but the fact that both times I've ordered from them I have had completely burnt garlic bread (for 4 dollars) and they never deliver the full order then I have to warn others to avoid this place.Ordered online for the first time. Had heard good reviews from friends about the food. Would NOT recommend. There are no explanations on the menu when ordering delivery about what come with what dishes. Ordered the chicken parmigiana...no pasta, have to order that separately as a different dish. The Sunday gravy had one meatball and one small piece of sausage. Way overpriced for what the dishes actually come with. Very disappointed.The food is consistently delicious and so is the care they take in packing your take out order (bread with garlic butter, salad with dressing, parmesan cheese, crushed red pepper, and wrapped utensils included).  I highly recommend the gnocchi bolognese, the meatballs and the lemon bars - but I don't think you can go wrong with any choice on their menu!Just went for the first time. I didn't check out the upstairs dining area, but the 1st floor was clean, organized, and homey with a faux fireplace heater making it cozy. Lobby is stocked with fresh, frozen, and dried Italian specialty goods for purchase, including perfect portions of snacks and desserts, bulk pasta salads, and take-home containers of sauces and pastas, or bake at home lasagnas - all very reasonably priced. The menu is priced well too with good sized portions, and the food was delish. I loved the sauce on my side of meatballs, and the panini was impressive (extra impressive since I've noticed from other places that paninis are easily "blah" food if not done well). Woman at counter was friendly and helpful.  Excited to go back to try the house-made pasta and bread.Went back to Mangia Macaroni to have the same meal I ordered the last time I was there and it was sub par at best. There was very little pesto flavor and the linguine was hard and stuck together. Consistency is not their strong suit.So after reading such terrific reviews, I thought why not give this place a try. And given these times, I really like supporting local. But this was definitely a no go unfortunately. Nothing was good, the shrimp linguini was unflavorful, the noodles were soggy and the spinach was slimy and had no flavor, the shrimps even were completely bland. The bread tasted stale and the salad dressing looked like some watery red oil sauce that also lacked flavor. I'm sorry but this place was not it, I had to throw everything away, I'm not kidding. And the food even came hot when delivered, so I felt like the proof was in the product. I won't be returning unfortunately.I cannot express enough how much I love this place and how excited I am to welcome them to the neighborhood. It's their first week being open and I've already been there twice. The owner and all of the staff are so kind and welcoming. The food is some of the best Italian I've had in Philly. I've  had the Sunday Gravy and the Gnocchi and both exceeded my expectations. The flavor of both dishes was extremely deep and authentic. The prices are reasonable, with each dish you receive a salad and bread, a side of butter, hot pepper flakes, and cheese. If you're looking to dine in, they have a cute intimate upstairs area. My boyfriend and I will definitely be back all the time!So glad we noticed this new spot on our way home from work! The neighborhood has been needing a good Italian place to enjoy that offers the kind of food your family would make. We ordered the shrimp scampi and Sunday Gravy. Everything was very good! The sauces had great flavor and the portion sizes were satisfying. The staff was very friendly. Can't wait to make this a regular spot!Thick, chunky flavorful sauce. I ordered  the SUNDAY GRAVY
Rigatoni served with a meatball & sausage. Comes with a small house salad & fresh bread. A great value as well as good food! I added a chicken cutlet to it as well.Just stopped by Mangia Macaroni for the first time and was blown away by the authenticity of the pasta dishes served in this casual restaurant.  I had the mushroom angnolotti, which is one of the signature dishes, and it was phenomenal.  You could eat-in or take-out, the place is very casual.  I'll be honest, to get a handmade pasta dish of this quality and not have to make a reservation at a popular sit-down Italian restaurant is an amazing thing.  This place is different in a great way. You could eat-in upstairs and take your time (where there is apparently a bigger menu and is BYOB) or you could get in and out for lunch quickly downstairs.  There is also all kinds of hand made pasta in the freezer available to take home and cook with your own Italian dishes.  In any case, the food that I had was amazing and I was impressed by the creativity of what Mangia Macaroni is.  I will absolutely be back to try more.Wow!! I've been plotting on this place for the past few weeks and finally got a chance to try it! The food was amazing!! This was my fiancé's first time trying gnocchi and I'm happy it was from here! The gnocchi was fresh and I loved the meat sauce it came in! I also LOVED my penne ala vodka! I asked for extra sauce which was accommodated with love  (the chef yelled through the window that it was drenched haha). I also thought the price was more than appropriate for what we got. Our main dishes (mentioned above), bread and a house salad (which was also very good! Loved the dressing). We also ordered a side of meatballs; very good as well and a cannoli (haven't tasted it yet but it looks good!) We will be back! The cashier was also very sweet and friendly! This always encourages me to return to an establishment.So happy to have discovered this spot in our neighborhood! Affordable and gooood. Will definitely be a regular.The got my order wrong the first time I ordered take out. The owner offered to refund the whole order.  I paid cash so he said next time I will take care of you and he did. Besides that the food is excellent.  Very reasonable alsoWe went there last night thinking we would have a nice but cheap dinner. We looked at their take out menu but the upstairs menu was different. It is a pleasant dining room very reminiscent of Italy. When I looked at the menu I was shocked to see that it was a 3 course prixe fix dinner for 35.00. There were a few single entrees but not many. I just didnt want to end up spending 90.00 on dinner and we never eat 3 courses. It is very disappointing and I dont think it will work. It is just too expensive for such a casual restuarant.
However with that being said I had the sunday gravy and it was completely authentic. I grew up with sunday gravy and this was familiar. The gravy was a deep red and clearly had been cooking for quite a long time. Delicious, but from now on just take out for us.This place is the shizznitzz. Go no further if you want good affordable Italian. Sunday Gravy is excellent. Ravioli, gnocchi, eggplant parmesan are also recommended. Included house salad and bread are small but high quality and reasonable given the low prices.So the food here is good, not great. It is a nice addition to a row of pizza and pasta places on Spring Garden as the offerings here are less American-Italian, more authentic. That said, this is the third time I have gone in for lunch and every time I am charged more than the posted prices. Do they not know their paninis have price cards? Do they ring up the wrong items? It is not clear but I enjoy my panini less when I get back to the office and realize I have been upcharged for no apparent reason.
Update: When I got back to office I realized they had given me the wrong soup. And the panini (besides being upcharged) was 10% meat and fillings and 90% bread. Changed to 2 stars because there is potential just poor execution.This place is exactly what Fairmont needed. A chill market down on the first floor, serving all home made  pasta or panninis or a full service BYO upstairs. I experienced both and I will back many many times.
Prosciutto pannini, meatballs, bucatini, and chicken parm all incredible.I'm a snob when it comes to Italian food (thanks mom), but the quality and service from Mangia Macaroni was a wonderful surprise!  Food was hot: alla vodka was on point (okay a tad salty), cutlet breading perfectly crunchy and the salad was simply satisfying.  Delivery was free and early!Ordered from here on a cold night (via Uber Eats) and it was exactly the cheese-y goodness that I was craving. We got the gnocchi and the cannelloni and both were very heavy, but very tasty. I was very happy to see so many vegetarian options on the menu (e.g., agnolotti, eggplant parmesan) besides the basic penne alla vodka. The serving sizes were generous (2 entrees gave us enough for the meal and a nice snack the next day). 
The food also came super well packed (including baby plastic containers of parmesan cheese, red chili flakes, and garlic butter) in addition to bread and a little takeout container of salad (with separately packed dressing) with each of our entrees. It was such a nice touch! 
I can't wait to come and try it in person! Very great option when you're looking for a heavy, cheesy Italian meal.We picked up take out from Mangia Macaroni. I ordered the tagliatelle with Alfredo and meatballs on the side. Absolutely delicious! The pasta is al denté (could maybe have been cooked longer) and seems a bit darker than normal so I thought maybe it was part spinach. The red sauce on the meatballs is also delicious. My boyfriend ordered the rigatoni with pesto which was a bit dry.
The inside is also very cute and very clean. They have frozen lasagna and other meals in freezers available to take out. 
Will definitely be returning!Mangia Macaroni had been on my radar for a while. Their IG page always features some delicious-looking pasta or Italian side. We decided to give them a try on Saturday night for delivery. 
We ordered shrimp scampi, crab ravioli and garlic bread. All of the entrees come with a side salad and a hunk of bread with garlic butter. 
Presentation-wise, everything was packaged well and was intact upon arrival. The food was probably about three stars for me; the fact that the prices were great and the entrees came with side salads and bread definitely elevated the experience to four star level. This is affordable takeout perfect for a night when you don't feel like cooking.Stopped in one day out of curiosity because I saw something new on spring garden. Saw it was Italian and I got real excited. I ended up getting the Sunday gravy and I was not disappointed, many of the pasta is made in house. The concept is really cool, looks like a nice quaint authentic italian place. It wasnt full service but I was told that was coming soon, also it's byob (awesome) the staff was really attentive. I would highly recommend. It's now my go to if I want to eat in or take out some good Italian food.