I eat here way too frequently, but I'm such a sucker for carb-cheese-egg combos. 
My favorites are: Thintastic classic eggwhite: thinly sliced sesame seed bagel, turkey sausage, eggwhites, american cheese & avocado
Croissant classic: Eggwhites, chedda, tomato and turkey bacon on a croissant
Service is quick & friendly, perfect cure for that morning hanger.I heart the egg and cheese sandwiches here; actual griddle = actual freshly cooked eggs, not scary spongy microwaved eggs. When we lived closer we used to come every Sunday morning, get breakfast and, if the weather was nice, eat it in the park. Now that we live on the other side of the city we'll still make the trek back to Manhattan Bagel on occasion because it's still the best egg & cheese we've found in the city. I also heart the people who work here; always friendly.  And though my New Yorker husband maintains that real NY bagels ought to be the size of your head (not my preference), I find the bagels here to be yummy and just the right size, and I like the flavor options they have.This particular Manhattan Bagel rules for a number of reasons: 
1. Location- close to everything & makes for some great people watching while you enjoy your bagel looking out the window
2. The dude who takes your order-  he's hilarious and i love his accent.  All the other employees were way nice, too.
3. (and most importantly) the bagels are delicious.  They do lox and a bagel some serious justice.It's a chain.  It's in a neighborhood with some great bakeries.  Why not have a croissant or a cup of La Colombe nearby?
But if you want a reliable egg-on-a-bagel, this will do.  It's no H&H, but it's not terrible.  They also gave out some big coupon booklets recently, so I stopped in for my free cup of coffee.  La Colombe is the really good, but it's not free.The bagels are toasted to perfection and the coffee smooth and delicious...or maybe I'm too hungry this morning after a long night of driving!?!Actually this place has pretty decent bagels...and their lox was on point and good. The only downside of this place is that there's no clear lines from after you pay to when you're trying get your food and it was hectic with no room to stand. Other than that this place is great.Stopped by for a breakfast sandwich 2 weeks ago... sausage and egg on an everything bagel... it was sooooo delicious - warm, soft, salty!  The help is a bit abrupt to non-regulars but I'd come back in a heartbeat.Stopped in here for a quick breakfast while visiting my friend who lives a couple blocks away. 
I was looking up at the menu & had a guy ask me if I was ready to order... then 20 seconds later, another guy asked... then 10 seconds later yet another guy asked... 
I felt uncomfortable & quickly decided on a honey whole wheat everything bagel with LF veggie cream cheese... and no one was standing there this time. It only took about 5 seconds for one of the 5 or 6 guys to take my order, then he gave me a ticket. I took the ticket to the cashier & he said, "uhh I can't read that, what did you get?" I told him my bagel & the total was higher than it should be so I asked & he said "and the water?" (which was almost empty) and I told him I brought it in with me. He said, "Oh, yea, that's not even the brand we sell." (A simple mistake, but I was already frazzled from his coworkers.)
The bagel was fine... not the best or worst I've had... and more like whole wheat everything.. I guess I was expecting it to be salty & slightly sweet but there was no sweetness. Cream cheese was good. Overall I was just  very thrown by repeatedly being asked if I was ready when I was clearly staring at the menu. Not writing it off but not looking to go back either.Never had Manhattan Bagel, always walked by, love bagels SO got some for work. Nothings better than going to work on Monday Morning and having some Manhattan Bagels! 
I got an assortment like whole wheat, everything, plain, cin. raisin, blueberry (i think)...
well, i had an everything and it was good! they have little cream cheese containers and the veggie one was really good! 
i had no time to get lunch at work so a whole wheat bagel with veggie cream cheese was my lunch and i think it was better than my everything with plain cream cheese.
i got coupons from the staff and their breakfast sandwiches look so i want to go back and get some. needless to say, i love breakfast sandwiches and im sure id be back for some goodies!Was I'm the mood for a egg and cheese on a croissant. The guy took down my order wrong. I couldn't quite tell what he said but I thought I heard, "soft bagel" I figured it wouldn't be that bad, so I went with it even it was wrong. Got to the counter to pay and once again heard "salted" vs "soft". I even tried to explain to the cashier that I had ordered a croissant. Once again, no acknowledgement. I was too hungry to argue, and I waited to eat my "soft" bagel. In the end, I was a salted bagel, which is basically a round soft pretzel. I spent half my meal scraping salt off the top. The cheese was melty, bagel was toasted well, and the egg was just right, but right now I need a large glass of water.Can you be any more cheap with the cream cheese? I basically have a bagel where only half has the smallest amount of cream cheese. I hope this is just an accident and not the usual amount, but either way I won't be coming back.The steak, egg, and cheese bagel was terrific. I got it on a jalapeno cheddar bagel, which was surprisingly pretty spicy. I will definitely be back again.The best bagels in Philadelphia, that I've experienced so far. If you eat Dunkin Donuts bagels you're doing it wrong.
I would recommend coming in early or coming mid day for the freshest bagels (they get 2 deliveries, they don't make the bagels there). Honey whole wheat everything is my favorite, as well as the blueberry glazed bagel.
They have a $1.99 deal for bagel with egg and cheese occasionally, definitely snag one when they do.Definitely not a NY bagel, they are pretty small and the quality is eh. Lax cream cheese was very fishy and didn't taste to fresh. I am not a fan of their hygiene, I think they should do a better job cleaning their working stations because it is covered in food residue. The dog bagels are a cool idea, but it seems as if they have been there for 4 years? I got one and it was harder than the concrete on the ground. Their egg, cheese, and sausage isn't too bad... Nothing special.Ladies, chivalry and romance are not dead; you just haven't yet met Rafael at Philadelphia's Manhattan Bagel.Don't. Bother. Just don't bother. I guess I need to write more before Yelp will let me post. That's a pity, and a PITA, because there's nothing to add. Mediocre at best, "cheese", single egg overcooked, coffee weak. Just keep walking, especially in this area.I come here all the time for breakfast. Try their tostini with roasted red peppers,it's delicious. Staff knows me by name. Friendly and fast. I always walk out spending less than $5, full and happy.The people working were very confused about what food they still had in stock and didn't make it clear they basically had nothing left to order.  We watched two other people order well after us and still had to wait for our very simple sandwiches.  Once we had finally received our sandwiches, they were incorrect and we were missing our sides.  I had eaten here before in a pinch, but this will be our last time.Just ordered 28 breakfast sandwiches for my team. There were three types of sandwich: egg and cheese, bacon, egg and cheese and one egg and cheese. You'd think for an order of 28 they'd label the bags or sandwiches. Nope. Last time we order from there.YUCK! This morning was my first visit to Manhattan Bagel in Philadelphia. I ordered a pumpkin bagel with pumpkin cream cheese. It was the worst bagel and cream cheese I've ever had. The bagel was small and thin, the cream cheese was almost watery, and they didn't have the courtesy to include a napkin in my to-go-bag. So, when the watery-pumkin mess went all over, I didn't have anything to clean it up. The bagel was rubbery and after a few bites I just threw the rest out. It was gross. I will never go back.When I arrived at 4:00 which was an hour before closing I asked for egg and cheese on a bagel, I was told he can't do that because he already cleaned up the stove. So I went with a chocolate chip bagel, plain bagel, and two mini pumpkin bagels. He didn't toast the bagels for me so then I sat down an started eating, an old lady came in and the worker said "nothing for you" since he has already put all the bagels away and it was still 20 minutes till close. Before that he told me and my friend that we have 10 minutes to leave because they are closing, this was at 4:30. Overall I thought I was gonna have a better experience and I was sadly mistaken, I'll give it another try if that ignorant worker isn't there.was here an hour ago, three of the four employees had no idea what was going on - when there were 5 customers in the store. 
it took 20 minutes to get our food, 2 bagels with cream cheese and a BLT on a bagel. the bagels were handed to the wrong people the first time. then i guess the BLT was forgotten about ?
the cashier wrote the orders in horrible handwriting and his coworkers had asked him numerous times what the orders said. 
a younger, dark skinned man with thick rimmed glasses was the only person to acknowledge the issues and was apologizing heavily. 
get it together, seriously.There is a time and place for $4 lattes made with organic Brazil nut milk and sweetened with sustainably-sourced, small-batch cane sugar, and there is a time and place for Manhattan Bagel. 
No, it isn't fancy. But Manhattan Bagel was my go-to coffee spot when I lived in Philly, simply because it was 1) around the corner from my apartment 2) tasty and 3) fast. To be fair, I've never purchased solid food at Manhattan Bagel, but the Vanilla Nut flavored coffee is on par with (if not slightly better than) my trusty Dunkin' Donuts. 
*Yes, I like Dunkin' Dunuts coffee. DON'T YOU JUDGE ME.The food is par for the course, but you can expect to have issues. A couple of times they've put almost no cream chees on my bagel (I'm not kidding. you'd think it had gold flakes in it for the amount they gave me). And if there are more than 3 people in there, expect a long delay.The hash browns at this place are terrible. They always come out soggy.I love them so much! Great food all the time, never had any issues with service. Great coffee. Absolutely love the counter girl, Amber! Such a doll every time I come in. Always stop there on my way to work. (:I have no idea why I decided to go to this establishment today, but it was a mistake. When I walked in, there was no one behind the bagel counter, so I ordered my bagel with butter right with the cashier. This seemed to piss her off. She asked me if I wanted a receipt, and I said no. Then a rush of people came in after me, and everyone seemed to get their order before me. Everyone also had order numbers, which I did not get. After a few minutes, they started calling number 44, which was my bagel type but with cream cheese. I explained that I didn't receive a number but I ordered the same bagel with butter. Then, the guilt started. Two people said something like, "oh we thought you ordered cream cheese" (one of them wasn't even there when she originally took my order). Then one of them crumbled up the cream cheese bagel into a ball (within the Manhattan Bagel bag), and attempted to chuck it pretty violently into the trash right in front of me, but missed. Then, the woman who actually took my order apologized again, stating that she really thought I ordered the bagel with cream cheese. I politely (as I could) explained that I am lactose intolerant and would have never ordered cream cheese. Her response: "Oh." I eventually got my bagel.I had high hopes for bagels when I moved to Philly.  NYC has amazing bagels, NYC is in NY, NY touches PA, PA contains Philly...but sadly, the transitive property evidently doesn't apply to bagels.  That said, I think Manhattan Bagel has the best bagels in Philly, but they're not up to their namesake.  For the cream cheese, I would skip the Light Veggie which tastes a little plastic-y...Garlic & Herb is pretty good, especially spread on an Everything Bagel.This location always has salt bagels. Do people not like them?! Eating one (with cheese, tomato and mayo) results in a most pleasurable experience. It's high up there on my "Favorite Things To Do" chart, alongside cleaning my ears with Q-tips and taking a pee after a long car ride.
Oh, how I love you, salt bagel.I am originally from NY and moved West for many years before returning to the East Coast.  I missed the great bagels.  I bought a dozen here and was quite disappointed, they were small and rock hard, did not see fresh.A wide variety of fresh, flavorful bagels? Yes please! And they have a griddle that they make real eggs on as opposed to those spongy things at other chains? Even better!
The line moved fast, the food was hot and good, the prices were reasonable and staff was decent. I needed food and fast and this place was great for what it was and made me happy.A bagel shop in the Rittenhouse neighborhood   - nice coffee and decent sandwiches. Very limited seating inside the window with bar stools, so plan to take-away. 
They do have a grill that makes the real eggs, so I do like this place. Some restaurants  microwave theirs which I don't find appealing. Very inexpensive and friendly staff as well.I got a bacon, egg and cheese on an egg bagel and it was mediocre. I could really only taste the bagel. The bacon was very thin. For my drink, I got a vanilla hazelnut latte, which was decent. It smells amazing when you walk through these doors, however the food was just alright. Happy I tried it, but probably won't be back.The hotel I was staying at wasn't too far from here. Don't let the name fool you. Their bagels DO NOT taste, look, feel like bagels from Manhattan. Their prices do. Had a bagel with scallion cc since they don't have olive cc. Smaller bagel which was palatable. Had the next day a "pork roll" & cheese on a everything. The Taylor Ham, yes Taylor ham her in Jersey, not pork roll, tasted off. Didn't have the same flavor as what we serve here. Anyway, their coffee was good. Surprisingly.  
I guess since I live near the mecca of bagels it's hard to compare. Yeah I know it's a chain but for people to think that's what bagels should taste like, they are surely missing out.Good bagel places don't need to toast their bagels so I should have taken their in insistence on toasting as a sign. I opted to not toast and it was a mistake. Crunchy exterior but with the texture of collapsing cardboard... just not good.I frequent this place when im hungover and in need of a good greasy breakfast sandwich.Its close to work and they have every type of bagel under the sun. My only issue is that the sandwiches tend to be on the smaller side. Service is always speedy and ive only encountered an incorrect order once. Id recommend the breakfast sandwiches i havent experienced lunch or any other food options.i got a chicken bagel sandwich and it was really good except the bagel was burnt on the inside!!!! i didn't like that. i also got strawberry lemonade which was very good but a little small.Good in a pinch.
Their cream cheese was pretty mediocre; think that pasty hard stuff from Dunkin' Donuts. Their bagels, however, not too shabby. I opted for the seasonal cranberry bagel; if it had been served with some hearty and creamy cream cheese, plus toasted a little bit more, it would have been a hit. However, the flavor of the bagel was pretty tasty, with little pockets of dried cranberries giving off an occasional burst of tart sweetness as I wolfed it down. They have a pretty decent corn muffin as well.This place is pretty good for breakfast, they have a good variety of bagels, make pretty tasty egg sandwiches, and I love that they offer porkroll. Not spectacular, but definitely reliable and consistent.Went here because I haven't had a bagel in awhile and my friend wanted to try it.  I ordered an Everything Bagel Toasted with cream cheese, pretty standard I think..  Got back to my office and opened it up, and it's not toasted..  
I will not be returning.update since its been  a year
i got the asiago bagels today and they weren't great but i'd probably get them again since they're the only asiago bagels in center city :/ i wish there was an einstein bagels.
strawberry lemonade is still really goodNot a bad bagel, although they put very little lox spread on!  Come on!  It's just the spread, not gobs of real fish.Meh, was expecting a lot better.  Salmon lox bagel & cream cheese for $8.50?  I can get that for $4.50 at Au Bon Pain in Liberty place.  Highway robbery!  The egg & cheese was only $2.80, and the egg was fresh, but underwhelmingly small portion.  All other breakfast sandwiches around $6? Robbery again.  Coffee was average, $1.80 for medium, but there's no Splenda and no cinnamon. Disappointing.  I won't be coming back., not unless the prices drop several dollars.Mediocrity.  Came here when I was in a huge rush and Hip City Veg (next door) was bustling and Nom Nom ramen had a long line.  Spent about $6 on a latte and a stale bagel with veggie "light" cream cheese, tomato and cucumber.
Bitter overpriced latte.  
BLAH.
Waste of calories.
Not goin' back.Been here a few times since it's convenient and I keep hoping the bagels will get better, but they are really terrible.  Coming from NYC, I guess I've been spoiled but the consistency of their bagels is similar to thick stale bread, the flavor is completely lacking--overall, it's just a very unsavory piece of bread.  The prices aren't even cheap!Bagels were good, the place gets a lot of business. However, I ordered a bagel with cream cheese and there wasn't a lot of cream cheese on the bagel. I went to the counter to ask for some butter to supplement the little cream cheese on the bagel and the owner (I  presume) wanted to charge me for it!  I declined on principle. It was only 50 cents, but I had already bought the bagel and you would think she would just give me some butter. Nickel and dining is Not the way to do business or keep customers.Amongst my food vices are bagels (mac n cheese and ice cream are on that list if we're getting personal). So before Erin Express, I tried to line my body with some carbs and wake up with some iced coffee. 
Bagel - as everyone else commented, there was not enough cream cheese at all and the bagel wasn't as toasty as I like and almost stale. 
Coffee - The beans were so obviously burned which is the worst kinda way to f up a coffee. 
So meh, don't plan on returning.This is a standard breakfast place in the heart of Philadelphia. It opens early at 6am.  They have a full kitchen in front of you and the menu has many selections, bagels, muffins, juices, and sandwiches.  I had the standard egg on a bagel, tasted good.  You can add an extra egg for an extra charge.  There are not that many affordable breakfast places in the area.This is probably my favorite bagel spot in Philly. It's super convenient and quick if you're in a hurry. Even though it's a chain this one is particularly impressive with their preparation time and freshness (I always get avocado and tomato on mine). I love that they offer bagels to be scooped out in the middle because you can still enjoy the deliciousness of the bagel of your choice but with fewer calories! They recently added cold brew to their menu and it's absolutely delicious!!I wanted to give them 3 stars but hey - let's be honest...I'm probably here twice a month on average, which is probably more than any other food retailer, with exception to starbucks and la colombe. I would never drink coffee here. I do not serve myself, thank you very much. By definition, it cannot be good coffee if I have to pump it. What is there to say? The people who work her are courteous and make an effort to give good service. Yes, the have a tendency to run out of plain bagels in the early afternoons on weekends, but that's what I get for waking up late. With the dearth of good bagel places in the city, I prefer MB. I guess 4th street deli also has good bagels, but they charge more...and don't have lite cream cheese. Or lite anything...Omg I do not understand the level of passive aggressiveness in this place. I stopped in to get three bagels. The woman cut me off after the second one then had someone else get my last bagel. I just said I wanted two toasted and one not toasted. Because she just cut me off and told someone else to help me, she missed that part then just openly talked about me in the most passive aggressive way. Like first off, I'm right here. Second off, just ask if you aren't sure and don't cut me off. There's a ton of bagel places around here and I don't need that kind of attitude.I like coming to this place for a quick bagel - the location is central but it's a little off the beaten path, which is nice. It's quick, efficient, and has a ton of options depending on the mood. I usually get a bagel with the lox cream cheese and I think it's pretty good. Prices are on point also. Definitely recommend if you're looking for a quick bite in the rittenhouse area!Philly is a veritable bagel wasteland. There, my pompous NJ self said it. I have yet to have even a remotely good bagel in this city.
I have been to other Manhattan Bagels and I must say the customer service here is not great. No one is overly friendly.
As for the product, it's a standard bagel chain. The bagels are edible, but again, not great. The coffee is self serve and generally pretty weak.
Positives include the location and outdoor seating.I frequently go here on the weekends and the employees are always very nice and helpful. I've never had to wait longer than 10-15 minutes for an order, even when they're busy.Philadelphia is truly lacking in the bagel department. One on hand you've got the saran-wrapped, cream cheese filled numbers that the lunch trucks leave out in the sun all day. As a formidable alternative, you've got Cosi's wait-in-line 20 minutes for a revolutionary square bagel, or you've got watered-down franchise numbers like these.
At least the chains back home (Bruegger's/Einstein) had tact in bagel-making. They specialized in freshness, and while the bagels themselves would never make you consider a second the way that Northern New Jersey's bagelries might, they sufficed.
Manhattan Bagel is truly just a Dunkin Donuts posing as a bagel shop... only Dunkin Donuts has good coffee. Mayor Bloomberg should sue the company for advertising these tasteless balls of dough as having anything to do with a 14-mile island. Terrible... I'd sooner eat a lunch truck bagel than these.They overcharge you.. Blatantly.. I ordered two bagels with cream cheese.. The lady charged me 3.99 I paid and as I waited for my order she realized she only charged me for one bagel.. She proceeded to then tell me my total was near a total of 7 dollars.. As she shows me the receipt (which they never ask you if you want a copy of) it shows she charged me for an item I didn't even purchase which was more expensive 
Moral of the story... They charge u for items you're not purchasing.. And way overpriced if it really is 7 dollars for two bagels with cream cheese.. Don't go here or if you do get a receipt from the register each timeI've had their bacon,egg,and cheese bagels a few times now and it's my favorite morning starter.  For the same price as Dunkin' Donuts, you get real egg, melty cheese, and legit bacon.  The toasted bagel is perfect.
Do this place.First, the bagels:  not great, not terrible.  They're certainly not as crusty and chewy as the best bagels, not as purely bread-like as the worst.  Kinda eh, but acceptable in a pinch.  
I sampled the ham, egg & cheese on a bagel, and the cheesesteak on a bagel.  The latter wins points for novelty and local sense of place.  
They have fresh-squeezed OJ, which was good, and coffee, which was only OK.  If you prefer a strong brew, the much better Joe and La Colombe are only a few blocks away.  
Some of the staff (the ones involved in food prep) were friendly, others (the heavyset cashier) were efficient / functionally rude.Terribly slow despite a plethora of workers doing nothing with no one to serve. "Toasted" bagel was cold and not crisp in any way, toppings were disgusting. Will not return.This in nothing even close to resembling something worth $10, which is what I was charged.  I don't understand how a place that has a tip jar at the register can walk around with such glum looks.  Maybe that's why my dollar was the only money it it.  Never again!Two happily-caffeinated and carbohydrate-full thumbs up. I'm kind of incoherent in the morning and am usually incapable of managing to feed myself until I've been awake for longer than an hour. When I have to be out the door early in the morning, this poses quite the challenge. Luckily, Manhattan Bagel does not require me to be either coherent or capable. I walk my sleepy-eyed self in the door and walk out with a bagel and coffee for a totally reasonable price. 
They've got a wide variety of bagels and cream cheeses and will put just about anything on them that you ask for. I tend to ignore the menu on the wall (see above re: incoherence) and they have always been able to give me whatever it is I've asked for (including a side of bacon, which might have been a weird request come to think of it but they didn't bat an eyelash). They've got some seating inside if you've got time to sit and eat. Service has always been friendly and quick.I'll preface this review by saying I've only ever ordered a bagel with cream cheese, which is pricey but tastes good. I'll also say that I never go during a busy time. 
My problem is with product delivery and customer service. At least three times I have opened up my bagel at work only to find barely enough cream cheese to cover all four quarters (I do like that they quarter the bagel for you). Other times I find it barely toasted. One time it was either stale or baked(?) because the whole bagel was toasted, not just the surfaces. Another time I ordered my usual, got to work and found that there was no cream cheese! I wasn't charged for it but I had ordered "bagel with cream cheese" and didn't know I wasn't charged for what I wanted due to using charge card.
I will say that one time they asked me to wait because they had burnt my bagel and wanted to make it right. Props but not enough.
Finally, they have weird customer service. A woman came in who made it clear she was a regular as she ignored those in line to pay (I had already paid) and proceeded to hand over a $20 for a bunch of cups of coffee.Manhattan bagel is one of the few places in Philly That has true New York style bagels. Recommend the pumpernickel with plain cream cheese!Wow! I can't believe how many people don't like this place. Granted, I've never had a real New York bagel and I was also just visiting when I came here, but I thought I'd give it a review.
I liked the place just fine. I wasn't floored, but I liked it all the same. I had an egg and cheese bagel. It wasn't as good as a biscuit, but I was still satisfied. 
The staff was fine. They didn't knock my socks off or anything, but I thought that they were nice.
Overall, I recommend it if you're visiting. My experience was good.Honestly, just garbage bagels.  I don't care about the service or whether they make good eggs or bacon or whatever.  It's a bagel shop, and their bagels are garbage.  I have no idea how they are able to exist in the downtown of a major NE city.  Embarrassing.I dont get bagels often but I really had a desire for a fall-themed bagel.  I stopped in here today and was delighted. They had a terrific California something or other bagel that had a bunch of dried fruits and seeds in it.  They also had a pumpkin bagel that was spectacular. Best of all, the service was terrific. They asked several times if I needed anything to go with the bagels, specifically mentioning butter, cream cheese and coffee at various times.  My bagel was perfectly toasted with the cream cheese quanity I requested.  Prices seemed in line with every other bagel place.Who says chains can't make good bagels! Dare I say the bagels here are better than Knead and Spread? I had the jalapeño cheese bagel with salsa cream cheese, and it was deliciously spicy. Just what I needed to wake up on a Saturday morning ;) the French toast bagel is also fantastic. I wish they had more seating to enjoy the bagels fresh! :( I would definitely pop in here for a fresh, quick, bagel to go.I frequent this location, as it is on my way to work and as I go in early, it is very convenient.  The food quality is fine, while overpriced, but my experience has always been fast with quality service and without issue.  That is until the last three visits I have made there.  I did not realize there was an issue until the second of the three visits, when I got my change.  A bagel with cream cheese comes to $3.23 after tax.  The clerk handed me 3 quarters.  I recalled the same happened the day before, so I said something, "where is the rest of my change?"  He said, "Oh," and handed me a dime from the tip jar.  Now yesterday, the same thing happened, so I helped myself to the tip jar and took out 2 pennies.  I said, "That's a bit presumptuous, keeping the pennies."  The clerk (same from visit #2) mumbled something about saving a ton of money at the end of the year, indicating it was intentional.  I stated, "It's stealing from your customers."
The food is fine, but the staff is dishonest.  Be mindful of your change.Fresh and delicious food at a convenient location to Rittenhouse Square. 
The Lox (salmon) bagel with cream cheese, onions, and capers was excellent as was The Rueben sandwich. I grabbed a chai latte to go along it which was also very flavorful. Choice of whole or skim milk. The lady was nice enough to reduce the amount of sugar in it so that was nice.The owner and staff are really nice. It's a quick bagel place that delivers well in taste. Their cold brew was awesome.The staff member dropped my bagel on the floor and still used the same bagel.can u believe it....the owner said u no throw away you use same bagel it cost money use use use.This place gets busy, so get your bagel in early
For about 3 or 4 bucks, you're getting a good bagel sandwich. I got the egg and cheese on...
Me: Wheat?
MB: Sorry we're out
Me: Everything Bagel?
MB: Sorry we're out
Me: Blueberry
MB: You got the last one bro...
Moral of the story, early bird gets the bagel. Also, coffee was mediocre I wouldn't recommend it.Stopped in to grab a quick brunch sandwich/bagel sandwich. I was really surprised at how yummy my sandwich was! I got the Ellis Island Hot Pastrami, and it was so good - hit the stop for sure. The staff were patient and helpful (since it was my first time there). 
There is a decent amount of window seating if you decide to munch on your food in the store. 
I will have to try out their bagels in the future!I went for the first time and I will never return. I got charged for two bagels when I only ordered one and when I got home realized I had gotten the wrong order. When I returned, I only got refunded for one bagel and they wouldn't make me the correct one. So essentially I paid for a bagel and left with nothing.
The bagel I did get was tiny and I could have eaten three. Overall, terrible customer service and the bagels are minuscule.Good selection of bagels!
I'm in love with the jalepeno cheddar! (get it with cream cheese and toasted...yummmm)
From time to time they will run out. But that usually only happens around 11am. Semi-understandable.
The Orange juice said freshly squeezed, but i have my doubts...
Customer service is pretty good and courteous.
oh the chocolate cookie they have up front....DELICIOUSPork roll, Egg, and Cheese on an everything bagel toasted please! 
I love their bagels, what can I say? Jalapeno and cheese bagel- amazing! 
For a quick, easy, inexpensive breakfast- this is the spot!Cheap, no frills bagel sandwiches on pretty much any flavor that you would want them on. Fresh squeezed orange juice. If you're looking to grab a solid bagel and not sit down and eat, this is a good spot to go to. 
The set-up of the restaurant is pretty weird. All the seating is in the line that you order from, so its really congested.After basically giving up on the Philly bagel scene, and long avoiding this place due to bad Yelp reviews, I was pleasantly surprised with Manhattan Bagel. I found them to be absolutely true to their name: If you're looking for Brooklyn bagels, you're not going to find them in Philly* but these are just as tasty as what I've had in Manhattan... if not better. 
My honey-wheat everything with scallion cream cheese was quite delicious and fresh. Boyfriend liked his poppyseed. The coffee was nothing to complain about. We actually did take-out and toasted/cheesed-them-up at home, so I have nothing to add about the "dining-in" experience. 
We'll definitely be back. A sold 3.5 stars. 
*Or at least, I haven't. If you have, please dear GOD message me immediately ;)AUGH.  Truly awful.  The bagels here have to be among the worst I've EVER had.  EVER.  I swear.  Not fresh, not tasty, just plain WRONG.  Avoid, avoid, avoid.  Their coffee sucks too.I hate this place and even in a pinch I've gone there (like today) because it's the closest place to work that has bagels and again Disappointment city. Bagels come two ways- not toasted enough or burnt to a crisp. There is no in between. I always get butter and it's usually drenched and sloppy. I have to pat it down with several napkins. Also they're expensive and they don't give you the napkins, you have to get them yourself. Go to Le Bus- you'll have to butter it yourself but it's better than this awful establishment.