This place is the bomb. The food is good and the prices are better. The beer list is epic and again the prices are very fair. The staff were great and took good care of me. I had a wings they were crispy and good. Also, a cheese steak which was not top of the line but i had no complaints. Great place to meet with friends and have some drinks and apps maybe catch a sports game they have many TV's.Oh lord... the chicken...
So, you know that feeling when you order a grilled chicken sandwich, wait for 15 minutes, go pick it up, getting ready, start eating, the chicken is over cooked from the outside but completely pink on the inside and you realized you were served frozen chicken?
So that's it...
Apologies from the waiter and 100% ignored from management. 
Was able to get my money back but not even a sorry. They took the chicken and came back a few minutes after with my money. That was it.Great place to have some drinks on South St. 
They had the big garage door open so the breeze was perfect! It was also great for people watching facing the street if you're into that ;)
They have a jukebox with a great mix of everything, and all the prices are pretty reasonable. AND they have Strongbow Cider-SO GOOD. The waitress was also super nice. 
The women's bathroom was pretty nasty, so us ladies had to use the men's room. But as my friend put it, "The men's room was supreme."I don't love this place, but it suffices every once in a while.  Manny Brown's is kind of pricey.. just because they've adopted an eclectic beer list doesn't mean should charge elitist prices for the old standby beers.  The food is nothing special, but I will say that the garden salad is completely with the $4.  It's giant.  The waitstaff is usually indifferent to customer service and more interested in applying too much make up or wearing entirely-too-short skirts.  (Am I turning into my mother?  --or my grandmother???)A good place to go for a few brews.  Can get very noisy with live music since its such a small place.  But definitely still a great time.This bar had good drinks, but we were on the Big Red Pedal Tour and the bar staff was extremely rude and volatile, actively complaining that they "hated these tours" as we tried to get drinks from the bar. Definitely would not recommend.Certainly one of the more tolerable South Street bars. I've been here a number of times and the servers are usually quick, friendly, and attentive. The food may not be exceptional, but it's certainly good for a night when you're looking for something fast cheap. The happy hour and daily drink specials will have me coming back!I've been here twice before, and it was decent. Pretty good food, alright deals. Good enough that I suggested to my friend that we go there to eat and have a drink when we were at a loss of where to go and needed to get out of the rain.
We ordered bloody Mary's. I knew coming in that a bloody wasn't their specialty, but that is what we were craving and we couldn't think of anywhere else to get one. It was gross. I'm not blaming the bartender, I don't know what it was, but it was just unpleasant. I could make a better one with my eyes closed.
We tried to send it back, after we both took 2 sips at most, but she refused. "It would be on our tab anyways." I understand, but ick.
Order the beers, if you drink here. Even though they don't put the prices on the menu. (I always feel like a cheep ass when i ask how much drinks cost. I understand specialty drinks, but beers?)
Rude restaurant etiquette, I think, but that's just me.
But, I have to admit, even how annoyed I was, that the few times I have eaten here I haven't been grossed out, and there was enough left over to take home.Along with a group of friends who were visiting from the great Jer-Z, I hopped up in to this seemingly typical South Street pub to start the night off.  I was first intrigued by the friendliness of the wait staff as we tried to pull 4 tables together for our party - they were all super cool with it.  Throughout our time there, the staff was extremely helpful and courteous - or could have been simply that we were a party of 9 (yes, I'm the lone single person - shut up and buy me a drink! )
Anyway, the beer selection here is what REALLY impressed me.  They had a good assortment of at least a dozen beers on tap.  They had a couple "frat" beers but they played second fiddle to the Belgian and craft styles taking up most of the brass taps at the bar.  The bottle list was expansive with a good amount of Belgians to pick from - Chamay, Duvel, Lucifer, etc.  They also do these Guinness beer cocktails.  They go beyond your typical Black and Tan and have drinks that mix Cherry Wheat beer (Chocolate Covered Cherry), Chambord (Black Velvet), or Guinness and Hoegaarden (Belgian Waffle).  Maybe these are standard fare these days but it was the first time I saw such a complete list of Beer Cocktails.
Oh, and there were shot girls - it IS South Street after all.  Actually, they were handing out small samples of some kind of fruity tooty beer that really tasted like the ass crack of some real life character from the Shoots and Ladders board game.
Unfortunately we only stayed for a couple beers and a shot and hopped along to the next bar.  I'd like to go back again and spend a few hours there and try the food next time. Manny, I'll give you 4 stars for now.  Don't disappoint me on my second visit and I'll consider bumping you up.Came in on a random Saturday afternoon, sat at the bar for a couple beers. Ended up having some appetizers along the way. The onion rings may have hands down been the best I've ever had. Perfect crisp and flavor, a nice dipping sauce that they give to you as well. 
The bartenders are really cool and down to earth and very attentive. What more can I say for a quick stop in for a pint and a bite to eat. I'll be back next time I'm on south street.A friend of mine couldn't get into Tattooed Mom's because her license expired so we walked over to Manny Browns for a brew. This place had a nice selction of beers and was pretty reasonble. Its got a good vibe, and the peeps here seem cool. When I was in college several years back I remember having a good time here. Having a few as my friend was hitting on our waitress. Also they have a good juke if I recall.Looking for a dive? This neighborhood hangout is decent for grabbing a beer from a friendly barkeep. 
The menu was limited to bar grub, so consider skipping this place if you're looking for dinner.
Definitely avoid the Manny Nachos. Ours came with soggy tortilla chips, canned refried beans, and a mysterious inedible meat. Cozying up to the bar with a beer is totally safe though!Manny Brown's is not the place to go if you have even a small group of people. At just half capacity, the layout of the place makes you feel like you're being kicked around some whacky  pinball machine. You also get a lot of the South Str looney's here, since it's a common stop in the middle of many people's bar crawls. Expect to see strange and uncomfortable things. Convenience makes this place what it is, and not at all the staff. There are always new bartenders and servers when I go, but the only thing they have in common is that they all seem to never care.  I  have to say they have pretty decent food for bar standards. The experience is better if your in and out for the food and a beer on a slow Tuesday night, as opposed to weekend get-together.Surprise, surprise...I recently stumbled upon this bar and, despite my first impressions of it being a total sausage fest, I actually liked it. Great beer on tap, nice booths to park your arse while you drink, a friendly staff and yes, a jukebox that includes Elliott Smith AND Jeff Buckley. Jeez, I'm not nearly as depressive as I sound. I promise  :)We did a pub crawl this past weekend and felt right at home here. We had some great tacos and tater tots which were just the right food for a night of drinking. The staff were friendly and we enjoyed ourselves.Eric was a very good bartender. Very prompt and asked us if we needed anything a few times. My friend and I were out of town and he gave us his number to meet up and go out! Thought that was very nice of him to offer to show some out of towners around! The guy next to me ordered wings and they looked and smelled very good! Prices were very fair!The waiter told my brother that he was NOT serving him because he did not leave a tip. A tip is not mandatory if you feel as though they did not deserve it. I really felt uncomfortable and not wanted at the place. My brother did not leave a tip because he was the worst waiter. We waited over an hour for a drink (and they were not busy this day) the guy told us that that bar was backed up. I felt like there were some type of underlining racism. We even talked to the manager about the situation and she walked away and ignored us completely. I honestly wish I could give 0 stars. PLEASE if you are BLACK, you are definitely not welcomed!!! I would not recommend this place to anybody at all.I am addicted to their nachos, I love they have my favorite beer here (which is saying a lot since that is the only beer I drink), the service is pretty bad but the nachos keep bringing me back!Dirt cheap, high alc cocktails, plenty of beers, yummy food, good atmosphere. What's not to like?!Oh lord... the chicken...
So, you know that feeling when you order a grilled chicken sandwich, wait for 15 minutes, go pick it up, getting ready, start eating, the chicken is over cooked from the outside but completely pink on the inside and you realized you were served frozen chicken?
So that's it...
Apologies from the waiter and 100% ignored from management. 
Was able to get my money back but not even a sorry....Excellent wings, crazy beer selection, and some of the best prices I've ever seen! The loaded skins aren't all that. Not a philly native but I would definitely recommend this place.Apparently this is a chain, which is the least of the reasons that I don't like it.Manny's has gone from quite the scene atmosphere to your stereotypical sports far with the fare change to match. The food used to be killer along with the margaritas, but now only the latter remain up to my expectations. 
The past few visits to Manny's has been a disappointment to me and for a while it was the only bar on South Street we would venture to on a regular basis. The wait staff on those nights was nearly impossible to get a hold of and the food just turned out to by not that good. The burgers were just not the appealing, the wings dull and the last time we got nachos the ingredients were undercooked enough to get you sick.
The beer selection still remains good enough for a bar seat, however, much of the crowd has changed. It is very much becoming more like it's brother store in the Neshaminity Mall but the beer specials are enough to keep rolling in every once in a while.I used to be really down on Manny Brown's. I mean, REALLY down. I hated it. I went for lunch several times in the late 90s/early oughts, and it was not good. I am not sure what happened. Maybe I got older and my tastes changed. Maybe there were changes in the BOH. But my recent visits have been fine. FULL DISCLOSURE: all of my visits of late have been for Taco Tuesday, after 10pm, with quite a buzz on. The tacos are pretty awesome for being so cheap. The service is REALLY friendly, and the atmosphere is pretty alright for a South Street bar. 
All that said, I have one MAJOR gripe with Manny Brown's: the televisions. It's 2012 for goodness sake; invest in some flat-screens!
Yay, tacos!Stopped here as the first stop of the Big Red Pedal Tour's Pub Crawl South Street Route.  The visit started off innocently enough with an energetic server and decent specials.  Then the 2-inch cockroach crawled on the booth we were sitting on.  Left immediately.  Never to return.
If you're reading this from the Big Red Pedal Tour...you can do better.I used to hang out here every Thurs and Sunday religiously a few years ago when the bartenders were friendly, (some) of the drinks were free and you could meet all sorts of people by pulling a seat up at the bar.  
The few times I have been here recently it has been relatively empty and sad.  The beer selection is a million times better than it used to be but the problem is-no one is there drinking it.  
The only consistent thing is most of the staff is rude and inattentive and I believe that will never change.  Hipsters with attitudes for no reason.My favorite bar in Philly. This place is the best! Great beer selection. Good mix of people in the crowd. The people are about as nice as people get here in philly! Good music, good food, great location and the front of the bar is removed during the summer for an open feel!Soo, I started out very happily (and thirsty) walking on south street looking for a good place to have a stiff drink and all around chill atmosphere. I see Manny Brown's and immediately think - this place looks cool - a blonde/teal female server wearing a Phillies shirt approached (my boyfriend and I) at the table, pointed at our fully wrapped Jim's Steaks cheesesteak and barked "...you can't eat that in here..." - we thought...well, nice to meet you too. We ordered our drinks, Titos and soda - the server walked over to the bartender and (mocking me in full animated California valley girl characterization) says to the bartender "...OMG, do you have Teeeeeedoh's?" (using her hand to flip her hair back - - - the really strange thing was....she was only 8ft away when she did this - I left the bar after consuming that one drink, my boyfriend paid the bill....then proceeded to verbally level this women for her rude, defiling manor and disposition - we will never return to this establishment - this woman (is) this establishment if they hire and condone this behavior  -  patrons beware!Popped in for a drink. That turned into a few. I had a great time. Will definitely stop in the next time I'm in town!Manny's has become a good standby bar for my friends and I- meaning a good catchall that most people can agree on. Gotta whole bunch people around and want to go out somewhere, anywhere, just for the hell of it? Why not Manny's?
The main draw is the beer selection, one of the best on South Street. There are often specials for the economically challenged among us, but those in need of something significantly stronger than PBR will have nothing to complain about here.
The food selection doesn't go beyond standard "bar food"- the difference is that they do it really well. I've always been a fan of the wings and nachos, my gf swears by the buffalo chicken.
The back space is good for gatherings- I went there for my birthday this year and was very pleased. One of the best features is the surprisingly extensive jukebox selection, which allows me to impose my taste on unsuspecting patrons (Notorious BIG followed by Lisa Loeb- didn't see THAT coming, did ya!?). The TV selection is almost exclusively sports, for those interested. (I myself only enjoy the Olympics and the fair-weather Philadelphia teams).It seems obvious that the kitchen staff has it in for the servers. I ordered the grilled tuna sandwich without the roll and here it comes, stuck to the roll.
My friend ordered the "shroom burger", and it arrived without one mushroom in sight.
The food was cooked well and tasty. The server was attentive, and the beer list slightly above average.I liked this bar quite a bit. The lovely bartender served me up a cocktail in a pint glass, she must be a mind reader! The people in the bar were festive but not annoyingly so and they were friendly, which is why we went in to begin with.
I love the open air feel of Manny's, more bars should be set up like this!Similar to one of the other recent reviewers, we stumbled across this place. We'd planned on going to Percy Street Barbecue but found it "Closed for Renovations". Began walking down South Street to check out another place and stopped in here instead.
Definitely a dive bar feel from the décor. Has the autographed dollar bills mentioned on the ceiling, etc. High tops in the bar area and wooden booths towards the back from what I recall. The space is on the narrow side and deep.
Many draft beers and a huge selection of bottled beer. I went with the Margarita special. Solid value. My friend had a Goose Island draft.
We did the Tater Tots special, with Chipotle sauce. The Tots themselves were OK, nothing special, but the sauce was good. Quite a lot portion for a whopping $5, we didn't finish them. I did the Turkey Burger special which included some tasty Sweet Potato fries. Believe it was $8. Good toppings and tasty.
Friend did their Western Burger off the menu. If I recall it's grilled with some Cajun seasoning. I'm familiar with another place's "Western Burger" which has BBQ sauce so at my suggestion Friend requested some of theirs on the side. She enjoyed it and it came with a large portion of regular fries which I believe were seasoned with pepper.
Service was attentive and solid. Restroom could use some TLC. We were visiting a friend's nearby boutique. I expect to be back at the boutique and Manny's in the future.I always find it amazing that this bar is on South St, because it so lacks that pervasive atmosphere of ghetto meets hipster meets teenagers from Jersey meets college students on their first outing in Philly that so pervades every other place on the street.  It's not really a South St. bar, it's a bar that happens to be located on South St.  This is a very good thing.
The beer selection is great, the food is yummy, and the prices are quite reasonable.  The music really is too loud sometimes, and usually whoever controls the jukebox buys an hours worth of crap, but hey, it's still on South St, after all.  It's about as good as it can be, and I enjoy myself whenever I'm there.I never realized how friendly people in Philadelphia are.  Or at least on South Street they are.  Within 10 minutes of being in this bar the bartender introduced herself to me and so did the guy sitting to my right.  I could see this being a bar I would frequent if I ever lived here.
After walking around South Street for an hour and stuffing myself with a pre-dinner slice of pizza (appetizer) I decided it was time for a beer.  It was happy hour time and Manny Brown's looked like a good place to stop in.  Not packed when I walked in I quickly found a seat at the end of the bar.  Jean the bartender greeted me and asked if I knew what I wanted.  I did not, but she gave me a beer list (nice tap and bottle selection) and I chose a Sly Fox Christmas Ale which was full of holiday spirit and alcohol.  Nice warmth coming off this beer on a coldish early evening.
Within about 5 minutes the seats at the bar were pretty full although the ones to my right and left were still vacant.  That changed a few minutes after that.  Seemed like the people that sat on both sides of me were locals as they were chatting it up by first name with all the people that worked here this night.  The guy to my right introduced himself and shortly thereafter Jean the bartender also introduced herself.  I noticed the guy was wearing a NY Giants (I'm a fan) winter hat and questioned how he could walk around Philadelphia with that hat without being killed.  Philadelphia sports fans tend to be angry fans.  Sorry to those of you who aren't.  I am not saying that all of you are angry.  He said he does fine around this part of town, but where he lives it is another story.
Anyway, enough about that.  Manny Brown's is a very friendly place.  They do have a nice beer list.  Pints only seem to be $2.75 at happy hour and that is never going to be a bad thing.  I hope to come back here again the next time I'm in town.  Maybe I'll even wear some Giants or Mets gear.  Probably not though.Great food and drinks for the price. Just a cool little spot.Was there yesterday. The bartender Carla was a joy ordered  clam steamers and. Peel /eat shrimp. Atmosphere is nice it was my first time there but glad I came. So if your in Philly for a visit. Stop by. You be glad you didA perfect neighborhood bar, cheap awesome beer selection with a chill crowd. The service is great and great specials.This place is great!  I used to live nearby and it was always my trusty standby.  We came in on Saturday night after a fun dinner across the way.  There was a big group of us, but there is almost aways ample room regardless of how many people you're with.  A band was playing some good jams, and they even sang happy birthday to me which was nice.  Waitresses are attentive, but not too attentive.  Food I would categorize as solid bar food.  They almost always are running a special and I almost always want whatever is on special.  Great spot thru and thru.Was walking down South Street with friends on Saturday night and decided to stop in to this friendly looking place.  HOWEVER....my friend, a lover of beers, ordered something she had not had before and didn't care for it.  I encouraged her to send it back and get something different.  The female bartender was having none of it!  She not only didn't let my friend get something she would enjoy...she took my glass which was still easily 25% full.  I was with a group of 6 professional adults, willing to hang and spend some money one a few rounds.  We left immediately and were totally turned off by the attitude we got from the bartender.  I would not go back and do not recommend.The beer was warm and the food not so great. The nachos are those yellow brown cardboard kind. More of a sports bar vibe. Ok, so it's on south street. i guess they think they don't have to try their hardest because of the location. walk a few doors west and go to Tattooed Mom instead.I happened to wander in here on a bar crawl just as it was time to fuel up with some food to keep the night going.  Right after sitting down, the aroma of wings filled my senses.  It was set, I didn't even have to open up the menu.  A few minutes later, four orders of wings for four guys were being brought to us.  The wings were very good.  They didn't have a signature, stand apart taste, but every bar or restaurant should meet these minimum standards.  The wings had a prototypical buffalo flavor to them that every place needs.  I'm happy to say I've added a wing spot on South Street to expand my geographical locations on where to find decent ones when the craving strikes.Manny Brown's is a fine spot with a great selection of beers on draft and perusing list available for a take out sixer.  Rock and roll.Solid dive. I can only speak to the reasonably priced drinks and the helpful service, since I haven't eaten anything here yet. Not the kind of place I'd spend a whole night at, but perfect for ducking in before or after going somewhere else, like the TLA. It's pretty dark, but the dollar bills stuck to the walls lend a touch of whimsy. I've heard good things about the wings- maybe one day.I visited Philly recently on a road trip down to Virginia. I was told that South St was the place to be in town, but walking down from the Mutter museum, I felt like I was in a ghost town. Manny Brown's was the first place my group managed to find in 16 or so blocks that looked like a cheap, suitable place for beers and burgers. (I still regret not stopping at one of the soul food places along the way). The happy hour deal was good, half price draft beers. I had my first Philly Cheese Steak here, and I was not impressed (the meat was incredibly dry), but it was filling and after a day's worth of walking/driving, it was a good place to relax.Got lucky and found this place today and had lunch. I had the pork sandwich with au jus and it was pretty good. 7$ for a real hefty sandwich and a solid portion of fries. It wasn't busy but it dis have a great beer selection and it reminded me of the dives we loved in the Florida keys but without the trop rock music. Didn't get to dive Into the beer list as I was working but it's the perfect kind of place to pregame a fun night out and I hear there's live music too!So I came into Phili and had no idea of this place , after walking south street I stumbled into this bar! First and foremost I felt very welcomed at this bar along with my gf! It was a little dive bar type of bar but very cool ! The wait staff was cool on the first night and her name was Macy ! She was cool and very attentive . We had a few margaritas and had the buffalo chicken quesadillas and I had the chimichanga !!! Both excellent choices ! Good serving size!! 
The second day on Saturday they had live music until about 10pm then played throwbacks !! Very cool crowd .  What I like about this place it seems to me that there are locals that come to this bar . 
The little thing that grabbed my attention was all the singles taped to the beam boards and I had to go along with the hype !!!! 
Definitely check this place outBack again, this time mid afternoon. Hoped they had a Fernet to help me get over my Ishkabibble...but settled for a nice brew. Revolving beers on tap make it interesting and they serve up Tuesday Margaritas for your drinking pleasure.I love booths. Something about sitting in a booth brings me huge comfort. Then add the fact that this place has cheap good eats and a really great beer selection, um we have a winner? My bf and I go through phases where we go here all the time. I love their buffalo chicken strips, he loves their nachos. We are simple people, what can I say? 
The backroom is GREAT for groups. and the jukebox is a lot of fun because people pick the craziest songs. 
I generally find myself having a great time here, but once or twice service has been bad on a slow nice. Overall I am a fan, and I will continue to visit so long as the food continues to be awesome and the beer selection vast.Mainly gets the three stars for a good beer selection.  The food was average bar fare and was relatively inexpensive.  I liked the atmosphere.  Music was super loud which might be fine on most nights, but we were out for a few quiet beers and some conversation...  Service seemed to be a bit slow at times considering they weren't very busy.  We enjoyed the $2 lager special from 8 til midnight.  (Thursday.)  I'd probably come back as I'd give many of the other bars on this section of South Street a worse than 3 star rating...If you're in the mood for cheap wings and PBR, Manny Brown's is the place for you. Have fun putting up with the South Street crowd.
It isn't expensive and the service tends to be quick, but don't expect much.Eh.... came on meetup for trivia. Server was short and acted annoyed that we were there. Trivia guy was super nice. Beer selection was good. Buffalo wings were good. Ladies ordered skinny Rita's.I like this bar.  It has the overflow room to accommodate extra drunkards, a great mix of clients- hipsters, frat boys, and cougars living in imbibing harmony.  AND they have a Scottish Ale called "Old Chub" which inspired an outburst of song (check my pics).
tee-hee-hee I said OLD Chub...
Minus a star for having a billion television sets.Decent craft beer selection; friendly wait staff and patrons. Love the South Street areaHave only been here for drinks a couple times. Decent draft and cocktail list. Seems like there are a lot of regulars that frequent this place. They have a fairly extensive menu and the people around us seemed to enjoy their food. The played a lot of 90's grunge which I enjoyed. Bartenders were friendly and attentive.Overall solid place. Great wings and good specials. Staff is friendly and there is good service.The waitress was a bitch, frowning, not really speaking at all, and mostly sitting in one of the booths, with probably another waitress, and randomly coming over to us like we were the end of her world. That was great. They should have an attitude. Our food was good and gave us some heart-attack warnings on the way out, or was that the cigarettes we were constantly smoking right outside every two seconds?
This place is almost in the heart of South Street, so there's a lot of people that walk by, to look at it, hit on, get conned by.
The music selection was mostly punk rock, punk, rock. The digital jukebox for some reason didn't have as great a selection as I thought it would, though, so be warned! Not every one of those things has what they say they have! Speaking of selections, get ready for a pretty good and somewhat surprising selection of beer, and get ready for a menu which has an outdated drink section.
The clientele is mixed and that's great. You've got the oldies with the youngins and everything in between. At first I thought it was going to be overrun by hipsters and we wouldn't be able to enjoy our meal in peace, but those stone-cold-eyed regulars gave us stares that made us forget about the rest of realityI've come here a few times and have had good experiences, until today. I came in for happy hour, which was pretty good because they had well drinks for $2.75. Because of that, I ordered a double. At every other restaurant, you would assume that a double would just be 2 of whatever the happy hour price is, correct? NOPE! NOT AT MANNY BROWN'S!! The male server charged me $2.75 for the first shot and $4.00 for the second. HOW. DOES. THAT. MAKE. SENSE. Oh wait, it DOES NOT. On top of that, the server took forever to greet us, get our food out (when it WAS NOT busy) and to bring our check. I have been waiting for over 20 minutes just to pay and leave. I am absolutely INFURIATED and will NEVER be returning. Also, one of the other times I was here, I saw a cockroach crawling up the wall. DO NOT EAT HERE if you want to have good service and a cleanly atmosphere.I love coming to this place for the great specials.  The bartenders at night are all great and the service staff is really friendly.  For having to deal with the all the trash hanging around south street it's amazing that they stay so upbeat and positive.  The TVs at the bar are great for watching any sports games and the food and drink specials are always great.  It's ALWAYS open until 2 so if you're out late and looking for a quick drink or a 6-pack to go, this is is place to be.I feel like whenever I am on South Street, Manny Brown's is my bar of choice. It's cool in a turn of the century tavern sort of way and has a great selection of beers. I really dig the ceiling in particular and the heavy dark wood. The bartenders are quick and friendly enough that I don't feel like I am being a burden to them by ordering a drink which is a nice change of pace from other bars. Overall, it is great place to hangout with some friends and enjoy a few drinks.I love this place.  I walked by on a cold football Sunday, and was embraced by the friendliest bartenders who oozed a welcoming hospitality.  Cold beers, cheap prices, warm atmosphere.  The copper-topped bar is just plain nice. French doors facing South St. make for great people watching while ensconced inside. This truly is one of the best dive bars in Philly. I brought a buddy in who lives locally, and he said it would one of his new "go to" places.we went for a friends birthday surprise last night. its nothing fancy. and i didnt try the food, but the beer list is extensive. if you are a beer lover, which most of my crew is, youre in heaven. i, sadly, am not. the drinks are reasonable. $5 for a stoli and club. im cool with that. there was the worst, drunk girl there. she was lucky she left on her own 2 feet, cause she was about to get a beat down of monumental proportion. weve all been the problem child at one point. but this one was awful. almost ruining our festive occassion. but the staff was so gracious. sweet. quick. great service. they were super busy, but it didnt seem like it. we never waited for drinks. i cant say ill be back. south street is not my usual hang. but it was def nice. i would recommend it to everyone.Decent beer prices, comfortable atmosphere... and it's on South Street? This place is sort of the best kept secret among folks who work in the area and get enough partiers, tourists, eventgoers and crazies at their jobs. The people who work here are pretty nice if you don't treat them like vending machines, and they offer carry-out six packs if you're in a hurry.I came here from Fat Tuesday's one night after the latter establishment told me a Rolling Rock bottle was $7. 
At Manny's I got a window seat away from the crowded bar, 2 baskets of fries and two beers for under $20. The fries were surprisingly addicting (hence the 2) and I would definitely order more bar-esce food next time I go.
The place was pretty packed compared to other bars, so they must be doing something right.I've always liked this place. They've always had good beer, good food, and good drinks. They've always had good entertainment and good bartenders too. I've had some good times here and met some cool people from like all over the world. I've always really enjoyed their Quizzo too. 
I feel like this place is one of the last hold outs on a very rapidly declining and getting VERY VERY TRASHY South St. The last few times I've been there the place has been edgier than before, and it's no fault of the staff. It's just a shame to see people come into this place and start shit.
This is not the bar to be ghetto at on South St. Practically all of South St. is ghetto now. Not urban. Ghetto. 5th & Olney ghetto, but thinks it's swanky.
If you want to act like a drunken teenage clown go to Fat Tuesday's. If you want to gawk at fat assed women, stuffed into spandex, that look like a Crayola box threw up on them, again Fat Tuesday's. If you want to get your bro on, South St. Diner, Copabanana (shithole), Boyler Room, Lorenzo's, Lickety Split, you got plenty of choices for places to act like a jackass.
Knock yourself out, but for the love of GOD leave this cool bar for adults and cool people to enjoy and appreciate. 
Again, this place is pretty cool, the staff are nice and work hard, the food is good, the drink selection is good. I like this place, but you can't control it when riff raff decides to invade, and again I think that's more because South St. is so crappy now.
The only reason this place gets 3 stars and not 4 is because they conceded and added a grape flavored drink to the specials menu to appease the stragglers. And each time I have seen someone order it, they bitch about the price. I haven't been there in a little bit so maybe it's gone from the menu, which, if it is, good, and if not, why?
Again, if you want candy flavored crap and to act like a moron, leave this place. Fat Tuesday's is right down the block. Have fun. Plenty of illiterate skanks to play with. Otherwise, don't ruin a good place for people like myself who dig cool chill spots and hate to lose our quirky places because stupidity is the norm.Whenever I end up on South Street I try to go to other places, but this is the place I end up.  Everywhere else is trying to "be" something.  This place is just a bar.  A good solid bar.  "I yam what I yam."Manny Brown's is a Philly staple.   .40 cent wings Sunday and Monday.  Bbq, buffalo, or teriyaki.   Buffalo is nice, jumbo.
Manny's wins on value all day long-  4 beers for $10, and a killer margarita for $5.   $1.25 Taco Tuesday.  Amazingly friendly staff ( one or two a little rough around the edges but so is the crowd ).
Best place to watch NBA in the city.  South Street beer meetup location extraordinaire. Wing Heaven. Multiple drafts and rotating craft handles. It is not a pristine yuppy remodeled yuppy bar, it's a wings, beer, sports trifecta of a bar in which you simply cannot go wrong.  Why haven't you been here already?Looking for a place to pregame before a TLA show,  stumbled on here after a mini pub crawl.  My favorite one of the three places I hit.  I had planned on eating elsewhere, but it was an inviting atmosphere,  good beer,  and tasty looking menu.  Got the Stuffed Burger and it came as advertised.I found Manny Brown's to be a pretty cool spot. It's a bar with typical bar food and fun drinks, so if you are hanging out on South Street and jonesing for the bar scene, this place is probably the best one
Get the "root beer float"! Is is awesome.
PROS: 
- pretty good food
- good drinks
-okay music
CONS:
- Eh...it's a bar
- long waits for service
- pretty loud, but it is a bar on south street
TIPS:
- if you are planning to hang and eat, just find a spot to sit down at the tables. The bar gets kind of packed with those desiring immediate imbibemeantSmall friendly place, great drinks, great times! 
Tie me to the bedpost!
It's a drink, you should get two ;) 
Also Thursday karaoke... always a good time. Older crowd, some college students mixed in... unique, cozy atmosphere.Boyfriend, Mexican Friend and I have attended exactly two Taco Tuesdays in the City of Brotherly Love and Sisterly Affection thus far, and we spent both of them at Manny Brown's.
In the Bella Vista area, and at a few other spots that you'll find scattered around the city, Tuesday means tacos.  Cheap ones.  At Manny Brown's, they're a buck twenty-five, and they come in three varieties: beef, chicken or bean, well-seasoned and delicious.  I especially enjoy the chicken, mostly because other places don't usually offer it.  All come with standard lettuce, tomato and cheese, sour cream and homemade salsa on the side, spicy enough but with additional hot sauce at the ready if necessary.  Oh, and your choice of soft or hard shell.  Go for soft.  This, we had a little bit of a problem with, and I've been bitched out before by other more sympathetic friends with years of table-waiting experience under their belts who think I should give those who are waiting on me less of a hard time.  But, really.  If you are struggling and it's your first night or week or month, write it down.  Come up with a system of memorization.  Or ask for the order again.  I'd much rather be asked than wind up with the wrong food, and that happened a few times, but it was fortunately a minor mistake since we were all ordering the tacos anyway. Well, that's not true.  On the first night, Mexican Friend, defying all cheap taco-eating logic, ordered the chef's salad, and I have to say, it was shockingly large and only cost a couple bucks, a good buy if you're not down with the tacos.  So, first night, great waitress, second night, no so great.  Whatever.  The drunker you get the less it will matter. 
Speaking of which, 5-7 p.m. is happy hour and that means half price brewskis.  Their beer list is several pages long, conveniently laminated, and description-filled with ratings and everything.  If I remember correctly, Miller Lite is available but unrated, so we'll never know how terrible it really is.  I thought the typos were quaint, but Boyfriend is convinced Manny's has got a dyslexic on their hands.  They've got some great beers on draft, which rotate frequently, and they'll let you try samples. There's an even longer bottled beer list, beer cocktail suggestions, and cheap cans of Bud are available during the game if that's your thing.  Oh, and $2.50 Corona bottles on taco nights!  I'd recommend the Kenzinger on draft, since the Philadelphia Brewing Co. is a personal favorite of mine.  I'm also somewhat obsessed lately with Dogfish Head's seasonal Festina Peche, a tart, juicy neo-BerlinerWeisse experience.  $2.50 for a pint during happy hour, and it's 4.5% abv, so you can drink a few of 'em!  Totally worth it.  Try one today.  Or twoHave had a few good times here during weekend days.  Great beer selection and very friendly bartenders!So I"m new to the area, and I wandered into Manny Brown's.  The bartender greeted me with a smile and poured me a few samples and asked relevant questions about my tastes and made suggestions.  I wound up with the Sierra Kellerweis.  The bar was full  and it was a Monday night.  I guess they have some kind of a wing special going on?  Jean definitely made it a point to talk to me and make me feel welcome......AND introduce me around.  This bar has a really nice, welcoming, safe, homey feel.  .I'm surprised by the negative comments on here!  This place is AWESOME!Interesting place for quizzo. Our server was quite rude and had no tolerance working with a larger group. On the bright side, the skinny math was pretty delicious!good food and good beer ! can't ask for more than that. the bartenders could be a little more attentive but other than that it's a great divey spot to hang outI went there on a Monday for 15 cent wings and $6 drafts of beer. The wings were kinda small but for the price they were right. They were extra saucy so ask for a cup of water when u go. Also make sure u get there a little before 8 because it took me and my friend 20 minutes to get a table. Overall I recommend this spot.Stumbled across the place while walking down South St. for Sunday funday. I read all signs and could not resist the $3 beer, 40cent wing special. I'm like "okay, let's see what they have to offer for 40cents" and BOY was I shocked. The wings were meaty and delicious for the price. We received fast service and have vowed to make this a spot on Sunday, and even other days!! They have specials daily.My business partner grew up in Atlantic City and spent a lot of time in Philly growing up.  So when we made a business trip out to Philly & AC he took me for a tour of his old hangout spots.  One of the stops was Manny Brown's.
Since we just loaded up on Roast Beef sandwiches at Nick's in South Philly, we weren't hungry but were parched, so we decided to saddle up to the bar and grab a few drinks.
They have a pretty extensive beer selection both on tap & bottled.  Since it was Happy Hour and select draft beers were 1/2 OFF, I decided to with that....I had a Franszikaner Hefeweizen to start and my 2nd choice was a Bell's Oberon Ale, recommended by the bartender.  Both were amazingly good....and it was 1/2 OFF too!  Yeah baby!  I love Philly!
Will I come back?  If I can remember how to get there, I will!This place is a nice, well priced bar.
$5 margaritas all day everyday. Good food at fair prices. Lots of room. I like how the windows open into the street during the summer.
If I had one small complaint, generally the music is a bit too loud. A local favoriteGreat little spot down south street to grab a drink! Good service and drinks. Bartenders were nice and attentive.