Meh, as an Arab, Maoz was very disappointing.  The worst part was the gross old oil that the falafel and fries were fried in. Also, the falafel did not have that fresh green parsley that good falafel is made with.  The hummus was your average American hummus.  I won't return.Sometimes I ask myself, "Why didn't I review Maoz YEARS ago?" They have THE best sweet potato fries on South Street!  I don't know how well the falafel can measure up to that which I had while I was in Israel, but next time I'm on South Street, I'll give it a shot and see who wins.The problem with falafel is that I never met one I didn't like.  I have had them all over, even on the streets of New York and they were all good.  Saturday my lovely lady and I decided to go into town and walk around the  Queen Village and Bella Vista neighborhoods.  We love looking what people do with plants, flowers and flower boxes in the city.  We decided to eat at Maoz although we first tried Mama's on South but it was closed (Sabbath).  We each got a falafel on whole wheat with eggplant.  We also got there just in time to score the only bench outside.  It was a nice day, the food excellent and the people watching was superb.The real charm of Maoz is when it's 2:15 AM and you're high as shit, wandering with friends on South Philly after having smoked a blunt in that vacant baseball field on Bainbridge. And you wander past Tattooed Moms, past Copabanana, and into Maoz. You're in good company, I've never been in that place with anyone sober and while you're waiting it's quite entertaining. Even better is the make-your-own approach. If you're feeling daring, there are plenty of jalapeno/chili sauces. The food isn't especially greasy and you can get whole wheat pitas if that's your thing (i like them)
Just don't expect finding room to sit, if you're at the south street location. That's part of the appeal! And it is very messy food, so probably not optimal for a first date. But if you're drunk or high and think Lorenzo's and Wawa are played out, I cannot think of better munchie food than Maoz.You've always filled my tummy for around 5$. I got someone absolutely addicted to this place, I'm talking 1-2 times a day addicted. I know the trend of 5$ sandwiches is popular, but when I think of it you always popped up. However, being the one with the addict you were very easy to move on from- you stopped tasting so fresh. Your fries no longer called to me, I got bored of the toppings bar and the hummus - I couldn't taste it apart from the falafel and extra tahini I added. 
Maybe I'll go again, but the smell of maoz does not make my mouth water anymore.I ended up at the South Street Moaz location after visiting a friend at work in that same area.  This location is a LOT smaller than the Walnut Street location that I usually go to.  That being said, I guess I expected it to be like the Walnut Street location.  It was anything but..
The place was a total mess.  There are about 6-10 seats in this tiny eatery, and every one of them was full with people in their late twenties and early thirties-and yes, I'm assuming.  These people acted as though they owned the restaurant... especially the woman who thought it was proper to take bites of her pita and walk back up to the salad bar and shove more of whatever topping into her pita... yeah people.. right on top of where she bit.. and yeah, I saw tong contact.  Gross.  Get some manners.  
Most of the toppings were close to empty or looked like they'd been sitting since 2010, and there was stuff spilled all along the bar.  
I felt bad for the kid working, because maybe this wasn't a rush he was expecting, and it seemed as though he was alone last night.  
Anyway, thanks pigs.  You ruined a great place.I love Maoz.  I squeal with joy whenever I come across a location that I didn't know existed before.  I dream about their falafel, pita, fries, hummus, and mayo.  If they catered, I would have it at my wedding.  If I could eat it everyday without it messing up my digestive track, I would.  I love Maoz.  Love Love Love Love Love.
But this location blows.  
For the record, I had been to this one about two years ago and it was a standard Maoz experience - basically amaze-falafel-balls.  Not this time.
First of all, the air conditioning unit is placed right above the doorway to enter and the thing was leaking like a freaking waterfall.  Nothing to satiate my appetite like getting dumped on with strange chemicals.
Then, the dude behind the counter was just weird.  All grumbly.  He also wrapped our fries up in aluminum foil and put them on the counter without telling us they were our fries.  He told us five minutes later after we asked him where our fries were.  The whole wrapped up thing was weird to me, we didn't ask for anything to go.  Once we got to the fries, all the heat trapped inside the foil had made the fries soggy.  Belgian frites = crispy goodness.  These were not Belgian frites by that point.  They were soggy wetness. 
Also, the garlic mayo in the ketchup type container was not garlic mayo.  It was the consistency of salad dressing, not mayo.  And believe me, I know my french fry mayo.  It was so sad.  So so sad.  
And looking around, everything seemed really dirty.  The floor, the back room, the ceiling, the walls, just gross.
Overall though, it was still Maoz and the salad bar looked fresh and clean.How excited was I to find that my beloved Maoz has opened in the United States. It took me a while since I live on the West Coast.  The other two occasions I ate at Maoz was first in Barcelona and then in Amsterdam.  For some reason, my pilgrimages to Maoz always coincide with rain.  My fondest memory was sitting at a table across the street from the Centraal Station with my umbrella in one hand and my plate of frites getting increasingly soggy by the minute as the rain relentlessly poured down overhead.  My recent visit in Philly was no exception so it seems I have kept the tradition alive.It isn't the highest quality but it is delicious and really cheap. I really like the choose your own salad bar for toppings on your falafel sandwich. It has olives, which is really important! Don't worry about bad breath, the garlic sauce is worth whatever it might do to your breath. Mmm!
If you have been to other Maoz's, you may be a bit disappointed! The salad bar here is limited and the falafel isn't quite as good. The fries are excellent though.We are not vegetarians, but we love this place! Great food at the best prices(cheap). We drive about 25 mins from delaware county to south street when we get a Maoz hankering for fluffy pita pocket sandwiches stuffed with perfect falafelbslls and fried eggplant, overflowing with DELICIOUS  healthy toppings, oozing with garlic mayo and hummus, and capped off with yummy steak fries or slightly sweet potato fries.  All that for about $6.5 including drink. Whenever we are on or near south street  my teenage daughter does not ask for Ishkabibble cheese steak or Lorenzo's  pizza, she requests falafel! and we know she means Maoz.  
P.S. would have given it 5 stars, but it is so tight in there that my four person family makes it seem crowded. Heard they have other locations, they may be larger, but we have only been to the one on south.I agree with the others in saying that this certainly isn't the best falafel out there.  It's not terrible, bad, or even mediocre.  It's just different.  I enjoy eating at this place because it's a  nice change from all the pizza and steak places on South Street.  It's inexpensive and the vegetable/side bar is nice. I always get the jr. maoz because that is filling enough, no way would I be able to eat a whole one.  Oh, and their fries are amazing!  Sometimes the staff are really friendly, other times they are not.  I don't feel like I ever see the same person working there twice, maybe that's not a good sign.  Another plus is that this place is open late, making it great for a post-bar snack.OMIGOD! PHILLY!  I meant to write about the Maoz in Paris and when looking up the information on the web I noticed those lucky Philadelphians have a Maoz in their fare city.  I am seriously contemplating a trip to Philly just for this little shack of a falafel stand. 
In Paris, it is located in the Latin Quarter.  I had been there in '97 and never forgotten it, though never quite knew the name.  in '99 I tried to describe the location to my brother and was dissapointed when he said he couldn't find it.  Two years ago, I went to Paris again and seriously made it my very first mission to see if this place was still in existence...once I reached the Notre Dame, off I went running to the vicinity of where I once believed it was.... SUCCESS!  I loved this place so much my gal pal took a picture of me in front of it.  She even turned into a fan!  
Anyhow, for me the draw is the condiment bar...they serve you tasty falafels in a pita and you fix it up w/ the most interesting (or not) types of fillings...it's not just lettuce, tomato or hummus here...they have different types of salads and sauces.  God, I'm hungry just typing it.  I really should franchise!great place for a quick bite.  service is up to you.  amazing idea for a fast food place.This is by far my favorite place to eat, granted it's not an everyday food. I love the heartiness and freshness of Maoz. I always leave full and incredibly satisfied. Maoz serves up via their salad bar a great selection of veggies to accent your falafel sandwich or salad.  Also a good bargin at around $6.50 for a sandwich Belgian fries and a drink.i was just reviewing alyan's a few blocks away and reminded at how awful this place is. so much so that i don't think i can trust any more reviews of ya'll who give this joint 4 or 5 stars.
just because it has vegan options and you can overstuff your own pita with the salad bar does not make it good. at the core, the falafel itself is just dry, crumbly, wrong. go to alyan's down the street (or mama's on 20th) to see how it's really done. some of the bunk that's in the salad bar at maoz does NOT belong on falafel. let a pro at a real falafel joint do it for you.
if you really don't care about what you put in your body and/or are drunk at 2:30 am and the only other option around is lorenzos, maoz could be for you. otherwise go elsewhere. for god's sake, do not let this be your FIRST falafel experience.Love the falafel here.  I have to disagree with previous reviewers and say that the falafel is NOT too salty- it's just perfect.  
The only reason I am giving 4 stars is because of the seating situation.  It is very hard to eat falafel while standing on the street, especially with all of the delicious sauces and veggies bulging out of it.Maoz is delicious. So delicious in fact, that when my younger brother comes to town he wants Maoz for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. I love that it is open late so I can get my late night vegan drunk eat on. MMMM falafel.I absolutely love maoz to death. Been eating here for years. So happy they finally expanded the resultant now there is like 6-9 tables with chairs. The ONLY reason that I am only giving me four stars instead of five is the fries, like a lot of people here said, eh are a hit or miss.This place is a hit or miss depending on one thing and one thing only: whether or not you enjoy falafel. My boyfriend and friends hate falafel. Whatevs, LOVE IT.
I LOVEEE Moaz Vegetarian. Whenever I go, I get the meal deal which consists of a whole pita pocket with falafel, hummus, and your choice of veggies from the salad bar. It also comes with Belgian fries that are so goddamn goood. 
My mouth it watering right now, I need the meal deal! Ahhh I wish it wasn'y 2 a.m. on a Wednesday.
The only reason this location did not get 5 stars is because there is hardly any seating (and falafel can be messy when you pile every choice from the salad bar onto your pita) with there being only 2 tables. Also, this locations salad bar is tiny compared to the Walnut street location.This is probably my second favorite place to eat on south street. I absolutely love Maoz, but as others have said some of the staff is pretty miserable. It's also very tiny inside, and this time of year it sucks to have to take your food to go when it's cold as balls out. The condiment bar is always well stocked and fresh, and the fries & falafel are always perfect. The eggplant is never soggy either, which is something that other places seem to mess up. I just wish the location was a bit larger and the staff a little less.. depressing.
Oh, and if there are any angsty bands playing at the TLA the really miserable people seem to migrate to maoz, beware.Get the bowl - for $7 you get a ton of tasty vegetables. I like the stuff at the end of the bar - the tabbouleh, cauliflower, and potato salad.I used to strut my falafel-craving ass, in the middle of sweltering summer, from University City all the way to South Street just to eat Maoz. And, mind you, I'm from Houston, where people wouldn't walk to save their lives.
The falafel is crunchy (never soggy) and perfectly spiced, the all-you-can-stuff salad bar and sauces are fresh, and their selection of imported drinks is interesting for a change. Not to mention, if you're coming for anything, come for the fries, which have always been hot, crispy-on-the-outside, soft-on-the-inside, and nicely salted for me. (As a testament to the power of Maoz falafel: a falafel-hating friend was recently converted.)
The only downside: practically no seating room. But, no need to worry! I would walk north to one of the parks up near the Betsy Ross house and swallow my falafel there.I love the falafel here!!
It's not the traditional falafel sandwich, but in my opinion it is equally tasty if not better! A maoz meal gets you a sandwich, drink, and a generous portion of fries.  The falafel can be filled with your choice of tons of veggies (yummy carrots, cauliflower, cabbage), couscous, and many different sauces (my fave is the yogurt sauce).  
A tip on filling up your sandwich: smush the falafel balls a little bit first so you can get an even distribution of filling!
soooo goood! and open really late!Food is fresh and delicious. Service is very good.  I always return to this location of Maoz.  Do not bother going to the one on Walnut street, they haven't bothered teaching their staff any manners or customer service skills.What has happened to my beloved Maoz? The last two times I have stopped by to get my falafel fix have let much to be desired.  The first recent encounter was pretty gross.  It was obvious that the tables hasn't been wiped down in quite a while, and there were little corn kernels all over the place.  I ended up taking my falafel to go because it was nasty.
Then, today at 10:10 pm I stopped by again in hopes that my last experience was a fluke.  Well, I wish I could tell you that it was cleaner, but they were closed! The sign on the door clearly state they are open till 1:00am, so I'm not sure what the problem was. The little hipster on the other side of the door just shook his head no until I gave up and walked away.  
I will probably give Maoz one last chance since their food is pretty tasty. But as of late I have been very disappointed with what used to be my old stand by.Not a vegetarian, by any standards, but I happened to be on South Street and did not want to wait for the line around the block at Jim's Steaks. Heard from a (vegetarian) friend that Maoz was good, but wasn't too sure I was going to like it. Turned out to be very tasty; I got the Royal Maoz, had fried eggplant and chickpeas with hummus spread wrapped in pita bread, and you could put whatever toppings you wanted in it. What suprised me most was the fact that the food was tasty, yet fatty and greasy. I had imagined a vegetarian place as a very health-conscious eatery, and was not expecting to get indigestion...Fresh and tasty food.  The falafel was soooo good inside the pita.  The hummas was among the best I've had at a restaurant.  Great little stop.Holy Moses!
They accept credit cards!  
Ring the bells of liberty as the shackles of carrying around ancient artifacts of paper have been broken!
Seriously, though.  If you're in the neighborhood, rock the Moaz late at night, shackles or no.  Tasty falafel is so delicious when you can make it your way.Great falafel and great late night snacks.  Lots of toppings in their topping bar and you get to put it together yourself!  Lots of tahini and tzatziki for me, and don't forget the hummus.  Also their belgian fries are enormous and you get a lot of them and they're only two bucks!  The best cheap eatery on South Street.  They also have meals or salad bar which is basically a deconstructed falafel sandwich. 
I was surprised to find out that South Street was the only American location in this international chain, and that they are mostly in Europe.  Now there's a second location uptown!  Awesome!!The following review will sound incredibly snobbish.  Damn the torpedoes -- I don't care because it's true:
I studied in Europe and I used to enjoy nothing more than late nights out concluding with a trip to a Turkish falafel joint.  I've eaten some incredible falafel on such endeavors.  
Maoz is cool because it reminds me of these amazing places in Europe, but it's just not the same.  I can't put my finger on it.  I know that, as a novice reviewer, my job is to put my finger on it, but I can't.  There's just something missing.
Don't get me wrong, Maoz isn't bad.  It just doesn't compare to its European cousins.  (Probably because it's just a chain from Europe.)I am by no means a huge falafel fan... but I love the falafel here! It isn't loaded with spices, it's cooked perfectly with a crunchy outside and soft inside, and it is complemented perfectly by all the "fixin"s Maoz offers. 
Yes... the fixins are the BEST part. There's a whole bunch of them - tomato salad, cucumber salad, tabouleh, cole slaw, corn, and sauces that range from not spicy (a GREAT cilantro sauce) to very spicy. So the nicest part about Maoz, IMHO, is that you can easily customize. 
A few suggestions 
-Get a junior. It's enough. 
-Be wary that there isn't much choice on the menu outside the falafel. It's pretty much just pita and the things that go in pita (or a salad made of those same things). So be sure that's what you want.
-Fries are ok, but with the garlic mayo sauce, they're DELISH.
-Also Tzaziki sauce is very good.
-Try not to overload your pita. It's easy to do since you have free reign.
-I think the one on Walnut is much more inviting than the one on South, but the food is pretty much the same.
I know this is already unnecessarily long but I also just have to say I have NO idea how to pronounce the name of this place. So when I try to recommend it to people, I probably sound like an idiot. Does anyone know how to correctly say it?Their falafel is pretty great I'll give them that.  I take it with hummus and no eggplant.  The eggplant in my opinion is too mushy and hard to chew.  I pile as much toppings on as possible.  They have a nice selection and recently have tried to relabel items.  The one thing that I don't like that my friends love is their chips.  Which by the way, they don't even call them "chips" anymore, they are officially calling them "fries".  I think they are simply too greasy and not very flavorful.It's been awhile since I dined at Maoz, but something I'll never forget.  My first adventure to Maoz was quite exciting, as there was a bomb threat in the building next door.  But not so much a bomb threat as a mysterious brief-case.  Woohoo vacation!  Woohoo bat-shit-crazy South Street!
The food was great, and the little topping bar made my knees buckle.  The fries were INCREDIBLE - like nothing I've ever had before, seriously.  I trolled up and down South Street for most of the night looking for something vegetarian and when I was about to abandon hope, turn around and get something from Whole Foods... Maoz appeared, a bright, white beacon of yum yums.
Seriously, I'd be here every day if I lived in Philly.We really enjoyed their salad bowl, a fix it yourself medley of unique ingredients, and very unlike your typical American salad bars.  It definitely had a Euro-Turkish flair and reminded me of something in the Netherlands or Germany.  Great for a light bite.  And we are not vegetarians.One of my favorite spots in the entire city.  The falafel here has completely ruined me for other falafel.  The variety of sauces and fresh vegetables are delicious.  I usually opt for the salad bowl.
Their fresh juice is great too.it's pretty good, but i wish they had more seating, because it's hard to eat the maoz, hold your fries and drink without a seat or table.  a great place for my friends since they are exclusively herbivores.No meat to be found in the place.  Seems a pretty healthy meal even if you eat the big cone of Belgian fries.  A great value at $6.50, drink included.  Delicious savory spicy flavors, many salsas, olives, pickled goods and slaws.  Slight drawbacks are spotty service, no credit cards accepted and very few seats inside.  No park benches in the area means you may be eating your falafel standing in South Street.  But at least it's tasty.  Overall a highly recommended lunch spot.As bad as this sounds, I stumbled into Maoz one evening (completely sober), skimmed the menu board, and asked if they served meat.  I was pretty embarrassed once I figured out that it was a vegetarian restaurant. 
Nonetheless, I found that the meals here are enough to keep you full for hours if you make the most of the salad bar.  Maoz doesn't provide plates (because people would abuse them I guess) so you must either pile your fixin's into your pita/salad or onto a sheet of aluminum foil.  Classy, right?  I kind of wish that they had a B.Y.O.D policy (bring your own dish). 
I'll end my review with Kara's "keys to the game":
1)The south street location has very limited seating, so if you're with a group, go to the one on walnut.
2) The fries really are hit or miss.
3) The broccoli & cauliflower mix is horrible.. it's deep-fried in the same oil as the potatoes.  Plus, I think deep-frying broccoli defeats the purpose.
4) The sauces are great.I was walking down South St. and noticed this place...so I grabbed dinner here. I tried a felafel sandwich for the first time--it was pretty good. You order what you want, then they give you the sandwich, and then you can put what you want in it from the buffet of toppings-corn, tomatoes, yogurt sauce, etc.  You give it back to them (if it's to go) and they wrap it for you. 
I can't wait to go back the next time I'm in the area! :)well, it's not as freshly magical as the Maoz in Europe... but HOT DAMN this is some yummy falafel for the U$A. on occasion it can be a tad dry or cold, but i'll snag a pita from here whenever i'm in the area/mood. what makes the sammies here so good is the FREE FIXIN'S BAR, which is like the old Roy Rogers Fixin's Bar but infinitely healthier:
maters, yogurt sauce, firm cucumbers, sauteed carrots, pickles, cooked broccoli, hot peppers & the like are yours to pile sky high atop fried falafel balls. i was a little bummed about the quality of the beets & olives here compared to the European Maoz, but will hold off on the six hour planeride. fries and tabouli also are in the mix if you desire.
the place is a bit cramped, with only a few stools - but if you expect more in this neighborhood you're mixed up to begin with. have no fear about the cleanliness of the food - it's all right in front of you. service is not the point here... it's a carry-out place. you go in, order, pay & eat. mmmmmmmmm. yum.
you won't eat better for 5 bucks on South Street. just try to fit in without hurting anyone... or offending anyone for not being as cool as them.I've been a huge fan of this place over the the years. Instead of having some awful pizza on the adjacent corner I discovered this place after being introduced to it by a vegan friend.
To this day, I'm pretty sure everything there is vegan aside from the garlic mayo and probably the cole slaw.
At any rate, hands down some of the most delicious falafel I've ever had. Factoid: I used to be so obsessed with this place that I'd look up other locations and at that point in time Philly had the only location in the US. Now we have two and it's spread to other cities like NYC, LA and somewhere in FL.Hands down, best falafel I've ever had.  Food was super fresh, they fry the falafels right after you order, and you get to choose from a salad bar-esque set-up of vegetables and sauces.  Everything is good, especially the pickled baby eggplant and tabouli salad. Prices are very reasonable as well, you can get a falafel with 5 falafel balls, hummus and all the sauces and toppings you can stuff in for under $5.  Also all the sauces are great too.Oh, Maoz!  For fast, delicious, pretend-it's-healthy vegetarian fare, you can't beat this place.  The falafel and fries are tasty, the variety of ingredients/toppings is overwhelming, and the price is right. Plus, you get to jam those random ingredients into the sandwich with a tiny poking stick!  What more could you ask for?
Well, some extra seating would be nice, but I'm fine with eating my falafel on the go.When my cheap ass friends came to visit me in Philly and told me that they wanted to eat a 5 dollar dinner, I thought it impossible.  Picking my brain for something THAT cheap, but still decent sized, I thought of all the take out places in Philly.  Two of them were vegetarian not to mention myself so fast food is not an option and is unhealthy anyway.  Then I remembered this tiny little place on south street that I remember visiting in New York years before.  
Maoz is a chain, but is delicious.  I reccomend the meal that comes with half a pita sandwich and fries and salad bar and drink for under 7 dollars.  It's a great deal, delich veggies in the salad bar (i love beets).  The place is TINY and a bit falling apart, but that is to be expected on South Street.Maoz is delicious.  It is the high point of falafel.  It's burn-your-mouth fantabulous.  I like it with eggplant, no hummus.  And I recommend the hottest sauce on the toppings bar (I think it's green) along with the amazing carrots.  The only drawback to this location is that there's no real seating on the inside.  But come during warm weather and get your Maoz and then take a people-watching wander around South St. and Headhouse Square and you are all set.This is the best fast falafel I think I've ever had. Period.
How can you not love a place with huge portions, and build your own pita???It is great to have a falafel place in town.  Very glad Maoz is around.
But why do I always get the feeling that they're kinda making it up as they go along when I'm there?  
Maybe it's because I've been there two dozen times and never seen the same employee twice.  Or maybe it's some notion that the vegetarian fast-food thing necessitates additional anti-"the man" stances, stances against things like standardization and organization.  
Whatever it is, I just wish they'd get their organizational sh*t together a bit more so I wouldn't have to wait 10 minutes for a simple, simple falafel with only one person in front of me half the time I go there.i wish there were more of these located throughout the city, as opposed to the food carts that are omnipresent.  it's a great falafel place, and you can add on toppings as you please.  the pita and the falafel is fabulous and filling -- the only difficulty is trying to eat w/out spilling.  There are a few stools and a bench outside, but it can get crowded so it can easily leave you hanging for a place to sit.    but somehow it all works well because you can refill the toppings as you please, no charge.  definitely worth a visit!The falafel here is superb...so crispy on the outside but soft on the inside, and there's no shortage of great stuff to put on it.  And it's cheap.
The only reasons I give it four stars instead of five: The tap water I got was hardly cold and had no ice (I'm not sure if they have any), there's hardly any seating and the seating they do have is awkward (uncomfortable stools).  But after wandering aimlessly along South Street in search of a cheap meal that wasn't a stupid cheesesteak I'm very glad I chose this place.  I'd recommend it to anyone.My first to trip to Philadelphia and do I have a world famous Philly Cheese Steak?  
NOOOOOO  
I end up eating a freaking Falafel with Eggplant and Hummus Sandwich!!!
Just when I was at the end of my rope with dating an Effin' Vegetarian I begrudgingly bite into my Falafel Hummus Eggplant pita topped with exotic salad bar goodness.  And all of my hate and bitterness for principled, meat-abstainers went out the window.
This place is so good that:
- I've been craving falafel since I finished the last bite (OK, since my boyfriend finished MY last bite)
-I'm trying to find a way to open a franchise.  Even if it includes having to sell my momma into a nefarious human trafficking ring.
-I will visit Philly again and visit Maoz..  But, let's keep it real, I probably will also have a Philly Cheese Steak on that visit too.First let me say that I was one of this location's first customers.  When my son started eating solids soon after it opened ~9 years ago, we would go here all the time for their cauliflower and hummus.  We have been regular customers and huge fans for many years.
And we almost never go anymore.  
The owner was always penny-pinching but over the years (understaffing, running out of ingredients) but it has gotten much worse.  Our last visit there (for $30 takeout for 4 people - a high ticket for them) was just awful.  They had run out of white pita.  They had run out of eggplant.  They had run out of the little plastic cups for takeout sauces.  I ordered white pita falafel sandwiches with eggplant - and ended up with whole wheat pita falafel sandwiches without eggplant (but naturally was charged the same price even though I didn't get what I had ordered).  
The food is still good, but why should I go if they often don't have what we want?I haven't been there in over a year, but the food was fresh and tasty (and free!) when I was there... 
It used to be a lot cleaner when it first opened - and I still miss the fresh-squeezed juice option with the value meals (falafel, frites, and juice). 
It gets crowded, and there's usually no place to sit. 
Good tunes, and cool staff. 
P.S. - Maoz is the reason my PA smells like old cooking grease.Oh Maoz, why are you a 15 min walk from my house?  For if you were only a 5 min walk, I'd be more inclined to get off my lazy butt and enjoy your balls of falafel and endless assortment of toppings.   Yes, I will fill my pita to the brim with every topping on display and have the counter person awkwardly wrap it up and place it in the bag.  Then I will remember that I need to walk another 15 min back so that I can devour your tastiness and fries.  Oh Maoz.Whole wheat Pita with Hummus for $4.01.  That's a fantastic deal and a filling, healthy enough lunch.  It's clean, it's fast, and there are plenty of options.  Also, great falafel and fries, and a friendly staff.Totally solid - very good falafel and fries. This is my second trip to Maoz, and much like the first, there was an array of wonderful cold salads and such to put into your falafel. The cabbage, broccoli, and cilantro salsa were especially nice. The home-made lemonade is also very good - not too sweet, quite refreshing. 
On the other hand, with five falafel balls, the pita becomes rather full and hard to add things to. Maybe there's a trick and I didn't get it, but about 2/3 the way through all that is left is falafel and it's a bit dry on it's own.Quick meal solution. Late night snack. Respite from my current meat-fueled eating habits. A pocket of piping hot veggie heaven wrapped up and ready for me to get all over my beard. 
Maoz is all of this to me. I've been coming to this location for years without fail, thanks to the freshly fried felafel, crispy fries and smorgasbord of toppings to make the pita my own. Some pickles, eggplant, humus, cilantro sauce, tabbouleh, tahini sauce and you've got yourself a (sort of) healthy, yet fast bite. 
It might take a minute or three before you're actually holding your jam-packed pita surprise, as the place seems to only employ one person at a time. In a test of mental and physical aptitude, he bakes pitas, fries felafel, assembles orders, rings people up and bags take-out orders all at the same damn time. 
Have I eaten better felafel? Yea, sure, of course. But when I'm hankering for a fast dinner, this is one of the first places that comes to mind.This place rocks! I wish there was one near my work... or anywhere in North Jersey for that matter...
"Hmmm, too bad you guys aren't in NYC...." I say to the guy at the counter, making small talk as I wait...mouth drooling...for my pita with eggplant and hummus...
"Uh, I think we are in NYC...in fact, I think that there are multiple locations.."
Dumb me... He was right- 3 locations in NYC! Wow! 
This place is amazing. You order for like $3 and change a whole wheat pita with hummus and eggplant...then help yourself to the salad bar to put ANYTHING you can FIT IN THE PITA for the same price?! Are you kdiding me? This place is amazing. And the salad bar pita - filler - uppers are great....
People that work anywhere near these fast food places are so lucky- Finally a fast food restaurant catering to vegetarian options.
Repeat: I wish they were in North Jersey.Seriously, though? We can order anything we want here? 
For an out of new york spot, I was surprised by the fresh and just-so crisp falafel, the soft, warm pita, thick, rich hummus, and gorgeous, fresh, and free salad bar. Vegetarians rejoice: heaven has come to south street, and there's no sex involved.
Sure, it's tiny. But there's always at least one cute person working the counter. And that's reason enough to eat inside. You know I'm right.Oh. My. God. If I could write that I'm OBSESSED with this place 100 times for this review then I would, but what help would that be?
Maoz is a European falafel chain restaurant and, last I checked, Philly is the only place in America to have one. It's a really small place, with only 1 table and ledge with 4 seats, but who cares because you can totally walk and eat falafel. There's also a bench outside of the restaurant which is nice to people watching. 
Let start off the food review by saying that I've brought both people who have never tried falafel and those that have had it in the Middle East and everyone has loved it. My grandparents actually said it was better than the falafel they had in Israel, which is saying a lot. The falafel is cooked perfectly with an amazing blend of spices. It's also not dry at all, thankfully. You can get it served on a white or wheat pita pocket or over lettuce in salad box. You can either get a small or large sanwich, with the first containing less falafel then the latter. You can also get it in meal form which comes with amazing Belgian frites and your choice of drink. For an additional price you can add on hummus, which I always get, and/or fried eggplant. Then, and this is the best part, you can dress your falafel with an assortment of toppings: fried cauliflower, tabouli, marinated carrots, marinated tomatoes, chili sauce/salsa, pickles, and like 10 other things which are all delicious. 
Seriously, if your shopping or just hanging out around that end of South Street, do yourself a favor and go. I guarentee* you'll love it.
OH and here's a hint: Once they give you the sandwich, squeeze the pita and the falafel together before you add on the toppings. You'll be able to fit more stuff in there.
*Money not actually returned if dissatisfied because I'm broke.Good falafel.  Fairly inexpensive.  A nice bar of toppings/goodies to put in your pita.  The fries weren't exactly "Belgian," more like regular steak fries.  But the whole experience was tasty for what it cost.I was walking around Philly wanting some nice vegetarian food, something that's extra good in Philly.  Falafel.  Lots of good falafel in Philly.  Then I see this sign that says Maoz Vegetarian.  Hmm.  I go in, and it's a falafel place!  It's pretty confusing, but a nice guy who works there explains what's what.  You get a falafel sandwich (full or half) and there's room in the pita, and this little salad bar ish thing where you can add stuff to your pita, like cucumbers and stuff.  I ordered mine with hummus.  
I walked back to my hotel, which took like 40 minutes.  Then I ate my falafel, and the chips (fries) I got with it, that came in a cone.  I was worried that everything would be falling apart after that amount of time and walking, but they had wrapped things well, and all was fine.  Then, something happened that has never happened before... As I ate the pita sandwich, it didn't fall apart.  It didn't ooze anything.  It didn't get soggy.  How did they do that?  I've had falafel on pita, hummus on pita, etc., and it always gets goopy and soggy and the bottom splits.  So that alone makes this place awesome.  Then, oh yeah, it tasted really good.  Darn good falafel.  Not too dry, not crumbly, not a mush ball.  Highly recommend.We put a dent in that Maoz salad bar. I mean, we should be embarrassed.
 I always get the falafel with hummus and fried egglpant and then make a spectacle of myself stuffing that pita with all peppers and fried cauliflower and all kindsa other vegetables and pickles and sauces. Way past capacity.
 I don't stop there. I also am the one who's taking forever, filling up a bunch (No, an inordinate amount) of those tiny plastic side sauce containers. Look, I need extra sauces. Always. That's just something that you're gonna have to accept about me.
 I appreciate their spicy herby green sauce, and the dark green chile sauce, and that freshy tomato puree one...and of course tahini sauce too. I loves sauces so much I should just be a saucier. Then at least it would make sense, the amount of sauce-talk I do. "It's muh job," I'll shrug at people. Deal with it.
Anyway, so we attack Maoz. It's extra pride-less of us when we opt for the falafel salad. It's reckless abandon in a crystal box. At least it's vegetables. That's how we justify our behavior. "We're making healthy choices in the night!" Hah. Animals...
The only shred of dignity retained is in the fact that we take the falafel feast to go. After the shameful display at the salad bar, it's only right. 
Messy, good falafel times.I love this place, although it's small and the topping bar skeeves me out a bit.  Falafel is delicious and is cooked to order.  The topping bar isn't exactly sanitary, but it is delicious.  I love coming here for a quick bite on a weekend.  I can't imagine this place at lunchtime on a weekday since it's so small, but it's usually ok when I'm there.I first visited Maoz back in early 2009 and loved it. Everything was delicious.
I didn't come back for a couple years and it's totally different. I won't even go there anymore. The falafel is dry, tasteless and crumbly. I couldn't even get through eating it. The fries are bland and tasteless. Overall? Meh.
The location is okay if you're grabbing something to go, but don't expect to actually sit down and eat here. Usually you have to fight for one of the six seats they have and if you have one, someone is usually looming over you trying to budge you out. It's total anarchy during lunch time. Don't bother.OMG, the best falafel EVER!!!  I was headed down to Greenfest yesterday with my good friend who is a vegetarian and we ended up stopping into Maoz.  Wow, the beautiful colors of the 'salad bar' toppings that you can add to your sandwich or platter were just incredible.  (I really want to take a picture to add here as words cannot do it justice)  The fries were to die for as well.  I think it is great that this is a 'fast food' chain and hope that it makes vegetarianism easier to do on the fly everywhere!  I will definitely be hitting this spot more often!!!Love their falafel, its great, one of the best in they city, the other maoz location has a little more of a selection on the menu, but it still has the same do it yourself pile on as many toppings as you want flair that is the maoz experience, lorenzo's has some drunk munchies competition now!Best falafel. Ever.
Available with hummus, fried eggplant, and free topping bar (I usually just go with tomatoes and onions).  Also have salads, and fries, and their fresh juice is delicious.
The South St. Maoz is tiny, but I usually head up to Washington Square to eat anyway.
The staff has always been nice (one employee even gave my friend a free falafel because he recognized me), and they play some sweet music.
Look for the bright, bright green window.After a night of drinking, this is a great, fast, easy option. 
Pretty cheap, good service, and lots of fresh options.I really like their falafel sandwiches, and the variety of toppings they offer, especially the pickled baby eggplants. I also live right around the corner from this place, and I have a feeling it will be one of my go-to places when I need a quick bite to eat. I suppose I am a simple person, just give me some falafel with yogurt sauce and cilantro salsa, and I'm happy. Hell, you could put cilantro salsa on anything! I just have to make sure I don't get the fries every time (but malt vinegar and mayo go so good together).This place is one of a kind.  I live in San Francisco now and I really wish we had a Maoz here. 
I love that you can make your own Falafel!My reservation is the same as with any salad bar.  I see people going back for toppings touching their eaten sandwich with a spoon then dipping it into the tray. This carrys material from their mouth to the public food.  This is not sanitary  or safe.
I do like the taste.I forgot my lunch and tried Maoz.  Loved the falafel and all of the salads. Very fresh and very delicious.  I keep hoping I'll forget my lunch again and have to go back!  Maybe I'll pretend to forget.
Big disappointment: for a European restaurant that serves chips in a cone, I expect good Belgian-style fries.  What I got tasted like frozen steak fries to me.  So disappointing.  
I'll be back, but I'll skip the fries and eat more hummus.Delicious food, and I guess it's pretty healthy. I got the salad box, but next time I'll try a sandwich.Could be better, falafel was dry. The topping selection was ok, it was a decent meal but not at all what it's was cracked up to be from what I heard. They also don't have a bathroom, which was a turn-off because they have a good amount of seating available, why the hell wouldn't they have a bathroom?its yummy. i've had maoz in amsterdam & spain. it was quite a treat to find out that it was here in philly ( i think this is the first one in the U.S.). Its an even better treat to find out that they have one in NY (#2) & now YIPEEEE a #3 again in Philly (opening i think at the end of summer). 
if you're strapped for cash and a vegetarian... this would be THE place. if you're not strapped for cash and not a vegetarian... this would STILL be THE place. You can eat as many toppings you want, i tend to hover over the bar and eat as much as possible. its a fab time all around.What do you do when the bar closes, you're wasted, and you NEED something to eat?  You sure as HELL don't go get late night pizza.  You go to Maoz.  Full salad bar and delicious falafel.  Fast food but it's slightly more healthy.
The staff...meh.  Constantly revolving, it seems, and never really overly helpful.  Still, the sandwiches get made.  And that's what's important at 3am.Am I missing something?  The falafel here was bland and over-fried.  The garnishes were more reminiscent of pico de gallo (yes it comes in multiple varieties) than anything befitting a mediterranean dish.
Save yourself the heartache and go to Saad's if you want good falafel.  You'll pay the same price, get a hell of a lot more for your money, and it'll taste better.  Word.This place is cheap and REALLY GOOD. I've had falafel all over and this place is just so addictive. Add in Brussels sprouts, broccoli, etc with their awesome
Chili sauce and the place is amazing. It's the kind of thing you'll crave and need to have. As far as the juice bar goes on south they pre-make them and put them in the fridge. They look gross after sitting in there so I never get them. At the walnut location they make it when you order. So if you want a juice hit walnut. The only slightly annoying part is that they only have one person working which I don't understand, so if it's busy you wait.The Falafal's are really good. The vegetables and ingredients are really fresh. The only problem with the place is that its extremely small and doesn't have much sitting area. But the food is delicious!!I love the food here but sometimes the people who are working are just weird and rude. Ok I get it you guys are so cool and you express how artistic you are in your little store with obscure music that's just weird for the sake of being weird. But come on you are handling my food and serving me my dinner. Just because I happen to like vegetarian food doesn't mean I want it served to me by some gross smelly art snob. Take a shower and read an article about costomer service. The only reason you are getting three stars is because the food is good. Mmm I love it. I want some right now. With fresca.I'm not a true Vegetarian by heart as for if someone throw's a fat greasy cheese steak or cheese burger in my face I'll jump on it like a dog that's been fed dry food for years HA but let's say I love Vegetarian food in it's own respect.. the Falafel here is great it really fill's me up, healthy and is a good twist to throw into the mix when I get tired of eating the same old stuff all the the time. The seating is about my only complain at this place as they need to get rid of these hard wood seats and get some more relaxing seating it would really spice up the place.. don't get me wrong I'm not gonna say I won't get a meal and sit down here but the seating could use a bit of a upgrade. Good food no matter how you look at it.Usually when i am at work, i wait until i'm nearing starvation before i get lunch. At that point, i am usually craving something meaty and covered in cheese. So I usually pass up on Maoz.
But today i chanced to run into an old friend on my lunch trek and decided to sit with her while she ate her falafel sandwich. I had planned on a sandwich from Cosi so i didnt eat with her, but by the time she was finishing up, i couldn't resist.
I got my usual: salad box with falafel, humus, eggplant, and avocado. I don't go nuts in the salad bar, generally. I like the tomato and onions on my avocado, the corn salad for some sweetness, a couple of pickle slices, and lots of roasted broccoli. Top that off with garlic sauce (cut with some of the yogurt sauce to save on calories) and i can't believe i ever questioned how satisfying the food at Maoz can be!
I only have two more things to add. The first is that the price for the salad box seems a little steep at around $8, but, with the salad bar, you get so much food its completely worth it. I wouldn't bother with the sandwiches because you can't get as much topping into the pita as you can with the box. If you really want a sandwich, i would suggest you order a salad box and a pita on the side and make your own.
Secondly, don't assume that just because you're eating vegetarian you're having a low calorie meal. Healthy: yes! Low cal: not at all! Based on my calculations and the nutritional facts on the website, by the time i was done loading up my salad box i had gathered almost 1000 calories. Glad i split it into two meals! That is not to say that Maoz is any higher in calories than other typical lunch options, and it certainly is better quality nutrition, but i think it's easy to assume that all Maoz cuisine is diet food and that assumption would be a mistake. If you're watching your waistline, maybe consult the nutrition facts on the website before you go.great falafel!  
oddly, the Belgian fries (read, steak fries) were gross...but I was ok with that since I was trying not to eat them!Their falafel sandwich with drink and fries meal deal is a great meal deal. For real, I wish they had this place near my place or near my job because this beats all fast food places. Their baked fries are WONDERFUL because they're not salty and you get to pick your own dipping sauce for free. That's a dream right there. And free godly sauces for your falafels too. At the same time, it's fairly healthy as long as you get the good stuff.Honestly, I was a bit suspicious of Maoz from the outside; 1. it's a brick and mortar store, not an unassuming shiny silver cart, and 2. it has insane patterned green tile on all walls and ceiling which is pretty overwhelming. However, I've grabbed falafel here twice (once a regular meal deal, and once a junior meal deal), and it has been pretty solid both times. The junior meal deal was plenty, so I'll stick with that in the future. Maoz is a bit weird, but perfect for a quick and interesting lunch that's going to be yummy.
The jr meal deal was really a fair price (~$7?) for a made-to-order falafel sandwich, can of soda (hello there cherry Dr. Pepper), and some thick cut fries. Mostly, I love the salad/toppings bar. There seems to be a bit of technique, which is squashing the falafel a bit, making sure it's evenly distributed, then carefully adding relishes, slaws, salads, and dressings along the whole height of the sandwich. Do not overload, this will be messy beyond what you can imagine.
There are roasted bell peppers, cubed beets, some kind of green couscous salad, two types of cabbage slaw, cucumber and tomato salad, roasted broccoli salad, some good tahini and garlic sauces, and quite a few more things I can't remember in the salad bar, so both picky and adventurous eaters can customize their sandwiches to taste.
The pitas are very fresh. They are the fluffier kind, and for such a hefty sandwich (if you are generously using the toppings bar), they hold up well and stay in good proportion to everything you crammed in there.Knock-knock! Who's there? I am and I crave some french fries. 
I like that Maoz has belgian fries. I even like that it tastes as if they use the more expensive peanut oil to fry in. I'm just guessing on that but the oil has some kind of nice flavor to it! The only thing I'm not feeling is everything else they serve. I know that I'm a meat girl but everything was cold and dry. I'm thinkin that the fries are all I'd ever come here for and since I know better places to grub on those, I probably won't be back. :(The falafel is pretty good but the toppings bar really helps the place stand out. Cilantro sauce, roasted peppers, garlic sauce, and numerous other toppings help satisfy one's hunger and add to the felafel pocket. I also had the red thai curry lentil soup. Spicy but a nice mix of flavors. A solid lunch time spot for anyone nearby Jefferson.The day I came here is the day I fell in love with the Falafel sandwich.
It was SO GOOD! We ordered 1 between the two of us because we're from out of town and wanted to hop around different places, keeping our portions small. After we finished the first one, we very seriously considered ordering a second. It was that good.
What I love is the little salad bar where you get to add anything you want. Fairly foreign to Mediterranean food and as a person who loves variety, I got a little bit of each and tried everything. All was good and fresh.
The guy working there was also very friendly, which never hurts. Seemed like someone we'd be friends with. Maoz made me crave Falafel sandwiches weeks after I left. So hard to find a decent vegetarian place sometimes :( Come to the west coast!Maoz Vegetarian is probably one of my most favorite places to grab some quick good Vegan food. While their menu isn't exactly guilt free eats, the falafel is better than most. The fries are pretty amazing, too! Two things for vegans: The coleslaw and one of the dressings... i think is a creamy something or other (ask your server)... is NOT vegan. Also for those of you who like spice there is a green sauce topping (not the cilantro sauce) that is amazingly HOTTT!!! Good for a try but for first timers put just a little bit on as it is almost unbearable if you pile it on. Man its making me want falafel right now just writing about it.the falafel is great, and no question a good value at $4.69 for the regular/large. (unfortunately for me, that's 31 cents shy of their $5 credit card limit and i haaaaate carrying cash). i was about to upgrade by adding avocado for an extra buck, but the bf handed over a fiver before i had the chance.
who needs avocado anyway when so many options abound on the AWESOME fixins bar! seasoned veggies and tasty sauces...mmmmm... it's a shame there's only so much that one can fit into the already falafel-stuffed pocket, and trying to shove them in without dropping food and/or making a complete mess of oneself and the counter, esp when others are impatiently crowding your space, is no easy task. as i was getting to-go on this particular day, i filled up 3 of the plastic containers with sauces, but another 2 would have been good - noted for next time.
see now, because i wasn't dining in, i had to load up and leave...but i couldn't help but notice others coming back to refill. there is a certain etiquette with buffets that i believe extends to fixins bars as well and that is you do NOT bring back used plates - you get a fresh one so you don't contaminate. the problem with maoz is that they don't give you plates, and since getting all these tasty ingredients in one's pita all at once is near impossible...i see people going back up and putting veggies on their half eaten food with the tongs that they are then putting back in for us all to use - eek! i'm no germophobe, but that kinda makes me cringe.Loved this place.  This place is yum if you're looking for a cheap, quick, down-to-earth, healthy place.  I came in at 2pm on a Sunday and it was packed.  
For under $5 I got a huge falafal sandwich with all the fixin's.  I love Maoz's concept:  You pay for the basic falafal sandwich (five yummy falafal balls in a pita bread) and you can put whatever you want in your sandwich.  Toppings are fresh and delicious.  They include:  coleslaw, beet salad, tahini sauce, roasted peppers, chopped onion, and much more.  They even let you go back for seconds and thirds!You can't do much better than Maoz for falafel in Philly.  The falafels are freshly fried to order and do not sit around like some other places.  The pitas are soft, chewy, and delicious, as they should be.  The salad bar is full of a colorful variety of veggies and other items.  They have both traditional tahini sauce, and a deliciously garlicky yogurt sauce.   I love being able to customize my meal with my preferred sides.  For drinks they usually have Honest Teas, which is my favorite brand.  And the prices are low -- ~$5 for a falafel sandwich and ~$7 for a salad box (sadly, though, does not come with pita)This place looks like you discovered the secret falafel shop pipe in Super Mario 3's plant world. The falafel's tasty, the fries would be unexceptional except that you can dip them in preblended ketchup/mayo, which makes them totally exceptional, and the salads are reliably good - I relish the cilantro sauce, cucumber/tomato salad and pickles. Add a fresh juice for $1, and your $6 has realized its maximum potential. 
If you're experiencing one of those periods when every single dollar is precious and it's either hummus or your coffee tomorrow morning, skip the hummus - with a whole bar full of toppings to load up on, you won't even miss it.Yuuuummmy!!! Just found you, just had you for dinner and can't wait to come back! Delicious falafel and the stuff to stuff it with was spot on. Adore brussel   sprouts, tabouleh and beet salad. Thank you for being so close, so kind and so tasty!!  You made my day brighter and my tummy full. :)Best falafel puta sandwich with hummus. Plus a wide array of salad bar toppings. So reasonably priced. Healthy, quick, delicious.I'm giving this place five stars because they had Diet Coke sweetened with Splenda, the best tasting diet cola there is.  The pita sandwiches weren't bad either.Sometimes fast, oily, flavorful falafel and salad bar related items.  My likes: great salad bar/toppings selections (with "sauces") and the taste/texture of the falafel. I usually get the falafel salad bowl. My dislikes: slow service at times, the food can be very oily, and the seating is really bulky/hard to sit in.  The fries are okay, but need to be fresh for best flavors.
You'll find me here at lunch when I want vegetables and two meals-- the salad bowl might cost $8+ but it's two meals in one.Don't get me wrong... I really like Moaz. It's a small place with almost no seating, not a place to go for dinner - better for a quick bite or take out. It's very inexpensive for what you get. It's a falafel place that has toppings such as fried broccoli and cauliflower, diced beets, cooked carrots, cabbage, and more. They also have sauces to add as you desire or put in small side containers, My favorite is the falafel salad box - you can really pack that thing. Sandwich meals come with a main item, Belgian fries, and a drink. I don't recall anything over $10 - not even the meals.
There is some inconsistency - long hot peppers one day not the next. Fried broccoli and cauliflower, then only broccoli. Also - moaz's Belgian fries used to be thick cut, plentiful, and out of this world. For my last visits, the fries were skinny, average, and a noticeably smaller portion. I'll have to stop by again to see if this has turned around. If so - I'll up to four stars.2nd time at Maoz this past 4th of July. Just as good as the first!Sort of love this place. It's walking distance from my campus (Jefferson) and always has great food.
Decent prices, and large portions. The fries are downright addictive and I love that you get to put on all the sauces you want at the condiment bar.this place is pretty decent - tasty food at a reasonable price. lines are long at lunch, but the turnover is quick. 
though they advertise their falafel as being gluten-free, i'd be wary if you're really sensitive. first, if you order a salad, they put a piece of fried eggplant in the bowl and according to their site, the fried eggplant contains wheat.  (which begs the question: do they fry their supposedly gluten-free falafel in the same fryer as the eggplant?) so make sure you ask for them to hold the fried eggplant. second, the toppings bar is a nightmare of cross contamination. though they kindly label each item with either "gluten free" or "vegan", the fact that people who ordered a falafel sandwich use the same serving utensils as those who ordered a salad is concerning for those super sensitive to gluten. (there's a possibility that when someone was putting topping(s) on their sandwich, the utensil could have brushed up against the bread and contaminated the utensil and thus the container of topping.)  
luckily, i'm not extremely sensitive to gluten. i was able to eat a salad from this place without getting ill. so for those with mild sensitivity, this place is a healthy and reasonable lunch option.This was the first place that changed my mind on falafel. I've always been turned off by the chick pea taste but it was delicious here. And the salad bar is soooo good. I wish they would give me a plate so I can grab more than those little sample cups. 
I wish they extend the chain to Cali.Maoz is such a nice place to get a quick bite.  
If you're not a falafel fan, then this place will make you one.  They make them fresh and you can top them with all sorts of veggies and grains.  And they have a variety of sauces. 
They freeze a lot of their veggies though, and I remember biting into a brick-hard, iced beet once.  Yuck.  I haven't had much trouble with their food since then.
If your eyes are larger than your stomach, the fries also are great.  They come in the gigantic variety where each fry is the width of your thumb.
The decor is this insanely loud green and white scheme and really keeps me awake if I'm ever really feeling sleepy.  There's a nice set of chairs that face outside if you're wanting to avoid staring at the walls.I cannot even begin to express how much I love Maoz! I'm not even a vegetarian (I'm a meat+potatoes girl), but just thinking about their made-to-order falafels induces hunger pains. The salad bar is also amazing and features a wide variety of marinated veggies; you can pile on as many toppings your heart desires and I always try to strategically plan out what and where to place certain veggies so I can emerge with a copious amount of toppings in my pita. Sauces are really scrumptious especially the garlic mayo, I put it in their provided little containers so I can take them home.
Maoz is also such a great deal, I always get a junior meal (1/2 falafel sandwich + fries + drink), which is under $6 and I can never finish it in one sitting. Just wish that this were closer to me, I would definitely be a regular!i love maoz!!  their falafel is green inside and not dry at all! the bar has tons of options and always fresh!the falafel was delish, but my undying love for this place is for that damn green chili sauce, mixed with their garlic sauce.. * salivating thinking about it * the falafel at mamas is better.. but this place is definitely nice... and the fact that a vegetarian place is OPEN til 3am on the weekends rocks my socks.. maoz I'll be backI was walking around Center City looking for a place to eat when I stumbled upon Maoz. Upon going inside and seeing their incredible selection of vegetables and the prices of everything, I was completely blown away. What an unbeatable value! I got the junior falafel with hummus bringing my grand total to $4.50 PLUS whatever toppings I wanted. And they weren't just basic, boring toppings- they had cilantro sauce, beet salad, corn and black beans, red cabbage...ugh the list goes on and on. I wanted everything. Even the friendly counter girl showed me how people squish the falafel in the pita to get as much in as possible. I wouldn't call myself a falafel connoisseur, but it was the best I've ever had. The junior was more than enough to fill my tummy. In short: great value, friendly service, and a great atmosphere. I'll definitely be bringing my friends here very, very soon.Such a great spot for lunch. I have only ever been to the Maoz in NYC before this one and they only let you have one trip to the condiment bar...this location doesn't limit your use of the condiments - yummy! The broccoli was my favorite add-on to my junior falafel.Maoz with hummus. You are very flavorful. You are always hot. Your condiment bar is always bright and fresh. You are always filling. You are dirt cheap. You are fast. Your maker are always super cool. Did I mention that you are super tasty? You dont even need bacon, or sausage or even foie gras for that matter to make you tastier. I like you just the way you are. Ok I add a little cilantro, roasted long hots and corn salad to you.My first attempt at homemade falafel was a complete disaster, and when my bf came home I tearfully showed him the remains. He comforted his little gourmet chef (falafel ain't easy to make for anyone), and suggested that we just run somewhere and pick some up since I had already made everything else to accompany it. However, there aren't many places that will just sell you falafel - which brought us to Maoz. And you what? Their falafel was pretty darn tasty. Crispy, flavorful - it was a perfect solution to my mess.
Recently I went back because yet another falafel craving hit me and wouldn't let up. I opted to go for their Junior Maoz Meal (small falafel sandwich with Belgian fries and a soda), and added eggplant which I wish I hadn't done. The sandwich was great - I got to add whatever I wanted from the salad bar, which has so many things to choose from I couldn't possibly fit everything into the pita (too bad, because it all looked really good: tomato-cucumber salad, roasted beets, roasted red peppers, salsa, cilantro sauce, hot sauce, tabouli, roasted cauliflower and broccoli...endless, there were still items I can't remember, plus several sauces like Tahini, Yogurt-Cucumber, and the Ketchup-Mayo specifically for the fries). The fries were also pretty decent, not my fav kind but maybe that's because I realized too late that they had sweet potato fries (another unrequited craving). And for the price I paid it was a fab meal. I can make better (yeah conquering the falafel recipe!), but for a quick, cheap meal Maoz makes some fine food. They also offer dessert now (rice pudding, and in vegan form too!), but I can't try it because rice pudding makes me ill. Even the vegan kind *sigh* sooooooo goooooooood! But SOOOOOOOOO BAAAAAAAAAAAD.I went there last week and got food poisoning from one of the falafel bar items. I LOVED it before then but now just thinking about it makes me nauseous.What's not to love about Maoz? It's good and it's cheap! It's also open until 3 am, so you can fill up after a night of drinking ;) Seriously, though, the atmosphere is fun and trendy and I love that you can stuff your pita with their endless salad bar options! The baby pickled eggplant dyed with beet juice are my fave! Also, I like that nearly everything is vegan except for a small handful of items.I stumbled upon this place during an attempt to catch a cab home from old city at 2am. Since it's located at 12th and walnut, I guess you can tell that we were pretty unsuccessful. Since a friend and I were planning on getting drunk food anyway, we stumbled in here because we were intrigued, and they were open until 3am.
I have been back here a couple times since so I can confirm, sober, that this place id delicious. The menu is sort of limited, with falafel sandwiches, salad, or belgian fries, but what else do you need? Maoz's claim to fame is that they have a salad bar where you can add your falafel toppings and sauces yourself. They have everything from pickled baby eggplant, to roasted peppers, to corn/mushroom/dill salad. A regular sandwich is $5 and you can fit a lot of stuff in there! 
Everything I've had here is great and really fresh. I would give five stars but they don't have the option for baked falafel, which they should if they're trying to be a "healthier" establishment. The walnut location has also been out of eggplant for quite a while...This place is mouth watering amazing!!!!!!!!!!!! The falafels are filled with yummy chick peas. The toppings are so fresh! I will be driving from MD to PA just to eat here. This place is awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Fast casual done right. Tasty, generous and affordable.
For $5.50 you can get a falafel pita w/ water (important to hydrate) stuffed/topped with some two-dozen options.  The place is moderately clean, simple and focuses on ingredients more than style.  Service is fast and although you can find the staff on their cells updating facebook or the like, they are attentive enough when customers are waiting.  
On the whole, sauces are tasty, flavorful and varied.  The falafel are in the top quartile of those I've eaten; lots of herbs, mild garlic, crisp but never oily.  Toppings and salads are fresh, vibrant and offer the option for a balanced and nutritious meal. 
Recommend for a meal-on-the-go or a break from walking center city.I don't remember when the first Maoz opened, on South Street, but as soon as it did, everybody was obsessed. OBSESSED!  And why not?  They had taken falafel (delicious, and veggie-friendly), and DEEP-FRIED it, and provided a heaping salad bar of build-your-pita options. AND THEY WERE OPEN UNTIL 3 AM FRIDAYS AND SATURDAYS! It was a college student's dream come true.
Of course, there were a few problems with the South Street location -- it was small, and always crowded, and you'd get your pita and heap on 50000 toppings, until the thing was oozing sauce and bursting with cucumbers, and there'd be no place to sit...so you'd carry your pita down the street and find some stoop somewhere and devour it, and you'd end up with falafel bits down your coat front and tahini sauce smeared across your face (not a good look for anyone...PARTICULARLY if you have to go back to work.)
And then Walnut Street opened. And there were tables!  And a trippy interior that made you feel like you were inside of a plant. 
To sum: Maoz falafel is addictingly good. And being able to sit down when you eat it?  It doesn't get any better than this, people. Get the small size; it's more filling than you think.Really liked this place.  The falafel is good and the toppings bar is really what sets this place apart.  Love coming here when I'm hungry and craving something healthy!Solid food. Good, friendly service. *However, 
I got the "Southern Sandwich" which was supposed to have corn, broccoli, fried sweet peppers, coleslaw and cauliflower....but it only had cauliflower. I took it out to see if the other listed ingredients were buried on the bottom and they weren't. Either they forgot it, or just wrote a misleading description. :/ 
A bit disappointing.If you are the woman with two reusable totes brimming with groceries who was visiting the workers at this location on the 24th: I'm terribly sorry I interrupted your visit by placing my order. Have no fear, both workers made sure I knew how annoying this was by being extremely rude to me. Also, he knows you're a sure thing and he already bought condoms. I figured I should share this information since I was forced to hear an in depth conversation about it while waiting for my food. I would also like to assure you that you can feel free to visit prince charming and his surly cohort whenever you wish I'll never interrupt again.Not a huge fan of Maoz.  Think fast food for vegatarians.  I did not get the impression it was very clean.  Food was just ok.  Wait for food was long.....Maoz gets 5 stars because of its delicious-to-cheap ratio being SO DAMN HIGH. 
Love the quirky green colored tiles everywhere. Love the weird little stick spoons. Love the corn topping. Love to say it, "Maoz Maoz Maaaaozzz"It is one of my favorite falafel place in the city.
U make ur own falafel.
And the hot falafel balls they serve u is the best thing ever.
They have like this salad bar and sauces options which makes it so much more fun n healthier option to eat.
Price is good too.
Would definitely recommend this place.
If u haven't been here, go try it out!I love falafel so I decided to give this place a try. The falafel can get a bit dry so you have to make sure to add sauce. The plus for this place is free unlimited toppings, and that it is all vegetarian.Food here is excellent but they lose a star because the service has been chock full of apathy and laziness all three times I have eaten there. Hopefully they will train their employees, teaching them about customer service.   The Maoz on South street does not suffer from this form of rude service.Maoz is hands down the best ever. I think maoz was one of the first places I ever ate at when I first started coming to the city in high school (of course the South St one as this one hadn't been built yet). 
There's something charming and nostalgic about the other location but this place has MUCH better seating. So much more room without feeling like you're standing on top of someone else.
Of course you can get junior or full size pitas with falafel and you can add on stuff like hummus or avocado for an extra (small) fee. When you get your falafel you can put whatever you want from the salad bar on it. Spicy chili salsa? Tomato & onion salad? tabbouleh? there are so many fresh delicious things in the salad bar. You can also get a salad box and just load up on this stuff if you don't want the falafel or pita. Their belgian fries kick serious ass and come in a cone. 
heaven, in a pita.This is my favorite lunch spot in center city. It's inexpensive and the salad bar has so many great, fresh options.  You can get a Jr. Maoz (half of a pita falafel sandwich) for under $5. The fries are also amazingly delicious.ZOMG. 
This place just screams FALAFEL IN YOUR FACE. 
No really. There's no way to eat one of these stuffed pita falafel combination + infinite toppings without getting something on your face...or your pants...or your friend's shoes. 
Toppings: beets...carrots...roasted broccoli...cole slaw...CILANTRO PESTO...spicy pesto...olives...garlic sauce...yogurt sauce...and everything else...and it's DIY...so you'll inevitably bit off more than you can chew.
(The fries are okay. Skip them to save room for MORE TOPPINGS.)this place delivers the whole package; it's simply delicious. 
the pita-bread pocket could have been a bit more fluffy, and the falafel balls a bit more moist inside, but the overall sandwich here is great.Good, cheap vegetarian fare--namely falafel, fries, fresh juice and (occasionally) soup. Good selection of veggies and sauces for toppings.It does not get any FRESHer than this! Was introduced to this place years ago by my lovely sister, who always has the 411 on nice, inexpensive places. Although I don't get to go as often as I like, Maoz is NEVER a letdown. Okay, so I am a bit biased as I'm vegetarian and have grown up eating falafel, but seriously this place is to die for.
Pretty simple menu. The main item is the falafel (which is the Maoz) and they have some other small eats too (pita bread with hummus, fries (sweet potato ones are AMAZING), etc.). Once you get your sandwich (they graciously offer a whole wheat pita as well as white) with your 5 falafel balls, here comes the hard part of deciding what to put in. Before I delve into that, something I've learned from experience is that you should definitely request 2 or 3 falafel balls on the side with the others left inside the pita. This is because with the 5 falafel balls, your pita is already halfway full so you won't have enough space for the other items. Okay, so onto the salad bar! I can't even  type out what's available because there are so many fresh, amazing options! All of the ingredients, ranging from steamed carrots to potato salad, are so fresh (I can't even say it enough.) that your body will definitely thank you. The cucumber yogurt sauce is DA BOMB. In fact, my friend who frequently comes with me here and I end up taking shots of this sauce (no judging) because it's so good. It also comes in handy for your leftover falafel balls. One last thing is that you can also request lettuce in your falafel before they hand it to you (it's not available at the actual salad bar).
Oh and another beneficial thing for a frugal person like myself is that you get all of this for a little more than $5 DOLLARS. Also, because the salad bar is unlimited (or at least they've never had a problem with me going back up more than once), you definitely can take some food home as leftovers (never the case with me though because I'm kind of a fatass).First time visiting Phili this was a block away from my hotel. I passed by about 10 times and was caught by the cool look of it! I am not a vegetarian but I had to stop into this place because it perked my interest so much. I am so glad I did. I was STUFFED but their falefel (sp?). The actual falefel was OK but the toppings you can chose from really made the meal! Their fries were awesome as well.. Read some reviews stating the fries were bad but I think this can happen sometimes from working in a restaurant from not changing the oil. It happens to the best of us!!! Def will be returning when I return to Phili. Oh and as far as the employees: The cashier girl kinda had a strong accent.. but she was helpful in explaining the choices.5 stars for value, healthy options, location, and staff. I love the beet salad, carrot salad, cilantro sauce, and cabbage combo. I get the junior maoz or salad option when I go. Only complaint is that the place could be bigger inside and the tables could have been a bit cleaner- they were kind of stickyAwesome, fresh vegetarian fast food: what a brilliant concept!  Now, how to get a Maoz in RDU?
Around 1:45 p.m. on a rainy Saturday, I ordered the salad bowl, which comes with essentially lettuce and falafel, and I added (fried) eggplant and hummus, and fixed it up with steamed broccoli and cauliflower, beets, corn salsa, green olives, and other fresh and succulent veggie items from fixins bar.  The falafel are browned to perfection: fried, but still light.  The hummus was traditional and forthright: creamy, and I tasted garlic, lemon juice, cumin, and tahini.  Yummy.  Nice staff and they fixed my carry-out salad in a jiffy.  There was not much of a line when I visited and there were maybe eight folks dining in.  It's cool, too, because you don't have to specify dine in or out; the simple packaging allows either/both.
Also, Sonic Youth's "Teenage Riot" played during my visit and I am a firm believer that good music is exceptionally important in a food place.  I will definitely drop by next time I'm in Philly.Service is stunningly bad at this location. The one near Chicago is better, but this chain is known for doing bad customer service training. Sadly, it might become their trademark.I'm pretty much obsessed with Maoz and am so sad that I moved so that it is no longer within a few blocks of me.
It's cheap and healthy and delicious and filling.  The falafel is perfectly crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside.  All of the toppings are fresh and just delightful.  The corn salad is great and I'm in love with their garlic dressing.
The sweet potato fries are also really really good.Oh. My. God. 
When I walked through the dingy doors to this place I almost turned right around. No patrons were inside, which is a cardinal rule of dining for me - more customers = fresher food. The place didn't look exceptionally clean but I decided to suck it up, believe in my fellow yelpers and went for it.
& I wasn't disappointed. 
I got the falafel salad meal that came with a fresh carrot juice. Everything was delicious, on point, and unlike any other Mediterranean food I've had in a while. I enjoyed every salad bar item I tried (tabbouleh & potato salad being my faves) and the cilantro & hot sauces were salad bowl perfection. I absolutely LOVED that I could make it myself and have so many options to choose from. (One piece of cauliflower? Yes please!) And the falafel was cooked to what I consider perfection - crispy but not oily and soft inside. 
Did the customer service kinda suck? Yes.
Was I slightly afraid of getting food poisoning? Yes.
But was the food good??? HELL YES.I'm actually typing this as I sit here eating. That's now impressed I am. Maoz isn't like the best falafel you'll ever have, but it is still so delicious! Not to mention cheap, fresh, conveniently located, and super fast. As a diehard carnivore, I was skeptical when my friend recommended Maoz. Well consider me sold. I plan to stop here much more frequently now.Falafel is my favorite! Great flavor, lots of toppings and extras. Service was a bit slow and choatic. Decor was basic and bland really. The garlic sauce is awesome. I would eat here regularly if they were in my area.In town for the day and was worried about finding something healthy here in cheesesteak central. Maoz was quick and tasty. The fresh juice is a nice add on.Regardless of location, Maoz STILL has the best sweet potato fries EVER.  The Walnut Street location is somewhat bigger than the one on South Street with a lot more seating and table space; however, even though it wasn't crowded, it still took a while for the fries to come out because they had just thrown in another batch right after I ordered them. Since I had to rush home afterwards, I was delighted to discover that my fries stayed warm through an entire bus ride and didn't get cold or go bad!  Now I still need to give the falafel a chance...This place is great! It's the best restaurant in ocean city! The pita bread is great! I like the hummus! The chicken is amazing! Everything here is amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!Falafel doesn't get much better than this. The pita is so soft and delicious. What makes this place stand out above all else is the amazing salad bar. You could Gil your self up generously on just that!This is the best falafel place in the city, easy decision, not doubt in my mind. They fry their falafel fresh to order and then you can add your choice of egg plant, hummus, cheese, or avocado for a dollar more and then the fun begins, they have a huge bar with add as MUCH AS YOU WANT stuff to it, it's like choose your own adventure but in falafel form :)
OH yeah they are open late too for drunk muchies, AND its cheap as heck like less then 5 bucks a pop...One of my favorite "fast food" veggie spots in Philadelphia. The falafel is always consistently well-prepared, salad bar always fresh, and can't beat the price for what you're getting on the go. Service is quick and mindful, only thing is the placement of the bathroom is pretty odd as it is behind the counter. Overall, tasty and rich with a nice a respectful staff!Sometimes I enjoy being a hermit when I'm downtown at my parents place. So you can only imagine how excited I was when I discovered ordering delivery through the yelp app. Tonight I ordered a Maoz sandwich from Maoz and within an hour I was enjoying the feast spread before me. The sweet potato fries are such a sweet caramelized treat that melts in your mouth. The falafel was seasoned perfectly. The flavors of all the salads and sides is perfection. And all a great price to boot. However with convenience comes one minor set back- 1 hour delivery time to go 5 blocks. But that's expected.I first visited Maoz on a Thursday afternoon several months ago. I was looking for some meat free options and my classmate suggested this venue. I quickly became a fan of their extensive array of self serve toppings and sauces. In the time since my first visit I've tried a dozen different combos for my falafel gyro. They make pretty decent all natural fresh juices. A very nice and healthier alternative to the fast food found nearby. Make sure to stop in for a visit.Today was my first time I ate from this resturant. I had a falafel and fries and it was delicious, will definitely have again.We got the salad box and tried a few different falafels and all of them were very good, but what makes it 5 stars is the price compared to quality. There might be better falafel out there somewhere but the low price + delivery with a very good falafel (and fries) is what makes us come back. Also, very good sauces as well. The only thing that was so-so were the juices, but they were fresh, just tasted a little too much like the vegetables without much flavor.This was my first time trying falafel, and all I can say is, I can go vegan for food like this.
I had no idea what this stuff was or what it'd taste like, other than the raving reviews of my girlfriend and company, so I walked in with no expectations. All I could smell was toasted deliciousness of pita and fresh veggies laid out on a bar conveniently just for me (or so you'd think). The menu choices were plentiful, and I just had to get the eggplant and humus -- great picks by the way.
The small restaurant wasn't busy, and I spent my time hovering within a foot of the veggie bar, taking one bite after another, refilling my overflowing sandwich of goodness with more things to try. Oh! and less we forget, the sauces! I didn't find one I didn't like, and had to alternate back and forth among the cups I poured out before I started.
What can I say that wouldn't reiterate what some other fan has mentioned about this place? Uhh, my girlfriend was right? Pshhh, and give her the satisfaction? How about, in fact, my parents were right when they said veggies can taste delicious? Haha, ya right.
But in all seriousness, put down the knife and fork. Put the steaks away and the burgers down. Run, drive, fly, or swim to this place and try their falafel. Now!I figured it was about time I tread Maoz since it is basically across the street from where I live. 
I'm coming to appreciate the fact that there are several different varieties of falafel, and this appears to be of the Israeli flavor. Maoz does not have any meat to offer for their falafels, and their additive options are drastically different than others I have encountered. This style differs greatly from other Middle Eastern type falafels, which offer meat but less additives aside from lettuce, tomatoes, and a few other veggies.
Ultimately, what makes a falafel great, in my opinion, are the pita, hummus, and the actual falafel (fried balls which I believe are made of chick peas). Here, I would say the pita is standard, the hummus is pretty good, and the falafel is decent. None of these components blew me away, but they were also not terrible. All in all, a pretty good option for a veggie falafel, if that's what you are in the mood for (though if you want a really good veggie falafel, check out Mama's).
My complaints about Maoz are 1) no discernible red (hot) sauce to add, which I have come to believe is a staple for this kind of food, and 2) their "Belgian" fries or whatever were pretty bad. No real flavor to them, and not  even seasoned. I'd probably come back, but only go for a falafel, no sides.It's been over 1.5 hours and I still haven't been delivered my food. I just called to ask what the status was and the man answering the phone was rude and said it'll be delivered in 15 minutes. I don't care how the food tastes when it gets here, poor service and poor attitude ruin an experience for me. The wait time on this is absurd. Won't be ordering from them ever again.
Update- food got here. The fries were soggy and cold. The soda was warm. The pita sandwich was bad. The way they arrange the ingredients on the inside is by layering them, forcing you to eat one ingredient at a time. Still 1 star lol. Oh well. A food truck will do a better job.Every once in awhile I will stop in at Maoz when I'm feeling a craving for some fast vegetarian food. Good service, tasty food, definitely satisfies my cravings.Came here for lunch one day, it was pretty good.  I got the junior maoz w/ hummus and eggplant.  ( junior maoz is just half of a pita).  It was very good .. loved the hummus and egglplant ( they could include more hehe). my favorite was the bar where you can add different toppings to you sandwich ... ie cucumbers (delicious), carrots, corn, couscous, tomatoes, hot sauce, onions, and the BEST - the grilled peppers.  They are HOT but they are GOOD. will definitly go there again =) it was filling and pretty decently pricedI've had falafel many times but never as a sandwich.  I came here recently with some vegetarian friends and ordered a maoz which is basically falafel in pita.  You have a choice of putting hummus, feta, and a couple other things on top.  I just went with hummus since they ran out of feta at the time.  Once you get the falafel in the pita pocket, there's a "salad bar" style station with all different types of mix ins from salsas to taboleh to broccoli & cauliflower.  I don't really remember what I put on top but mmm was it good.  The meal was just over 5 bucks, but it was filling and was some of the best falafel I've had.  Previously most of the falafel I've had was too dry and gritty.  Oh, and they are open till 3am which is great.
Definitely going to check out this place again if I happen to be around.I was disappointed. I love the idea, but too many little things conspired to make it a less-than-stellar experience. To wit:
* The place was nearly empty when I came in. I told the girl at the register I'd never been before and wasn't sure what to order. She wasn't exactly un-friendly or un-helpful ... but she wasn't exactly friendly or helpful either. I just got a sense that I was in the way and they didn't really want my business. 
* I really wanted to try lots of the salad options, but it's hard to get them into the sandwich without making a mess. You get no plate with the sandwich. I am skeeved out by the idea of eating part of my sandwich and then adding more toppings from the bar, but I ended up doing so because I really wanted to try more. I also feel like part of the draw is the unlimited toppings from the salad bar, but I didn't try everything I wanted because there wasn't an easy way to do so. Plates would go a long way toward making this a better experience. 
* The Belgian fries were really bland. I wish I'd been told the sweet potato fries were an option when I ordered (see above re: service), maybe they're more flavorful. The fries were good as a vehicle for the different sauces, but it was hard to try the different sauces without something to put them on (see above re: lack of trays/plates!). 
I don't think I'll be back. There's plenty of places in the city to get good falafel, so if they're going to make it this hard to take advantage of the salad bar I see no reason to get my falafel from Maoz.First time at Maoz and I'm already craving more the next day. I now plan on eating there frequently. Prices are fair. Quick. Very nice customer service. The slush drinks are in plastic, which likely contain BPA or something, but they might be fine-didn't ask. The place is smaller because it's inner city, which is cool, but if it were to be busier then there probably wouldn't be seating. Hopefully it gets to that point all the time because I hope Maoz gets good business. Looking forward to next time!Great great great!
Really good felafel!  And amazing delicious veggies to put on the sandwiches. Even some things I wouldn't expect to find here but I love: beets, brussels sprouts, cauliflower. In addition to the usual cucumbers and tomatoes, etc. 
I probably get takeout dinner from here at least twice a week. 
Just to be clear, five stars does not mean this is a five-star restaurant, only that it perfectly delivers on what it promises.  I first had Maoz at one of their original locations in Amsterdam maybe 20 years ago. I was so happy when they came to Philadelphia, and it is great to have them here.
OMG THEY CLOSED!  I AM BEREFT!!!
I might starve to death now.SO SO DISAPPOINTED! I was so excited when I picked up my falafel lunch. At first bite it was awesome. The sweet potato fries were great. Even the price is pretty good. Guess what's not great! The freaking hair I found in my food!!!! WTF food handlers! Doesn't anyone wear hair nets anymore! That thick nasty black hair I picked up of my sandwich is enough for me to give you 1 star and never ear here again. So so gross. HAIR NETS!Was so excited to see a felafel restaurant where you can add your own sauces and salads just like we used to have in Tel Aviv.  Expectations were high  but we were so disappointed.  
Guy at the register was pleasant and helpful.  Guy making the felafel was sooo slow and snarky.  We didn't get what we ordered, took way too long and the felafel was just okay, a bit tasteless & dry. 
For really great felafel and service with a smile, try Liberty Choice at 1947 N Front St.YES!  Wow.  We had three catering orders to pick up for our work party, the first two were by well known pizza and sandwich shops in the area and were given to us rather shoddily, and with crappy attitudes.  After spending a couple hundred at each location, I figured we'd be treated better.. so that experience actually stunk.. AAAAND then we went to Maoz to pick up our last order - and everything was perfect!
They had everything boxed up nicely, with two smiling guys waiting to help us, they helped us out to the car, the food was amazing, and our guests were happy.  My highest recommendation.  Thanks guys!