What an interesting night now with some work friends. We decided to get together and enjoy after work drinks, food and some good times. I found myself chatting about what bad service we were getting and how the waitress forgot .... drinks, napkins, food, said we don't have something but watched a table order what we just asked... not sure how that workd out! Then... we found out after everyone got food that they were out of wings... which was the first thing ordered. Okay so we have all waitresses or worked in the Resturant field but seriously ?! What next ...An average restaurant, food is ok, prices also seem ok. I had a tomato soup - will mor recommend. It was sour, the greens ( not sure if it was parcely or not) was cut in big pieces. Also, it has tiny seedsZ i also orsered grilled salmon w mashed potato and asparagus. This one was good, nothing super fancy though.This place has great food but it is complete chaos in there. They are so busy, they need to get better control and management over it. I will say they have the best salads though. If it wasn't for the complete chaos, even with pick up, i wuld eat from there everyday and it would be a 5 star place. But lack of control and management brings me to a 3.I truly enjoyed coming here for breakfast.  We were visiting from NYC and walked here in the morning from our hotel.  The breakfast was delicious, the staff is very friendly and accommodating, and the place was really clean.  They have a pretty diverse menu selection and are more than willing to offer substitutions.  I ordered a salmon, mushroom, cheese omelette but didn't want the potatoes (for dietary reasons) so they gave me a nice fruit salad instead.  It's also nice to sit by the window and people watch.  I'd definitely come here again if in Philly.My wife and I were getting coffee and we asked where we should get breakfast. we were told to go here. maybe we should have gotten a second opinion.
the food was simply ok. they have a large breakfast martini menu along with other mixed drinks. we were there on a sunday morning and there seemed to be more then a few hung over people sitting around. seems like they are a after party place. come get mediocre food and some more to drink and try and work of you hang over. 
we will be looking for something better next timeMarathon (any location) used to be one of my favorite places to eat in the city. Over the years the quality of the food and service has gone downhill.  The menu options are way more limited than they used to be, they aren't usually able to accommodate the request of no meat in a salad etc because it's all pre-made, and the servers are regularly rude and inattentive.  High prices for an unenjoyable experience.The waitress is like I do not want to work for you, you'd better finish and go quickly. So she is acting like a what? No need to judge what kind of people she is but she is definitely not a qualified waitress.WOW! How far has this place fallen. I used to frequent the Penn location cause I liked the caeser salad and my girl loved the salmon. But after this last experience, no more. Bland, cold food, unattentive service, well Im gonna leave it at that. Just not what it used to be 3,4 years ago. Soups were WAY better and the food just tasted better. PLEASE FIX!Meh.  I've experienced better.  
Low-lights:
Cramped seating
Food not seasoned
Burger unfufilling
I get the distinct feeling they are trying too hard.   I do like the concept, fresh, local ingredients, but alas, the delivery fails to meet expectations.Used to love their vegetarian chili, until today. Way too much pepper... it lost that flavor that made it so good. Plus saying it was lukewarm is generous. I work across the street - didn't have far to travel.  Guess now that it is cooling off, I will be finding a new spot for a quick chili pick up.  Ugh.Great place with great food. Amazing atmosphere and large patio. The service was friendly and fast. Right in the heart of the cityThis spot was my first Center City Sips experience and I do not ever intend on coming back. The security and bar staff do not do a very good job of ensuring good flow to the bar. A group of men decided to be assholes by taking over a section of the bar and refusing to move out of the way. I literally was told, we're not moving so walk around. The bartender should keep tabs on dbags like them to ensure they don't ruin the experience for others. Once I got to the bar, the bartender decided to end specials early and charge me full price. I've been in crowded bars before that could handle similar crowds so I don't feel any sympathy for the staff.I can't even begin to tell you how many times I've eaten here.  I have finally come to the conclusion that it's just not my favorite place.  Dinner tends to be better than lunch.  Their interior is sleek, social and a safe place to do a fairly quick business lunch or take out-of-towners, but it's incredibly crowded during peak hours and the outdoor patio spring/summer Happy Hour scene is enough to give me an anxiety attack.
Their Happy Hour beer and wine specials are very affordable ($3 specials), but it's a complete cluster causing service at the bar and by staff to be incredibly frustrating, though not their fault.  I give them credit for putting up with the sea of men in suits waving dollar bills in the air.
In closing, I think it's fair to say that Marathon is a standard Center City food and drink staple; it's fine.  As far as the food goes, you'll never really leave disappointed but rarely elated.The chocolate chip pancakes alone are what merit the four stars.
We went here for our brunch club meetup. The food was good - not out of this world or anything, but good. The service was average. They did refill my coffee cup plenty of times which is enough for me. 
But what capped this off and made it great was when our serbian friend demanded that we all share in his dessert/2nd breakfast of chocolate chip pancakes - that had cookie dough baked into them. Delicious.
All in all, average to good. Chainy. But we didn't wait more than 5 minutes on a Sunday, which was a plus.I go back and forth with this place.  If you are going for happy hour it's a good time.  If you are going to eat I have had both good and bad service and the food is pretty good.  It is closed on the weekends though which i don't really like.  The best thing about this place is the outdoor area and happy hour.This location of Marathon Grill just gets an A-Ok for me. I'm not sure what is is but this location compared to the one on 16th and samson, I notice a complete difference in the "salmon burger" which is my go-to item to order. The buns for the sandwich are different as well as the fries. Super weird, I was hoping for consistency but I think I will just go to the other location. This location is always JAM packed and the tables are WAY to close together. Not a fan of literally sitting next to your neighbors (they you do not know) and trying to have lunch with a close friend. 
The food overall wasn't bad, but I never have this experience with the other location (have eaten at the other location over 10 times, and have ordered to-go from there over 10 times). I've been to this location three times for lunch, and about five times for happy hour during SIPS. The SIPS happy hour is ridiculous, just avoid unless you like HUGE massive crowds, rude young people and a line for the bathroom that will take an hour. Just avoid SIPS period (wednesdays in the summer).  
All in all, whatever the 16th and sansom street is doing works!Great lunch and happy hour/sips spot!  It gets really crowded at lunchtime so I recommend going early.  Next time I go back, I want to try the Center City sandwich.  Their matzo ball soup is eh however, it was rated Best of Philly.Marathon has become my spot for sips. I don't typically done here. Though I did enjoy the salmon at the spruce street location. Sips here is a GIANT party...overly crowded with tons of young drunkerds....good timesAs a group of 6 we ordered a few appetizers and all were great! I tried fried calamari from the sampler, honey hot wings, mozzarella sticks, and buffalo tater tots among other things. My favorite was the buffalo tater tots by a mile! I would highly recommend them as they are unique and tasty! As a main dish I had the Marathon burger and fries and it was delicious! Cooked medium well as I requested and the toppings, although an odd combination on paper, worked together really well on the burger itself! We ate outside and the atmosphere was great! My only issue was that the DJ played an odd array of music and the waitress came somewhat infrequently (she was very nice when I interacted with her though). Overall the food, prices, atmosphere and drinks were good!I had one of the best sandwhiches here the other day...
Roasted chicken salad on ciabatta with fresh mozzarella and tomato. AMAZING. It was perfectly seasoned and not overly slopped with mayo.I was meeting with a client at 12:00. I got to the restaurant 11:50 and ask for a table for 2, thinking I could check my emails and order a drink while my client got there.  The place was empty, They said I could not have a table until  my client arrived. I totally understand if the restaurant  is crowded or if I'm asking for a table for 6 but it was a table for 2 and the place was empty!! . I even told them that what if my client is no longer coming and I want to eat by myself,  they would be sitting me in a table for 2 right? so, I told them that I just needed a table for myself and they didn't want to sit me down because they knew someone else was joining me in 10 min. It is ridiculous!!  As soon as I told them I was going to take a picture of the empty space, and I was going to write my review on their website, they offer a table right away. I can't believe it!!! will never come back to this place. By the way I have the picture on the empty restaurantThere was a mouse in the dining room in full view of the customers during lunch service on Monday, November 2.  
Nuff said.Nothing to write home about but perfectly fine happy hour place to have some wine, beer or other adult beverage of your choice. love the outdoor seating area during the warm summer months. 
I find it a bit strange that they serve all their drinks in plastic ware tho... Really? A plastic cup for my cab? 
Also, more food specials than drink specials during HH. 
The beer machines on the other hand -- my eyes are on you. Next time.We ordered delivery from Marathon as lunch during an all-day meeting.  I ordered a Southwest Salad with Shrimp and was pleased that everything was fresh.  I would have liked a more generous portion of avocado and pumpkin seeds. The Lime Vinaigrette dressing was very strong - I'm not sure if this is served on the side in the restaurant (as it was for delivery), but given the overwhelming flavor, I would definitely recommend keeping it separate so you can control the amount yourself.Great food, great staff! The menu has a lot of variety.
I enjoyed the Vegetable Capellini. It was hot, fresh & tasty. My husband had the Jambalaya & said he would definitely order it again.
They had some yummy looking smoothies that I wouldn't mind trying next time & they do have take out.This place was extremely crowded during Sips/Happy Hour. However, a crowd isn't a good excuse to serve wine in a plastic cup. Seriously?! That's ridiculous. The bartenders do a good job of reaching people in a timely manner, which was a positive thing. Lots of seating; indoor and outdoor. The location is perfect for bar hopping. When the rain started coming down, we walked to the next corner where Noche, Devil's Alley, and a few other good bars are. Worth going, but you must love crowds if you're going during happy hour.I came to this location for a school event. We had a huge group of people (maybe almost 100) and did a buffet style pre-thanksgiving dinner here. 
The place is accommodating for large groups bc it is quite spacious, but also the fact that we were able to book it is quite telling of the quality of food.
Our thanksgiving dinner consisted of turkey, stuffing,mashed potatoes, broccoli, cranberry sauce and apple / pumpkin pie. Turkey was dry, so was the stuffing. The broccoli was bland. I basically just drenched everything in gravy and cranberry sauce to make it taste better. Apple pie was so-so. Not really sure if any of this is on their regular menu, or it was just specially designed for us.First time here for food (came for drinks during center city sipps). The food is delicious and service is really good as well. Everything came out quick and nothing was missing. The chicken sandwich I got was flavorful and tender. Overall a great place in the city for lunch or an outing with the coworkers.We continue to go here for a company lunch. Not too sure why. Most likely because it's nearby and convenient. There really isn't anything special about this place.  
I tried their Hummus and Pita blackened chicken wrap and it was really bland. The hummus was out inside the wrap which I thought was interesting. It definitely needed a sauce to boost its flavor. 
I would definitely recommend going elsewhere for food.My favorite place to go for Center City SIPS. Great DJ, good location, and it's always very crowded. Fun, young professional crowd and, if you work downtown, this is likely where you're going to run into people you know. 
Outside of SIPS nights during the summer, I'm not a fan. The drinks are good but the food and service are just okay so I think it's a little overrated.The food was good. The cheese steak wontons were really good. I got a cheese steak that was ok, not much cheese. Everyone else enjoyed the food. This is not the place to be if you want a quiet atmosphere. This was our second time
 The first time was loud, but this second time was during an eagles game, so we knew what we were getting into. We will go again.The recent news about a few Marathons closing made me want to chime in with a comment or three.  It's always sad when a local company goes under (for now, partially; hopefully not in entirety) but nonetheless Marathon garners but one single, solitary star from this Yelper.
If it's mediocre, overpriced, and snooty service you want, by all means, have at it.  One of my friends works upstairs and this was always a convenient spot for him to lunch and he graciously picked up the tab on several occasions so, thankfully, I've never paid for a meal here.  I received far better service and slightly better food when I dined at their now closed UC location.Great place to get lunch in the city! There's great food, a wide variety available on the menu, and quick service. 
The food is great. I usually get the burger with either fries or a side salad. The meals are fresh and nicely seasoned. The waiters are very accommodating of food allergies, pleasant and knowledgeable. 
The crowd is generally professionals on lunch break, so this is a great place to go with coworkers or clients, although it's also a nice atmosphere and good with a group of friends. The room is busting, but the service is very attentive and you never feel rushed! The one policy that bugs me a bit is that the restaurant will not seat you until everyone in your group arrives -- so just be sure everyone in the group knows what time to meet before arriving. 
Overall, a perfect choice for lunch in the city!Just had a lunch at Marathon. The service was quick, friendly and efficient. I had the SouthWest Chicken salad. It was quite good. The chicken was fresh, well prepared. There could have been less bar-b-que sauce on the chicken. But, that's just my personal preference. The lettuce and field greens were fresh and crisp. I'll definitely return."Sippin' on gin and juice, laid back
With my mind on my money
And my money on my mind"
Direct quote from Snoop dog.
 The bartender overly nice and kind!
I just hate the overly caring customer service!
I will not not come here againI had lunch at this marathon location on friday of last week. It was busy but the hostess accommodated in a warm and timely fashion, I was seated promptly. My waiter "jake" was attentive and knowledgable. I ordered one of the daily specials which was fajitas, and as a former resident of the great state of Texas, I was pleased. My only complaint was there wasn't enough guac or pico de gayo, but Jake gladly got me more from the kitchen. I had a decent glass of pinot grigio and all in all, had a very good experience.My friends and I were looking for a happy hour restaurant on a Wednesday. After walking past several places that were packed we ended up at marathon grill. We didn't know about their happy hour specials until the waitress told us about them. Everyone in my group got the margarita which was only $5 and pretty strong. They also had house wine for $5 and beer $4. Overall would definitely come here again for happy hour.Marathon Grill is a pretty safe lunch option when in Center City. Nothing to write home about, but satisfying enough to go back to. 
Their sandwiches are pretty good; I enjoy the Jay's hand cut turkey, the Portobello grilled sandwich, and the roasted chicken salad (sub in provolone instead of mozzarella). Their salmon burger wasn't all that great, and their Caesar salad has entirely too much dressing. It is pre-made so you can't ask for it on the side either. Also, when I'm feeling like something greasy/unhealthy, their quesadillas are tasty as well as the coconut shrimp. 
The service is pretty spot on; the place is always so busy and hectic but they manage to stay pretty attentive. 
They have a nice outdoor seating area when it's warm, but you'd have to come early to get a spot. 
Their catering is pretty amazing as well, they are always very easy to work with, everything comes on time and arranged nicely. 
This is always a nice back up option when you aren't sure what exactly you want for lunch.Never impressed by the food. The outdoor bar is too loud. Went recently and encountered a very unpleasant server. Will avoid in future.I can't see how this place gets bad reviews. I love their lunch and the staff is as accommodating as they can be considering the lunch rush is pretty insane. The wontons are good and so are the Mediterranean Meatballs. If lunch is too busy then catch breakfast here. I feel like breakfast is the meal they do the best.If you are called Marathon Grill, you do not please me. The food is just average. Biggest downside: the tables are SO CLOSE together you feel like you're breathing on the other diners and (maybe it's my paranoia... but) everyone can hear your conversation so don't take a date here or talk about anything personal/serious/private.
I called in for take out once (on a Wednesday night- so it couldn't have been that busy), and a really unprofessional waitress answered the phone and kept placing me on hold, then taking part of my order, then placing me on hold again... so I eventually hung up and ordered from somewhere else.  I was very skeptical that she would even get my order right.I had lunch here and got the chicken salad sandwich with a salad. Not that good. The service was alright, the waitress we had was very nice and attentive. I like how the place looks and I enjoyed it more when there wasn't a lunch rush. During the busy hour it was a little uncomfortably packed into a small space inside. I'd go back if someone told me they wanted to eat there but it wouldn't be one of my first choices. I'd say 3.5 starsMarathon -- at this Market Street location and other venues -- is a Philly mainstay. I've had better meals and service at other locations. I've had lunch at 1818 (Wed SIPS place) twice in recent weeks. Seated by hostesses cheerfully both times on the open-air patio. Then it was downhill. Food OK. Service, however, needs help.  Our waiters on both occasions were pleasant enough. Took the orders correctly. But it was RUSH RUSH RUSH. We were eating a late lunch. No crowds seeking our table. Still it was RUSH RUSH RUSH. And, yes, I know the dog whistles that mean that they want to blow the joint: 'Are you still WORKING on that?' (No, I'm retired) and 'Is everything all right?' Yeah, cool, bro. Just get out of my face. Please. -- Hotspur for The PJ (www.junto.blogspot.com).My review is based on Sips happy hour only. This location is ideal and the crowd is always great. BUT it is way too crowded. It took me 20ish minutes to get a beer. My friend ordered an app and she paid up front and then they said "we'll find you when your food is done." She walked around and found the waitress after 45 mins to get her food. I can never order more than one drink here because my anxiety goes through the roof. The DJ is always great which makes drunk dancing awesome, once the crowd lets out.Marathon Grill is decent to pick up breakfast or lunch on the go, as I work across the street.  A few weeks ago I fell in love with their salmon burger but just called the other day to order one and found that it was no longer on the menu.  The revamped their entire menu and the pickins are somewhat slim.  They also drastically reduced their portions and increased their prices but hey, what are you gonna do?This is a great place for lunch. I used to work right next door and go a lot. They have a wide selection of sandwiches and salads.  The Asian Chicken salad was always my favorite. They also have great fries too!  In the springtime they also have an outside bar area. It is open for Center City Sips in the summer!Cool atmosphere. But I sat at a table for over 45 minutes without even a greeting from a server, let alone a request to take our order. What's up guys? You don't like taking my money or what? We came here on a recommendation. Unfortunately, I won't be passing that along.Come on down on Wednesday nights for the big party.  Lots of blatant , open drug dealing,  fights,  and mugging by and of the customers. And later on the place becomes an open air hooker market.  What fun!I have ordered lunch from here twice and regretted it both times. The food is overpriced, bland, and poorly cooked- even as far as standard bar food goes. There are tons of better places in the neighborhood to grab something to eat.This is my absolute favorite place to be for Happy Hour on Wednesdays during the Summer! (Center City Sips.. look it up if you don't know what I am talking about) It is always full of fun people and the DJ plays a wide variety of music. This vibe is great and the drink specials are good too... I usually get a few glasses of Chardonnay.They recently updated their lunch menu.  I was sad to see the soup/salad/sandwich combo disappear, and the breakfast options are slimmer (just an omelette now).  My lunchmates usually like to have breakfast for lunch, so it may mean we go less often. Marathon also removed "cheese fries" from the menu but our waiter was happy to provide cheese sauce on the side.
Went on 4/9 with a rambunctious group of 6.  Were seated reasonably quickly (much faster than we anticipated) and our waiter was a dream (resembled James McAvoy and gave us the lowdown on the Bradley Cooper filming that's scheduled at the restaurant for 4/12).  Our waiter was helpful, patient with our very picky lunch orders and entertaining.  One of our burgers was underdone (looked medium rare but was ordered meduim well), but was quickly replaced and we weren't charged for it.  It was nice that it was taken care of without us even asking about it.
The fries could have been hotter, as they were just this side of room temperature.  Burgers were delicious and the quesadilla was tasty.Really enjoyed dinner here. I ordered the perogies with asparagus and got a white sangria which was delicious! Would go back and recommend. Good service, clean facilities.Marathon is a must when meeting Friends for a great meal! Always consistently delicious. Generous portions at affordable prices and my favorite- breakfast all day! All meal times have great menu options and from omelettes to salmon, they do it right.This is a good spot for lunch, however it is a bit pricey and their service has become much slower.  Not sure what happened to the regular wait-staff but they are missed!My group of friends enjoyed a wonderful weeknight dinner here. The atmosphere was nicer and more upscale than I expected, and definitely fit the bill for American Modern.  
We ordered a mix of salads and burgers, and my medium rare monstrosity hit the spot, and the sweet potato fries were delicious. The salads looked great, too.
We nearly had the place to ourselves, and our waiter was attentive but not intrusive. Marathon Grill makes for a solid choice and a great addition to selection in center city.Great place for Sunday brunch. I recommend the Green Monster smoothie! Good for detoxing after a night of excess ;) the location is good for tourists since it's near city hall and the Masonic temple. They also have a killer grass fed cheesesteak "wit whiz". Overall it's a little wait, but worth it!I've never really been here for food, but the happy hour is great! The happy hour is awesome during the warmer seasons due to outside seating. It is a laid-back atmosphere, and I'll definitely head back there for a couple drinks!I love this place for lunch. I love that they have grass fed turkey burgers (which i love). I also like the fact that they allow you to chose between a salad and fried. Not all places give you that option.Quick service, great food for lunch.  Pea soup was especially good.  Marathon salad aka chef's salad was good and they accomodated dressing on the side.The "control freak" salad is my jam! So many options to pick from- from fresh delish raw veggies, several base salad options, grilled veggies and proteins. Everything you could possibly want on a salad and more! I personally love their grilled shrimp so that's a must order for me, a close second- their crispy chicken. Yum! They are super helpful working menu options for you if you have allergies or dietary restrictions- which was my case on my last two visits to Marathon. The servers on both occasions were able to work with me and accommodate.We had reservations for a large group of children and the menu had been worked out ahead of time. The female manager was incredibly flustered and outright rude when a small request was made due to dietary restrictions. The request was eventually accommodated but not without making a scene and causing the guest ( a child!) to be shamed and guilted. The service was incredibly rushed and the same female manager could be heard loudly complaining as she slammed dishes down on tables. 
Bad service aside, the food was also terrible. When in Philly the expectations of a cheesesteak are a tad higher than normal. What was served was practically inedible. I'd never recommend this place and would not return. 
I was incredibly disappointed with the behavior of the aforementioned manager. This was a special treat for this group and it was tarnished by her lack of empathy, inadequate customer service skills, and scant ability to manage. Overall this was a substandard dining experience.This review is only of their outdoor bar which is basically just like an indoor bar without good beer selection and without bathrooms.
Lots of suits coming here for happy hours after work. Not that fun of an environment. Really, this is a place where you go if your main goal is to drink outside.
I don't really have a lot to say about this place. Their selection left me somewhat underwhelmed and the environment had me ready to leave shortly after downing my first beer.It was a great day outside so we decided to go to the outside bar at Marathon.   It was really packed at 5:00 and we had to stand on the stairs near the sidewalk....which was fine.  BUT apparently this place is a daycare as well.   There were so many kids running around while their parents hung out.  I have no problem with that other than the fact that they were climbing all over stuff and near our drinks.  We finally asked them to be please careful.   I guess that didn't settle well with the one kids and we got a talking to from one of the parents.  Not an apology for their kid climbing all of our things but for us saying something to them.  We left immediately and I'll never go back there.   When we walked passed the place around 8:30pm the kids were still there.This is the go to sit down group work lunch spot because it is literally across the street for my office. I don't really remember ever actively choosing to go here but more of someone in the group suggests it and since the food is good I agree. (Is it just me or does to food automatically taste better when the boss pays?) The food is solid and they have a large amount of seating. The outside seating is a mess right now due to construction on the building but it was and will be nice when it is finished and fully accessible.We just moved to the area and we were excited to try a new place. The atmosphere was just what we were looking for after work however we are not pleased with the service. We sat outside and waited 25 minutes for someone to approach us. We ended up having to get our first drink at the bar.
We were having a nice time and wanted to order another drink however the server came up to us and handed us the bill. We were extremely confused since we never asked for it.
The server we had was extremely rude and it's disappointing because it could have been a nice night. 
The atmosphere is great but I would definitely improve on the employees who work there.How is this considered a top spot for Sips?? It's so mobbed that you will literally hit someone in the face with your arm when you raise your drink to your mouth. 
The outside area is nice and I'm sure I would enjoy it when it's less packed and I'm not butt to butt with strangers on a humid Philadelphia day, still wearing my work clothes. But if that sounds like your thing then you will love this place!I was at sips today.  And I am so sad to say this but  for the first time in my life I felt as though the bartenders were taking orders from all the white people standing there at the bar before addressing anyone who was colored.  I stood at the bar for 15min and I was ignored until people who were white were served before me even though they got there after me.  I watched each person get served until there was just me.  WTF!!! Is it 1930??? I officially hate this place! Total twilight zone!!Great place to grab breakfast on the fly. I was in town for work and stopped in to grab a bite before starting a busy day. The veggie breakfast wrap was delectable and very satisfying. Only downside was that the dining area was frigid. Hopefully this isn't always the case. Otherwise, two thumbs up!Had brunch on 4th of July. The breakfast burrito was really excellent (picture gooey, pulled cheese and soft, fluffy eggs) and that was about it. The service was OK - attentive enough, and just friendly enough, but certainly not "smiley" or enthusiastic at all - both host and server. Great location and seemed like a pleasant place to be; I'll probably visit again, but not before I try out other places in the area first.I came here with coworkers this morning. The food was average. I ordered the veggies wrap which was a very good breakfast burrito - I devoured it. However, the potatoes it was served with were dry/ overcooked and not seasoned at all. I also ordered a Bloody Mary which wasn't great. We ordered the banana bread french toast to share which was good; not as sweet and I thought. We also ordered the dark chocolate chip cookie dough pancakes. I only had a small bite but it tasted like chocolate chip pancakes with very few chocolate chips. The name seemed a a little deceiving. However, everyone seemed very happy with their meals. The wait staff was very friendly. Prices were reasonable. They have a large outdoor deck but it was too windy to sit there. I will probably be back this summer to sit outside.Great place to grab a bite for a work-day lunch. Went with a slew of co-workers so we reserved a table for 7 at 11:45AM. The place was packed by 12:15PM so it was a good thing we did. Our server took our orders immediately and about 15 minutes after - we received our food. Perfect timing. 
Not wanting a post-lunch coma, I opted for a crispy chicken and sesame salad. Delicious - there were copious amounts of tender fried chicken, edamame, field greens, and radish. I opted to have the salad without the red onions. The salad was perfectly dressed with a sesame dressing that was light and subtle. I appreciated that the salad was not overdressed.
Definitely a good place to stop by. The space is nice - large, good lighting. When the weather's nice - they have outdoor seating as wellI think the patio at Marathon Grill is one of those good-for- atmosphere places but I wasn't blown away otherwise by my recent happy hour experience.
Set back from the street and shaded by trees, the patio makes a perfect outdoor drinking spot. I've heard it gets pretty crowded for Sips, but my Tuesday trip was manageable. My friend was able to snag a table with some other tables to spare but the bar area was pretty full.
I was deciding between the happy hour white wine and the summer shandy. The only white wine was chardonnay so I went with the shady. Unfortunately, when the server brought it out, she spilled some on my lap. I wasn't totally saturated and I wasn't overly concerned with a shandy staining my dress. If I went with a red wine, I would not have been as forgiving.
So my group decided to split the appetizer sampler, and my husband and I planned on splitting the margarita flat bread. The appetizer sampler came about a half an hour after placed the order but the flat bread never came. We mentioned this to another server and he went to check on it. Apparently they forgot to put it in. We weren't going to make a big deal about it since the appetizer platter was a decent size, but the manager was kind enough to comp it for us. So the food was just your standard bar food, especially the sampler. We upgraded from the regular fries to the sweet potato fries, which were pretty tasty, but everything else was just average. The individual calamari order on the menu included jalapenos, but I guess the calamari on the sampler platter didn't. The platter also included chicken fingers and mozzarella sticks. 
I didn't realize the patio closed after happy hour so our server came around with our bill and asked us to settle up. Despite my not so fab experience, I would have had another drink. Oh well. It was a nice atmosphere but there are better happy hours and outdoor spots in Philly.It's a decent spot for breakfast or happy hour and they've got $1 take out coffee so if you don't want to wait in Starbucks' line, this is a nice alternative.STANDARD place: Only been here for brunch, and it was just alright. 
A friend of mine had been wanting to check this place out for a little while and we were talking a walk throughout Rittenhouse Square looking for a place to eat so we ended up here. I had heard mixed reviews about the place, so in the essence of adventure I obliged. 
Suffice it to say, I probably won't in the future. I'm just not sure what all the hype is about. While the restaurant did do a great job of getting us seated rather expediently, the rest of the affair was meh. The waitress literally forgot about us the whole time we were eating after we got our food (we had to get her attention just to bring the check). 
The food itself tasted mediocre. As usual, I went big and ordered the waffle along with the salmon egg scramble, which came with potatoes. Although the presentation of the items was attractive, the actual taste left something to be desired. The waffle was heavy (which makes it dry), which isn't really my thing. The salmon egg scramble was actually pretty good and the potatoes were run-of-the-mill pan made potatoes. Pretty standard and not worth noting. So all in all I'm pretty certain there are better brunch options around the city. Maybe the lunch/dinner here is better, but I wouldn't suggest chomping at the bit to get a reservation here.Good generic eating.  This place is rather noisy however if you're looking to have a conversation during lunch.Loved the food here- service was ok. Fast but not the friendliest. Good menu options, something for everyone!I work close to this Marathon and have been many times over the years, but obviously I haven't thought enough of it to write a review.
Marathon is kind of a diner plus. The sandwich toothpicks are a little fancier, the plates are square, and the prices are a little higher. But like a diner, it's quick food with variable service and variable quality. It's a good choice for a small group going out for a workday lunch.
The Control Freak Salad is one of the better menu choices if you're into salads. Sandwiches all seem fresh, paninis are not greasy or dripping cheese everywhere, and either comes with a choice of salad or fries. Nothing is particularly life-changing, and sometimes the food is really good and sometimes just ok.
I've had better experiences here than at other Marathon locations. I've been to the Happy Hour all of one time and felt like I was at an outdoor frat party, so that's not my thing at all.I went there for lunch with coworker one day. It's just as crowded as any other popular place for business lunch. You will find a lot of people in suit and tie. We didn't have to wait but found ourselves sit by a tiny table and way too close to tables next to us. 
I went with a Turkey Club sandwich. It took less than 10 minutes for it to come out. I didn't realize they use 3 pieces of bread for the sandwich. I wonder what the correct way to eat it should be, since it was definitely hard to bite through it. For $14, it was okay for the food. 
If you are here for business lunch, I would suggest you to try out Matyson for a much quieter and spacious place to talk, besides some well-executed dishes.Went here for brunch with a few girlfriends last Sunday morning. We were hoping to sit outside, however, did not arrive early enough to snag a good seat. We had tried to make a reservation, went even so far as to receive a confirmation from OpenTable.com stating that our reservation was booked, however, when we called the restaurant to change the time, the hostess explained they do not take reservations for Sunday brunch. Lucky for us, we were seated inside immediately upon arrival. The dining area felt large and the booth fit the 4 of us very comfortably. 
The waiter was very friendly and attentive. The menu had a slew of brunch options, spanning over a plethora of breakfast and lunch fare. We opted for breakfast foods and mimosas (which for $7 were a bit pricey, but good). I ordered the whole wheat banana almond pancakes which I highly recommend! Very filling and delicious. They were not "soggy" in the middle, either, which is always something I dread when I order pancakes with fruit inside. 
All in all, a pretty great brunch experience. I would definitely come here again.I miss the good old days with Marathon. They've dropped several good menu items over the years - some basics, like their baked eggs and their potato salad.  And since Marathon's strength has always been basics, that's a bad thing. The food remains solid but uninspired. Service at this location is good. And it's a moderately priced sit-down choice. Which is all to say that it's fine, but I don't really look forward to going anymore.