Marchiano's Tomato Pie and Oreganata are the best.  After living in the Manayunk/Roxborough area all my life, I moved to North Carolina.  Except for one of my friends who also came from the area, no one has ever heard of these two specialties. I would like to attempt to make them  myself, however am looking for some suggestions on how to make the tomato pie crust. I know I will never be able to duplicate their recipe, but sure would like to come close to it.  Can anyone help.We met the Marchiano family while on vacation in OCNJ.  What a terrific group of people!  From across our balconies we chatted over beers and they mentioned their bakeries in Manayunk and a newly opened bakery in Sea Isle.  They surprised us the following night with the gift of a fresh tomato pie, and a cheesesteak and pepperoni bread.  They were all delicious!  We can't wait to visit their new bakery in Sea Isle and and share with our family and friends!When I was little, there used to be a table outside my church after mass on sundays and they would sell marchiano's breads and tomato pies and parishioner-made cakes and pies to raise money. NOTHING was more exciting then the occurence of a blue moon when my parents actually stopped to buy a tomato pie, and i thought it was the greatest tomato pie in the world...
it's now 20 years later and i *still* love Marchiano's tomato pie, only now i know it *is* the best  tomato pie in the greater Philadelphia universe. Marchiano's has sauce that is the perfect consistency and has just the right amount of garlic. The dough is always an ideal thickness, the crusts thick and chewy. 
-It is better than the Conshohocken Bakery because their sauce is too sweet and their dough is too dense and dry. this is doubly disappointing because it really does LOOK good when you get it. 
-It is better than Cascia's because their sauce is way too garlicky . i can only eat one piece and then i stink for days-- if they toned it down a little, i'd actually have them tied with marchiano's because i like their dough better-- more filling. 
-It is better than Season's Pizza because their tomato pie was just a cold pizza with no cheese on a cardboard-inspired elio's crust (bleck!). 
-and, lastly, it's better than Gaeta's because they just serve imitation Conshohocken Bakery pie.
the next best thing about Marchiano's is their breads. I don't particularly like oreganata, but i scarf down theirs.  their pepperoni & cheese, ham & cheese, steak& cheese stuffed breads/strombolis are awesome for a quick lunch.
Marchiano's is a little out of the way, but absolutely worth the trip!
p.s. some advice-- people like to cut tomato pie into little bite-sized pieces when they serve it at parties. You can get away with that if you have Cascia's (the garlicky-ness) or Conshocken's (the sweetness) but if you have Marchiano's, an average-sized person like me can eat the whole pie in minutes without even realizing it...Phillys Best Tomato Pie !  moist, favorful and memorable.  Once you have Marchianos you wont even want to give the others a try.   The stromboli breads and oregantas are equally as good. Been a family fav since I was a kid.  Holidays & Tailgate days sell out fast.  Always best to order in advance but during non-holiday time can usually drop in for breads & pie.
For visitors give this manayunk spot a try, easy to find off 76.These breads are awesome. I especially love the ham/cheese and cheesesteak. We used to live right across the bridge in Belmont Hills but even since making the move to chester county still come down quite a lot (45 mins) at least 5-6 times a year to pick some up. I recommend the fresh breads rather than frozen, but in a pinch those work too. Also on football sundays you want to call in advance for an order. Remember to bring cash as its cash only.Manayunk residing family members of mine has been raving about this for a year.
Was told it was stuffed bread and my excitement level wasn't exactly above a 1 owing to my trying to stay in the low carb realm for the next few weeks. But the car came to a stop at the bottom of the one of the Yunk's hills and to the left was Marchiano's. This had to be fate.
Walking in I was warmly greeted and I felt the mom and pop vibe. The bakery was a simple place where many, many breads were displayed in an orderly fashion. You just pick and go.
I decided on the sausage, pepper and cheese stuffed bread to take home. Paid, left and went to the car and took a bite or 30. All I know is one bite turned into the whole thing being gone in 10 minutes. So unlike me, the leftover queen who always takes leftovers home to enjoy  a second day. 
 But I swear I was put in a spell from the deliciousness of the fresh ingredients.  That's the story I'm sticking with.Deeee-licious.  Here is my complaint.  THEY RUN OUT OF FOOD AND CLOSE!  Bake more yummy stuffed bread please.If you're looking to satisfy your carb craving, this is the place for you. My family has been getting stuffed breads from Marciano's for years now and they are always unbelievably delicious. Very reasonably priced, especially because it would be a struggle to finish a whole stuffed bread on your own.Love this place. They make delicious breads and stuff delicious things in them. Call ahead and pick some up on your way to an Eagles game.THE BEST!!!! Hometown business...hometown people ....and great food! Love how they do all the holidays and special events BIG! Thank you!Simply put, an absolutely fabulous tomato pie. The crust was cooked perfectly and the kitchen applies the right amount of a delicious tomato sauce topping. Even better than the pie was the Pepperoni and Cheese bread. Don't leave without getting one. The owner Frank and his lovely daughter add an authentic feeling to the entire experience.This place is a diamond in the rough. Found it accidentally when apartment shopping in Manayunk...they have everything from breakfast to chicken cheese steak pockets, all handmade and likely warm if you arrive before 11.
Honestly in my perspective...their cheese steak pockets rivals cheesesteaks from famous locations including: Jim's, Dellessandro's, Pat's and Geno's. 
The price is also a good value. This spot is family owned and they only take cash, although they do have a generic ATM if you need.Ohhhhhhhh how I love all of the rich, subtle flavors of the tomato pie. I chew each bite as close to 32 times because that's how adamant I am about savoring the tastiness. I am not a native to these Northern lands. When I first heard "tomato pie" I thought it was local vernacular for regular ol' pizza. It's always important to stay open-minded and open-bellied to learning new things, y'all. There's a whole world of delicious out here and I'm happy to direct your attention to this one hidin' in the cut of Roxborough.
I've sampled a few tomato pies, but this one's my favorite. It's good hot or cold, which warrants its own star if I'm being honest. Ain't a whole lot of foods I'll eat hot AND/OR cold. Plus these pies are made with the kind of fresh, flavorful tomatoes, spices and other secret good stuff that all the other pie-makin' folk might rave on and on about, but here they're just servin' it up without all the fuss and pomp. At Marchiano's these are steadfast, knowing hands moldin' that pie into homemade deliciousness that you really taste in each bite. 
It's a cash only party, so be ready. They usually have a few large ($17) and small ($? Wait. Why would you get a small?!) tomato pies on the shelf, but I always call ahead to make sure. If you're wanting a whole slew of 'em or it's near a holiday, football season, etc., you best call ahead and place your order. One day I'mma sample some other things on the menu. 
I keep saying that, but then when I get ready to order I only want the tomato pie. We're going steady.
The locals are loyal to this spot. Everytime I'm in there a Cheers-like moment goes down. Hasn't happened to me just yet :) but I love the round-the-way feeling all the same.So I tried the tomato pie and pepperoni bread today, and my mind is blown. The bread is just amazing. I don't know what they put in their dough, but it must be magical. This place is very historical. A lot of famous people order from here. They have pictures all over the walls of some of their famous customers. Frank Sinatra is on there! It's interesting to eat room temperature tomato pie, but boy is it delicious. I loved the pepperoni bread. I plan on ordering it for an upcoming party. I recommend placing an order before coming in to pick up. This place can get busy on a Saturday.The BEST take and bake pizzas I've ever had. Only downside is they only make them on Fridays and sell out usually before 3.Love the mom and pop shop feel. Went to try out the pepperoni stuffed bread from all the rave reviews. Unfortunately was disappointed - didn't think it was worth the hype! The cheese was very salty and not as gooey and stringy I was expecting. The bread was pretty standard. It was just bread cheese and pepperoni, didn't seem anything special to me. Will still be willing to try their tomato pie another time.Simply put the best stuffed breads(Strombolis) around. The pepperoni bread, and broccoli cheese bread are awesome.Incredible local food at a Manayunk institution. Their famous tomato pie is plenty good, but I usually can't get past the pepperoni bread. Imagine a delicious piece of pepperoni pizza wedged into a croissant  crust, and you're getting close. Overall fantastic.This small, family owned bakery is locally known as 'the' place to go for tomato pie, oreganata, and savory breads (pepperoni, cheesesteak, spinach, etc.) The crust on the tomato pie is crunchy/chewy and holds the sauce well over time, unlike other tomato pies where the crust eventually gets soggy...not this one! Love the sauce, but will say that it is not a sweet sauce, but a much more balanced tomato-y/garlic/rich sauce.  The oreganata is awesome - and the portions huge! You can't go wrong with any of the breads; usually I'll pick up an assortment, 'cause I can't decide. The only drawback to this place is that if you are having a last minute craving during football season, good luck trying to score - they bake to order with only a small surplus on the side for last minute buyers. That and lack of parking can be a problem at times - but Marchiano's delicious offerings are worth the extra time to call in an order and driving 40 minutes to pick it up!Best pepperoni, tomato, and spinach bread in the city, as far as I'm concerned.  They also have tomato pies that are out of this world.  Pepporoni bread runs about $5 per big, tasty loaf.  The lady at the register is a sourpuss, but don't let it stop you from grabbing a bite.Even if you don't live in the neighborhood, Marchiano's is worth the drive to Manayunk (but then, what isn't). Unlike a typical bakery where you get pastries and sweets, this place does nothing but savory. Everything from the spinach bread, to the tomato pie to the oregano loaf is fresh baked every day on premises. My favorite time to go is for their special take on a cheese steak just before a game (Eagles, Flyers, #1 Phils, Sixers ... 
Go Philly!). If you go just once, they'll remember you every next time you stop by, call you "Hon", and ask if you want the same as last time, which they will remember. The Marchiano family runs a great all around neighborhood place that never makes you feel like you aren't really from around here.Driving down Umbria Street you would all but miss this tiny gem, that is if it weren't for its obnoxious facade.  It really sticks out like a soar thumb,,,but what a helpful marketing scheme!  Once you get there, your sure to make a few trips around the block looking for parking (go around the school, it's the only simple block).  IT WILL ALL BE WORTH IT!!!
You will probably have to wait in line, crossing your fingers, praying that the guy infront of you doesn't get the last loaf of cheese steak bread....at least that's my favorite.
Reaching the counter reminds me of the Soup Nazi episode of Sienfield.  You should have what you want picked out and ready to be raddled off on command.  The counter worker is usually a little brisk.  I just pray that she never says "No bread for you".  
It really is all worth the effort.  this place has great stuffed bread, and awesome tomato pie!!!I'm still eating it and needed to review it immediately.  Holy crap - it's like God decided that pepperoni bread was his favorite food and decided to share it with the world.  I'm presently devouring pepperoni bread, spinach bread, and tomato pie, and no, I refuse to share :) I agree wholeheartedly with Carrie P. when she says to "bring lots of cash" because you are going to want to stock up on and try everything.  I got there first thing in the morning to pick it up, and there was no one there, so that's another HUGE bonus. The breads are $6.50-$7.00 each, and well worth every penny. The gigantic 32" tomato pie was only $17, and it can definitely feed 3-4 people easily, and maybe stretched to 5 or 6 people, depending on whatever else you're serving and how generous you want to be. I know for a fact that I am going back to Marchiano's - and soon - to get more of these and try the other stuffed breads!Visited this on a food tour.   Best tomato pie ever!!  My boyfriend loved the pepperoni and cheese bread.   Loads of people leaving with boxes of the tomato pie.   Must try if you love tomato pie.Ohh this place brings back so many memories from my childhood :) ... My mom use to take me and my sisters early saturday morning (once a month) to stand in line to get fresh bakery bread... My favorite was the cheddar and broccoli filled bread, the bread would soft and still warm from the oven . Biting into it ,is like a party in your mouth between the fresh broccoli and oozing cheddar cheese encapsulated   in some of the best bread in Philly (hands down)... Still to this day 24 yrs later i take my kids to pick up a loaf or 2 , but now they have various different selection of things you can choose to have the bread stuffed with such as : cheese egg and green peppers (breakfast) pulled pork with bbq sauce, steak and cheese,chicken cheese steak etc ... If you are in the manuyunk area and have a taste for a quick bite , you wont be disappointed stopping here !!I literally cannot say enough good things about this place. Take and bake pizzas? Delicious. Tomato pie? So beyond delicious it's insane. When you go there you instantly feel like you're stepping into a family business, and it makes the experience that much better. Long live Marchiano's! I love this place.I love Marchiano's Bakery. It's such a cool place, in that you'll rarely visit without seeing one of the family members at the counter. Their tomato pie is definitely one of the best in Philly - and if you've already had it, then try their cheesesteak tomato pie which is equally amazing. This is my husband's go-to spot for game day breads or trips to the shore - couldn't recommend it more!I went here as part of a Philly Chew Tour and had a piece of tomato pie and pepperoni cheese bread. Both were very good but the pepperoni cheese bread was definitely the winnerThis place is a gem.
I sampled the cheesesteak bread and the egg, pepper & cheese bread, both great. I went with spinach and cheese and I'm so glad I did.
Their flavors are so comforting and nostalgic for me. The egg one tastes like my mother's pepper & egg sandwiches, I think they would make a wonderful breakfast. The spinach reminds me of this bakery my father would take us to just north of Boston. They had these little spinach pies that were to die for, and this loaf has the same seasoning and texture.
It is family-run and it shows. You can tell their food is made with love and pride. I can't wait to try the (incredibly enormous and cheap) tomato pie.They have great strombolis made up fresh everyday.  Each time I go there, the service is friendly, i personally like the philly cheesesteak the best.
Also, some of the best tomato pie out there.  I would highly recommend to bring strombolis or tomato pie to any tailgate or bbqThese are the most amazing things I've ever tasted. Stuffed breads, pizza to take home and cook. The stuffed breads melt in your mouth and I crave them weeklyCan't say enough good things about Marchiano's.  Their breads are incredible.  Prices are reasonable.  And their sauce is what dreams are made of.This is a must stop. They make "stuffed breads" they are all amazing. But if you are visiting family or friends out of town like my parents in Mexico you must bring the cheese steak bread. They travel great. They are like a Stromboli but better. They also make a wonderful tomato pie. One last item , they make a round dough spicy or not called an Oreganato , it's pretty damn good. You can't customize. It's a bakery . You just show up and get what they have. Plenty of parking around the corner.I am not an expert on tomato pies, having tried only a few in my life time. Today by chance, my office ordered some from Machiano's as well as Iannelli's so I got a chance to do a tatste test. 
Marchiano's won by a landslide. The dough, the tangy tomato sauce, everything was just perfection!Awesome bakery. They have a nice selection of great food. Been here a few times and have loved it every time. Really a high quality place.The most delicious thing you could ever imagine is their pepperoni bread. Perfect for hangovers. The bread is crispy in the outside and soft in the inside and so full of buttery flavor. The stuffings include tons of pepperoni and I don't even know what kind of cheese, but it's really good cheese. Note: the inside does not contain sauce, it's just the pepperoni and cheese, but you can buy a side of sauce for dipping. The portions are huge and one is more than enough to soak up your mistakes from the night before. 
Cash onlyFor a place that looks like any other 'whole in the wall' eateries, this is an absolute delight of great-eats.
I've had catered food from here for parties as well as just regular meals a bunch of times.  You definitely should order ahead of time!!!
Don't know what else to add aside from what has been said by previous reviewers below.
You can't go wrong with this place.  I've never been disappointed thus far.There's not many things I miss about living in Manayunk, not a big fan of the locals, the limited food options, and especially the knee-breaking hills.  
....Marchiano's almost makes all of those downfalls tolerable.
I honestly can't say I've ever had their tomato pie (what they're known for), but that's because I'm so overwhelmed by how good their stuffed bread options are and can never have enough.  As I have tried most of their 8-12 varieties, I put the Bacon, Egg, and Cheese in a category of its own for breakfast food--that can't be rivaled.
The cheese melts perfectly and oozes all over the crispy, dark bits of bacon and fluffy scrambled eggs; all encased by a delicious slab of homemade bread.  For $6 a piece its hard for me to not devour the entire thing every time I pick one up.
The pepperoni bread is also the best pepperoni bread I've ever had, it just gets boring after awhile.  Lucky for the world, Marchiano's greatness doesn't stop there, the buffalo chicken cheesesteak and philly cheesesteak are really mind-blowing.  How does some little corner-store, Italian bakery make the best stromboli-style bread I've ever had?  I'll just never understand.
Can't wait to have a reason to go to Manayunk again so I can pick...... actually.... this is enough of a reason to go to Manayunk.  See you soon!Hands down one of the best tomatoes pies in Philly! The sauce is just so delicious and the crust is perfect. I don't have much else to say about this place except to check it out! Definitely call ahead when ordering, especially on football weekends can get busy and sell out!I have been coming to Marchiano's since I was a little kid.  At that time, I couldn't understand why my parents loved the Tomato Pie so much.  All I ever wanted was pizza!  The Stromboli (the bread) was solid however.  As I grew older and my tastes developed, I began to truly enjoy the tomato pie even though it lacked my once essential cheese.  No where else that I've found has tomato pie that stacks up to Marchiano's.  Something about that sauce is just too good.  Now that I am in my 20s, I get Marchiano's practically every football Sunday.  Quite possibly better than the tomato pie is the oreganata.  I recommend the mild broccoli and the mild cheesesteak.  Both are simply excellent.  I don't know if this dish even exists outside of Marchiano's.  It's a layered, filled bread with the perfect mix of spices.  A word of warning - the spicy oreganata is practically inedible.  Stick to mild.  The stuffed breads are good, but too cheesy for my liking.  If you love cheese, you can't go wrong.  As far as the staff, service, and prices, they all cannot be beat.  The staff is all family and are super friendly and hard working, and are especially kind to their regulars.  Just writing this review is getting me hungry.  Good thing I have Marchiano's to pick up in under 2 hours :)  Make sure you call ahead as you will have a hard time getting certain items without at least a days advance order.  Also, cash only.Very nice people here. You can smell the place from blocks away and it lures you in. The stuffed bread is really good can't wait to try a tomato pie from thereThis place is great... makes the best stuffed breads.  Come early though, they stop baking and once they run out they close.Still Amazing!
I remember getting their stuffed breads and tomato pie as a little boy and I can tell you that 23 years later they are still amazing. The breads are fresh and warm when you buy them. They are reasonably priced. The tomato pie has just the right amount of sauce and the pie itself is not doughy or soggy like some other tomato pies. Try it yourself and you'll not be disappointed.I love Marchiano's! If you love good stuffed bread, this is the place to go.  You'll know the store by the bright pink and green storefront. My favorite is their pepperoni & cheese...so greasy yet so good. I'd also recommend the veggie ones like the spinach & cheese or the broccoli & cheese. 
This is another little place that has been getting my family's business for many, many years and my late grandpop used to always bring the pepperoni bread when we went visiting.Best hangover food on the planet - their pepper egg and cheese stuffed bread.  The gooey goodness of their spinach and cheese is beyond relish, the ham and cheese with its chopped danish type ham gives me heartburn every time and its worth it.  The only keeps this from five stars is, while I like their tomato pie, its missing a little something for me...though its one of the best around..A true cultural heritage spot and culinary delight of a bakery!   If you have ever wondered who was holding true to the old city Philadelphia family bakery tradition, look no further, this is it.   Everyone who has ever tasted their Tomato Pie and Pepporoni Bread has agreed with salivating smile that they do it the best.   On top of all that, The whole Marciano family are very good people who care about the neighborhood and our beloved city.
Thanks for your gracious hospitality and delicious food.
Bob O'Reillyawesome, breads are great, tomato pie the best. NIcest people you'll ever meet. A must for the holidays, parties or any get together.I have been buying their specialty breads and tomato pie forever. They are a must for all parties thrown. Total crowd-pleasers! It is worth finding a parking spot to run in.Our family has been eating tomato pies from Marchiano's since I can remember.  
They  are one of the best in Philly and their breads are fantastic too.  I recommend the cheesesteak, I would skip the spinach...they can't do everything perfect! 
Order ahead of time and make sure you check their hours.  A half pie is enough for 6 people, the full pie is almost always too much of a good thing.One of a kind...the breads are unique & easily the best around.  I live in North Jersey now and anytime I served the breads at parties it's the same response...where did u get these?  they are unbelievably good...whether its the cheesesteak (my personal favorite), spinach, pepp, chicken cheese, egg, etc.  I always make sure I load up anytime I'm in Philly so I can freeze them and eat them all year round.
The employees and owner are really great too.  They really seem to appreciate your business!Anything these folks put in their bread turns to gold.  Deadly good stuff and they are so friendly. (I came in right before the holiday as they were closing up  - the owner broke out his homemade wine to ring in the holiday).  They are so popular, they were selling out of their most coveted flavors.  Pepperoni & Cheese is my favorite, but they are all a hit.
I am not a fan of tomato pie but their stuffed bread is mega yummy.  Decent prices, too.  Rather than a bottle of wine, these breads are always welcome to bring your host/hostess at a party.  
If you blink, you'll miss it but worth the trip.   Parking can be a bit of a challenge on that street, as well.Stromboli's are the best in the world.  Sausage is head and shoulders, but buffalo chicken, cheesesteaks, and pepperoni are great too, but the tomato pie will never be my cup of tea.Wow, the tomato pie is the best. Also love the pepperoni and cheese bread. Cash only.Delicious! I tried buffalo chicken and cheesesteak and both we're great. Found easy and free street parking right outside.Pepperoni bread that got me out of a fight.  There was silence in the car, then there was me getting out of the car and shutting the door.  Then there was me returning to the car handing over the first pepperoni bread ever tasted by these lips.  Need I say more? This stuff has traveled state lines via airplane.If you havent been here yet, you are honestly doing yourself an injustice.  The pepperoni bread is one of the greatest thing ever baked.  And with a TON of options, you cant possibly go wrong.
ONLY problems are they do not deliver, and everytime I go there, I get at least 2 breads, if I eat 1 bread... I always think I can eat 2, and then I get tired and take a napA Philadelphia treasure like no other...their tomato pie is easily best around but for me it's all about the breads.  Cheesesteak is worth driving 100 miles to get.  Pepporoni & Cheese and their Spinach & Brocolli never disapppoint.  The owners are great too and the appreciate your business.Holy shazaam! This place is perfect. Tiny, I never would have noticed without a former resident of the neighborhood to guide me to it. It seems like the kind of place that the locals know about; I would bet that the Manayunkers right down the hill have no idea this place exists, and that's a good thing.
I'm from Connecticut, and I grew up on Broccoli Bread. While there are still no places around here that make it, these guys make a similar stuffed bread with that garlicky, oily broccoli and some sort of american cheese blend inside. It's great. And the "Oregannata" is a holy miracle. Seriously, this place makes the most savory baked products in Philly. I've heard the bread sells out quickly, and you need to call ahead to order things like tomato pie.One word...delicious!  The tomato pie was amazing and the pepperoni bread is to die for.  The only problem I have, is I can't stop eating it!"It's our first time here."
"Oh really?  You'll be back."
Five stars for the spinach oreganata, which reminds me of my boyfriend's Italian grandmother's spinach pie but with a kick.  Genius.If this bakery were a person, I promise you would smother them in hugs and kisses the first chance you get. It's cash only (hey, what Uncle Sam doesn't know won't hurt them) and parking is terrible, but if you can meander your way through the streets of Manayunk, a well-priced cornucopia of stuffed breads awaits you. They have all kinds of stuffed bread: ham and cheese, cheesesteak, oreganata, bacon egg and cheese. 
But you want to know my favorite? TOMATO PIE TOMATO PIE TOMATO PIE. This stuff will stick to your ribs and leave you coming back for more. It's an acquired taste. So if you're not a fan of thick marinara, try something else.These are not strombolis!
Now that I got that out of the way. This place really breaks the mold and it deserves 20 star ratings instead of just five. It smells amazing in here, all breads are cooked daily on site with only the finest and freshest ingredients. I have yet to have all the delicious items they offer, including the tomato pie but it will all come to my taste buds in time. Not only is it tasty but you get what you pay for (cash only) and it's very filling.
If you're looking for unsurpassed, unchanged quality do yourself a favor and go here. Its literally a piece of history.My boyfriend and I split half a tomato pie ($7.25) for lunch. It was so big it will also be our lunch tomorrow. Absolutely divine. Not too garlicky and the crust is buttery delicious. I never ate tomato pie before I lived in Philly, yet it is so homey. 
Next up to try is Oreganata. They sit unlabeled in the case, which probably means they are meant for locals who have been patronizing the shop for god knows how long.best tomato pie.STUFFED BREADS. Oh my..... These stuffed breads are amazing. Had the bacon egg and cheese.... And then the pepperoni and cheese. Bacon and eggs were gooey and cheesy and savory - perfect cure for a Sunday morning. And the pepperoni and cheese is fantastic. Salty and oozing with delicious cheese. Can't wait to try the cheesesteak with papers and sauce I have tucked away in my freezer.Had their tomato pie and pepperoni and cheese stuffed bread. They were both very good. I really liked the stuffed bread which I was surprised about because I'm not normally a huge fan of pepperoni. Definitely worth stopping in if you're in manayunk.The breads are great don't get me wrong. The tomato pie is just OK. The problem? The daughters!! I am sure the father has worked his entire life building this business and these nasty b***chs are ruining a perfect family business. What a shame. They are not nice people. I will miss the breads and the father, but I'm not spending my money where I am treated so poorly.Good bread, really nice texture and bite to it. They make simple sandwiches that are kinda expensive in my opinion but they are very good so it's not really a complaint.Walking in to Marchiano's Bakery, you'll most likely first notice the wall of pizza boxes to your left. These are all filled with tomato pies. Why is there a wall full of pizza? Well, because it's the best tomato pie in the city, hands down. I guess you can say they literally fly right off the walls... (lame I know). We've been taking the drive over the Main Street bridge for years to come and bring a large pie home. It's so big it won't even fit in our fridge! That's just motivation to chow down so we can make it fit.
Besides the tomato pie, another favorite is the cheesesteak, sauce, and onion bread. These usually don't make it the ride home back to Lower Merion (a 5 minute drive)...
Marchiano's is only a minute drive off of the Belmont exit of the Schuylkill expressway, so where ever you are, it's highly accessible.Seriously..Amazing, Yummy, Doughy, Cheezy goodness.
My favorites are the Cheesesteak bread, pepperoni cheesesteak bread and spinach and cheese bread. Get more then you think you will need/want because once you taste it your going to want more~!
Hint: Order ahead of time!Go to place for Tomato Pie. Order ahead if you can as the pies sell out quick. It can also be very busy especially on weekends.I have been coming here my entire life and, while it has not always been my favorite local tomato pie, it has withstood the test of time and now is the only local one available (I am giving it five stars, so not being my favorite back in '93-'94 doesn't mean it's still not the shit!). For $13.50 you can score a whole pie, which is about 2' x 3.5' (and $7.25 for a half, which is bigger and cheaper than any local pizza pie) and extraordinarily filling while still very economical. 
The good eats don't stop with the tomato pie, because the stuffed breads here are just as much of a draw, if not more. For $5.50-$5.75, you can have a bread stuffed with fillings like bacon and eggs, spinach and cheese, or even the newly added buffalo chicken. This is a seriously good deal for an area where most cheese steaks are closer to $7, because the breads are slightly larger than a standard steak sandwich, and their cheese steak version is only five bucks and four bits. Add in a cup of marinara for a dollar and you've got a great lunch for two. They also have Oreganata here in the sweet, mild, and hot forms, but the best kind comes with peperoni as well. 
This is a great local family run business that is a favorite of many (as evidenced by the jam packed wall of celebrity autograph photos and fast moving lines out the door on weekends). Stop in on a holiday and you'll even find them offering free beers and mixed cocktails to the patrons. Be warned though, on weekends (especially for eagles game day) and big holiday party days the product gets bought up fast, so order in advanced because it's better than settling for spinach or broccoli when your heart was set on pepperoni or steak. 
***CASH ONLY, but they recently installed an ATM so, when you get there, no more trotting down to the corner bar to score the loot for your hangover grub*** 
P.S.- I just found out that most folk outside of Philadelphia don't know what a tomato pie is; Think square pizza sans mozzarella, served cold, and with a generous sprinkling of Parmesan cheese for color contrast. Then think mmmmmmmm, good.Stopped in with my family while we were on a Chew tour.  Delicious tomato pie and pepperoni/cheese bread.I found this place because someone brought an awesome spinach bread to a party.  After many attempts (get lost every time), I got there.  The cheesesteak bread, buffalo chicken bread are to die for.  I bought a pepperoni oreganata when I was there this week and really didn't care for it.  Very, very dry and really spicy, even though I like spicy.  The homemade pizza-like sauce was superb.  To bad I left the room and came back to find my dog had eaten it. Oh, she also snatched and ate the rest of my buffalo chicken bread.  Thumbs up from my dog!OMG this was my favorite spot on the Chew Philly Food Tour. I loved the pizza and the spinach bread. I ordered the tomato and oregano and the pepperoni bread to take home. The tomato/oregano bread was PHENOMENAL.. so delish! The pepperoni bread was really good too, I was told.Good product most definitely but bad customer service. I called to order a tomato pie in advance (keep in mind this is the first I've ever ordered from there). The woman that answered the phone was very short and a bit rude to me. I didn't know what were the times I could pick things up as she just seemed really annoyed with me as if I should know. But the pie is really good. I would definitely go there again!Over ten years ago while working at UPenn I was introduced to this place. We drove here a lot to pick up different food items. A coworker who lived nearby would bring in pepperoni bread for me. My favorites were the pepperoni bread and tomato pie-but everything there was exceptional. Since then I've tried pepperoni bread or items that were essentially the same with a different name at lot of places.I've tried Philly neighborhoods and suburban places in the Counties. They still are the best.
   On Saturday I was at a food tasting event sponsored by SJU. Among the vendors was Marchiano's. I sampled three different stuffed breads. Just as good as I remember.You have to try their tomato pie.  Pick up...no eat in.  Only the freshest ingredients made daily.Best pepperoni bread and tomato pie... cash only so be prepared. Love all the hometown team pride!!This was the first time I had a tomato pie. It was delicious! The portions were generous and the price was very fair. I will definitely be a repeat customer.