$5.50 for a plain slice of pizza. Price was double what it should be so my rating is half of what it should be!This place is ok.  The crust was the best part... Soft yet thin with a light crisp.  The pizza was so so bit nothing special.   The pizza was a little bland and lacked flavor, but had hearty portions. 
If you are an avid salad eater, you may skip their salad.  It's a simple salad of shredded lettuce, tomato slices, thin onion rings, spicy banana peppers, and pickles.  
Prices were really reasonable.  One pizza is enough for 4 people!  
I probably wouldn't go there again, but the atmosphere is nice and it's a quick, low cost, late night dinner!  
EnjoyPizza by the slice is the best simple quick food on this earth. When you are looking for something that will take little time, little money, and tastes good, you have pizza.
After a trip to a museum with my 3 year old rug rat, aka my beautiful daughter, we decided to grab something to eat for dinner. I know a few things about my daughter. She likes pizza and get very impatient when she's hungry. And for me, well I like pizza and quick, and cheap is nice for good measure.
So, we hit up Margheritta, because quick only works if it's convenient. Going out of your way for pizza, makes it not so quick. This is fine if I do not have my 3 year old in tow, but with her I am not dragging around.
Well, this pizza place did the trick. it was quick, cheap and convenient. But on the taste level, well it was okay. Certainly, don't drag across town for it.This place has saved me COUNTLESS times.  Battle your way through the line of incoherent and inebriated souls (including yours truly) to capture the cheesy-goodness and stop that hangover from becoming a reality.
Motivated service, cheap, fast, thin crust and not too greasy.  If there's a long line and at least 3 of us, we just buy whatever whole pizza is coming out of the oven next.  They're cool like that.
Spongebob Awesomeness: 4 cheesy krabby pattiesIf you're in the neighborhood and are hungry, I guess it's o.k.  Not very flavorful, really. They don't even carry any quality beverages.  I would have been much happier grabbing a slice at Rustica or Pizza Brain.We needed a quick bite to eat before a movie and this was a spur of the moment decision which ended up being great .
All we had was a cheese slice each and the chicken wing dings, total came to $12 - fair for old City for sure. The slices were good - good sauce and crust. The wing dings were really good ! I have a favorite spot I always get wing dings from and I was honestly assuming I'd b disappointed but I was so wrong. They're juicy, well seasoned, and super crispy and delicious on the outside. 
Small store with one guy running the shop when we arrived on labor day. He was friendly, quick and great service. 
Recommend it for what it is - simple pizza shop done wellWent here on a weeknight after attempting to go to the waterfront after the Indep. Hall area closed and being greeted by rain.  It was pretty empty and we weren't in a hurry so we decided to skip eating slices that might have been waiting awhile.  Ordered a couple of cheesesteak sandwiches and a burger and they were good size and brought out to us.
Forgot to ask what the banner that looks like a person with three legs was.Came here for some late night eats and was not disappointed. I had the Eggplant Parmesan pizza, and it was out of this world. Pepperoni was delicious, too. Stop by for a quick slice!First time.. we will be back!  Pizza by the slice!  Crispy crust!  Bacon was fantasticGood place to stop and grab a quick bite before or after a drinking night. The options are limited. The guy just heats them in front of you... meaning they are not freshly made or anything. The base is crunchy-crispy. I liked the fact that my mushroom pizza slice did not have too much tomato sauce as the base. That is how I like it to be. There are a few seating but not the kind of place where you would wanna spend hours eating a leisurely meal. Eat, enjoy and get out to go bar hopping around.Late night? I say grab a slice! You wont get judged by the other late nighters! The pepperoni pizza is an excellent choice. The broccoli pie was too dried out, probably tastes better fresh out of the oven!$6 for a large plate of chicken strips and fries? What more could I ask for! Didn't have the pizza but it looked good too.After a night of revelry in Old City, Margherita Pizza tends to be my last stop.   In that state of mind, the pizza is amazingly good.  But at that point, are you really looking for amazing pizza?
Even with a clear head, the pizza is pretty good.  Not the best in the world, but definitely tasty, especially for the cost.
Cash only.Very nice place to grab a bite to eat. If you're dining in they actually bring your food to you which adds a nice touch of class to the dining experience. I do however think $9 for two slices of pizza and a soda is a bit much it's still a decent place to stop by and visit while on lunch.Thin crust pizza.  It's bomb.  Cheesesteak is also great. Best in the city for pizza.Grill was turned off at 8:30 on a Friday night. No cheesesteaks in a touristy neighborhood? On a busy night on the weekend? So sad. Won't be going here again.Not my favorite pizza joint, but they have a larger eating area in the back. I only go here when I'm too lazy to walk to Soho. I would rate this behind Soho, Pete's, and Gianfranco's.We just moved to this area and naturally are trying to find our go-to pizza joint. We've tried a few and so far, this Margherita pizza is really delicious! The crust
Is delicious (if you like pizza crust), the cheese on top is great, just have to try a plain slice to see if the sauce is acceptable. We've tried the veggie pizza which was dynamite and also the spinach ricotta tomato pizza which was PERFECTION! Can't wait to try more pies here!Who in their right mind charges $3 for pizza ?? like seriously I couldn't believe it when they told me the price! do not eat here smhWhen the bar next door (Khyber Pass) shut its doors for the evening, my friends and I were rendered defenseless to the aroma of tomato, cheese and sausage that blew our way as we stepped out onto the chilly cobblestone streets. 
Margherita's pizza slices are surprisingly good. The crust is thin, the edges are a tad chewy (yes please!) and the ingredients are fresh. A perfect ending to a late-night out in Philly!Pretty good pizza right near the Ritz theater.  Good place to stop for a quick slice before a movie.  The dining area is always pretty clean, and the bathroom is really clean for an Old City pizza joint.
The slices are good, with thin crispy crust.Just a random small pizza place I bumped into. I loved it so much that I went there twice after.
They do not have an extensive menu, but what they offer is pretty good. It's a pretty tiny place and you would most likely miss it.
I definitely recommend it at least once!There's no way I'd have given them four stars if I chose to eat here the night before I actually did. All the pizzas looked like they'd been sitting around for hours and didn't look at all appetizing. Luckily I decided to stop back during lunch when the pies were fresh and delicious. Tip; don't stop by during slow times.best cheese steak for a pizza shop! even better then sonny's around the corner. Customer service is great and hearing them speak italian make me want to dine in every time!Superb! 
So happy the police officer we saw told us about this place! Thank you sir!!!Coming from northern NJ, I like to think I have a pretty good idea of what qualifies as "good" pizza. I have to admit that I was pleasantly surprised with their slices. While there's nothing fancy or different about this place to make it stand out, it does a basic pizza extremely well. If you're just looking for a quick slice, you're at the right place.Margherita's is a great little pizza place located in between the bars and night life of Old City.  This (not SOHO) is where to go for your after-hours  pizza cravings.  There is one negative which I feel should be mentioned about Marghrita's, and that is that you never know what to expect.  My first time I went to Margherita's at 2 AM the only choice they had was cheese pizza.  The second time I went, the only choice they didn't have was....cheese!  I swear they had 10 pizzas made, each with odd and not so odd toppings, but no plain available.  Who eats broccoli and red pepper pizza at 2 AM?
This is where I go to feed my late night  cravings and suggest you do as well.Ask for a receipt at all times! I was charged $7.00 dollars for one slice of pizza and charged twice!!! for a grand total of $14 dollars! Thieves!I really enjoyed the guys behind the counter jacking up the prices after quoting me a lower price at the counter.  Pizza was mediocre at best. Maybe I'll resort to dominos next time?I can hardly believe I was cognizant enough to check-in to this location... from what I hazily remember the buffalo wing pizza was awesome.Great place for a slice after a night of drinking. Their toppings never taste under cooked like some other slice heavy pizzerias.  If your on 2nd St. bar hoping I suggest you  stop in for a slice.My new favorite place! A family owned restaurant where they take great care of customers. They are very clean and friendly. The food is fresh and delicious and the prices are very reasonable.New location for the pizza owners (Cao)?. Smaller area but still good pizza in the old city of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania!.!. Once the pizza place get Settle, owners will be content!.!.I work near here and grab lunch all the time. Seriously they are my favorite quick and easy lunch place in the area. Cheese steaks are awesome, great food in general I have never had anything less than good. The people working are always pleasant and they genuinely care about their business. It's really cute inside and clean.We were happy with it, big slices of pizza, good cheese steak, right price, quick, air conditioning.The pizza is pretty good, but 4.50 for one slice is NOT okay in my book. at least when it's a late night pizza joint, not a gourmet pizza establishment.I enjoyed the slices that I tried here.  Granted, I live in a place without good pizza. Perhaps I'm not the best judge.Wanted a quick bite before leaving Philadelphia and sitting still on a bus for four hours, so I came here for a slice. The prices were reasonable, as was the pizza, but it wasn't anything to write home about. 
This is good if you're looking for a small meal or maybe if you are coming through with smaller children who aren't a fan of cheesesteaks.Pizza isn't awful but tasteless. Cheap, $2.75 for a cheese slice. They don't use gloves, which is unnerving, since they touch your slice going into and coming out of oven. I saw one staff member smoking outside and am unsure if he washed hands before going back to work.Decent steaks. pizza is tasteless just like cardboard. Ownership is a bit uppity and not friendly at all. Constant change in cooks. She must overwork and under pay them all.  I would be curious if they are all paid in cash. Better choices in the area- Gianfranco Pizza Rustica on the other side of Market.After a local soccer game, the hubs and I were super hungry. We were looking for places open late night and had settled on a pub nearby our hotel.
When we saw this place, we decided to grab a slice (or 2) of pizza instead.
The pizza itself was delicious! I had the broccoli/tomato/ricotta and my husband had pepperoni. The staff was very nice and chatty.
They only get 4 stars because of cleanliness. The back table that we sat at (the only one open) wasn't clean, and the floor was so sticky my shoes stuck to it.Very good good for a quick lunch. The woman behind the counter were nice and endearing. Food was very good a lot of flavor. Only cons were hot inside and water was warm.Just okay slices. Ask for it well-done since the slices tend to be a little 'wet' for a better word. It's an okay price and there is a large selection of toppings but it's just okay.$4.50 for a slice of pizza, someone contact the better business bureau for pizza cause this joint straight up scamming ppl...
I know it's not just me cause I saw a bunch of other reviews that relay the same story...which is they are upcharging per slices. If a whole pie of pepperoni is abt $17 per pie and assuming 8 slices, divided that and it comes to about $2.13 a slice, you're literally doubling that to get to $4.50 a slice. Keep in mind, I did take the plunge on this and it is my fault for going through with the transaction since it was the only place open with food so late in the night and Pete's down the road was closed. However, if you can, take your money somewhere else cause this is ridiculous. 
After all that said, if you don't mind spending an outrageous amount for pizza, it is VERY good and taste amazing, the crust is thin and crispy, something I expect out of those gourmet pizza, so if you were in my situation and hungry and nowhere's open, then you have to go here.
OTHERWISE, run like the plague!I grabbed lunch here the other day and liked it. My coworker had two slices of pizza which he raved about. I had a turkey chopped salad with dressing on the side and an order of french fries. Both were excellent. 
It's not cozy. But the food is good so it works. Good pizza definitely does not equal good ambience. But hey, everyone in the place was speaking italian. Which was of course, Bienisimo!Good pizza, burgers, steaks, hoagies.  The staff is super friendly and helpful. We eat here regularly.  They have 4 daily specials that you just cant beat.  Where else in Olde City can you get a cheese burger, fries and fountain drink for $7?  I can't even that I'm the burbs for that price. So far never had a bad meal or slice.Very poor quality crust. Didn't notice the sauce. Too much cheese.
Just a bad, bad, slice.
It is fifty cents cheaper than Pete's. Ordinarily that would give it the edge but it seemed to have closed by 9:30 last night.
Is pizza in Philadelphia really this bad? Maybe I've just been going to the drunk people pizza places. If that is the case, this places closes awfully early for drunk people pizza.I used to work in a nearby Chestnut St. office and I tried every pizza place around to find the best lunch option. Margherita Pizzeria ended up being the clear choice, thanks to a number of factors.
For one, the cheese always seemed just a little more flavorful and fresh. It oozed off the slices and melted in your mouth, which is rare in Philly by-the-slice pizza joints. The sauce also felt just a bit more like real tomato pasta sauce, and had that almost grainy old world texture most of the time. The crust was pretty standard, but not bad in any way, and unlike other pizza places around it they seemed to have fresh offerings during lunch and dinner times every time I went.
Atmosphere is nicer than other local pizza places, if you plan to sit. The employees when I went were mostly real Italian immigrants and the place is designed with a Tuscan feel. You can quickly add some Parmesan and peppercorn to your slice if you like, using shakers provided on the counter.
It's not some amazing gourmet pizza, and being a southerner I tend to dislike most Philly pizza for being too thin in general, but if you're on Chestnut St. looking for a good slice of pizza I think Margherita Pizzeria fits the bill more than the others found in the same area.I blame this cheesesteak on covid-19, city of Philadelphia and they do a pizza in their name.  2nd Street was closed between Market and Chestnut for under street stuff repairs.  They had one family member trying to hold down the fort. The pizza looked good and they had a steady stream of pizza customers.  Under the circumstances the cheesesteak was good.I popped in here on a whim..wow! Had a margherita pizza that blew my mind. I couldn't scarf it down fast enough. Ahhh - mazing. The sauce was like eating spaghetti.. chunks of tomatoes and herbs.
I'll definitely be hitting this place for pizza again.Was walking Penns landing and walked over to this place.  Very decent chicken cheese.  Flavor was good.  But not a lot of chicken. The pizza was really good.  Portioned with the cheese and sauce as well as the toppings.Great pizza. Cheese good, pepperoni good. Chicken fingers also good. The service was the best, very nice people. I would recommend. You can't go wrong!!This place is gross. COVID19 means nothing to these people. I was asked to step out and wait while my food was being prepared only to come back and see someone making my pizza with no mask or gloves. Don't eat here. Not to mention the costumer service is terrible.My guy and I were on our way home and he wanted a slice of pizza.. Stopped here,  grabbed a piping hot slice to go. The slice was just okay.  Thin crust, nor enough sauce.. Barely any sauce actually. Just lacked any real flavor.  It wasn't terrible but I probably would only stop here after a few drinks and needed a quick fix.Very clean establishment. Many variations of specialty pizzas. 
I just bought a slice of plain pizza. It was good. $2.75. Slices are quite small. 
Service is not really all that friendly but adequate considering the location. Customer service is not their passion regardless. 
I will try this place again because I like the tasty pizza and cleanliness.We ate there at 9pm on a Friday night. As other reviewers said, the variety of pizzas depends on the time of the day. There were about 4-5 variety, but only one was fresh from the oven, so that's what I had ( pepperoni pizzas). My husband had an all dressed slice that was heated up in the oven and was good. Thin crisp crusts, good melting cheese, can't complain. It was perfect for a pizza joint.This place is the real deal. Just good old-fashioned Philly pizza that's fresh, tastes great, and is not greasy. I knew I made the right choice as soon as I heard the owners speaking Sicilian to each other!I went there shortly after they  opened and ordered a plain slice to go. There was a fresh pizza on the counter. Instead he reached under the counter and threw a slice in the oven. When I got home and opened the bag the crust was as hard as a rock and the cheese was dried out. He clearly gave me a day old slice. Such a jerk move.This is my go-to place to get pizza in Olde City when I'm overly intoxicated- (courtesy of lucy's, drinkers, khyber and the croc).
The slices here are huuuuuuge and pretty damn good- and I'm not just saying that because I usually happen to be plastered when I get here, I've stopped in with a clear mind once or twice!
I think the slices range from 2.50 to 3.50 or somewhere around that ball park. I think it's pretty fantastic for what it's worth. 
Definitely stop in here if you've been partying all night and find yourself craving cheese, sauce and bread.Overall is not a bad option. Mostly has pizzas of various types (I know they have a cheesesteak pizza). Most recently had two slices of plain and a coke. Crust is quite good, bit heavy on the cheese though and a bit light on the sauce for my liking...But I have been going here for years and I'd come back.So my review for this place is only applicable if it's after 1 am, and you've had a lot to drink.  Otherwise, ignore. I've never been here before 12:30/1 in the morning, and I've had a significant amount to drink.  The pizza is good. Not great, but good. It's REALLY good at 12:30 b/c you have had a lot to drink / are tired / are starving. 
Nothing special, nothing really worth travelling for.Pizza is good. Came in late at night and they definitely upcharged us. $9.50 for two slices of pizza and a bottle of water? Come on, it's not like the water was even a brand name or anything. We didn't make a big deal about it because there was not much we can say at the time. But the guy at the counter hesitated when he told us the price. Poor business practices. Wouldn't recommend because of that.Rereview from June 2021: Had one slice of sausage pizza (quite good) and one slice of cheese pizza (pretty good). Was heated up more than last time and tasted fresher and overall the food was nice. Price is very good too. Still prefer Gianfranco's about two blocks away, which I think is a bit more money, but would very happily come back to Margherita.It was fine. Would I go back? Probably not. So much more to explore in this place. Pizza was ok - husband and I got 3 slices - buffalo chicken was the best. The guy was a real dick. It was like soup nazi except pizza nazi. About $16 for 3 slices and two sodas. Meh. Check out the Asian buffet/store next door in my opinion.Food is simply horrible! I purchased a chicken finger platter and request cheese on the side and the cheese taste like it had sour milk mixed in. And my chicken fingers weren't cooked properly. Disgusting. I had a bad experience with the same meal twice. I should have learned my lesson the first time. Two thumbs downThis is a decent late night pizzeria in Old City that I've been to a couple times.
I've only ever had their pizza, but I believe they have other items on the menu. Their pizza is inexpensive and amazingly average for what you pay, especially when you hold a slice of Margherita's against the likes of Pete's Pizza Joint or SOHO.
Since they're open late and conveniently nearby many venues (e.g. Glam, Mint), it's usually crowded. Once you fight your way through the line, place your order - you'll get your slice of pizza quick enough! If you decide to stay, there's ample seating in their rear Italian-themed dining room (I use the term loosely, but it IS clean and spacious), where you can feast among other exhausted party goers.Just got some takeout tried a slice while I was waiting for a steak sandwich and fries. Pizza was tasty and fresh nice thin crust with a bit of chew no soggy here!  I like the way they do the steak sandwich I got a pizza steak Ross popped in the oven to melt cheese on top and toast roll AWESOME! Please go and support our F&B in these crazy times you won't regret so enjoy!PLEASE READ: DONT GO HERE THEY WILL STEAL YOUR MONEY. 
I came here last Saturday night to order some pizzas for my friends. It was very late and everyone was drunk around me, and they thought I wouldn't notice so THEY (!) WROTE A $40 TIP and CHARGED ME $42 for 9 individual slices!!! So in total it was $82 DOLLARS!! They tried to get me to sign it but I noticed quickly that they were ripping me off and I confronted them. I got to see the receipt up close as I talked to them and the man tried to convince me that his wife wrote $4 instead but it was obvious that there were 3 zeros after the 4. He then let me cross it out and wouldn't let me take a picture or anything because of the fact that it was "their copy" and didn't even apologize or anything (WTF). I have multiple witnesses that saw the check and confirm the fraud. DO NOT GIVE THEM BUSINESS, THEY ARE STEALING INNOCENT PEOPLES MONEY AND COMMITING CRIMES.Don't eat here. 
The guy behind the counter allowed his wife to change their baby's diaper right next to the counter. He then picked it up. The dirty diaper. Then, instead of washing his hands he opens the cooler (where we all get our sodas and waters that we purchase from) and gets a water bottle. He goes back behind the counter to drink his water and wait for customers. I finally had to ask "are you going to wash your hands!?" He said "yeah yeah I was just drinking this water first." No. You wash your hands FIRST. 
Pizza was good.
Might die of cholera.Pretty crappy pizza. The workers were nice and the service was prompt. The seating area was clean. But again, the pizza was not good. Slice of plain and slice of pepperoni were my test subjects. Meh, can get better elsewhere.
Won't be back.