This is the only place I buy hoagies from in Northeast Philly. I used to live a few blocks from this deli but moved towards Northeast Airport (just off of Grant Avenue) and I still drive to Mayfair Deli to pickup my delicious hoagie. I have to finish it in two sittings because the hoagie is so BIG and priced so cheap... very good and fresh hoagies at this place!!This is my favorite hoagie in Philadelphia. 
Sandwiches are a thing that require a delicate balance. This deli provides the perfect amount of meat in ratio to the bread. Your not overpowered by an obscene amount of meat or an over abundance of bread. 
The bread is great, the meats are delicious, your in and out of there in a matter of minutes. 
I recommend their Italian hoagie with oil, a bag of salt and vinegar chips, and a peach iced tea for a perfect lunch.Great size for your money- i was able to get 3 servings out of a small! The meat is sliced thin (like I like it) & always tastes fresh. I wish they offered who lettuce pieces as I'm not a shredded lettuce fan but feels lettuce is an important component to a hoagie so whatev...Favorite hoagie spot. Great rolls.  Lunch meat sliced for each order. Great service. Delicious hoagies.OMG!!! My belly was in for a treat today! Always loved their hoagies! They NEVER disappoint!!! Always fresh! Workers are always pleasant! Food is always good!!!Excellent sandwiches with a ton of meat......plus they use D&W........this is your typical corner sandwich shop......they do not serve hot sandwiches. .....but the hoagies are worth it......they are a good group of people.....   they are very supportive in the community.....great jobBigger does not necessarily mean better. Got the Nucci Italian which was tasty and HUGE. Not the best quality meats however. Sorry, but I still believe Jacks Place makes the best hoagies in the N.E. Better quality Italian lunch meat, superior bread. This place pales in comparison. Turkey, roast beef, pork, chic cutlets are all home made @ Jack's Place which is why I prefer it. Torn between 2&3 stars, but gave them the benefit of the doubt.Greennman's, Marinucci's, Fanshawe - the holy trinity of Mayfair delis. Marinucci's hoagies are delicious and made fresh. Big supporters of the neighborhood and local schools too.
 If your kids are having a game at Perzel Park, stop by and grab a hoagie.THIS is a hoagie shop!  My first time there was going to visit an old friend from when I lived in PA.  Somewhere around 20-30 yards away from the door I looked at my friend and said, "This is a hoagie shop," just because of the smell.  You could smell the goodness from outside.  They have the right rolls, the right meats and the right additions.  A hoagie made right.  When I come from Virginia, this is were I go.  Enjoy!!!!Ordered 3 hoagies This past friday.  A Brous a turkey and swiss and an Italian.  The brous was awesome.  The turkey and Italian were a little light on the meat.  Not what I'm used to.  You could really see the difference between those two and the brous.  Not sure why?  No complaints on the flavor.  all three were awesome.  Fresh meats and vegtables and roll.
Don't change a thing flavor wise just pack the regulars a little more like I'm used to.Finally tried this place been wanting to for years definitely a hidden gem The sandwiches are huge and the people are nice AAA+++   1/29/17 had stoped in today for another treat and I have to give them another five stars for cleanly Ness personality of the staff and the quality of the productsHey Primo's, I'm really happy for you and Ima let you finish. But Marinucci's has one of the best hoagies of all time!HUGE, delicious and fresh hoagies. Not to mention they are extremely reasonably priced. A half will feed 2 people!!Had the best honey turkey and provolone hoagie from here! I'm a native New Yorker and know my sandwiches. Great bread, not cheap with the meat and really enough to share for 2! I'll be back today!! That's half only!I began working near the area just over 1.5 yrs. ago and still remember the first time I had a real, authentic hoagie( one that made you say"Wow!").  I had a coworker who told me their sandwiches were really good when I was lamenting about how I was unable to find a decent hoagie.  Well, I immediately went into this little corner store with low expectations...the first thing as you cross over the threshold is the enticing smell of fresh bread, sliced onion and meat.  It took a moment to remember that I was not back in 1978, when good old fashioned delis were plentiful.  Well I placed my order...playing it safe, an Italian Hoagie...oh Joy, not only was it so loaded with fresh tasty meat & flavorful provolone that it had to weigh over 2 lbs, but the bread was so delicious...the lettuce, tomatoe & onion finely cut...just the right amount of mayo.  My Coworker was right!  This became a weekly trek to Hoagie Mecca.  My family started placing order requests, every time there was a function at work we were foaming at the mouth for Marinucci's...Roast Beef, Corn Beef, Turkey, Tuna(all of them are the Belle of the Ball)-you cannot possibly go wrong.  I don't usually take the time to write reviews but this is definitely the place to visit if you yearn for a good sandwich/hoagie.  I believe that they have shown that the Art of Great Sandwich Making Is Yet Alive. I would've given 5 stars even if the service took longer. Tip:  Call ahead at least 20-30 minutes. My Name is Stephanie, maybe I'll see you there.  Trust me, it is well worth the trip!Absolutely the best deli in Mayfair. The "Brous Ave" is to die for.  Note: If using credit, orders must be $10 or over.i love the fact that they have the best and biggest hoagies around,  i have never been dissappointed in anything i got from here. its the only place worth going in my opinion if your in the northeastBest Hoagie in Northeast Philly Better Than Promos and Cost Less!!!  Great Bang for your Buck!! Fresh Rolls & Lunch Meat!!!!I always got tea sandwich trays in a decent quantity- my daughter in laws baby 
shower- I called to order last Saturday - they told me to wait a week / I called today- they're too busy to take my order- I am so so dissappointed in the service- I have to decide if it's worth it a week before the shower- got blown off twice- can't believe how much they've changedThis is a very popular store and you needn't wonder why.  The sandwiches are always freshly made and jam-packed with delicious ingredients.  It's my husband's favorite hoagie place and quickly became mine.  
When there's additional time on our schedule to make the trip from Bustleton, it's our go-to place for hoagies.best hoagies on the planet but rude employees. You will stand there forever and be ignored by everyone if you dont speak up.  Ladies are too busy watching soap operas.  Food is fresh though and thats why people still go thereI've been eyeballing this place for quite some time now but never got to come due to time conflicts. Finally, today was the day. Some guy walked out when I was walking in and the scent of his hoagie blew me away. Now my mouth was really watering for some hoagie. 
I played safe and got Turkey. They give you two options, half (12") or whole (24"). Reading from all the reviews, apparently half is plentiful so that's what I went for and boy, all the reviewers were right. I couldn't even finish half of my half! As soon as you open the wrapped delight, it's gigantic and fat. It's obvious as soon as you bite into the hoagie that everything inside is fresh. It is sooo delicious!! Please stop by whether you are or are not from the area; you won't be disappointed.We ordered 5 hoagies on a Sunday at 10:30 am by phone. We were told 25 minutes.  We arrived 30 minutes later and told not ready. 10 more minutes and they start to ring up 1 hoagie. We tell them we had 5 & should've been ready 15 minutes ago. They discover they had wrong order and ours was sitting waiting the entire time! We dont get rung up til 11:25. They apologized at counter and offered a discount. The hoagies were very good and large. A decent amount of meat for the price. I would like to try it again but not sure we will. The long wait and confusion may not be worth the drive!I would usually give the neighborhood "Nooch" a 3 star rating but one employee named Sean there makes the Deli experience top notch! He's always on his A game and masters the Italian Hoagie and is the most friendly worker in the Hoagie gameFreshly made to order stuffed hoagie.  I recommend the lean and lite.
It's lite turkey with cheese and all hoagies are made to order.  How they do it so fast is mind.
The crew is pleasant.  I drive down from Bucks County any chance I get for the best hoagies everLet me start off by saying was the worst hoagie I ever had....I had a ham and cheese the cheese was so thick I need it and I scraper to get through it.....The lettuce was wilted no good....they put way too much oregano on my hoagie I could smoke it....I don't know why I gave it one star but I take my star back I give youthree thumbs down for this hoagie...and it's funny when I went in to get the hoagie there was like four kids or something talking about chicks in skirts very unprofessional for a business.....I just wanted to try it for the first time I heard things about it wanted to find out for myself it was a waste of money thank youWow what a delicious hoagie!  I got the Italian.  I believe they use Amoroso rolls so the bread is slightly crusty, soft and chewy which is my preference.  My jaws hurt a bit towards the end lol.  Good bread, quality ingredients, and the added pepperoni was a nice touch.  I got a half size which is more than enough.  It can probably feed 2 people, although I ate it all myself since i'm such a pig.  I give this place and Carmen's in south jersey the title for best hoagies in the world!Wow!  Just found this place a few weeks ago and I am glad that I did.  Tried the Hot Fried Chicken hoagie and it was amazing.  The meat was delicious and the rolls were fresh.  This is a wonderful business with a great product at reasonable prices for what you get.Packed with meat..love their Italians and Turkey hoagies..call ahead and order because its very busy. Staff is friendly. My favorite hoagie place in Northeast Philly.Best hoagies in Northeast Philly...worth the trip from Bustelton !The best place on Philly for HOAGIES
THE MEATS ARE SO FRESH AND SO IS the rolls.
Been gone there for over 10 years.The only place for HOAGIES.Very friendly and delicious hoagies and sandwiches. Neighborhood family business in the NE Philly. Get their specialty sandwiches and split with a friend.Finally tried this place been wanting to for years definitely a hidden gem The sandwiches are huge and the people are nice AAA+++Heard about this place through a coworker. I have to say it was pretty good. Order two turkey hoagies. Workers there were nice. I would return if in area. I really enjoyed the hoagies.I have had many a hoagie In my day, and maybe with the exception of a few places in South Philly, Marinucci's has some of the best hoagies in the city. Not only are their hoagies great, the other sandwich's they offer are "belly busters" they don't skimp on the meat that's for sure. It's always a must stop when I'm in Mayfair!!This is best hoagie shop in Mayfair and probably all of NE Philly. Their hoagies are totally packed with delicious meats and are enormous. I typically get their Italian Hoagie and put peppers on them. I don't live around here, I always make a point to stop by if I am in the neighborhood. If you never been and you are close by go there for and get a hoagie for a picnic in the park or you are tailgating before a game or concert like do!Wow!  I had an Italian hoagie for the first time from this deli and it was outstanding!  I don't remember ever having such a good sandwich as this one.  Everything was perfect about it.  So glad that I stopped by and ordered one.  Outstanding!THE best hoagie. We frequented here often when lived locally. Now that we've moved I have my husband pick up on his way home from work. Nothing like it around! The hoagies are jam packed with freshly sliced meats to order. The biggest fattest hoagie you've ever had. You will not be disappointed. I highly recommend calling ahead because they are always busy.Very good hoagies. I'm a big guy and I can't eat one of these in one sitting. My fav is the buffalo chicken. Best to call ahead to avoid the wait.Stopped her today for lunch because I was in the area. I haven't been here in quite a while. The place is still the same though. I always go with the Italian, I love they use full slices of pepperoni. I'm not a huge fan of their rolls, they are always flakey and the meat slides off. It is a messy hoagie but that's not always a bad thing. They do not put pickles or peppers on the sand which but they charge you .25 cents for sides. Overall it's a decent sandwich packed full of meat and fresh sliced. They had a place in wildwood a few years back but that has been close for some time. I also heard the place just recently sold, let's hope it stays the same. 3 starsOK so my husband is constantly talking this place up! He is always talking about how huge the hoagies are and how no one can finish a half because of their gigantic stature. So I finally gave in and went there one day for lunch. I was ordering for myself, my commander and 1SG so i figured OK I'll get a whole and a half. No big deal! Yea I was sadly mistaken. I went into my commanders office with the half and she just looked at me like I was crazy and told me to take half and then I informed her that is a half I have the other on my desk in the office! This is all after I drove to Marinucci's and picked up the food and almost re-injured my still healing shoulder because I seriously was not expecting these hoagies to weigh as much as they did. The bread is great and the cold cuts are just as good. They have truly perfected the art of hoagie making in the area. I don't think any of us in my office that day finished off the food and I can only speak for myself but I was so full I didn't even care for dinner that night. If the opportunity arises again to go and pick up lunch I will definitely return to Marinucci's their Italian was just that good and I'll be sure to just get a half and hand off half of my half to someone else. Lesson learned but it was a delicious lesson to say the least!Love the food and the staff. The only thing that keeps me from going more often is a need to lose weightI love this place!
Giant hoagies, probably the best in the Northeast now that several other fav hoagie joints have since closed down.
Go grab a hoagie and a drink and eat in you car in the Kmart parking lot.
Avoid the Wawa and get better food at the same time!This place is a must try! Specifically The Nucci....Hands down one of the best hoagies you can get in Northeast Philadelphia. Their prices on buying regular deli is good too. I do suggest that you get there early to order your lunch. It gets packed in there. But if you are forced to wait it won't be long and it will be well worth it. I promise you this.Their prices and quality are good, but I always get the "runs" after eating their food. May be a cleanliness issue with the slicer or work station area.Very good Deli, if you are in the mood for a sandwich/hoagie this is the spot!  They do it right here, good meat to bread ratio.  The lunch meat if fresh, the bread is great.  I have ordered from here a few times and never been disappointed.Great hoagies are great because of the bread...period! Of course fresh ingredients is part of that..but seriously if the bread ain't right its a wrap! Marinuccis does it right..great bread fresh lunchmeat..and the rest of the fixings that make a good hoagie. I travel for good food and when I want a Good hoagie I'll take that trip up the bully and  savor my hoagie of choice for the next two days..be it turkey..corn beef..buffalo chicken..Hmmm its been awhile I may have to grab one tomorrow!Wow...these hoagies must weigh about 5 lbs each!  Great rolls, fresh ingredients, accommodating staff.  
From what I hear, you can't get near this tiny deli on a Sunday during football season...better order early!If you're looking for a good hoagie go to Wawa's. But if you're looking for a great, filling hoagie you have to go to Marinucci's. The half is packed with meat, that one will feed at least two people. The whole is huge.
The staff is overly helpful. Their deli meats are are very fresh as are their side salads. 
It's a small store with the attitude of a gourmet shop, I go for all my cold cuts and and a weekly treat of a hoagie.
Give them a try, I'm positive you won't be disappointed.Great hoagies, always loaded with meats and cheeses. We'll always stop by when we're in the area.Best sandwich I've had in awhile!! Stopped in to get lunch and hoagie for my flight this evening back to San Diego. I wished I could bring a bunch back to my nieces and their family....they would love it. Thanks for the yummy intro to Philly goodness!!! California KateThe BEST hoagies in PHILLY...HANDS DOWN..Fresh very tasteful and fulfilling...Make sure to order ahead so that u wont be in the long lines...if not trust me the lines are worth the wait!!...ENJOY!I always here how great it is but they are never open. I have tried to go at 2pm then again at 10 am then again5 pm. Never open so stopped going.Yep, this is the number one deli in the northeast.  Friendly service, call an order in, then pick it up or order at the counter.  Excellent, reasonable prices...Let's face it, this place can't be beat.Had an opportunity to revisit this neighbor gem today, was craving a good hoagie. Walked in and was immediately greeted with a warm welcome. Something seemed different. After placing my order I was chatting with one of the employees and found out that he's was the new owner. He was very appreciative that I had stopped in. As I was waiting for my order, I noticed how he treated all the customers who came in, he wanted to make sure that the customers were being taken care of. Nice too see! BTW the hoagies were awesome as always...seems like very bright future...wish them the best of luck!Good quick service. Hoagies are HUGE and are worth the money that you pay for them. The only reason I docked Marinuccis 1 star was because they don't put pickles or hot peppers on the sandwiches because they "make the hoagie soggy". But then they charge you for them on the side. It's not over priced but I'd rather have my hoagie LOADED. Great job Marinuccis. I'll be backGot Two Hoagies,One for my Wife,and one for me,Both ham and cheese.
Ordered ham and cheese hoagie's with mayo and everything on it, 
Ended up with shredded lettuce and shredded onions at best,was told they don't put pickles and hots on,you get them at the counter?
Lot of meat,and I liked the roll,but it was more like eating a ham and cheese sandwich on a roll with mayo ,definitely not a hoagie.I have been in Mayfair for years and have been going here for just as long.  I am beyond disappointed with the owner. I am helping with a benefit for a local boy who passed away on Mother's Day 2015. 
I personally called the deli to ask if they could donate something for the benefit that will have all local mayfair people. The young man I talked to was so nice and said drop a letter off. The mother whos son passed dropped the letter off.  The woman who owns Marinuccis was there... I am still angry at how one mother could treat another mother who recently lost her son. She started screaming that shes sick of donation requests and made my friend feel hurt and embarrassed in front of everyone in the store. The owner's son said "dont you want to read the letter?," she said "no I dont care to read it" and gave her a certificate for a free hoagie after hurting my friend. My friend is so kind and giving and the benefit is going to help another teen in need of treatment for addiction, so another parent dont have to feel the heartbreak she is dealing with. The woman who owns this deli should realize who she may be yelling at; it could just be a selfless mom who lost her son. My friend will be giving all money raised to start a scholarship in her son's memory.
Marinucci's, she  will be giving your free sandwich to a homeless person that is in need of a meal, and you will be losing alot of business in Mayfair. As a mother you have no compassion for another mother lossing her son.There is a saying, think before you speak, you never know what that person is dealing with. I understand you probably get alot of donation requests as do all other businesses. 
I wish to thank all other local Mayfair businesses for all their compassion and generosity with this cause. We all have or know someone with an addiction, and this benefit on Jan 8 will help one family help their loved one get the treatment they deserve. Know that if you need a helping hand, Marinuccis is NOT the place to go. Thanks again for other local Mayfair businesses who helped make our mission a success.The best hoagies ever !! Service here is amazing. Everyone is so sweet. It's more of a family owned hoagie place there is a huge selection of chips and a large variety of hoagies. It's super in expensive. I always get a ham and provolone cheese with lettuce and mayo on a hoagie it's only $8.50 and it can feed two people. The meat is stacked super high ! A bang for your buck !Was in charge of providing hoagies for the Super Bowl Party...was going to drive down to White House Subs.. but decided to research the NE Philly locations... looking at the reviews and photos, I decided to try Marinucci's... and I was NOT disappointed...bought 2-24" and 1-12"... Italian, Turkey and American...the hoagies were a huge hit... size, taste, fullness of meats, not one negative... they were great! Staff at Marinucci's were nice & polite... 
prices were more than fair, for the amount of sandwich you received... highly recommend them if you're hungry for a great tasting hoagie... I will certainly be back...I want to give this place 5 stars, but I can't for two main reasons:
1.   Their default hoagie roll is trash.   Shouldn't even be considered for one.  Sops up any and all mayo and dried the sandwich out.    Way too chewy at times (pause) and isn't good at all.  The seeded roll is great, but a $1.00 more to get decent bread for a $8-$10 hoagie?   Greed at this point. 
2.   Speaking of more greed, is the point of charging for peppers (sweet & hot!) just for more money or to discourage adding pickles and pickles to the sandwich, I dunno, but it's odd for once again, a $8-$10 hoagie.
With all of this being said, I still go there because their hoagies are really good, but do yourself a favor and go on off days and call ahead, trust me.I first learned about this place during my senior year of high school in 2001, and ever since then it's been my very favorite hoagie spot. Fresh meats, soft rolls, and hoagies big enough for a few squads if not an entire army. Give it a look if you're in the area!I've been coming here since they opened in our neighborhood. They get busy at lunchtime so make sure you either call ahead or have some time to wait. The smell of the place is incredible exactly how an old school deli/hoagie shop should smell. The sandwiches are amazing and the service is quick. I can`t really think of anything else to say other than this place is great and you need to go and get a sandwich ASAP.I just got 2 hoagies and a couple pounds of lunch meat here. The hoagies were phenomenal! Lots of meat perfectly put together. The lunch meat was all prepared perfectly, according to my specifications. Everything was cut perfectly. Great place. Not easy to find a parking spot, but well worth  the effort. My new go-to deli, even though it's a fee miles away. The service is excellent too.Excellent Hoagies! Marinucci's is a Philadelphia Institution! Fresh rolls, excellent quality, great portion. My favorite "Hoagie" in Philly!This is my 3rd visit there. I got an Italian half hoagie.
Excellent Hoagie with a ton of meat. Prepared to perfection.
After eating half of it, I must take a nap before finishing it off.
The price is great also.Was just introduced by a co-worker... How have I never known about this place?!?  Best cold hoagie I've ever had. Don't remember the name, but included ham, turkey, roasted peppers, lettuce, tomato, onion... Insane.  Will be back each time I'm hungry in the Northeast.Delicious and fresh.  I love this place for lunch. Get there a little early because the lunch crowd is pop popping.First time in a while that I had a chance to get to this place and the Hogie was as great as ever. Very fresh ingredients topped off with a seeded roll.  Love seeded rolls. Looking forward to my next encounter with Marinucci'sChicken salad hoagie was delish. Staff extremely pleasant and helpful. I'll be back for sure!You want a mouth watering, fresh hoagie, large enough that you may need two sittings to finish it off, at a great price? .. we're talkin' value. This place is a family run gem. The bread to meat ratio is incredible. I get the turkey with sharp provolone, sweet peppers, tomato and onion... absolutely delicious, and it's huge!! Be very hungry if you want to finish it all .. I am a sales rep and travel all over the Philly metro area, this place is tops for fresh sandwiches... highly recommended.. in NE Philly.My 5 star review is for their hoagie trays since that's all I needed. Delicious & professional!Best deli in NE and maybe even the entire city hands down. I've had friends from Chicago come visit us and we took them here - they all agreed these were the best turkey sandwiches they've ever had! The meat portions are ginormous and unmatched by any other. All of their ingredients are super fresh and their chip and drink selection is unprecedented. You can't beat these guys if you tried.5 star  for best Italian Hoagies, and their Roast Beef Hoagies, and i love their fresh Dells Pickles. Anyway the last time i came in their store there was this one guy behide the deli slicing luchmeat up staring at me and my buttocks lol other than that their food is awesomeFirst time coming and was so fresh and huge . Lots of selection to choose from on the menu . Store
Is clean and organized. Cash only acceptedPlenty of competition in Philly for hoagies but nobody can touch Marinucci's. I've been going to Marinucci's for years. Always consistent and NEVER disappoint. They offer lunch specials, variety of meats, snacks, desserts, beverages, pretzels, sides, and many more! 
Limited (street) parking, ATM machine inside, budget friendly, convenient to major roads, and the staff are very kind. 5 stars!for some reason everytime i eat a marinucci's hoagie i am on the toilet with the runs the rest of the day.  happened more than once and when i ate different hoagies.  as far as the taste they are ok, the only thing unique about them is they put so much meat on it.Heard about this place on 6ABC and saw it on DoorDash so I ordered from them. Got an Italian hoagie and this thing is huge. The roll is big and soft, perfect amount of bread. The meat and cheese is plentiful, I could barely wrap my mouth around it. Got about 2/3 of the way into the sandwich and I had to take a moment to collect myself, pump myself up a little bit, but managed to finish it (which, I'm a big guy, so prepare yourself). Hoagie was delicious, the meat tasted unique so I don't know if I ever had the brand they used before but it was very good. Highly recommended.Was going through my old reviews, and saw my 4-star for Marinuccis, and wanted to right that wrong. My one and ONLY knock on "Nuci's was that the building was small and claustrophobic. Well, since my review, they have actually updated the store, and made things a little nicer and open. (As open as they can anyway; it's not a dine in spot, so how much room do you need?) What's even more, is that I've NEVER had a even slightly unpleasant dining experience eating here. Their hoagies are the gold standard, and it's not even really close. 
Marinucci's is the Hoagie King, and the 5 stars are well deserved.Very large, stuffed with meat (Deitz tho) go for the seeded roll if you can! Good stuff if you love deitz.