After so many wawa soups you almost forgot how nice it is to get a real meal. The chicken escarole soup was excellent. Great cheesesteak also. The bar has good seating and a nice selection of craft beers. Prices are good also. They have a friendly staff as well.I am sure it doesn't help that come from an Italian family that has a love for cooking and making "authentic" Italian-American dishes. I admit that my expectations are high but if you have solid flavorful dish then you are good to go with me. 
My husband's family decided to all meet up for dinner at this restaurant. It has a nice atmosphere and the decor is simple and clean. I ordered the veal parm thinking that I would induldge in a dish that I don't get to have regularly. Themeat was super tough, not tender at all, the sauce was very ordinary and I had a plate filled with spaghetti I didn't even know what to do with. It was just blah. 
My husband had a creamy primavera dish that was also just okay. We smothered it in grated cheese and that made it a little better. I was not impressed at all. 
I will not be going back to this restaurant any time soon.Had take out, Rigatoni Bolognese and a personal pizza with Spinach and Mushrooms. The food was very good. Mary the bartender was friendly and engaging. I will definitely be back.Beautiful restaurant.. Great food with friendly & fast service .reasonable prices 
Large place ideal for special occasions 
Dining area is for casual or upscale dining 
Awesome pizza . Maria's homemade desserts are to die for. The proprietor makes them herself tots yummy. Shout out to cashier lady very friendly and professionalMy husband & I enjoyed a delicious dinner at Maria's last night!!!  The hostess, waitress Colleen & all staff were so friendly & attentive!!!  We had eggplant involtini as an appetizer, salmon in a tomato sauce with mussels & clams & chicken parmesan.  I highly recommend all these dishes & Maria's!!One word to describe this place - AWFUL. I ordered take out from here a few weeks ago. It was a Sunday night, around 7 o'clock. They told me to pick it up in 30 minutes (I ordered a grilled chicken sandwich with lettuce and tomato and Maria's sandwich which consists of prosciutto, mozzarella, and tomato). I thought 30 minutes was a little excessive but figured they were probably busy with dinner service. So I arrive to pick up my food about 35-40 minutes later. Not one car in the parking lot, not one person in the restaurant area and I'm told my food is STILL not ready. I ended up waiting an additional 15 minutes for a piece of grilled chicken and a COLD sandwich. The grilled chicken should not take too long on the grill and the other sandwich didn't even require cooking!! The girl at the front desk was not apologetic at all. The cook came out 3 times to talk/flirt with the girls at the front desk. All around it was very unprofessional. 
So I get home to try my sandwich and was not pleased at all. The grilled chicken sandwich was literally a piece of flavorless chicken served on a hamburger bun. Yes, a hamburger bun. The other sandwich was not for me but I had to try it. Again, flavorless. I will not be going back here ever again. For the record, this was probably my 3rd or 4th time ordering from here only due to the fact that it's right down the street from me, and every time I've had to wait a long time for food and/or the food was not good. I've eaten at the other location in Conshohocken before and have been pleased but this location is horrible. Save your time and order elsewhere.I've been here about three times and every time things seemed fine.  Food was okay, service was on par for a little place, drinks seemed ok.  Nothing really stands out in this place, but it's ok for a local meal.  Don't go out of your way to find it however.
**Please do the rest of us a favor and don't bring your kids here.  Thank you!**Good food and service. Nice atmosphere and staff. Reasonable pricing. Portions are not bad. Overall good Italian restaurant.Used them for a catering order. I got a ton of food that was good quality on short notice for not a lot of money.  I fed 10 people for under $100 including delivery and tip. I'll definitely use them in the future for all my catering in that area.
I got a full pan of grilled chicken caesar salad, a half pan of pasta fagiole, garlic knots, some tiramisu (get it, its SOOOO GOOD!), and soda for the group.
The account that I served told me that this restaurant is really popular with locals and is well-stablished neighborhood spot. I cant see why!My girlfriend and I are moving to down the street from here soon.She told me I got to take you to this place for the chicken parm sandwich. We went and we both got it and man was it banging.It served on like fresh made pizza dough bread lots of chicken sauce is to die for.You also get a nice size of crinkle cut fries which no body serves them but awesome.When we go we always ask for Colleen section.Shes very nice sweet waitress.Also the inside of the place is very nice to.First the eat in. It's not what it used to be (pre take out counter), but it's still pretty darn good. Always, always ask for the specials! They are usually the freshest and tastiest thing on the menu--especially the risotto and fresh pasta dishes. The gnocchi are always good, but definitely ask for bolognese sauce; otherwise they are served with a mediocre tomato gravy.  The tortellini and peas is always reliable; the Alfredo sauce is excellent. Re apps, skip the calamari--just not good anymore.  Eggplant involtini, roman artichokes, bruschetta---all excellent. Usually the fish specials are very, very good. Service can be spotty, but ask for Trish if things aren't going well--and then they will be going very well.  Limoncello is a fabulous dessert, and usually there is a fresh made cake or pie to die for; cappuccino is excellent.  The carry out is great --for pizza. The crust is outstanding, cheese is top grade mozzarella, and toppings are fresh and plentiful. Our favorite is mushroom, with an order of meatballs on the side that we cut on top.  if you can--pick your pie up, as the wait to delivery definitely diminished the pie. (We had delivery one time--the crisp, delicious crust was soft after steaming in a bag.)
I'm Italian, I'm picky, and I always get a good meal at Maria's-- you will too!Have eaten here a couple times -always just ok.I recently had an salad which was pretty good fresh with good dressing but I can't understand how Italian restaurant can put crappy tomatoes in their salad.Not red slightly yellow tomatoes don't do it for me!Put some good red ripe vine tomatoes in a salad!I use better tomatoes in my homemade salads!I went  back again with the hopes it would be better Had fried calamari it was rubber.Had a pasta special that was  nothing special at all I could of made it at home for half the price.24 bucks for pasta with sausage really ugh !overpriced for average Italian food!I was first introduced to Maria's this past summer and have surely been back at least half a dozen times. I can assure you I would not return to any restaurant half a dozen times if it was not great food, attentive and friendly service, a nice atmosphere and an excellent value. Maria's hits 5*s in each category and every visit. You can go into Center City and spend three times the amount at the hottest new Italian restaurant, but I don't think it will bring you back half a dozen times. Maria's will!Not sure why everyone doesn't give this place 5 stars. I eat here probably once a week (at least). And every single dish I've had from here is consistently great. Sometimes it's amazing. Sometimes just great. But you can't go wrong. 5 stars for sure! Don't waste your time trying other Italian restaurants (like the one down the street) cause the food doesn't even compare!Very very good food, the risotto is fantastic, small place you sometimes are sat almost too close to the people next to you , but in terms of Italian food the place is very goodAmazing!!!! Nick was obviously trained by a Goddess of Hospitality!!! He is truly a delight and made an amazing dining experience even more special!!! Go! Go! Go! Go!Does anybody work here !!!!!! Hello, Hello!!!!! This is the third time we have tried this place becasue we live right around the corner. I even have sent my clients to them. The three of us sat there last night for 15 minutes until they came over to even took our drink order. Never came back until 20 minutes later with our drinks and mine was wrong. Then our food finally came out 30 minutes later and they had no ketchup for my brothers cheese steak and fries and my salad came out 10 minutes after the other meals came out with the wrong dressing. I could go on and on with my expereineces here and it is the worst run ristorante I have ever been to. My clients that I did send called me and said I should never recommend them. That was very embarrising. Don't waste your time going. You can clearly see by the reviews the owner does not care how his business is ran. Got to big to fast. He needs Gordan Ramsy to get in there.My wife I had been coming here since the restaurant was new. At first the owner was very friendly to us, but after we had visited a number of times, on our last visit she sat there and glared at us during the entire meal with a sour puss on her face  the entire time we were eating. That was IT for us.
The food was never that great, anyway, but after that last visit we had had enough.
I do not know whether her attitude was because the restaurant was starting to become a little busier, and she resented having someone in a wheelchair in her restaurant.Can't count the number of times we've eaten at Maria's.  Good quality, and a $20 entree here is almost always the equal of the dishes you pay $25-30 for downtown.  Usually better than the Italians our friends take us to.  Nice people, also.  But please don't believe me and please don't take a reservation we might want!I took a date to Maria's about a month ago for dinner (6/10/16).  I've eaten here before, about a year ago, and remembered it being good enough to deserve a return trip.  
Swing and a miss.
It was a Friday night, but pretty early, so the restaurant wasn't packed at all.  I was immediately struck by how the hostess was seemingly dressed for the gym, while everyone else was dressed like they worked at a restaurant, but that's not really what this review is about.
We ordered one of the appetizers on special--a stuffed mushroom...thing.  It was supposed to be portobello mushrooms stuffed wish cheese and spinach, with some balsamic glaze.  Instead, we received two stuffed mushrooms absolutely *swimming* in lukewarm balsamic sauce.  You couldn't taste anything except the sauce, which was a shame because I LOVE mushrooms.  
I also made a second mistake--ordering one of the special entrees.  This was shrimp and lobster in a spicy diavolo sauce over hand-rolled pasta.  The dish I received was ridiculously overcooked.  Both the shrimp and lobster were long-since rubberized, and I had to actually struggle to get the lobster out of the tail.  The fact it cost $32 just added insult to injury.  This wasn't a steak done medium instead of rare--this was two types of seafood cooked for so long that they no longer bore any resemblance to what they should be.
I will say that my date's dish (which was off the regular menu) was decent enough, though nothing spectacular.  Hence two stars.
I may give Maria's another shot at some point in the future, but one thing's for sure--I'm definitely NOT going to be trying anything from the specials menu.This neighborhood restaurant is a gem.  The ambiance is very pleasant . . . polished wood floors and whitewashed stucco walls adorned with brightly colored paintings . . . and the food is outstanding.
My companion and I ordered a bottle of Chianti and shared an antipasto which turned out to be large enough for four, with generous slices of several cheeses, prosciutto, salami, artichokes, pimento and seedless olives.  We couldn't finish it, but it was difficult to stop, and we left very little.
My Eggplant Parmigiano was incredible.  While it's difficult for me to recall all the times I've ordered this dish in hundreds of restaurants throughout the U.S. and Italy, I believe that Maria's offering was the best I've ever encountered.  My companion ordered one of the fish specials, a Bronzino, sautéed to perfection.  Both entrees came with pasta and  small salads of crisp lettuce, perfectly sauced with Balsamic Vinaigrette dressing.
The servers were competent, efficient and extremely personable. When I told our waitress that we enjoy lingering over our appetizer and wine,  she allowed us plenty of time.  She also inquired if we would like some time before our entrees, and accommodated us beautifully.
After the large antipasto I intended to eat only half of my entree, and, in fact, I cut it in half so that I could take home a neat portion.  Unfortunately, my self-discipline failed me, and, I found my self repeatedly taking "just one more little slice."  As I consumed the last delectable morsel,  I had to quote the Alka Seltzer Lady's line . . . "I can't believe I ate the whole thing!"
Neither of us had room for dessert, but when our waitress presented the tray, just in case, and we spied a luscious looking Strawberry Tiramisu, we thought we would just order one to split and take home.  It was superb, and we dispatched it in short order,
This was an exceptionally pleasant experience, and, naturally, Maria's now occupies a place at the top of my favorites list.
The restaurant has a private parking lot, and there is also more than ample parking on the street.Very Philadelphian place, Maria's, by which I mean they are friendly but not perfect!  A good spirit and the desire to please can go a long way.  Had a nice dinner here Thursday night, just pizza and salad.  The Cobb salad was still chilled, which was not the way most diners, including this one, want to have it.  But the pizzas were delicious and the "individual" size was too big for either of us to finish.  We got a second dinner out of them the next night.  I was pleased by the usual Maria's standards; linen on the tables and a menu of the best dishes we have had here over the years.  Hadn't been here in a year, but looking forward to a return trip soon.  Oh, yes, and the house wines are not $10 a glass, either.  As we were leaving, I noticed the healthy crowd at the bar.  Nice.  Live music started in the dining room part way through our dinner, but it was a little too loud for the size of the room, for me.  The singer was overly enthusiastic, though he was good.
If I had come here as a stranger, first time, I would have given this particular experience three stars.  But there is a reservoir of goodwill from our times at Maria's that wouldn't let me focus on a slight miss here or there.  What they are good at, they are really good at, has been our experience.  Service was very good Thursday night, as it usually is here.  That helps, too.I went to check this place out on a Wednesday with my boyfriend and we were pleasantly surprised with our experience! They have a Wednesday special that can't be beat- all you can eat pasta with muscles (or without), with bruschetta (sooo good), soup, and salad, plus bread and oil for $15! Our server was very personable and attentive and the food was great, especially for the price. The atmosphere was a family-style local place that felt homey and comfortable. Loved our first visit hereEveryone here was so nice! Food was priced well and tasted great. But honestly I was blown away by the serviceI have had several meals here & they have been great! Last night was a special seafood menu & wine tasting & it was delicious & Maria makes everyone feel at home'I have been to Maria's twice and I expect to be there more often as I can walk there from my house. Some menu items I have had are on point and others not exactly exciting:
-Gnocchi:  the most fluffy, cheesy, potato goodness I have had in a decade. Hands down.
-Calamari: Would not order this or recommend it. Very bland. Marinara was weak sauce (pun intended). 
-Margherita Pizza: In the words of my husband "Garlicy and cheesy - this is the best kind of pizza!" Very delicious. Highly recommended. They do offer gluten free crust but were out of it last night when I went. Can't wait to order that next time as I do like Gluten Free options. 
-Banana Cream Pie: Exquisite.  Best I've ever had. The chocolate crust was perfect!
So really I've only had one bad item on the menu. We have always been able to get a seat, the service is timely, and they usually have the Phillies or some other Philadelphia sports team on. Overall two thumbs up!OK so this is an update to my previous review. I had a really bad experience before but wanted to give Marias another shot.  Everyone deserves a second chance, even a place of business. 
My girlfriend and I were hungry and wanted to try somewhere different. I was hesitant to recommend Marias based on my previous experience but I did it anyway.  We ordered a shrimp scampi pizza, fries and chicken fingers (I know not that healthy). Anyway, I was floored. The pizza was delcicous, the fries were tasty and the chicken fingers were HOMEMADE, moist and just awesome. I was extremely happy I gave them a second chance and will most certainly be back. 
(On a side note -we've ordered 3 times since then and have loved everything we have ordered.) That was 4 times in a span of 2 weeks. Either we have problems or the food is that good, and I'll be the first to say it's definitely the food. This is my new go to italian/pizza take-out place and I'm glad I gave them another chance.Tonight a family dinner at Maria's....local restaurant for us.  Friday evening, the place was packed. Our server, Colleen, was amazing...very attentive esp. to my grandson.  However the  "food" service was slow....and meals was mediocre. Not enough bus help for more water or clearing the tables. Colleen apologized each time she came back to the table. We KNOW she did her best considering the lack of wait staff.  FOOD:  Mom had the grilled perch...we ALL should have ordered that...it was exceptional! My son in law had a calzone..to die for but the side of meatballs was lacking flavor.  My sisters Tuscan chicken was dry, however the veggies were tasty.  My (2) daughters pasta dishes were screaming for more seasoning.  Last but not least, my osso buco...delish but certainly NOT worth a $30 price tag!  We will go back for the pizza or sammie and give the bar food a chance. In closing, as a family, we had a great time together and had a chance to try one another's dishes. We ARE a bunch of "foodies" therefore we enjoyed one another's critiques regarding the menu.   Lets hope Maria's hires some additional staff to take care of the small, but busy dining room.2 times. 2 terrible experiences. First time was at the actual nice "ristorante" and they had a special limited menu for v-day. Would have been nice if they told me that in advance instead of when they put the menu in front of me. Oh and it was $50 per person no matter what. 2nd time was At the pizza shop on roxborough. Had a coupon for an 8$ large pizza carryout with no fine print. I go there and they tell me it's only for a plain and toppings are extra and specialty pizzas aren't included. Would have been nice to know that ahead of time. Got a BBQ chicken pizza. Absolutely horrible. I can eat most things but I took one bite and decided to throw the whole piazza away. Chicken was bad and the sauce tasted like they mixed BBQ sauce right with the pizza sauce. They managed to screw up pizza! Tony A's and Mr P's ftw!I was here on a Friday night for dinner and the atmosphere is really nice. You can choose between a bar or sit-down setting in the dining room. I sat in the dining room and it was quiet. You couldn't really hear much coming from the bar. After placing our order, we got a basket of bread which was delicious. We ordered fried calamari for appetizer which was really good but nothing to rave about. I ordered a prosciutto, fresh mozzarella, and tomato sandwich. It came on the same type of bread that came in the basket. Good sandwich, but nothing special. My girlfriend ordered the chicken parm sandwich which was also good, but nothing special. Both sandwiches came with french fries which were not good at all. The fries seemed like they were store bought frozen fries that they just tossed in the fryer. I would say that this place is a little over priced as well. The service was good and prompt. Overall, a nice little restaurant to change things up from the normal, but nothing to go crazy about.While living in Roxborough we went to Maria's more than once. Our first visit was very enjoyable. Food was excellent, service was wonderful. Subsequent visits proved to vary in both, unfortunately. Many times had same waitress who would do the same things every time we came in. Salad is served with house dressing which none of us like so we would order different dressing and just pay for it. As we would forget this ourselves this particular waitress never mentioned it and we would have to send salads back every time. Food was inconsistent. I always ordered the same dish as I enjoy it and don't get it often. Some times it was perfect and other times it was too salty to enjoy.  My husband often complained about the tomato sauce which I think is a disgrace in an Italian restaurant. Last visit the waitress didn't know what it was my husband ordered from the bar (MGD), she asked the bartender and he gave her what he thought my husband wanted, which was wrong.I had my daugher's confirmation dinner at Maria's.  Wonderful menu selection with fair prices, great service also.  We had lobster risotto, mussels in white sauce, stuffed portobello mushroom, NY strip steak, escarole soup, chicken cutlet sandwich, grilled chicken salad.  This place is a gem, can't go wrong with the private parking.  We enjoyed celebrating my daughter's special day at Maria's.  Thank you for making it memorable.They charge $17 for pasta with sauce. They try to pretend to be a fancy restaurant but their hostess is wearing yoga pants and a sweatshirt. Not worth it at all!Great family owned and operated restaurant along with delicious Italian food. I had my rehearsal dinner here and was very satisfied! Try it you won't be disappointed.My husband and I tried Maria's last Saturday and loved it.  I had the crab stuffed ravioli and a glass of red wine.  My husband had the rack of lamb.  My meal was absolutely delicious.  For dessert, I had the tiramisu and a cappuccino.  We ate everything and felt satisfied but not weighed down (this is my little test for real, good food vs. over-processed chain restaurant food).  We loved it and I highly recommend it.  The staff was friendly and happy.  We will go there again.Ordered from Maria's to cater a group lunch. The food was excellent, they provided everything we needed to serve the food, and delivery was right on time. I highly recommend this restaurant for any catering you need.This is a cozy, friendly, amazingly secret ace to enjoy a wonderful meal.  The ambience is magnificent, the food seems to be prepared for you as an individual and if you get Trish for a waitress, you will never be satisfied with a regular server again.  Now, the food,  it is unbelievably good.  I have been here several times and have NEVER had a bad meal.  Please, takes advice and try this wonderful slice of culinary heaven!!!Ate dinner here tonight for the 1st time. Had scallops & risotto which was awesome! My date had linguini & clams. Ate every last bite. Clean as a whistle & Great service. Be back soon;)My fiance and I received a gift card to Maria's for Christmas and finally got around to trying it out. A lot of people in the neighborhood have spoke pretty highly of the restaurant. When we got there, we were seated right away but then no one even recognized we were there for a good 10-15 minutes. It was a Friday night so it was a bit busy... a simple "I'll be right with you" from our waitress (who walked past us plenty of times) would have been good though! Once the server greeted us she was very nice. Since we waited so long for a greeting, we had already decided on the menu and ordered right away. After waiting and waiting some more, I over heard another server giving the night's specials.... SEA BASS! An entree in which I love! We couldn't find our waitress (again) and the other server asked if anyone had taken our order, I told him yes but asked if it was too late to change tot he special. They obliged and happily made the change. Our calamari appetizer was so-so. We waited and waited yet again until our entree finally arrived. My fiance ordered crab cakes... a lot of filler, not much crab. My Sea bass was different than I expected... it was a very thin piece of fish and had a VERY salty taste. Not impressed. It IS an Italian restaurant so maybe we just went wrong with our selections... pasta might have been a better choice?? And while the server was friendly and courteous, she certainly didn't score points for timely service or frequent visits to our table. 
I don't think we will ever go back for a sit-down dinner again, I do think we'll be back to try their pizza... Carry-out!I have stopped into Maria's twice now, and both times I was disappointed.  I actually can't comment on the food because I never stayed long enough to eat.  The staff and bar service have just been unfriendly.  I didn't want to spend my money at an establishment where no one would even crack a smile.  I know people sometimes have bad days, but this was the case on BOTH of my visits.  
My last visit Isaac and I pulled into a desolate parking lot, granted it was only turning 5pm, so maybe we were early.  When when we pulled up the server was outside smoking - an immediate turn off for me.  I loath cigarette smoke.   We went inside to have a drink at the bar before we ate.  The bartender was lacking personality, so in his usual style Isaac tried to lighten him up by cracking a joke or two...there was no response.  Isaac and I looked at each other, and knew it was time to go.  For me the whole experience was rather depressing.
I might give Maria's one last try, but honestly, it will be hard for me to forget my not - so - hot previous experiences.I have had good and bad experiences here. Sometimes everything goes pretty well and other times it is a mess. I have been happy with the food and that is why I continue to go back there, but I only had one bad dish and they remade it for me and it was delicious. Food seems a little over priced for certain items.  I have walked in there and stood at the host stand for a few minutes before anyone greeted us. I was surprised too because there was no one at the bar and the bartender saw us walk in. Service for the most part is decent,  but I do tend to be a bit critical because I also work in the industry. Drinks are always perfect (martini's, wine, mixed drinks). The atmosphere is ok. The tables are close together and there doesn't seem to be a decisive walkway when the restaurant is full so you feel like you are in the way. The music is so quiet sometimes that you can barely hear it so I feel like other tables can hear my conversations, because I can hear theirs. I still go there so there is no problem big enough that it has stopped me from coming back. They defiantly need to work their service though.Meh is the only way for me to describe Maria's. Pizza is pizza and theirs is decent, but nowhere near the best I've had.
As far as actually eating at the restaurant, the one and only time I've been there I had a terrible experience. It was a weeknight so I was expecting it to be a bit slow, but this was awful. We walked in and the hostess was nowhere to be found. We literally had to go to the bar and ask for someone to come out and help us. We finally got seated and the first thing we notice is our silverware is dirty. Then they bring the bread out and it was cold, hard, and stale. I ordered the chicken parm sandwich was had an okay taste but was cold. My friend ordered lasagna which wasn't fully cooked and tasted off. 
We had also told our waitress we would be splitting the bill. We each kept our receipts with our respective credit cards. The waitress came back to our table to confirm which card went with which receipt. Then a couple minutes later she came back again to say she accidentally charged one card twice. It was so ridiculous and such a messy situation to keep track of all the receipts and voided transactions. There were 2 other tables occupied at the time, so it's not like they were swamped and too busy to be paying attention.
I probably will not be going back to Maria's. There are too many restaurants right down the hill in Manayunk to waste my time here.While they offer a variety of Italian dishes, their pizza is the best item on the menu. A perfect place for a few drinks, especially if Mary is working he bar, and to grab a pizza to go.The best thing I can say about Maria's is meh. Hubby and I went there for an anniversary dinner, and to be honest with you we could not wait to leave. Not only was the food disappointing and nowhere near authentic Italian food, but service wasn't that great. To top things off, there was just a strange ambience in the room. Hard to define, things just didn't feel right. I mean to say that it was kind of like putting a linen tablecloth on  a picnic table, and at any moment you would expect a game of tag or sandlot football to breakout, or at the very least, a loud belch. All in all, it was just a huge disappointment, especially after hearing good things about it from a few of my friends. And then it dawned on me- none of those friends is Italian, and wouldn't know a truly good Italian tomato sauce if they slipped and fell in it. Sorry, Maria's! No gold stars here!!Tried the pizza last-night for the first time in a couple of years, very very good.. tried the chicken parmigiana and it was like eating a chicken parm sandwich.. very good.. only bad thing were the fries were half cooked..The main reason to frequent this establishment is their pizza. At a little over $12 a pie (plain), you can find cheaper pizzas in Roxborough and Manayunk, but the cheese won't be as good. Their cheese is the key to their pizza. Their other dishes are okay, but nothing to write home about. I've only ever gotten carry-out so I can't objectively comment on their service. I will say that the atmosphere seems nice and they have a wide selection of booze. Particularly, beer. Just wish they'd offer more pizza specials.I give the food 5 stars but the service 3. I wasn't greeted when I walked in- it was more of a blank fish stare I got from the woman behind the bar. When I sat at the table it took 15 minuets for one of the servers to approach the table. The servers were chatting among themselves which made me feel ignored. The waitress brought warm water and no silverware or anything-everything had to be asked for. I've worked in restaurant business and this resultant seemed to let their standards drop from what I remember it being.Worst service I have ever had at a restaurant. After we waited over two hours for our food and had to leave without getting our meals. 
The owner has no idea what he is doing. He hung out at the bar all night while his staff was obviously struggling.We go here monthly. We really really enjoy sitting at the bar area, but there is a restaurant area as well. Consistently good food, drinks and service. The house made balsamic vinaigrette is amazing. Margarita pizza is always good. Penne vodka shrimp is great-- shrimp were big and perfectly cooked. Casual atmosphere, friendly service. Highly recommend for low-key good food.Lost a long time customer tonight due to two large women's hair in my Stromboli. It's a shame..that I found a winner with this one.It's always a downer coming in.
I hate to say it, but I've been here to get take-out pizza six or seven times since I moved to the area a couple months ago, and every time without fail it ruins my happy mood. 
This evening I walked in, and the girl at the register looked straight at me saying nothing as I approached. To break the awkward silence I greeted her and immediately proceeded to inform her of my order. It wasn't sufficient to get her to lose that "I just ate a handful of dirt that was peed on by a hormonal wild boar" expression, but it thankfully ended our interaction.
At the takeout area, the only employee who's kind of happy is the guy who makes the pizza (and he does an awesome job of it, even when they forget to put in the order, which has happened to me in the past with no acknowledgement from the staff). But as much as the pizza guy wants to be happy, the rest of the staff won't let him - there's simply too much of that "I hate having to work here, it just sucks" vibe exuding from everyone else. So it's gotten to where I compliment the pizza baker profusely for making me a beautiful pizza, (because he does, consistently, and I believe in giving credit where credit is due) and then I walk out the door without a 'thanks, see ya,' or whatever. 
The past two or three times, I've forced myself to come in because the pizza is so good, but tonight I've finally decided that it's not worth it. I've decided that I'd rather buy a mediocre pizza from happy and appreciative staff somewhere else, than to endure the persistent negative attitude from the staff at Maria's Roxborough. It really is a thermonuclear buzzkill coming here. 
I don't expect to be fawned over, but come on. Say 'Hi'. Say 'Thanks'. At least act as if you had some sort of upbringing. 
Oh BTW, the second star is for the beer cooler.Strictly take-out. I like Maria's on Summit. Tonight, they forgot to put my order in but were nice about it and said it would only take 10 minutes - which it did. 
Its hard to get a flavorful pizza in the Rox/Manayunk area. I'm not sold on any one place, and I tend to switch it up between Roma's and Pinas (kinda far), but for your standard plain with extra cheese it is a good choice. The chicken fingers are breaded home made, so its mostly chicken and not breading (big plus). 
It is a little on the pricy side for what you get, the portions aren't huge or anything. But the food is good and so is the quality, and that speaks louder imo. After all, who would want a large quantity of bland food anyway ?? (drunk Chinese food doesn't count)I went the other night with my wife and cousin. We were a little early for our reservation so we sat at the bar and had a drink. The bartender started some small talk and she was very nice. Once we sat for dinner the service was prompt, the food was good and I enjoyed myself. 
great review i know but i'm not really in the mood to type right now.i love this place!!! i went to check it out because we are going to have our rehersal dinner there and the dining room is just so pretty. my fiance and I went in on a Thursday night around 7 and from the minute we walked it everyone was so nice! our waitress Lindsey was so sweet and helpful. they have so many beer choices and great wine. the bread is amazing and salad dressing (homemade) was to die for! i ordered the special and my steak was a little over cooked, im very picky :) they took it right back, made me a new one (which was awesome) and took it off the bill! just excellent customer service, clean and a great place to go for a romantic dinner for two or with your family and friends! get the vodka sauce on whatever pasta you get!Another great meal.
Always consistent and always a good time.
Menu is very vast and the prices are very reasonable.
It's always crowded so I guess that says it all.Overpriced dinner! This is not an Ocean Front restaurant and it's not in Center City so there is no need to charge $20 for entrees that didn't even taste that great. 
I ordred the crab cakes and my boyfriend had the Shrimp Diablo- a pasta dish with shrimp in a red sauce. The sauce was not even that flavorful. 
The crab cakes were better but still nothing special and not worth $20. The creamy red sauce that these were plated in was the best thing that I ate the whole meal but the crab cakes should have been what really stole the show. 
Go for lunch not dinner. I had lunch here once and it was good enough for me to want to try dinner but never again. Chicken Cheesesteak was very tasty!I am very happy to say that I gave this restaurant another try very recently, and was very pleasantly surprised! Not only was my meatball sandwich absolutely delicious, but the french fries were also cooked to perfection and quite delicious. Our server was a delightful woman who was extremely polite, and very helpful and she saw to our every need.
It was a completely different experience than the last time I was there and I can tell you that I will be going back again in the future. I honestly enjoyed myself that much! Delicious food, warm and inviting atmosphere, and help that made us feel welcomed were the perfect recipe for a wonderful luncheon  experience.I always get takeout from Maria's and I think it's great. Price wise I'm very happy. I usually get their homemade gnocchi with bread and a salad for about $10 take out. I recommend the gnocchi, the portion is great and I usually have leftovers for the next day. That being said I also had the lobster Raviolli and its very filling but it looks like not a lot.Below par red gravy spot. Only worth ordering if you want chicken parm or frutti da mare delivered. If your planning on dining in, go past 2 blocks and hit DiMeo'a. Way better. And if your out here and want real deal white table cloth 5 star Italian go to Franco's place Fiorino
and bring some wine. Ur welcomeVisited: Sunday - January 25, 2015 - 5PM
I've enjoyed a couple slices of pizza at Maria's but never dinner - until today.
The parking lot is adequate for off hours dining but a bit of a challenge during dinner. I found a spot among the few that remained. Parking on the street is always an option.
The interior is dark with modest decor. Choice of booths or table is available. My family chose a table. My son and mom ordered the Lobster Ravioli ($17.00 each dish). I ordered the gnocchi ( $15.00 ) and a side of two meatballs ($3.00 ). Focaccia and salads with dressing accompanied the dinners. The focaccia was light and crispy. The salad and dressing were unremarkable.
My mother did NOT like the raviolis but my son enjoyed his and eagerly finished her's. My gnocchis' appeared freshly made but were over cooked and chewy. The gravy ( "sauce" to many ) was full bodied but tasteless. The meatballs were reasonably sized but bland. 
This was diner food with restaurant prices.  
Note: I generally avoid dining at restaurants offering italian food because many rarely match the quality of properly prepared Italian food. I prepare Italian food using many family recipes.I am giving Maria's 1 star because I just waited over an hour for my pizza and mozzarella sticks to be delivered. I used the online ordering apparently this was a mistake. My order was registered as pick up on their end even though I chose delivery and was charged the $2 for delivery. I gave them the benefit of the doubt that they were running behind, so I waited about an hour to call. When I called it took me 10 attempts to get someone on the phone. When I finally got someone they told me it was going to be here shortly. It was about another 15 minutes. The food was Luke warm at best. Not happy! Really like their pizza but won't be ordering again. Other place deliver faster. Very disappointed.Never been to Maria's but frequently order take out for dinner! The food is delicious and variety is great!I've been here three times, and the food is great.  All three mini-pizzas that I've tried have been really tasty.  The calamari and salads are great too!  The people are very nice and friendly, and the wine prices are much less than center city ($6 for the house).  The bar area has several TV's, and they take credit cards, I will definitely be coming back!Maria's is as warm and accommodating as Maria herself! Just had our little girl's baptism reception at Maria's. We had the whole main dining area to ourselves and two fantastic waitresses to take care of our every need. The buffet was great, we got to choose a fish, a chicken, pasta, bread, salad, veggies and potatoes. My big italian family had nothing but wonderful things to say about the lunch and we were very pleased with the whole experience. Now to come up with another occasion to have a party for!Ordered takeout from here so I can't speak to the restaurant side. I ordered gnocchi and it was so good (I am picky about my gnocchi too). However, it was supposed to come with Bolognese sauce and unfortunately it only came in a plain marinara. Disappointing, but still good. And I liked the balsamic dressing on my side salad (which was really really small but ok). My fiancé ordered a meatball sandwich and old bay fries. He really hated it. I tried it and it also wasn't the best. I'm gonna chalk this up to takeout meatball sandwiches. The fries were crinkle cut and were pretty scarce on the old bay. I'm still wondering why these were $6. I'd order here again or visit the restaurant only if I was craving those gnocchis.Have been going here since they've opened and had a special occasion celebration here.  Always good, great service, nice selection.  Just went here for lunch the other day and seated in the bar area because of a special occasion in the main dining room.  The bartendar was very accomdating.  Never disappointed.  We even order pizzas from here on the weekend.The food at Maria's was great until they converted to a partial pizza takeout place. The menu has since been drastically cut and quality has dropped. It's a shame, too, because certain meals (homemade gnocchi, chicken cutlet) were amazing.Had some pasta entrees for take out. They weren't bad but nothing special. Their fresh bread was good and if I were to go back I'd try a pizza.I went out for date night with my husband and we were excited the parking lot was full thinking that's a great sign. 
I ordered pasta with prosciutto and peas and he had rigatoni bolognese. My sauce tasted like uncooked canned tomatoes, and my poor husband's sauce was so bitter it tasted like battery acid, which was served with cold oily bread squares.
( I come from a Sicilian family so I do know how good sauce is supposed to taste)We just had my mom's birthday  luncheon there. They were so accommodating. The food was amazing. The homemade sweets table delicious. I couldn't have asked for better service. Everyone raved.o Veal was tough, waitress was nice, management made it right by comping the meal and the drinks.  Worth a revisit, Trish MOD was awesome.My family and I love Maria's! Their pizza and sandwiches are always delicious and their staff is very friendly. Their prices are also very reasonable. I would highly recommend!We go to Maria's almost every week.  The food is great and Darcy is a wonderful waitress and makes you feel right at homeJust got take out and it was delicious! Gnocchi Bolognese, penne Alfredo with chicken and tortellini was all amazing.This is a local favorite! Always a full parking lot. We had the pizza, wings, eggplant involtini, and chicken parm. The pizza is good, but you have to order it well done. The wings are one of the best in the area. Crispy and well seasoned. The eggplant is my favorite dish there! It's an app but it's enough for me as an entree. The chicken parm is also good. But not the best that I ever had.Great food and service. The best Italian food and pizza in the area. Consistent great tasting food and service.One star so I could even write a review,  Ill never go back thrown out not only by myself but a United States marine for backing now President Trump..this place gives you boxed pasta? From an Italian?  Don't go here period! God bless President Trump and The United States Of America. .low grade dog food.Terrible experience. When we arrived they told us there would be a 20 minute wait which was understandable party of nine. They split our party up to seat us more quickly. We ordered within 20 minutes but then waited over an hour and ten minutes for food and we had small children with us. We asked after an hour and the waiter said hopefully another ten minutes. No one apologized and we asked for the check as soon as the food eventually came. We will never come here again.I hosted a luncheon there last weekend.  We received the wrong food, no bread and did not get the dessert that was promised.  When I called Maria to complain, she blamed me and the waiter. It is her restaurant and she should take the responsibility for the mistakes.  The food was good.  And she asked me to consider Maria's if I host another event.  I don't think so.......We arrived at the restaurant for lunch , we had family visiting from out of town . There was no one else dining and all open tables . They took a long time to seat 4 of us but it was ok, we were excited to eat. We ordered food and the waitress was HORRIBLE ,  we remained pleasant and polite. I'm allergic to shrimp and we told her that . I ordered spinach salad , she put shrimp on it. ..‍ She brought the wrong bottle of wine, didn't bring the right sauce ordered for fried shrimp , didn't refill water and never brought us clean plates after multiple appetizers. When  we asked for containers to take the food home we waited 15 minutes --no one else in the dining room, still. We asked for the check and she took such a long time to bring it that my gf went to nicely ask for it, another staff member went to get her. We overheard the waitress say loudly I'm the kitchen, "they are a real pain !!" Enough said . We paid $150 for a large lunch and we will NEVER be back . I guess they don't need the business ..Don't waste your time with this place ....