do not eat here. my husband, two friends and i went out for restaurant week to marmont steakhouse on saturday, january 26, 2013; our experience was horrific.  the four of us ordered the crab bisque soup for our first course, it was cold and we sent it back to be reheated.  my second course was the calamari it was bland, fried too hard and rubbery.  finally two ppl from our party ordered the lobster ravioli for an entree.  it was not lobster ravioli but beef. i asked our waiter and one other waiter to please double check with the chef because this is not lobster, i expressed that i have not eaten beef or pork since 1994, and that it would make me ill. they both came back separately and argued that it was in fact lobster. another party of maybe 6 ppl ordered the lobster ravioli, they had the same problem and sent their dishes back to the kitchen too.  the server finally came over after i'd eaten two of the ravioli to apologize for the kitchens error and telling us that was in fact beef. 
i have been in the bathroom all day with diarrhea from the beef ravioli! the staff was very nonchalant about it and offered an insincere apology.I was looking for a restaurant in the city that offered a good steak at a reasonable cost.  I've been to the Capital Grill and I enjoy their beef as well as their service and decor, I just didn't want to spend $250.00 + for the 3 of us (call me cheap).  Not really knowing what to expect at the Marmont, we took a risk.  
The Good:
I have to say that the NY strip steaks and rib eye were very very good and cooked perfectly (medium rare and medium).  They were about 1-1/2 thick (forgot to bring my calipers) and well trimmed; very little fat was left. I would say the meat was prime, not choice.  We all enjoyed them as well as the fries which were cooked crisply as we requested.  the sauces were meh; why cover up the wonderful taste of the beef?  Service was good, prompt, and polite.   
The Not So Good:
The decor is awful.  The floor looks like painted OSB with the paint half worn off, the tables are painted plywood, lighting from K-Mart, and walls have a few giant old signs hanging on them.  The place is a visual dive. I felt like I was in a Tom Waits song.  How hard would it be to make it a nice warm and inviting space? I don't get it.   Want to make more money? Spend the 5K, it will pay off. But please find someone who knows what they are doing.  You serve delicious steaks; I'll bet your decorator doesn't do the cooking, so why ask the cook to decorate?
If you want great steaks for a good price, go here.  But if you are looking for a classy or trendy setting too, you may need to pay the extra 30% at a high end steak house.I am always skeptical of Restaurant Week... You never know what service or the food will be like but you go in with that in mind... WELL fellow Yelpers.. I must say that I was surprisingly blown away by both! 
We had a reservation for 6 but at the last minute we had another guest join us. When I called the restaurant to make sure it was ok, the gentlemen was more than happy to add one to our reservation.  Upon arrival we headed to the bar to wait for the rest of our group to arrive.  Bar menu was great, they have a lot of bottled beers to choose from...no drafts.. weird..
The food was really good!  For restaurant week I never have my hopes set too high...ist that bad??  I started with the Ceasar Salad, then the Ribeye and for dessert I ordered the Chocolate cake.. Salad was yummy, steak was done to perfection!!  I was not at all pleased with the chocolate cake (i love cake) BUT my friends bread pudding was pretty tasty!  
We will definitely return.  Our server Melissa was really sweet too!If I could rate them less than one star I would. I had the worst experience here. I felt discriminated against, disrespected, and attacked. The place was over crowded because they over sold tickets. We were asked to move from where we were standing because it would block the dancers from walking by. However, they brought out chairs from the back for other people to sit in that same exact spot. The second time we were asked to move because a couple wanted to sit behind us and couldn't see. A woman then turned a chair around and told one of my friends that the seat wasn't for her in a very rude tone. Next, two girls came in and stood directly in front of me which was also directly in front of the doorway where the dancers were supposed to enter, a server came to us and asked us to move again but said nothing to the two girls. We stated that we could not move where he wanted because then we would be blocking the view of the customers already standing there so he then asked us to move to the back of the bar where we would not be able to see anything. After that the rude woman (who told my friend the seat wasn't for her) had her husband tap my friend and ask could she switch places with me because she was too tall and blocking everyone's view. There was no room for us to switch spots so I said no and continued to try to watch the "show." 
He then tapped her again and asked did she want to sit down, she said no she was fine. He proceeded by pushing the chair into the back of her legs and forcing her to sit down. There was no staff around to assist us with these issues and there was hardly any room to try to find someone so we left before things got anymore out of hand. As we stood outside getting ready to leave a couple that lived next door overheard us talking about how disrespected we felt they chimed in and said that many of the people there are impolite and rude. I will never again in my life recommend nor visit this establishment.OH MY GOD!
I started off dinner with the Crab Bisque which was amazing! It actually had big pieces of crap in it, something that you usually don't get because many restaurants are cheap when it comes to seafood. I had the Gourmet Cheesesteak sandwich and I think after all the cheesesteak sandwiches I've had in Philly this is by far the best! The sandwich is a mixture of sliced rib eye (very good) and their filet mignon angus beef. They top it with vidalia onions and Cooper American cheese, i seriously dont think anything else will top this. My wife ended up having the Filet Mignon and that was great also. She mentioned, "oh man i forgot to ask for steak sauce" but as soon as she cut into it the steak was so juicy she said it didn't even need any sauce. Also I really recommend the BubbleGum drink, it was a great mixture of alcohols and it was surprisingly very good.I invited 20 of my friends to Restaurant Week and we decided to go to Marmont.  None of us had gone for dinner before so we had no idea what to expect.  
The first course was lobster bisque which was very filling and had a lot of meat and good flavor.  Second course I chose the baked brie.  It was absolutely delicious and probably my favorite course of the night.  Third was the 12 oz NY Strip Steak.  I had mine medium rare and it was perfect.  Some folks were looking for the A-1 sauce, but for me, I had just what I needed.  Another reviewer commented on the terrible mashed potatoes--agreed.  Last was I chose the chocolate cake.  It was difficult to eat (in the fridge too long?), so it sort of gave the meal a poor finish.
The service was good.  We had 2 servers accomodate us for the large party.  They were very appreciative and worked well with us, and I will definitely be back.  Oh, I had the mangotini as well (they have a very nice bar), but I could've used a LOT more liquor for the $8.50 price.
We all had a great time and again, I'm a fan!  Man that baked brie was amazing...Had dinner here last night, filet skewers were excellent.  Our dinners were ribeye and filet both were perfect, tasty, cooked to perfection, had great accompanying sauces of bernaise and bbq. Our waitress, Lisa, was very helpful, she knew all of their menu and helped us select terrific choices. Steaks were one of the best we have had, cud dos to the chef.  Can't wait to return.Actually gabbed a cheesesteak from next door and a drink from Marmont and sat at there outside tables.  Service was excellent and the drinks were great.Had the daily special, blackened ribeye I think it was, delicious steak, cooked and seasoned perfectly. Mashed potatoes were absolutely delicious. When I want a good steak, this would definitely be my choice. I haven't been able to find a better steak.I recently just celebrated my 23rd birthday at Marmont! I let the manager/owner know ahead of time how many guests were attending and they gave me an incredible deal on a two hour open bar. When I arrived they had a table sectioned off for my friends and I, the manager was extremely accomodating and distributed wrist bands to my friends who were participating in the open bar special. The staff there definitely went above and beyond in rolling out the red carpet. Nobody had to wait for service AT ALL. The DJ played nothing but good dance music that everyone enjoyed, which you could tell from the dance floor and the ambience was beautiful! Around midnight, the staff brought out a cake with my name on it which was delicious and each of my friends got to enjoy as well. Overall I have to say that this birthday party was THE best I've ever had, and it was all thanks to Marmont. I wasn't the only one who thoroughly enjoyed myself either! When the night ended and I thanked my friends for coming to help me celebrate each of them had great things to say about this venue! 
Thanks to Marmont and it's staff for helping me celebrate my 23rd birthday party with style!First time I ate here was mid july sat at the bar had the mac n cheese and a drink. My friend had lobster and everything was so good. Only problem I had was that they charged my bill to my bestie card and my card smh. Came back for my bday August 8th had the crab bisque which was awesome and the lamb pops was seasoned perfectly. Not to mention the birthday monster margarita was bomb.com.  I would come here to eat every week if I could. The food is awesome :)What an absolutely delightful experience my mother and I had at Marmont! We decided to go there for dinner before a show at the Arden, and I think it will become our new pre-show dinner spot!
We went on a rainy Tuesday, so it wasn't too crowded. Our waiter (I can't remember his name) was excellent. He started out giving us drink recs- I went for the Gin #9 Cocktail and my mother got the Grapefruit Cosmo. The waiter made the drinks for us and they were delicious. He even gave my mom a few pointers on the Cosmo so she could try to make it at home.
We ordered the mussels for an app and they were huge- could easily be a full meal for one person. For our entrees we split the meatloaf and pork loin, with a side of asparagus. The meat was perfectly cooked and the portions large enough for me to take for lunch the next two days.
We were too full for dessert, but hopefully next time we will save some room!Fresh food, I love it. If you want a Fancy dinner this is a good option also prices are good, service is ok. The crab cake appetizer its really goodI go to Marmont as often as I can, the food is amazing every time and the prices are reasonable as well. I always get the filet and Marmont salad and am never disappointed! 
I love the atmosphere, it's not too loud during dinner hours and especially in the spring/summer season when diners are able to sit outside and enjoy all of what Olde City has to offer! 
The service is impeccable and their drink menu, especially all of their martinis, are to die for! It's great for dates to grab dinner and afterwards hang out for drinks and the dining room turns into a dance floor with a DJ. 
Marmont is by far one of my favorite places to go to in Philadelphia whenever I'm in the city!I wouldn't call a typical steakhouse, it's Avery unorthodox version of a steakhouse however that's what makes it great. It's a cute place that you can get a good steak from. I have been here a few times and decided that i should probably write a review. The food is amazing. I typically get my steak Oscar style or I'll go for the surf and turf. It's a constant battle for me deciding which I want because they are both so good. The service has been consistent, I've never had a bad thing to say. It's unlike your typical steakhouse but it's worth the try. 
Two very enthusiastic thumbs up!What a GREAT place.  Came into Philadelphia for a trade show . . first night we found Marmont - and liked it so well we came back for a 2nd night.  If you are a Pinot Noir fan, try the IRONY 2011.  Wonderful flavor of berries with just the right tannin.  TOP NOTCH.  The Crab Bisque is creamy and full of crab meat - with a hint of cherry sweetness.  The mussel's were PHENOMINAL - try them Latin Style ! Our group had a variety of steaks, and all of them were simply great.  The asparagus serving is LARGE . . . excellent flavor and perfectly done.
Marissa was our server and she was PHENOMINAL - Never hovering but always there when we needed her.
Overall, one of my all time favorites. When I get back to Philly, I will DEFINITLY come back to Marmont.This was the first place I went for restaurant week and oh my god the food was delicious the space within the restaurant was small but cuteI just had my 45th birthday party at Marmont last night and I couldn't have been more pleased. Let me start with booking the event, Dave (the owner) was as easy as pie to work with, he helped me with every little detail. I'm a little picky, but he was patient as could be.
Casey, helped me create a custom martini as the drink special for my party,he concocted a delectable coconut, cherry, lime martini and my guest simply loved them, let me tell you Leah-tini's are delicious! Ask for one.
The food was simply incredible! My guests feasted on three courses of hot appetizers, we had jumbo garlic fried shrimp (to die for!), calamari with jalepenos (crisp, crunchy, full of flavor), steak spring rolls (beefy, cheesy, yummy), cheese fries and Dave was nice enough to add spicy buffalo wings to my party food menu for the night. Some of my guest ordered other items as well, the crab cakes got rave reviews!
The DJ kept us dancing all night with a combination of dance music, pop music and selections from a playlist I gave to Dave, I danced almost the entire night!
Most importantly the staff was the nicest most attentive people ever, the wait staff was always smiling, full of personality and eager to please. The bar staff never had anyone wait longer than a few seconds to place thier drink order. Even the security guard was nice (big dude-I wouldn't mess with him!) but he was very kind and cordial the entire night.
You know you can have great ambiance, food and music but if the staff isn't up to par it can ruin a night. I was so lucky to have these people here catering to my guests.
This was an important birthday for me, Thank you Marmont for making it special.First visit in a while (since moving). Service was great. Felt like we had a waiter dedicated to just our table, that's how attentive he was (but not intrusive). Never an empty drink glass. I used to live in the area and frequent Marmont at least once a month After moving to the Bay Area 18 months ago, I've not found a steakhouse like it out here. 
Steaks were cooked perfectly, medium rare as requested. I had the 22oz Ribeye, Vegetable Kabobs (healthy portion), bowl of Crab Bisque (amazing), glass of Woodford Reserve Bourbon, and plenty of fresh bread. 
I'd definitely recommend this to anyone in Old City, or the Philadelphia area for a good steak.Great vibe, with many locals and friendly service.  Mussels four different styles...try the Russian style with a rich vodka cream sauce...and only $12 for a huge portion! 
Its supposed to be a steak place and they do have a wide selection of steaks. The atmosphere is more of a local bar, and I didn't try the steaks although I just might come back for the steak and more mussels!We started off with the mussels (Belgian),  it was good, but the mussels were very small. The filet mignon was cooked the way I liked it (MR), but it was not seasoned well, if at all and the outer side tasted burnt. The lump crab was minimal, and the mashed potatoes were not anything out of the ordinary, but the asparagus was cooked properly. The hollandaise sauce was gelatinous and looked to be left out for a while; I did not care for that. Everything is a la carte (which basically means eat less or pay more). We ordered mushroom risotto and the brussel sprouts with the dinner. It is very hard to find good risotto, but at Marmont, the risotto was well cooked and tasty. The brussel sprouts were good, but it would have been nice to have it seasoned, but I suppose that is what the bacon and shallots are for. If the prices were lowered or if the entrees included one side, I would try this place again.The food was excellent.  The Shrimp and Calamari appetizer were delicious .  The Filet Oscar and Marmont Rib Eye were amazing dinner choices.  A hidden gem.A little on the pricy side, but I guess considering the location. . . Also, the ambiance was nice, and the restaurant had a nice, cozy feel.
The service was really good, and the steak was delicious. We go the burger, which was good and a steak with brussel sprouts and mushrooms as the sides. Neither one of the sides were standouts, and we were saddened when we saw our neighboring table get the mac and cheese, which looked yummy.
We went there because we had a groupon, but will probably not be back.We had the 22 oz rib eye done medium rare.  Caesar Salad with anchovies added, broccolini and mashed potatoes.  The steak was done just right and very flavorful. Loved the mashed potatoes and the broccolini.  Service was very good.  Atmosphere was okay but not special.  We will be back for the steak!Looking  for a reasonable place to grab a small bite. Tried this place out. Got the special of the day. French onion soup. Oh my gosh! Soooo good!!! Cheesy melted goodness on top. Delish onions and wine infused soup underneath. Oh man!! My sister got the steak egg rolls served with sirrache sauce.  My daughter got the baked bri. The crust was light and flakey. The raspberry sauce sweet and gorgeous. 
Loved the soft and easy mix of music. Quiet and perfect for a bit a respite on a cold rainy day.Just wandered into this place, nice setup & soothing music. Ordered the days special of Rib Eye steak with rubbed chilli sauce. It was just mind blowing :)
Even their chicken chowder soup was out of this world. A must try place. Cheers.No major complaints about the service, the ambiance, the view. I doubt I'll be suggesting anyone go out of their way to come here though. My NY strip was requested MR and came out the MW side of M. That is pretty much unacceptable in my book considering that I don't often go out looking to pay for steak.. and this is a steakhouse.
On a more positive note, the creme brulee was excellent for dessert, and my friend appeared to enjoy the sauce his mussels came in.For someone who typically does not eat red meat, Marmont Steakhouse was definitely worth the visit.  Upon entering, we were greeted and welcomed with a smile.  The staff is very friendly and attentive.  
Definite must tries include: Latin Mussels, Roasted Rack of Lamb, Filet Mignon, and the Mac n Cheese.  
I will definitely be visiting soon!Stopped in for lunch on a nice Saturday afternoon. Kind of gothic looking, but oh well. Had a grilled chicken and avocado sandwich which was pretty good. It was good, glad I stopped inThis was truly a five star experience, and I was surprised that the place didn't have more patrons at 7:30 on a Thursday night, despite the closeness to the holiday or the chill in the air. 
From the moment he opened the menu, boyfriend decided we had to have a dinner of appetizers...and of course, a signature cocktail. We got about 6 things between us, including the delicious house-made bread and garlic butter. 
My favorites were the lamb lollipops (tender and perfectly seasoned) and the crab mac and cheese (can you say ooey-est gooey-est?), but everything we had was delicious. 
Our server, Madison, was a class act and made us feel right at home and like we were her only table (maybe we were?) Nonetheless, the service was quick and spot on and she gave us honest and valuable advice when it came to ordering. 
I honestly am curious about the entrees, but I was so impressed with the appetizers, I might just go back for those. 
Pro tip - you could do the baked brie for dessert!My friends and I went to Marmont for a girl's night out last weekend.  The website makes the place look much better than it actually is.  The ambiance is definitely amiss and the food was beyond average.  We each ordered steak and shared calamari.  Within 24 hours, we were ill.  Not sure if it was the hollandaise sauce or the butter, but something definitely went wrong.  It was the sickest I have been in a long time.  I would contact the owner, but I have spoken with some other locals and have read other reviews from people who mention how rude and unaccomodating the guy is.  Not sure it is worth it, since I have already wasted enough time paying for our poor dinner choice.  Needless to say, I would discourage anyone from eating at Marmont.Go on your birthday!!! They have a HUGE margarita (when you show your birthday ID) for the price of a regular margarita. You can see people's reactions when they walk by, it's awesome lol the waitress was extremely friendly and helpful. We definitely felt welcomed. Their beef rolls (forgot the name) are amazingI liked the fact that this place had such a diverse menu but still have to give it two stars.  It was late on a friday, they have outdoor seating which is great but my steak came over done.  (medium rare is not uncommon and I couldn't figure out how they messed that up)  The waitress brought our side dish pretty much after we had finished.  The wine was WAY overpriced.  And then when we got seperate checks she still ended up putting both tabs on my card.  Oh well.  Just could have been end of the night mess ups on the staffs part.  I wouldn't go back but if you go......get the mashed potatoes!  They were excellent.Don't waste your money or time!!!!! I was visiting philly from NY with my mother and wanted to have a nice steak dinner after wine tasting across the street. A guy in the wine ship told us the steaks at Marmont were good so we decided to try it boyyyyyy was that the wrong decision. 
Once we arrived we were immediately sat by the host who was very polite. Upon sitting the atmosphere was busy and a bit noisy as there was a large party celebrating an occasion over dinner. We placed our orders for the bacon wrapped filet mignon and the pepper crusted NY Strip Steak along with some sides. 
Our drinks came promptly, the food took about 40 minutes. That was a little long but expected since we ordered steaks. While we waited for our food to arrive things took a turn for the ABSOLUTE WORSE when the waiters decided to kick the large party off of their table and allow them to squeeze into their cramped bar located an arms length away from dining customers to continue the party. It suddenly turned into a frat party with intoxicated people who were still being served drinks screaming over each other and crowding around tables of people trying to enjoy their meal. 
I watched as a couple managed to get their meals down in 15 mins and promptly leave. Either way by the time we received our food I was ready to leave as none of the staff addressed this issue. They simply pushed through the crowd and continued working as if this was not a restaurant. 
The steaks were okay, just OK. They were a little over cooked and my ny strip steak was a bit salty maybe it was the crust of pepper seasoning. I wouldn't order it again...The filet was fine aside from it not being medium as requested. Once we received our food, I ignored the shortcomings of the dishes and kindly explained to our waiter that the bar shenanigans were unacceptable in a restaurant full of people spending a pretty penny on dinner. 
Instead of her immediately correcting the issue as I shouldn't have to state the obvious. She went on to tell me they were a large party celebrating as if that made it okay. After 20 minutes, more than halfway through my steak she comes back over to say the bar tender mentioned something to them although the frat party was still in full swing and she continued to serve them alcohol. 
At that point, another couple was ready to leave before ordering their main courses because of the noise and lack of management. We ended up hurrying out of there praying for the couple we left sitting next to us. 
If you like eating dinner in a frat house, go for it! I would never eat here again or recommend this place to anyone !!!!! Absolutely horrible. This restaurant needs a crash course on running a fine dining establishment based on the cost of dinner. If I went to Buffalo Wild Wings, I wouldn't even expect the nonsense that was happening that night. 
Advice to management: this is not a sports bar so treat your guests accordingly.Went there for restaurant week, I felt like I was being rushed out, we weren't even done our desserts and the waiter brings us the check. I would think for a steak place that they would know how to cook a steak to order but that is not the case. The best part was the dessert. Wish I could say that I would be back but I don't think that is going to happen.This place was recommended to us by our hotel and I'm glad we went! This place is a neighborhood gem. Nice casual bar/grill atmosphere, but the food was more like an upscale steakhouse without the upscale prices. Steaks were cooked PERFECTLY, portions were generous, and the sides (we had mashed, broccolini, and Brussels) were so FRESH , flavorful and nicely portioned. Go there hungry! Very good kids menu as well, - Mac n cheese was excellent. This place Has some funky decor going on as well- at first I thought someone went crazy with an ax to the floor... but I'm pretty sure this was all part of the charm! Hopefully we will be back in philly to visit this joint. A+.We tried this place after buying a deal through travelzoo.com. My boyfriend lives right around the corner, so we have passed it a million times, but it never caught our attention until we saw the deal online. It included two glasses of wine, a shared appetizer and two entrees. My boyfriend and I decided on the fried calamari because it is one of our favorite things to order out. The calamari came with fried jalapenos mixed in (which were awesome), but it wasn't used as a filler. There was plenty of well seasoned and breaded calamari. A lot of places won't include the tentacles, but Marmont did- they are our favorite and they were very tender!
I follow a paleo diet, so this place ended up being perfect for me (yes the breaded calamari was a bit of a cheat....) I had the porkchop which was topped with sauteed apples, onions and BACON! Yum! The chop was very moist. I was dissapointed with their side options of mashed or baked potatoes. All other sides were an upcharge. I got the roasted brussels sprouts with even more BACON! They were amazing and both portions were so big I was able to have a very satisfying lunch the next day. The bf was craving steak and he got the 14 oz strip which was cooked perfectly. He was extremely satisfied!
The service was great! The pricing seemed appropriate even without our deal, although I was a little Dissapointed with how much you had to pay to get some green on your plate ( $9 for my side of brussel sprouts!) We would definately eat here again"Had a good time. The resturant is small and can get noisey very fast when full. Unfortunately we sat by the door, whichs means every time someone left or came in, we got cold! The resturant is normally a nice quiet place to have dinner, which is romantic with a nice ambiance... But this night was not that night. We didn't get seated right away althought we had reservations, we waited for 15 mins.  The food was great, the presentation of the food was awesome! I believe this place is worth going to and the food and service is good, but it's too busy during resturant week to get the full affect of this place...Food was mediocre, service was horrible! We had a reservation however we weren't seated until an hour/hour and a half later.  By the time we finally got our food, the staff started to move the tables and turn the space into a night club, so we literally were eating on the dance floor! We had to yell over the music to have a conversation.  When we asked to speak to the manager, he immediately came to our table with a confrontational attitude and seemed unfazed by our dissatisfaction.  He even yelled at someone else in my party who told him this was unacceptable....
Absolutely horrible, will not be going back!Tried this place on a whim and have been back a few times since.  Hand cut steaks are perfectly prepared to order without the snooty prices of some of the heavy hitter names in Center City.  I've enjoyed a variety of sides, fantastically made cocktails, and a very nicely paired Malbec.  You can eat outside when the weather is nice.  Interior is dim.  Chef and staff have been very friendly.  Try it for lunch on a weekend to get some great food at a lower price!Drinks are pricey. 
Music is extra loud but played good songs.
No cover.
Cute bartenders.
Fast service. 
Strong drinks.The quality of the food was good enough but the restaurant week options were overpriced. We made reservations a week in advance and still had to wait an additional 20 minutes. Very cramped and loud. The waitress offered complimentary vegetables for the table and then charged us $9 for a cup of brussel sprouts! The drinks were weak and not worth the prices. I would not recommend this place again.My husband I went here for lunch and not only was the service really slow (think: took 20 minutes to get refills, and Diet Coke obviously needed to be changed) when our food finally arrived the chicken on my Caesar salad was either really underdone or a terrible cut of meat. Gross. Will not be returning.Food was really good. Me and my boyfriend were both really happy with our steaks, and the side dishes were also very tasty (we ordered mashed potatoes, Mac and cheese, and Brussels sprouts). The baked Brie appetizer was also good, though it had too many raisins IMO.
The service was also very good. Our waiter was attentive, and he brought our food and drinks out promptly. 
I'm giving this place four stars instead of five because the decor/atmosphere wasn't very inviting. I expect a steak house to be a little more warm and welcoming, rather than almost dingy looking.Excellent steak perfectly cooked staff was extremely pleasant the side dishes can use some work but, over all I would go back to this place even though it's very over priced for what it is. Some price adjustments or a good happy hour could help drum up business, it's in the heart of old city so that's a huge plus.I just had my 45th birthday party at Marmont last night and I couldn't have been more pleased. Let me start with booking the event, Dave (the owner) was as easy as pie to work with, he helped me with every little detail. I'm a little picky, but he as patient as could be.
Casey, helped me create a custom martini as the drink special for my party,he concocted a delectable coconut, cherry, lime martini and my guest simply loved them, let me tell you Leah-tini's are delicious! Ask for one.
The food was simply incredible! My guest feasted on three courses of hot appetizers, we had jumbo garlic fried shrimp (to die for!), calamari with jalepenos (crisp, crunchy, full of flavor), steak spring rolls (beefy, cheesy, yummy), cheese fries and Dave was nice enough to add spicy buffalo wings to my party food menu for the night. Some of my guest ordered other items as well, the crab cakes got rave reviews!
The DJ kept us dancing all night with a combination of dance music, pop music and selections from a playlist I gave to Dave, I danced almost the entire night!
Most importantly the staff was the nicest most attentive people ever, the wait staff was always smiling, full of personality and eager to please. The bar staff never had anyone wait longer than a few seconds to place thier drink order. Even the security guard was nice (big dude-I wouldn't mess with him!) but he was very kind and cordial the entire night.
You know you can have great ambiance, food and music but if the staff isn't up to par it can ruin a night. I was so lucky to have these people here catering to my guests.
This was an important birthday for me, Thank you Marmont for making it special.My friend took me here for my birthday, and EVERYTHING was AMAZING, from the appetizer to the dessert! Service was excellent! The Crab Bisque was so delicious! My steak was made to perfection, my dessert was an absolute treat!My husband and I had a voucher to use there. Lucky for us, the restaurant was completely empty on a Wednesday night. Apparently, it is just that way after NYE. I would say the food and ambiance were great and the service was good. 
For an appetizer, we had the pepper crusted filet skewers on french fries. They were really tasty, especially with the horseradish sauce. For entrees, my husband had the crispy ginger salmon with a side of risotto and I had the NY strip with a side of mashed potatoes. The salmon was extremely salty whereas the risotto was a little bland. Both were good enough, but I would expect more. My steak was great with the Port-Wine Demi Glace and the mashed potatoes were perfect. 
The reason I am not giving the full five stars is because of the service. Our waitress was very attentive, but I was a bit miffed that she put a gratuity on there for the two of us. I am sure there are some people who do not tip on the pre-discount price, but I was prepared to give her MORE than the amount she charged us. Additionally, the coffee at the end of my meal tasted like it had been there all day. It was TERRIBLE and I am not even that picky of a coffee drinker. Finally, and this is being nitpicky, I hate it when servers pick up the bill before you are ready to leave. They should wait until you are gone to pick up the signed copy of the credit card bill. It wasn't even 7:00 pm when we were done so it was not like the server was trying to leave ASAP. 
I would recommend people going here for the food and the ambiance. Don't go when it is too cold and windy though. When the door opens, the whole restaurant gets cold for a couple of minutes.Took my mother and my girlfriend here last weekend. Dominique provided excellent service, the atmosphere was nice, and the food was perfect. My Filet Mignon was seasoned to perfection, cooked perfectly, and was beyond my expectations. Perfect experience at an extremely underrated steakhouse.I wanted to try somewhere new for restaurant week, so when my BF suggested Marmont's Steakhouse I was pretty excited.  Honestly, I've walked by this stretch on Market Street a dozen times and never even noticed there was a steakhouse right there.
Marmont's has a cool vibe and a really interesting interior.  My favorite was the illuminated floor when you first walk in - very cool!  The drink listing was pretty interesting and they had some good craft beers on the list, so we went the beer route.
From the restaurant week menu, we both got the crab bisque, which was awesome.  Big hunks of crab in a delicious bisque.  If this was any indication for the rest of the meal, then we were in for a treat.  For the appetizers, we got the calamari and the cheese steak egg rolls.  I'm not really sure why there were so many compliments on Yelp for the calamari - it was fried beyond recognition.  Literally just tasted like fried batter.  Not a fan.  The cheese steak egg rolls were awesome!  I've had these several places, but Marmont's are the best I had.  So much cheese!  So good!  I highly recommend these.
Moving on to the entrees, I got the NY strip (rare) and he got the ribeye (medium).  Both steaks come out cooked and seasoned perfectly.  Absolutely fantastic!  And the portions were very generous for a restaurant week menu.  The dish came with mashed potatoes that can only be described as complete rubbish.  I just pushed them away and devoured the steak.  We were both really pleased and FULL.
For dessert, we both got the chocolate cake.  He loved it, I thought it was dry.  Whatever - it's a steak house!  I got what I wanted.
I'm not sure I'd go back to Marmont's when it wasn't restaurant week, bc it's a little pricey, but I'd definitely consider going there again if I got some sort of deal or something.  If you haven't been there, I'd suggest checking it out!Waitress forgot water after offering. 2 shots of wine for $18! Appearance was good. Food was delicious. Ordered macaroni and crab meat, didnt get the crab meat. After complaining, I got the crab meat but it was only TWO PIECES  of crab meat. 
A few drunk individuals and kids running around.
We got asked to move tables mid meal because they forgot there was a party scheduled.
$122 on a meal for two.Great steaks. Got the bone-in ribeye. It did not disappoint. Desert was also fantastic. Server was very attentive and fun.Food was great ... we ordered the surf and turf , filet, cheesesteak egg rolls, and calamari. The service was quick! I will def be coming back to this restaurant !Restaurant week: crab bisque was ok, a little artificially thick from the flour? , baked brie was good, mashed potatoes were great,  crab stuffed tilapia on risotto was really tasty, prime rib was tasty and didn't need any sauce. Chocolate cake was a little dry and not very rich but the bread pudding tasted fresh. Overall it was worth the $35Holy yum people! Stopped in for a late afternoon snack with friends. We were a little concerned by the three stars but decided the nice barker and the soothing music was enough to try an appetizer. Ordered three items: French Onion Soup, Steak Spring Rolls, and the Baked Brie. We all shared and everyone was very pleased. So much so that if we didn't already have late dinner plans with friends we would have likely stayed! Everything was well seasoned; the spring rolls crisp and the steak unicycle. We thoroughly enjoyed it all!Took boyfriend there for his birthday but steak and atmosphere is not that good.I went yesterday with a friend. We had a gourmet crab macaroni and cheese appetizer and a few drinks. She had one of the  "fruity, sweet cosmos" on the recommended drink list and I had a Jameson and Ginger. The food and drinks were great. The crab mac and cheese is a bit pricey but is also filling. It had great flavor, a good blend of cheeses, and whole lump crab meat. My favorite so far are the muscles as they give you a good amount and are decently priced. One day I will go back for the steak but I am very particular about my steak so we shall...the food was worth 5 stars. we had reservations but still have to wait an hour for a table it took smother our to have our food served.The crab bisque was amazing. Try the Penn Woods Merlot. Lovely atmosphere too. And friendly staff too.The food is delicious.  The bartenders and hosts are friendly.  Shout out to Yusef the head cook!  Food is fire!I ordered tre rib eye medium it was definatly over cooked and that's such a let down from any steakhouse  also my steak was 45$ not including any sides this place is very expensive and service was not attentive & not the most polite! The steak was delicious but for 50$ we could have went to the Brazilian steak house! Wish it was more affordable and service could be a lot better.Flash rain! Quick just get in the first place you see open! 
Man I wished we didn't come in here. Nothing about our pricey meal yelled flavor to us. But it sure did look good. Too bad for us we can't with only out eyes!  But, I do have a rule. If you finished your plate, then it's ok, life could be worse. When we got the check, I paid it fast. Too little time left tonight to spend it at some mediocre steak house.My last review of Marmont was January 2016. I was back in Philly so I was excited to go there again. The last time was such a great experience.... This time was a let down. First, it was only after I got my order that I heard the other waitress give the specials because mine did not. I got the rib eye with a side of mashed potatoes and Brussel Sprouts. The most important thing is the steak, right? I asked for medium rare it was more toward medium. Also, it could have been trimmed better. There was a fair amount of inedible grizzle that  was left behind. Also, this time the Brussel Sprouts were oversalted and the potatoes were luke warm. I wanted to send it all back, but I don't do that because I fear what I might get back. There were things that were specials that I may have ordered instead, but I was never given the opportunity. I was severely disappointed.Never order from this restaurant unless you want to risk going hungry! My family ordered from them through grubhub in advance for the food to be delivered on Christmas day at 8pm. We received a confirmation that the food was guaranteed to arrive by 8:10pm. No one from the restaurant or grubhub contacted us to let us know there was anything wrong. By 845pm we had all gathered around the dinner table and we're concerned, but decided to wait patiently. We finally got through to grubhub at 9pm and they told us the restaurant was closed the whole day and that we would need to take this up with restaurant management the next day. Marmont had neglected to update their dtatus with grubhub even though they were not open. The grubhub manager sounded confident that Marmont would comp our meal and deliver it the following day free if charge. Now, the following evening after speaking with grubhub and Marmont staff, neither entity feels the need to compensate us as customers who were left without Christmas dinner after ordering it in advance. This is the most despicable way I have ever been treated by a restaurant, and I will surely take my business elsewhere in the future. Maybe Del Friscos next holiday!For the prices a little more money needs to be invested in the environment, quality of food, and execution. The steaks were good but were room temperature. The wait staff does not know the products well enough. The execution of the dishes was mediocre at best.. The grilled vegetable kebobs were overcooked. The lobster bisque was so hot that it burnt my tongue. The sherry reduction for steaks was extremly salty and the cheesecake was horrible. In fact, the establishment should have paid us if we finished the cheesecake. 
Simply not worth the high prices as another reviewer said stick to the established steakhouses.My husband and I found this restaurant last summer during Restaurant Week and was immediately impressed by the menu and aged steak. However, every time we have gone back, I felt like the quality of the steaks were not up to par with our first visit. I do know that many restaurants choose a higher quality cut or meal to highlight during restaurant week so perhaps we had an exceptional experience. I had the NY Strip which was cooked as I requested but dry and lackluster. My husband did enjoy his ribeye but his tastes are less selective than mine. Service was a little slow but I do enjoy the ambiance.I am a pretty easy going guy that  has not forgot where I came from. I had an opportunity to give a a little guy a chance....
My first hint was that I walked into an empty restaurant. What really capped it off is that I went to the bathroom and they had no paper towels for me to dry my hands. I am a really liberal guy but I cannot pay even mediocre money for bottom level service so after I ordered a water I walked out
I really wanted to give this place a chance .This is a tiny bar that charges $30 for a filet. The food is passable but not amazing. We won't be going back because in the middle of our meal, I saw a mouse run across the floor of the dining room. 
If you're thinking of going here, I suggest going instead to one of the more well-known steakhouses in the city, where the service will be better, there will be more seating, and they would have enough pride in their business to not have mice running around.Came here for restaurant week with a very large, loud group of coworkers and we all enjoyed it!  I was a little skeptical because of some of the lower rated reviews, but I have to say, my experience was nothing but great, which is especially unusual for restaurant week when crowds are aplenty and prices go down.
The atmosphere is great - very lowlit and trendy and without being pretentious with white linen tablecloths like some of the more expensive/higher end steakhouses in the city.  Believe it or not, our experience at Marmont FAR exceeded our experience at Butcher & Singer.  (P.S. Did this used to be Red Sky?  The low lighting and arrangement of the place would indicate so).
4 courses for $35 was as follows and not one course disappointed:
Starter soup: Crab Bisque.  I usually hate cream-based soups so I eased my way into this.  Before I knew it, my bowl was gone and I was scraping at the sides for more.  It was creamy, flavorful and delectable.
Appetizer: Fried calamari.  Came in a HEFTY portion for restaurant week and was on point.  Calamari was crispy, not chewy, seasoned well, and that marinara sauce was the bomb.  I've had better in the city, but I was still very pleased.
Entree:  12 oz. NY Strip, requested medium rare.  Actually came out medium rare, which is awesome, and the char/grill/seasoning on the outside was bangin'.  Super flavorful and juicy.  Those chive/garlic mashed potatoes were heavenly.
Dessert: Bread pudding.  It came in a little ramekin and had raisins in it and was butterscotchy and caramely and crunchy and soft all at once - super delish.
Alcohol was pricey (we were treating ourselves, so I didn't care, but I was still like woops, spents more on the wine than I did on the food!  So a $35 per person came to $85 after all was said and done).  Deff worth it though since they had a really expansive wine list and our server was knowledgeable about the wines based on my preference.
Speaking of our server, she was AMAZING!  I wish I can remember her name and give her a shout-out (she was tall and had long hair, if that helps).  Not only was she SO friendly and patient with our 8 person party, but water was always refilled and we never had to flag her down once for more wine. Seriously, she made the experience that much better.
I will 100% return here if I want fancy steakhouse quality without having to dress up in fancy steakhouse attire.  Sometimes I wanna eat my steaks with jeans on, nah mean?If I could give this place less stars, I would. I had reservations for 8:00pm but they didn't even seat us until 8:45!!!!! AND they ran out of some dishes. So,  I left. Ridiculous.Made a reservation 3 weeks in advance, and waited 1 hour 5 minutes for our table. Hostesses were rude and dismissive initially. 30 minutes into our wait we asked "so can you get us a drink while we wait" and the hostess said we could go to the bar. Lightheartedly said "well I hope I won't be paying for it given I'm waiting an hour for a reservation." Hostess rolls her eyes and says "well you can tell them that." I have been to several comparably nice restaurants where hostesses are nice and apologetic if you wait for a table, and compensate appropriately. Definitely will not he returning as the food was subpar and the staff was unwelcoming, and acted as if our inconvenience was not their problem - which as I and anyone else who has worked in the service industry knows - it is. Choose another del Driscos or capital grille instead, as they are friendlier, understand the norms of customer service and have better food despite being CHAIN restaurants.My favorite steakhouse in this city, it's beyond delicious everything I've tried here trust meAs foodies living in Philly for just one year, this is our favorite return to again and again place. It is just so comfortable (think neighborhood gem), and the steaks are top notch. Brussels sprouts are delicious. Habanero sidecar drink is different and has just the right degree of kick. Lisa was our server for my husband's birthday party dinner (6 of us) in March, and she was absolutely wonderful.Sat outside for dinner, as it was a nice enough day.  DH and I shared the large cut of Ribeye, ordered medium rare.  This thick piece of meat came out and was medium rare in some parts and medium in others.  It didn't seem to be a good cut of meat as there were a lot of tough bites.  Flavor was good but just a bit too chewy and tough in many parts.  Side were pretty good though... brussel sprouts, mac&cheese, parmesan fries and mushrooms.  Nothing really wow'd me at all here, so probably would not come back.Myself and others wanted steak it was are last night in Philadelphia after a long week there with the Pope.  My hotel   recommended this place over others. What a mistake slow service. I ordered 16 Oz Ribeye it's al LA carte . It was No way this piece of steak was $ 29 it was fatty .It was cooked medium rare . At the end we all got charged a 18% gratuity everyone had a check. Thank god I don't there .The New Year's Eve menu was great. I got the filet Oscar so delish the crab meat was so succulent. My husband got the rack of lamb and the sauce it came in had me licking my fingers. And the red snapper looked great the surf n turf looked great. I loved the mash. The butternut squash soup was fantastic and the calamari was crispy and the sauce was out of this world 
We got the combo which was eat 3 course all u can drink for 180$ it was great everything the Dj was great we saw the fireworks right outside
We love the manager and the staff it was a memorable evening I will be backthe steaks are good, but the weakest entree we ordered.  the filet and steak oscar were very good, but the rack of lamb (tender and delicious) and the coq au vin were better.  
it was a friend's birthday, and based on my note on our open table reservation, they brought out a complimentary slice of chocolate cake, which was so good we ordered another for our party of four.
it is very small, and dim overhead lighting makes it feel a bit cold.  but we had lovely service and excellent food.This place was...ok. We were a group of seven there on a weekday right after the Fourth of July. We were celebrating two birthdays. The drinks were great, and while the service was sweet and attentive, it took forever to get our food. I have allergies, and when I called to make the reservation, I was told they could cook anything on the menu plain. Six of the seven in our party ordered steaks, and they were happy with them, but no one was blown away.  My husband didn't finish his, and that never happens. The sides were the hidden gem in this meal, as the risotto ( which could have been a meal in itself) was the table's favorite. I ordered salmon, no sauce, and the asparagus, also plain. Some of the best asparagus I've ever eaten, but the salmon was some of the worst. It had that fishy smell that fish isn't supposed to have (if you cook, you know what I mean by this). It then was undercooked in the middle. It was just an altogether bad dish. I left it alone, didn't bother our waitress, as it had taken so long for our food to begin with, and ate my asparagus. The birthday folk were pleased, but we won't be returning.So I stumbled into this place late night. Couldn't really get a vibe on the place either. Just came with a few friends for a quick drink.
I told the bartender to make me a good bourbon drink. The drink was ok, super spicy because he put some type of jalapeo liquor in it. 
The bartender was very nice and seemed to know his drinks. I might come back and try a steak, why not?!We went on a Friday night during restaurant week . We had a reservation for 930 for a party of 8.. we walk in and it's literally abnormally small especially  for a steakhouse I thought... we arrived on time actually and it was my best friends bday dinner. We arrived and was informed our wait would be 20mins due to (making it 950p) a party of 15 who had a 830 reservation just arriving at 930(our reservation slot) just being seated and ordering.. I thought to my self " well I'm sure it will take more than 20mins before this party would be done". We stand at the bar because even the bar was packed with others waiting for their reservations as well (parties of 2 or 3). We ordered a few drinks and once 10pm hit we asked about our seating. We were informed that it would be another 15mins putting us at 10:15p. We pass 10:15pm and we ask for a manager and we inform him of our wait and inconvenience and he appeared flustered and didn't give much of a relief about our table being ready any time soon. He stated that it's the party fault who ran a hour over their reservation and they thought they would be done quicker. We informed him that maybe they shouldn't have allowed them to be seated due to being a hour late and cutting in to our also big party reservation. 
It appeared to be a birthday dinner for the other reservation which made it even longer. Fast forward we were l seated at a smaller table (not our original table )  it is now 11:00pm and ordered our food. The staff was very apologetic and attentive after knowing how long we waited. The bartender with the glasses and dark hair (don't recall her name) even helped our waiter and tended to our every need.. the food was hot and came out quick.
Their cheesesteak spring rolls were great. I also had them lobster bisque we asked for crackers or bread in which the waiter stated that had mine in the house. Why wouldn't bread be offered or crackers with soups , thumbs down for that. 
The seafood Mac was a disappointment to say the least. It was starchy and thick sauce based with a crumb topping. The noodles and severely thick sauce over powered the seafood. I wanted to like it bad. The Marmount salad was the best part of the courses offered.. loved it . My main course was the lobster ravioli.. not bad but the sauce again was thick and not much flavor.. the dessert was subpar.. the bread pudding appeared ore made and over cooked or reheated too many times due to being the end of the night. The chocolate cake was dry and not sweet.. everyone who had the steak had nothing but great compliments. 
Check in here on the yelp app and you get a free signature cocktail .. thumbs up