This place is amazing. First time I have tried Turkish coffee and LOVED it here. The veggie wrap and cheese steak is also great. This place gives off great vibes, there is an entire cafe section within the restaurant. I will definitely make sure to come back to this place if I am in West Philly ever again. 5 stars.This place is unique to say the least. The first time we went, we had reservations and still waited 2 hours to be seated. The manager refused to make anyone leave the place, even patrons who had been there 4 or more hours. 
Needless to say, whatever they lacked in the seating they made up in the excellent food. 
The seven courses are amazing, although i prefer the chicken over the honey lamb. the chicken has a kick to it and is so soft it keeps tearing. I have never has Morocan food more delicious than this. 
One bad thing is that it is cash only... which sucks but like i said the food is so great its worth it.I went Saturday night with a small group of friends, and Marrakesh was quite the experience.  I think with a larger group it would just get better!  
After finding the restaurant in a back alley and knocking on the door to get in, we were seated promptly in the front room.  Reservations would be a good idea on weekend nights especially.  
The food was yummy - not earth shattering perhaps, but definitely a good range and interesting for a fixed course meal.  We chose the spicy chicken and the beef kabobs, and they were probably the best two courses (well besides baklava and mint tea being so awesomely delicious).  We also called ahead and found out that although they now have a full bar, you can still bring in a bottle of wine.  Definitely a good deal - heads up that some of the servers seem rather confused about the policy.
After almost 3 hrs (!) I was full and well entertained - I highly recommend the experience.Absolutely a place to experience.  Tremendous atmosphere, fabulous service, and food that is simply amazing.  Portion sizes are incredible at a price that is exceptional.  You will enjoy every moment!Love this place. My favorite is their eggplant. Will definately go back again..great place to go with a group. You will need a reservation.If you want to be culture shocked, go to Marrakesh. It feels like a really authentic, cultural experience, supplemented by delicious food. The staff and management have been incredibly courteous and solicitous both times I've attended. If you're squeamish about eating with your hands or having to share food, you'll probably want to skip.Cash only; it's $35 per person 6-item fixed menu plus whatever drinks you want to order. Make sure you come with lots of people, reserve in advanced. The seating really creates a communal atmosphere where you can share off the same plate and chill. What an experience, probably one of the most memorable dining experiences you can get here in Philly. Once you're seated, you get your hands washed with rose water while you're surrounded by dim light and cushy blankets. Then, the food rolls out, and man is it good. I've never had chicken this succulent in my life; it literally fell off the bone. Another highlight was the mint tea during dessert, wow. Awesome spot, will be back for another special occasion.One of my favorites to take out of town guests to, or for any special occasion. Intimate setting that it great for conversation and the food is exceptional. Friendly, family-oriented restaurant that you can tell has stood the test of time for a reason. This place is an experience! Be sure to wear stretchy pants because you will be FULL when you leave. :)FAN-TAS-TIC. From the ambiance to the staff to the FOOD, the experience was definitely worthwhile.  Our waiter was very courteous and we felt very welcomed the instant we stepped into the restaurant. There was about 8 of us which is probably the ideal number (8-10) comfortably sat around a round table. 
They started with the hand washing and distribution of towels (yeah we were dressed all nicely which is fine, but keep in mind that your pants might get dirty). The cucumber and eggplant portion (it tasted like beef lol) was delicious, the chicken/egg plate was odd but we liked the flaky stuff as we all choked on the powdered sugar on top haha Then came the meats; we had the mild chicken with olives where, its true, the meat just fell right off the bones, and we had half of the beef kebabs and half of the lamb. The lamb was dry, definitely go with the beef kebabs. The couscous was ok, not really great but it probably would have been better to give that before the meat courses because we were getting stuffed. The desserts were fabulous; incredibly fresh fruit,  yummy baklava, and tasty mint tea. The courses were nicely paced and we were finished dinner in a little over 2 hours. All of this for $25 a person! And if you get the wine carafe ($12), get the white wine. 
Now for those of you interested in the belly dancer, our dancer was not that great. She seemed nice but we weren't really into it. However, the other incredibly drunk parties were (luckily we only had to deal with them for a few courses).
So gather round some friends, pick a date, and fumble through your way to Marrakesh into the alley and the very dimly lit rooms. You'll like what you find.Review Summary: Ambience: 4/5     Food: 5/5       Service: 4/5 
If you're tired of all the fancy Stephen Starr joints around town and need to try something new, Marrakesh is the place to see. Located off South Street, its entrance is a dark maroon door complete with an iron knocker. Please be sure to come with friends; as other reviews have stated Marakkesh's six course meal really packs a punch. 
The food was mouthwateringly GOOD. I came here with one other person (rookie mistake) on a quiet Thursday evening, and the waiters were very attentive to us. Everything was delicious without being overly oily. For our first main course we ordered the Spicy Chicken in Cumin Sauce, and for the second Tajine of Lamb. These dishes are meant to be eaten by hand, which we did, but I saw some tables eating with cutlery. Full disclosure, the fruits do come with their labels unpeeled, though I wasn't too worried about that because they were the juiciest, sweetest batch I've had since coming to the States. 
We were about to leave when the manager (owner?) emerged from the backroom and told us to stick around to see the belly dancer. I thought this was a really nice gesture, as the dancer had been hired by a large group upstairs and he really did not have to share this information with us.  
My one critique, if you can call it that, is directed at Marrakesh's decor. True to its Moroccan roots everything from the furniture to the walls is covered with dark, heavy fabric. Perhaps it is a personal bias, but I found the place to be a little stuffy, and I could not tell how clean everything was. All in all, a MUST TRY!the experience here trumps it all. we celebrated our daughter's birthday on a tuesday evening and were the only people there for a while. the owner/waiter/server was fantastic in explaining the process which really impressed us. $5 cocktails and our 6-course dinner for 3, including soda, 2 cocktails and tea topped the bill at just $100 and that's including the tip. 
yes, it is everything that everyone raves about.
why not 5 stars? well...the food was good, but not like great.
we will definitely go back!This place never sees to amaze me. The Seven course dinner menu is absolutely amazing.I've been coming here since high school and finally made my rounds 6 years later (lets pretend I didn't just say 6 years). 7 courses, $25, byo, eat with yo hands.
For realz this place is awesome. People tend to get a little turned off when they hear moroccan food with your hands. If you're that person, don't come because you'll ruin an awesome experience for your friends. Every course is awesome and the service is just as good.
Theres belly dancers who even get the guests involved. You smirk now, but a bottle of wine in and you're going to be dancing too.Marrakesh is a total package dining experience. Not only do you get to eat authentic Moroccan cuisine, you get to enjoy a cultural experience as well. 
You may have walked past Marrakesh or the surrounding streets many times without even realizing it was there, like I had prior to this visit. It's nestled on Leithgow Street just a notch off of South Street. Forget South Street or even the rest of Philadelphia for that matter. You are about to step into a different world. To enter you must ring the doorbell on the side door. 
I felt more like I was going to a house, than a restaurant; especially with the shower located in the restroom on the second floor. During my entire visit, I never felt like I was at a restaurant. I felt comfortable and relaxed. Maybe eating with your hands with a towel on your lap has that effect. 
I found my group of fellow Yelpers in a cozy private room.  The room had four tables with booth seating along the outskirts of the room. Ottoman like chairs took up the rest of the space for the rest of us. With such a large group in not the largest of spaces, it got loud.
Our meal started with customary hand-washing and we were even entertained twice with a belly dancer. After placing our order, the food kept flowing. The service was probably the most unobtrusive service I've ever had. As one dish was placed in front of us, another was seamlessly removed. I felt like royalty or at least someone enjoying a nice meal at someone's dinner party. The regular dining formalities I'm used to were thrown out the window, and it was fantastic! 
As I'm sure you're aware, this $25 prix fixe menu has seven courses and you are welcome to BYOB. While it was a ton of food, I walked in the door absolutely starving and walked out not overly stuffed. I believe most people left absolutely full, so maybe the tip is to come in extremely hungry. Here's a little rundown of dining experience:
Course 1: Three-Salad Platter- The eggplant is phenomenal (and messy). Luckily you have some assistance from the pita to eat it. The cucumbers and bell peppers and carrots and cucumber were good, but the eggplant stole the show. 
Course 2: The B'stella- As someone who doesn't normally love sweets but loves cinnamon, carbs and meat, this dish was a winner. This dish was dough filled with chicken, nuts, almonds, egg, peppers and onions. It was really hot at first, but once you cracked open the shell and let it cool down, it was easier to eat. I had some pita saved from the first course, so I found it easy to break off a piece and rest it on the pita while it cooled down. Truly a sweet-savory delight. 
Course 3: Chicken- So here's where the choices began. You can either get chicken with lemon or spicy chicken. My group opted to get the spicy chicken with the cumin sauce on the side. The chicken was melt in your hands and then melt in your mouth good. The spicy sauce had a nice kick without being overly spicy to me. I still had some pita leftover so I did a little dipping with the sauce. 
Course 4: Beef or Lamb- My table got a little creative here and asked for half portions of both the beef and lamb. The beef was served shish kebab style, and to be honest, not my favorite. It was a little well done, and I struggled a little to get it off the stick resulting in a pepper flying into my husband's wine glass. Sauvignon blanc tastes best with a little pepper anyways, right? The lamb was perfect. Even the non-lamb eaters thought it was delicious. It was tender and took on the flavor of the chick peas and onions without having an overwhelming lamb flavor. 
Course 5: Couscous with veggies, chick peas and raisins- This was probably my least favorite dish from the main meal. It was a little blander than other couscous dishes I've tried in the past. I would have been disappointed if this was the only thing I ordered, but everything was a hit thus far in the evening. They did give us spoons at this point, so don't worry about eating the little grains with your hands.
Courses 6 & 7: Dessert- I'm assuming the tea, fruit and pastries count as the sixth and seventh courses. At this point in the evening, my bottle of wine had been consumed and I wasn't counting the dishes, and am making this assumption while referencing the menu. I'm not a tea fan so I passed. The pastries were little crisp triangles that reminded me of baklava. The fruit came out frozen was a little hard to eat. I nibbled on a strawberry and took a banana for the road since the majority of the group passed on the fruit. Perhaps the fruit was customary, but I thought a little unnecessary. If it's part of the traditional meal then no harm, no foul.  
To sum it up, I had delicious food and hours of fun. It's an experience not to be missed in Philadelphia, especially if you go with an adventurous group of friends. While I couldn't imagine going to Marrakesh every Friday night, I can definitely pick a handful of occasions that would be a perfect fit.My dad and I just happened upon this place one Saturday night and decided to give it a go. 
You have to knock on the door to be let in, and the inside is gorgeous. Dimly lit, the walls are lined with tapestries. You sit on cushions, and eat an entire seven course meal with your hands (after they have been washed in rose water). Great food and the house wine is really good (and inexpensive). You almost feel as if you were invited into someone's home. A belly dancer even came out in the middle of our meal! 
We went pretty early on a Saturday night, so the fact that we didn't have a reservation wasn't a problem. We went about 5-5:30 and it was completely empty, but it started to really fill up around 7, so if you are going later make a reservation.
The only problem we ran into is that they don't take credit cards. Luckily they do take checks. This place has it all - atmosphere, great food, and good service! Big points for overall experience!Thoroughly enjoyed our dinner here a few weeks ago. Very cool atmosphere and love that you can byob or order wine there. Set menu of multiple courses, with the only option to choose if you wanted beef or lamb for the main course- we chose lamb. Every dish was flavorful and distinct. The belly dancer was fun and the other groups in our room were nice as well. Would definitely go back again.I came to Philly for a weekend trip with my bf, and remembered how great Marrakesh was from years ago with my parents.  It's still down a dark alley off of South Street and in a house (the owners' house) Things have slightly changed- Marrakesh is still dim, and served as a 5-course eat-with-your-hands dinner family style, (as if in Morocco)  surrounded by tons of Middle Eastern decor- runs, lamps, the works. The servers are the owners- a couple who loves to keep it traditional. 
I called ahead for seating at 8pm but it seems as though we could have just walked in- we ate upstairs.  You have to ring the bell to get in. We came on Sunday but it was relatively busy- downstairs was full but upstairs not so much. Maybe it was because we were upstairs...but I felt service lacked a bit (we had to ask for water a few times, etc but I couldn't hold it against the one server- the wife). On Fri and Sat, there are belly dancers. 
If you're new to this kind of thing, they do a good job explaining the process. First, they ran your hands through soapy water from their majestic-looking teapot. Next, they explain the menu and ask you to choose between 1 or 2 course for dishes 3 and 4. You don't have a lot of flexibility.. so I am not sure how vegetarians would fare. 
We ate:
1) Course 1- three salads: picked carrots, cucumbers and an eggplant puree- like a babaganoush. This was very tender, salty and good- the others were not as fancy but very tasty. A large tangine looking thing comes around for you to grab pita. The pita is ok- it's not warm, it's not fluffy but you can't win them all (and it's important not to fill up too much on this)
2) Course 2- Very interesting kind of Moroccan...quiche? It's basically a flaky pastry topped with confectioner's sugar that houses egg, chicken, nuts...and some other things. It was overwhelmingly eggy, but tasty. Not my favorite dish but had to give it points for creativity and uniqueness.  The flaky dough was delish- very similar to that of the Green Spinach Pie.
3) Course 3- was our choice between two chicken (chicken with lemon olive oil or spicy cumin)- of course we did spicy cumin! It was fall right off the bone- so tender as I'm sure it was slow cooked for hours. It's also half a chicken so you get the breast, thigh and wing. The sauce was not too spicy, I thought, but the cumin flavor is smoky and present. The sauce is pretty slathered across the meat- and yes you can refill up on pita if you're not into eating meat solo. 
4) Course 4- is a choice between beef or lamb and since I don't do red meat, I passed on this. My bf ordered the lamb though and said it was very tender and yummy- and sweet. It was topped with almonds and something else that made it sweet. 
5) Course 5- Dessert!  You get fresh fruit and baklava (one piece each). Usually I think baklava is too sweet for me but this one was pretty good- and not too oily. I mean, yes, it was very oily but it wasn't like...drenched in oil. It was pretty flat, cripsy and full of that nutty goodness that you make baklava. Bf said it wasn't nutty enough for him. Again, the flaky dough wins. 
The fresh fruit was also a plus- except our apple was bruised so we didn't eat that. We took our orange for breakfast the next day. There were two strawberries (not really regional, ha) and giant seedless grapes that were almost frozen because it the fruit platter came with a chunk of ice. This was almost like a cornucopia..they really do make you feel like emperor and empress haha!
The meal is well paced (slow) so you have time to breathe.  They sell only a few house wines by the glass; otherwise you get it by the bottle (there are a few varieties at $30 ish, as well as liquor and the like). My bf got two glasses of red wine- the burgandy. It was actually fruity and full of body, which was a plus. I ordered the traditional rose drink which I actually wouldn't recommend- it was really, really sweet. It was like rose syrup (sweet enough), with sugar and water..it was too sweet and at $5, I was upset I couldn't finish it. 
This place accepts cash only and is $25 per person. I feel the menu could get old since you don't have variety but it's definitely a must-try while in Philly.Not much left to say about this place. Awesome dining experience. Great   Moroccan food, but certainly not the best I've ever had. The experience is really the bread and butter here. Bring cash! Also,   Wish they would mix up the menu a bit.Lots of food served piping hot. Eat with your fingers so if you don't have hands it could be problem. 7 courses. The spicy chicken and salad tray were our favorites. Went with group of nine and we were all stuffed at the end. We had 4 bottles of wine but the bill was reasonable. I did not think the Moroccan wine was the best. It was ok but for the price we could have had 2 bottles of a better red. Belly dancer was great and got everyone involved. I taught her a few new moves. Surprise at the end was when the bill came they only took cash! Maybe that was prominent on their web site but I missed it.Honestly this restaurant was one of the most unique experiences that I've had in Philadelphia not only was our waiter extremely nice and very knowledgeable of the customs of Morocco he was very respectful and allowed us to peruse to
through the meal at our own speed. The food was exquisite and unique I loved the music the Decour was excellent and honestly I don't think I've ever had as authentic food as I had here at marketWent as a team outing after work. It was fun, interesting and tasty. The menu is fixed, except for the choice of lamb or chicken. We had the chicken and it just fell off of the bones. The appetizer plate through the mint tea was all delicious. Fun atmosphere. I will be going back soon! I think it was $35 a head.Serious amounts of food. Cute little set up. I recommend trying one of their juice blends, but it's been awhile since I've been so I can't remember which one I tried. 
The 7-course meal was prepared with care and it almost felt like I was a guest in someones home. I recommend this place as a date spot if you're in a dining routine that you'd like to break out of! Also seems like the type of place my aunt and uncle would get a kick out of -- when they visit me from VT I'll be sure to take them here!Marrakesh is like a hidden portal, in the fabric of space of time.  A winter night's meal here was unlike any dining experience I have ever shared with friends and family.  The air in the room has a tingle of electricity and the kitchen's food is a special invitation into a different culture. Marrakesh is truly a magical hole-in-the-wall.It's an experience for sure! From the minute you walk down the tiny street to ring the doorbell to be let in until you walk out so full and wondering what just happened?!  There are no options for a smaller dinner than a 7course meal. There is no menu but you do get to pick between two choices for the two entree courses. There is also no direction as to whether you can take home leftovers (we yelped to find out we could but only after the 5th course), to how much it will cost you ($34/pp w/o alcohol & tip was already included), and to how you can pay. They only take cash. So if you know all this going in you can be prepared. The food and service were otherwise excellent. The atmosphere feels very authentic though I've never been to Morocco myself.Every bite was delicious and I couldn't believe how kindly and un-awkwardly they looked after the vegetarians in the group (myself included).This place is fantastic! I went here for Valentine's Day with my boyfriend and his family. It was such a fun, cozy atmosphere, the waiters were great, and the food was AMAZING! My favorite dish was the phyllo dough pastry, filled with chicken and topped with powdered sugar (I'm sure there were more ingredients in the making of this dish, but I just don't know what they are). It sounds really weird, but it was super delicious! 
We ended up being seated at a table with another couple because the place is actually pretty small, but that wasn't weird. The entire atmosphere was very friendly and all the tables were very close to each other. We were lucky that it happened to be a Friday night because there was a belly dancer there! She encouraged us to get up and dance with her, which was really fun and made us all laugh.
Like all the reviews say, be prepared to stuff yourself! They give you more food than anyone can handle! But it's all amazing, so you can't say no. The restaurant is also BYOB, which is a great plus! The only down side is that it's cash-only, and the bill can get quite high if you have a large group (It was a bit under $50 per person).I went to Marrakesh for my first time Saturday night.  What a cool place! There were many "likes" and a few "dislikes" to my experience here, which really should deserve 3.5 stars, but I'm rounding up just because of the authenticity of this dining experience. 
Likes:  The atmosphere inside the restaurant was absolutely amazing.  You really feel like you're inside someone's living room, eating a home cooked meal.  The rooms are well segregated from each other, so each party gets their own private dining experience.  The decor is authentic, with drapes covering all the walls.  The music was fun, the belly dancer was a lot of fun also.  
FOOD:  The eggplant in the opening salad dish was probably the best eggplant you will ever eat.  My other favorite course was the lamb, it was so tender and fell right off the shank.  The couscous was also good, and so was the whole roast chicken, which was also some of the most tender fall-off-the bone chicken ever.  
Dislikes:  We arrived in a group of 15.  We had to stand outside in the 20 degree weather until all members of our party arrived.  We were outside in the freezing cold at least 15 minutes.  The least they could do is set a heat lamp outside since waiting outside seemed like it happens to everyone.  Once we were seated, it took 10-15 minutes to receive wine classes.  We had about 10 bottles of booze on our tables we brought, and couldn't get glasses after asking 3 different times.  We were wishing we could drink straight from the bottles!  The napkins (whole towels) also took a long time to receive.  When  you eat with your hands, and there's no silverware, you'd think napkins/towels would be the first item they give you once the food arrives.  
FOOD:  The beef kbobs were far too over-cooked, hard to chew.  That was the only food that I didn't like the entire night. 
Overall, the length of my dislikes paragraph is misleading to a 4 star review.  But, like I mentioned overall, the dislikes don't outweigh the overall really cool dining experience here.  I would recommend everyone to try eating here at least once.  It was fun, and very unique.
NOTE:  CASH ONLY.  BYOB.  Entire meal was $25/person + tip.  Very good price for lots of food.I've been here twice. Once for a friend's birthday and this past weekend for my boyfriend's birthday/Valentines Day.
Let me start off by saying that the food is amazing. There were no complaints in that department. 
However, I had made reservations for the later seating over a month beforehand. Because of budget stuff and the fact that we live in the suburbs, we really don't get out for things like this often and were really looking forward to a little romantic dinner. We arrived in plenty of time for our reservation. But because of overcrowding, we had to sit communally with two other couples. I wouldn't be so upset about this if we were told ahead of time that there would be a chance of this happening, but they decided after having us sit there in our coats for 10 minutes and didn't really give us a decision in the matter. It really did put a damper on the evening. Luckily, the other two couples were great people and we had some great conversation. And they did serve us as three separate parties of two, so we weren't sharing the plate with a bunch of strangers. 
But then, they decided to include the mandatory 18% for parties of 6 or more despite billing and serving us separately, which was a huge slap in the face. Unfortunately, they lost out, because even when I tip low, I tip more than that.
I love to support smaller businesses and this restaurant is truly unique. But I can't help feel sour about our treatment there. You would think that after being in business for so long, they'd figure out how to handle situations like this. It really is unfortunate.This place is such a gem. We originally made a Saturday night reservation for two but I felt sick pretty last minute and we had to cancel (which they were really nice about). I was feeling a lot better by Monday so I called them that morning to make a reservation. They don't open until 5pm, so I was pleasantly surprised when they picked up my 10:50am phone call! When we arrived for dinner that night at 6pm, we realized that there was no need to make a reservation as the place was completely empty. A couple showed up as we were finishing our dessert, and they were the only other diners we saw all night.
Like many Yelpers have said, dining at this place feels like you're eating in someone's home. You eat everything with pita bread, which the waiter just left on the table next to ours since there was nobody else around.
Course 1. Trio of salads (eggplant, cucumber and tomato, carrot) - SO GOOD. This could've been a meal by itself.
Course 2. B'Stella (a pie with chicken, eggs, cinnamon, topped with powdered sugar) - It sounds weird and it is weird. Some people love it, but it just wasn't my thing. 
Course 3. Chicken (mild or spicy) - We went with mild. So tender, perfectly spiced and yummy!
Course 4. Beef kebab or lamb - We couldn't decide so our waiter let us try both! While I did enjoy the taste of the beef, it was too tough and hard to chew. The lamb is cooked with honey and almonds so I didn't think I'd enjoy it that much (meat + sweet aren't my favorite combo) but I loved it! It didn't taste too gamey and the meat fell right off the bone...mm, perfection. 
Course 5. Couscous with vegetables, chickpeas and raisins - It was good but I was so deep in my food coma that I don't remember much about this dish. I didn't love the addition of raisins though.
Course 6. Bowl of assorted fruit - I love ending any meal with fresh fruit, but I wish they had been cut up. This was literally just a giant bowl of fruit, like apples, oranges, grapes and bananas. There was so much variety but at that point I had no desire to peel an orange or deal with a whole apple. Call me lazy but I would've much preferred to eat a smaller portion of a fruit salad or something.
Course 7. Baklava and mint tea - I don't really like baklava in general, but this was really good. And the mint tea was the best I've ever had. We had a few cups of that before we headed out!
Our waiter was really attentive but didn't hover around or rush us. Not sure if that's because we were the only people there, but hopefully it's like that when the place is more crowded! The food is flavorful, the service is warm and polite and the price ($25/per person + tip) is a great deal. All in all, a really unique experience. I'd love to go back on a weekend when it's more lively!It's been four years since I last paid a visit to Marrakesh and I did not regret saving one of my precious meals on this short weekend getaway to Philadelphia for Marrakesh.
Again, all the dishes were outstanding - the eggplant, carrot and vegetable salads. The pull-apart tender meats. The savory-sweet pastilla. Because all meals are pre-fixe, the dishes come out lightning fast without compromising on quality.
A word of caution - its cash only, and while it's $25 per person, this is pre tax and tax is 18%.
Can't wait to return to Marrakesh the next time I'm here!I went Marakkesh with my friend. I am really amazed with the atmosphere and delicious Moroccan food. 
I live in NY butI never tasted such a good food. 
The folks and personnel are really good and they love their work,
When I ate the Chicken and lamb with my friend, the degree of happiness was at the highest.
GO THERE WITH A FRIEND AND SHARE HAPPINESS BY ENJOYING THE FOODI wanted to like this place as the food was good but they crammed our party of 11 into a single booth which ruined the night. On top of that, the portions were not sized right for our group so most left hungry and the service was poor. The oddest thing of the night was they kept locking the door to the restaurant despite it being middle of service (7pm). Would not recommend.Excellent service! An absolutely one of a kind experience in the heart of Philly. The best baklava I've ever had! So many delicious courses. We didn't even question what was coming out! Keep it coming! So, so good. Great for birthdays and special occasions!Amazing experience.  The food, atmosphere, presentation and service are outstanding.  Dinner is served in courses and I recommend making a reservation for your party.  The owners will go out of their way to make it an unforgettable night.I literally could not walk out of this restaurant- I was beyond comfortably full!! This place is fantastic for large groups. It fits the bill of what one may stereotypically expect from a Moroccan restaurant- dim lighting, loads of pillows and tapestries, and belly dancers of course... 
The food is what shines here. You're given the option of vegetarian or meat, with a few options for each course. Its all family style and the portions are beyond ridiculous. You wash your hands at the beginning of the meal and basically use your hands for the entire meal- yep no utensils here. This worked out great until super hot meat platters were brought to the table. Hmm how do I eat this without suffering 2nd degree burns?  Of course- the bread! Stock up on bread early- it comes in handy later on. After a few courses we wondered whether the meal would be coming to an end within the next three hours. It seems like they kept bringing more and more food out.
So many many hours later the meal finally did come to an end. I walked out with enough leftovers to feed a small village. Its BYOB so bring a ton of wine- the meal is long, but well worth it!!!Great service and the entries are AMAZING. The honey lamb and spicy chicken make me feel like a small child on ChristmasThe Food:
Best check yourself, before you wreck yourself...this is a seven course meal of pure deliciousness, including deconstructed salads, meat pie (an oddity, but very tasty), chicken, lamb, couscous, and dessert pastries. All of it is screaming with flavors ranging from creamy and savory, to oily and spicy, to fruity and tangy, to sweet and salty ;and all of it tastes freakin' fantastic. Thus, I am strongly advising you pace yourself. Everything we ate at the restaurant was so unique, each course deserves its own review. Thus, it will have to suffice to say that the meal was excellently prepared and even if the overwhelming amount of food could not be finished, it was taken home.
The Atmosphere:
As this was my first experience with a Moroccan restaurant, I'm not sure if all Moroccan restaurants will have this theme, but the mood was very enchanting, romantic, and relaxed. I highly recommend this restaurant as a place for a romantic or private dinner with your partner. Although passageways are somewhat narrow and it is difficult to see some of the surfaces around you, it only adds to the charming character of the restaurant. The owner and staff put out a true effort to make you and yours feel special. From the secretive entrance off South Street  to the rose water hand bath prepared before meals.
The Price:
The prices here are probably the most affordable you will find in Philadelphia for such a foodie experience. A seven course meal for two people (though plenty for 3-4) and two rose water drinks was ~$74, which included tip.
The Service:
The service was almost as intimate as the restaurant, as your waiter/waitress typically kneels or sits down before you, carefully explains the components of the meal, and frequently checks in on you. The greeting at the entrance was very personable; a few knocks on the ornate black door will summon the staff to escort in through the drapes and off to a very nice evening.We happened upon this restaurant while looking for somewhere to eat on south street. What a happy accident! After knocking on the door and being greeted by the manager/owner? We were transported into an authentic Moroccan experience with tapestry covered walls, carved painted tables and pillow topped benches bordering the walls. The food surpassed all expectation. Moist, flavorful, highly complex tastes, on simple dishes. We were served 7 courses and had one choice of meats making it easy to order for the morrocan food novice. Do not go here for a light meal, but if you'd like to enjoy all that is eating and drinking come to Marrakesh for a night you will never forget!Just finished our birthday celebration for 8. I rarely review restaurants but I feel compelled to comment. First cash only- what?  I had to trudge two blocks to an ATM. 
Second- you are literally sitting on top of the party next to you. It's tight. Tight tight tight. If they're a bunch of millennial college grads talking about grad school and complaining about penn vs Drexel in very loud voices your dinner experience will be ruined. 
Third do not come here if you don't want to climb stairs. We were seated on the third floor. Did I mention tight tight tight?
Fourth the belly dancer came around once for one minute. The reason we booked it was to experience some entertainment for a birthday celebration. Very disappointing. 
The food was fine. Best course was the first one. It sort of went downhill from there. 
Thee was a hundred people outside waiting to get in so I'm sure my review won't matter but...never again.The staff is friendly, the food is 7 courses and HUGE servings, great for a large group, and the belly dancer was a nice touch for a fun atmosphere.The food here was so delicious there is no doubt that i will be returning. There were four of us when we went here and next time i want to get two more to join because there was so much food i couldn't finish It all! They give you a towel for your lap and you can take as much bread as you want, the whole meal is eaten with the bread and your hands. If you split the bill with everyone the price isn't bad at all. Also amazing atmosphere can't wait to go back!The friendliest and most welcoming staff I've ever encountered. Despite waiting an hour for our reservation, we enjoyed a delicious authentic Moroccan dinner, complimentary wine and belly dancing entertainment. 
Also loved the decor and Arabic music is a plus.... I cannot wait to come back!Marrakesh is an experience.  You have to ring a bell to be let into the restaurant.  Once you order, the servers come to the table with warm rose-water which they pour over your hands to clean them.  Then they lay big towels over your lap to wipe your hands on because your fingers are your utensils here.  it's awesome. Big, Moroccan rugs cover the walls, ceiling and chairs.  
The food is soo good.  The lamb with almonds and honey is mouth-watering.  The five-course meal is huge, so come hungry and wear loose clothing, cus' your gonna expand!Marrakesh is an experience unlike any other restaurant could give you.
Let's start with the fact that you have to ring the doorbell to this place before even getting in. If that's not enough to make you feel like you're in for something unique, I'm not sure what is.
So I won't get into huge detail but the jist of it is this- 7 courses. $33 after tax/tip. You eat with your hands off of a communal plate so make sure you bring your friends who wash their hands after going to the bathroom. The occasional belly dancer may shimmy through as well.
This place is 3 stories high and I only got a glimpse of the top two. I have to say they were very cool looking and there were plenty of spaces for big groups. 
Ok, so I noticed that this whole review (which I was about to end) didn't even mention the food. The food is pretty good. I wouldn't go back for the food alone. The chicken is melt in your mouth delicious, but nothing really wows me. But it's definitely a place to take out of town guests if you really want to give them a unique and fun experience.Food: The food was amazing. I went with a party of 5 which seemed to be a great size for this dining experience and everyone of us loved the food. We were all first timers at Marrakesh and we also had never tried Moroccan food and we were all pleasantly surprised by how tasty the food was. Standout dishes: the salad (omg so good). The chicken. You can order the chicken mild or spicy or get the spicy sauce on the side. It was amazing and tender. The kabob. We tried lamb and beef which were both very flavorful. The lamb was literally falling off the bone. I highly recommend the lamb. Fresh fruit at the end. Who doesn't love fresh fruit?  You get a total of 7 courses so pace yourself.
Ambience: The restaurant is very intimate. It feels very exclusive especially because of the location. It's technically a street but it feels like an alley way. I've literally walked by this street maybe 200 times and never thought anything of it. They have (I'm guessing Moroccan) music playing which is very ear friendly. The design of the place alone is enough to make you want to go back. It's beautiful. This place makes you feel like you're right in Morocco.
Service: The people who worked there were so pleasant and hospitable. Great service.
They are byob so take your choice of beverage and you will surely enjoy yourself. The price is $30-35 /personThis place is not the typical restaurant! It actually looks like a brothel inside except all the private rooms are dining rooms, not that I've frequented a lot of brothels in my time. Awkward. lets move on. 
So you get a big group of people (not for a gang bang... this is not a brothel) and you make sure to make your reservation in advance because you won't be eating here other wise. once you're seated the rest takes care of itself. Its like a tasters menu where you get 10 courses of food that is plopped in front of you ready to be massacred by your hands (I really don't remember using tools to eat? Was I that Drunk?) Needless to say the food tastes amazing (not because I was drunk that day.. I've been here a few times) the service is incredible the belly dancer does her thing, but most importantly you come here for the company!!!This 7 course meal restaurant is delicious! You really get the full Moroccan experience. The service is amazing (brings flatbread every 10-15 minutes), there is belly dancer, and great atmosphere!
It is a great place if you want to just experience outside of the 'norm'Great food! Simple and delightful atmosphere. Definitely going back. Didnt rnkoy the lamb as much as I hoped I would. Next time going with the kabobs. 7 courses all for $33 after tax and tip. Great deal. Don't eat lunch that day.Marrakesh is obviously all about the experience. From the low-key location on Leithgow Street to the doorbell you have to ring and wait to be greeted before entering. The interior is dimly lit and full of vibrant colors from tapestries and decorated pillows that adorn the seating areas. Our party of six was seated in a backroom upstairs - incredibly comfortable and got me excited for the meal.
The waiter first arrives and asks for very few decisions about the 7-course meal. We opted for the spicy chicken and then the lamb entree, accompanied by a vegetarian option for our one friend. We also ordered two carafes of cheap wine - $12 each. The waiter then returns with a partner carrying a giant metal bowl with a teapot on top. He asks that everyone puts their hands in the center of the table then pours water over them and asks you to wash up; a towel is placed over everyones' hands to dry off. They soon return with smaller towels that are draped over your laps in indication of the messy meal that will soon begin.
The first course is a three-salad platter consisting of cucumber and tomato - coriander marinated carrots and cooked eggplant in tomato sauce. They bring out a giant basket full of pita breads and offer you to take as many as you'd like. This salad was delicious and probably my favorite part of the meal. Next is a giant pie made of phyllo dough stuffed with scrambled eggs, parsley and ground chicken. It's topped with powdered sugar and cinnamon. This wasn't well received because the chicken was sparse and the dish was too sweet overall. It was also very hard to eat the crumbly ground chicken and eggs with your hands.
Two main courses are presented - the first being an entire roasted chicken covered in a spicy cumin sauce. This chicken was delicious, perfectly cooked but the skin was not crispy enough for my taste, fortunately it was easy to remove. Next is a roasted lamb shank off the bone, covered in honey and slivered almonds. The meat was cooked well but like the chicken pie, this dish was way too sweet for my tastes. Finally is a couscous with chick peas, raisins and shredded chicken. I prefer my couscous sticky and salty but this was very sweet and moist, almost stew-like.
For dessert you are brought a plate of bananas, oranges and apples, a plate of delicious baklava and very sweet hot mint tea.
Overall Marrakesh is a lot of fun - you get to experience a traditional Moroccan meal and have plenty of time to relax and chat with your friends. I would have prefered less sweet and more savory dishes but others might disagree. Expect to spend around two hours eating. After wine we thought it was a bit pricey but still not too bad for the city - it came to about $37 a person including tip.Dining at Marrakesh was a wonderful, authentic experience. The atmosphere was cozy, with colorful tapestries and low couches and tables. As for the food, all the courses were good, but a few were great. The phyllo dough/egg pie was a highlight, as was the lamb with honey and almonds. The mint tea to finish is always a favorite; I can never quite get it to taste the same at home. Since there's no real menu to speak of, service is quick, and the host and waiters were friendly and helpful.The experience of dining at Marrakesh truly begins before you even step into the restaurant.  You have to use the big door knocker on the brightly painted door to signal that you're there, and the this big Morroccan man opens the door slowly and lets you in.  Creepy? maybe.  Did I love this? absolutely.  The restaurant is quite dim, and there are these round tables with circular couches that surround them.  We ate upstairs since we had a large party.  The restaurant isn't technically BYOB since they do serve alcohol there, however we brought bottles and they were more than happy to open them for us.  The first course was enough to fill my belly with deliciousness: eggplant, cucumber, carrots--OH MY.  Absolutely perfect.  I loved the fact that you used pita as your utensils, very old school--very awesome.  The 2nd course was amazeballs (can't for the life of me remember what its called.... doesn't matter though).  The 3rd course we got the chicken which was spicy but not overwhelming.  Perfectly seasoned.  The meat literally fell right off of the bone and was so perfectly juicy.  I'm drooling on my keyboard as I write this.  We then got another course of beef kabobs and the lamb.  The lamb meat melted in your mouth, and the beef was perfect.  We then got the most perfectly cooked couscous, and then got the fruit platter and baklava.  Food coma in 3...2....1....... I'm definitely going back on a weekend sometime to experience the belly dancer.  AMAZING.This is another time I wish Yelp had the 1/2 star option. If so, Marrakesh would be 3.5 stars.  
I have seen this place quite a few times off of 5th and South but this was my first visit. We were a quasi, unofficial bachelor party for my wife's nephew and probably the strangest and most unlikely grouping for a "wolf pack" ever, but that is another story. The inside is pretty cool and with the tiles, pillows, decor it seemed almost as if we had walked into someone's house in Morocco. The staff was super friendly and very polite and explained Marrakesh has been open for 30 years. Middle Eastern music and Moroccan pop songs played softy in the back ground.
The food on the whole was  good. As others has explained the menu is more or less prix fixed and the choices are limited. The staff gives you some modification options but not much. The only down point food wise was our beef kebab was tough and over cooked. Everything else, especially for a bulk serving style was very good. To check out Marrakesh's menu on their webpage http://www.marrakesheastcoast.com/menu.pdf
Marrakesh has a belly dancer on Friday and Saturday nights and that was interesting. One of our group was Egyptian and he said she was quite outstanding. I wouldn't know good belly dancing from bad, so I can't really confirm. The dancing was tasteful and not raunchy.
One other thing of note is that with some Mid Eastern and North African cuisines, silver ware is in absentia. Guests are encouraged to eat with their hands as the custom in Morocco. All adding to a unique and sometimes a slightly messy experience.
The pricing was pretty reasonable, we were a little under $50.00  per person with 2-3  beers each and gratuity included. Marrakesh does have a small beer and limited drink menu. Marrakesh was doing a brisk business with groups like ours, well no group was quite like ours, but with large parties anyway. Marrakesh is cash only.
To end the night, we were served fruits, baklava and mint tea. It was really a cool place and we all had a good time. I am not in a hurry to return to Marrakesh but for a unique or special occasion it is pretty cool.Food was awesome, friendly staff, and fun for groups!This is my first time eating Moroccan food and it has to be one of my favorite foods (beside sushi). I love how everything wasn't too heavy. There was a lot of vegetables and really yummy meat. My favorite had to be the eggplant salad thing (even though eggplants are definitely not my favorite). It was sooooooooooooooo delicious!!! I've never had veggies taste like that. It went very well with the bread.
This kind of dining is definitely DIFFERENT. You're basically sitting down on the floor with a round table. I'm a stickler for proper table etiquette and this place breaks every rule, but it's their culture so I'm open to it. You eat with your HANDS. No utensils. You mix and drop the food with your bare hands onto the bread. But you can wash your hands in the rose water (which smells super intoxicating, i love it!).
There's not liquor there, but BYOB and you'll have a lovely time!This was my first time eating Moroccan food and my second restaurant since I have been in Philly (8 days to be exact). The experience, coupled with the food, forces me rate this restaurant 5 stars!
From the moment we arrived, we felt like a guests that had been invited into someone's home. We were greeted at the street by a man who opened the door and invited us in, just as you would a friend who was in from out of town. The man explained the menu and gave us a few options. We chose to have the spicy chicken option and beef kabobs. 
Every dish was well presented and full of flavor! There were 6 in all! They came out at a slow tempo which allowed us to savor each dish and anticipate what was to come next!  There wasn't one I didn't like; my favorite was the couscous...it came out as the 5th course. This dish can sometimes be dry and grainy, but it had a savory sweet flavor to it!
The only down side is it is cash only, but the staff politely pointed us to the nearby ATM machine (literally 150ft away). 
I would definitely go back and recommend it as a date night and a place for groups. There is not a lot of seating on the main level, so you may want to arrive around 6 to be guaranteed a seat for your party.One of my favorite places to take people when they come to town.  Unique place tucked away on a side street in Society hill, the food is good, cheap and just keeps coming.  The second "dish" is my favorite, but lets be real anything with powdered sugar is amazing.  It's $70 for two people, which includes tax and tip.  It's BYOB, but you can also buy booze there is you want.  I don't love the belly dancers roaming the restaurant, but I am sure I am in the minority there.  
If you have a chance, definitely worth a trip.  Just remember, it's cash only.This spot was a really cool place to catch a unique and delicious dinner!
It's located a few blocks off of the main drag and down an alley. It certainly adds to the mistake of the place. Upon entering, we were greeted by a number of thick curtains that lead into the dining room. The dining room is dimly lit, and has some incredible Moroccan decor. Everyone sits on pillowed benches on which you can easily recline and there's a common small table that everyone it's from. It's very authentic! There's seating for around30 people in the downstairs dining area and an equally large dining room upstairs.
The Decour definitely heightens the food experience here as well. Everything is served from what is effectively a family-style menu. The five courses included pita with roasted vegetables - the roasted eggplant is absolutely incredible, a delicious puff pastry dish, some spicy chicken which was not too spicy and was incredibly flavorful, lamb dish, a beef dish, fruit and some of the best baklava we've ever had! Everything was good to great, the lamb was a bit overdone but had a good char.
Everything came out on platters and we shared throughout. If you're somebody who doesn't like other people touching your food, this probably isn't for you, but if you're cool with it it's delicious.
The drink options included rosewater, which was delicious, as well as plenty of beer and wine options. There was another Moroccan drink that was seasoned with Anis and was very tasty. 
Overall, this place was really solid. The food was very good, but I didn't totally blow us away.The ambience, Decore and food combination though made this a really solid place and one we would absolutely come back to if we lived in town. Keep up the great work folks!This is an experience, not just a meal.
Found in an alley-ish way of south street, Philadelphia, when you walk in, you are immediately transported to Morocco with the endless of carpets and tapestries hung on the walls, the music, and very dim lighting. 
About three floors, there are some private rooms if you have large parties - which they are very accommodating. Also have I mentioned it's BYOB (this is why Philadelphia is the best) - so feel free to bring whatever. They will provide the wine glasses and ice.
Now to the food. It is like an 8 course meal and I believe standardized - so being there  my second time, I knew what to expect. Served family style and without utensils so be prepared to just dig in with your hands - be careful the dishes come out very hot.
All the courses are great, some better than others. The lamb on the bone (forget what course number that was) is insanely good. No worries if you're a vegetarian, they are super accommodating and will bring out a separate plate for you. Some people love the 2nd course but I'm not the biggest fan - some type of powdered sugar pastry with eggs/chicken mix in it. Definitely keep an open mind here and just take in the experience.
There are also belly dancers that will come around and dance for your party. 
The atmosphere is conducive for large parties! 
Definitely on the pricier side - ends up being about 30 bucks per person, so do know you are paying for the entire experience, not just the food. Also, FYI, it is cash only... which kinda sucks
I would suggest everyone come here at least once!Wow!   Awesome food!  Great service!  Top notch entertainment!   Great place for a night out with friends.  Unique experience.   Highly recommended.A quaint out of the way place. 
You come to this establishment for the experience more so than the food. No belly dancer the night I was here. 
The food is good, nothing absolutely outstanding, but nothing terrible either. 
I highly suggest you attend this restaurant with a group of friends, not just a couple more like four plus. You then will enjoy the experience more with your friends,I can't believe I've waited this long to write a review about Marrakesh. 
Go to this restaurant for a 7 course meal, for about $40 pp. On the weekends they have belly dancers walking around. Also, you can bring a nice big bottle of wine because you'll probably be there for a good hour and a half. 
The oasis carrot salad that comes in the first course is amazing. I tracked down the recipe (Bon Apetit) and make it weekly for myself. For the meat course I always get the chicken with lemon and olives. I don't know how they make that chicken but it is ridiculously moist. Also, I looked up the recipe for the B'stella pie but I haven't ventured to try and make that yet. 
This is a great place to come for a date, or even with a large group. They have a bunch of little intimate seating areas that are perfect for any occasion. Also, you will eat with your hands so it might not be ideal for germaphobes.Finally got to try this place this weekend and boy was it an experience. 7 courses. all in a big vat in the middle of the table eating with your hands. It was a blast. Definitely go with a big group and bring some wine as it's a byo. The phyllo wrapped chicken was probably my favorite. There's belly dancing (only on the weekends apparently) which made it one of the best evenings in a long time. You get a big towel napkin because of how sloppy you get and they wash you down with rose water. It is simply just a wonderful place I will be sure to return.Everything about this place was amazing. From the atmosphere, to the wine, to each course. Every time the waiter brought something to our "table" (large gold platter) we said "this is my favorite!" Make sure you pace yourself and save room for baklava and mint tea at the end.I really like this place. It's one of the best places to go with a group in Philly, I think. The food that they serve here is really so delicious.and it is all at a most ridiculously good price. I've been here twice - the first time they ran out of the naan-like bread (!!what!!) and the second time was thankfully perfect. Unfortunately, little did I realize that when you come to Marrakesh multiple times in a row, you get the exact same food each time. And for me, that is enough for me to not come back again. BUT, that should not deter you from coming to this place. If it's your first time, I'm so excited for you. But if it's your second time, hopefully you're here for a special event; otherwise I'd tell you to go somewhere else.Marrakesh is a fun place to bring a group. Make sure you get a belly dancer for the full experience. 
The vibe they're going for is a traditional Moroccan meal at someone's home. You have to ring the doorbell, and a fez-wearing waiter will let you in. Before the meal, they bring you rosewater in which to wash your hands (because you'll be eating with them). You get a 7 course meal, which your whole party shares. There is a set price per person, and I believe it's cash only.
I've been here with 2 sets of coworkers, and I'd happily go back with another group.Came here for a friends birthday on a Wednesday night, party of 13. We were seated upstairs and we were the only people there so we could be as loud as we wanted. A very different experience, so much food!!! Favorite courses were the three salad appetizer and spicy chicken. Loved the fruit platter at the end, they weren't joking about.  We didn't have any belly dancers since it wasn't the weekend but totally fun and worth a visit for something other than traditional American.This was a really cool experience and I'm really glad I got to try Marrakesh. However a few things - this place is cash only! Although a previous review on yelp said that the 7 course meal cost $25 including tip, I actually paid closer to $35 so watch out for that. Also, it's in a really tiny alley so ask your uber to drop you off or pick you up at a more accessible corner if you can. Other than that, it was fun trying to eat without utensils or plates. I wasn't a fan of this powdered sugar chicken dish we got, but everything else was great - especially loved the tea here. Also there's a belly dancer!Very cool place. You walk into what seems like a living room with couches and round coffee tables as the dining tables. 
You eat the entire meal with a towel on your lap as a sort of large body-napkin. This is different, but useful as you're eating solely with your hands and that can get quite messy. 
As for the food: all 7 courses were very good and I personally loved the variety. You did not have to pick one entree but rather got the full spread of Moroccan cuisine. Loved the lamb although it's a pretty fatty meat. Finished it off with a hot cup of mint tea. 
Oh yeah, and there was a belly dancer which certainly added to the whole experience. I would recommend this as a great group outing or date night if you want a cultural experience and something different from your ordinary dining options. 
FYI: cash only. Had to sneak out and hit up the atm across the street in the smoke shop. Ended up buying some hookah to keep the "mellow" vibe going. 
Definitely check this place out.I have been here once before and remember not being that impressed. This time on the other hand we had a great time. I enjoyed all the dishes and ordered the lemon chicken and lamb. The first plate was excellent. I really enjoyed the eggplant dish with pita. My recommendation would be to go early and sit on the first floor it's much more comfortable.I love this place - because it is exactly what it is supposed to be: nothing more, nothing less.
The food is amazing, the price is cheap, and the decor authentic. They have the best baklava I've ever tasted, and the chicken is incredible. E servers are friendlyMarrakesh serves 7 courses for only $25, but that's not what makes it so amazing. Eating here is like being transported into someone's home in Morocco, with the ornate tapestries on the walls and the cozy, dark ambiance. 
Our group of 8 was seated upstairs in a small circular sofa area. There was a large table in the middle for everyone to share food. We had two vegetarians in our group, and the waiter easily accommodated for them. There are no utensils or plates -- you just grab food off the table in the middle. 
In terms of the food, prepared walk out very full. They give you as much pita as you want, but be careful not to fill up on one of the earlier courses (although their eggplant appetizer is absolutely amazing). Dessert for us consisted of a baklava and a giant bowl of fruit.
Overall, good food, even better atmosphere. I've already recommended this place to many of my friends. It's the experience of eating here that makes Marrakesh so wonderful, and I'll definitely be back in the near future.I tried out this place because of the rating on Yelp and everybody review about how wonderful this place is. It did not meet up to my expectation. The food was tasteless.  Nothing really "wowed" me. the Lamb and chicken was not seasoned to perfection..I expected the meats to be roasted/grilled or something and seasoned well. The only thing that was seasoned was the eggplant.
 You are charged about 35 dollar per person even though the meal is shared amongst your group of friends.
I could have went to another place and purchase good food half the price of what i paid at the Marrakesh. 
On the flip side staff was attentive and kind, belly dancer was really entertaining.This place was great! The food is spectacular and it just keeps coming (7 courses!) a little hard to find (as the door is locked which threw us off a little). Also watch out for the surprise show halfway through dinner! The only reason this isn't a 5 star review is because it took about 10 minutes for us to get a water refill (which was tough for some of us after spicy food!) otherwise extremely reasonably priced for a great experience!I absolutely love this place. 
My school's end of the year dinner was located at this place and the name rang a bell. After thinking about it more, I realized I have been here before about 5 years ago for a birthday party. At that time, I remember it being delicious and it was something unique because we ate with our hands. Also there were belly dancers there! 
When I went again recently (a week ago), I had an emergency so I had to leave right after. I called the restaurant earlier in the day to let them know I probably would not be able to make it. But the owner insisted I came in to get the food packed. I obliged, and glad I did! 
We had a party of 25 at least, and we all got seated at around 3 huge round tables upstairs. I stayed for the appetizer, which was actually just what I had remembered 5 years ago! And just as delicious. Good to know that some things don't change :) This was just #1 in our 7 course meal that we had gotten as a group. 
I had to leave after this meal and asked for a to-go box. To my surprise, I got 5 boxes to take home. I went back and opened each box. I got plenty of food. I got the chicken, which was marinated so delicious. I also got lamb, which at first I was hesistant about since I don't enjoy lamb particularly, but I don't know what it was, but this lamb was ...differently marinated? cooked differently? I'm not sure what it was, but I kept eating the lamb! It was so good! First time I will say that. 
I also got some desserts- a egg dessert with a pastry covering it, it was something I've never had before, but very delicious. 
And then I topped it off with the dessert, which was a honey, very sweet, dessert- it was delicious, but I couldn't see myself eating too much of it because it was very sweet, but the amount he gave me was perfect. 
I had forgotten about this place, but ever since coming here again, I would definitely think of this place again, especially for big parties. The owner was so nice and gave me such a good amount of food to eat. He was very nice about the whole situation. The variety of food is also just so good. I'll come back again for sure! Hopefully earlier than 5 years :)I've always been adventurous where food is concerned. Growing up in a multicultural paradise allows you to try new things all of the time. My husband can be a little hesitant, so when I described this place to him I promised that this experience would be worthwhile. As the driver dropped us off, we began to worry that we were in the wrong place until we saw the sign. You must knock and wait for the doorman, who is an extremely kind man. Once there is available space, you are whisked into what almost feels like another world. The smells, and small intimate settings alone made me happy. We were taken to the top floor and placed in a dimly light room with two other parties. I was worried that this would be awkward or "too crowded," but everything turned out fine. I had mentioned to my husband that they only accepted cash, and that the meal is 25 per person. Upon seeing this price in reviews I wondered if we would be full after the meal. We were full by the third course! There are technically seven courses (but some would not count the dessert of fruits and baklava as a course). There are no utensils, but that didn't stop us from digging right in. I started to wonder if we would get a visit from the belly dancers that seemed to only exist downstairs, when suddenly we heard cheering from the next room and moments later she appeared in our doorway. From beginning to end this was an experience we will not forget. Thank you Marrakesh for an extremely memorable night.Friday night is absolutely a MUST for this place. Its tough to find, down a small alley and you have to knock or ring the doorbell to get in.  They keep wine flowing, traditional Moroccan music playing, pita bread in large quantities and the atmosphere is just all around awesome.  The decor is wonderful! Awesome for groups and terrible for the germ-o-phobe.
The food is served in 7 courses, after they wash everyone's hands with a warm water pot and towels.  Water, wine, cous cous, the best beef kabobs I've had in a long time, baklava, gorgeous fruits, and the list goes on....
Just be careful walking up to the second and third floors... if you're over 5'2" you will have to duck and there's not much light to work with.  It just adds to the experience.My review of Marrakesh should really be broken into two parts- one for people who haven't experienced Moroccan restaurants and another for people who have.
For those of you who have never been to ANY Moroccan restaurants, lemme break this shiz down for you.  So you show up and they seat you at a big round table, low to the ground, with nice cushy pillows on your seats.  The meal is broken into 7 parts, all of which are eaten with your hands or using pita (with the exception of the couscous).  First is cold dips- hummus (at some places, not all), baba ghanoush, marinated carrots, and cucumber salad.  The second is something called a bastilla, which is a phyllo dough stuffed with egg, chicken and nuts, and covered in powdered sugar and a sprinkle of cinnamon.  Courses three and four are meat courses- can be kabobs, roast chicken, lamb, (or veggie options, for you plant-eating folks).  The fifth course is couscous.  The sixth course is fresh fruit.  And the final seventh course is baklava and mint tea.  Sound good?  Damn right it sounds good.  And if you are lucky, you will be treated with a belly dancing show.  Ooh la la.
For those people who have already popped their bastilla cherry, I can tell you that Marrakesh is a pretty standard Moroccan joint but definitely my favorite in the city.  I really like that it is multiple levels, so each table feels very cozy and private.  One downfall of the multiple levels is that when the belly dancer comes out, you can only see her if she's in your section (unlike Casablanca in NE Philly that is more open AND has a male dancer, but that's for another review).  And its location right off South Street gives you easy access to continue the party after dinner. 
Food wise, Marrakesh is definitely the better of the Moroccan places in Philly.  Marrakesh does not have hummus in their first course, however the baba ghanoush more than makes up for that.  On our last visit, we got the spicy chicken and the lamb with almonds.  Both were delicious- the chicken had a nice kick to it and was super juicy.  The lamb was both savory and sweet at the same time.   Yum!
Marrakesh is best visited with a group- great place for a double or triple date.  Or a girls night out.  Make sure to bring booze, as this spot is BYOB.  And also make sure to bring some cash, because they don't take credit.  And make sure to do some sit-ups if you want to challenge the dancer to a belly dance-off.This is a great "off-the-beaten-path" restaurant in Philly. 
I have been to Marrakesh several times and have always been satisfied. The food is good, the price is fair, and the experience is really fun. 
Marrakesh is a Moroccan restaurant that serves the meal in the authentic way. The menu is preset, it is family style, and everyone eats with their hands. The place serves alcohol but also allows you to BYOB with no corkage fee!
The food is all pretty good--- I would say there is nothing that is mind-blowing, but everything is quality. I really appreciated how accommodating they are to people with allergies!
The service is good--servers are nice, knowledgeable and quick.
The atmosphere is cool--feels like you are eating in a Moroccan home! And there is a belly dancer some nights that is a lot of fun.
The price is right and this place is great for groups of 6-10!
Definitely a recommended dining experience.My husband and I went here last night. Our server Hassim was kind, welcoming and made our experience wonderful. My husband and I had a nice little section of our own secluded from everyone else in the restaurant. The atmosphere was cozy and comfortable, the music was beautiful and not at all obnoxious. The best part of course was the food. 7 courses for two people only at$60 was not bad at all! Especially given that the quality was excellent and halal! By the second course we were stuffed, but the food kept coming, and every dish was better than the last. It was a great dining experience for us, as we don't get out too much. We will be back and encourage people to try it out.Even if you go on a night when were aren't belly dancers, it will still be a great time. Hassim bagged our left overs. I'm writing this review and now that i think about it, i cant wait to get home and finish my food, unless my husband already ate the rest -__-The experience is worth the trip.  As for the food, the appetizers were delicious- especially the eggplant.  Chicken was OK, but seemed to lack flavor.  The lamb was tender but overly sweet.  Couscous was average.  But I enjoyed my time here. My friend, who spent 5 weeks in Morocco, did not.