Big prices for average food, pizza was good but everything else wasn't. You'll find much better food in the area for an all around better experience. Went with a friend who was telling us how it's been around forever, they used to go as kids kinda thing. Needless to say, they also left disappointed and remembered a much better restaurant. Our waiter/hostess was rude and ignored us and talked with her friend for the most part of our lunch. Feel for the most part this restaurant is a tourist trap which explains the prices. You can find much better for the area and it's surprising they weren't better, they are in a prime location and have potential to make a lot of good business. I don't mind the cost, I'll pay a fortune for good food, but this place was subpar.I went there for the first time with my girlfriend, because I heard their pizza was delicious.  We both picked our own personal pizzas, and it was incredible.  Seriously in the running for my favorite pizza I've ever had.  As I looked through the menu, I was excited to find that it offered legitimate Italian food.  The only negative thing was that the waitress took forever to come to our table, and it was on purpose.  I don't know what her problem was with us, but it had to be either the way we look or the way we were sitting, because neither of us had even done or said anything to her.  She whispered something to another waitress, and I actually heard her coworker say to her, "What, you don't want them?  I'll go wait on them."  and she said, "No, it's fine."  Then she came over after I made eye contact with her about a hundred times and actually opened with, "I guess you're ready to order."  It was stunning how much I wanted her to be fired mid-shift.
A week or so later, based solely on how good the food was, I took my girlfriend (again), our daughter, my brother and mother. Luckily, we got a different waitress.  She was nice, but I found it kinda weird how she sat at the booth right behind us when she wasn't waiting on us.  Aside from my mom, we all chose things other than pizza.  My mom was the only one who was happy with her food.  It was all really bland.  Like, it almost seemed like they just went to Acme, got a can of tomato paste and poured it on top of their spaghetti & meatballs, chicken parm and whatever my girlfriend got.  My brother was especially displeased with his spaghetti and meatballs, so I asked (on his non-confrontational behalf) if they could bring him something else.  They did, and he hated it.  
Highly recommended if you want some seriously killer pizza.  If you're considering dining in, I'd highly suggest... well, basically, not doing it.  They deliver, but if you wanna put it on your card, the minimum is $20!  I think that's pretty high.how can anyone who knows good italian food even partly like their food .it has no flavor at all, i though it might be just that day i was there but i actually gave them a second chance and not only was the food terrible the old waitress was so rude .i asked for a glass of water and 10 minutes went by and she was playing with her phone and then gave me an attitude when i asked her again.save your money and time and go buy a jar of ragu.A true taste of Italy. Their food is great and their staff is very welcoming. A truly wonderful dining experience!This review is only based on my take-out experiences.
I found this place through Grub Hub, never been to the actual restaurant. So far I've ordered from them 3 times. Food wise, they are consistent. It's pretty good; never dry or too oily (which is hard with delivery), decent amount of prosciutto in my tortellini alfredo dish that I always get. Good portions. My only gripes are that on the 3rd time I ordered, two orders of tortellini alfredo took two hours. TWO HOURS FOR PASTA. That annoyed me, and this place IS a little pricey. $17 for said torts seems a little absurd but when I'm hungry and want to put myself into a cheese coma, I can't resist.Pizza is okay, at least I thought so until I saw the bottom half of a bug in my pizza. Upstairs is incredibly dirty, you can see the dust bunnies on the ceiling fans. Service is bad, at best. I waiting for approximately 15 minutes for a drink refill. If you come maybe you will find the top half of the bug that was missing from my pizza!I ordered the chicken parmesan and a ceaser salad. I've been looking for a good italian place that delivers to me since I moved to this neighborhood last year, and so far all the places I've tried have been mediocre. This place is excellent. I judge italian food based on the quality of their tomato sauce, or "gravy". Marra's sauce is delicious. I am excited to try some of the other dishes they offer.Marra's is known for it's pizza. The service can be a bit rough and forget about delivery, it takes forever. That doesn't mean that  you shouldn't go there, and enjoy a glass of wine and a pescatore pizza.Everything that isn't their pizza is super slimy. I love going here with my girl for a pie and a few beers. The waitresses and bartender are usually visibly drunk by 8 pm. DO NOT ORDER ANYTHING THAT IS NOT PIZZA AND DEFINITELY DO NOT GET IT DELIVERED. PS what's up with their overhead pager that exerts loud farts? My favorite part is the drink menu- see picture. They will not serve you a "White Russian Bloody Mary" or their signature Blank Russian no matter how polite you are.I've been to Marra's at least 3 times and they just continue to have bad service and bad food. Only thing that I HAVE had that was good was the pizza.I ate at Marra's for the first and last time over the weekend. My family was in town and we were looking for a good place that could seat seven of us (plus a baby) on a Sunday night, so we settled here. The hostess told us they had room for us upstairs and instructed us to choose one of the available tables. When we went up, there was a table that could fit six and two combined tables that could fit 12. We chose the larger grouping, but sat ourselves toward one end in case they needed to take the smaller table away for additional customers.
When our waitress came by with the menus, she informed us that we had chosen the wrong table--despite the fact that we wouldn't have been able to fit at the other table--"but it's okay, don't worry about it." Uh, sure. She left us six menus and six glasses for seven people and then disappeared for the next 20 minutes.
Upon her eventual return, we ordered our meals and an anti-pasto appetizer, and also requested some bread. I requested my chicken piccata to be prepared gluten-free, which the waitress was very familiar with, so that at least was nice. She returned shortly thereafter with some bread and finally another glass. The bread must have come straight from the fridge because it was absolutely frigid, much to the chagrin of those who ate it.
The appetizer came a few minutes later, and it was decent enough. Just a standard anti-pasto of olives, lettuce, some deli meats, and cheese, dressed in olive oil and basil. It held us over until our meals came about 15 minutes later. I wish I had eaten more of the appetizer, because it was the most edible thing I'd have for the rest of our time there.
When the server put my food in front of me, I stared down at two tiny pieces of chicken breast swimming in a pool of white wine sauce. Next to that was a bowl of wilted spinach. My brother-in-law, who had also ordered chicken piccata, though prepared regularly, had a portion that was at least twice the size of mine.
My chicken was rubber. I'm not trying to be metaphorical here. It literally tasted and had the texture of rubber. I had to fight hard to eat it. I don't know how they normally prepare their chicken, but they must have taken the two smallest pieces they could find and tossed them in a microwave for 10 minutes on high, then placed them in the pool of sauce. The spinach was unseasoned, so I dumped it in the remainder of my sauce to give it a bit of flavor. It was edible, at least. I did mention my displeasure to the server as he brought out the remaining meals, but nothing more came of it. No discount, no remaking of the dish. I sat and conversed with everyone else as they finished their meals, since it only had taken a couple of minutes to finish my minuscule portion.
My girlfriend's linguine, she informed me, was bland, but after adding enough Parmesan cheese, it was digestible. The pizza that my father, brother, and sister split was soggy. Most of it was eaten with a fork and knife. My brother-in-law's chicken piccata was much more edible than mine, though he didn't exactly praise it. My brother's roommate had no complaints about his dish that I can recall, but no additional praise, either. The highlight of the evening was watching my one-year-old niece eat her ziti, as a majority of the marinara sauce ended up on her face and in her hair. At least the entertainment was good.
The final insult came when the waitress brought us the check. Since we were a large group, we expected gratuity to be included. What we didn't expect, though, was for the included gratuity (or "service charge" as it was listed on the bill) to be 20 percent. Fifteen to 18 percent I can understand and is perfectly acceptable--as well as standard for any other restaurant I've ever been to. Give the customers the opportunity to add on more if they feel the service justified it. But to add that much onto a customer's bill? Talk about audacity. Even if we had wanted to contest the charge, there wasn't an employee to be found upstairs at that point, despite there still being several tables of patrons eating. After way too long of trying to figure out how to split the check among us, we all just threw in some cash, made sure it added up correctly, and left.
As I finish writing this review, I'm looking on the side of the page and I can see two five-star reviews, one four-star review, and two one-star reviews. I'd love to know what Marra's Restaurant the five- and four-star reviewers ate at, because I'd sure like to try it. But after my experience, there's no way I will ever go back to the Marra's I had to endure.Marra's is good stuff. I never had a bad meal here. Me and my girlfriend went here yesterday and got a 4 course meal for 20 bucks. Not Bad.. She had the chicken catchatori, and I had fettuccine alfredo wth broccoli and prosciutto. tt was very satisfying. I hear really good stuff about the pizza here but never had it. Next time I suppose.The best gravy I've had. Server was very attentive and recommended a cocktail. Will be backI give three stars only for the good pizza. Service, not much good to say. Our server was MIA almost the entire meal. I know we just ordered pizza, but refills and napkins are needed still. Also, no bread? Was disappointed considering it was an Italian restaurant, not just a pizza shop. Pizza is always good, great size, great price ($13.75 for X-LARGE!) . The Food is all I enjoyed here, nothing else.Great pizza!!! This place has the best pizza and good entrees. Been here a few times with my girlfriends Service is ok but ask for the waiter Anthony he is great the best server they have he is real attentive and nice too look at as well all my girlfriends think so., not sure if he still works here haven't seen him. The prices here are reasonable I had the antipasto salad it was really good and of course the pizza was great. We will definitely being going back! 
*Frankie*Bland ass shit. You might as well stay home and make it yourself. I had the gnocchi and it was like drinking water or breather air. B L A N D.i came to marra's on a mission. MISSION: CARBS! ok, ok...it wasn't really my mission so much as my boyfriend's, but who's gonna pass up an opportunity to gorge on italian food? not this girl!
tho typically not a pasta eater, the bf was carbing up for the broad street run the following morning. as all carb-counting was off the table this night, he intended to go big - no healthy size portions here, thank you very much - so we headed to south philly. he had been to marra's before and chose it for this night because, it just has that, you know, south philly charm :) as a first timer, i was unsure quite what to expect, but sadly instead of getting a table downstairs, we ended up seated in the less authentic feeling upstairs. oh well.
we started with the antipasto rustico (he ate the meat, i ate the veggies, we shared the cheese) and a carafe of house chianti. he ordered the linguini pescatore with a white sauce and when it came out you could barely see the giant mound of noodles beneath the tons of shrimp, mussels, scallops, clams and calamari. minus the couple forkfuls of pasta that i mooched, he managed to eat every last bite. 
i, on the other hand, finished half my plate of eggplant parmesan + a side of penne and saved the other half for lunch. it's worth noting that i am VERY picky when it comes to eggplant parm, well, anything with eggplant for that matter. i like it thin, tender, peeled and preferably as seedless as possible. marra's *may* have left the skin on (i'm writing this well after the fact, so...) and it's hard to avoid the seeds, but it was perfectly cooked to my liking, and bonus points for lack of deep fried bread crumbs - this was the real deal.
our bellies full, we passed on dessert and paid our bill. the paper had more personality than our waitress who seemed to be indifferent to our presence. to her credit, everything was served accurately and in a timely fashion, so no points lost there, but none gained either. anyway... as we made our way back downstairs, we caught a glimpse of the cannoli filling being made in the kitchen and decided to get one to-go....oh, and a tiramisu as well. when my man wants his carbs, he gets his carbs!! 
glad we got the tiramisu as we both preferred it over the cannoli, tho it didn't exactly "wow" us. the cannoli cream was wonderfully authentic - ricotta cheese with more chocolate chips packed in than i've ever had in a cannoli in my life, and i was practically raised on them. it was not sweet like termini's (which are my philly fave) yet just as good in its own way. the shell, however, tasted like an overly crunchy egg roll wrapper. not sure if it was the dough or the oil or what...but after one bite each we tossed it - the shell, that is. we went to town on that filling!
as for value, our bill (pre-desserts) came to roughly the same $50 as 3 glasses of wine and an appetizer did earlier that evening at thirteen.Best gluten free pasta I have ever had. Hands down. I wanted to lick my plate clean. Vodka sauce with prosciutto pasta dish amazing. Broccoli rabe to die for. Home made cannolis...need I say more? I have eaten at a number of other Italian places on Passyunk and this is always my favorite for this moderate price point. Marras is also the oldest restaurant on this part of Passyunk to my knowledge. My family has eaten here for 3 generations. My mom says when growing up this was basically the only restaurant in the neighborhood. So why not support a super local, long-running business?I think their Pizza is the best in Philly.  They have a huge ancient brick oven.  They will cook the crust a little bit more is you like it crispy.  
Mussels are awesome...Sarcone's bread...I can easily make a meal for two with a salad, some mussels and pizza.  
Service is spotty...some nights its great...other nights it can be really really slow.  Waitresses are kinda like your mom....call you hun in a traditional south Philly style.Old school, neighborhood red-gravy restaurant, with the typical South Philly "atty-tude" (which is really part of the ambience, isn't it?).  Decor is def from the 60's at best. Waitress warms up to you once you engage in conversation, then it's uphill from there.  We were seated at a booth, which was a little cramped, but not bad.  The table and the seats were actually sticky, which was a little disturbing, but they they didn't appear dirty.  Service was quick and efficient.  There is a little bar which seemed fully stocked, although the wine choices were very limited 
Menu is large and there is something for everyone from pasta, to seafood to veal and chicken.  The pizza seems like the draw here.  We didn't have pizza, but plenty of other diners did, and it looked really good!  I had the Chicken Florentine (boneless breast in a nice marsalla sauce, with mushrooms, spinich and thinly sliced prosciutto and cheese.  Yum!  Hubby had a seafood dish (don't recall the name) in a white sauce over pasta.  They defiitely did not skimp on the seafood, either!  A very nice dish.  Bread was good, but would have been better if served warm.   Prices are moderate, and overall a good value for the quality and quantity of food (there were lots of leftovers to take home!).   Parking was also surprisingly plentiful on Passyunk.  Definitely a place to try at least once!I went here for dinner with my friend without reservations. We were sat right away which is one of the only good things I experienced here. 
First of all, our waitress pounced on us as soon as my friend was in her chair to take our orders- food, not drinks. She never took orders for drinks and we scarcely saw her the rest of the evening. The restaurant was NOT busy, but she kept sending bussers to our table to do all of the work including bringing our food, checking on us, and (after being asked 3 times) bringing me a cup of the worlds weakest coffee. She spent a large amount of time chatting with other waitresses and at one point a table of what appeared to be her friends since she certainly wasn't spending the same amount of time with any of her other tables. I finally had to flag down another waiter to bring our check over. Our waitress finally sent (surprise) a busser over with our check. The only thing she managed to do was collect our check, and then charge us 6 cents more than our bill. And obviously 6 cents is nothing, but still... why?
Second of all- my friend ordered a pizza and I ordered chicken parm. They brought my friends meal out long before they brought out mine. So the options were a) she wait and her food get cold by the time mine arrived, or b) we basically watch each other eat so she could enjoy her food hot. We opted for option 2 and it was awkward. 
Won't be going back. So disorganized.We went because one of our group raved about the pizza.  But I didn't get pizza; I don't know why.  I should go back and try it.
The service is gruff, but that's just their South Philly way.  Our server was attentive, and she even smiled when we made a joke.  She just didn't smille constantly.  Since I've moved away and don't hear it often, I loved hearing her accent.
The pasta is homemade. But skip the broccoli appetizer.  Normally it is my favorite thing to order in Italian restaurants, but here it was overcooked and oversalted.Incredible and huge calzones for a good price! They also made a fab mango margarita! The wait staff was awesome and attentive, even with a big 13 person party. Great atmosphere and good food. I will definitely be back!I've had the pepperoni pie a few times and its OK. I love the brick oven taste but they cut the pieces into small slices which is kind of odd. I gave 4 stars only for the brick oven aspect. The sauce is good and they load the pizza with pepperoni.Really wanted to try the pizza here so I went with my boyfriend and my niece. For the sake of the 6 year old, we got pepperoni pizza. It was ok. We also got the clams casino which was yummy but there was a bit too much of one flavor as opposed to a medley of flavors with all of the ingredients that's piled onto of the clams (which were like baby clams, not "meaty" at all). I got the special they had for the day, which was steak stuffed with crab meat. Separately, very bland. But when I had a forkful of the steak, crab meat, and sauce all in one bite.. it was edible. Boyfriend got some kind of pasta which he said was ok, but he eats everything. The pizza was pretty good.
We returned another time with my sisters in tow (me, boyfriend, sister, other sister, and niece) since we wanted my sister to try the pizza. My two sisters decided to share a pizza and ordered some kind of vegetable sausage mix. My one sister ate almost two slices and the other sister barely ate one slice... pizza wasn't thin and crispy. I ate some and admit it wasn't as good as the last time. They also shared a lasagna, I ordered some kind of pasta. Everything was a muddle of flavors. Kind of yummy, mostly bland, but nothing spectacular. Such a shame because this place seemed so promising. Still might come by here and there, but it just seems like there's no essence here.If you're going to this place for anything but the pizza this review won't be a help to you. I've had other food from here and it wasn't stellar but the pizza is and always has been, pretty darn amazing. I read some other reviews which complained about the staff as well, again I don't eat in here because yes, is it an old-school establishment with old-school waiters and their old-school attitudes. However, if you are looking for a pizza to pick up and take home, try this place. The crust is crispy and crunchy, great tomato sauce and perfect cheese ratio. This is definitely my favorite pizza in the city.Solid Italian classics in the perfect old school atmosphere. The pizza is dynamite as are the pasta dinners like manicotti or eggplant parm. 
Great neighborhood spot on the Ave to walk off your meal also. When feeling lazy, I get delivery and it is always as good as sitting in. Great classic!Stood for a good 10minutes to be seated as the staff walked by multiple times until I asked if I had to seat myself when the restaurant was pretty empty. Then continued to wait a good 15 min to even order. Chicken parm was served with barely any sauce on it or the pasta, very disappointinggreat.
All I want to say is that Marra's is great.First timer at Marra's but definitely won't be the last time. Went here after the Phils game with the family. We are die hard Ralph's fans but heard good things about Marra's so we thought we'd give it a try. Food was excellent, portions very big and prices were good. Will definitely return again and again. Brick oven pizza was delicious, pasta was homemade with many large chunks of crabmeat and the cannoli's were perfect. Great dinnerI've been here twice and I've enjoyed both my experiences. This is an old Italian restaurant that my pop used to come to as a kid. He used to love to bring my mother here while she was alive so this is a very nostalgic place for him. 
Sorry to read about poor service customers experienced in the past but that was not my experience at all. Our waitress was super, checked on us a lot and was fast and efficient. The rest of the staff were just as accommodating and they were very busy since it was a Saturday night. 
I had the linguini pescatore. Pasta was definitely homemade, the seafood was fresh. Price was about $18 and it was way more than I could eat.  Two others at the table got the baked ziti which they said was very good. 
For dessert, cannoli, of course! Outstanding! 
Atmosphere here could stand a little updating and the menu could stand a revamp but otherwise a good meal was had by all. 
Ended the night with a Marra's t shirt for my pop for only $10. Sweet!Whenever people from out of town want Italian food in Philly, I take them to Marra's. Skip the tourist trap chains like Maggianos and have a real slice of South Philly. The best pizza in town, and great entrees like veal parm. And when you're finished dinner get a cannoli!Worst service in the city. I 'm beyond disappointed with my service tonight. I 'm pretty sure my tip went to my gossipy waitress who did nothing but take my order than slam my dinner in front of me while the Mexican , "busboy" did everything for me and my party, and received none of it. Totally ridiculous. Never going back there. Unless you know the staff or are obviously Italian , expect to be treated poorly.Went here with 2 of my friends for East Passayunk Restaurant Week. Id never been here before and It was a cute little spot, very old school home vibe. Our server was so nice and attentive. We couldn't beat the 25 dollar 3 course meal, with 3 dollar wine special. (Granted it was one glass for the special, so we ended up getting a half bottle). My one friend and i started with the crab meat stuffed mushrooms and they were great! The other friend got the muscles and the portion was more than I was expecting which is never a bad thing. I got the veal caprese for the second course. Veal is always a hit or miss, but it was actually pretty good, and paired nicely with the pasta side, the red cause was a little plain, but mixed with the sauce that came with the veal it worked well. I finished with the cheesecake to top everything off, and you can never go wrong with cheesecake. My friends and I had a great time, and im sure we'll definitely will be back.Terrible, extremely slow service, calamari tasted like a mound of salt had been added to it, pizza was less than stellar.
We will not be coming backMarra's still has one of the best white pizza's in the world. Crust perfect, sausage, garlicy and cheese that actually has flavor. Topped with greens cooked I believe lightly sauted with olive oil and garlic.  
I am a bit nonplussed by these negative reviews of Pizzeria Marra.  We got 3 pizza's in about ten minutes quick service and a quick correction on an error. 
People order the pizza.  Your in South Philly if you want Chicken Piccatti and incredible Pasta go to a place that specialize. 
People from the community should rally around institutions like Marra's it helps preserve the neighborhoods character. 
Remember! order Pizzal Theire White Pizza with Broccoli Rabe and Sausage is one of the best things you will put in your mouth and take some pride in an institution.Maybe I caught you on a bad night, Marra's, but nothing thrilled me about my experience.  That's not to say anything was particularly bad, but nothing was remarkable either.
Service was spotty and the server seemed easily confused.  The pizza here is the star with the large stunning us with it's alarming size.  For the price however, I would have been shocked if it was any smaller.  The topping combinations seemed interesting enough, however this turned out to be the type of place that relied on lots and lots of cheese (don't get me wrong, I love cheese) and not enough on well seasoned flavors.  The eggplant, parmesan, and ricotta pie was too bland for my tastes.
The dishes that my dining partners enjoyed also seemed heavily drowned in cheese.  Yes, the portions are huge, and yes, you will be taking home leftovers.  But I would rather pay the same price for a slightly smaller, though well seasoned and cared for dish.I live around the corner from this place. 
Their pizza is excellent.
Their staff are some of the rudest people I've ever encountered. 
I won't be back and will never recommend it. 
I know other's feel the same way. That's why the other establishments around it are thriving while this place is dying out. 
Hopefully this place will go out of business in a few years and something better will replace it.Marra's has delicious pizza. You can find better Italian food in South Philly, but not better pizza. I give Marra's an extra star because it's reasonably priced. If you don't like the wait staff, do yourself a favor and get take-out. The older man behind the counter is always pleasant.Tagged along with friends as they ordered real food and I stuck to dessert-for-dinner.
They ordered the gnocchi pomodoro, ravioli pomodoro (both with tomato sauce) and a massive salad as well as a carafe of pinot noir and a glass of sangria. I ordered the tiramisu and asked that they bring it out alongside the entrees which they were happy to do.
The dishes looked like solid, standard Italian fare. My tiramisu was pretty inoffensive, it lacked the bitter coffee edge so I enjoyed it. The restaurant's atmosphere was overwhelmingly Italian in nature. Large groups shouting and laughing and passing around glasses of red wine. It's a crowded place, the dark wood paneling and high booth sectionals only increasing the sense of claustrophobia. 
Overall, I can see this place being a favorite for locals and generational regulars but it's definitely not a first choice for meeting up with friends.Me and 3 other friends sat down hoping to order a pizza we came at 9:15. When our server came over I told her that a fifth friend was coming - the first thing she said was "uh, our kitchen closes at 10" I said "no problem she will probably just order a drink" she told us to move to the larger booth in the back, did not help us move, and never returned to our table. We waited for 10 minutes, a friend went to the bathroom and saw her sitting in the back with her laptop and cell phone. We decided to leave and a friend went over and complained in person to the staff. The waitress replied, "YOU WERE WAITING ON A FIFTH PERSON!" As someone who has worked in the service industry for years, that's a poor excuse, she did not come check in, ask if we wanted drinks while we waited, or even ask about appetizers while we waited. The reality was we were already ready to order and I had already told our waitress that this fifth friend was just going to get a drink. I was appalled at the lack of service and will make sure to tell anyone who mentions this place as an option for dining not to bother. The service was that disappointing.peep everyone hating on marra's! ok i love their pizza, i love their pasta, and i've never had a problem with the service. no complaints here except that when we went to fuel up on carbs before broad street, i didn't have room for dessert. thumbs up!Went to Marra's last week with 4 other friends.  The food was so-so, and the service was terrible.  We waited an incredibly long time for service - to place our order, to get our food, to pay our bill.  Luckily we were sitting near a side-station, as we had to get our own bread plates.  One friend discovered gum under her seat when it stuck on her pants - she was in the process of trying to ice it off when the waitress came near - she got her attention (as it seemed the waitress was avoiding the situation) and told her there was gum under the seat.  The waitresses reply?  "Well, someone must have *just* put it there" as she hurried away.  No apologies, no offers of assistance.
Another friend asked if she could substitute another sauce for an alfredo.  The waitress said she could, but when we (finally) got the bill, we noticed we had been charged $2 extra.  When we asked the waitress she just said that alfredo is more expensive (which is true).  We would have liked to have known, however, that the substitution would have cost more when we ordered.
Based on the fact that the food was mediocre (my tortellini had the consistency of gnocchi), the service was terrible, and there are many better Italian restaurants in South Philly, I will not be returning to Marra's.We went here for dinner this evening mostly because we were dressed a little on the bummish side and wanted a place that was downscale enough to accept gym shorts AND serve Italian food.
One star is awarded for being okay with our attire.
However, while our waitress was friendly and personable, the whole meal felt like a NASCAR pitstop. It was super-fast service, which is nice when you're not waiting for your food, but overall we felt a little rushed.
The food itself was of questionable quality. My penne alla vodka with chicken seemed a bit underdone -- the pasta required extra chewing at times that just shouldn't have to happen. And his chicken parm seemed to be just the opposite -- a bit overdone.
I will say, though, that this place seems to shine in the pizza department according to other reviewers and we marveled a the delicious-looking pies that whizzed past us during this hurried dinner in South Philly. Maybe we'll go back for the pizza if we're in a hurry, but definitely not the pasta.First off I had soggy Caesar salad. The lettuce was too soggy and it wasn't from the dressing. We had mozzarella sticks that's came with a little lettuce. The lettuce was soggy too. The mozzarella sticks tasted like they were out of the frozen food section at a supermarket. The pizza was just ok. Not great. We had Margherita and it was served just above room temperature. Not hot and it was not thin crust like I expected. We also had a personal buffalo chicken pizza. Like all the things we ordered, it sounds good on the menu until you actually get it. The sauce was not good for the buffalo chicken and it took away from the pizza. I would not go back to this place. There are better pizza options around. One thing I will say is that it is good for large parties and for kids. Plenty of seating upstairs as well. We sat near two large parties. The waitress was attentive to us but the food just wasn't goodWent here to carb-load before a race.  Left full of carbs, but otherwise disappointed.  
When you walk in, it has a dinery feel, which I liked.  Felt very down to earth.  Apart from that, my immediate impression was that it had a very strange and overall displeasing odor.  I'm not sure what it was, but it stayed the whole time and I didn't like it.  
We ordered the calamari and fried mozzarella to start.  The mozzarella was pretty good, but boring, and the calamari was bland and disappointing.  I got the Chicken Parmesan.  People are right, the servings are big - but I'd rather have it be small and tasty than large and blah.  But that's what they gave me.  Giant chunk of chicken, a very small portion of spaghetti, ironically.  I got bored eating it.  
We did order dessert and that was pretty tasty - a cannoli and a tartufo.  Both were quite good - maybe 4 stars on the dessert.  
Finally, the woman serving us was generally unfriendly.  Everything we asked for seemed like an inconvenience.  I won't be coming back here.i don't think it was a fluke, but it may have been the incredibly poor waitstaff. it's charming, although a bit crowded and dark and upon coming in we were warmly greeted and promptly sat. The waitress however, took many trips around us...but never to us. Finally, she came and seemed very unaware of how long we waited (which was impossible because she had tables all around us). While never being rude, i did comment early that she was 'susy sunshine' because well...clearly she wasn't thrilled to be working. We order two personal pizzas, the house special antipasto salad and fries. the table was full of wrapped gifts, but the waitress did not appear to care to ask why (it was for a 12 year olds birthday. she would have loved to have been asked about it). the fries come first. half a plate of fries for 4.50... i knew right then we were in trouble. Fries are cheap. Like very cheap. When you charge that much and give half a serving on a bread plate no less, not even in a basket with a liner to catch the grease, you don't care very much. The pizzas were ok, or might have been had the mushroom pizza had fresh mushrooms. Canned mushrooms ARE NEVER OK IN A RESTAURANT. it's lazy and it tastes terrible. The salad had so much vinegar on it, i tried to dump it out pouring it into the only available dish (there was not a lot of waitstaff concern for our table) once it filled the bread plate, still with a puddle at the bottom, i was done. we returned it and asked for the check. She did ask did i want another one and seemed surprised that i was refusing. She never acknowledged that yes, a bread plate full of dressing is too much dressing. She also did not clear the lake of dressing...... or any other dish and  when asked for a refill she simply brought another glass leaving the old one to add to the clutter. She did not send over management to find out what was wrong, she did however tell us she didn't charge us for it as if she was doing us some favor. we tipped her minimal amount because i don't NOT tip when i dine out but we won't be there again... it was the only restaurant with open seating in a summer Saturday in the city.. now i understand why. money is too hard to part with, choose another restaurant.I used to love coming here for mussels and pizza. The pizza is still pretty good. But with all the others places in the neighborhood  that have 100% better service, we won't be coming to Marra's again. We saw the bus boy more than our surly waitress. So much so that we tipped him separate because he was basically our server. I tried to brush it off as "atmosphere" but the last straw was the bartender dropping the F bomb in front of my children. And that's that, Marra's.Great catered trays of baked ziti, friendly and professional service.  Underrated in yelp for sure!This place is fine for pizza. But if you're thinking of ordering pasta here then save your money, go home, and dump some cheap sauce and kraft cheese onto noodles and you'll produce a better meal.I wanted to love this place as much as I love all South Philly Italian joints. Came here for the pizza so I cannot speak to the dinner menu. Started off with mozzarella sticks. Eh- too much breading and the cheese wasn't melted all the way. On to the margarita pizza. It was very well done, which I am OK with but the crust was too burnt to eat. Sauce wasn't very flavorful either. I prefer Slice or Santucci's.
I will say the staff are very friendly and always checking in. I enjoyed the wine as well...but that's hard to mess up.Boy has this place gone downhill fast. The food is still great. The decor hasn't been updated in forever. But the service is now just horrible. The place is empty, but none of the tables are cleaned before we sit down and still have to wait for our table. And wait for silverware. And wait for napkins. And the bathrooms--UGH! The soap dispenser is a drop of soap diluted with water--like when I ran out of dish soap in my apartment in college. Ewww.I am so happy to read the hipster punks on yelp hating Marra's. Please stay out and leave the place for people who know. It will be here long after you follow your folks back to the suburbs.Marra's rocks! Authentic Italian in South Philly, for very reasonable prices! 
I've eaten pizza with shrimp. HUGE shrimp, very tasty. The lasagna was awesome. The lingiuni with clams was very good. Real chunks of clams, not something out of can.
The location is great. The inside almost looks like somebody's house. I have zero complaints about this place. Zero. Great place for a date, good with kids, great place to take parents or out-of-town guests for "authentic Philly Italian". I can't say enough about this place!
They also have take-out if you just want to get a pizza and take it home.
The only negative is that they have a minimum of $20 for credit card purchases. I understand why, however this violates the contract they signed with Visa/MasterCard. Not cool. If you sign a contract with somebody, you gotta live up to it.I really love Marra's. It is so good. i moved to Philly a few years ago and just around the corner from my house was an old looking storefront. I thought this place was closed for good, but luckily it wasn't. I later found out that this place was the wonderful Marra's. it may not have a gorgeous appearance, but it is worth it to step inside. It's a casual sit down restaurant in a great south Philly location. 
So, I started getting fliers in the mail for all different pizza places. So, being new to the east coast, I made it my mission to find the best local pizza. I ordered a pizza from almost every flier i received. and then I tried Marra's and there was no turning back. (although Franco Luigi's is probably the closest equal)
I will say that I have only enjoyed the pizza. The salad is an average salad from an average Italian restaurant. I ordered the Linguine con Vongole and it was not good. 
BUT, the pizza makes up for that. Thin and crispy and hot and saucy! My favorite is spinach and provolone (with mozzarella also). I usually don't like spinach on pizza because it gets dry or too mushy, but they put it in the cheese so it doesn't burn. I like that. 
My brother visited me from Detroit and I took him to Marra's as I do every visitor. He still will not stop talking about it. When people ask him about Philly, this is the first thing he mentions. He mentions that before Cheesesteak.Reviewed by Mario of Super Mario Bros.
Mamma Mia! I was ona ma waya to finda princess when thesa creepy lil' musharooms I'll a call Goombas gangeda up ona me!  I was lika...
"EYIAH! Waddamattawitu face!?!?" 
So I just stompa them to da ground lika they were grapes for wine. It wasa beautiful thing and then I kept punching bricks and thesa coins keepa coming out. I'm lika...
"Didda Luigi putta somethin in da meat sauce?!" 
Thank you Mario, I'll take it from here. I believe you've done enough damage being the mundane stereotype you represent to the Italian culture through the perspective of a semi-racist but ingenious innovator of video games from land of the Rising Sun. 
"Whaddautalkinabouta?"
Aaaannnyyyway...
Marra's has been around for generations in the heart of the South Philly Italian neighborhood. East Passyunk, where this milestone stands, is home to many  restaurants and as of the past few years, it has went through a revival of a more "hip-attraction" for young, rich, old, and hipster alike...
Today's hipster invasion is brought to you by the Letter B and the number  2 and the word Cantina! And shallow people like you, thank you. 
Ok focus, this is Marra's!
The place has recently went through an under-construction of their own and the result still brings that family charm which I believe is what they are going for and at the same time a comfortable fresh atmosphere. The black tile exterior is pretty cool and it still gives Marra's that timeless look. The interior still has that romantic candle-light glow but it isn't as dank as it was the few times I was here before it's change. 
The food is still good and the smells wafting from the kitchen is a welcoming thumbs up. Fried calimari is a great starter to kick up your appetite and get ready because they pile their dishes. Though I was in a light kinda mood so I went with a salad but that alone is like a meal. They load it up with plenty of veggies, fetta cheese cubes, sun-dried tomatoes, cucumbers, you name it. If you still wanna call that rabbit food then it's probably for Rambo dressed in a rabbit suit. 
Speaking of celebrities, Marra's is adorn with many photographs, magazines, and other books showcasing famous people who had eaten there, plus images of the family throughout their history. Of course most of the celebrities are of Italian descent...
"Excusa me?! Ima not ona their wall!"
No one asked you and besides you're a fictional character. 
"Ima not!"
Yes you are. I mean the fact that I am even talking to you is irrational. 
"Shuddaufaca! You lie! You lie to Mario!"
Where the hell is that fat rejected Ninja Turtle thing that chases you around breathing fire?
"I go now! You maka me cry!"
Whatever... 
Ok so for good authentic Italian cuisine give Marra's a chance! It beats the even more stereotyped "Buca-de-Beppo" chain...
"Whaddausayabout my Mama?!?!?!!"
Um... I gotta go. Seems Mario has found himself one of those flashing stars.Visited Marra's during restaurant week, and was not disappointed. The service was great - friendly, responsive and helpful staff. Food was good and the portions were large - we both took food home and that is not typical for Don. From the calamari to chicken Maximo, everything was fresh, hot and tasty.WTF people? This IS ***** material. Totally best pizza. OMG. Do the trunk test. Can u put it in your trunk and drive away w/o getting back out and breakg into your own trunk? NFW dog! Awsome soup. Spinich in garlic. Muscles...nice. Get the sautéed mushrooms, then put them on the pie.......ooooohhhhh. World peace.I used to go here years ago when Passyunk Ave was more a ghost town then it is today. Many restaurants opened in the area since then and we've neglected this place for a while. Decided to give it a go again and brought a large group with me. Made reservations day of, they put us in the back section on the first floor. The table had water and glasses already set up. Ordered garlic bread and fried calamari for the table and it was delicious! The pizza we ordered was cooked perfectly and amazing! The check wasn't as high as I thought either. Only thing that knocks a star off is they don't include bread with dinner; a major no-no in most Italian restaurants. Otherwise still a flawless dinner.Went there last night and the service was horrible. The waitress never brought my daughter's glass of wine .We had to stop another server to ask for the wine. The bread was good ,however it was ice cold in the center. looks like they must freeze the bread and thaw it . I got the veal parm and my daughter got the chicken parm. Nice portions,however way too much bland sauce. My pasta was floating in the sauce. The breading was burnt. Would not recommend this place to anyone. Had to walk upstairs to use the restroom . Not sure if they have any other restrooms but that's where a cook directed me to the restroom and the men's restroom was down in the basement .So this place doesn't look like they care about handicapped people. Price was reasonable but the food was not worth the money for bland tasting, burnt food, floating in way too much sauce.My family has been going here for years and it never changes, which is a good thing. Reasonable prices and great food and service are its hallmark. The pizza is the best in Philly: try the white pizza with sliced tomatoes: unbelievable! The chicken parm is massive and scrumptious. Make sure you get pasta, because Marra's also has the best spaghetti sauce anywhere.You'd think that with so many restaurants opening in East Passyunk Av in the recent years, Marra's will up their game to remain competitive. I have seen this place slowly going down. This last (definitely last) time I visited was the worst experience in it. The service was slow. When some gentleman noticed that my husband and I were seating in one of the booths, he called one of the waitresses. I saw them having a rather unfriendly exchange, then she just came to our booth and asked "What do you want?", no hello, no "Could I start you with a drink?", nothing. And all employees seem to be hanging out and having personal conversations (even occupying one of the booths) in front of the patrons.
Fortunately we already knew what we wanted, so we ordered our meals. 5 minutes later some guy throws some cold dry bread on the table. Then a few minutes later out of nowhere the waitress returned and says "Do you want something to drink?" The restaurant was almost empty, though it was on a Saturday night it was pouring rain, so there weren't that many patrons in the restaurant.
We ordered Caesar's salad and stuffed mushrooms for appetizers. The salad was ok, but the stuffed mushrooms we used to love were horrible! Cold, and with some kind of weird liquid around them. They were poorly presented too.
Our entries were the Veal Alaska and Flounder Francase (pardon my spelling) Special. "Alaska" did come to mind when my husband tasted the rather cold veal. Seemed like it was cooked the day before and put in the microwave defrost a minute before it was served. My flounder was insanely overcooked and topped with a giant layer of (once) melted cheese. Under the cheese was a ball of spinach that looked pre-chewed by another person. And the plate was cold too. I paid an additional dollar for the "treat" of having my flounder with ravioli. Again, cold and the sauce was mediocre. The only thing that was warm was the beer I later regretted ordering.
Once upon a time this place had better food and definitely better service. In the past I've had good pizza, warm bread, hot meals, cold beer, and better tasting and better presented stuffed mushrooms, not to mention better service. All that seems to be a thing of the past. With so many other restaurants in the area, many of them with a diverse choice of Italian food, there are better choices with better service for a better price.Famous for their pizza. Stick with that and you'll be ok. Their pizza is absolutely delicious, with a nice, perfectly cooked thin crust. 
They have a huge menu full of sandwiches and Italian specialties, but I have yet to find any entree that I really like. If you like overly breaded chicken parm fried in dirty oil, topped with a ton of red sauce and a couple slices of cheese, you'll love it here. I'm unimpressed.
The waitstaff have an attitude that they don't want to be there. They're not  friendly or quick to bring you back refills of drinks, bread, whatever...you'll usually have to flag someone down and ask them to get your server.
One other thing I have to note (but it's not unique to Marra's ) is that their non alcoholic drinks are horrible. I think it's the dirty Philly water, but their sodas are always flat and their iced tea usually tastes funky.A lot of negative reviews had me worried. We did experience excellent Italian food  for our party of 5. We ordered a variety of dishes including pizza, pasta, veal florentine, eggplant parmigiana, chicken Marsala and appetizers.  Stated simply, all were delicious and not one complaint from the group. 
It took us quite a while to get initial service and when we did, it was clear this was our only shot to order; drinks, appetizers, main courses all at once or we'd never see her again. Food arrived promptly and well prepared. 
No pretense here of high service levels (or working lightbulbs in the restroom!), but in spite of the negatives I'd come back again for great home style Italian food.Mediocre Italian food (Americanized, not authentic).  Rude, inattentive servers.  Busboys are usually nice though, and you can count on them to refill your drinks more than you can count on your server to do anything except give you attitude in return after anything you say to them.
If you bring a child, make sure you are very specific that they are ordering the kids portion, even if they are very obviously incredibly young.  My 4 year old ordered pasta and was brought the huge, full sized portion, which they charged us for and wouldn't budge on because we "didn't say that she wanted the kid size."  That's just stupid, and nothing like that has ever happened in any of the many restaurants she has visited.
It's only getting the second star because my husband loves the chicken parm.  I can't get him to admit whether or not it has gone downhill over the past several years like everything I've tried has.I used to make Philly my base of operations when selling to my east coast customers.  And largely for one reason - Marra's.
Let's not make this more than it is - it's a neighborhood restaurant that's been around "forever" with a strong neighborhood following (as in within a few block area).  Outside of Bensonhurst (Brooklyn), you don't find Italian places like this anywhere else in the country, sadly.
Service may be slow.  Decor dated.  Locals come and go,  Yeah, maybe your waitress gets sidelined chatting with her sister ....but keep your ears open and enjoy the neighborhood gossip.  And to me, that's the charm.  
Really great pizza (chewy crust).  Tasty sauces in the pizza and pasta dishes.  All traditional southern Italian fare.   
Since retiring and no longer traveling to the Philly area, I miss this place!Marra's Restaurant is a totally acceptable South Philly Italian joint, but the truth is that it should be so, so much better. 
My wife and I met two friends there last nite right smack in the middle of the dinner service. Rather than a relaxing, well-paced meal, it felt like everyone there had their hair on fire. Within a minute of sitting down, our waitress asked us if we were ready to order. We hadnt even gotten our drink orders taken! 
The food we got was pretty much along the same lines. The calamari was as dull as it gets, lazy even. The breading was nothing more than flash-fried bread crumbs, served with a side of marinara. The bruschetta was damn tasty, but only four pieces for four people (note: last year, I was here with a party of 6, and there was more than enough bruschetta for all)
The bum notes didnt end there. I ordered the house lasagna, an enormous stack of sausage, ground meat, noodle layers and sauce. Though delicious, within two bites I realized that it was cold. I mean, REALLY cold. So I sent it back, of course, but when it came back (literally no more than 2 minutes later) it was still cold. For a service that took almost 45 minutes, everything felt rushed and quite honestly, a bit half-assed. 
Here's the tragedy: the food (other than the calamari) was very good! That lasagna was top-notch, clearly prepared with care and love. If only Marra's put as much effort into their service as they into their dishes.Thursday - May 31, 2012 - 11:30AM
I had the SALAD PALERMITANA with grilled chicken and balsamic dressing. My mother had the escarole soup with the iconic meatballs, and veal Marsala with a side of penne pasta. My salad was fresh and pleasing with expectations consistent with grilled chicken and balsamic dressing lunch. My mother's escarole soup was good however the veal Marsala and the penne pasta "gravy" were poor.  There was no Marsala wine but a distinctive balsamic dressing that was probably added mistakenly when making my salad. The "gravy" was unusually tart. The service was good and attentive.  
NOTE: I'm particularly critical because I've often made very good veal and chicken Marsala dishes.  Frankly, Marsala related dinners are quite simple to prepare...but I digress. The "gravy"......gravy isn't supposed to be tart. My dear 87 year old mother has made gravy countless times - I've made several good-quality batches - I know good quality gravy.I was pretty disappointed, everyone told me Marra's was great. The food was overpriced, lukewarm and mediocre. I wasn't expecting it to rock my world or anything, but I definitely walked out of there feeling like a sucker.My boyfriend and I ordered delivery.  I ordered Fettuccine Alfredo from their "pasta specialties" menu and my  boyfriend ordered Rolli Massamino w/ chicken. The delivery guy came 20 minutes late (over an hour) and made the excuse that he had the wrong address (I ordered from grubhub and have the correct address in my account). 
Small portions for the price ($16.00 each), but the worst of it was that my Fettuccine Alfredo which was described to have prosciutto and broccoli was literally ONLY linguini w/ sauce. No prosciutto, no broccoli. This meal was clearly worth about $3.00 and I would have been upset with it even if I ordered it at a low budget diner at 2am and paid $7.00 for it. My boyfriend's had chicken and broccoli in it at least.. however his broccoli was not fresh, definitely from a bag and honestly tasted like vomit. Neither of us ate our food and we will never, ever visit this restaurant again. 
Awful service, awful food, high prices.It's really ashame to read these bad reviews about Marra's because I remember when I was a kid and my mom and dad would take me there we had to stand in line out side to wait to get in. I'm sure Mr & Mrs Marra are turning over in their grave to see what has been done to their restaurantMy husband & I almost didn't go here for dinner because of the reviews. I figured the only way to know is to go . We did & were  very glad we did!!  The three basics for dining out were well met! We were greeted  by a friendly gentlemen, our waitress was very sweet, our dinner was delicious!!! The  inside of the restaurant looked to be outdated but maybe thats the look they are going for!!! The good old days!! Its 2014 & they are building  diners that look like the 1940's. At least,this place that looks like  the 1940's is an original not a makeover wanna-be!!!  So,anyway, it was very enjoyable evening!!  Looking forward to going back.Love it!! Food was absolutely wonderful! Totally casual and quick service. The service was old school so great w/ kids but not so friendly :-) wonderful!!Went here for dinner earlier in honor of restaurant week with one of my girlfriends. 
We were waited on very quickly and taken care of the whole time. 
Orders as follows:
Me - Fried Calamari, Veal Alaska, chocolate cake, white wine
B-Cream of Mushroom Soup (they let her substitute since she's vegetarian), Eggplant Rollatini,  Canoli, red wine 
Came to $70 with tip. Would definitely came back again.Growing up in So. Philly, I had visited Marra's a few times with friends.  It had been some time since my last meal there.  I was looking for a spot that was a central meeting place between Delaware County and North Philly.  We were celebrating a birthday and had a party of six people (including two vegetarians).  We were very happy with our meals and the service.  Prices of entrees were surprisingly reasonable.  
I would recommend Marra's to anyone who is looking for an authentic Italian meal in a good ole South Philly setting.  Leave your pretensions at home and enjoy the flavor of the City.
One drawback, the restrooms are located upstairs (ladies) and downstairs (mens), not wheel-chair accesible.Yum. Yum. Yum. A traditional Italian feel 100% I would go here everyday just to eat the Chicken Parm and Raviolis if I could. I have had their pizza to go before and is insanely tasty, but to go into the restaurant and have a meal is a whole different experience. You almost feel like your in the mafia and having a sit down. Food, YES. Service, YES. GO HERE for sure. 
PS: BEST RIESLING I have ever drank.I went here for a dinner party with The Temple News staff from Temple. I had not been here before, much lik everyone else but I knew it was Italian so I was excited. Right before we crossed the street to the front entrance, I could smell the pizza cooking in the ovens. We were seated upstairs. It was a small place with not much moving room but this wasn't too much of a problem. Since we had so many people, we picked off of the banquet menu with a choice of either chicken parm., spinach ravioli and penne vodka. Everything was delicious. I don't think one person complained about the food. Wine, salads and bread were also provided. Overall, the price was great for the amount we were given. The only complaint I had was dealing with the bill. Because we ha about 20 people (college students) and we all pretty much paid with cards, there was a charge fee to even use that many cards that they did not tell u about before hand. It was a hassle trying to have everyone pay the specific amount but the hostesses helped as much as they could. I will definitely be coming back here for some good old Italian cooking but with a much smaller party.I've been to Marra's twice in the past month.  The first time I went I ordered garlic bread, and just plain spaghetti and sauce.  My food was ok, my friend ordered eggplant parm and my other friend ordered a pasta dish with vodka sauce, both said it was pretty good.  The service was absolute crap, we were ignored and forgotten for most of the mid week evening.
The second time was just this past weekend on a Friday night.  We were seated pretty quickly.  The food, garlic bread, a caprese salad, and a pizza with pesto were all decent.  The service was even worse, our waitress seemed like she had more important people to wait on and we were promptly ignored most of the time.  When she did check on us, it was like she was going out of her way and acted like it was chore.  It was awful.I went in with high expectations and I was disappointed.  I ordered a plain pie and a white pie with prosciutto and got a plain pie and a white pie with ricotta.  When i alerted the waitress to this, she offered to "bring me out some prosciutto", as if bringing out cold meat to put on top of an already cooked pizza was an adequate solution for the situation.  The pizza was average at best.  I didn't send back the pizza because I was already very hungry and didn't mind the white pie topping of ricotta.
The prices were cheap.  I guess you get what you pay for.
Oh well, Taconelli's here I come...Best gravy and pizza in Philly. Large portions, great waitstaff and South Philly feel make for a great experience.