Stopped in for a few drinks. There are no paper menus, the menu is either posted on a large TV screen above the bar or you can access it on your phone.
Was pleased to see a great selection of local beers  wines and spirits from the PA/NJ area.
For food, the selection is mostly appetizers  consisting of cheese and meat plates, hoagies and veggie platters.
Would have liked to see a little more variety in the appetizers, but overall would return again.Excellent new local pub. More than simple bar snacks. Great beer selection. Food outsourced from local favorites (good spoon, reanimator, Kensington Quarters). Comfortable decor complete with a fireplace. Another great addition to the neighborhood.So I stopped by Martha on a random weekday night and was completely taken back at how different this place is as opposed to every center city or northern libs bar. It has the feel of a uniquely crafted small business with the beer, food and drink selection of a sophisticated establishment. The owner Jon was kind enough to suggest a sampling of the unique beer I've ever tasted. It was a grape fruit/green tea tasting IPA which was one of he best beers I've ever tasted.
The place is hip and comfortable at the same time. Also has a bocce ball court which I will be frequenting again during the summer.
The decor and atmosphere is perfect for dates or intimate gatherings like wedding or private parties. I don't normally give 5 star reviews but this place is awesome and you should go check it out.I give Martha a 4 because it's great for many reasons but there is definitely room for growth. I have to agree with other reviewers about the visibility of the menu and food selection. There is really nothing I would crave to eat here. I was missing the typical bar food menu and was hoping there could be a few items I could choose from. For this reason, I cannot review their food. Unfortunately, I wasn't interested in anything the menu offered. 
I definitely loved their selection of beer and atmosphere. I can't wait for springtime when the beer garden area opens! This place has definite potential and there is no doubt that I will be returning. Great neighborhood addition but please get some more menu options and maybe actual paper menus!!Wonderful staff, food and drinks.  Love all the ties with other local establishments.  Upstairs is very relaxed, we took our 1 year old who also enjoyed herself.  We will be back often!Hands down the most awesome local bar in Olde Kensington.  The cocktail mixology is second to none.  Very inventive.  Bartender Mike & staff craft new specials on the daily.  Tonight had the Black, Brown and Beige- Kinsey 10yr with grandad bonded, brown rice syrup and black walnut bitters.  The caramel notes were and Really dig their take on a Moscow Mule- jalapeño gives the sweetness a little kick.  Food menu is tight, focusing on craft sandwiches, veggies and soups with well developed flavor profiles.  Decor-wise, it's part found space, part giant living room with an amazing fireplace.  Diners can bring their own vinyl and spin.  Well worth the trek into the farther reaches of Greater Fishtown!First time in tonight, for our anniversary, and everything was top notch! Comfortable, uncomplicated and unpretentious interior with wonderful ambience. The music was appropriate, upbeat and chill and at the perfect volume to maintain conversation at the table. Our server was excellent; both attentive and friendly without trying to be our bestie. 
The food -- phenomenal! We enjoyed several amazingly savory veggies like the pickle boat (with outstanding squash kimchi, pickled carrots, snap peas and beets). We sampled cheese, and the BBQ'd cauliflower with roasted eggplant and barley salad. I had a profoundly fresh and delicious cucumber gazpacho. A perfect use of seasonal veggies with a delightfully zesty vinegar finish, it brought me back to the wonderful way in which my grandmother would make use of cukes, toms & onions from our garden in the summer. My other half plowed thru his ham hoagie and enjoyed an incredible Kensington Old Fashioned cocktail. 
Sated, we asked for the check and were delighted that the staff came back and comped us an absurdly divine dessert made with vinegar custard with fresh whipped cream and a coffee almond crunch topping that totally hit the spot. Such a genuinely generous way to honor our milestone, and a memorable finish to an extraordinary inaugural visit to this local Philly eatery & bar. We'll definitely be back!We have been to Martha many times. It has the greatest selection of local/ artisanal beers, wines and spirits that I've ever seen. It's a warm and very welcoming space and crowd, with interesting art. I especially like the bison head and black light jester. The vegan food selection is incredible, from the jawn and the veggie dishes (we usually get them all and share, since it's impossible to pick a favorite) to the amazing house-made pickles. Locally-made soups and desserts are also excellent.  We try to go to as many of Martha's special beer and wine events as we can because they feature creative food, local and unusual drinks, and we always learn something new!  Hanging out by the fireplace or the bocce court is relaxing and there are always interesting people to chat with!  Tremendous!not really a fan. nice layout and atmosphere but the menu is weird (hoagies, really?). most of their drinks are overpriced. nice in the winter tough because of the fireplace.Super chill and welcoming. The courtyard in the back is bonkers amazing, and it was cool to see so many kids having fun.
Excellent beer selection. Food options are limited, but what they provide is solid. Very happy after going to town on charcuterie and  cheese boards.
Pulling up the menu on my phone made me feel like Marty in Back to the Future. "Menus? Where we're going, we don't need (flips future shades down) menus."Best bar in Fishtown/Kensington. Bill is great. Vegan heaven. Fantastic cocktails. Great ambiance.  Not expensive. Don't pass this place up.Living in Philadelphia, miles away from home, my wife and I had been missing the laid-back kind of nights spent on a backyard patio, with great music playing, a couple drinks, and solid summer food you can eat at your leisure. Of course, there are plenty of wonderful outdoor seating areas at restaurants all around the city, but somehow the vibe just hasn't been quite right at these places; even when you're enjoying a meal at an aggressively trendy restaurant, you can tend to feel in-the-way, enthusiastic but not exactly RELAXED, pleased but not content.
Not so at Martha! We discovered this place sort of by accident, and were so glad we did. Located in a more out-of-the-way corner of Kensington, in a large former industrial space, Martha offers an experience that reminded us of best parts of our favorite college bar hangouts, updated with certain sensibilities of what you enjoy about long, listless evenings spent on your parents' patios back home. Far from being stodgy, the place has unpretentious, sincere servers, a sort of hip rustic aesthetic, GREAT local selections on virtually anything you order (food, drinks, beer, and dessert), and a multi-level outdoor seating area in the back that sprawls out with easygoing hospitality, accompanied by strings of lights, great music (i.e. The Replacements, among others), and a long bocce ball court nestled unobtrusively into the landscape. You could almost imagine this place being your cool buddy's garage/home converted into a bar that he opens up just to his friends.
Brief rundown of the food/drinks:
RECOMMENDED: Almost everything. I had the Italian hoagie, which was fantastic, flavored in such a way that I was reminded of certain breezy summers spent by the lake. The wine infused chocolates we had for dessert were great: dense, rich, flavorful. I really appreciated the wide range of beer, and my wife (who is gluten free and PARTICULAR on top of it) was able to have her locally made kombucha spiked  with gin. She also loved her cantaloupe gazpacho.
TWO CAVEATS: My wife was not impressed with the bean salad she ordered, saying it tasted mostly just like vegetables she could throw together at home. We also thought that all portions could have been SLIGHTLY larger to be more satisfying, but then again so much of it is local that it is understandable.
Bottom line is, we had one of the best evenings out at Martha since moving to Philly two years ago, and will be back.We recently had a party of 30 people in the outside area.  It was a perfect setting on a perfect day.  Johnny and his staff did a fantastic job.  I would suggest this unique spot in the city to all who want something different.  Its not the stuffy glitzy high priced usual, down to earth, friendly and within our budget.  Thank you to the who Martha Staff!!!!Martha is one of the coolest looking bars in Philly.....period!  It's on a little street right on the border of Kensington and Fishtown.  Its nearest neighbors are Philadelphia Brewing Company, Rowhouse Distillery, and Commonwealth Cider.  That should tell you a lot about it right there.  There are lots of little touches that elevate Martha - like all the fresh cut flowers and cloth napkins and cool eating niches showing films like Johnny Depp 's "Sleepy Hollow."  And I can't forget the charming outside eating and drinking garden replete with bocce court.  There are lots of beers on draught here as well as in bottles.  In fact there is lots of alcohol period and of course the products of its near neighbors are on offer.  The only letdown to me was the sandwich I ordered.  It was the Bologna Jawn with Lancaster beef bologna, kimchi, sesame aioli, pineapple preserves, pickled peppers, and greens.  Sounds great but there was just too much roll and too little of the ingredients for the price.   Philly is a sandwich town and one expects a little more meat, some more greens, hey even some more kimchi so I could actually taste it.  Oh well, I still have to give Martha a 5 star rating for being such a cool addition to the Philly scene!
Tip - There are a lot of vegan dishes on the menu so hang out with your vegan friends here ....Cool bar with a cool vibe. Came here during the day and found the place clean and welcoming.  Friendly staff and had the chance to meet the owner. Good spot. Would recommend and will come back.I live right around the corner from this place and my fiance and I have been eagerly awaiting it's open. We finally got in there the other night and were not disappointed! We ordered one Italian Hoagie and one Ham Sammy, and both were phenomenal. Let's start with the bread, they could have put a slice of kraft single wrapped cheese on it and I would come back weekly for one. Seriously, this bread rivals any baguette you'll get in Paris.  Instead they opted to put delicious meats and veggies and cheeses and sauces so instead I'm going to end up coming back daily because seriously these are incredible sandwiches. They come with potato chips that are cooked very well, not too thick and a nice crunch, they weren't over or under salted but just right. The beer selection is awesome, especially if you like sour beers. We also ordered some pickled fennel and celery which was also really really tasty. So yea the food there is incredible, and the prices are actually really moderate for this neighborhood these days which is a nice bonus. 
Also wanted to say something about the atmosphere inside, we saw them working in there building this place out for months when we walked our dog. You can really see it paid off, you walk inside and it's like you are no longer in the city but more in a cozy ski lodge in the mountains. They have a rustic fireplace which really sets a nice mood. I'm really excited to have a place like this close by, we'll definitely be back often. 
My only request is they open up for lunch service or at least takeout, those sandwiches would be perfect for a quick bite to grab and go. Pleeeeeeease!I have eaten at Martha over a dozen times and I just cannot find the words to express how impressed I am with the high quality ingredients they use. For one, their tomato pie is delicious and refreshing, with the salad on top.
Service is always professional and en pointe. They have a gorgeous outdoor eating garden for when the weather is cooperative.  Their selection of beverages is amazing!Martha is a shining example of the great food and drink joints that have recently opened in this area of the city. 
Located on the corner of a residential street, the space itself is cozy and full of character, while at the same time the high ceilings and loft give it a modern, open and airy feel. I am a huge fan of the dim lighting and wood burning fire place, but I do realize this may not be for everyone (I had no trouble reading the menu on the screen from where I was sitting, and did not experience any smoke-outs from the fire). 
The food is so so so good. Especially the pickled vegetables. What I expected to be tasty run-of-the-mill pickled veggies turned out to be something I continued to crave for days after. Each element in the dish has its own unique vinegar bite- some vegetables were sweet, some salty, some spicy. I was especially a fan of the kimchee. 
My dining partner and I also ordered the cheese board which was equally as fun to eat. The board came with a few compotes/honey/nuts, and our waitress went as far as to let us know which cheeses would pair best with which accompaniments, and which combinations the kitchen suggested to avoid. This brings me to the service- it seemed that there was no designated waitress per table, but rather a team effort from the whole staff. I appreciate this style of service because it is typically more attentive. There was always someone available to answer our questions and put more drink/food orders in.
We ordered the chocolate peanut butter truffles with jam and potato chips for dessert. I was intrigued by the potato chip element and I must say, it made the whole dish.   
Drinks were great, but I prefer cocktails that are mixed on the spot as opposed to barrel cocktails. Still a really neat idea though. 
Overall, Martha is a must-try and I can't wait to come back!I came here a couple weeks ago on a Friday evening and have been meaning to write this rave review ever since. It was my second visit to Martha, but the first time was on their opening week and the place was packed and complete with frazzled waitstaff. So, we biked over to try it again and were greeted with a mostly-empty bar. We opted to sit outside, and were introduced to the martha.menu, which works amazingly well. The patio is eclectic and adorable, with lots of greenery, hanging lights, and mismatched furniture. 
After eyeing up the bocce court, our super friendly / knowledgable server (a bearded guy in a phanatic shirt), urged us to try it out, and even helped coach us a bit and tell us the rules. We played for a while, sipping on various awesome beers and ciders at our server's recommendation. We grabbed a table a little later on and ordered a pickle bowl, which was delicious and obviously homemade. The patio filled up a bit and quite a few people brought dogs (I always give extra props for being dog friendly!). It ended up being a perfect Friday night thanks to Martha! I'll be back ASAP.What's the hype about?  My experience here was very unimpressive.  From the pretentious waitress to the mediocre sandwich, I was confused as to why this place was rated.  So many other great, friendly places to go in this neighborhood.  So disappointed.  Won't be coming back.Marlena is so personable and an amazing bartender. So attentive to everyone's needs. And always with a smile on her faceGood bar for good beers. But the food was expensive for what you get. Think twice before you order anything​ from cheese and charcuterie section....It's astonishing how little you get. Don't mind returning for drinks only though.(Amended post) Unique place. Check it out! A great stop in the Fishtown, Kensington Area. Sandwiches and pickled vegetables are great!Martha is the joint you 'never see coming.'
To start, they did away with the traditional paper menu for projectors, or a couple of tablets floating around the restaurant, or you can find their offerings on your personal device at Martha.menu -- did I see that coming? No. In addition to wines on tap, Martha also serves a number of signature cocktails from a tap -- would have totally missed that! Also, during the spring they serve as one of the fields for Philly's burgeoning Bocce ball scene -- never would have guessed.
Martha has a minimalist menu and knowledgeable staff. Its decor is heavy-wood new americana, modern, and suits the industrial digs which it occupies. I think the funders have done a fine job at letting the show runners tune this operation to its unique setting. It's long way from its Marathon Grill siblings -- didn't see that one coming ;)AMAZING VEGAN FOOD!! I had the hoagie and the pear cake - SUPERswoon. Highly recommended, sooooo good. 
Great music, excellent staff - they even opens up 15 min early for my buddy and I. Couldn't have been happier that we chose to eat & drink here.
I'll be back, no question.Yum! Try the bologna sandwich. This ain't yo mamas bologna jawn! Also, they have a great beer selection and a comfy atmosphere. Two thumbs up, and five stars. Check it outWas excited to visit Martha- we're not from the  Fishtown area, but always like exploring interesting new places to eat. The decor here is really neat, and the beer choices substanative. We were disapointed in our food, though- Just kind of "meh". The veg quiche was a particular letdown. One plus- we did not feel at all rushed.I visited this this cozy, neighborhood bar in Fishtown this week and really enjoyed the cocktails and the beers on tap.  The outside area is very nice to meet a friend for a drink for some interesting conversation.One of my new favorite places in fishtown/Kensington. Great Wine and Beer selection. Creative and unique tapas style food.  Killer atmosphere and great staff.  Natasha is the best!My New find!
Friendy people, Awsome space and great vegetarian options... My husband enjoyed the Italian hoagie, made with fresh ingredients.
I tried the pickle boat I will give a 5 start but the Bbq grilled cauliflower is out of this world awesome. 
I will come to try more...I love it here!!! My favorite is the vegan Jawn! Shut the front door! It is veggie coldcuts but not fake meat. Amazing!!!!! I bring people every other week so they can be amazed too. Love the hummus and they have the best kombucha in all the land on tap, funky fresh ferments! Love all the staffPerfect hang-out gastro pub. Great apps and sandwiches with a spectacular collection of drinks. Not to mention very friendly and helpful service.I went to Martha's with a group of 7 friends to celebrate my girlfriend's birthday after throwing axes at UrbanAxe which is conveniently located about a block away. The restaurant is beautiful inside and the outside patio is perfect during nice weather. They even have an official bocce ball court in the back. The patio is great for groups and they were able to seat our party without advanced notice.
Despite the great atmosphere we left feeling disappointed about the food (which detracted a star from my review). The hoagies (which my friends ordered) are shorter than normal and much skinnier because they were skimpy with the meat and cheese. This isn't the size of the typical pizza shop or WaWa hoagie. We questioned the server in advance about the size of the hoagie and how filling they are but she immediately became defensive and lied to us when we pressed further. Since I'm gluten intolerant they were able to do a hoagie on lettuce instead of bread which was very appreciative. The beer menu was composed of a good selection of microbrews but don't expect to order common beers like Yuengling or Budweiser because they aren't on the menu.
I dropped a second star because of service. The server had a bad attitude and was overly sarcastic. She seemed rather pissed off and snarky. We did not appreciate this attitude and it was the worst part of our experience. She should seriously consider a career outside of hospitality because it doesn't seem to be a good fit with her personality.Great space. I do wish their menu was on paper for us visually impaired and maybe their dinner menu could be a little bigger but love the local aspect of the menu and really great space.I wish their menu could be a bit more consistent. Dishes may or may not be available for no apparent reason.This is a neighborhood mainstay for me. Their food is, admittedly, a little pretentious for a neighborhood bar, but damn, is it delicious. The pickles are always great, and I salivate like one of Pavlov's dogs at the very idea of their Italian hoagie. Fun fact: I don't like Italian hoagies as a rule, but I LOVE this one. I also had some incredible borscht last night. Their beer selection is always on point. Their bartenders never fail with a cocktail. The service is always good. Their indoor and outdoor seating areas are both great. Bonus: there's always some nice, quiet event on Monday evenings--usually a cheese/meat/liquor tasting of some sort. Totally free, and they pass around snacks too. If you're in the area, this is the bar to hit.My first trip was just during their "soft opening" week.  I'm intrigued by their approach and admit I enjoy that  it's not like the other spots in the area.  I should note, however, this is only a couple blocks from me and the closest bar with food in my neighborhood and Im maybe a little biased as a result.  The worst I can say is the bartender, who was super friendly, wasnt quite as attentive as I'd like.  I expect he didnt want to crowd us but I'd have ordered at least one more drink if he hadn't spent so much time giving us "space".  I expect a lot will be learned in the coming weeks.
The atmosphere looks great though the lighting hanging over the bar, makes it difficult to read the projected menu directly above the bar. . I like the vibe and enjoy what they've done.  The menu is interesting and focusing on "local" but almost by out-sourcing the area gems, like the delicious duck sausage from Pickled Heron, a local byob.  There's also Little Baby's ice-cream as part of a dessert offering.  The only soup was delicious, but that's no surprise as it's from the area's Good Spoon, soupy.  There's lots of local cheese, that looks great and charcuterie from Nick Macri's Ladivisa meats.  Im kinda stoked how they are local-sourcing the menu this way!
The food is good and the drinks too, though my friend was less impressed that all the cocktails are on tap so theyre not mixed on the spot, but poured.  The old fashioned was a bit too sweet but the dad's hat rye cocktail was great.  Im looking forward to more diversity on the menu, as there's 3 hoagie offerings (one that's vegetarian) and a spectacular vegetable section on their menu and then cheese also dessert.  It's very veggie/vegan friendly.  I think I'd like to see something for snacking though, like chips or nuts.  The menu doesn't offer a lot of salty unhealthy things I like and have grown accustomed to having at a bar worth camping out and drinking an evening away in.
Im really looking forward to them getting into a groove and improving in the way that seems inevitable.  I think I'll be spending a LOT of time here, and I'm almost rooting for some snowy days so I can come and enjoy drinking near their fireplace!Great spot with tons of good vegan options, fantastic cocktails and an excellently curated draft beer lineup. The outside is great in the warm weather with a little bocce court too!Delicious everything, refreshingly new take on the local food and drink spot. High ceilings, cozy but not stuffy, it's a great place to meet up & chat over drinks.A+ value, food quality, and service.  Beer selection was good but i think i was expecting more.  Still, had some winners that are harder to find.  Cheese board was very generous and tasty, with ample fresh baguette.  Tomato pie was very good.  It was sort of rainy so we didn't venture out to the back patio area, but i'd like to return and check it out.  Indoor seating was expansive, but the bartenders (we sat at the bar) were attentive and friendly.  I get the complaints about the menu, sort of (from where i was sitting, both projections were a little hard to see), but it's really not a big deal.  Get up and walk to where you can see.  I wish this were closer to my home!'What is some of this stuff on the menu? My friends and I are pretty big foodies and we all had no idea what some of the stuff was (especially in drinks)."
"Confusing interior design concept.
Visibility of menu is awful.  Cannot see it from any angle.  
Dark dining room is not inviting.  Feels like you walked into an opium den."
I swear: sometimes I go on Yelp for the cringe-factor. This is a new business that I deeply want to see succeed. 
Martha is world-class. 
I'm far from Bourdain or even what one might term "foodie"; But I've been fortunate to sample a wide variety of restaurants, high and low: from Gallicean pulperias to UK pubs so farm to table that they serve pigeon, lamb's heart and beef kidneys; bad French restaurants with attractive people, San Francisco brewpubs with awful people, blah blah blah. Martha ranks among the top places I've been to for the following reasons:
1) Originality: The food is different and special, ultimately from the heart. There is an incredible, inventive use of ingredients that emerges from a real passion for cooking and trying new things. No, this is not creativity with junkfood like so many other Philly places. The food plays with fermentation, fresh ingredients, classics like a salami hoagie redone in inventive ways. You come here to try something new. I am aware that people want staples, and I often do too; but here is a place that is pushing things a bit at a reasonable price. The beer rivals other top spots in the city, and they always feature some very hard to find bottles. Wine I imagine is equally good, considering that the list is long and curated.
2) Decor: Martha's lighting, artwork, seating is clean and totally unique. Its sexy - an awesome date-spot I imagine. I'm sick of new restaurants teleporting me back to the Prohibition era. Its actually whitewashing all American cities into this simulacrum of pseudo- "integrity" and "authenticity". Martha is actually genuine, because they took time to give the place a singular feel. The black-lighting and different colored lights give the place a really unique, surreal vibe. Pairs well with the buzzy fermented food and a Tired Hands.
That Martha is here, in Kensington, shows how Philly has world class dining options around the city. The owner always stops and says hello, inquires about the food and seems sincerely invested in the food and drink.This place is amazing. The ambiance. The food (definitely not your typical bar food) plus you pull up the menu on your phone, they don't print it! Talk about cool! The beer and drinks are unbelievable. And when the weather is good go outside to the patio and sit under the lights streamed over the space. Service is amazing, everyone is friendly and attentive. This is my favorite bar in philly, I would move here for this place. Plus when you come make sure to order the pickle boat (amazing pickled veggies) and some world class sour beer! Enjoy!What a fantastic new spot!! The food was fantastic and creative, and very friendly to diet restrictions. Vibe is easy going and low key, great for a group of friends to hang out or for a date. Happy hours on Mondays it's the place to be. They have drink specials and usually special guests with tastings of local products. I'll definitely be here on the regular.So impressed. Very sleek looking place. Beer and food was on point. Got this hop hand beer that was out of this world. In regards to food, lots of vegan options :). I had the vegan jawn which was a unique and delicious take on a bahn mi. Staff was cool and welcoming. Certainly appreciated the skate videos playing on the projector as well.Atmosphere: 5 stars
Beer selection: great, unique
Food: banging but overpriced (ham hoagie was excellent, pepperoni was great)
Service: a bit slow, but we were in no hurryI really love this little jawn (see what I did there..) and it's right around the corner from my house! Great snacks, hoagies, and beer! My only gripe... is they aren't open for brunch! Come on Martha.. if you feed them, they will come ;)Cool neighborhood bar with a great vibe and good beer selection. I appreciated the Jackie chan movie projected on the wall. Open and inviting space that would be great for something like a birthday party. Would definitely come back.Martha is easily one of my favorite newer bars in the city. The atmosphere is usually pretty relaxed, even when it's busy. The selection of wines, local beers/spirits is incredible. They also make some killer hoagies and snacks. On top of that, the staff is knowledgeable and extremely friendly. I highly recommend this place for people looking for a classy but really fun experience.The cocktails are hit or miss. The "stew" is very thin and definitely more of a soup. The vegan jawn hoagie is apparently very good - suspiciously meaty, even. The atmosphere is pleasant on a Saturday night - full but not crowded. The wait service is okay; not very attentive but fine. Beer and wine selection is good, with the added bonus that the bar staff can't mess it up. Nice outdoor space.Went here last night with my girlfriend for a unique dining experience, and I would say Martha delivers. We walked into the place, and I liked the casual and intimate atmosphere it had.  I do no mind the dark/moody lighting of a place and feel it adds to the relaxed nature of the bar. Our waitress was totally awesome  and was good on answering any questions about the menu. She would also have some fun banter with us and made us really feel welcomed. 
The food was pretty awesome to say the least, and decently priced. I like the idea of tapas style dining and being able to try everything. The pork and duck pate was freakin' heavenly, the goat and tribly were delicious (especially the goat because I love strong cheeses), and the beets were delicious and had that nice spicy chocolate feel. The Italian hoagie was pretty amazing! The roll had a great crunch to it and the meats were so fresh! I also love their beer selection and you are bound to find a good craft brew.
This is a place I would highly recommend if you are looking for somewhere different to eat that does not have the usual bar fare. I imagine this would turn a few people off, but I think if you gave it a shot then you might enjoy it. I do hope to return here for a drink and some nosh!I'm addicted to their vegan hoagie.
The menu is limited but interesting - the mushrooms with barley are delicious as well as the pickle boat (which has an interesting and unique assortment). Drink list is quite extensive. Impressive decor.
The service is a bit unusual - there is no hostess and I've never seen more than two servers, so it is definitely not a quick meal. But if you want to chill out, eat some awesome hoagies and pickles, drink a beer, and watch a film on a huge projected screen, this is the right place.Absolutely loved it!  The ambience, food, drinks... all great and surprisingly inexpensive!  This will be a new go-to for my boyfriend and me!Was in town visiting a friend. We stumbled upon this place, such a great crowd. We sat upstairs on the couch, just a great place to go with friends for a fun night. Not too pricey, music is a little loud, but fun good music. Got the pickles, squash and parsnips. So delicious. Will def be back when I am back in town.I've been here a few times - its nice to have options in the neighborhood and this place ads to the mix - the space is lovely a really nice renovation of an existing garage. Everything else is OK - service could be better, pours could be longer (i mean i'd like a glass of wine not a sip), and the portions could be a bit more for the price. The cheese plate almost looked like it was just left over smears on a board - nothing here is really a meal - more a kid sized snack. Sorry that's not a "hoagie", it's a finger sandwich. Also, I can't stand the refusal to print  menus - I don't want to log on my phone to see the menu, it's annoying, and the board is not always easy to see or read depending on where you are sitting.Love this place! Service was the best we ever had, she knew about everything on the menu and all about the beers. Our food was awesome from the soup, cheeses, and hoagies we even had dessert. Can't wait to go back for more.Great spot to stop and grab a drink! If it's nice outside they have a cute beer garden attached to the main bar. 
They don't have any menus printed out so be prepared to look on your phone for a full list of options. There's a nice variety of cocktails, wine and beer. I loved the Martha Mule, which is essentially a spicy version of a Moscow Mule.One of the best spots to have a drink with friends in Philadelphia!
1: The Cozy/relaxing atmosphere and welcoming staff are perfectly in tune with a local Hooch Hound's psyche. 
2: Jonny and "Bartender Billy" each have a knack for turning any situation into the perfect pairing of local spirits and a vegetarian/vegan or otherwise hoagie. (Joe Beddia of Pizzeria Beddia is making the bread for Martha's sandwiches and hoagies!)
3: Must stop shop for anyone into Local beer / spirits / food.
4: My challenge to anyone is to call over Jonny and ask him to educate you on "Sour beer." I promise you neither novice nor seasoned vet will not be disappointed by either his knowledge or tremendous beard.
5: Those 25 ish taps behind the bar are not all delicious beer... included are wine, cocktails and non-alcoholic drinks (kombucha) ON TAP!!!!!!!!!!!
6. Follow @marthakensington on IG to see upcoming releases / events. Well maintained artsy account. Have had Oxbow and Vault in the house for private events!
In conclusion: The staff at Martha are doing God's work spreading the gospel of local drinking and eating. Must try place with must meet staff.
Drinks: A+
Food: A+
Ambiance: A++ (Backyard patio area is a sleeper pick for spring.)
People: A+Martha is located in an eclectically configured barn of a space-- managing to be "a lot" without being "too much." Met up with some good people for drinks on a Saturday night and it was busy but not oppressively so.
I'm always on the search for a sandwich that offers that sweet combination of ham, dijon mustard, arugula, pickles, and cheese. It is a rare combination-- but such a simple one. So I was pretty blown away by the Back2Skool hoagie. Will definitely come back here exclusively for the purpose of stuffing my face with this sandwich and only this sandwich. Service was attentive and people were nice.
Solid list of wine and cocktails and all, but I will say this: A full ten years after I started drinking, Philadelphia's beer scene still sucks, if evidenced by several local brews offered on the menu here.
And they still got five stars.
Lovely patio.High accolades for my first visit. At first I was kind of "meh," but I gave myself a moment to take it all in and COMMENCE BLOWN MIND. Firstly, there's a pickle boat. And just asking for a pickle boat was far more pleasant than I ever could have imagined. There's Kombucha, wonderful, wonderful beer. It's a true ode to fermentation. I had a very good glass of red followed up by a yummy imperial stout. Nearly everything is local & I really dig that as well. The menu is a little esoteric, but the selection is very inviting. I enjoyed the ambiance as well. Black light anything is a proven crowd pleaser. But the big sell was (wait for it in a way only Sylvester Stallone can) the complete & utter perfection in functionality. This is literally masturbatory material for restaurant professionals. The walk in is behind the bar, taps are on the wall, kitchen is on wheels. Literally- it's 
able to be wheeled out of the way- for deliveries, cleaning, flood waters, demons, whatever. Holy shit- why didn't I think of this?!???!!!  I'm excited to try this spot again. I have a feeling it won't disappoint.Great happy hour specials, huge beer selection. Food is limited to hoagies, but they're pretty delicious. Quick service, located off the main roads, so it's a chill spot.So...Ive been wanting to try Martha for sometime but always kind of forget its there...tucked away over on the "other side" of Frankford Ave. I was put off a little by the server just not even informing us about the menu ...not being printed...got our drinks and came back asking if I was ready....which I wasn't .... because I didnt know I had to look up the menu on my phone. (Suggestion: have a tablet handy for guests who dobt have a smart phone)
I ordered all the meats for charcuterie...all the cheeses for a cheese board...a salad with peas...fennel...micro greens and onions
and a roasted heirloom tomato and squash salad. Alllllll....were ok....nothing special. The up side was the cost. If I had paid more I would have been mad but ...dinner for 2 with wine was 68.00
The wine ...a rosetta...a new "orange" wine was corked....tasted like port and had broken cork in it but still was served to us. Train your servers to 1. Intro duce themselves...ask about drinks and inform guests about the menu situation....2. If your guests dont have a phone ...provide a cheap tablet you can get at Walmart. 3. Take order and enjoyAmazing cocktail menu with all local spirits; pushing the boundaries of taste! Very creative cocktails that use kvas, chartreuse, home-made tinctures, kale juice and the list goes on. Beautifully decorated, functional space and attentive, knowledgeable staff. Will definitely be back!One of our favorite spots. Love love love the vegan jawn sandwich and a great beer (Tired Hands, Vault etc..) Pickles are great too. Awesome music, weird old movies and super cool vibe complete the picture. We are big fans of the whole Martha experience !Just wanted to give a shout out to the amazing Martha! Love, love, love, all we need is Martha! Billy just slams it out of the park! Thank you for your delicious menu and vino. This place just makes it all ok in the world!I really enjoyed Martha. We came in for some drinks and light snacks. They had some good options for the beer drinkers and the liquor drinkers in our group. The music was pretty relaxed and interesting during our day trip.  It was winter when I came, but I'm looking forward to the courtyard now that the weather is warmer. 
I tasted some sort of savory waffle thing that was pretty good and I think we got some pickled bullshit on a plate that I also liked. I look forward to coming back again soon.
The online menu thing is a little odd. I suppose it makes sense to keep everything updated. They should put some QR codes on coasters so that you can scan them as an easy link to the menu. Typing in a bar is for suckers. 
Sucker.Martha, Philadelphia's hottest new cocktail bar, shall I say more? Yes, as a matter of fact I shall. Walking into the establishment I had quite high hopes. However upon entry I must say I was highly dissapointed. I was not greeted with an overly warm welcome, nor Martha Stewart offering me insider deals on stock. After that initial horsehockey experienced I was still willing to give the place a shot. The dissapointment continued however after I sat down. Im unsure if it was the seven hits of acid i took befote i entered the coctail bar or not, but it was extremely upsetting when my waitress turned into a dragon and breathed fire at the other customers. My food also lost some of its luster once I saw another customer's face melt off into their soup. Once I got finished dropping an upper decker in the men's room second stall I paid my bill and moseyed my way out. P.s. check out my t-shirt shop, Antonio Sanchez out.Literally the best place to day drink in philly. Bloody Maria's, sour beer, kombucha!
Jonny Medlinsky has created the perfect environment to enjoy local drinks, food and philly spirits with your friends.Just your local hipster bar wheee everything is locally or regionally sources. Serves charcuterie and cheese boards, local beers. They even go so far as to tell you where the firewood is sourced from.2nd review. Awesome spot. Great use of space. Cocktails are unique and super duper tasty. Dig the food, lots of vegan options. Has a great crowd, good mix. Love the staff. Been here many times and will keep coming backHip little spot with a great bar. Had some awesome cocktails and small snacks. I got the turkey sandwich and it was delicious. Waitress was very attentive and we got served pretty fastWent with a group and found this place to be annoying. Space is awesome and beautiful. 
Why are there no menus? You either have to crane your neck to see the board and squint to read it or pull it up on your phone. Paper menus are a thing that has been invented. this place should use them.
What is some of this stuff on the menu? My friends and I are pretty big foodies and we all had no idea what some of the stuff was (especially in drinks). I don't mean this in a good way, I mean it in a "I have zero idea what is even in this drink way"
Pretty limited menu. Some of the beers come in annoying tiny cups. Cheese is interesting,  the sandwiches are great, but everything else is a little weird. It feels like the place is trying to be too hipster and edgy and just kind of overall fails. Decor is on point but food needs work.
Why is there no sign indicating where the bathrooms are? Me and another guest had no clue where they were and tried to open a door leading to the outside. Just label them. 
They have the single most confusing receipts when paying. We were a group and it made absolutely zero sense to us what to do. The waitress apologized and admitted that the receipts were terrible. 
Overall, the space is amazing, but the food and some other things about the experience need some work.Had been here a few times for drinks and charcuterie, and was looking for a place to host about 20 people pre-wedding. From the time my email inquiry was answered, to discussing options (which are different from usual menu), to booking and eating there, Sean was wonderful. He and the chef, Jordie, discussed our likes, and accommodated vegetarian and child options for our guests. We used the loft space and though small, had plenty of room to be comfortable. The food was amazing, all our guests raved about it, and no one would have guessed dessert was vegan...so good. I read reviews here about staff being rude or pretentious, but we have never experienced anything like that. Highly recommend for a private party, or just a casual night out.The 'vegan jawn' is one of the greatest vegan sandwiches I've ever had in my life.  Seriously I can't stop thinking about it.Martha is a neighborhood favorite stop. They have a great selection of beers, local cheese, and meats as well. 
The staff is friendly, and food is prepared quickly and brought right over to you. I usually tend to get the cheese plate because who doesn't love trying new cheese, honey, and usually pickled foods with them. 
If you have a party of 1 or a party of 8, there is usually seating options available, and if it is nice outside, you can sit in the outdoor area as well.Little pricey, but really good cocktails. My boyfriend enjoyed his old fashioned and I got a lavender spritz cocktail which was very good. We also got a charcuterie board which was good. Their outdoor seating area is cute and they have boccie ball in the back.Dined here for the first time last night and absolutely loved it!!! The entire atmosphere was inviting and the the food was even better. Our server, Sydney, was super friendly. I loved her!! She recommended the hummus and the "vegan jawn."
Everything was top notch. Definitely will return. Highly recommend!Great new spot. Amazing drinks (lots of local options to boot) and great food. The vibe and decor are really cool as well. This is a great spot and you will be happy you went. One of the coolest bars to open in the last year.Martha was the final stop on our nice Saturday of brewery hopping in Fishtown. Martha is your quintessential neighborhood bar, dedicated to all things local. They have an extensive list of local brews. I was most impressed, however, with the servers who were very knowledgeable, passionate, and did an excellent job of making recommendations.Came here on Sunday for the first time and LOVED it. Great vegan options and beer selection. Perfect ambiance and great service. Can't wait to go again.A favorite healthy spot. Everything is delicious. Highlights are vegan jawn and Martha mi sandwiches. Funky Fresh kombucha is amazing as well