Just went there for a lunch date with my boyfriend and we both left very satisfied.  I got the falafel italiano and he got the italian stallion and the chicken noodle soup.  They offered sharp provolone in the soup, which was genius and delicious!  The owner was very friendly when she rang us up and she even took the time to walk around the eating area to see if everyone was enjoying their food.  
I would definitely recommend and I will be going back!Great Italian bistro feel to this gem of a sandwich shop. Marie is a wonderful host with helpful hints as you peruse a tantalizing menu of favors she can put on a roll. A great place for lunch!The sammies are Ok. There are only 7 so there is a limited variety.
The service feels very forced. The try to over explain each sandwich while they make it. They act like their lunch meat is worthy of a story..darn annoying is what it is. 
Forget breakfast. They have some muffen with eggs in them. I got one with sausage..it was also a show, with the little muffin thing brought out from the back like it was the star of its own little show..and it did not taste good. 
So here is some free advice for the U of Penn owners. Focus on making good sandwiches, add a few special ones to add variety. And for petes sake, stop the song and dance around every order.
Update...they have made some positive changes and even added some salads. I find myself going there more often.I am happy to see that another independently owned business has popped up in the neighborhood.  This married couple brings an inventive option to the Comcast-set and to Logan circle!  Thank goodness as it is nice to have an option that is not underneath the comcast tower and that is not a 7-11 or an Au Ban Pain.  The few times that I have been here the food has been delicious and the staff has been accommodating and friendly! I hope that this business is successful and will continue to frequent it when I have the opportunity.Update: they added some great options and got their service down. It's a great Fresh family owned business In center city. Check it out.I had Matt & Marie's for the first time today during my lunch hour. I ordered a Roman Calvary and my co-worker had the Italian Stallion. We both agreed that the bread was good - chewy, moist, and just the perfect amount of exterior crunch. Though the meat was thinly sliced, each bite of the sandwich packed a bunch of flavor from the meet. The only downside to the Roman Calvary was that they had applied too much of the balsamic vinegarette - so the bread become a bit too soggy and tart in certain bites. For the Italian Stallion, the provolone cheese was too sharp and the pickled vegetables could have been pickled longer.
Overall, I would definitely visit Matt & Marie's again for another one of their sandwiches and/or breakfast item.BEST meatball sub in Philly. This place doesn't feel like fast food like many of the Rittenhouse lunch spots due. Their old Rittenhouse location was a little bit quieter, but still a nice spot that's not too packed. Best sandwich bread in the city and high quality Italian ingredients in everything they make. Fast service too, and they serve breakfast and have veggie options. Put a smile on my face today!Super tasty sandwiches, creative and surprising specials, in my office building. The trifecta.I had the pleasure of eating at Matt & Marie's last Wednesday while visiting Philly.  I go to Philly a good amount from NYC and always looking for a good lunch spot.  The place right away gives you an upscale sandwich shop feel. Super clean and crisp looking.  The staff was super friendly and inviting as you walk through the door.  They walked me through the options and I decided to go with the Uncle Guys' Turkey sandwich.  I love the personal touch they give you as they make your sandwich to tell you about the ingredients in the sandwich.  The price seems perfectly reasonable for such a high quality sandwich.
I sat down at the communal table and inhaled my lunch.  I couldn't eat it fast enough, it was one of the best sandwiches I've ever had, I also bought some dark chocolate milano's that they sell at the cashier counter! A nice touch if you ask me!
If I worked in the area I would see myself having lunch there most days.  Such a nice change from the usual sandwich shops.  The high quality of ingredients really makes a huge difference.
I highly recommend everyone in the area to stop by and order up some deliciousness!Probably one of the best sandwiches in the city! Got the Uncle Guy's turkey and cannot wait to try others on the menu! Love everything about this place!Their menu is great- no way to compare to them to hoagies from a convenience store. $9 is a bargain for quality ingredients, plus fast, custom service. Fresh bread, veggie and meat options, plus wonderful staff- recommend to anyone.Really awesome hoagies. They deliver too, and it's a great price. We ordered 7 hoagies on Saturday for $63 and they were delivered within thirty minutes. Great spot and really fresh rolls.Picked up an order for four today at 1pm. Service was prompt and despite a few changes/additions to our sandwiches, our orders were made correctly. Always a tiny victory.
Prices have changed since they first opened. Aaliyah P, veggie sandwiches are now $1-$1.50 than meats. Good stuff! I enjoyed the Roman Calvary for $8.10. Doubly soft + chewy bread and a fine amount of meat + cheese + arugula. Frankly, I appreciate the fact that these sandwiches aren't overstuffed. They go down easy and don't leave you feeling like you inhaled an entire pig afterwards. 
It's a lovely walk from my office at Broad and Chestnut. I'll be back for sure.UPDATE:
Owner reached out to me with a very thoughtful and well written message about my concerns.  Can't wait to go visit.
OLD REVIEW:
To be clear, we did not eat here.  We tried.  Walked a mile to get here to find them closed during their normal business hours.  No info on Yelp or their website saying they would be closed - so we just assumed they were open.  Instead just a bunch of deliveries left at the front door and the lights out.
Also, their website needs to be revamped rom a user perspective.  There is no simple menu.  It's all pictures that you need to click on then expand and then read each item.  Super annoying if you simply want to see if thy have a vegetarian option, etc
I'll try them again if I'm in the neighborhood and update my rating if it warrants.Nice good sandwich and a solid roll. Toppings and dressing make the sandwich complete. Awesome pairings but drinks and chips were extra.I had an issue with the food I was served... but I was really impressed with the way the owner marie reached to me to personally resolve the issue. This is not typical anymore... great service.  thanks!Got the meatball sandwich because of the reviews and it was the best meatball sandwich I've ever had! Not soggy and messy like most meatball sandwiches and the best part was the little smiley face they put on the wrappingVery good sandwiches and coffee.  The hardest part was finding parking to pick the food up -- maybe this is more for the people who work in the area.  We were visiting the city and going to museums, it turned out  to be quite inconvenient.Great addition to CC for lunch.  Everything is fresh and tasty.  My only issue is that the bread overpowers all the sandwiches - they need to balance out the sandwiches with a bit more meat.Love Matt & Marie's! We ordered catering for a small graduation gathering the other week and everyone at our party was blown away by how delicious the sandwiches and sides were! My absolute favorite is the Italian Stallion. Not only was the food delicious, the service was awesome too! Thank you so much Marie for making it so easy!!!I had a yummy Italian sandwich at M&Ms.
Philly is the city of hoagies and cheesesteaks, but Matt & Maries definitively shift the scene with their delicious Italian sandwiches. I had a eggplant mozza chicken combo and it was delicious.
I also appreciated the free treat (it was Halloween week). The atmosphere was chill with not too loud music and warming colors. 
Finally, being greeted with a large smile is always a plus.
Will definitively come back for more!I've had my fair share of sandwiches and this shop ranks right up there. I've been eating here for months and have tried each of their sandwiches at least once. The product is always fresh and the ingredients are high end. Also, their desserts and sides are very creative - versus the traditional chocolate chip cookie or brownie sandwich shop option. The staff and owners always have smiles on their faces, the place is super clean and they're set up efficiently - meaning you're not waiting for 15-20mins during a lunch rush. Very highly recommended shop.Ducati Dealer Sandwich - Hot Sausage mixed with english cucumbers and fresh ingredients.  It doesn't get any better.  
This sandwich reminded me of the food down in Austin, TX.  The ingredients were top choice, fresh, and the flavors were well balance leaving me wanting more.  This shouldn't be placed in the same bucket and a basic hoagie and sandwich shop.  Matt & Marie's offers gourmet signature sandwiches that excite your taste buds.
Pair all of this with a Mexican Coca-Cola made with Sugar Cane and you'll have self an excellent lunch!Great lunch spot in the heart of center city. If you're looking for a quick and fairly priced sandwich, then definitely check out Matt & Marie's! Also, if you have a SEPTA Pass you get a discount!I love a good Italian sandwich so when I read the article on Philly.com I knew this was a place I wanted to try. I walk past it on my way to work and today was the day. 
I walked in to find a modern style deli counter with large paper rolls hanging on the wall with the menu written out. The menu was simple with about 8 sandwiches on it. The Capri caught my eye first since I love fresh mozzarella but after looking at all the choices I went with the Italian Stallion. All fresh Italian meats and cheeses including salami, coppa and sharp provolone served on a seeded Italian roll. The pepperoncini aioli was excellent with the right amount of spice.  It was the right balance of meat, cheese and bread. I will definitely be back to try the Capri and the Uncle G...roasted turkey with crispy pancetta? Yes, please!!I guess I got the wrong thing. The chicken special was ok, but about 60% bread.  If I go back I'll stick to their recommendation of the Italian stallion or turkey.I brought my team here for lunch today and everybody loved it! I got the turkey sandwich that was SO great.  The perfect ratio of meat to bread (I like meat!).  My team members are raving about the Italian Stallion and the Prosciutto sandwich.  Everybody was impressed by the home made, high quality meats and toppings.Awesome sandwiches served quick and friendly.   Great fresh bread and ingredients.   Italian Stallion is my favoriteThis place has decent sandwiches but doesn't quite live up to its own hype. 
I've had two of their sandwiches:  (1) the Italian Stallion, which is similar to an Italian hoagie except instead of lettuce tomato and onions they give you a house made pepper relish. I was looking forward to the relish but I found it really didn't add much to the sandwich and I was missing the freshness of lettuce and tomatoes. The seeded roll was very good though.  (2) the Uncle Guys turkey sandwich is like a turkey club except pancetta instead of bacon an arugula instead of lettuce. I thought this one was better than the Italian.
A couple things I don't like about this place. One is that there seems to be no option to vary the sandwich ingredients. The other is the way they "narrate" the building of the sandwich as you wait for it, which I think is unnecessary and a bit pretentious.
The sandwiches here are not cheap so keep in mind that you will be paying $9 for just your sandwich which is a little pricey.   Overall, I wasn't blown away by Matt and Marie's, but if you work in the neighborhood it would be a decent option for a take out sandwich.Ordered the meatball Parm and for $9.50 I expected better.  You get 4 undersized bland meatballs, a couple of slices of provolone and a very salty "homemade" marinara sauce.  The only thing saving this place from a one star rating is that the staff was very nice.  There are many other lunch options in the area that are a way better value. Won't be going back.So went to Matt and Marie's for the first time today at a recommendation by a friend. Totally worth the time and parking cost. I was torn between the Nana's Tuna sandwich and the Peita Pastrami. Ended up going with the Peita Pastrami and didn't regret it. Potentially the best pastrami sandwich I've ever had. Sat down and ate it in house on the large table. Friendly staff. Also got the Capri sandwich for my wife.  If you're in the area and need something quickly, this is the place to go.Matt & Marie's is the bessssst!  I work across the street and it's been my go-to lunch spot for a few months, and while I've always loved it I hadn't been compelled to write a review until today...
The day had gotten away from me, and I unknowingly went in about five minutes before they were closing.  My inclination was to walk out because I didn't want to be a nuisance while they were cleaning up but Matt (the manager, not the owner -- I asked) insisted that he was more than happy to make me a sandwich.  He was SO friendly and chatted with me and after a long stressful day I was really happy to receive such good customer service -- it really makes all the difference!
Go!  You won't be disappointed :)Amazing sandwiches that fill you perfectly for lunch! Vegetarian friendly too! And Marie is always friendly and great!I tried Matt and Marie's today and it was incredible! I had the weekly special - the Romesco roast beef sandwich. Rare roast beef, garlic aoli, pickles and whatever walnut Romesco is, came together and formed what was a perfectly executed sandwich! I wasn't sure how all of those flavors would jive together, but they did so seamlessly. The bread was perfect too, not too hard, not too soft, perfect amount of chewy. I hope this is a frequent special or maybe makes its way onto the regular menu. A girl can dream! I can't say enough good things about that sandwich!Today was my first visit after a long time of wanting to try this place since it's super close to my work. The bread is good, I like the sesame seed rolls. I opted for the Chicken Piccata which has chicken, tomatoes, lemon juice , yogurt sauce and mixed greens for a little over $8 including tax. 
So in my head I was imagining a whole chicken breast, grilled or roasted on the roll. But they're cut out strips which is totally fine, I just hope it's fresh and they make it in store. The yogurt sauce is really good, and the lemon compliments it really well. I would say there's definitely more bread than filling but it's a solid sandwich.
Unfortunately, somehow a piece of bacon found itself into my sandwich.. and I don't eat pork/beef/lamb.. that that kind of ruined it. Unfortunate. Not yet sure about if I will return 
Service was friendly, one man running the whole store , very personable.The location is a bit out of the way for me, but if you work in the immediate area this is a solid hoagie. When I went at about 5p, it was entirely empty - nobody even behind the counter. I looked around and waited for a minute until the lady came out from her hiding spot. 
She made a good Italian stallion. The sweet peppers are very sweet and have nice crunch. There was an adequate amount of meat, but I could've used a bit more. The meat was pre sliced. Cheese was sharp - tangy, stinky, and delicious. Liscio's rolls made for a perfect vessel, but needed more innards to be one of my favorites.(This is pretty much copy and pasted from my Washington Square West review, but with the addition of one more sandwich and a comment on the interior)
Great quick lunch, not so much dinner. This review is based solely on sandwiches. I've had the:
* Testarossa: thinly sliced roast pork, pancetta, Claudio's sharp provolone, roasted long hots, and pepperoncini aioli
* Italian Stallion: fennel salami, genoa salami, sweet coppa, Claudio's sharp provolone, house-made sweet pickled peppers & onions, and pepperoncini aioli
* Roman Cavalry: Coppa ham, hand-made fresh mozzarella, arugula, olive oil, aged balsamic vinegar
This place is ideal for people who work nearby and want a quick, tasty lunch. I would not recommend coming here for dinner because they don't pack the sandwiches with ingredients. 
The Italian Stallion: This is not the best Italian hoagie in the city, but it's the best in center city (and if you don't have time nor want to go down to South Philly). There isn't (at least the two times I've had this sandwich) very much meat on it. Claudio's sharp provolone is better than regular supermarket or deli provolone, but it's not that impressive, so I don't know why they're making a big deal and telling everyone that's where it's from. It always tastes fresh, so it's better than getting an Italian hoagie from the Wawa down the block...
The Testarossa: This is not the place to go for a roast pork sandwich. Again, there isn't very much meat, although it is still quite tasty, and the aioli adds a nice touch that other places specializing in roast pork do not. The pepperoncini aioli is my favorite thing, and I wish they sold it separately in bottles. 
The Roman Calvary: This is basically an arugula sandwich. I've had it twice, the second with extra meat ($2 extra). The first time (regular amount of meat), it was basically one slice of coppa with a mountain of arugula. The second time (with extra), it was only two slices of coppa, and there wasn't even mozzarella on it. I'm glad I paid $2 for one slice of meat but no cheese... Just stay away from the Roman Cavalry unless you really like arugula with one slice of meat.
The rolls (Liscio's) have tasted fresh the three times I've had Matt & Marie's, and having it toasted adds a nice crunch (highly recommended, although they don't usually ask if you want it toasted, so you might have to request it).
The verdict? If you don't have much time, and you live/work nearby, come here. If you have a lot of time, you're better off going to Reading Terminal or the Italian Market. I'm going to continue coming here for lunch because the Italian Stallion and Testarossa are great (and I plan to try others), but I won't be getting the Roman Cavalry again.Solid sandwich, very friendly service, nice setting.
I came here while visiting Philadelphia. I had the chicken picatta sandwich, and I enjoyed it. The bread is fantastic, although I wouldn't have minded it being toasted a bit. The chicken was well done, and I really liked the yogurt sauce. Speaking of which, while ordering, one of the employees (manager?) asked if I had tried it before and suggested I have a little sample of the yogurt sauce before ordering. I did and enjoyed it, so stuck with my order. Despite liking my sandwich, I acknowledge that I may have liked it even more had I gone for one of the other, not - so - light options. Another time.Tried the Uncle G's Turkey sandwich at lunch time.  The sandwich itself rivals primo's; quality meat, simple ingredients and seeded rolls. It's a good mixture of modern and classy. Definitely need to try some other items on the menu.
Also got a chance to chat with Marie herself. Awesome lunch spot.Great food and customer service. My son ordered the chef salad and I got the Waldorf chicken salad. Imminent had too much mayo and when I told them they gave me another (amazing) chef salad. Highly recommend!Look out DeNic's...the Testarossa is coming for your crown !!
The best customer service I have ever experienced. A catered lunch of delectable sandwiches delivered to my office building (on the 30th floor) by the owner himself. 
Matt and Marie's has the best sandwiches in Philly, hands down. 
You have a customer for life. Thank you!Oh the delicious artisan sandwiches!
I've had the pleasure of dining at Matt and Marie's a few times now for lunch.  All of the sandwiches are pretty stellar with perfectly matched flavors.  You can tell they really put thought into creating the menu.
But even so, I always seem to come back to my favorite, the Roman Calvary.  The coppa ham, mozzarella, the arugula, I just love all of the ingredients together.  And even better, the price is now $1 less.  The sandwiches also now come with free pasta salad, which was a bit heavy and rich for me but good to round out your lunch meal.I went because I had a discount voucher (thank you, Gilt). Otherwise, i can't see that it's worth the trip. I tried to eat here once before with a co-worker, but she wanted a salad so we had to leave. I think a few more options would be a great idea - especially if you're catering to the lunch hours folks. Take a sandwich and be flexible enough to convert it into a small salad, for pete's sake. Also, my voucher entitled me to a side salad. There really weren't any of these in the fridge except for mozzarella and tomatoes, which were already in my sandwich. I opted for a tired-looking fruit salad. Note: bananas turn when they're cut so don't put them in a fruit salad that's going to be sitting around. Sandwich was good but there's so much competition around, I don't know why I'd bother going back.First time I went here I was extremely disappointed in the falafel Italiano. However, the second time I tried this place it pulled a 360--I now know why everyone gives it 4 and 5 stars! This time around the falafel Italiano was packed with flavor. Chickpea patties, balsamic vinegar, oil, garlic mayo, tomato, arugula all work very together! 
The cashier who is also Matt, was really sweet. He made sure I had everything I needed before I left the store. The owner, Matt, is also really nice! He personally reached out to me about my first experience and wanted to remediate the issue. He apologized and asked me a few questions for feedback on the sandwich(the sandwich I ordered the first time missed a major component the kept the sandwich moist) then offered to make me a new one. I thought that was a very generous and classy move. You can tell he's super passionate about the sandwiches he sells. Overall, I'm happy with my sandwich and experience. Thank you Matt!!! I will definitely come back to try another sandwich next time:) 
If you're in the area, check it out. This place is always busy during lunchtime and for good reason!The sandwich was good, not bad not great.  My main problem here is the price, with tax I paid $9+ for a very small sandwich.  I like to support new independent places, unfortunately with the location and prices this place is going to be a hard sell for people.This is not about the product - the sandwiches are fantastic. This is about the operating business hours. Closed at 4 every day during the week and not even open on the weekends?! Talk about failing to separate itself from the pack (Primos, which is also closed on Sunday). A sandwich shop should not be closed on the weekends and frankly, it should not be closed for dinner. Perhaps the amount of space is too great, as it never seems full of people eating in there (hard to even fathom that they have an entire upstairs area). If this shop wants to gain any loyal customers (and there are a plethora of them in Rittenhouse) they should have normal operating business hours.My brother and I went to Matt&Marie's today for the first time and it was amazing! The customer service was excellent and the sandwiches were delicious. We split a Meatball Parm and an Italian stallion and i can honestly say they were the 2 best sandwiches I've ever had! Definitely coming back!!!This is my go-to breakfast or lunch spot.  Great sandwich and salad options and creative specials.  Everyone is really nice and welcoming.  Just had the CCO special which was fantastic.  Looking forward to see what the next special is.Truly addicted to Nonna's Tuna. I NEVER. repeat NEVER would have thought that I'd enjoy tuna without the mayo, boiled eggs, relish & onions mix. But this sandwich is amazing. I've eaten there maybe 5 times in the past two months for lunch. Can't get enough!Amazing service. Was outside during the Pope's visit. With a mob of people waiting for hours to get in, Marie was the best! She was getting people food and drinks left and right. Customizing orders, letting people use the restaurants bathroom, and throwing out people trash, even from other places. She was running non stop and was working so hard. The Italian hoagie I had was good, but nothing could compare to the service received. I will definitely return ( and actually enter the place!)Matt and Marie's is a great place to grab a bite to eat.  The first time I visited, I wasn't in the mood for a sandwich and ordered the Tuscan Bruschetta Salad. The salad was delicious and  big enough to serve as two meals.  The second time I visited, I ordered the Pieta Pastrami Sandwich, and I was happy to find that it was equally delicious.  I highly recommend Matt and Marie's to anyone looking for a good sandwich and salad.Came in for a sandwich for dinner. I ordered the Ducati (hot Italian sausage with carrots and stuff...I wish I remembered what the menu called it!). When I paid, I thought that 9.18 (8.50 plus tax) was a bit much for the 10-ish inch sandwich I was being handed...nonetheless, I took it and went outside to a nearby bench to eat and people-watch. The bread, fresh-baked by their baker, was delicious. The sausage was perfectly spicy. And the carrots and stuff added an interesting crunch as well as allayed some of the heat. Given that it's a small business (instead of neighboring cafe bohemoth Au Bon Pan) and they use fresh, quality ingredients, the price is worth it, I think!Amazing breakfast sandwiches and a great option for vegetarians! I go there as often as I can, and can't wait to hit it up again soonb:)This is an awesome spot. The staff is super friendly and helpful even during the lunch hour rush. I got a hot roast beef and will definitely be back. Great find!Just ordered for the first time with a coworker.  I had an issue with my salad and I called and spoke with Marie and she could not have been nicer.  The problem was remedied immediately and even with the issue, my salad was still delicious.  My coworker LOVED her sandwich.  We'll definitely be ordering from there again!!Overrated and over priced. I had the uncle-turkey sandwich and the bread was good but unremarkable in every other sense and it was $9. Do yourself a favor and go to wawa instead.Love the sandwiches here!  The Capri was my favorite, but now have a new one..."the Game Changer" its not on the list but they know what it is when you order it!  Friendly service and very quick to get your food!  Always eat here when I'm in town!Today I tried the Italian Stallion and the Uncle Gaetano.  Both were outstanding!!!   The Gaetano had a great balance of roasted turkey, pancetta, and garlic aioli.  The Italian Stallion is my favorite and is a must.  They had a perfect blend of fennel and genoa salami, topped with provolone cheese and pickled peppers, garnished with pepperoncini aioli.   The delicious taste truly reflects their care and high quality!
Excellent!!!I am on a serious hunt for an awesome deli in the city, I thought this might be it but my second time visiting was not as good as the first. I went standard and got the Italian. The first visit it was plentiful and delicious. Second time, extremely sloppy, the lettuce was brown and the women definitely skimped me on veggies as well as skipping the mayo, extremely dry. I used to work at a deli so I know how busy it gets during a lunch rush and it's hard to keep the standards up but, when you're paying so much for a sandwich I expect it to be worth my money. I really wanted to love this place.I just stopped by for the first time and had a wonderful experience. That staff was so nice, like really nice.. You don't seem to find that often in philly! I had a salad and it was delicious. Great lunch stop!Absolutely delicious sandwiches. Everything was fresh, and satisfying. The sides were inexpensive and made a great meal for my daughter (with a bonus meatball.)Great lunch spot and very fresh. I had the turkey sandwhich with mozarella and arugala. I will say this however, there isn't anything extremely daring about the menu. But maybe that's the real appeal, because it is very consistent and something you can depend upon. They may not blow you away by any means, but it is something that is solid. Like Vince Lombardi said, if you can do one thing well, and do it very well consistently, you'll find success.I was visiting a friend and Philly and quickly decided to give this place a try. I used to live in the area and am always intrigued with the new places that open up.
Personally, I LOVED the sandwich I had. I tried the Uncle Guy's Turkey and couldn't get enough. There was clearly alot of thought put into the combination of the ingredients and the quality of each one was 2nd to none.  At a high level, I just ordered a Turkey Club, but the fresh turkey, pancetta and homemade garlic aioli took it to another level. One of the best turkey sandwiches I've had - and I've had alot :).  The best part about it was that I didn't feel like a disgusting greaseball afterward. Fresh, simple, yet thoughtful. 
I liked it so much, I came back the next day before I got on the train to NYC and ordered another one. If I still lived in the area, this place would definitely be in my weekly lunch rotation.
Stop in before the secret is out! I hope they open one up in NYC soon!this place is clean, brand new, everyone is friendly, the food looks/tastes FRESH, and they are fast which is great for the lunch rush. 
they have a few signature sandwiches and while i wish there was a little bit more variety - it looks like they do a few things, but they do them very well. 
i ordered the vedura sandwich and omitted the goat cheese and substituted tomato slices.  the sandwich was great but i have to be honest the 9$ price tag for 3 ingredients hurt a little bit. i would say if you're not a vegan person, or if you are vegan but you're not attached to your $9 - this would be the place for you.Sandwiches are expensive and not worth it.  Scrimp big time on any meat and cheese.  Got to Primos or Paesanos in the Italian market for a real sandwich.Meatball sub was very good. The mozzarella and arugula sandwich was just ok. Cheese was a little to mushy for my liking but I am picky about my mozzarella. It was a convenient place to pick up sandwiches for my family staying at a nearby hotel. On the pricier side but that's what you get when you're downtown with limited options for grabbing a quick lunch.Love this place, not only is the food amazing but the people who work there couldn't be nicer! I ate here yesterday with some co-workers, the chicken pam was delicious! While the food was fantastic, the best part of my experience with Matt & Marie's is the service. I forgot my purse and didn't realize it until they had closed. Fortunately one of the other locations was still open, I called over and explained the situation. The owner called me back within 10 minutes and told me they had my bag at the store and he offered to walk over and meet me. Everything was in my bag, they had kept it safe for my return. I am so thankful to Matt and his entire team!Stellar food, real Italian experience.. I met one of the owners, a delightful young woman from Ischia. The coffee is delicious and the fact that they have real Italian snacks - ringo, loacher, milka (!), kinder Bueno... It just knocked my socks off. Great value and not expensive. All in all, un posto splendido!I stopped by on way home for an Italian Stallion Hoagie.  I asked for no sweet picked peppers but was surprised that there were no other veggies added to the sandwich.  Fortunately, she asked me if I wanted a substitute for the sweet peppers so I asked for hot peppers.  I was feeling skeptical but when i got home and ate it, I was pleasantly surprised.  The bread was so good.   Meats were good.  Combined with the Hot Peppers it was good.   I prob would have enjoyed it more with some onions or other veggies but very satisfactory.  I would go back and ask for more veggies next timeBeen here twice. First time got the Italian Stallion and it was amazing. The pepperoncini aioli crushed it. 
Went for the second time just now and got the Roman Cavalry and the sandwich just isn't good. Really light on not only the meat but also the fresh mozzarella. Literally taste like bread with balsamic and arugula. Would never order this again. 
Also the free side this time was some mango and grapes that looked like it had been sitting out for a while. Not good.Food is eh. Service is even worse. My order has been wrong about 60% of the time during lunchtime. 
I reluctantly went back to get a breakfast sandwich and give this place another try. No. Flavor. Whatsoever. Cheese wasn't melted. Eggs were disgusting. 
This place started off amazing. Has gone down in the last year. Very sorry to share that because it was promising in the beginning.Marie was so charming. You walk in and she greets you warmly. 
Great food and I love the atmosphere. The Capri was delicious and I can't wait to try all their other sandwiches.
They also have some unique sandwiches for vegetarians that look quite filing and yummy. 
During lunch time they were able to keep the lining moving quickly.
Lastly, they had tasteful Christmas music playing like Josh Groban and Michael Buble. Not many places in the city have Christmas music playing so it was very welcomedAn excellent lunch sandwich/salad place next door to City Tap House. Innovative sandwiches served on soft but chewy seeded rolls with excellent condiments and lots of flexibility. Quick, easy, and very reasonably priced. I will definitely be back!I picked up a turkey sandwich here yesterday and it was so-so. Sure, the ingredients were fresh and the bread was enjoyable, but for $9, I felt a little silly. It's just a sandwich after all. They put a great emphasis on their ingredients, and even walked me through the steps of making the sandwich, one ingredient at a time, but...it's not rocket science. Plus, at this price, it would be tough to make this a regular lunch stop.delicious sandwiches
friendly staff
efficient service
competitive pricing
i've only been here once, but am hoping to add 'consistent' to the above upon my next visit.Delicious, fresh, and friendly! I came in with my two children and Marie, one of the owners, couldn't have been nicer or more accommodating to catering to their no-onions, no-peppers, no-aioli etc... requests. As for me, the Italian Stallion was perfect as-is! Clean and bright inside. We will definitely return!This place is a top notch stand-out among the local Philly lunch options. The decor is upscale and inviting, with the menu written on butcher paper, and Frank Sinatra singing "New York, New York."
I ordered the Italian Stallion, (because when in Rome...), and I was not at all disappointed. There was a lot of meat, the bread was soft but crunchy, and the peppers and onions gave the whole thing a nice kick. You could tell that all the ingredients are high-quality and fresh, and the cute owner, Marie, came around while I was eating to check how everything was. I also had a side of broccoli rabe, which was great. 
Before catching the train back to NYC, I stopped in again at 5:45pm and grabbed a sandwich for the way home, the Uncle Gaetano's Turkey this time, which has an amazing turkey (100% turkey and salt, nothing else added) with crispy pancetta, garlic aoili, and a tomato to lighten it up. If I worked in the area, I'd be here at least once a week.
Loved the variety of beverage options. I had a Blood Orange San Pellegrino with my sandwich and an illy iced coffee to take with me for the road.I've been looking for a good sandwich for quite some time. I'm so glad I stumbled upon Matt & Marie's. Best sandwich I've ever had!! yummzExcellent food, clean dining area, and great customer service. Had a really nice simple dinner with my family. Matt helped make sure each of my four kids was happy! Very fast service too!Came here with a friend for a quick lunch because the photos looked too good to pass up! I had the capri with added chicken and my friend had the roman cavalry - both great but nothing super special. I think its the fresh homemade mozzarella that really makes it, so don't miss out on that! Next time I plan on trying the waldorf!