My wonderful staff gave me a nice gift certificate to Matyson's, so off to dinner we went this past Monday.  My lovely date and I decided to order the tasting menu (a tribute to the recently departed Charlie Trotter.). The first two courses, mussels with sweet & sour cucumber and the Kampachi in green tomato water were excellent. The third course of lamb with baby spinach, sun chokes and truffles was sublime, and was the one of the best lamb dishes I've ever eaten.  The duck and cornbread that following were also very good, but paled in comparison to that lamb.
Matyson's is now going to be on my restaurant rotation, and the tasting menu (served Mon-Thur) is a defiant go to.  Remember to bring a nice white/rose and red to this BYOB, you won't be disappointed.Lovely interior with very friendly and prompt service. Don't forget to BYOB!
Must haves:
-Duck ragout cavatelli. Amazing. Wish I oredered 2 and had it as an entree!
-Grilled octopus app-melt-in-your-mouth. No chewy nonsense!
-Beef cheeks: amazingly tender, I (literally) ate it with a spoon (so I could scoop up the sauce!)
Alright:
-Halibut was good but not especially memorable
The desserts were solid. Not so good that I  would come back just for them, but both the plates for the semifredo and orange creme brûlée were both licked clean. 
Overall a great experience and would return!Divine Matyson
I still think of their perfect
duck with berry sauce
Nice place, great service
Scrumptious from start to finish
Dinner was heaven...I was a little fearful of being suckered into a pricey prix fixed menu on valentine's day, but was thrilled to see that they had their normal menu with some fantastic specials. For starters we had the sweetbreads with a perfectly poached egg on top- delicious. The egg was cooked perfectly (not an easy feat) and complimented the saltiness of the sweetbreads. Plus it was entertaining to keep my husband guessing as to what sweetbreads were. For dinner I ordered the whole branzino. Super impressive the way the fish was deboned. I was expecting to choke on a bone at any moment, but the entire thing was served intact and deboned. Oh it was super super good! For dessert we had a hazelnut crepe, which was just amazing. We both greedily inhaled the dessert and wished for more. Great restaurant if you're looking for a byob without the cramped byob feel.We went to Matyson with some friends from Florida. Usually we always order the tasting menu which offers a great value. The quality of food is always consistent the courses inspiring. I would rate their menu at four stars. However the week we went it the menu was root vegetables and we were not inspired so we ordered from the a la carte.
The experience was outstanding from the Seared Foie Gras to the Long Island Duck which was cooked to perfection. 
In the future I may simply order from the a la carte.
The service was four stars and pleasant.
Great job chef!It's not often that I go out to a fancy pants BYO.  Up until last week, you could say that I'd never been to one.  Usually, you'll find me in a dimly lit bar with craft beer in my glass and something greasy on my plate.  Some nights you'll even find me in a dimly lit bar with a can of Schmidt, a shot of Beam and Chef Boyardee in my beard.  That's pretty much the variation I'm dealing with in my day-to-day.
Well I made an exception because there's a certain little lady who deserves it and I ended up picking Matyson.  Mostly because a buddy who's down in Baltimore had a $25/50 gift certificate that was due to expire before he'd be able to redeem it.  Partly because I've heard nothing but good things from people I trust on issues such as these.  But after two bites of the first course, that wouldn't have mattered anymore.  Because my mouth was telling me something:  
"Best food that's ever been in here, ever!"
Having been recommended to do the tasting menu, we checked it out and she picked out 3 bottles to compliment the courses.  She selected Panil Barriquée, an Italian sour; Stillwater's Cellar Door saison and Southern Tier Pumking for/to pair with the Pumpkin Roulade dessert.
But this review isn't about the beer, so let's talk about the food.  
This week's tasting menu featured a variety of local squash.  
The first course was a Butternut "Cappucino" with White Chocolate, Lobster and a Butternut Popover (which was handy for soaking up whatever couldn't be grabbed by the spoon).  The sweet combination of the butternut lobster and chocolate coupled with the rich frothy texture was just amazing, and the sourness of the Panil provided contrast.  
But this was just to get your appetite sufficiently whetted for the second course consisting of acorn squash ravioli with pistachio, pear and shaved foie gras.  Our server commented that this was her favorite dish on the tasting menu.  While I didn't agree personally (I'm not big on either pear or pistachio) it was delicious nonetheless. 
Course three was up and so was a switch to the Stillwater saison.  Again she nailed it on the pairing, the spicy, earthy flavors of the saison blending with Red Snapper in a Kobocha Squash sauce with Thai Basil, peanut sambal and a couple of the most buttery smooth mussels I've ever eaten (I've eaten a lot of mussels).  The fish was over-cooked a smidgen but it really didn't matter.  I think this was my favorite of the bunch and I think it had to do with those mussels.  
Next, we had Coffee Rubbed Duck Breast with Red Curi Squash Tamale, Mango and Salsa Verde.  We were glad we both saved a little bit of the Panil because it made the Duck Breast really sing.  The Duck was cooked perfectly as was the Tamale and the coolness of the fresh Mango and tanginess of the Salsa Verde just tied it all together.  
And now, the moment we've all been waiting for.  The Pumpkin Roulade was fucking awesome.  That's all I'm going to say about it.
We finished with a double of Illy Espresso and a quick trip to the Lily-scented (now with real Lilies!) water closet.  
Our waitress Tracy and staff were all great, everyone contributing their thoughts and seemed genuinely interested in ours.  
The atmosphere was warm and comfortable.  It might be a little noisy for the bourgeois types but considering my normal haunts of choice didn't bother me a bit.  A clean shirt and a decent pair of jeans fits in nicely here.
So there it is.  My introduction into the fancy pants, BYO set.  I think I could get used to this.Matyson puts together amazing meals. The dishes are creative and complex with many flavors layered together to create remarkable results. Lately, I've been feeling "nice-restaurant fatigue" where nothing impresses me any more. So often, I leave an expensive restaurant and think, "I could make that at home". But I could never recreate the dishes at Matyson. From appetizer to dessert, I want to lick the plates.
And of course, everything else is great. The servers are warm and friendly. The restaurant is dimly lit at night and it is BYOB, so very romantic. The tables are a tad bit close together, however. 
Forget Garces, Starr and Morimoto, this is the best spot in the city.Best scallops I've ever had in my life.  Even better than Chloe's, and those are pretty damn good!  They combine interesting ingredients to create unique flavorful dishes.Fantastic meal, great service.  Halibut was best fish dish we've had in Philly.A small neighborhood gem. I would have never have heard of this place if one of my coworkers had never told me. This BYOB is incredibly intimate AND th food is delicious. 
My husband and I took my mother in law and she loved it. She loves fresh seafood and this place had it. My scallops were cooked perfectly and her fish was as well. My husband got some type of steak with small blue cheese fried tater tot things that was oh so yummy. I could probably eat a bucket of them :)
I would like to go back the next time we decide to treat ourselves!Another delectable lunch at Matyson - house made gnocchi were light and pillowy in a light garlic and wine sauce with fresh summer veggies.  Smoked Trout on black bread is always a hit.
Can't miss at Mat-y-son.The meal was great, including my fave of sweetbreads. The service was unobtrusive, funny, and on top of our order. The only con is that we forgot the wine at this otherwise solid BYOB!So good!! I love that their menu is so unique and they have crazy combinations of flavors that always seem to go well together. The baby octopus was out of this world, and I had salmon with a Korean bbq sauce on it which was the 2nd best salmon I've ever had in my life (and trust me, I've had a LOT of salmon). It's pricey, but in my opinion it's definitely worth it for the quality of food and service that you get. It's cozy and romantic inside, and BYOB. Our waiter was awesome, too. Will most definitely be returning here!Need more than 5 stars to write a review about this place.
Outstanding service, staff and modern innovative food by Chef Ben.
One of our most favorite place in center city and it's a BYOB.
A perfect place for any and every celebration or even for a date or just for a casual evening of delectable food.
A must for every food lover.Matyson is the best restaurant I've been to in months! Sadly the quality of dining in Philly has taken a major nose dive with the recession and restaurants seem to get more and more expensive while offering worse and worse quality. Luckily I took yelp advice and went to Matyson for a celebration dinner with my aunt in September, and we were very pleased with our experience.
We started with their signature foie gras. It was mind shatteringly good--perhaps the single best thing I have ever had in my life! The foie gras itself was the perfect texture--it was prepared almost like a dark meat with a crispy seared finish and inner juicy tenderness. It sat atop a moist banana bread and was accompanied by a hazelnut puree, crispy ham and coffee-maple glaze. AMAZING!
My aunt had the diver scallops with poppy seed gnocchi, cauliflower, chanterelles and creme fraiche while I had the duck special. My aunts scallops were perfect. Seared crisp on the outside and supple on the inside. The sides were phenomenal and left my mouth feeling absolutely swooned (if that doesn't make sense to you, just eat the food and you will know what I'm referring to). 
The Duck was interesting. Instead of the typical duck drenched in sugary plum sauce it was prepared as a deconstructed duck with a whole roasted plum. I typically love sweet sauces but this style of preparation was innovative and truly honored the natural flavors of the duck. 
The atmosphere was pleasant, although simple and the server was attentive. Over all, I highly recommend Matyson and look forward to the next time I can eat there.This is probably the best ahi tuna I have ever eaten.  
I also tried the coconut creme pie, which I didn't think was as impressive as other reviewers.  Still delicious.
Wait staff was extremely friendly as well, and being a BYO that accepts credit cards is a huge bonus.After a string of pretty lack-luster reviews of other establishments, perhaps my Yelp fans think I've grown cynical and unapproachable in my foodie snobbiness, but Maytson bring the planets back into alignment in a charming atmosphere well located north of Rittenhouse Square, with friendly and efficient service, and amazing food.
The smash hit of the evening was the appetizers - especially the grilled octopus and the goat-cheese gnocchi.  Worth a return trip JUST for that.  And the chocolate brownie semifreddo was life changing as well, easily shared by the four of us at dinner that evening.   Matyson will go on to our regular list I'm sure!  In our top three of Philly BYOBs!I chose Matyson for my birthday dinner.  The good reviews, interesting menu plus the fact that it's a byo influenced my decision.  It was just my husband and myself on a Saturday night.  The small dining room was filled and our table was tiny.  It didn't feel too crowded; the ambience was okay.  Nothing remarkable.  The service was pretty slow and we received several apologies about the kitchen's being backed up.  
We had the tuna tartare and octopus as our first courses; duck and scallops for entrees.  Everything tasted wonderful, and the chef is highly skilled.  Each bite was heavenly.  Unfortunately, the portions were miniscule.  I am not a big eater, but my husband is.  I left wanting more and he left still hungry.  We did not order from a tasting menu, but that is certainly what it felt like.  We skipped dessert since we didn't think the portion sizes would be any bigger.
With tip, dinner was around $115 - not high for a gourmet restaurant in Philly, but overpriced considering the miserly amount of food on the plates.Matyson has been a stalwart, dependable, first-rate BYOB choice in the city for years and I always enjoy the cogently conceived and  beautifully executed special menus there.  This week, the popular "Lobster" themed menu is back and this being Monday, when many other of my favorite restaurants are closed, I took a couple of friends out for the Lobster indulgence.
Expectations and actual experience are an important indicator of how one feels after a restaurant meal and today's dinner was no exception of that rule:  I expected high quality cooking, the results exceeded those expectations in execution and sophisticated tastes.  While generous pieces of perfectly cooked lobster made their presence known in all of the courses except dessert, the inventive dishes would have been a hit even without the addition of lobster.  In order they were:
1.  Pumpkin Seed Soup - Barley, squash, mint
2.  Potato Gnocchi - Bottarga, crème fraiche, citrus ash
3.  Chawanmushi - Foie gras, mushroom, pear, parsnip
4.  Veal Sweetbread - Curry, cauliflower, almond, leek
5.  Bananas Foster Poundcake - Vanilla ice cream
The soup was really wonderful in texture and intensity of tastes, the gnocchi light and a beautiful match for the large pieces of succulent lobster.  Chawanmushi - a Japanese expression meaning "steamed in a tea bowl" - brought an intensely flavorful egg custard that, besides the traditional Japanese ingredients of shiitake mushrooms, soy sauce, dashi, and mirin, also included  a couple of seared foie gras pieces.  An absolutely fabulous dish.  The almond crusted sweetbreads were paired perfectly with a smooth cauliflower puree.  For $2 extra, you can choose any dessert on the menu but the featured dessert is always interesting and tasty.
"Lobster" dinner ($45 for five courses) runs through Thursday, go try it and become a fan of Chawanmushi and of Matyson.Heard great things for years...hard to believe I have missed this spot in my 2+ years here in the city.  I finally got over there a couple of weeks ago with a group of 7 and (from what I remember, as quite a bit of wine had already been consumed) I really liked this place.  The food was eclectic and maybe even a little too off the radar for my taste, but it all came together really nicely.  Definitely a great vibe and and interesting art throughout.
BYO. Delicious.  Classy.  Matyson is a delight.  Five on the buttertown scale.We got the kale salad, tuna special, and scallops. I'd recommend everything we tasted. Excellent service and ambience. Great for a special date.On my last visit
food quality had declined
Our dinner was mixedProbably the most dependable restaurant in the city.  Matyson puts out exceptional food every time I visit.  Service is solid.  Decor nice if a little boring.  Space can be cramped occasionally.
You will probably not have a "meal of a lifetime" type experience here, but you're always happy you made the decision to come.  They excel at all types of food (fish to pasta to game), and change well with the seasons (Fall is their best for my money).  Go, take friends, and expect to be satisfied.This is hands down the greatest restaurant in the city. 
Innovative, collaborative (Moore Bros. new recommendations on menu!) and every other pitch word you can throw out- this place is it. Fresh, amazing constantly changing menu.  The chef is an artist. Or a mad food scientist. I cant decide but I eat here roughly 1-2 times a month. I wish I could eat here every night. My gawd.
And the service, well they hire the nicest people there. Either that or the greatest actor- which wouldnt bother me in the slightest because they make me feel so damn important. They all also have the best glasses. total side note i know. 
Kale salad= amazing
Always have someone at your table go for the tasting menu, even if you are iffy just so you can share some of the magic. 
The brunch menu..... pretty stellar.this was my second outing at matyson.  my first was delicious, and the four of us enjoyed a wonderful meal.  
last night, however, was disappointing.  we went for their heirloom tomato tasting menu.  the menu itself was contemporary and creative, but the execution was underwhelming.  it seemed as if the chefs in the kitchen were more interested in cranking plates out than presenting good dishes.  
that being said, the service was terrible.  you would think if they're offering a tasting menu they have enough hands and ingredients to deliver the courses in a timely fashion.  we were there for almost a full two hours and the amount of time between courses seemed to be a bit ridiculous.  
i will say our actual server was very attentive and seemed genuinely interested in us enjoying our meal, and even offered for us to have one of our desserts off the regular menu to have some variety.  all in all, though, we were bummed.  i am not sure if we will ever be back.Came here for the Boyfriends birthday dinner. Service was really nice & pleasant and we didn't feel rushed to order or eat but they did check on us throughout our dinner. The flavor on the food was really good, just wished the portion was a bit bigger. But all in all the food was good and the flavors went so well together and the presentation was nice. I had requested ahead of time when I made the reservation on opentable to see if they could put a candle on my boyfriends dessert for his birthday and I am very happy they remembered and it was a nice touch to for his birthday dinner.Awesome place. Very unassuming looking. And the food was prepared like that of a very fine restaurant. Very delicately prepared and high quality. Awesome.Matyson is delicious!  I went for a work team dinner on a Tuesday around 8pm and was a little worried because of the limited menu.  All 6 of us decided to do tasting menu with a few appetizers to start (veal sweetbreads and brussel sprouts).  I LOVED the brussel sprouts but wish there was less meat and more brussel sprouts.
The waitresses explained everything as they brought it out and it was yummy. My favorite dish was the Porcini Parpadelle (i'm sure i'm spelling that wrong but don't feel like looking it up) and Banana Bread Pudding. Yummers!  Mucho compliments to the chef(s).  Also, as an fyi, you can substitute your dessert from the tasting menu for an addtl $2.
It's a tiny little place, surprised we got reservations for the same day.  This place is BYOB, but there is a wine/liquor store less than 2 blocks away on Chestnut - Thank. Goodness!Soooo good.  I went 6 years ago and it was very loud.  Seems as though they've put up sound treatments to dampen the loudness, and admittedly it was a monday night so there were less people.  Staff was wonderfully accommodating for my 6 year anniversary.  
  Tasting menu was creative, went across all genres and foods, took some chances, and each chance payed off.  It was all based on a theme, "the egg," but it included caviar, and robin's eggs, and each plate was an absolute success.  Amazingly light for "the egg."
  Definitely the best meal I've ever had.I'd go again in a heartbeat. Just the right balance of upscale dining in friendly warm intimate atmosphere.  The scallops with short rib and kale was outstanding.Oh, Matyson, where to begin?  With the delightful, welcoming dining room?  The byob-ness, enabling us to get a reasonably priced bottle of wine from the store around the corner to enjoy with our meal?  Or maybe the right way, with the appetizers, the perfectly grilled cheese accompanying watermelon slices, a savory dish of dessert ingredients that, as fi pointed out, made perfect use of the incredibly unique texture of watermelon.  Maybe with the avocado mousse accompanying melt-in-your mouth sashimi.  The entrees too were amazing, the look of delight on fi's mouth as he enjoyed the steak thrilling.  And, of course, the dessert, a white chocolate key lime tart the perfect ending.  Service was spot-on, the perfect balance of attentiveness without being overbearing.  Matyson, thank you for so much deliciousness.I recently went to Matyson with my parents - had wanted to try this place for a while, but when it's on my dime I tend to pick slightly less expensive BYOs :)
The restaurant is very cozy, in a good way. One note: our waitress was a little "annoying" at times. I hate to use that word, but it really is the most accurate one. When we sat down she brought our menus and told us the specials, which was great. But then she just stood there, waiting for us to order I guess? We told her we needed a few more minutes, which didn't seem like it should've been necessary to say considering we'd just been handed the menus, but she still stood there staring and smiling at us! We ended up opening a bottle of wine ourselves, pouring a glass and toasting before she walked away. Awkward to say the least. Plus, while it didn't contribute to my overall star rating, we had told the waitress it was someone's birthday. We didn't order any desserts on our own, but it would have been nice to have something with a candle in it brought out (we would've gladly paid for it, though with a check of over $200 I do think the nice thing would've been to offer it free of charge). Alas, no birthday dessert at all.
But I digress. The food was tasty, the service was (honestly) solid and the meal was enjoyable overall. I won't be running back super soon, if only because of the price and the fact that I have tons of other restaurants in Philly I'm dying to try. But certainly worth a visit if you've been thinking about stopping by.DELICIOUS!!!! I'm sold. Matyson is a great BYO. The decor is lovely and romantic, the matre d' was charming, and the food was fabulous. I recommend beginning your meal with the fois gras. Our waiter was a little spacey, but pretty attentive. I think that the price is on point with the quality of the meal. They also have great lunch specials!Let's talk about brunch.  I hate to let out the secret but this is one of the best brunch places in Philly.  The brunch menu is delicious and reasonably priced (the hash and kale salad are fantastic; fried chicken and waffles was a bit of a crispy hit or miss).  I think that their homemade bagels are better than Spread's.  And they usually create one super weird but delicious bagel every week that alone is worth the trip (wasabi cream cheese?  what!).  
And it's usually never too busy to get an impromptu table.  So instead of standing in front of whatever waiting 45 minutes in the cold for a table on Sunday morning, give Matyson a shot for brunch.Food was great-fresh and unique.  Service was attentitive.  An ovearll memorable experience and I am looking forward to returning there.Wonderful place. Cozy ambiance, interesting creative and delicious food, nice professional service, BYOB and a great value for all the above. Definitely return any chance we get.I've been here a number of times and it's always great. This past Saturday night 8/23/14 was the best yet! They have a new sous chef, BV Nguyen. This guy is really talented and will definitely be a nice addition to the kitchen. The Foie Gras Torchon was as delicious as it was beautiful.. a great way to start off. The Halibut was hands down the best I've ever had and the chicken was a close second. Our server made it a special night as well. All in all I can't say enough about this place! 
Thanks guys!I love living in Philly because of great BYOBs like Matyson.
I heard great reviews of this place from several people, including some from NYC, so I decided to try it out with my bf. 
I was a bit disappointed at first because we made a reservation for 9:15 and they didn't have a table ready when we got there, but we got seated right around 9:25 so I didn't care too much.
The service was great; our waitress was very friendly and had great recommendations to make for us. None of the appetizers jumped out to me but she recommended the kale appetizer so we decided to try it. What a great idea! The description on the menu doesn't do it justice; this appetizer is amazing. I highly recommend trying it, especially if you like quinoa. 
For entrees, I got the scallops and my boyfriend got the skatewing. We loved both! My entree came with 3 scallops, which were accompanied with delicious mushrooms and cauliflower. It was excellent! My boyfriend's skatewing was delicious also. 
I would skip dessert. My boyfriend got the pecan tart and I got the creme brulee. I really didn't like my creme brulee because it was sort of bitter. My boyfriend's pecan tart was better but I still wasn't a huge fan, though he liked it and finished the entire thing.
I would definitely come back here but would probably skip dessert.if I could eat here every week for the rest of my life I would be the happiest person in the world...I would order the coconut cream pie each and every time with a cup of their delicious coffee.My wife and I had our anniversary dinner here at 8:30pm on an October Friday.  We made reservations though Open table so we were able to walk right in an sit down.  Like everyone says the place is tiny.  We had a table for two in the rear middle of the room but did not feel too squashed and soon forgot about the other tables around us.  It was noisy but was more energetic to me than overly annoying.
We elected to get two small plates and a main course and skipped desert.  The portions were perfect and the waitress made helpful suggestions as to what main dishes to order with our small plates so we would not get overly stuffed and she was spot on.  We had the foie gras and a spicy beat salad that were both delicious and complimented each other well.  We then had a carrot soup that was a special and  the kale salad.  I usually do not get too excited about salads but both the beat and the kale salad were some of the most unique and flavorful salads I have had.  We then had the sea bass and diver scallops for our entrees.  Both cooked perfectly and were not overly filling.  The pork dish sounded amazing but the waitress indicated it was a larger portion and may be too filling with our two starters.
We both loved our meals and would come back again.  The wait staff was pleasant and attentive and we never felt rushed.  The waitress also was very forthcoming with her favorites and did not steer us wrong.  The fact it is a BYOB made this an affordable meal for the quality of the food.Atmosphere is good, service was top notch, meal was amazing. Mushroom soup followed up with the sea bass and the tiramisu. 
Now on to the pork chop. This is where it gets interesting. I am not a fan of nor would I ever order the pork chop. By recommendation I snatched a bite from my friends plate and let me tell you, it was hands down the best pork chop I have ever had in my life. 
Highly recommended. I will be back.disappointment is always compounded by great expectations. 
We have been coming here for years and always had very nice meals. The previous time we came it was OK - we figured we didn't connect with the seasonal menu but we came again with another couple and it was just a big let down.
We arrived twenty minutes early for our reservation on a Saturday night  because we got lucky with parking. The hostess suggested we go to the bar next door. We saw the waiting area was free so we asked her to open one of our bottles and had some champagne while we waited. As we were waiting, we saw a few tables being seated all came after us and were seated before us. By the time we got our table it was 20 minutes late to the reservation.
When we finally were seated we had to wait quite a while for a visit from our server and ask another server for bread service as we were feeling the wine. Our server was very serious and short, did not describe any of the dishes and when was very short in general.
On to the menu - we started with Escargot that arrived with chicken liver ravioli and some tasteless sauce and either raisins or cranberries or cherries, not sure what it was but we did not like it. The chicken ravioli was runny and did not related to the escargot in any way and the dried fruit was just out of place. 
We also tried the smoked sweetbreads with amaranth it was very gritty and extremely salty, almost like it had sand in it. We had an arugula salad which was not bad.
Entrees - we had four on the table, the Skate Cheek which was too salty to eat, the crispy kale next to it was very good. 
We also had the light scallops which came with short rib that were very nice.
The strip steak was cooked to temperature, the chimichurri that came with it was too acidic and since it was already on the steak there was nothing to do.
We also ordered two desserts for the table - that were very good, a great crème burlee and Coconut cream pie.
So - Matyson, thanks for the years of great food and service it was nice while it lasted.This cozy little BYO just off Chestnut Street has consistently great food. Perfect for a quiet dinner with close friends. The beef cheek is highly recommended!We had a wonderful experience! Our party of five all left extremely happy!
As starters, we shared the Lobster Ramen, Goat Cheese Gnocchi, Snow Pea Salad, Kale Salad and a special - Pork Belly Dumplings. All were phenomenal. 
Our entrees were also delicious. Three members of our party had the Grilled Beef Sirloin. One person had the Wild Striped Bass and I had the Cod. 
The desserts were also AMAZING! 
Our waiter, Lewis, was fantastic and really added to our dining experience. This is a GREAT BYOB and it was the best meal we have all had in a while!Over the past couple months working in Philli I've become a regular here.  Just a fantastic intimate place, with no pretentiousness. Seafood dishes are phenomenal, chefs specials superb, service fantastic.  All in all, one of the best places for a meal in the city.I came here for brunch on a Saturday afternoon because a friend had been raving for weeks. I had the Brioche French Toast and both of my friends ordered poached eggs. My French toast was good, the flavoring paired very nicely, but for brunch it just wasn't anything special. Apparently, brunch is a newer offering for them and we could tell by the fact that we were one of three seated tables. I was told that I am going to have to go back and give it a second try, so I will be updating my review as soon as that occurs.Stranded in Phildelphia on a Monday evening as a result of having to leave our, without power, Union County NJ residence. As a result of perusing Yelp, my wife and I ventured to Matyson and had a thoroughly enjoyable dining experience. 
The menu, while limited, nevertheless offered a nice variety of interestingly composed and well prepared dishes. My sweetbread appetizer and pork cheek entree were both delicious. My wife's smoked salmon appetizer, while well prepared and fine, was not as interesting as my dishes. I loved her arctic char. Our shared dessert was a pumpkin sundae, a nice ending to a terrific meal and nicely sized. All portion sizes were fine. Prices are reasonable and being a BYOB, the check total was very reasonable. Matyson also features a $45.00 prix fixe menu which looked great. Both the ala carte and prix fixe menus are available on its website and will give more detailed information. No problems with service and ambiance. Conclusion: we look forward to returning to Matyson under less stress. Wife and I also walked extensively throughout the Ritttenhouse Square area and there seems to be a multitude of other interesting restaurants. As an aside, my wife and I dine often in Manhattan and were pleased to find so many attractive dining venues in this area of Philadelphia. Highly recommend.This BYOB in Rittenhouse Square has by far  the freshest, most flavorful dishes ever. Since they change their menu every three weeks, you will definitely have a fresh dish. 
We started with the steak tartar, which was amazing. All of the favors work so well together, including the pickled peppers and lime juice. 
I had the barnegat light scallops which had some the most amazing flavor, accompanied with braised short rib. A nice play on the surf and turf. My boyfriend had the duck, which was also amazingly flavorful. 
And the great flavors didn't stop there. The desserts were to die for! Definitely don't skip out on dessert if you make it to matyson!
The best part of the meal was the service. Louis was attentive and we had nice a conversation with him. His recommendations were right on point and he made the experience at Matyson a great one!Don't come here expecting to leave full on $30. This is a pricier BYOB joint but definitely a lot to look forward to. Everything sounds yummy, but expect the portions to be small. It's lovely that they have an ever changing menu, which makes me want to return, but I won't be able to make it back every week for it, cause it will definitely put a hole in my pocket. I'm not sure however whether it's worth it, considering it's location and decor.... and possibly the service. I expected fancier... and I didn't get that feeling.Yum! Went on a double date to do the tasting menu (Mon-Thurs); I believe the theme when we went (a few months ago) was "Wheat-focused," or something of the sort. Basically a celiac's worst nightmare - but so yummy!
it's a BYO, to start off with that plus. We brought a few different bottles to split, and started off with the mini bagel/foie gras. Not a fan of foie gras, but very yummy! The two other pro-foie gras people at the table thought it was just ok... 
I was impressed with most of the dishes, particularly the desserts and the tagliatelli. The tables were a little tiny, and I did feel like we were squished up against the table behind us. But when it comes to the food, I can't wait to go to another tasting menu. Price is ridiculous (ridiculously awesome) for the tasting, and it's a super fun, small, quality food spot. Great happy medium for those that want to go out to dinner and allow the chef to do his thing, but also not too crazy in price or 'fanciness.' 
All four people in our dinner group ordered a different dessert; despite how full we all were, and were also not disappointed. Such a fun night with very tasty food!Matyson is an excellent location for a special dinner. Here are my top three reasons why I love it:
a) they take reservations via Open Table - AWESOME.
b) they are a BYO ... Double Awesome
c) the food is delish with exciting dishes, and everything i have tasted off of others plates was awesome. 
I will say, that the dinner is a TAD expensive when looking at the menu online, but do not let that deter you from eating here, because the service and the food is worth it.
I also came a few weeks ago for a brunch and I was SUPER impressed with the value of the food and how good my food was at brunch. (which is apparently is new). The service was also superb even as we had a huge group for a small location.
Last word... it's super cozy in here on a cold winter night. This place calls my name. Great place for a date if you are looking to shell out the $$$One of my absolute favorite BYO's!  The place has been around for a while now and for good reason.  Matyson delivers unlike almost any othe and it's very reasonably priced for a restaurant in its class.  I can honestly say that in the many times I've dined here, I've never had a bad meal or bad experience.  Reservations stack up somewhat quickly so it's difficult to go here on a whim.  This time I really enjoyed the escargot appetizer and the bronzino entree.This is a solid-to-good restaurant. It has an elegant ambience, the service was pretty good (except server kept calling me Jack because I brought in a bottle of Jack Daniels, which made her think it was my name, which is kind of weird - I've never been called Maker before) and potato-leek soup tasted great, as did their bread and butter.
However, I made the mistake of ordering the NY Strip Steak - now let me be clear, this is not Matyson's fault, it was my mistake because I broke my rule of never ordering steak at a non-steak place. I thought that maybe this is a non-steak place that has good cuts of meat, but alas, while not being bad by any stretch, it's just not top quality steak - I ordered it medium-rare b/c anything else is travesty, so it's not like it was overcooked, it just wasn't up to par. 
TL;DR: go and experience it, but probably don't get steakGrab your favoirite person, pick up a nice bottle or two from the Wines/Spirits on 19th and Chestnut and get ready for tastebuds to explode with joy.   Ever changing menu focuses on seasonal american treats, carnivorous friends love porkchop, duck and steak.  The menu has few veggie options for grazers like me, but the staff has always been really accomodating and will make something special.  Definately make a reservation, its always packed, and save room for dessert.We had our New Year's Eve dinner at Matyson and it was memorable but, unfortunately, for the wrong reasons. 
The food was mediocre at best. For my appetizer, I ordered the tortelloni stuffed with duck which was bland and ordinary. All I recall of the taste of the dish is that of semi-cooked pasta dough. For my entree, I ordered the organically raised lamb. The meat was so tough, and I had to chew it with so much effort, it was almost comedic. It was as if I were in an I Love Lucy episode and someone had replaced my lamb with old beef jerky. All that was missing was Ethel Mertz manually moving my jaw up and down so I could finish it. Needless to say there was nothing funny about the price of this meal.
For dessert, I ordered the coconut cream pie which tasted like a boston cream pie with a few shavings of coconut on top. This meal would have been expected if I went to a local diner or perhaps, a Sizzler. The food was an overwhelming dissapointment. 
The most astounding thing about the experience was that the servers, who were all fun, friendly and professional really and TRULY believed in the food. Our server was glowing when she spoke about the chef. The other server gushed over the coconunt cream pie. I felt like I was in an alternate universe. I should have made my displeasure with the meal known at the time but I just couldn't bring myself to do it. It would have been like kicking a puppy or telling an adopted child their birth mother is Aileen Wuornos.Tasting menus are frequently creative.  Understated ambiance, good service.  Occasionally the chef wows me with a truly extraordinary dish.  Sometimes the dishes fall far short though (for a high end restaurant).  It gets 3 stars because for every brilliant dish I've had a mediocre one.  Price is okay for the quality.A great small BYOB north of Rittenhouse that serves good American food. With all the fancy fusion and eclectic restaurants on walnut, this place feels like an escape. A favorite for locals and a great place for dates!Amazing food! We had the tasting menu and it was great! Definitely my new favorite restaurant in Phillycame here for a group dinner with 5 others. this place was great- we made a reservation a couple hours ahead and came in with some wine. they kept our whites chilled which was very nice
i ordered the white fish and it was super tasty! we also shared the berry tart and also key lime pie - both extremely tasty. 
i will come back despite it being a bit pricey.Great little BOYB.  Great seafood dishes. Sit at the hgh table facing the window for great people-watching.This place is nothing short of amazing. I came for a friend's birthday dinner, and we decided to go for the tasting menu - DID NOT REGRET THIS DECISION ONE BIT.
It's BYO, but probably the classiest BYO in Philly. Nothing like Don Memo's, Banana Leaf, or the other BYOs Penn students frequent to get outrageously inebriated. I'm fairly sure that if our party had become raucous, the staff would not have taken it too kindly. We brought two bottles of red wine that went splendidly with our meal.
That being said, the ambience of Matyson is intimate and upscale. You push aside a curtain as you walk in, and there's mandatory coat check (and your coat check card is an actual playing card from a deck, how cute is that?). There are candles on every table, and the lighting is low and romantic. It's the perfect place for a date or a quiet dinner out with friends. 
Onto the food: the ingredient for that week's tasting menu was greens, and each dish was perfectly laid out. Though the portions were tiny, we left feeling full, perhaps because there were five courses. I'm going to go ahead and say that each course was delicious, because it was. 
1. Split pea soup with poppyseed creme fraiche, country ham, and mint
2. Egg noodles with greens and a poached egg on top
3. Striped bass with blue basil, artichoke, fava beans, and tomato
4. Braised veal breast with mascarpone risotto (my favorite course)
5. Chai tea creme brûlée
It's a bit pricey but worth every penny. For a party of four we paid around $200, plus tip.So, so good. Hubby and I went for a date night, and were in love with pretty much everything - food, service, ambiance.
The food: Veal sweetbreads (I didn't want to share....at all.), seared foie gras, halibut (special of the day) and hanger steak. Everything was extremely tasty, yummy and beyond solid. 
Resos are a must. A def must-try again spot.I did go back and of course ordered the exact same dish, it tasted even better this time! I ate so slow because I did not want my dinner to be over. I am in heaven when I am at this restaurant.Nice looking BYOB. We started with three awesome appetizers. We had the asparagus fettucine with smoked mushrooms, spring bean salad served with goat cheese and a lemon chile vinaigrette, and foie gras on banana bread in hazelnut. I am not a foie gras fan but wow was this foie gras good. However, I didn't like either of the entrees my wife and I got. We got the halibut and swordfish. The halibut was way to bland. The swordfish was too fishy and didn't mix well with the sauce it was served in. We did like the mint ice cream sandwich for dessert. The fresh mint was apparent. Overall, I think there are many better BYOBs in a city known for its BYOB scene.Cute BYO... Everything was yummy, I ordered the scollops the bf order the stripe steak and we shared the fries oyster but the best part was dessert, the brownie with ice cream it was chocolate paradise... I gave it four stars because as I'm use to bigger plates for $29 entrees, it was a great bday dinner and the wait staff was greatMost of my issues have been touched on by other people, the food is great, its a nice tight little atmosphere.  Super talented chef for sure...but man the service was lacking, and I'm someone who really is not picky about service.
The waiter was snide and acted uppity because my Mom didn't know what some of the appetizers were (to be fair, nothing on the menu is really a "normal dish").  They dropped the silverware about 10 times...I worked as a waiter for about 5 years and think I dropped silverware once, and when I did I picked it up which these people did not.
When I come into a restaurant and spend 200 at a BYOB for 4 people I expect things to run a little smoother, not be bumped by servers serving the tables next to me and crappy rude waiters.  Can't do less than 3 stars though because of how tasty it was, filet special was delicious.My fiancé and I went here last night to take in the space and taste the food because it's in the running for spaces for our rehearsal dinner. We we're seated immediately upon arrival at a table in the back near the kitchen. The space is pretty small and very tight, but it's very beautifully and the ambiance is great.
We took our normal plan of action and ordered one appetizer and entree each and one dessert. Our wine was opened as poured, but unfortunately that was the last time it was touched by our servers. It's probably just a pet peeve of mine, but when I go to a byob, I want them to pour the wine for us. I know we didn't buy the wine there obviously, but id still like it served. Maybe that's just me being a snob and if it is, my apologies.
Other than that our evening was perfect. We started with the ricotta cavatelli. Amazing! The pasta was incredibly tender and soaked up the duck ragout incredibly well. I loved the kale and the crunchy bits of pistachio were amazing.
Main courses were the Australian rack of lamb and New York strip steak. Perfectly cooked meats complimented amazingly well by delicious greens, veggies and sauces. I especially loved the kick from the jalapeño in the chimichurri sauce on the steak.
Not to be outdone we had the pine nut cake with apricot preserves and vanilla ice cream. Wow. So tasty! A beautiful plate and the taste was perfection. They even removed the dessert from the bill because it took so long to get to us. 
Place is great, check it out!Loved this place. Bring a bottle of your favorite wine, because it's BYOB! Pass on dessert, but really enjoy the appetizers. The kale sounds weird but is delicious. You can't go wrong with any of the entrees here.My husband picked this place for dinner one night after seeing some great reviews on yelp. We don't often dine in center city for dinner but i wanted to try a new place. the service here was the best i have ever had, anywhere. the entire staff was extremely knowledgeable about the food and even wine at this little BYOB. we trusted everything the sever recommended and had an amazing meal and experience at Matyson.I went to Matyson with my boyfriend for a romantic dinner on a Friday night.  Start to finish, this meal was really delicious and enjoyable.  We both really liked the atmosphere... warm and simple.  We started with the chestnut ravioli and the sweetbreads.  Both were savory and delicious.  The sweetbreads were a take on your traditional chinese chicken & broccoli, except the sweetbreads were in a spicy chili sauce with soba noodles and mini broccoli crowns drenched in the sauce. 
We shared for our entrees, the striped bass and the hanger steak.  I thought the portions were just right for sharing.  Both cooked to our liking.
For dessert, we shared the butterscotch cream pudding with house-made whipped cream.  A healthy portion and not too rich.  Service was friendly and not rushed despite the crowds.Good: creativity, flavor and craftsmanship, byo
Bad: server, he was a bit catty and snooty.... Chill out you'll get your tip.
Worst: portions and cost. In fact the whole experience I felt like I was the MAC machine. 
Conclusion: it's a shame because I really did enjoy the dishes but simply not my style or size.ordered rare filet mignon over mashed potatoes. one of the best filets i've ever had! limited menu, but everyone i went with was satisfied w/their meal. def on the list of my fave byobs!What a cute place! 
I recently found a new love for byob's and matyson definitely is keeping my expectations up for the rest of the byob's out there.
The atmosphere is quiet lovely. It's romantic and classy with dimmed lights and candle lights on the table. The space is not so tight like every other cc restaurants but not a huge venue, either. It's a kind of place I wouldn't mind coming with friends and family for a great night out. I wouldn't bring little kids - just not that kind of place. 
Between the two of us, we had beef carpaccio as an appetizer, pork chop and chicken breast for our entreés. The truffle quail eggs were excellent part of the beef carpaccio. Very yummy!!! Pork chop cooked to medium gave the meat so much tenderness and juicy flavors. With herb crusted chicken breast, the meat was done perfectly with all the savory flavors of fig sauce, boiled spinach and cornbread stuffing blending in together to create pure deliciousness on my palate. Yum, yum, yum!
I wasn't a big fan of the dessert but it didn't really matter at that point. I was more than satisfied with everything I had that night. Service is also very non-interruptive yet attentive. 
I would definitely return!!!The food is 5 stars, but the service is a 2. The waitress was unfriendly, could barely crack a smile, and it took her forever to take orders or check in on us. AND the restaurant was not full. The food- the Foie Gras was delightful, the Arugula salad was great and the sweetbreads were great as well. I had mine lamb dish which was unbelievable, and tasted three others: the steak was great, the scallops were so-so and the bass was bland. Then I specifically asked if I should order dessert in advance so they don't run out, and they said there is no need. And then they ran out of what we wanted.There are so many places I want to try in Philly that I don't feel compelled to return given the poor service.You can tell that whoever is behind Matyson really cares about finding, cooking and serving top-notch ingredients in a creative and delicious way. Everything I've eaten here speaks to the chef's deep passion for food and attention to detail - the cooking is flawless.
Vegetarians might be put off by the lack of options on the menu, but at Matyson, it's almost an advantage because they will cook something just for you and it will be awesome. On a slow night, they've asked me what I felt like eating, and the chef made something based on that - exceptional service. Also, if you're out with a few veggies, they make something different for each person, which is thoughtful and appreciated. 
I wish they weren't on the wrong side of the foie gras debate, but that is the only thing I'd change about Matyson. It's fantastic.My friend Sara L. is always talking about this place, and it's around the corner from her office. I had been traveling and had not seen my girls in a bit. So, we decided to have lunch. However, we were having lunch with Little Miss PITA so I was worried. I wanted a nice sit-down lunch where we could all order something. I recalled Sara saying she orders the mushroom hoagie a lot, even though she is a carnivore. 
So, I was surprised when my suggestion of Matyson was not balked at. We all managed to get there about the same time, which was great, because it was cold out and there isn't much room to wait in the restaurant. It's small and cosy, yet very warm and vibrant. Seriously it feels and looks like autumn in there. Like you are inside a leaf. Which is amazing, because the view outside the window is of Famous 4th street and a parking garage! 
The clientele is definitely office workers having business lunches, but you don't feel out of place and anyway I get dressed up to the nines to take the trash out. 
Our waitress was great and continuously refilled my iced tea without asking. The evil bread basket visited our table a few times. Delicious bread and butter.....my weakness. I had steak frites and they were pretty delicious and not ridiculous. The steak frites at Parc are great, but nearly 30 bucks kinda rip off territory. My fave place for steak frites was La Terasse in University City, but RIP La Terasse.  The skirt steak was done perfectly medium. The hotel butter and steak juices were wonderful to drag my fries in. 
I was in heaven, I don't even remember what the girls had....one of them had something vegetarian and was happy....which coming from Miss PITA thats practically awarding the restaurant two michelin stars. Sara also remarked hers was tasty. I was on planet steak, population keep your fork away from my plate. 
We did peruse the desserts, but PITA and I were heading to a coffee shop afterwards to do some work so I knew I might want something elsewhere. 
I would definitely return, and I would even feel comfortable going here alone to savor my lunch in peace. I also would love to come for dinner!There are some days when I wish I was rich. Mostly so I could afford to come to Matyson for dinner once a week, every week. Their weekly tasting menu was out of this world!! -- when we went, it featured corn. Every dish was so well thought out and delicious. We came for brunch before too, and loved the new twists on our Jewish favorites (e.g. homemade fennel bagel with white bean spread...mmm). It's icing on a delicious (proverbial or real) cake that Matyson is a BYO too.Tasty! But pricey. I tried the scallop and short rib w/ creamed corn. Perfectly cooked, but a really small portion for almost $30. If I hadn't had lots of snacks pre-meal, I would have been super hungry a afterwards.
I tried a friends duck which was really done well, and a much larger serving!
Apparently, their menu changes based on what's in season. Im really into that kind of stuff. How snobby / Californian of me. Ha.
For dessert, we all split the galette. I think it was apple, can't remember. Tasty, but nothing special compared to the apps and mains.
Next time I come I want to try the beet salad and foie gras appetizers, looked amazing!I was visiting Philadelphia for the New Year weekend, and we randomly stumbled upon this restaurant. I knew nothing about it except that the pub next door recommended it to us when we were having a drink there right before. We got a bottle of wine, and went over to Matyson. We ordered the foie gras, the bone marrow, and the ahi tuna & pork chop entrees. Quite honestly, everything was decent, but not spectacular. I was really looking forward to trying the foie gras--I'm from California and it's now banned there--and although it was tasty, it may have just been the banana bread it was served along with that I found more delicious. Bone marrow is probably one of my favorite dishes to eat and serving it with the fermented black bean completely masked the delicious, fatty flavor of the bone marrow. The only dish that I'd reorder again was the pork chop. In any case, at the very least, I had a fun time in the city.I just can't stop raving about Matyson.  Just had lunch today - House made pappardele with kale and shortribs.  Delectable.  
Go there NOW!