Have lived a half a block away from this place for 8 months and never visited until a couple of days ago.
Decided to go for a nice outdoor lunch with 2 other people and I was pleasantly surprised.  Though the service was a bit slow (our server was also the bartender and had to cater to everyone in the establishment), we weren't in a hurry since it was such a nice day out.
We all ordered burgers with different toppings and varying degrees of temperatures.  Though all the toppings were correct,  I ordered my burger medium rare and it came back medium well, which is a pretty big difference when you want it bloody and pink.  
Regardless, the brioche bun with blue cheese, onions, and bacon and a generous helping of well-seasoned fries on the side made me overlook the doneness of my meat and it ended up being a really delicious lunch.  I also ordered a glass of white wine and they seem to have a pretty decent selection of craft beers.
For the three of our burgers, 2 beers, and a wine, the bill came to $73-ish with tip which to me, is pretty expensive for lunch, but still worth it.  Come to think of it, I'd probably spend close to the same amount on three people at Five Guys, and that's not even including alcohol.
Definitely try it out for a lunch or brunch outside.McCrossen's will always hold a special place in my heart. When I made the jump from University City to the big city in '09 this was my crew's neighborhood hang out. No matter what night I went in knew I'd see one of my buddies or a bar regular who had now become a buddy. The food was always good but the focus was more on the drinks and social aspects more than the dining establishment it is today (not saying that's a negative just pointing it out). As time goes on we all moved to different parts of the city new bars became our haunts and McCrossen's became a fond but distant memory.
The food here is fantastic. From Wings to a handmade pasts dish to the baked brie, you will not be disappointed. They hold regularl chef pairings with a seasonal or rare wine/beer they are able to get their hands on and it makes for a great date night.VIsited McCrossens for the first time last night.  Out with my date for a few drinks and the bartender Jamie was incredibly personable and helpful.  Great recommendations for the beer and wine, great service - made us feel like one of the regulars.   Will definitely be back again very soon - hopefully I'll become one of the regularsGreat Place for a drink or two (or 10). 
Cool Neighborhood hang out. 
AMAZING food to boot.  Get the Gigantic Meat ball or the Fish Tacos!Hidden gem! My friends and I were looking for a brunch spot that was convenient and quick.  We found this spot on yelp and we're not disappointed! There staff was amazing and the food was great! I had the chicken and waffle sliders covered in sausage gravy and I loved it. My friends had the country fried steak and the blueberry waffles.  We all were very satisfied! I dead recommend visiting this spot when you make a trip to Philly!!!Stopped in here on a Wednesday night for some food and drinks. They have a good craft beer selection on draft and had a good selection of liquor behind the bar. Food was pretty good- got the wings, fish tacos and buffalo flatbreads. The flatbread and wings were good, the tacos not so much. Restaurant has a very pub like vibe to it, a really nice atmosphere. The only thing is that the food/drinks are on the expensive side.Why I will be back to McCrossens Tavern:
Ambiance: Casual, warm and Inviting
Service: Prompt, Professional
Food: Yum.   
Beer: Nice Selection of draft brews.
I have to compliment the chef on the Choucroute which was a special on the menu.  It was absolutely delcious!  Two different kinds of wursts, pork belly and some kind of braised pork swimming in flavorful sauerkraut. It doesn't get better than that!This has always been a fun low-key happy hour joint for me over the last few years but wasn't completed WOW'ed until yesterday.
I came here with a friend looking for a solid healthy meal as we were both extremely too lazy to cook dinner that night. We walked in and the place was packed but we were immediately seated as there is ample seating in hear back. My friend and I ordered the make your own grilled chicken breast sandwich without the buns as were are both Keto. Our waitress even offered us the option to do a side salad with the fries and suggested we try the garlic and chipolte aoili's with our meals.  I got mine with cheddar, mushrooms and bacon while he had his with blue cheese, bacon and grilled onion. I have to say, this must have been the BEST bunless grilled chicken breast I've (probably) ordered. It held all the qualities of a perfectly grilled piece of meat-juicy, tender and bursting with flavor. Our server raved about the garlic aoili but we really enjoyed the chipotle and it paired delightfully with the meal.
Found my new Keto friendly restaurant meal conveniently located a few blocks from me!Food was good but service requires tweaking. We were not informed of extra menu items offered for brunch and our food took at least 30 minutes to come out on a not-so-busy Sunday.I went to McCrossen's Tavern with a date.  We sat outside at tables on the sidewalk on 20th Street.  
I had the Van Halen Cocktail, which contained whiskey and Aperol (as I recall).  It was a little watered down by melting ice, but still pretty good.  I suggested a Belgian Tripel beer for my date, which we both really enjoyed.  I asked the bartender if he could make me a Tom Collins.  He said he didn't know how to make it, but when he looked it up, he said it sounded good and he would really like to make it for me.  He did a pretty good job.
For an entree I had the Sea Scallops, which came with spinach sauteed with bacon.  There were only three large scallops.  I expected one or two more for $18 and no starch side.  They were delicious though.  My date had the Short Ribs.  They were very tender and delicious.  I do wish they had a few more options on the menu.  The food was well-executed, but the choices were scant.
The service was decent.  We were looking for the hostess to seat us when we got there.  We had to get the attention of one of the bartenders.  Then they forgot we were outside and I had to go and get someone.  They were very friendly, just a little disorganized.I went here last night because it seemed quieter than other places in the neighborhood. I wanted dinner and drinks but not club music. It was pretty average. The food was delicious. The beer selection was a bit disappointing. It was cozy. Our waitress gave us the dessert menu even though we said we didn't want dessert.  There were sports on television. I'm not really into sports bars/restaurants, so I found that to be a turn-off. Overall, it was just okay.My friends and I went here the night of New  Years Eve. I got the pulled pork, my friend got the burger and my other friend got the Falafel. Huge portion and everyone liked the food a lot. We went on an off hour and the service was nice but extremely slow. There was only two other tables and it took over 45 minutes to get our food. Great pub food though and great prices and good neighbor spot.Quality food and beer with that great tavern atmosphere. All that one could ask for in a small bar/restaurant in the Art Museum area.I like the McCrossen's as an idea better than I've liked it in actuality the few times I've been there.  It's a pretty low key neighborhood place. On the one hand, unpretentious.  On the other, a little pretense (bone marrow!).  I'm writing now based on a visit yesterday during happy hour.  The bar is comfortable and for a Friday evening, was empty in a pleasant way.  The beer prices for the happy hour specials were great.  The beer selection is not extensive, but totally good.  The service was adequate; but it had a cliquish feel which is to say that though the bar was nowhere near full it looked like folks who were getting the good service were those familiar with the bartender.  I'm not saying it was unwelcoming, just uneven and slower than it needed to be given the lack of crowd.  The menu is pretty unfriendly to vegetarians;  I'm not sure why.  With bone marrow on the menu, I'd think the kitchen could come up with something other than hummus for the vegetarian option.  That's the only choice if you don't want a cheese plate or salad.  (Actually, in fairness, there was a vegetarian soup on the specials board.)  The hummus was fine; smooth and standard.  Not really spiced (i.e., no garlic) but fine.  The plate was nice with olives, peppers, garlic and some vegetables.   My partner had the chicken sandwich.  It was lackluster.  More bread than needed for the size of the chicken, he reported, as he left half of the roll on the plate.  The french fries weren't fully cooked and weren't great, either.  I would go again if in the neighborhood, but I wouldn't go out of my way to go there.  Also, one other thing I thought was curious.  They have a drink on the menu -- the purple orchid, or something.  The ingredients are listed as including white wine.  It didn't appeal to me.  But, then I watched the bartender make one, and Lillet was the "white wine."  Sure, I see the connection, but having Lillet as the base isn't quite the same as having "white wine" as the base.  I thought it odd the menu didn't specify.Everything is just slightly more expensive than it should be.  I hate walking into a bar and instantly begin thinking all of the places that serve the given tap list for at least a dollar less.  
Most notably on my visit was the excellent music selection.  The bartender was also cool, but the general clientele is not my crowd.  Think condo dwelling center city yuppies, and then make them more annoying.  
I was out with my buddy Dan and we order the hot wings, and the bartender guarenteed we would like them; they would be on him if we didn't.  They were pretty good, but not hot enough.  Next time, the kitchen staff will aim to hurt us with hot sauce.  There's a way to bring me back.
I'll visit again, and I'd like to go for brunch.  This place is so unassuming that I've passed it several times without realizing it existed.This place is a classy hidden gem where you will meet the nicest servers and bartenders. They really make sure you are happy with food and the people that come in. 
The food portions are the right size and the menu is limited but the selection you can't go wrong with your entree or appetizer.Stopped in for lunch, and had a great falafel  and some yummy French onion soup. It's a pub, so don't expect a fancy restaurant, but it's great for what it is. Happy hour drink specials seem good, too--$6 negroni!So the ole gal had quite a nice birthday for herself. Quite nice indeed...and good portion of it took place at McCrossen's last night.
We attended the Decibel/Waltz Wine dinner last night. It was a collaborative event featuring Decibel's wonderful New Zealand wines and Waltz Vineyard's wines from Lancaster County, paired with 5 courses all perfectly executed. 
The wines were fantastic. I couldn't shut up about Decibel's Hawke's Bay Malbec '09! I may have been driving everyone nuts with all my Malbec exclamations. Paired with duck breast, foie and figs... Forget it. Perfect. It was so great. ALL the courses were great. We enjoyed boquerones with potato croquetas, favas and peperonata...and the crispy lingua with haricot verts and zucchini in lemon-anchovy butter was a delicious surprise. Everything was excellent and beautifully prepared. Service was wonderful too.
Now I know that these delicious offerings that I've just mentioned are part of a special menu for one delectable, fun little night, but I can tell you that the skill and taste with which these courses were presented has me extremely willing to return to McCrossen's to sample some more of Chef Wentz' cooking.
I would certainly make it my business to return for such a wine and food pairing dinner again.
Another reason that we will return? I'll tell you. McCrossen's Tavern has plenty of great beers on tap. I do likes some Ommegang Hennepin, for just one thing. For another thing, I like the sound of their brunch. $20 for brunch and endless bloody marys or mimosas, you say? And another thing! Amazingly warm friendly people run this tavern. 
McCrossen's is a quality establishment. Thank you for a real good time :)If you were drinking the night before, the Hangover Helper will cure all symptoms. Incredible.We came here for an early 10:30am brunch, right as this place opened, securing our coveted 8-person table. The staff were pretty friendly, although we were sad to learn the elusive endless mimosa deal was just a cruel joke on the interwebs. That being said, I did try a virgin bloody mary (don't laugh) and it was surprisingly spicy and full of flavor without much of the flare seen at other establishments (like bacon, celery and what have you). I ended up ordering the beets and smoked salmon dish and was a bit disappointed by the can-taste of the larger than life sized beets and the 4 slices of salmon slices. My wife got the waffle and meat dish and liked it, but I didn't get a chance to try it out. At the end of the day, McCrossen's is ok for brunch, but I'd avoid the beet salad.Cool neighborhood bar.
Food was really good.
They have lots of beer on tap.
Bartender was awesomeSuch a disappointment! We had skipped this restaurant for the past two years because the menu and service had gone down hill. Decided to give them another chance after that much time.
Best suggestion...CROSS McCrossen's off your list!
Our server Nick was either inexperienced or very overwhelmed...I ordered a glass of wine, he returned to take our order...oops forgot the wine...came back a few minutes later because he forgot what kind of wine I ordered. The list continues...
Whipped ricotta appetizer may have been good but I asked for a side plate and salt, salt arrived but no side plate! OK we can eat the appetizer w/o a side plate...and here comes our dinner served on a two top table jammed alongside the appetizer that we didn't get to enjoy. I bussed my own table to make room for our meal. I could carry on but there are too many topics to name, like no response when my husband asked about the missing Chorizo in his entree, or the incorrect bill that came out higher than presented without a word of explanation from anyone.
It's a shame this was a neighborhood gem years ago, my recommendation walk a few blocks further to Fairmont, plenty of great restaurants up there.Nice tavern located right across the street from me.  Great deal for happy hour beers.  Place is always busy and food is always great.  Great list of craft beers too.It's a neighborhood bar. And it's just wonderful. 
The bartenders are quick and friendly, day or night shifts.
Admittedly, I only sit at the bar, I'm not really familiar with table service.
The food is tasty. It's not 5 star, but that's because it's a pub.
The apps are great; the specials are very good.
The beer selection is always diverse and exciting. Real dedication to representing craft brews.
All in all, I'm a fan and recommend it to anyone passing through the area. Sit at the bar, chill, order a good beer and an appetizer, and enjoy the atmosphere. 
Or on nice days sit outside and relax. Always a good time.Trovato cercando su tripadvisor alcuni locali consigliati vicini all'albergo in cui mi trovavo, ho scoperto questo locale. Davvero una bella esperienza. Ottimo servizio e hamburger squisito. Prezzo leggermente più alto della media, ma ne vale decisamente la pena. L'hamburger e le patatine sono di una qualità decisamente superiore rispetto ad altre. Consigliato!Can only give 4 stars to McCrossen's Tavern. We tried the fried brussel sprouts and we thought they were a little strong on the vinegar taste. Atmosphere was really nice - candle lit wood and brick. Happy hour is $2 off drafts. Will try again for dinner sometime. Eat it.Went today with three friends. Opened the door, patrons at the bar as well as the bartender looked at us like we had 7 heads. The bartender asked if we came to eat, we told him yes. His reply? "The kitchen doesn't open again until 3:30." It was 3:15. Didn't say, "...but you're welcome to wait..." or "...have a drink until it opens", etc. We all felt very unwelcomed. As they say, you never get a second chance to make a first impression.Stopped into McCrossens Tavern last night just in time to witness the unveiling of their new menu and outdoor seating for the summer. I think the new menu is gastro pub(y) but they've kept the old favorites - the hot wings and hummus - while adding funky new items like tripe with peppers and a chicken sandwich with grapes and walnuts. The changes have yet to be reflected on their website but I think it's all great!!After hearing good things about McCrossen's, my wife and I traveled out to the Fairmont area to check it for brunch out on a rainy Saturday morning.  The place was close to empty, but the waitress sat us at a high top under a TV in the bar.  We asked to be moved to the dining room and she reluctantly agreed.  
Things only got worse from there.  We ordered the $3 Mimosas which were standard.  When are waiter came back to take our order it was if we were bothering him.  His brusque manner was a real turn off and we asked to pay for our Mimosas and cancel our brunch order.  Service for brunch doesn't have to be great, but I don't want to feel like I am doing the staff a favor by eating there.Stopped in for lunch. When my first two selections were sold out, I "settled" for the meat loaf sandwich. When I get here again, it will be my first choice.  
The sandwich was served on a fresh pita with Aioli, pickled red onion and arugula--a delicious combination of flavors. On the side was a mountain of fries.  (I think a side salad or soup would be a healthier alternative. )
After all that I didn't/couldn't eat for the rest of the day.We've been coming to McCrossen's since way before we moved back into the city.
It's so convenient to the Barnes, and walkable from the Phila Museum of Art, that it's where we end up after just about any visit to either museum.
It gets crowded, and if you don't have a reservation it's often tough to get a table. But we like to sit at the bar, so we can usually get a seat there after not too much time.
They have a seasonally changing menu. Their burgers are juicy and tasty, the salads are lovely, and they have even had French macarons for dessert! We've tried many entrees, and haven't had any dishes that we felt were not prepared properly. They have all been delicious.Its dark with a good amount of seating indoors as well as out doors. The bar area has a nice feeling to it with a bunch of high tables and stools and then there is a general seating area in an adjacent room with regular chairs and tables. It's got the loud murmur of a bar that carries over because the two rooms are separated by a wall behind the bar with a large open window... so quiet it is not. 
This is a nice intimate place for a date. You couldn't tell from the unassuming store front, but it gives for plenty of privacy in the back. The tables are not on top of each other. 
Anyway, on to the food. It was a bit on the pricey side. The offerings had the choice of 3 or 4 sandwiches for about $9 - $10, then it jumped to like $15 - $20 for entrees. I ordered the fish tacos: $10 for 2.  Don't get me wrong, they were delicious, but not very filling. The fish was cooked well and seasoned perfectly. The kimchi was good and gave a nice tart spicy kick to it, but I'm not sure about the execution of the taco itself. It was messy. Kimchi is a messy and very wet food. I had kimchi juice dripping down my hands when I was trying to eat it. And there just wasn't very much food. I know the waiter said it was a bit light, but come on. 2 tacos for $10? for what I had, it was good, but next time I'll go with some heartier fare.Used to enjoy this place. But now I've had a couple of less inspiring visits and today was the last straw. A tasteless, over salted dish with one of key components, celeriac, missing. Their response? To rush out a dish of microwaved celeriac that was so tough it was inedible. Going to take some persuading to go back.I had never really noticed McCrossen's Tavern when I had been in the Fairmount Neighborhood before, but my friend had made reservations for dinner there through the Eastern State Penitentiary's "Fright and a Bite" offer, so I gave it a try and I'm glad that I did.
The food, from appetizers through dessert, was all delicious.  They had a respectable beer list, very good cocktails, and great service.  And the environment is pleasant... it's casual but classy, the decor makes sense and balances having elements that go together with avoiding the mass produced feel of having them match excessively.came in here after my roommated hyped it as "the best brunch place in the city, with the best eggs benedict." though it was a bit of an overstatement, it was definitely one of the best i've ever had.
my highlight for mccrossens is how low key the place is, and how willing to help the staff was. since ice coffee wasn't on their menu, she improved for me and got me extra coffee with a glass of ice. i know its not huge, but its the small things that count.Great people, great service, the food was cool, but the pesto pasta blandlester. It's almost as if Stevie wonder added the ingredients! Will definitely go back, but not for the pestoAwesome brunch!! Chicken and waffle sliders are where it's at and definitely big enough to share! Can't forget the mimosas :)I was excited to try McCrossen's after the recent 22nd and Philly review. However, I was disappointed in my experience. First, my glass of white wine was barely cold --- definitely not as cold as it should be -- and was really, really small compared to other places. As other reviewers have said, the bread basket is a real disappointment -- cold bread with pre-packaged butter. I'd rather not even have a bread basket! The cheese platter was good and we really liked the poached pear, different jams, and interesting selection of cheese. Our entrees had good flavor, but weren't anything fantastic. I got the bouillabaisse, which the waitress recommended. As I said, the flavor was good, but the quality of the seafood was not. I have never seen such tiny mussels and clams in my life. They were the size of my pinky nail, no exaggeration! My 100-pound self could've eaten 50 of them and still been hungry. I had 1 scallop in the dish, and it was slightly overcooked. The shrimp were overseasoned, which really took away from the broth. My father got the skate special and said it was good, and he liked the complement of the endives, but that his was also overseasoned. Our waitress was extremely nice and provided excellent service. I have to say, I don't think I will go back. There are too many other fantastic restaurants in the city.Casual and friendly neighborhood bar. My friend and I arrived after work around 6 and were treated to a calm atmosphere and friendly, attentive staff. Great draft list and reasonable prices, but I admit I did not try the food (but it looked great!).This bar has better food than you'd expect. The wings are great and flatbreads are as well. Can get very noisy to the point that you cannot hear yourself think, especially during football season. However, it is worth the money. Nice selection of beers and good seating.Great neighborhood bar with really good food for the price. Pretty good rotating beer selection and it looks like they have a soccer special for beer and wings. I'd think that would carry over to football season too. Nice vibe where you could easily go for happy hour or a fun night out and the dining room behind the bar looks like a nice space for a date or a nice meal out.Excellent food and atmosphere, efficient and friendly service. There are 2 sections: a bar area with tv, and a dining area. The dining area was dimly lit (just the right amount) and had spacious seating for our group of 7. The menu was full of delicious items, and it was difficult to pick. I started with fried pig tail... and it was delicious, although it was bony (like ribs) and the skin stuck to my teeth. My first time eating pig tail... so perhaps thats what its supposed to be like. My entree was also delicious - a gargantuan portion of meat (sausage, bratwurst, etc), potatoes, and sauerkraut served in a cooking pot! I took at least half of it as leftovers. The music selection was appropriate for the relaxed atmosphere- chill music... think Coldplay.A little more pricey for lunch but the portions are huge. The burger was definitely made of a higher quality meat as the flavor didn't come solely from the fat. The kitchen was slow but our orders came out correct and burgers cooked as requested. Limited menu but makes up with quality. McCrossen's is not your usual pub fare.
Try the Burgers or Italian Roast Pork.Great appetizers.  We loved the cheese plate and wings.  The bartender made a great manhattan.  Not an amazing red wine selection.  
The service was great.  The bartender hustled all night.I'd give the bar a better rating because it's a good bar but I can't say the same for the brunch...
I got the chorizo eggs benedict here and it was the worst eggs benedict I'd ever had. The eggs were barely poached and the english muffin was covered in a ton of butter that made it soggy and unappetizing. We also got the huevos rancheros which weren't much better. It seemed like a microwaved tortilla with some egg and beans on top. I'll also mention that the service wasn't very friendly, but I wouldn't knock points off for that. The meal itself is where the 2 stars come from. If you do eat here, I'd recommend not going for brunch - Sabrina's is just around the corner!The beer list is good, and the atmosphere is great (Sunday Quizzo is usually a good time), but the food is hit-or-miss.
Sometimes the food is wonderful (good fries, great chowder) and sometimes it's terrible.  On one trip the cook apparently failed to properly clean the griddle prior to putting my wife's burger down to cook - needless to say a hamburger that tastes and smells of fish is less than appetizing.  The waitress was very apologetic, but that's the last time I ordered a burger there.
As a side note, McCrossen's used to have one of the best grilled cheese sandwiches I've ever had, but have removed it from their menu.  It was truly one of the only reasons I went there, and likely won't be returning often.I don't know what it is. Maybe it's the dark wood and smell of heady beers in the air or the delicious coconut curry mussels that keep me coming back. Or, perhaps because it's approximately 50 yards from apartment?  Regardless, I stumbled in here about 6 months ago upon my return to Philly and it's been my go-to neighborhood pub since. The selection is good, prices fair and service is on point. I like that after only a few visits the bartenders got to know my name. That goes a long way with me.McCrossen's Tavern was just what the doctored ordered on a HOT 4th of July! I was in search for a dark, cool place that served good beer and solid pub food. This is such a place. 
I went in with 14 people and the wait staff worked with us, moved a few chairs around, and made us feel very welcome.  The waiter and waitress that I had contact with were very friendly.  
I ordered the chicken sandwich and was happy to receive a very generous chicken cutlet on fresh bread with other higher quality ingredients.  
Beers offered were varied enough and included a few local brews as well as Hoegarrden and several IPA choices.LOVE the burgers & fries!!!  I haven't had much else because I can't help but order that every time I go!  Nice, clean, fun place to hang out!  Everyone is friendly and selection is good!The burgers were nothing special, but the fries were great. The Brussels sprouts, fried, in sherry vinaigrette​, were soooo yummyYep. McCrossen's has become one of my favorite bars in Fairmount. More specifically, I love to sit at the bar and day-drink here. That's been the trend so far, at least. They usually have some pretty good draft beers and their bottle list is okay.
As for food, my stand-out favorite is the whipped ricotta app with grilled rustic bread. I could eat that stuff weekly. The burger is also good, but it can get pricey depending on how many toppings you'd like. Cheddar and bacon cost $1.75 extra.
I'm sure I'll be back soon. Glad this place is nearby!Although I grew up in Philly, I now live in California.  However, I get back regularly to see family and friends.  McCrossen's is in my old neighborhood.  I stop in there often for a late dinner.  The food is good, with different specials every day.  The service is friendly and good.  They also have a bar that is jumping and fun.
As an aside, decades ago, McCrossen's was known as "The Dustbowl."  It was a bar for old drunks.  Several years ago, on a visit to Philly, my cousin suggested we go to McCrossen's for lunch.  I thought she was out of her mind but agreed.  I was amazed at the cool, fun place they had turned McCrossen's into.Great neighborhood bar with good food. Get the cheeseburger for sure. Onion soup is good as well. Nice draft list and really friendly servers and patrons. Kind of a hidden gem.I had a great birthday experience here! I called to make reservations, and as soon as we arrived we were immediately seated and taken care of. It was our server's first day on the job, and she was amazing. She got us drinks ASAP and was very sweet and helpful. Everyone thoroughly enjoyed their meal. Shout out to the chef! The owner came to introduce himself to us and wish me a happy birthday which was very meaningful to me. Overall, I felt very welcomed. I definitely plan on coming back next time I'm in town.Friendly staff unpretentious​ atmosphere​. Good happy hour options. The hot and honey wings are my absolute favorite thing on​ their menu!McCrossen's makes a fantastic hangar steak with potatoes that is my boyfriends favorite. It was taken off the menu but it seems they had so many more requests for it that they put it back as a special, then full menu again after that. They make fantastic salmon, scallops, and have a great beer list. A couple locals but also great selections from other craft breweries that you might not find elsewhere. Also-one time they had Dogfish's 120 Min IPA (~15-18%) and were serving it in pints. Not sure if that was an 'oops' by the bartender or they were trying to kick the keg....
Nice quiet atmosphere, but on just about every occasion here we had a little disconnect with our server-something forgotten from our drink order, or a slight attitude. They still get 5 stars because I am usually there at a busy time!I'd love to give this neighborhood staple at least three or four stars based on food alone, however the main bartender who is there most days/nights gets overwhelmed and EXTREMELY snippy whenever there are more than 5 people at the bar.....really turned me off to the place.Okay, so I changed my mind about this place after trying it for dinner.  Ordered the hummus for the appetizer, definitely the best I've had in a while. Delicious. Could be a meal on its own, but I couldn't stop there.
Boyfriend got the steak, medium rare.  Cooked perfect with an amazing peppery crunch on the outside.  I got the shrimp scampi and they came out with the eyes still on them and everything. Shrimp was delicious and the pasta was more hibachi-style than Italian and I was diggin' it.  
Really nice low-lit atmosphere inside during dinnertime and the servers are all super friendly. My new favorite go-to place.Overall, I really enjoyed this place. I've been here for both dinner and brunch. Great beer selection, cozy feel and good food. As a local, this will be my new go-to place to grab food.Cute place. Ideal for a first date. Does not have bottomless mimosas. But really cute. Very friendly staff.My parents were coming into town and I was in need of a nice spot that wouldn't break the bank. I found a gem in McCrossen's. The first thing you'll notice is the ambience. It's small but not stuffy and dimly lit with exposed brick walls giving it a cozy and classy but not formal feel. 
Our waiter was very good. He was extremely friendly and cordial. He checked on us often and was very attentive. The only complaint I have about the service is the time it took for our food to come out. It was probably a good 25 minutes before our food came out which I'm sure they had a valid reason for but nonetheless it was a bit long.
The food was phenomenal. I got the Creekstone Farms burger with blue cheese which was delicious. My parents each got the filet and said it was "the best steak they've had in a long time." The steak was small as was the side so if you have a large appetite do not get the filet.
I will definitely be returning to McCrossen's in the near future!I've walked by this place a few times, and it always seems to have a crowd so I wanted to try it! We came here for brunch. The place was cozy with beautiful exposed brick. 
We ordered:
Whipped ricotta: the ricotta was great. The bread was okay because it was flavored but parts of it were a little tough to bite through and chew. 
Omelet: it was super plain. Needed some flavor, or some salt and pepper atleast. The potatoes and fresh fruit were good. I wouldn't recommend the dish
Huevos: pretty good. Fresh. Never had a huevos with rice. The guacamole on top was fantastic.  
The service was good. The place overall was okay. I don't think I would come here again for brunch. Maybe it's a better place for lunch or dinner?Every Saturday in college I found myself thinking: I'm hungry and I want to drink but I only have $20...  McCrossen's made this a non-issue.  My roomies and I would regularly walk to their $20 brunch and bottomless mimosa/bloody mary extravaganza (10:30 - 2:30).  If you get there at 10:30 you a) get the most bang for your buck and b) sit down immediately because bars are usually not too busy that early (McCrossen's was no exception).
Bartenders have always been great and usually made us laugh.
I strongly recommend a visit to McCrossen's if you're in town and in the mood for a boozy brunch.  If you want family friendly, go down the street to Sabrina'sSo, another year and another all-day staff meeting. Where do I find myself? McCrossen's of course. Unlike last year's beautiful day, however, I merely spent my lunch here this year, though certainly not due to a desire to get back to the conference table.... This is a very weird review for me to write. If you are looking for a fancy-pants American traditional style / modern food bar than this place deserves the 4 stars I gave it last year (the food is so good, that possibly it deserves 4.5 in that case). If, however, like me you were thinking of it as a really pretty, comfortable place to watch baseball all day without worrying about loud drunks, drink $3-$4 lagers and munch on delicious $10 burger and fries, you will be greatly disappointed. Party Foul Numero Uno: they got rid of the MLB package :(. 
They have a solid beer list (Chimay, Bourgogne de Flandres, St Feuilliune Tripel, DeProef/Bells, and tons of microbrews like Troegs, Yards and Stoudt). Party Foul Numero Dos: They got rid of Yuengling AND Stella. Their menu is hardcore and justifiably pricey (as opposed to overpriced). They have daily changing specials that are actually more haute cuisine, but they also sell jazzed up (or perhaps just better quality) versions of bar standards. The mild wings were delightfully spicy and their French Fries come as crab fries-- which I generally loathe-- but, perhaps because the seasoning is a house mixture, they were actually quite delicious (not to mention perfectly crisped). 
An interesting side note is that the Health Inspector was there at the same time that I was. The minute she walked out of the kitchen I asked her if I should stop eating, but the good news is that they passed with flying colors! The only problem was that their food license was locked in the manager's office, which I think is no big deal. I may come back and change the stars. I am unsure how I feel about it. I'm thinking that it may be unfair to dock them a star based on my expectations, but we already had enough expensive bars around here and I really liked (and depended on) McCrossen's for being more affordable.Best meal we've had in Philly on this trip.  And that's against cheesesteak and pork sandwich at Johns pork house and a couple others.  Cool atmosphere in a residential area.  Definites: braised ribs, wings, sweet potatoe fries, burger.   Everything else was really good but these all stood out.  Lots of food trading at the table.  Check this place out.  If u r local to this place - you lucky bastard.  CheersI dunno man, I wasn't feelin it. 
The beer selection was decent, and the happy hour fried brussels sprouts were good. The fries that came with the chicken sandwich were excellent, but the sandwich itself sucked. The bread was stale, and the chicken breast had the taste and consistency of something from a school cafeteria. Wings were average.
With so many other options around, I'd probably pass next time.We went here a few weeks back for dinner. We were one of two tables in the dining room. Unfortunately the other table was a table of 10 celebrating at least one person's graduation. This large party filled the small room with more noise than one would expect. It was like being on the bar side...only not.
We all ordered burgers. There was much talk about the exact way we wanted our burgers cooked. The waiter seemed to really want to make sure we got our burgers just right...which made it funny when the burgers didn't come out exactly right. No big deal, just funny. Their chowder's pretty good. They have some nice deals on Tuesdays (?Thursdays) on half price bottles of wine. I would go back and try more of their offerings.we ended up here after hearing about the 40 minute wait at Sabrina's, and boy am I glad we didn't settle for that.  We walked right up to McCrossen's, were seated immediately outside, and enjoyed an amazing brunch on a beautiful Saturday.  everyone else got steak and eggs while I got french toast.  we all agreed this was our best meal in philly so far.  this was the best french toast of my life! topped with bananas foster and spiced rum syrup, absolutely delicious.  great service, great food, decent prices. o, and the waiters are cute too.Great neighborhood Irish bar with a good beer selection.  I love the chicken wings here!What a great neighborhood pub - during our first visit to Philadelphia, we stayed close by and stumbled upon this cozy place.  What a nice selection of wine/beer in an intimate setting.  The dinner specials were fun - squash bisque tasty, and the fig arugula salad unique; the service was friendly.  What a great find in this neighborhood!This is the best place in town. They make you the most important person in the place  the food is great but the short ribs are to die for. Come , enjoy and never want to leave.Good food, good drinks, nice beer selection. Good staff, nice atmosphere for wifey and I to have a nice relaxed evening.Food was very good. Service was not. 
Easily the longest "quick meal" I've ever had.
They seemed to be in total chaos. Was not busy at all (3 people at the bar and dinning room mostly vacant). Waited quite some time to be seated. Then waited literally better part of a half hour to have drink order taken.
Then once it was taken, it was not delivered. Only after 3rd request (with 3 different people) did I receive my drink. Placed app order. Then a different person came over to ask if we had ordered. Reminded her of the apps (which she evidently had no clue about so placed it again with her)
Then ordered dinner and drink refills. About 15 mins later, yet another different person came over introducing herself and said she would be taking care of us. Questioned her about our dinner and drink order (which again-she knew absolutely nothing about). I thought I was being Punk'd. 
Throughout this madness, the owner was going table to table (apparently realizing the dumpster fire that was occurring) to make small talk and smooth things over. He was actually really nice .Truthfully, I don't really even blame any of these staff members individually, I think the system they had in place  was just a mess. I'm super tolerant and understanding when it comes to service- I've been there, I lived it. I HATE to bash service. But this was horrendous. Noise level rivaled that of a Heavy Metal concert. And this is not something that bothers me or that I'd even notice.. so as being  that I am even mentioning it please trust it was LOUD! Whether you were at the bar or seated in the dinning room, a conversation was virtually impossible.
OKAY.. now for the GOOD. The food was excellent!!
The drinks were very good. This should easily be a strong 4 Star but I just couldn't look past the service nightmare.Ordered take - out and got gnocchi and falafel gyro. It was very bland. From the brief time I spent at the bar, the ambiance seemed nice and the bartender was friendly. For its price, the food was disappointing.McCrossen's has always had a bit of nostalgia for me, as we used to come here all the time when I was a kid. I can remember having dinner here with my parents and brother at least once a weekend, and really enjoying it!
I really, really want to still love McCrossen's. It's super convenient, and the ambiance is both charming and cozy. I'm a sucker for dim lights and exposed brick. However, the food doesn't quite live up to expectation. The menu is very appealing, but the quality is just weak. 
I haven't been too impressed with the food in the past, but most recently we stopped by on a weekend to watch the game. We ordered the wings, and despite having really delicious sauce, the wings themselves were very fatty. I decided to order the French onion soup as well, and it was sub-par at best. The onions weren't cooked thoroughly, to the point where some of them were still crunchy and tough to eat. The cheese on the top was tasty, but incredibly hardened. It also was served luke-warm, which was strange for being served in a small crock pot. The croutons and bread had congealed to the top of the dish and hardened with the cheese.
If you're looking for beer and ambiance, then stop by McCrossen's. I'd love to want to visit for their food, as well.I went here for Quizzo on a Sunday with some fellow yelpers.  I didn't get any food, but everyone seemed to enjoy their orders.  I just went with some Yards Pale Ale.  There's a decent amount of seating in the bar area, plus a dining room area, and some outside tables.  
The service was a little spotty, but once we pointed out to the waiter that we needed napkins and a bunch of water re-fills, he was apologetic, and much more attentive.  
The quizzo was pretty fun, a good variety of questions, and a cool final round.  There was just a little too much time between questions.  I get that they want you to buy food and drink, but most people get to quizzo early and have already eaten, and ordered at least one drink by the time it starts, so there's no need for it to be that slow.  I like that it starts at 8 though, although really it was more like 8:30, because I was home by 10.A-OK is about right. I had the Tavern Burger, it was ok but nothing special. The kind of place where you go medium-well instead of your regular choice of medium. Friends had a pork sandwich & the fish tacos, fish tacos were deemed acceptable but the pork sandwich I was told was very dry. Their beer list was solid, with a range of craft drafts & a fairly long list of cans/bottles. 
The decor and general ambiance of this place was nice, if a little snug. We managed to work our way from NWA through to Phish and The Allman Brothers Band, which was a new experience for me. 
It seemed like the regulars all bought massive plates of hot wings, rather than ordering anything more adventurous, so if I'm in the neighborhood again, that's probably the route I'd take.McCrossen's is a hidden gem. It's small and not well-known, but consistently great. I liken it to a favorite pair of jeans that you forgot you had, and when you rediscover them you put them on immediately. It's not a destination bar/restaurant that draws crowds out of center city or even away from some of the other better known restaurants in Fairmount, but it's always good. And that alone is a wonderful thing to have in a neighborhood bar. 
It's more expensive than I'd like, but if it was any cheaper, I'd probably go there much more often instead of cooking a nice homemade dinner!
The ribs are great, and I haven't had any bad food yet. I had a similar experience as a previous Yelper where I ordered a dirty martini and told the bartender to make it extra dirty. Granted, I did say extra dirty, but it was almost undrinkable. On my next one he got it just right.What elements of a bar make it a "go-to bar"?
-cool decor
-lots draft beer options
-top shelf liquor options
-affordable 
-affable bartender who takes the time to converse with the patrons
-off the beaten path, i.e., not lots of tourists annoying you
-comfortable, like chillaxin in your own home
I like to brave these elements...daily, if I could.We went for brunch this past Saturday - $20 for your meal and unlimited Bloody Mary's or Mimosas. I had the steak and eggs, which is really 2 eggs over a hamburger and an AMAZING chive potato pancake. It was so good! My only wish was that the eggs were cooked a little bit more, but I didn't specify when ordering.
The Bloody Mary's were so good - I don't think it was a pre-made mix. They tasted fresh and delicious - be warned though, VERY spicy!
Service was prompt and friendly. I'd highly recommend this place.