I know I shouldn't expect much but everything I asked for that was on the drive thru menu was not available. I was actually afraid of what I was going to get once I did get it. I saw the movie "waiting".  Word of advice stay clear of this arch. Just so you know I was only trying to order a beverage how pathetic is that.Dirty bathrooms and very slow service, but I was pleased because they had a TV on with subtitles and the volume on, and it was turned to the news!  A good place to pass some time with a tasty Mc-snack and a hot coffee while in Philly during a chilly day!  We stopped here on the way to a football game and found it a very pleasant and relaxing place to hang out for a while.That's a shame! 
This place is full of junkies customers 
The staff and the service is fast 
It's just too much like homeless or you can tell the addict people all coming here and solicitingwas in this location today at 4:40. I ordered two (2) angus bacon and cheese burgers. I asked for no onions which I got nothing but the cheese, pickles, bacon and meat on one and NO bacon on the other as well as the lettuce and tomatos on either. I feel completely ripped off. I also tried to order a sweet tea which the girl at the counter told me they had no ice.. Now this is the 3rd time I've been told that by this location, that is completely ridiculous. You serve drinks you should have ice. This location is a very poor excuse for a restaurant! 
If I could give this place a ZERO star I would.want some heroin with your cheese burger? this is the mcdonalds for you!I went in here for an egg mcmuffin, and it was made with the wrong kind of egg! It's not often I make in time for mcdonnalds breakfast, and I was really disappointed. They could have told me! Next ill go to another location...Don't expect any pleasantries
Heck, don't expect much at all.
Definitely not a "Thank You for your order", or any smiles or additional service or gratitude for your patronage.  If I could prepare you to expect anything, I'd say be ready for a run-down dilapidated franchise with ratty duct-taped chairs run by a skeleton crew of disgruntled minimum-waged part timers.  How could this system be improved? will the proposed minimum wage  hike improve friendliness and morale? Perhaps.  But for now, I just want to grab this mcmuffin and get outta hereBought a happy meal for my daughter through the app. They didn't honor the paid meal. I presented the receipt, they wanted no parts. They let me drive away empty handed with no meal. The customer should not be paying for the lack of communication with their partner. They could have comped under the circumstances until their communication problem was resolved.Its 11:46 am and the out buttermilk crispy tenders.... BAD MANAGEMENT ... need a New MANAGERI ordered a sausage egg & cheese mcgriddle from the drive through, and I had to pull over awkwardly and wait 15 minutes while they cooked it. It was at 9am on a weekday, why don't they have that ready to go? Boooooo to this McDonald's.Service was fast and pleasant.
What I didn't like was when the lady handed me the food and she was like "here" but she said your welcome when I said thank-you. 
The McDonalds got renovated at this location and it looks better.It's McDonalds, yo. 
Least mean of them all in Philly (notice I didn't say nicest; truly the glass is half-empty and not half full). And least dirty. 
You can see it when you spot out the singular golden arches. 
No Reese's McFlurries, yo.Just go to another one. Place is dirty.  People in the bathroom drinking  beer, taking showers.   More like a reststop for the homeless.   Just keep going.  You will find another McDonald's.The employees are nice, but it's so slow and inefficient. Ive sat in the drive thru for more than 15 mins more than one time. If there's more than four cars in line don't even try it!This McDonald's location is good for uberEats and this is the way I usually order my food from this particular location. I haven't had any major issues with the quality of food that they provide, but sometimes my order is delivered incorrectly. I initially thought this was to the fault of the UberEats driver but I realized the order is transmitted directly to the restaurant and they make it to order before the driver is dispatched to pick up the order. 
I have attempted multiple times to try and eat in the dining area of this establishment but it's either too crowded or the service is shoddy at best. 
I'll continue to order from this place as an UberEats choice, but I'm not too sure I'm going to be stepping foot inside unless I visibly see it isn't busy.Ye gads. Literally the rudest people at the cash registers ever.  The one who took my order couldn't even be bothered to stand straight up. She just draped her tired body over the top of the register. God knows what buttons her boobs were pressing on the touch screen.
She laughed at what I ordered (kids meal with 4 chicken nuggets, chocolate milk, no toys needed because it was for me).
My order number on my receipt was something like 201.  They called out 101 numerous times. After waiting for quite a bit, I finally asked if 101 happened to be the same order as what my receipt showed. It was. They were just too stupid to call out 201.Updated with one extra star in recognition of their recent efforts to become ever-so-slightly less horrible.It's McDonalds, if you're looking for salty fries, a double cheeseburger and a fountain Coca-Cola after a long days work. Go and indulge.
Honestly, I like this McDonalds because the staff at the windows are super nice. Things like, "here's your food, boss", "I like those sunglasses", they just have positive energy.I got five mc chickens and two large fries from this McDonald's. It was sooooo good. Literally I was in McHeaven it was sooo good. Now I know most people think McDonald's makes shit food but not this one. The chicken was perfectly cooked , juicy. Would recommend this McDonald's.If you have a craving for McDonalds don't expect this location to satisfy your needs.  The last time we went there they were actually OUT of burgers and last night my friend was having a Big Mac attack but they don't serve them on their "late night menu" AND they were OUT of coke.  Unbelievable.  If you must have McDonalds visit the location on Grey's Ferry over by the Pathmark instead.  The drive thru there is open 24-hours.  The Grey's Ferry location is also known locally as the ODB McDonalds as a rap artist known as Old Dirty Bastard was apprehended by the police while dining there.It's pretty bad even for a McDonald's, guys. For about three months after they opened, it was awesome--the staff was well-trained and polite! But now it's the usual tough-talking teenagers whose priorities are, in this order, 1) talking to coworkers, 2) talking on their phones... 96) running a cash register. Getting your food takes forever no matter what time of day or night. And the extremely loud TVs blaring CNN make me want to kill.
IN SUMMARY
Food freshness: cold by the time you get it
Order accuracy: average
Overall staff attitude: laughably bad
Cleanliness of dining area: very good
Cleanliness of bathrooms: ?
Refills on drinks: yes
Condiments, napkins, utensils: out in the open
Kid's play area: no, although there are some perplexing McDonalds-themed souvenirs in plexiglass cases which they could look at 
Drive-through: yesThis McDonald's doesn't really take your order it decides what you will have for breakfast.  I ordered 2 egg mcmuffin meals with orange juice and the restaurant decided i needed the 2 egg mcmuffin deal a hash brown and an oj which is nice and all if i was eating by myself but when my friend put his hand in the bag, his OJ and hash brown were missin,Horrible service takes 20 + minutes on McDrive to get the order done and no chance to skip the line as you stuck in it! And the funniest thing was the plate which announced '100% customer satisfaction!' Are you joking, Guys???
-1000 starsOne word to best describe it. Crazy! My gf and I came here 7:30am before work to grab a breakfast sandwich. Waited for a good time in the drive thru lane only to find out that NO ONE is taking order. We came up to the counter and a young lady was sipping her drink ignoring us. We parked the car to order inside and the door is still locked. The sign posted on the door saying that it is open at 6am. One of the chain employee is sitting outside while smoking by the side door, when I politely asked, "are you open yet miss?" She just looked at me like she is high after smoking a joint while pointing at the front door of the restaurant. I went up to the front of the restaurant only to found out that it was locked as well. Great job McDonald, I'm not lovin it.Crispy nuggets and a quarter pounder on a French baguette. They even honored a 7:45pm reservation on a Saturday night. Great service and the restroom was immaculate.Called several times to ask if they have pancakes. They didn't answer, phone was ringing for a minute each time. I used to work at a McDonalds and our staff always answered the phone, sad to see this location doesn't do the same, despite me even calling back when they hung up on me without a greeting. I thought I called the wrong number when they hung up so I checked the numbers on google and yelp. 
I just wanna know. Do they serve pancakes all day at this location?How?! I just don't understand how!!! I know I shouldn't be eating fast food in the first place, but sometimes you need a little Mickey D's fix. Anyway... so, we decide that we're going to cheat today and get a couple of McGriddles, a Bacon McDouble, a shamrock shake (because, you know, it's that time of year), and a large coffee, black with three sugars....
Let's talk about the McGriddles... I have come to LOVE these!!! And when I haven't had them for a while, I'm gonna be excited to get them. But, to my chagrin the bread - the best part - was stale and hard as a rock on one of them. And both WERE NOT EVEN HOT !!!!!! Like, come on... you make me wait for a mobile order that I placed far in advance, I wait patiently in the store, and my food is not even hot?! 
The Bacon McDouble was fine, but my coffee was gross tasting and tepid! TEPID!!!! You have a "Caution I'm hot" message on I literally could've  chugged the coffee and not get burnt. But I wouldn't chug it anyway, because it was GROSS!!!!!
Oh and lastly, I know it's McDonalds on South Philly, but can we work on customer service skills, please?!?!?Yesterday will be the last time I frequent this McDonald's. I ordered the buttermilk fried chicken sandwich with fries and a large drink it was completely busy so I waited 15 minutes for my food. when I got home, after I completed the food, within two hours my stomach was killing me. I have had terrible stomach pains and have emptied my bowels at least 25 times. Frequent this McDonald's with cautionDoesn't deserve one star we waited 30 mins for our food. They let people sit inside without ordering. There were people in there drugged up falling asleep. Do not go here.This is virtually like any other McDonalds in Philly. It would be nice if they updated the decor and donated more of their moneys to charity.Stopped here last night around 10:30 pm. It took 11minutes to get my order, I must admit there was one car in front of me. The place is filthy on the outside. The food tasted like decent McDonald's food.They are overwhelmed by Uber eats and the owner/management hasn't seen fit to hire or train adequately. The staff -- including the manager -- has no real concept of customer service; not even by low McDonald's standards. The food is the standard adequate fare that we occasionally crave. And a craving plus the open (if less than clean) restrooms are the only reasons to come here.They all are just bullshit i saw a big hazard in my sandwich when i talked to the cashier they told me " I don't give a f**k we cook whatever we want" this is my advice to all of the customers who are going there please do not go to this McdDonald's they hired those kind of people who eats their own shit so imagine do they give a damn about you??? And i am going to sue this store because i have the proofDon't expect any pleasantries
Heck, don't expect much at all from some of them here.
Definitely not a "Thank You for your order", or any smiles or additional service or gratitude for your patronage.  Some may do it, not all of them are that bad. But if I could prepare you to expect anything, I'd say get ready to see a run-down dilapidated franchise with ratty duct-taped chairs run by a skeleton crew of disgruntled minimum-waged part timers.  How could this system be improved? will the proposed minimum wage  hike improve friendliness and morale? Perhaps.  But for now, I just want to grab this mcmuffin and get outta here
Update, Breakfast Day 2 
Look how thrashed the place is.  This morning at 10:45AM I saw a guy packing his crack pipe from a tiny plastic bag sitting in here. Iced coffee was refreshing, though.  They are slow at this McDonalds, but that's a common thread for all center city Philadelphia fast food places.Horrible McDonald's. Normally people go through the drive thru to pick up something quick... BUT NO NOT THIS ONE! It took 25 minutes to get food. Plus once we got it, IT WAS WRONG... Surprise surprise. They also were out of Diet Coke! I've never heard of that! Just terrible for a service that is so simple and the workers to be incompetent.This mcdonalds has THE worst costumer service in the world. The workers are rude beyond belief. TRY to not come here if you don't have to.The Worst McDonald's ever. My childhood was filled with Happy Meals and French fries so yes, I have days where I want McDonald's.  Maybe once a year some years and some years once every two months. I feel like I am in a McDonald's anonymous meeting confessing my addiction to something I know is bad for me.  Anyways, I truly believe McDonald's at one time was able to make unknown ingredients, economical friendly products taste real good. BUT this McDonald's I believe has made it so I will not crave another Big Mac for a very long time.
This place is sloppy, service slow, rude, food to the nth degree horrible, and just really really bad. I feel like even if I made a Burger with my toes, it would be better than what I received from this McDonald's. I also feel bad for the students from the school across the street because this is the example of the McDonald's they are receiving. Hopefully it will deter them from eating it as an adult as I did today. Save yourselves! Do not go to this McDonald's.Poor management, incomplete inventory, place is dirty. Employees don't greet customers.The torn Red Furniture has been removed.  While still a low-level, low-class establishment, their disposal of these eyesores alone  is worthy of one additional star for ambience improvement.The website says this McDonalds closes at 12:00 AM; however, I just went through the drive-thru (along with 4 other cars) and all of the workers were crouched down hiding and when we knocked on the window they said it was "closed."On Wednesday I visited this McDonald's to make gift card purchases for an event my employer was hosting. I had to purchase 50 gift cards, which had to be individual transactions. The staff were so accommodating and patient with my request even though I know it completely disrupted business and they had to spend about 30 minutes ringing me up for each gift card. Tanisha was so helpful and understanding and I just think this store should be recognized for their customer service. Thank ya'll so much!Every time I go to this place they refuse to make breakfast sandwiches. At least 5 times I've tried in  one week. It's horrible. Stay away.Definitely needed after a long day/night of drinking for Saint Patrick's Day. Food is what you would expect. The drinks had soda spilled all over the cups, making a mess in the car. They had us wait seven minutes to serve lunch which was kind of annoying but necessary I guess. They also forgot to give us one of our sandwiches.I do not know why I continue to come here- the food tastes like crap- and the service is even worse! I only come here for my daughter who enjoys the happy meals. Kids have some weird taste. 
But I would only come back here once in a while for the fact the service always pisses me off, and whether they get the order right is hit or miss. I don't see how it's so hard working there and putting the right items in the bag. 
Luckily I haven't been to McDonald's in a while and this review is a couple weeks overdue! When you are thinking fast food- McDonald's is not the way to go! Unless you want to "go" to the bathroom right away!If I could give no starts I would. Never get the order right. Ever. No one cares. Gets it wrong when we get it sent through UberEats.I ordered three McDoubles and nuggets and they served me them with the patty off the bun the cheese wasn't even between the burgers and the bread was stale, if you don't like your job than quit. Corporate really needs to come thru and change this place and do some work. Unbelievable my nephew was upset and his nuggets weren't even warm they were cold like they've been sitting for an hour. I get it it's McDonald's...but this was unreallisten... i get it... its McDonalds but come on! This place has the worst attention to detail i have ever had to deal with. I ordered a bacon egg n cheese biscuit with a coffee (2 creams hold the sugar). What i got? a bacon egg n cheese mcgriddle (ewwww) with  black coffee.... ugh
sucks that they dont get the orders right. so be warned CHECK YOUR ORDER before you drive off......The other reviews are correct; the service is terrible   I rarely if ever eat fast food but on the few occasions I have been there the experience was extremely poor even by McDonald's standards. The real concern is the activities that occur on and near the property. It appears this location is a regular "hang out" for drug users/dealers and beggars. Given all the improvements to the area, its residents would be far better served with a healthier and safer environment.  I do not expect much from a fast food restaurant but this is beyond unsafeIt's McDonald's. Definitely not gourmet, but it's fast and convenient for the kids. At this particular location, they could have a better supply of napkins and ketchup at the customer's disposal, but like I said: it's McDonalds. You generally go in knowing what to expect.Worst. McDonalds. Ever.  They ran out of Shamrock Shake mix prior to 2pm on the day before St Patricks day.  Bad planning.i went there today. I saw 4 young ladies working and except for the nice girl working at the back window w her mask on properly, every single other employee i saw had their masks on wrong, exposing their noses. I feel like this defeats the purpose, especially when they could breathe on the food and spread covid like that. the food was decent but my 10 piece nuggets only had 9, unfortunately.This is a hard review to write because I've had so many mix ups here but one top notch experience.
When I'm feeling weak and hungover I sometimes pop in here on my way to work for a #1 with a small oj..more times than I can remember the order gets messed up. The drive through takes forever and by the time you get your bag you're frustrated and late and you drive off without noticing you got a bacon biscuit sandwich instead of your egg McMuffin....devastating lol
Now recently an employee was moving to california to work remotely and as his going away party we catered in McDonald's (kind of a gag party but you should give it a go). I went inside because I knew this wasn't a drive through order..I ordered probably 15 mc doubles half without onions.. 10 4 pc McNuggets.. flurries..several Big Macs..fries..pies..etc..we went all out. The woman at the counter was so nice and I got all that food faster than any drive though experience. What's even better is instead of ringing up everything separately she rang them in as pick twos for $4 or something...I spent way less than expected! 
Lesson learned no drive through for me..but large orders are surprisingly a yes here!Sorry excuse of an establishment. Can't believe this place has the audacity to consider itself a restaurant. Incredibly long wait times even for orders placed ahead of time, rude staff, dirty interior. Don't do it to yourself, get chipotle next door instead- you'll thank yourself for it and save yourself the frustration.I loathe McDonald's and fast food in general, but I did go here once out of sheer desparation, hunger and broke-ass-ed-ness.  I got a $1.00 McChicken Sandwich, no pickles - It came to $1.07 and I just barely had the change scraped together.
What a humbling experience.
I pray it won't happen again.Had to reorder my meal twice and was wrong once I received the order. The sandwich had a plastic label inside of it. Customer service was awful!!! The staff need customer service training and safety protocol education!Found long hair in my fries on 2/7/2021. Some workers not masked. Those with masks did not have their noses covered.I would give this place 0 stars if u could. It's just ratchet in here. Every person that works here is ratchet. They are fighting behind the counter. They have meek mill blasting from a boom box in the back. The manager with the nasty wig is horrible too. The place is RATCHET. Takes forever to get food yet everyone is chillen in the backThe worst service ever. Waiting in line with one register open but eventually 2 open. I only ordered hot cakes but took forever to get my order. I asked if they have McRib but nobody knows what it is. One girl said if I meant McGriddle. Other customer helped me to describe what it was. One girl said she didn't know what I was talking about. I never go back here againI ordered breakfast for my wife and I . In the order was 2 coffees . The women at the register asked  "how many creams and sugars". I asked for 6 in total. As my breakfast was put together which added up to $18 I was given 4 creams. I asked for the 2 more I originally requested. The girl reached her hand in the bin and gave me one more . I almost blew my stack ! But posted this review instead. Poor management in that store .One star is too high for this McDonalds.  I've never in my life been to such a crap hole.  Unfortunately I had no choice being that we were on foot and my son only wanted a happy meal.  First off you have to zig zag your way through all the bums and loiterers outside the entrances.  We walked in and were welcomed with a foul odor.  There was one cashier and the line was 8 deep.  No one working there seemed to care.  The workers were busy chatting up a storm as the line grew longer.  About 15 minutes later we finally ordered.  We had to wait another 8 minutes to get the happy meal.  In the mean time we were approached by several bums asking for change.  As we left I realised they forgotten my sons apple juice.  I was not turning back or ever returning to this place.  I stopped at the news stand and got him his juice.  What a shame.  I've been to other McDonalds in bad neighbourhoods but this one is the worst one by far.  Where is the regional manager of this franchise?
Steer Clear of this place at all costs.I have no problem treating McDonald's for what it is. I don't go to one expecting the guy making the food to have a Michelin Star and I won't review it like one. That being said, this place is terrible even for a McDonald's. It's unfortunate that this establishment is crippled primarily by its clientele which consists of a strange contrast of vagrants and drunken rich kids from Penn with a stick up their posterior. I actually prefer the Vagrants, they don't try to drunkenly pick fights because they're too wasted to notice that that person was standing in front of them for ten minutes and didn't cut in front of them. Said snot-nosed brats are the same reason they have to limit the menu late at night. It's dirty, because for some reason going to Penn means you don't have to pick up your trash. The types out front late at night can be suspect, even though PPD and campus security is legion in the area. Staff can be pretty curt, bordering on rude, which is almost understandable given they spend most of their time cattle-caring and cleaning up after overgrown children. All in all, it's not really worth the time to go here, even if it is 2 AM and you're starving.
And yes, the guy you just tried to pick a fight with who turned out to be your Orgo lab TA will still be mad even after you've sobered up and written a 2 page E-Mail trying to apologize.Probably one of the worst McDonald's I have been to. My order came out wrong, so I took it back to get it fixed - the person working at that time looked straight at me and said simply stated, "oh well". To be quite honest, I don't expect five star service at a McDonald's; however, I do expect there to be some decent service to the point where I can fix an order gone wrong. So to get a response as such, it really did bother me.Pros: Good location, relatively safe even late at night, accepts coupons, cheap food.
Con: 9 out of 10 times you go there you'll see some little kid being smacked upside the head by an easily frustrated "parent". It's almost as bad as SEPTA!Let's just say unless youre planning on becoming the next American chess star, steer clearSince this is a McDonald's, I went in with low expectations, but this place still managed to fall short of this low bar. I ordered a chicken sandwich with no mayo. I had to wait 20+ minutes for the sandwich. When it finally arrived, sure enough, my sandwich was slathered in mayo. When I informed the cashier of her mistake, she replied curtly that I hadn't said no mayo. Of course, I had. After another 10+ minutes of waiting, I finally had my sandwich. So much for fast food.
This place is almost always filled with either hoodrats or drunk Penn kids. Stay away.YEAAAAAA this place is littt. Only thing is, I would say about 76% of the time the "ice cream machine" aka flurry machine is broken. It has ruined my night multiple times. But other than that, such good food. It's also really healthy for you so its a win, win. It is a little expensive though
P.S. the wall deco is impeccable and the workers are cuteWent here out of desperation.  Pulled up to see a group of skateboarders and smelly homeless people.  Decided to leave my hungry bunch in the car as I ventured inside.  The place smells but is not a surprise because of the clientele that walk aimlessly about.  The service wasn't that bad despite the fact that there seemed to be only 3 people working and one of them was in the seating area sweeping the floors and the tables.  Yes I said tables.  If I knew the area better probably would've looked for someplace else.Pros: Somewhat clean, friendly staff , solid location if you are by campus, most importantly eating 60 chicken nuggets in one sitting didn't kill me. 
Cons: long lines, people outside can be suspect depending on what time of the day.University City McDonald's 40th & Walnut. Horrible... Horrible.... Horrible. Their frappe machine is always down. I went on Friday it wasn't working, I went again the following Monday, it still isn't working. This happens all of the time. Also, they have a bad habit of not having pennies in their registers, so if they owe you 4 cents, they will say "oh sorry I do not have any pennies in my register". Instead of giving you a nickel, they would rather short you and keep your changes. At first it didn't bother me, then I thought, how many people are they doing this too they are making extra money doing this.Picture yourself 5 years out of college, on a college campus, after a 3 hour open bar happy hour. You are going to be starving. It is 10:30, sorority girls doing their grocery shopping, and you are salivating at the thought of Bobby's Burger Palace. But it is closed. That's fine, Chipotle is next door. But that is closed too. Fine fine, we will get Jimmy John's. Wait, they don't toast their subs, don't want it. Finally, we see a golden arch peaking out around the corner. What is it? What is it? It is the one and only Mickey D's!
This McDonalds is bringing in 4 stars for a few reasons. Reliability. It is open when I want it. Cleanliness. Beer goggles didn't prevent me from noticing this city McDonalds was recently cleaned. Personality. There were 3 ladies working behind the counter that either loved picking on drunk guys or just had good personality. Overall, the two cheeseburger meal saved the night!
Ronald McDonald greater than Bobby Flayok. I was emotional abused when I went to this restaurant tonight. I had the worst day ever and all I wanted was a McFLurry! Well guess what, the machine was broken (classic) and they also were out of Buttermilk chicken nuggets, even though they have 50 ads for them all around the store. Then they yelled at us to sit on the weird side of the restaurant (the right side) and to top it off, they were out of ketchup. This visit to McDonalds only contributed to my already crippling depression. Not pleased.The last time I came here, I'm pretty sure they made my iced coffee with sweet tea.  The time before that, they forgot my order for like 15min and then forgot to put sugar in my iced coffee.  The time before THAT, they didn't put cream (or whatever the fake cream is) in it.
I'm not ashamed to admit I visit McD's from time to time and I don't expect fine dining.  But this place is bad even by the chain's standards.  Also, it smells like poo.  There, I said it.So I come into this McDonald's because I'm in love with the surrounding neighborhood. Boy did I make a mistake. My goal was to save money and instead I got a taste of something sour that university city has to offer. First off there was crap dripping off the ceiling but no one seemed to care even though it was in several areas. Second, the cashier's were horsing around too much to realize they had two sizable lines. Third, this place is stingy with food utensils. Who eats a salad with their fingers. And now for the dealbreaker there was a loud mouth pimp in there with his junkie lady friends. The staff couldn't even ask them to leave. I guess it was because there were some people outside waiting to have a word with the pimp and junkies.It's pretty bad. Really, what do you expect, greatness? You won't get it, though you will get soggy fries and the typical Big Mac.
From what I hear, they would tear this place down to make room for new development, but McDonald's doesn't allow it. 
Burger King across the street was shown the door, why can't McDonald's get the hint?Fast service when you go at the right times. A lot of homeless people around that area and inside. Little smelly sometimes. Lots of drunk college kids at late hoursIt's ghetto.  $40,000 a year genius wharton students within feet, yet this particular establishment boasts probably some of the poorest service and worst quality people in the state as its frequently quitting employees.  Will they acknowledge you in line? unlikely.  It's probably their last shift before walking out. Slow unacknowledging Drake and autotuned rap listening, so good luck getting to see the start of your movie.  It's 15-30 minutes for a cheeseburger at this S Show.Ordered an Egg McMuffin, coke and asked if they have carbonated water (I like to dilute my coke so it's a bit less sugary).  Both the lady taking my order and manager gave me dagger stares and answered me like I was crazy.
So, I waited 10 minutes while every other guest was served plus everyone who walked in after me.  The manager reached up and deleted an egg McMuffin from the order list (which I later guessed was mine).  
After another few minutes, I walked to the register and asked if there was a problem with my order and a refund.  Although I did get my money back, I got no response about whether there was a problem with my order and no apology.  Just more dagger stares and silence.
Apparently, the lesson here is don't EVER ask a question.  Of better yet, spend your money elsewhere.ZERO Stars for what we referred to as McDEATH when i was a grad student at Penn.  There have been shootings, stabbiong, roberroes and muggings here over the many years.
Yet somehow - McDeath remains open.
Let's not even talk about the "hood" demographic servers and patrons alike.
And of course the scads of loiterers and homeless, down & out West Philly types.
AVOID.  AVOID.nothing can satisfy my tummy after some drunken debauchery at Smoke's like mickey D's on 40th and walnut.  the characters you meet there make your experience all the better.  I WILL MISS YOU MCDONALDS.
-Penn SeniorStepped in for a McGriddle (I know, I know, but it was later in the AM and hot breakfast options were scarce) and turned right back around because of the stomach-turning stench.  Either they need to do a much better job cleaning or do something about making sure that only customers are sitting in the lobby.This place is much improved from how it was before the new management took over about a year ago. That being said, if the souplines of the 1930s were to have a modern equivalent, they would be this McDonald's. I've personally been repeatedly panhandled in the store. Someone fired a gun in the store a few months ago. The speed of the service is slower than average. (Then again, it seems like pretty much every Philadelphia fast food establishment is a bit on the pokey side.) If you have some sort of coupon or discount, expect to wait a good six minutes for the cashier to find the manager. Waiting that long made me wish I hadn't asked for ten cents off.
I've got to say the worst thing that's happened here has been when I have ordered soft serve. These guys are perfectionists! They will pour me a cone, decide that it isn't perfectly shaped, open the top of the soft serve machine, dump the ice cream back into it, and then pour me the cone again! In addition to being a potential health code violation, this sure makes it take a long time for me to get my cone! (This has happened more than once.)Ok first, I don't think this place deserves just one star. It's not THAT bad, even though there are people who love to shit on this location. But it also certainly doesn't deserve more than 2 stars.
You may be asking yourself why the heck this guy is reviewing a McDonald's. It's mainly to point out how bad this place is compared to other McD I've been to.
First, the environment is pretty smelly upon entering. Seriously. There's some perpetual stink to the place that I can't (and don't want) put a finger on. 
Environment: 1/5
The food is pretty typical except that there's some feel of dirtiness because the air is kinda stinky. Also, one time I ordered two salads with chicken, and I literally got the amount of lettuce of 1 salad, split into two bowls and with an extra piece of chicken. 
Food: 2/5
Good for late-night snacking as always, however, as would be expected of any Mcd.
Go to Jimmy John's instead, unless you're craving something super oily at night.Occasionally I like to treat myself to a nice 2 for $5 sausage egg mcmuffin with 3 hashbrowns on the side. A McDonalds here is the same as the McDonalds there, but the quality of the service differs in each location. 
I usually come here in the early mornings to grab breakfast and service is quite fast. They handle a hefty amount of customers everyday, from students to homeless people begging, to more students drunk at night after partying. 
One time they said it'll take a few minutes to prepare my hashbrowns so they offered to give me a free large Freshly Squeezed orange juice drink! (I only say freshly squeezed because thats what it says on the machine). 
It was the manager of the morning shift who had given me this treat. She's so kind :)DO NOT GO HERE. Especially at night. besides the drug addicts falling over all of the tables, the employees are RUDE, INCOMPETENT, SLOW and SASSY (not in a good way). the milkshake machine never works and it takes forever to get your food. in addition, the restaurant is very dirty and you typically have to pay extra for many condiments (like honey mustard).ok, it's mcdonalds. we all get that. it's not so much the restaurant as the staff. i am very impressed by their courtesy and attention to detail. if you need mcd's after a night out, these folks will hook you up and treat you well.Andy is right. this has to be the worst mcdonalds ever.  i will not deny that i am one of the few people left in the world who actually enjoys mcdonalds, but this particular one is just awful.
from the homeless people pestering you nonstop, to shadiness going on in the bathrooms, combined with the fact that it takes the workers there about 20 minutes to give you your meal, makes this mcdonalds one to avoid.
on my last trip there, i saw a lady changing her infant son's crappy diaper on one of the tables.The wait was  way longer than I have ever experienced at a McDonald's. Took about 10 minutes to get a burger and fries. The burger was only warm, the fries were hot. Everyone seemed to move really slowly. 
The staff was in full swearing  mode tonight. The guy cleaning the floor was tossing F-bombs every few seconds. Half the clientele appeared to be homeless. Panhandling seems to be  allowed in the restaurant. Even the cashier was asking for tips. 
OK, it was  an interesting McDonald's but I don't  think I would come here on a regular  basis.I used to have a silly mustache.  It was long and thin (extending about 4 inches or so into the air).  I had it for three years.  I used it as a prop for my pro wrestling habit.
One time, while in the area, I decided to stop into this McDonald's.  I waited in line until it was my turn to speak to the girl at the counter.
Perhaps she had never seen a mustache before.  It must have been something new for her, as she immediately began to laugh in my face over it.
Now, wearing a ridiculous stache like that, you have to take the reactions with a grain of salt.  I knew this.  It didn't bother me.  I was used to it.
Except, this girl started to laugh uncontrollably at me.  In fact, so much so that she wouldn't take my order.  Instead, she called over a large group of McDonald's workers to look at me... all the while pointing at me and wetting themselves with glee and cackling.  Much like at the circus.  Much like the pack of hyenas in The Lion King.
Even so, it wouldn't have been so horrible.  Except it wasn't a HA HA I'm with you on the joke.  It was malicious laughing.  Belittling laughing.
You can imagine all the ignorant, ghetto trash things they said to me.  Let's face it.  They WERE ghetto trash, and they worked in McDonald's in Philadelphia.  This isn't an indication of race or socioeconomic status -- just a statement on our town. 
Of all the travesties of manners and customer service I've endured in Philly fast food establishments, this experience was perhaps the most damning and indicative of the type of slugs that inhabit this city's minimum wage workforce.Pros: Food tasted as it should... which isn't really a pro because we should come to expect that from any restaurant, especially a chain. The staff was friendly and it's close to campus.
Cons: This McDonald's looks like it hasn't been renovated since the early 90's and is in a bit of a disconnect with the rebranding McDonald's is trying to implement. The tables were dirty, the manager stood around when he should've take initiative to clean tables, open up an extra cash register, or done something to increase customer experience.Pros:. It's 24/7 so you can get your McDonald's cravings. 
Cons: Their service is fairly poor. The cashier may mess up your order or their queue process will get backed up. Also, for some reason, there is a high traffic of homeless people, which is fine, but it gets to be difficult to eat if you are approached several times in a night. It happened to my friends and I. There were three of us; three different people approached to ask for food.After my son opened his kids meal, we realized his milk was expired after he drank some. I showed it to an employee and she checked their milk bottles. They were all expired. We were offered no refund or even an apology. The other milk was not even removed from the fridge.I waited a very long line for the drive-through for a Diet Coke and a medium french fry I didn't open the bag until I got home my fries were barely halfway full.This is the place to go when you're drunk out of your mind. The service, cleanliness, and food is far below even the most  sub-par of places to eat in west philly. However, it does the trick if you're drunk and in need of a quick hunger fix. Otherwise, avoid this pile like the plague. Penn should try harder to get rid of this place.Pros: it is open 24/7, so it is a savior when those late night cravings hit.
Cons: it's a toss up whether you get super stale soggy fries or not, and food is mediocre.
Overall, does its job serving up greasy fast food.This is strictly for the girl Heather who waited on me the other night.  The place was full of drunks and losers and she still was the most sweet, pleasant, and helpful person.  I can't say I would have been the same way so kudos to Heather for providing great customer service under crappy working conditions.I'm a big fan of McDonald's but This place is a piece of bullshit. Within a week, the system was down for at least once (therefore no transactions) and ice cream machine was "not working" for at least another time. Save yourself some headache and go somewhere else.Wow, first time I walked in here and was hit by a disgusting smell.... I still cringe today every time I walk in. Apparently it's whatever their cleaner is, mixed with the smell of a college student's vomit on the floor (which happens all too often, if the rolling of the staff's eyes is to be taken into account). I really do feel sorry for them to have to clean up after the mess students make, the local residents are much better about policing their trash.
Speed is efficient and one of the first McDonald's I had seen with the LCD menus back in 2002-ish?
There's a drive-thru? :P
But the Burger King that was removed in favor of the restaurant/Bridge combination across the street was sad, and this is the only thing left really from my initial view of this intersection in 1998... aside from the old Public Library.
As for safety, it's considerably improved from 10 years ago, I would say. There are fewer bums and fewer shady characters as that's been pushed away and further out by the gentrification of the area. Most of the worry now comes from the north, near Market & 40th.Gotta say, this place is stepping it up. I suppose they finally realized that given their location they should be doing about $150,000,000 in business a day, and that they would be if the place wasn't such a colossal wreck. Went in the other day, late(ish) at night and was greeted by a vagrant and (fall-down) drunk student free environment that was reasonably clean. They seem to be in the habit of hiring private security to keep the squatters and homeless out of the place NOW. They have new electronic screen menus, buzzer order-calling system, and a much better attitude.This McDonalds always smells bad...makes you loose your appetite...food takes very long and majority of the workers have attitudes.This McDonald's, like the rest of the chain, is nothing special. The customer service is barely up to par and it's always crowded, due to its location. Half the time, it's messy. Ketchup and napkins everywhere, tables are greasy, etc. Again, this isn't different than any of the the other McDonald's around.I have been to many a McDonalds in my life, and this one is by far the worst. The first thing you notice when you walk in is the smell. It's a combination of stale BO, cheap floor cleaner and grease. It's terrible. 
The second thing you tend to notice is the clientele. It's like every bum and "people of Walmart" type person in university city. 
The food is terrible (even by McD's golden standards), the restaurant is incredibly dirty, the bathroom is unusable. If you do decide to go here, lord help you. Check your bag before you leave because you will probably have been given the wrong items. Also probably wash your hands.While affectionately called McDeath by many West Philadelphians, this McDonald's might deserve a little more leeway, in my opinion. People that take the time to write reviews on Yelp are not likely to be people that frequent McDonald's (myself included). If you love food enough to write detailed reviews then in all likelihood, you love food too much to settle for a Micky D's cheeseburger. 
Pretension is a vice of the highest order, and I am typically loathe to accept the kind of rhetoric that often gets thrown around art and food culture. There's a season for all things, and while your local art gallery may not have the kind of displays you can find at the Barnes, it doesn't mean it's unworthy of a visit. To my mind, the same is true of restaurants. There's a time and a place for a visit to Qdoba or especially, the local food truck. For a late night McFlurry, what better than the McDonald's on Walnut and 40th? 
Despite certain enjoyable oddities - the Coltrane jazz over the loudspeakers, for instance - this McDonald's location is certainly subpar. As one reviewer stated, it may be in need of a mulligan, or at the very least, an upgrade. Even the usually standardized quality of the food is subpar (allow me a whiny moment: I ordered a Reese's McFlurry and the thing was unmixed, just a sprinkling of peanut butter pieces on top). That's not a McFlurry; that's soft-serve with an accidental spill of crunched-up Reese's. FYI: there's a Ben & Jerry's right around the corner.Usually slow service even when there aren't too many people. Best come here when drunk or you're gonna have a bad time. Fries are good but they don't give you as much as other McDonald restaurants. Homeless people are always visible outside during the day but otherwise it's just like any other McDonalds.Hahahaha... so happy to see these other 2 reviews! This has absolutely got to be the shittiest McDonald's on the planet. The drive-thru people yell at you, then ask you to pull over and wait for your food. After 15 minutes I finally backed into the drive-thru line again and blocked everyone from getting their food until they gave me mine. Everyone was honking and screaming and I thought I was going to get shot... what a rush! As mentioned, it is more of a homeless shelter than anything. "Alright, McGriddle!"
I looked up this McDonald's specifically because most of my other reviews are all positive, so I thought to myself "What is the absolutely worst place in Philly I have been to?" This is my answer.I feel bad for the people that work at this McDonald's and even the store itself has weird practices. 
Firstly, their late night menu is limited and has slightly more expensive choices. None of their dollar/value menu. They're also cash only...or they were atleast when I was there around 2:30ish before a much-needed trip to Fresh Grocer. I always carry cash and my card, but, I can see how this can cause chaos in the store. Especially, when you have like 25 drunk college kids in line. 
Don't even let me get started on them...I am 23 years old before I come off as an old fart, "Get off my lawn."-type. I party...even rave. I embarrass myself and do stupid shit. However, I have never walked into an establishment like it was my house and just left a whole thing of trash on a table and just had complete disrespect for everybody. The place isn't the cleanest to begin with and that adds on. 
There's also the people from the Consortium and other nearby clinics that hang in there all day...but, that's a whole-nother-ball game. 
I'll give them a star back for being McDonald's (everything is standard for the most part) and the extended in a convenient location.Worst customer service in the world, even for a McDonald's. Employees are rude and ignore you constantly, not to mention give you attitude if you ask for sauce,etc. I was wondering handed a burger without a patty here.I accidentally made the following review for the 30th and Market location. It was intended for the 40th and Walnut location:
Awful, one of the worst McDonalds I've been to in recent history. Sure, it's clean and has a convenient location, but that's all this place has going for it.
The people who work there are generally incompetent and the food is way below par, even for McDonalds.
Several times I have had problems with being served inedible food, most recently I received a quarter pounder that must have been sitting in the back of the tray for days: it was hard as a rock, and the entire sandwich was stuck together as if it had been prepared ages ago and left to solidify. Let me elaborate...if I dropped it on the counter top it mimicked a cinder block. If i held the top bun, everything stayed together.
Yeah. No thanks.
If you are a college student looking for late night grub on the cheap, I would suggest you head up the street to DP Dough Philly for a cheap calzone.Cashier was rude, gave me 16 coins as a change, and yelled when I asked if I can pay by card instead. It's on top of dirtiness, shelter for homeless people mentioned in other reviews.i have a special nickname for this place: McAttytood's 
whenever i am too broke to catch a bite at the Fresh Grocer or other better-heeled local establishments, i go in here..and remember why i dont visit that often.
at least they renovated the interior, it was really kinda grody for years. but even with the upgrade in appearance, the service is poorer than that of the Mickey D's by the Broad and Olney SEPTA station (and that is some kind of achievement in itself).
even if all i want is a couple items off the dollar menu, it takes FOREVER...and then i have to deal with the banter of the employees bitching about their job and about each other, when they arent dealing with customers they obviously cant stand. and then since the place is 24/7 - you get a nice mix of college students/homeless/crazy/west philly locals that always provide unintentional street theater.
if you HAVE to get mickey d's or dont have a lot of money to hit up the much better options in the area, just get your McKibbles N Bits and clear out - its not worth the aggravation of even sit down snacking.
but you know what, Crown Fried Chicken is RIGHT next to the El Stop at 40th and market...you can get the same quality food and there's an ATM!Why is the ice cream machine never working??? Why is the staff so rude at all hours??? These are the questions that keep me awake at nightA McDonald's cashier here asked me if she could borrow my money. Totally unprofessional and out of line. Staff is often rude and the crowd is a bit sketchy. Avoid if possible.I hate to admit it... I hate coming here to this McDonalds, but I do it anyways! This place is home to many bums, college drunks, and raucus! However, I can't always turn down a McFlurry at midnight. 
I do love their McGriddles in the morning, and occasionally an Asian salad for lunch. However, I've learned my lessons over the years and will not touch a McD's burger, no matter my wallet situation.Absolutely divine. Super friendly staff- a guy says hello every time I walk in. I like the fries. Ice cream is best though. Diet Coke always crisp and cold. They would remember my order and recognize me. I have been a frequent customer of this location for 4 years. Anything less than 5 stars is robbery!Hardware wise, this McDonald's still sucks, so this rating is only for the excellent customer service I received from a particular cashier. 
Came in at 1:25AM for some nuggets and it was primetime. This particular experience could've easily gone south in a matter of seconds, but thankfully, and surprisingly, it didn't. 
The place was packed but I only waited about 2 minutes on the line, and just when I thought it wasn't so bad, I was shoved and told "Yo, you just cut me bro. I was here first." 
Being drunk is no excuse for anything, nor is it a reason to think you're royalty because you said wassup to two employees behind the counter. I decided it wasn't worth arguing with two drunks over waiting 20 seconds and the cashier recognized that and came to my defense. 
"Actually, he didn't cut you because there are two separate lines and you were on the other one."
When it came time for me to order, I was taken aback by how kind, apologetic, and accommodating the cashier was. I didn't catch his bame, but when I come back to this McDonald's, I'll personally thank him if he's working the shift because the world needs more people like him.Reflecting on my culinary experiences since coming to Penn (basically Chipotle, McDonald's, and low-grade dining hall food) and I figured this McDonald's deserved one of my shitty yelp reviews. I've been here way too many times during the second half of the semester, because that's when everything started going downhill. I usually just get McNuggets so I am an easily satisfied, no frills no fuss kind of customer. Once when I went to this place, they ran out of ice cream and I laughed. Then they ran out of ketchup which was ????? confusing???? Then they ran out of McNuggets one night and my regard for this place plummeted so fucking fast. I cannot quite grasp the concept of 'running out' of food at a fast food establishment where they probably have freezers that can be filled to the brim with FROZEN FOOD. That being said, McDonald's has only done me wrong like 3 out of the 20 times I've been here this semester so overall it's okay I guess. The experience is definitely better drunk, because then you can overlook the fact that the floor looks like it hasn't been mopped in weeks and the shenanigans of the other intoxicated fools who are also there.They take forever just for a 10 piece nuggets, there's no one here but college kids at 2:37 at there no
Reason why they said I have to wait 15-20 mins. It's fast food for a reason. What you have to do? Kill the chicken too?I visited this McDonald's with family as we were staying in the area for a quick weekend trip from NYC. Considering we are from NY and have dealt with our share of rude McDonald's employees this experience was something out of the twilight zone. The staff was arguing back and forth with customers and lack of care when handling the food ( no gloves...hair nets). I'm not fancy at all especially as I know for McDonald's you get what you pay for...but the service and quality of food was disgusting. As soon as we got back to our hotel hoping the food was not going to be as bad as the experience...NOPE we were wrong. The fries were under cooked, the cheese on the sandwiches tasted spoiled and the bread was not only burnt but the was also two different colors. Needless to say if I ever come back to visit again I will not be going back to this McDonald's.One time I ordered fish filet meal at Macdonald and asked them what drink they recommend the lady said sprite and I said ok I'll have the sprite it was a good recommendationOk, the service here is honestly really bad. I've gotten my order mixed up so many times; my friend has gotten a few items missing from his order once. I know customer facing jobs are hard, but sometimes at night the employees get very impatient and slow, and decide to talk to each other instead of taking orders when there's a long line. If you want better service, come earlier - they are actually nicer!
Now onto the actual food here. This place has it all. Except mobile order for a while, but I think they support it now. I've gotten a lot of food here. I've gotten the bundle box so many times I think I should get a rewards card. Use the McDonalds app and you will get rewards and come back so often.
Get the bundle box. Get nuggets. Use the $2 off $10 coupon. Or the big mac for a dollar.I have never waited this long for McDonald's in my entire life. During my wait, one of the employees was incredibly rude to a customer who asked about the status of his order. A number of other customers were waiting as long as I was for food, some even longer. The restaurant is not very clean and my food was given to me in an impersonal manner, not to mention the fact it was only lukewarm. I will never go back to this McDonald's.When I'm traveling abroad, McDonald's is my go to place to find a clean restroom (e.g., Quetzaltenango, Guatemala). It's also true that McDonald's fries are good and also true that you can get good Coke products at McDonald's.
The reason that this McDonald's is of particular interest is that it provides a good visual contrast of old versus new fastfood chains. What was probably only 10 years ago (?) the eating highlight in the area, and maybe 20 years ago (?) a place where people wanted to go, is now clearly the most out-of-time-and-place restaurant in the area. This place looks like a dump - no new paint in many years, all the lights on the McDonald's sign probably don't work (I think a good indicator that a business isn't doing well is that they stop replacing the lights in their sign), and the inside tired and worn. And the advertising on the windows (e.g., highlighting current specials) is old school. 
In contrast, just down the street, are maybe the best (or at least very good) examples of contemporary and very successful fast food chains: Bobby's Burger Palace,Sweetgreen, and Chipotle. These places are clean and have contemporary design (food and eating area). I'm not convinced the food is healthier at these places versus McDonald's, but the food does taste much better. And the advertising at these new place more clever (especially Chipotle's cups and takeout bags).
These new chains are where people who have extra $ (and even people who don't have extra $) go. Looking at the people going into these restaurant chains on Walnut Street, mostly only the people who don't have much $ go to McDonald's. 
McDonald's is to Bobby's Burger what Jordache is to Diesel Jeans. Except that isn't exactly right because I think in some circles Jordache still has some cachet and in no circles does McDonald's have status. 
I'm all for McDonald's making a come back (go USA!), but looking at this McDonald's on this street I just don't see it happening. 
Update: the very next day after posting this review I ate at Chipotle. I saw a father eating Chipotle who was with his son eating a McDonald's Happy Meal. Turns out Chipotle does have a kid menu, just not posted. Seems like kids are a group Chipotle could better target.so I am dearly saddened ever since i read a book called "chew on this." they taught me how you are a not the best resource of food currently. I do enjoy your ketchup every once in a while. That is why you will be getting one star. Yuo also forget my bbq sauce everytime i report to your restraunt as a last resort. That makes me sad. Thanks for your timeCan I gave this place a lower rating? The service was beyond awful. The manager had no control over her staff. I waited 35 minutes for fresh fries and a happy meal. Then after waiting all of this time the employee who was standing around decided she would randomly give me old fries. When I made a stink about the fries the want to be manager told me the fries I watched be cooked 7 minutes earlier were fresh. There were employees talking to their friends and no one seemed to be working. For a place that's does not have a parking lot they need a better and faster system for serving customers.Delicious! Amazing customer service and ambiance. I ordered 12 McChickens and they were great. Will be back again soon!middle of a pandemic and the employe had no gloves on. and proceeded to argue with me after i mentioned it. disgusting !!!Lol this Mcdonald's is atrocious. 
The 1 star is for the fact it's open 24/7. Everything else about this place sucks. The wait for food is abysmally long.. Mcdonald's is supposed to be the fast food of fast food places. I could've gotten a burger from Tap House next door quicker than this place was pumping out fries. The vibes here were also negative, populated by mostly the wrong crowd. Would not have a comfortable meal sitting in.
Hire more workers. Have some kind of rule for not populating your entire restaurant with non-paying customers. Buy febreeze or something.I usually expect better from McDonald's. Stale bun, gross lettuce, not their best by a long shot. Serious this doesn't look edible! Doesn't Thayer like it should honestlyThis McDonald's is in a good location. Very close to campus and other apartments buildings nearby. The food is pretty close to what you get at any other McDonald's location. The service, however, is extremely slow. Expect to wait for your food. This could be because the location is often understaffed. The building itself is not clean and has water dripping for the ceiling. Not really a place I want to sit and eat.Jesus!!! How has McDonald's corporate offices not closed this place down.  The people working had no sense of urgency and looked miserable that they were working there.  We waited about 20 minutes for 3 breakfast meals.  The hash browns were not even cooked all the way through and the chick with braids down to her ass kept pushing her hair behind her after touching the hash browns.  If I lived in this area I'd drive further just to avoid this place.Probably the worst McDonald's I've been to. They make all their stuff at once and don't make your order fresh. The nuggets and fries weren't hot and were stale and the sandwich was soggy. Avoid this heap of trash and save your money.YIKES! This Mickey D's got a big D- from me. Pretty much a fail! Not passing by any means! This is the worst food I have ever had at a McDonalds!
Granted, I did come in around 2am.. but that should not excuse REALLY bad food and service. I had completely burnt patties on my Big Mac for goodness sake! 
I did experience some attitude as well... But I was ok with that... after all, I was surrounded by drunk customers... anyone dealing with drunk customers for hours on end would become impatient. So this did not effect my rating... 1 star accounts for really bad food!EDIT: I had given this 3 stars because I love McDonalds food. I really do; I've probably eaten the whole menu so many times over that I've shortened a few years off my life span. But after many experiences I bumped the original review down to 1 star.
With that said, I realized that I should review this establishment in terms of the service and not the food, since it's a chain establishment. With that in mind, this is by far the worst customer-facing establishment I have ever been at in terms of service. I'll mention a caveat that if you come before 10:00pm, I genuinely believe the people on shift here are much nicer, but I've had too many midnight run-ins with really poor service, and without the place being busy! I can understand that late at night people can get cranky but I believe that sometimes I've had endless downright disrespectful encounters.
One that sticks out in my memory is this one night we were at McDonalds. It was around midnight and the place was NOT busy - perhaps 3 people in line. We had ordered through mobile order and came to pick up our food. When we picked it up, we asked for a cup of water with the order. The person glared at us and did not reply. We asked nicely a few times, asking if they weren't allowed to serve water as part of their policy, which we understood if that was the case. Both of the people just glared at us and went back to talking to each other. At that point, there were still only maybe 3 people ordering and they were not doing anything besides standing around. This lasted for 10-20 minutes, which eventually more people came. We ended up asking one of the cashiers, who was nice enough to give us the water. We were paying customers and the service people did not even give us a reply even when we tried to phrase the questions in an understanding manner.
This was probably my worst encounter at McDonalds, but I've had similar encounters that just leave my impression of this place... not so good.It is conveniently located in the area, right across from Fresh Grocer. They have everything a regular McDonald offers. Love their limited time international menu. Especially Canadian fried chicken sandwich. It is the BEST chicken sandwich I've ever had in McDonald or elsewhere. I was very surprised by the crunchy and favorable chicken patty. I wish they can keep this burger on their menu. 
However, the place itself smells rather bad whenever we come. That is why I am only giving it a 2 stars comparing to other McDonald's.The manager sent two employees to beat up a Ronald McDonald clown outside the store advocating for $15 wages. I mean my god it's the clown of the company lolBy far some of the worst service 
Even by McDonald's standards 
Waited 10 minutes for fries while the staff just sat there. Rude when anyone asked her to do anything besides sit on her assThis location on 40th st has to better in regards to how their staff act when there are customers present,  they are extremely loud and do not take into account that not everyone need to hear their conversations...they be too busy interacting with one another than taking care of what needs to be done.  Their tone of voice is not welcoming.The rating on this McDonalds resturant is completely true and doesn't even deserve a star 
The building is old and very dirty. One entrance is typically blcked by random debris. It is very unorganized and is very underequipped  
I have had many experiences here. It is in a great location and a prime hub where people walk and visit nearby stores. 
If you want to be hastled by 10 homeless people and sit in a poorly cleaned seat definitely stop by. On numerous occasions I have been asked, sometimes offering food and money to the people. 
If you can believe it not even uber eats can change the rating as many times the food is below average. A few times the food was damaged and missing items. 
My worst and very recent experience here was when my food came and not only smelled, but tasted like cigarette smoke. On further inspection it appeared that all of the fried foods had ash or something on tem. I assumed that some genius tossed a cigarette in the fryer. 
The WORST McDonalds around. McDonalds is obviously nothing to write home about, but this one in particular takes the cake. 
If you want fast food. I would reccomend any other place other than this oneHad the worst experience with McDonald over the past 24 years. The staff there are soooo rude and they yielded at us just because we need some sauce. I don't know what to say about the service. I was hurt. Please prepare a strong heart if you want to be a customer here.Most of the employees at this McDonald's are very rude and the service is slow.  The restaurant could also be much cleaner.  The food is average quality compared to other McDonald's.  Even the drinks taste awful.  I've been there about five times and each time I've regretted going there.  The employees also act like you're wasting their time by being there as well as acting like they don't want to serve you.Most ridiculously rude employees ever!  I.e., 'I'd like a shamrock shake, please'....'We don't got no shakes!'  "No shamrock shakes?'  'NO SHAKES!!'  What?
Or, 'I'd like a .....'   'We don't have that'  'I got that here two days ago.'  'NOT AT THIS LOCATION YOU DAMN WELL DIDN"T'  I mean, really?  Yes, I did...but even if I didn't, that's not a very good attitude.
This is seriously the worst McDonald's to which I've even been....sad, just sad.
And, as another reviewer said, check in your bag before you leave!  It appears they put random things in there, not necessarily what you ordered!!Stay away today. Drive thru was super slow service - no fast food here. Both our drinks tasted awful - something must be wrong with their machine and they don't know it. Threw the sodas away and bought drinks at a gas station down the streetDo not even expect you can get your food. I am now in the store and have waited my food for 40 minutes. I saw two ppl asked a refund for their order and I am about to be same.This is the worst macdonald everrr, just bad customer service. Im Not returning to this location again.if i was to give them a negative i wouldGreat Customer service, foods made quick and efficiently. This is a great location for them. Keep up the good workWhat has happened to this McDonald's?  The place is looking like a dump these days, and the employees flat out don't care!!  Today I ordered chicken mcnuggets with hot mustard and a sweet tea with lemon. I got nuggets with BUFFALO SAUCE, and an unsweetened tea with NO ICE. It was about 100 degrees, and they really served me a drink with no ice.  Where is the manager, and why isn't anyone checking for quality customer service any more?I was in the mood for a Filet-O-McSquid. No McSquid to be found here and no ODB either.I wish there was a zero star option. I am avid McDonald's goer and honestly have never had an issue until tonight. I'm the only one in line since it's a late night. I order a couple small late night snacks and the order is taking FOREVER to fill. There's two workers inside so the length at which I was made to wait was beyond me. Anyway it gets worse. So I get a couple things and I think to myself "okay, you should be fine, they probably have everything right there." I thought. I said "thank you" to the worker and they responded with "nah you have to wait for your ******* sandwich." Pause. I get it's late but come on all I said was "thank you". I'm annoyed and my boy is also fed up. So I finally get my sandwich and I go to drive away. I open up the bag to pull out my sandwich and low and behold ITS NOT WRAPPED. DAWG. There's lettuce everywhere. I waited 10 minutes for lettuce and chicken to be everywhere in my car. I'm sick to my stomach manWaited 20 mins for my food and when it came out it was wrong. Will never come here again.Horrible. I sat in the drive through for five minutes, I can hear the person taking the order talking to a coworker through the speaker. I loudly say hello? Multiple times, no response. Pull up to the first window. There's cardboard over it. Pull up to the second window. Takes them 10 minutes and multiple honks of the horn to get anyone to come to the window. Finally placed an order, but they didn't have any fries ready so I waited. Finally got my food, no ice in a warm soda. This place needs to be overhauled or shut down.Managers understand mistakes but medium wage employees need to learn customer service .ill give her a hint"you ain't gettin no fries".at that point my handicapped son in the back seat heard this and began crying.this drive thru employee needs to be fired.Hit or miss . Always look in your bag before you get home or you will be surprised. They can be very rude and unprofessional. Whenever O pull up it looks like a club everyone is having way too much fun and not in a professional way. Their are some good workers but as they say one bad apple spoils the bunch.Took too long for a basic order. Employees talking loud with phones out. No order established. It was not busy a all. No sign of care from the manager on duty on Wednesday's @ 6pmIf they're taking a while to ring you up, it's because they're swiping your credit card info. Beware!Horrible service, drive thru is never fast service. Around 10pm you can wait in line forever waiting to get served. They leave the window and just stop working.This location is a prime example of why the employees don't need to earn $15/hr. Absolute imbeciles!!!This is the worst McDonald's I've been to in my entire life!!!! After my friends and I have been waiting 15 minutes for our food to come out we finally approach the register and question the staff on what is taking so long. About another 5 minutes go by until we finally receive our food. We are finally in our seats for about 2 minutes until a worker comes up to us and tells us we have to leave because they were closing. Almost like some sort of sick joke! Knowing they were going to kick us out ( it was 11pm) they did not put our food in to go bags so we had to get bags to wraps everything up. While we are waiting for our to go bags two of the workers begin to fight with each other! The one finally said to the other, " if you are going to sit here and do nothing, leave!" And the girl quit and walked out!!!! Such a bizarre night it almost felt like we were on some type of " what would you do" show. It was the worst customer service I have ever experienced in my life. This innocent happening reminded me on why I never eat or go to McDonald's. Do not come here unless you want to wait 20 mins for a small French fry or laugh at how poorly established the restaurant is run.Like watching a train wreck in sloooooow mooootion. This place could not be any more disorganized.This is a horrible ghetto food establishment..drive by the drive thru..the worker was talking thru headsets to the co-workers in the store.heard their whole conversation..fish sandwiches must have been setting there all day.
Horrible !!!Yikes actually 40 min drive thru with 4 cars, legit slowest drive thru I've ever seen and slowest take out all in one day in the lowest rush hours.Worse McDonald's I've ever been to.  Ordered 3 iced caramel macchiato. They were all bad. Called and asked for our refund. They hung up on us in the middle of a conversation.It's a McDonald's. What do you expect?
These guys are friendly though, so it's worth the trip out or stumble acrosshad to wait in the drive through for more than a half a hour (45 minutes) service was bad, could've been way better food wad lukewarm/cold would not recommend.The wait was waaaaaaay too long! No one came to the window to service me and my family.HORRIBLE. And this is from the past 5 years. I don't even know how they are still a franchise. Tonight i got a fish sandwich on a hard ass bun,fries were to salty and soda was all ice. Atleast is a step ip from previous time when the would say...."our system is down". 
Why didn't i take my food back? Because.This is the worst McDonald's I have ever been to!! I ordered a coffee and they asked me to pull over so they could bring it out. I sat and waited for about 25 mins and notice nobody was coming out with my coffee. I finally go inside and the cashier said that she thought someone sent my coffee out to me cause they never saw me out front......really???? The cashier made me my coffee but I asked for a meal ticket for lunch since I waited so long for my coffee and had to come inside to get it. When I explain to the manager what happened and if I could get a meal ticket for waiting so long she told me it wasn't lunch yet and was very rude with a nasty attitude. The manager told me I need to come back during lunch as if I was a bum begging for food. All I wanted was to get some kind of free meal ticket for waiting so long for a coffee that they forgot to send to me. I don't need they food at all. I can buy my own food but it's just the principle of the situation. This is the second time this has happened to me at this same McDonald's. They will NEVER get my business again!!!!!! You don't treat people like that. The customer service at this McDonald's is TRASH!!!!!!!!!!!Never fails smh not one time has an order from Uber eats been delivered and it's been correctThis is the worse place on the planet, every time we go there they miss up our order. Today is the last time they will my car pull up there. I had a coupon for a McGriddle but one get one for 0.10. They wouldn't honor the coupon so I had to pay full price. My wife takes insulin then opens her meal and the egg and one griddle is missing, now she has to worry that she took to much meds. Today is the last time they will see my car pull up in their lot.This isn't the first time I pulled up to the drive through (after waiting in a long line) and nobody talked on the speaker. I waited almost half hour last night and then could not even order my food. I left, came back, and the same thing happened. People were blaring their horns and everything. Get your sh*t together. Then you hear these establishments want $15/hr !!LMFAO. If reheating frozen food and dropping things in a fryer is too complex for you maybe find a new job.This is one of the slowest McDonald's I've ever been to. Not busy. Tons of staff standing around. Three people yelling about a Big Mac without cheese which someone made with cheese. Could use more people actually working.if i could rate this mcdonald's lower than 1 star, i would. this mcdonald's was the grossest place i've ever been to. not to mention, the employees were rude and fisty. so it was a nice sunday afternoon and my uncle was picking up some food for the family. when he got home, my grandpa took a bite into his burger and you best believe there was a whole ass wood chip in there. the size was 3/4 of a patty. i am very surprised he didn't chip a tooth lol!! so my mom drove herself back to mcdonald's to complain for my grandpa and they first went to the back to talk about her, they then got 4 employees to come out at yell at her and accuse her of lying. i promise you, the employees were one of the rudest group of employees i've ever met. first of all, WHO HAS THE TIME AND ENERGY TO WASTE GAS TO GO AND MAKE UP A LIE TO GET $5 BACK. anyway, long story short, don't go to this mcdonald's unless you're looking to get sick or choke on something :) have a good day!!!They make their fries fresh everytime and I applaud them for that but COME ON! Why is it ALWAYS so slow?! And why do the people working there seem to just not give one shit about their jobs. It's very disheartening.This place is THE WORST.The BS attitude they gave my aunt was immature as hell. I don't know what's wrong with these people. They accused my aunt for lying about finding a wood chip in my grandpas hamburger. WHO HAS THE TIME AND ENERGY TO WASTE GAS TO GO LIE ABOUT SOMETHING TO GET $5 BACK. Like come on, these people need a common sense class or something.I live around the corner and have tried this place more times than I'd like to admit just due to proximity. I can't anymore. Not only will they 100% of the time not get your order right, but they got 2 24 hour drive thru signs, a lady sitting at the drive thru window not doing anything, yet I sit at the drive thru order spot for twenty minutes saying "hello" and they act like they can't hear. The service her just plain sucks and they can't
Get my money anymore.Horrible. Service is EXTREMELY slow. Employees are rude, and totally incompetent. That must be a prerequisite for getting a job here. I've never been there that the order was filled correctly. The ice cream machine is off line more than on, and for two weeks they haven't been able to take credit cards, only cash.   Do yourself a favor...STAY AWAY.Fix your customer service ! Got a guy At the window who thinks he doesn't have to speak to anybody. That is not hospitality. #manners #expectationsHands down the worst McDonalds I have ever been to. From closing 30 min early to randomly closing for 30 minutes in the middle of a lunch rush, this McDonalds is sure to waste your time. I have never seen a place on Yelp more deserving of a 1-Star rating. Avoid this location if possible.When it comes to services! This is one of the worse places I've ever been. From the management to the employees. They all need to retain and work on their attitude. 
From the minute you walk into the place you feel that vibe of their negativity, rudeness way they look at you. It feel like you're inconvenient their working clock time.. 
WORSE STORE EVER! 
NASTY ATTITUDE 
RUDENESS AND DISRESPECTFUL TO OLDER FELLOWS.
THEY SHOULD BLESSED THEY HAVE A JOB. 
UNAPPRECIATED RUDE PEOPLE.Slowest "Fast food" I have ever experienced anywhere! I mean you really have to work to be this slow. 45 min and counting to get our food. Go anywhere else, not worth it.Honestly this is LITERALLY THEE WORST MCDONALDS IN HISTORY OF WORST MCDONALDS! At this point why is it open? WHY? I don't even know why I play myself when I go here. There is ALWAYS A PROBLEM like it ALWAYS! I live around the corner so when I say I know OH I KNOW! First off they're always closed. It's literally been a long time coming with this review. I live about 4 blocks away so when I say they need to SHUT IT DOWN LITERALLY SHUT IT DOWN! THE STAFF IS ALWAYS RUDE, SOMEBODY ALWAYS HAS AN ATTITUDE! What broke me today and brought me here after yearsssss, here are how my last THREE VISITS went 
1.) I pull up the manager is yelling stop we closed, I'm looking at her like she's joking I'm like huh what do you mean why are y'all closed? She goes "I have no staff, nobody showed up" Like I understand you can't work yourself but always coming to McDonald's between 9-10 and they're always closed is it because staff isn't showing up? 
2.) I pull up start ordering, the workers are literally laughing playing around where I had to repeat my order 4 TIMES! Like pay attention I understand they might be young but you have a job to do, might I add one you're getting paid for so do it! Management seemed to not care, my order was wronG AND COLD! Fries were so bad like they hadn't changed the oil bad after taste. 
3.) TONIGHT! Now I pulled up to order a snack Oreo McFlurry so this literally just happened and her name was Asia - I go to order we are out of Oreos (okay that's fine, I'll just add my own Oreos) can I just get the ice cream in a cup? She goes no I'm like huh well can I get a snack size m&m mcflurry with the m&ms on the side (which I have done multiple times by using the "ask me" tab WHICH BY THE WAY IS FUCKING ALLOWED ITS FUCKING MCDONALDS! she kept telling me she couldn't do it , her manager refused at this point I'm so frustrated I leave because WHY IS THERE ALWAYS A PROBLEM?????? WHY DOES EVERYTHING HAVE TO BE A PROBLEM HERE!! 
Literally throw the whole staff away, and get new management, and maybe a new owner because this shit is horrible! Might I add I've lived in the neighborhood 20+ years and it's been horrible consistently the last 5 years SHUT IT DOWN!Always missing items with every order. Bad attitude when confronted with their mistakes. The fries are usually stale. Avoid it if you can.I would give this zero stars if possible. The employees have invented every excuse possible to not accept any orders every time I arrive, no matter what time of the day/night. For months. I've complained to corporate but the issue has never improved. It is ridiculous. There basically is no McDonald's at this location.Umm i waiting ina drive thru for about 25mins i paid for a hot chocolate then i gets to the window they say the machine down ! instead of saying that before i paid then my boyfriend says sprite with no ice they gives him
sprite with ice then we asked for our money back for the hot chocolate because they told us they had no cookies to replace it so then when we asked for our money back they say wait two mins for cookies we had to pull over wait about 5mins finally gets my cookies then our fries are all over the bag just fucking terribleUpdate -
After 9 months of avoiding this Mcdonalds despite driving past it daily I decided to give it another try. Ordered breakfast on the mobile app, got there at 6:30 am (breakfast starts @4:30am), pulled up to the drive through monitor and ended up waiting....
after waiting 5 minutes and repeatedly asking if anyone was there, an employee answers rudely "the store is closed". 
AT 6:30 ON A MONDAY??? FOR A 24/7 MCDONALDS??? 
I could clearly see at least two employees through the drive through window. The employee refused to give me an explanation and said they couldn't process my mobile order since they were closed - in the most rude and infuriating encounter to date. 
I stand by my previous review - Please do not let this location's shining golden arches tempt you - you will only find disappointment, frustration, and lost faith in this entire establishment.  
My Mcdonalds cravings will forever be tainted by this dumpster fire of a fast food restaurant.honestly this is probably the worst mcdonald's i've been to, awful service, never fail to mess up orders and forget orders. Would not recommend.I used to smirk when I would see 1 star ratings for McDonald's because...c'mon, it's McDonald's, what do you expect? But yes, this place is on a whole other level of bad! Tried to order from the drive thru at around 2 in the morning after a night out. There was clearly a McDonald's employee inside working, but she refused to answer after I repeatedly called out "hello" in the speaker, trying to place my order. After a while, multiple cars started piling up in the drive thru as we sat there confused on why this 24 hour McDonald's wasn't providing drive thru service. We drove around a couple times, calling out "hello" into the speaker for placing orders in case the worker hadn't heard us the first time. Eventually, an Uber drive who was in line for the drive thru banged on the order pick-up window until the worker opened the window. The Uber driver was there to pick up her orders and this worker did not care! Instead, she proceeded to yell really aggressively about how they were closed because they were switching from dinner to breakfast (at 2 in the morning? Yeah, ok). I tried to ask her why they're closed when it's a 24 hour McDonald's only to get more aggressive yelling as a response. Aborted mission and went home. Whoever ordered Uber Eats from McDonald's that night definitely didn't get their food. Super rude service.This McDonalds is one of the most incompetent fast food drive thru I have ever experienced. I have had multiple orders (mobile/drive thru/ in person) missing items or having wrong items. 
it is also one of the SLOWEST McDonalds I have ever experienced. I have spent 20 minutes in the drive thru REGULARLY. Just sitting waiting for them to get my order wrong.  then when i get my wrong order the food is the poorest quality fast food 
Why do i keep going back? answer : it is in a very convenient location right off City Ave. HOWEVER, at this point i have had so many infuriating experiences at this mcdonalds that I now travel 15 minutes out of my way to stop by a different mcdonalds to get my food without the annoyance. 
Recommend to everyone to not waste their time waiting to get food from this location until management is changed to be more efficient.This is a perfect example as to why these workers do not deserve $15 hourly rate.  Corporate needs to shut this location down!  Horribly ran store!They claim to be open 24/7 but denied my friend and i in the drive through. Claimed they were getting ready for breakfast. Very rude.Went in for some fries & the manager came over to help me order on the kiosk so I wouldn't have to wait for the person to finish in front of me. She was very nice, stayed with me & showed me how to use it. It was a cool experience. The employees seemed to all get along & everyone was working together. Oh yeah... the fries were on point!!!I want to start by saying I've NEVER taken the time to write a negative review before. But after being turned away by the drive thru for the 3 billionth time, I feel it's necessary. I typically hit the drive thru anywhere from 5-6:30 am. Time and time again I am told the system is updating and it will take 15-20 minutes, or today at 5:45 I was told they were transitioning and weren't quite ready yet. But the best is when they don't reply at all. I once actually (and foolishly) came back a 1/2 hour later once only to be told the system was updating. So it's pretty clear the people inside just have no interest in working. Wonder how interested the owner would be to know how much money he's given away to the Wawa on Rock Hill Rd. thanks to his employees ineptness. Because I've literally seen lines of cars turned away.I was absolutely blown away by the customer service here. The manager was very kind and accommodating when she realized my food hadn't been delivered yet after a short wait. Very happy I chose this location.This McDonald's and the other one nearby on City Ave are now regularly closing to people and only serving DoorDash and UberEats. Don't waste your time driving here just to be told that they won't serve you. You can read more about their new deal in this article: https://restaurantbusinessonline.com/financing/mcdonalds-announces-new-deals-doordash-uber-eatsPure incompetence. There's a reason McDonald's is failing. It's establishments like this. No focus on customer. No focus on "fast" part of food. No focus on quality. Shut it down until management can get their act together. Never again will I visit this location.Can I rate at a zero star?    Never got service to rate.   20 minute wait at the drive thru. It's 6 am on Sunday. I'm the only car in line. And you say hold on for a minute.  Turned into 20.  I wish I would've went to the Starbucks.This is not the worst McDonald's in Philly but it's up there on the list... waited 35 min in the drive thru for 10 nuggets and a sweet tea. Total waste of my day. I would have gone inside but it was too late and I already ordered. It's also 2:20 in the afternoon with 4 cars in the line. Is there a party happening inside and no one cares I don't know why I tried this place again.  For the second time, I was refused service.   This really is the worst McDonalds.   Not worth the stop.this mcdonalds is literally horrible. for the past 2 weeks they have been "accepting cash only" but they have a sign that says come inside to use your debit card. when trying to go inside, the workers refused to unlock the door and were extremely rude through the window saying go through the drive through. clearly we tried that but we had debit and not cash. how are the machines working inside but not out? horrible mcdonalds horrible service:  don't waste your time