This place has a great staff, plentiful TV's for watching whatever game you'd like and loads of beers to choose from. If you're looking for a laid back place to watch a game, this is a great option. Plenty of tables in this not-small-but-not-large bar. Not to mention it's the oldest running bar in Philly? Can't go wrong, as a beer lover. They've got a full bar as well, but that's not what brings in the crowd.Great piece of history.  Cool building on a narrow street.  Inside, tons of local memorabilia to interest the eyes, befitting Philadelphia's oldest continuously serving bar.  Super lunch, cheap and filling.  Sweetheart of a server, awesome service.  Nice touch:  self-serve complimentary soups with lunch.  Fill a crock and sit in front of a roaring real fireplace (not fake, as another Yelper suggested).  I'll have to venture back for that outdoor fall festival and dare I say: St. Patrick's Day.  A good time.I went here before and after a scavenger hunt. We were starving afterwards and decided to get chicken tenders, which were pretty much your average heated-up-from-frozen fare. Good enough for what we wanted at that moment, but just based on that, I probably wouldn't rush back. Also, I'm not a huge fan of it being in an alley with dumpsters and stuff. But apparently the beer list is good, so maybe that's a reason to try it again.Enjoyong a great night with friends. Bar food thats tasty and affordable. Drinks are strong and cheap.My favorite bar in Philadelphia, with great Karaoke nights. I am not sure what it is that draws me to McGillins... but it can be really crowded and noisy, boisterous, and I always have a lot of fun! It's so alive, great atmosphere... and they have pretty cheap food beers.
It's definitely not the place for a quiet get together, but it's a nice place to hang out with friends if you're not looking for quiet! I think it's also the best place to be in Philly on St. Paddy's Day! You get people of all ages too, though age takes a back seat here. My friend had this 2 hour long conversation with a guy 3x his age (in spite of the noise level) and left smiling.This is my favorite pub in the city. I enjoy to sit in front of the fire and get nice and cozy with a pitcher of beer. Stop in around November and December to enjoy Christmas lights or hockey season to watch the flyers games on a huge tv. There are excellent wings specials on designated nights!Stopped in for an early lunch. Was surprised at the crowd size but service was still pretty good. Food tasted home made.4* for the building, the service and the local beers. The food is pretty good but small portions and just basic bar fare. The true champion is the building itself. It's an amazing place located in basically an alley. They have seemed to keep or restore the doors and windows to original period. The actual working fire place was great for my mom who wanted to shake off a chilly walk from the flower show. The staff is super friendly and well versed in both the menu and beer list. My girlfriend said the Shepards pie was a little watery. Both of our mothers really liked the French onion soup. I had the house roast beef sandwich. It was tasty but light on meat and only received a half cup of au jus. We heard it was haunted but I guess not at 2pm on a Sunday with a full house.I read the reviews, was a little reluctant to come to a frat house type bar, but came anyway. Maybe because it's a Sinday evening, but I would just call it typical pub: loud, young and older, couples/groups/singles.  Bottom line is decent food (I had chicken nachos), great selection of microbrews (the McGillin's ale is fabulous), walking distance from my hotel, and who can resist the oldest tavern in Philly?  On most trips I avoid eating at the same place twice, but I'll make an exception for McGollin'sWent here last night and the atmosphere was very intimidating. Bar was overcrowded and everyone seemed angry. Guys were pushing and shoving and it seemed like a fight could break out at any moment. Terrible crowd control.Good cheese steaks... Bad customer service.... Not very friendly.... Or attentive And our waitress had no idea about the woman in white...Really great bar, fun dive bar feel. We had an exceptional lunch here, far better than we expected based on the pub feel of the place. The sausage platter was especially excellent, but the burger was great as well! Plus the bartenders were great.Amazing atmosphere and energy! So fun! Great find.  Lotta friendly people and a great place to watch the game!This was worth the stop. It was fun to read the history of the place while we were there which talked about all of the signs inside (and out) are from businesses in the area that the bar has outlasted. Oldest continuously operating bar they claim. It was very busy but it wasn't too grubby or dirty (there was that many people) and we got beers pretty quickly but had to track down our waitress to pay.Place is super cheap, fun social gathering. I definitely recommend for a late night drink and bite to eat. The atmosphere is super chill but can also get really loud (which you would expect from a pub), would 100% recommendWe opened her up earlier. The house Irish ale was good. Friendly staff and a nice sized party room upstairs.Serving as the epicenter for Irish tomfoolery in Center City but tucked away on a filthy back alley, McGillin's is the right choice to satisfy the drinking needs of hobbits, hobos and normal people all alike.
This bar is large.  There is both a huge and open downstairs bar room when you first walk in, and an equally large upstairs with lots of tables that serve as great spots to gather some friends and grab a couple of pitchers of beer.  The food here is pretty standard bar fare: it's cheap and satisfying.
WHAT ROCKS:  Ample beer selections to include micro brews, and for a great price too.  But most importantly, the nachos, oh Lord have mercy those nachos!  They stack em' up a mile high and melt real colby-jack cheese all over them so perfectly you'd think they were constructed by a 16th century Italian sculptor.  I know, it's a hard pill to swallow that an Irish bar has such good nachos, but try them for yourself and I'm sure you'll agree with me that these nachos are a splendid food paring for beer you'll drink here.
WHAT SUCKS:  Super crowded and busy all the time.  Don't even think of coming anywhere near McGillin's around St. Patrick's Day unless you want to wait out in the cold for an hour just to get in, not get a beer served to you in a timely manner and all the while getting accidentally groped by a hobo due to the boat loads of people trapped inside.Best Irish bar in the city that I've been too, and there's a lot of good ones.  Great for St. Patty's Day, NCAA bball, food is good, staff seem cool.Awesome food.The Mac cheese and shephard pie were very good. The crab cake was tasty but  different, as I am from MD and used to less breading. The atmosphere was great if you are in the mood for a loud bar full of energy and the place was packed by 530.  Highly recommend the beer sampler if you are a fan of all types of tasty beers. I was shocked at how low our bill was and I will most definitely be back for more. Great service.Come here for the old timey saloon atmosphere, plentiful portions of home style food prepared with fresh ingridients, and the wide variety of booze and beer.  This is one happy place.  People come here to chill with friends,colleagues, and dates.  My buddy and I met here for lunch and were not disappointed.  This is not fine dining, yet you will enjoy your food and the vibe that will want you to return.  The service is fast and reliable but not fussy.  We had the Mile High Meat Loaf that was freshly prepared, moist, and tasty.  It was more like a dinner portion than one would order for lunch.  We ate it all!  We also had the mussels in white sauce that were plump and delicious. The friendly, caring staff make this a place that you will want to return to.It's lit...I'm from Boston and love a nice Irish pub. This place has an awesome vibe and an alley entrance which is just...incredible.The ambiance was great... SUPER LOUD at night (we were there at 11pm on a Thursday and it was PACKED and LOUD) but if you want that kind of vibe, check the place out. 
Lots of beer choices, awesome decor (like, really awesome) and friendly service. 
The food, however, was disappointing. The wings were dry and unmemorable, steak sandwich was tiny. The nachos were impressive at first sight, but seemed to be lacking in flavor. 
I still recommend checking it out if you're in the mood for some beers with friends. Just don't count on it for an amazing dinner.Cool building down an alley.  We went on a friday night after dinner downtown for a few drinks around 10pm, it was very busy and packed on the 1st and 2nd floor.  We got drinks on the first floor then went upstairs, we got a table to sit and relax at but it was too loud to hear each other.  The whole place is very load and primarily a 30 and under crowd.Exellent value for the area, and the service is above average. A good pick!When I say crabcakes what do you imagine?  I'm not looking for your description of the cake and its make-up, I'm looking for a number.  Am I the only one who sees the 's' on cakes, because apparently McGillin's doesn't seem to think that means plural.  Yes, their crabcakes platter is merely a single crabcake!  I keep looking at my receipt and note the 's'...
Beyond that rant, the food here is average and the service is hit or miss. If it wasn't a decent place to drink (with good pitcher specials), it would be a one-star review...A historic bar tucked away in center city, McGillins is solid.  It has a good beer selections and  nice deals for pitchers.  It also has fantastic wings (I can't speak to the other menu items that much).  Its always full of people, sometimes a little too full depending upon what you are looking for.  I'd prefer it for a Happy Hour or special events like Midtown Festival than for a Friday or Saturday night. I have yet to experience karaoke night, but my friends have told me it can be epic.I came here last night with a buddy and had an awesome time here. There were lots of people here for post sips and everyone was so nice. The vibe was fantastic from all of the karaoke performances. Everyone sings along and has a merry ole time. They have lots of great craft beer on tap and the bartenders couldn't be nicer. I will be back!!VERY LOUD! Food (double decker sandwich) was fair to good, fries were warm (not hot). I wouldn't go back. Really way too loud.A cool spot that's full of history and good beer. Sucks when it gets crowded, but that's your typical weekend night anywhere.I returned here with a group of friends.  We were trying to eat at the German place across the street, but it was packed and we were able to get a table here with no waiting.
This experience was much more pleasant than my prior visit.  The food was good (I had a cheesesteak quesadilla) and more importantly, the service was lovely.
The young lady who served us was delightful and she made me come back and up my ranking.  I now heartily endorse this place.Let me wear a hat. And the old dominion (cherry blossom lager) was amazing!!! Oldest tavern was pretty cool experience!!! I'd advise coming here during the night life for sure.I've probably waited too long to write this review nevertheless...I attended McGillin's on a Sunday night in February. I was taking a girl out for the second time with a group of her friends and I had another gentleman with me. The bar itself was very fun, vibrant, great beers, fun people etc. We sang Karaoke and had a stellar time.
The bill came it was 29.00 and some change so I offered to pay the tab. I handed the money to a waitress with long dark hair. I gave her 40.00 and handed her the small tab itself. I waited, I waited , I waited never got my change back. (I didn't want to make a big deal about an extra few dollars on a second time meeting a girl out.) So I let it go. No big deal. My friend and I were going to leave earlier than the girls so we kindly said our goodbyes forgot about the change... NO BIG DEAL?
About fifteen minutes later the girls call me from the bar asking me who I paid? I clearly specified the waitress I paid. The waitress comes on the phone, tells me she never received a payment...Then I get the night-shift manager on the phone she also advises me "My waitress is one of our best, she'd remember an 11.00 tip on a 29.00 order" etc Funny I spoke to the day manager, much more professional advised me the waitress was only working for two weeks.... I paid cash, horrendous mistake on my behalf. So with three girls thinking I left them with the tab, they REPAID the tab out of sheer humiliation (Not to consider the humiliation this place put me through to this point now anyway).
I knew I was right, I insisted to speak with the owner who refused to show me the camera (which was the giveaway) showing the transaction where I gave the waitress the money.. He neglected to show me the footage. He advised me he'd personally refund the girls their money and he gave me $11.00 back (my tip)... Mind you the loop I had to go through just to get that. Clearly the film would've showed me handing the money to the waitress, that is unless the cameras are as old as the bar is, which may be possible.
The night shift management expressed poor customer service skills. Foremost , the customer is always right, even when they are wrong and in this case I knew I was right. The waitress who was working at night who double charged the girls and myself honestly deserved to be barbecued over this, sorry Courtney or whatever your name is.
The owner could've handled it better. He WAS kind but far from genuine. I really really had a nice time at McGillin's but I'll never return to this establishment due to pathetic customer service and poor management.McGillin's was the first stop on our "Philly on Tap" tour this past weekend and I'm glad our guide took us there. I wish I knew about this place sooner, mainly because I'm a history guy and I would have loved to check it out years ago. It's been updated over the years, but there's no getting away  from the fact that this bar really has been around since 1860 based on the structure of the building. My girlfriend and I liked the tour visit so much that we came back for dinner later on. Different atmosphere then. Went from college football and casual drinking in the afternoon to a dance party at night but that's to be expected on a weekend. My only gripe is that they open up some space for a dance floor. It's not too much fun to have people dancing in between tables while you're trying to eat or talk amongst friends. Other than that, the food was delicious and the selection of local beers is top notch. I recommend some pitchers of Yards' Philadelphia Pale Ale or the Flying Fish Farmhouse Ale to get a taste of what the area has to offer.First night in this city and we're hauled to this institution for cold brews and good grub.  This pub shows its history and warmth, even with a fireplace against a brick wall.  Def a tavern feel that is lacking in my hometown: bars that refer to themselves as a pub or tavern.
The service was attentive, without hovering, by a gal who may have been family or an owner.  We ordered a draft beer, a bottled beer and the beer sampler.  The sampler has 6-7 small glasses, so be prepared!  For food we had grilled Salmon with a fruit salsa with rice and veggies, Open face roast beef sandwich with gravy and mashed potato, chicken tenders and fries.  Everything came out great!  The Salmon and Roast Beef were stand outs.  Pure comfort food!!
Definitely love the vibe of the place, we got a few more beers and just soaked in the Philly ambiance.  Love the town already.A staple we visit year after year! We always have a great time, the drinks are yummy especially the Philly flyer which tastes like a creamsicle and the rim is dipped in black sugar!  Its typical bar food but good enough for the atmosphere. Our group loved the wifi juke box so we ruled most of the night. Small, intimate place to drink with friends!! Plus, its the oldest pub in Philly therefore a must see.Holy moly. Not a place id ever go to hang out Unfortunately. I've quick ran in to grab food to go. Foods always been good!! Bartenders are nice and easy to deal with when they're working with the mobs if people yelling at them. The bouncers out front are friendly and they've brought my food out to me before so I wouldn't have to push through the crowd.Great service & tasty food. I loved it. Friendly waitress & fast efficient service. The ambiance was cozy & inviting! The meatloaf was excellent & the portions are generous. We had the beer sampler & all the beers were tasty.McGillin's is one of my favorite bars in the city. Karaoke, beer specials, and late night food.. what more can you ask for?! The atmosphere of the establishment screams out FUN! If you want a good time in the city, start your night off at McGillan's. Hands down, my favorite place to show my friends a good time in Philadelphia!Decided to have a pint on an early Monday afternoon.  Beer was ok, just under $5.  Decent but not impressive selection of drafts.  Very strange smell from the alley outside.  
Loud for a early Monday...not a casual drinking establishment?
The best part was certainly the decorations and atmosphere of the pub...and that is certainly what brought it up from a 2 or 3 star.Attempted to go here the other night.  I stepped in the front door, serpentined around a few high tops, then found myself exiting.
At no time were my feet touching the floor.  I was crowd-swept having inadvertently visited during a Saturday bar crawl event.  
Seeing it was a madhouse, I postponed my adventure and will make another attempt in the near future - perhaps midday during a Wednesday lunch outing.
Three tentative stars due to too much bar action happening outside the establishment anin the adjacent alley.  Felt like amateur hour to me, but to be fair, I'll give them another go when things are under control.
*As promised, gave the joint another chance.  Glad I did.  A midweek lunch stopover was the better way to go.  
Ordered the Chicken Parmesan with a Sly Fox (the beer, not the lady a few barstools over) and it was terrific.  Friendly bartender.  An atmosphere steeped in cool nostalgia.  The place is a real part of Philadelphia history.  It's amazing and should be looked into more deeply.  Documentary fodder.  Really.
Thank you, McGillins, for waiting for me.  Don't ever go away.What a quant pub.  It was established in 1860.  I didn't think you could get a meal for under 10 bucks in a big city.  They have daily specials prices just right.   I had the shepherds pie.  It was really good. Plus it came with a salad!   Great bargain in the big city.  Atmosphere is very pubish and lively.   I would come back.My boyfriend and I found this place while looking for a decent brunch restaurant in the city and it did not disappoint! We both finished our meals, the food was great! The inside of this restaurant is so adorably decorated with an American theme, and the history of this alehouse was very interesting to me (I'm a history minor). Our servers were both kind and welcoming. I would recommend if you're in the area!I have been to this bar a few times when staying in downtown Philly. It has a nice comfortable vibe, a good selection of beers at reasonable prices. On the last visit we probably had at least 6 pitchers with a tab around $80 before tip. Wandered in on quiz night and karaoke and had a good time even though we weren't local. Now if I just would have been smart enough to not sing Jump Around by House of Pain.went here for st pattys day.. and even though the place was packed, the service was quick and friendly; that is a hard feat to attain which is why I will be back. Also the drinks are priced well. I'm in.. but only on certain occasions .This is my favorite place to go to. The drinks are a good price and they have specials every night. Karaoke is always super fun. The crowd on Friday an Saturday nights suck but that's why I prefer to go during the week or Sunday night.Great fun. Chicken wings were delicious get the old bay seasoned ones for something new.Cheap, no-frills classic Irish pub. Great Christmas decorations too. Can't comment on the food. Only ever been here for the beer."Everyone get in here" (that was Vinny P summonsing us into a yelp circle 
"its only MONDAY" he screams as we yell in agreement probably being hated by everyone else in the bar. 
The dance party of the year happened at McGillins with Journey( you already know the one) and continued well into the night. We did a few rounds of Pumpkin Ale which was quite drinkable.
Im not sure if people were sneering at us in dislike or really wanted to join in  since we were having so much fun.
It was a varied crowd and id def come back here for a monday dance off.If you want to go to one of the lowest quality pubs in center philly this is the place to go.I don't know about the history debates, but I like this place nevertheless. It should be an easy 4 star for me, but wifey had to order some food. lots of tables upstairs and downstairs and a pretty decent environment overall. 
They have lots of beers on tap. I had their IPA, which didn't really impress me much. It was just okay, kinda light, but still decent hops. I like mine a little heavier than that. They had a really good variety and selection of local and regional micros, which was nice. They were all about $4.25 for a pint and $10-12 for a pitcher. We got six 6oz samplers for $8.25 which was a pretty good deal. We tried their house lager, which was a decent lager, not really my thing. I can't remember all of the names that were in there, but they were all pretty good. They let you pick a seasonal too. 
The music was really loud, so it was kinda hard to hear, but it is a bar. The music selection, however, was controlled by the patrons and was mostly horrible. Stupid people putting on Vanilla Ice and Hanson. It's only funny for about five seconds and then we actually have to listen to the rest of the song. They put this stuff on because they actually enjoy it, but act like they're making fun of it. Thanks for ruining it for the rest of us jackoffs. Some of the music selected was alright and if I had more money with me, I would have just dominated the jukebox with all of my selections, but I didn't want to insult the crowd as an outsider. 
Wifey got hungry and ordered the nachos ($3). I tried to warn her in every way, "We're not in Cali anymore", but she wouldn't listen. The one thing she told the waitress was that she wanted Jalapenos. Well, 30 minutes later, we get a pile of chips. Literally about have a bag, and not the tostitos kind, the even cheaper corn chip generic version. There was barely any cheese and no Jalapenos to be seen. waitress said she would get some Jalapenos for us since they weren't there and never came back with them. We ate some chips that actually had a little cheese on them and eventually found 3-4 Jalapeno slices buried in the center of the chip mountain, but it was not making up for it. 
10-15 mins later we told our waitress we just wanted the check and she said, "Oh, so you don't want your Jalapenos? They're almost ready." What? These are pickled Jalapenos that are sliced, what do you mean they are almost ready? it takes 15 minutes to slice a freakin pepper? We got our bill and she had charged us .50 for extra jalapenos when we didn't get any in the first place. She took it off, but it took forever for us to actually get the bill and get out of there. 
Good beer, good drinkers, good prices, horrible music. horrible food, horrible service. it all averages out. They have some daily specials, but it is mostly just $6.50 pitchers of PBR and Bud light. I don't drink that garbage, so it's not very special for me.I was here (again) recently... and I can never get enough of the dark wooden ambiance, overly-done Christmas decorations, awesome wait-staff, and cramped seats that make you feel like you're in Munich. There are plenty of beers on draft, including their own special brews.  
While in the mood for a light bite, my friend and I each got a bowl of chili and split the veggie/hummus platter. The chili was spiced just right and the veggie platter was quite large! It was a perfect little dinner that didn't make us feel like we just ate typical greasy "pub food". 
The biggest winner in my book: McGillin's is literally trying to become the "greenest" bar in Philadelphia - and not in a St. Patty's Day way! They're trying to turn a small parking lot in the alley into a central trash collection, recycling and composting area for the whole neighborhood, calling it Drury Street Green. They've also initiated new kitchen programs to reduce landfill waste by 90%! This is definitely dig-able. 
Tourists - don't miss this. McGillin's is a unique Philly landmark that's definitely worth a visit!Went to this place by just yelping it while in PA for the night with my husband. What a fun bar. It was karaoke night and everyone was taking part and singing along. The menu was vast and the food was very good for bar food. The drinks kept coming and were delicious too. The staff were very friendly and attentive. The atmosphere was fun and a great night out was had we didn't even go to any other bar. We even went back for lunch the next day.Kool older place.  People are nice, great for drinks!  Not a food place.Fun nightlife scene. Get crowded and a bit gritty for out-of-towners, but it's Philly's oldest bar, est. 1860, and it's a fun night out with friends in Center City. Great specials include 2.50 Yuenglings during Eagles games, and 1$ Bud Light Refills. Breakfast menu is decent, and all the bar-fare is very adequate. Great Bloody Mary, toogreat lunch spot! extensive menu with generous poritions, the marjority of which are less than $10! nice service to boot.Who doesn't love a good beer deal? $9 pitchers, you just can't beat it. McGillin's has always been one of my favorite drinking spots in the city. I've mainly always stayed in the downstairs room, but last night my friends and I found a table upstairs and we sat their for quite awhile. We even had a server who was really pleasant and handled our orders plus many others as well and never missed a beat! Definitely recommend this bar if you're looking for somewhere low key to go too!I really enjoy the atmosphere here, very historic.  It is neat to think you are enjoying a beer where people did the same in 1860.  I found the food somewhat lacking.  The prices are great, but not the best burger in the world.  If you have room, try the Tex-Mex fries... they are awesome!!  Kudos to great beer at great prices!Love this place! 
Boyfriend and I were looking for a new place to try in the city, and came across McGillin's Olde Ale House on yelp. The reviews were positive and the decor looked interesting so we gave it a shot. So happy we did, this place was really neat. It's tucked off of the main roads right in the heart of the city, very easy to get to from the train which is house we came in to the city. The atmosphere is great, the music wasn't too loud, there was surprisingly a young crowd there. Everyone was very friendly, we had a great server. Food was excellent, I highly recommend the Cheese Steak. Also you can't beat a place that has all of those features AND cheap drinks! Tom Collins are $4. Pitchers of PBR for $6.50 and Lager pitchers $7. We went in on a Sunday evening around 6pm, not sure if it changes every day.Only have $10 to spend and want to have drinks and food? Head to Mcgillins! On Wednesdays $6 will buy you a pitcher of PBR and $1 will afford you two tacos leaving money left over for tips!
A fun place to go that ALWAYS has specials. I have been here when pitchers of Mad Elf were $12 each, they have a $35 cent wing special some nights.Food is reliably good, nothing fancy, everything reasonably priced. Last night there was a chicken, strawbeery gorgonzola salad that looked delicious. Some nights mugs of beer are only one dollar! 
Fun place, laid back, and easy on the wallet. My aunt claims there is a good lunch special.Obviously this is too personal, but I can't believe they have a super ultra big book with the songs you can choose and sing, and they don't have Soda Stereo.
For those who don't know it (gosh) it s an internationally well known and so awarded band from Argentina on the 80s and 90s. Some say bigger than INXS, Tear for Fears, etc. 
This band is absolutely the best rock that All America (without taking USA into account, of course) have had. And it is not just me who thinks this, but all countries of the continent.
So, it is so bad that they have ricky martin, enrique iglesias and shakira and not Soda Stereo.
Im from Argentina, so, maybe my opinion does not count to many of americans, but it will to other Latinoamerican countries.
Really poor list of spanish songs.My brother, Aunt and I ended up here after going to another place down the street that looked packed, to a different place that was more packed, and back to the first place where we stood for a while and waited for ANYONE to acknowledge us. No one did until I started up the stairs (that had NO sign saying to not go up) when we were snapped at by a waitress. Bye bye Irish pub down the street from McGillin's.
We walked into McGillin's  and were greeted warmly, told to seat ourselves, and within 1 minute a waitress took our drink orders. I got the beer sampler, thinking they would be about 3 oz. or so. When they turned out to be around 6 oz. I figured there was no way they'd all be gone, but everybody had a few samples and they all disappeared. I liked all of them, but I'm not a huge stout fan so that was my least favorite.
I had the "mile high meatloaf". They weren't kidding - it was huge! Two slices of meatloaf between a ton of mashed potatoes with sauce.  I doubt I ate even half (I did eat all the steamed veggies, which were very good). The waitress gave me a hard time saying "you barely made a dent". I assured her it was excellent, just WAY too much for one meal (would have been three meals if I had a way to take it and eat later).
The noise level is VERY high, so if you plan on having a lot of conversation you may be disapointed. Most of the crowd seemed to be in their 20s or 30s but it wasn't rowdy at all on a Wednesday (weekends are probably different).
I'm really glad we ended up here instead of the other places.We were visiting Philly and thought this was a must-go-to bar.  What we found was a historical landmark with potential, but so watered down, it felt like just another  bar with an identity crisis.  There were at 6 TVs on the ground floor and music so loud, it was nearly impossible to have a conversation without shouting.  The music was awful.  The crowd was mixed but not in a good way...who are you, McGillin's? 
The beer was fine but we left after one pitcher.  
How disappointing!One of the top all-around dive bars in the city is also one of the top sources for buffalo wings. Word. I used to order the "fifty-wing deal" for like $25; would last me all weekend. Supremely pleasurable wings.Great atmosphere with cool history! Super friendly staff and great reqs. Flight and beef steak sandwich were fabulous!If you're looking to fuel your next get together for a game or poker night look no further than McGillin's! What's not to like, the food is prepared very quickly, and packaged well (we got to go). Menu is what you'd expect from an ale house (i.e. nachos, wings, fries, mozorella sticks, etc.) For the wings, the best flavors were the thai and dry run, the buffalo was somewhat disappointing. 
It's a hard toss up on the nachos as well, being from Texas I love the traditional tortilla chip nachos, however the Irish nachos with the curly fries was a very nice touch. Our uber driver also gave us an interesting fact that this place has been open since the mid 1800s, so they must be doing something right!This is a great place to stop in any time.  There are always people in there at any time it's open, day or night.  The food is consistent (it's just bar food, but it's up to par for the place that's serving it), the prices are good, if not great, and it overall has a great atmosphere.  It's divey, but if you're into that, you'll enjoy everything about this place.
I'm always impressed that even with a large group you can find some place comfortable to be. The place is huge and has both and upstairs and downstairs bar.  The tables are picnic-style, so it's not unusual to be sitting at a table with another group.  I don't know if this still goes on, but at one point they had karaoke on Friday nights -- it was excellent with a great little stage and a lot of audience enthusiasm.  
Also, I have to say, no matter the time of night and the size of the crowd, the ladies' room is generally clean and maintained.  I know this may not be as huge a deal to some people (particularly depending on how "festive" your night has become), but I'm always expecting the worst and am usually pleasantly surprised here.
It's close enough to Market East (about a five-minute walk) that it's a good place to grab a beer if you have time to kill before your train.  I wouldn't be into going here alone (some bars are inviting for a solo drinker -- not so much McGillin's), but it's great under almost any other circumstance.I was in town one night and chose this place because of its historical significance and solid Yelp reviews but I must say the staff made it an underwhelming experience. I arrived shortly after 10pm on a Sunday night and there was a decent crowd for an off night. I casually mentioned to the bartender that I was visiting and wanted to to try each of the 4 local beers they were featuring. No reaction whatsoever. Now as a former bartender myself, it doesn't hurt your tip to chit chat a little with patrons on a slow night. Especially if they are drinking solo and from out of town... I was there an hour and a half and the only words out of her mouth were "Can I get you another?" About 10:30 I walked up to the bouncers (not sure why you need two on a Sunday night) and asked "Hey guys, do you know of any places around here with live music on Sundays?" Tweedle Dee responded "Nope." So I looked at Tweedle Dum and he also said "Nope." I looked back at Tweedle Dee and he added "I wouldn't know, I work here Sundays..." Thanks for nothing shitheads.
The layout of the bar isn't great for mingling. It's one long bar with several dividers and people mostly seated far away from the bar at tables. It was karaoke night so I decided to sing a song which was finally the trigger for the slightest of interactions. Afterwards, the manager complemented my singing and asked if I'd been there before. I told him I was from LA and in town just one night. I asked him if he knew of any live music and he told me Time, the bar right behind theirs has live music 7 nights a week. Again thanks for nothing douche bag bouncers. I promptly closed my tab, finished my beer, and made my way over to Time. Sadly by then it was already 11:45pm and the band stopped playing at midnight. Had the bartender and bouncers at McGillin's not been completely surly and worthless, I might have been able to salvage the evening with an hour or so of jazz. Oh well...
I might have tried the food as Yelpers say it's decent, but the staff did an effective job of discouraging that. The manager was friendly and welcoming but those traits certainly haven't trickled down to his staff. They really contributed to a very sour first impression of Philadelphia...I used to be a regular here when I worked in the neighborhood but it's been about a year since I last stopped in. I was totally impressed when the bouncer and one of the servers remembered me.
The bartenders were attentive and friendly and the stuffed chicken breast I ordered was delicious.
Even though it was busy and loud, I was able to get a seat at the bar immediately.This is the oldest bar in Philly, so you know you have to come here when you're in town! Pretty much historic! 
I came pretty late one night to grab some food and drinks. We ordered the Shepherd's Pie and the German sausage platter. I loved my shepherd's pie! Slow cooked sirloin with veggies topped with mashed potato and served with a side of garlic bread. YUM-MY! The sausage platter was also really good and came with knockwurst and bratwurst. I think it came with some potatoes and then garlic bread too.  
The atmosphere is great. It is a very chill place with dim lights. You can come here with a group of friends, grab a drink, and some dinner, and you're guaranteed a solid night. I also happened to come when there was karaoke so it got pretty loud at some points. But it was so so fun watching everyone sing their hearts out. The crowd is amazingly friendly. A must stop when you are in Philly!Yo, seriously,  you college kids need to get out more.
So there I was, enjoying some pumpkin ale, dancing and singing with my fellow Yelpers and naturally a group of youngsters are staring at us. So I go over to try and get one of them to join us in our shenanigans (it's an Irish place right? oh wait, they don't serve Guinness...uh ok weird
political/business thing?)
Wouldn't you know, not one but TWO chicks in the group whip out their  phones and start either taking pics or video and I'm like WOAH WOAH, NO PRESS....I mean really, what is so interesting about a tipsy person in a bar trying to get someone to get up and dance with a group of other dancing people? REALLY? Is this a celebrity non-dancer person I am talking to for 15 seconds? I told them all they were weirdos and went back to my group. It's a BAR, kids. I know y'all have crazier keg parties than a bunch of drunk 30-somethings singing along to Journey. LOL
Oh yes...the business....uh well, you know that pumpkin ale was really good! That place isn't nearly as fun without karaoke going on, but at least it was crowded for a Monday night, so we could be loud.Cheap Beer? McGillin's. Endless amount of frat boys? McGillin's. It's the right place for those who don't mind a loud atmosphere with a huge amount of pretentious assholes. I, myself, enjoy it. Wednesday is karaoke night, it's a mad house. Get there early because EVERYONE sings. 2 a buck tacos,  7$ PBR pitchers and $4.50 shots. Can you beat that? The beer tastes like it's been water down 5 times, it still does the deed. Weekends it's pretty much a hellhole, far too many people, you never find a place to sit and the service is blah. But who cares!! you still get what you pay for!. 
It's definitely not an everyday bar. But once in a while, when you don't feel like paying more than 9$ for a pitcher it's definitely the Go2 bar.   
FYI: It's the Oldest pub in Philly.Great food, great location, good drinks/pitchers (everything is inexpensive!) and Tuesday nights are wing nights.  I'm a huge fan of wing nights when pitchers of some select domectic draft are $5 and the wings run $.25 each.  There's a good crowd, then.  Just about everything I've eaten here is good, butmy favorite meal is the turkey burger.  They mix in some peppers, a few onions and flavoring which results in GREAT burger.  The atmosphere is laid-back, Irish pub, with a good amount of space upstairs as well for the overflow or larger parties sitting together.  Great place for lunch or after-work happy hour.Walking down a side alley in the middle of Center City and I really don't have any idea what to expect from this place.  What I find is that I have possibly found my new favorite bar in the city!
McGillin's is old, really old, like 150 years old.  However, sitting at the bar, the place isn't musty, there are tvs everywhere, and the bathrooms are updated-ish.  Best of both worlds!  We had 20 wings, crab fries, and 3 pitchers of PBR (Mmmmmm), total bill: $27!  What!  For a dollar more a pitcher you can get Bud Lite also.  I mean come on.  The fact that the wings were really good was just a bonus.  
Honestly, try this place out.Is there anything left to say about McGillin's Old Ale House that hasn't already been said or written?  ... prob not.  So I'll make this review short.
  McGillins is one of America's oldest pubs and Philadelphia's oldest continuously operating pub.  It's also one of the world's most crowded.  It's located on a cool hidden back alley called Drury.  At one time or another every young dude in Philly has been drunk in McGillins.  At one point or another every young girl in Philly has been drunk in McGillins.  Yes, at night the crowd might seem too young for some folks ... but hang in there (or go during the day!).  It's worth it even if you are of an age where you no longer need to produce an ID to drink.  There's good food ...great beers ... all the history beneath its timbered ceiling ... and remember - there's truly only one McGillin's Old Ale House in this entire world!Awesomely good comfort food. Will definitely be back for the great service, yummy food and beer selection.Best bar in the city! Cheap beer, good food, fun atmosphere and the red headed bartender is awesome. You never have to wait for a drink even on the most crowded nights and she's friendly and fun, too!Excellent meatloaf! Great service and atmosphere. Good beer at a great price.  A definite must when in Philly.  The standard for every pub!It's midnight and I'm still rocking on Pacific Standard Time, time for dinner...now...where to eat at midnight?
How about this pub we heard about? It's only 3 blocks away from our hotel. Sweet.
McGillin's Olde Ale House was poppin at midnight on a Saturday, bunch of friendly people from 21 to 40 drinking and singing your classic bar songs like Journey or Def Leppard. 
We ordered the beer sampler, mac and cheese and 10 pieces of chicken wings.
Beer Sampler was pretty awesome, 6 half pints of local beers, most were very delicious. 
Mac and cheese was nicely done as well, baked with a nice cheese crust. Although the veggie side mix didn't taste too good.
Chicken Wings were not as legendary as friends and locals told me about, but they were solid wings.
I would definitely come back here again, for dinner and/or late night drinking.
Cheers!Ok so people come to Philly for the cheese steak and history...  
This is in the historic part of town and it is hard to find if you don't know what you are looking for....  It looks like you are walking down an alley into no where.  But once you find it the atmosphere is awesome and if you can get here on a Karaoke night its all the more fun....
People are friendly and the patrons are great.  Get up have a drink walk around chat with the locals...  Its worth it.  I love coming here every time I come to Philly.The oldest continuously running bar in the city with a great tap list, great lunch specials, and totally passable bar food. It's great to be here. Best thing about it? Every beer on tap comes in pitchers. 
Don't expect to be wowed by taplist, service or food, but it accomplishes everything a bar should pretty well.