This bar "is" Mt Airy. White/Black, Gay/Straight, Young/Old all drinking from one of the best beer selections in the city.  Just tell PJ what you like and he'll pour you something to try.
Yes, it is crowded. Yes, as someone noted it can take a while to get the uber-busy bartender's attention.  (actually I'm not sure they have bartenders on busy nights, I think you have to flag down a waiter while he's pouring something)
It's perfect bar food. Very good burgers, wings, and the aforementioned chicken tenders.    Warm friendly rowdy: everything a neighborhood joint should be.This is the greatest tavern I've visited in the past ten years! I've been to quite a few, however this one in particular is fantastic! 
The fruity drinks are always on point, the selection of brews is great, and the food, oh my! Their staff is always friendly, professional and well organized. The bar is always full, so there's always a great conversation just waiting since the patrons are all friendly and in a great mood. Could be the booze, but I like to tell myself that it's the great atmosphere of the place. ‍
Definitely love this place!!!Great food and great value. Awesome beer selection. Excellent vibe, good energy, and a diverse crowd. McMenamins has food my kids will eat and tvs that the kids will watch so my wife and I can actually have a conversation. My five year old daughter was in her pre-K circle time and when the teachers asked the kids to share their favorite place to eat most kids responded mc donalds or chuckie cheese or the trolley car diner. My girl got some confused looks from the 4 & 5 year olds, some giggles from the adults, when she matter-of-factly anwwered, "McMenamins." Needless to say, we are very happy to indulge the kids when they ask to go there for dinner.Love this place...
While we aren't really spoiled for choice in the Great Northwest, McMens would be worth the trip (if it weren't right up the road already). 
The food is REALLY good, the specials are interesting, the table service is so efficient the waiters might be named "Deiter" or "Klaus", and they have a heaps-decent draft beer selection that seems to rotate pretty frequently. 
Great pub: nothing fancy, but all the better for it.I came here on my first night in the neighborhood, and was given a free "welcome to the neighborhood" beer. Who can argue with that? 
The preceding reviews are correct: what you'll notice first about this place is the diversity of the patrons. In age, gender, race, class, sexual orientation, all in all It's a place where I imagine most anyone would feel welcome. 
The beer selection is quite large, and they'll give you samples of the beers until you find one that you like. The food does go above and beyond the traditional bar menu. Yes, there are burgers, fries, and delicious wings. But there are also large, fresh salads, soups, and entrees that are quite sophisticated for such a non-pretentious laid back little place such as McMenamin's.
It's a great place to go for a beer and some conversation, to watch a game, or to have dinner. So glad it's in my neighborhood.
Minus one star because one waiter in particular can be extremely unpleasant. But I can't let one dude ruin the place for me.My Favorite Place To Spend A Weekday Afternoon
Upscale 'Bar Food', especially the daily lunch/dinner specials, which are always anchored by real good renditions of the shrimp/chicken/burger staples. Personally, it's difficult for me to get past their 'Burger' page, but when I do, I'm never disappointed.
Then there's the taps (over a dozen plus a hand pump) with 3 or 4 'house regulars', while the remaining taps offer a thoughtfully assembled selection of craft-brewed and imported quaffs. If nothing's familiar or you can't decide, the friendly (DAYTIME) staff will gladly offer a taste before you select.
WXPN is on the sound system (unless certain PHL sports teams are playing a day game). Even so, what's not to like ???This is a great, local spot, with a diverse crowd, fantastic eats, and a welcoming space. We are always seated and served in a reasonable amount of time, even when it's busier. The beer list never ceases to impress, and the menu never fails to please us. The staff are friendly, and are quick to fix a mistake if ever needed. McMenamin's, we appreciate you!People kept telling me to go here, so after a long hard day at work i found a spot around the bar. Bartender refused to make eye contact and acted like I was a burden/piece of garbage... after he rudely passed me off to the other guy I decided it was time to go but still wanted to get the wings I came there for. I ordered wings to go with the other guy. 25 minutes later I had to do a song and dance to get the other guy to look at me so I could ask him about those wings. "should be out any minute!" he said disingenuously. 20 more minutes later I had to dance for the original shitty bartender at which point I asked him to go grab the god damn wings that I saw the kitchen put on the counter 10 minutes ago. $34 for 3 beers and 45 minutes for 11 cold wings to go. I will let them ponder the tip I left. I live 45 seconds from this "great bar" I wont be back... like they give a shit.Prompt service and good food. We sat out side because it was quieter. My wife enjoyed her linguini with chicken and had teriyaki spiced wings were good but a little salty. 
Next time I'll sample the beer and the turkey club.A good locals spot with a lot of history, friendly staff, and decent bar food.  The outdoor patio is also quite a nice spot for a sunny day, though unfortunately has an awning.  It's not the greatest food I've ever eaten, but it was a step above your average bar's menu.I really need to go back here and try something else on the menu. I heard the fish and chips are good. I had the hummus platter cause I already ate. I wasn't  a big fan of the platter. I think I was expecting a platter similar to what I had at this other place (darn, can't recall the name). 
It came with veggies and a plate of pita (which I thought would be warm but twasn't).
The meal we ordered came out pretty quick so that's not bad. They also had my lambic beer which is always a plus.
I def think it's a cool place considering where it's located. At least now I know I don't have to trek to the city to get a beer. Not sure what will prompt me to go back tho but I'm sure something will come up.I ordered fries for take out. They are hard as rocks and taste like rotten fish. I am so disappointed. What a waste of $7.This is my BAR!  PJ has keep it going all these years!  It's a great neighborhood place to go to watch sports (esp. Eagles games), great beer selection and for exceptional food.  A good indicator is that there is a short wait for tables at dinnertime on any given day.  I have NEVER had a bad meal.  NEVER.  Rotating draft beer and extensive selection of bottled beer too.  The prices are reasonable.  Family friendly too.  The staff are attentive, friendly & knowledgeable.  The crowd is a somewhat older crowd, not collegey.  I can't say enough about this place.  20 years down the road, McMen's will still be going strong.I didn't see what the big deal was about this place. I came here after a theater production, with the cast, and was not all that impressed. 
It's very difficult to find a place to stand that allows you to avoid being bumped into by the bustling waiters. The bartender was pretty gruff. The options on tap weren't great either but I tried a hibiscus-flavored beer that was awesome--I wish I could remember its name for future reference. 
All in all, I was ready to go after an hour or so. It was flat out boring! The atmosphere, service, and selection were just not worth sticking around for.I concur with most of the reviews about McMenamin's, not much else I can say that is mind-blowingly unique.  My go-to bar for an awesome beer selection, I especially love when they have sours on tap.  Burgers are great, wings are some of the best I've had.  Spicy fries are coated in Old Bay, which is always a good thing.  Perfect place to watch a game, catch up with friends, or just do some good drinking.Had the grilled chicken Caesar salad. It was fresh and really well seasoned. The service was slow for lunch time but it's worth it if you go with a group. Great place to watch the game!I stumbled upon this little gem while here for two days on family business. It is the perfect little spot! Both times the bartenders were super nice and helpful with menu recommendations and getting wifi set up. The crowd is diverse and fun and the ambiance is authentic. No one's pretending to be anything they aren't here.
The beer list was extensive and the house wines were aok.
On my first visit, I had the caesar salad with grilled shrimp. So good and so many shrimp for $9! A little too much lettuce, but the bartender explained I could have ordered a small salad and added as many shrimp as I wanted for $1 each. My second visit I asked the bartender's recommendation and she suggested the fish and chips or hot roast beef sandwich. Legit, some of the best fish and chips I have ever had. The fish batter is seasoned perfectly and the fries are thick and almost overdone, but pulled from the fryer at the exact right time. Delish!
I doubt I will ever be back to this great neighborhood, but I would come back all the time if I lived here for the fish and chips! Definitely give it a try!Having grown up in Chicago, I've had some fantastic hot wings.  I consider myself lucky to have found a place that has some of the best hot wings I've ever had.  In fact, I can't remember having any meal there that wasn't exceptionally delicious (and we eat there almost weekly).  My compliments to the chef.
If it's nighttime, however, and there's a game on, you can expect a bit of a wait for a sit-down experience (it is a sports bar after all).  But, you can drink beer (or something else) while you wait and the staff is always very professional.This is a good local spot to go to pretty much any night of the week. Their menu is surprisingly diverse and varied. They have standard pub fare like fish and chips, as well as more interesting dishes that change frequently. They have a great beer selection, too. For me, the real draw here is the dessert menu. This place is a hidden gem for desserts. I had a key lime pie here once that came with fresh cream and blackberries that was unbelievable. The downside of this location is the seating. It's a bit cramped, and it can be hard to get seated comfortably. Generally, I recommend it!Great place good service. I had a grilled shrimp salad and it was flavorful and fresh. I will be going back.For $52 I got a burger burnt to crisp, and oyster po-boy that was essentially raw and 4 drinks. Did I mention I paid $4 for extra pickles?! I could have spent just as much and gotten much better food and service ANYWHERE else.Great, fresh food, wonderful neighborhood vibe, and now that PHL is non smoking it's a delightful, casual place to go for dinner.I love this place. The standard bar food is great - their wings, for example, are the best, burgers are good, too. The surprise is what they do with their rotating menu (the typed and xeroxed one). Interesting things, almost always well executed.  The fish here is excellent (they sometimes have terrific whole roasted fish, usually snapper). Who would have thunk, good fish preps at a corner bar!
Goes without saying that the beer selection is wide and deep. The service is always friendly (but not too friendly) and efficient (but never pressured). I've been going to this place for ten years and the whole wait/bar staff is exactly the same, down to the busboy (and I'm pretty sure they aren't related, or at least they don't look like they are). Only thing: it's a good value, but by no means cheap - for a family of four, it will run you $70-80. Otherwise I would be here 2-3 times a week. Feel lucky to have this in the neighborhood.I was hoping to find a place where I could watch the new Eagles season that was a stones throw from my home I have been in the area for over 20 yrs but have always preferred to eat at home because I don't like how most establishments prepare food with that in mind I decided to try this local eatery that I had heard so much about over the years and I was very disappointed. The meal went from mediocre to worse had the buffalo wings and they were over cooked then tried the shrimp and chips the chips were probably the only thing I liked shrimp was chewy and had no flavor upon tasting my dates fish and chips it was not much better for dessert we shared a raspberry puff pastry a la mode that had way too much sauce and over cooked pastry that was more burnt than flaky ok service small tv's nice folks but lousy food I wont go back !!!The definitive neighborhood melting pot bar - the bartenders know their beer, and they always have great stuff on tap. I hear the food is ok, but I've never eaten a thing there - it does leave a vague scent of old ketchup in the air for us latenighters, unfortunately. For drinks, though, it's a good place - it's always crowded, but I still have always found a table, and usually leave quite drunk and about $30 lighter - I just wish there was a night or two that they didn't have mediocre 90s FM Rock blaring overtop of whatever sporting event is going on, as I'm not remotely interested in either. How about some Hank Williams or some Tom Waits?My fiance and I absolutely love this place.  I'm a beer connoisseur and their selection is always exceptional.  I love that they usually have sours and big beers on draft.  Their food is typical pub grub.  It's good an inexpensive.  The staff is always friendly and knowledgeable.  We also really like the eclectic atmosphere.  You can almost always find a spot at the free parking lot next door.Excellent pub with a good beer list, great service and some amazing pub non traditional bar food. Started out with the pig wings, which were covered in a sweet maple glaze. They were fantastic and huge. My date got the mushroom pot pie which was amazing. Loads of mushrooms and veggies in a thick stew covered in buttery pastry. I got the fish and chips. The fries were amazing, the fish itself is hand breaded. It was so tender and delicious. All in all, I will be back soon.My favorite place in the area for a beer and a snack after work. Always some friendly conversations to be had at the bar, and the food is great and fairly priced. The staff is attentive and friendly, though sometimes when they're busy, service is a little slow. Nonetheless, this is a great neighborhood bar! The atmosphere is comfortable and inviting, and after a long day, it's the perfect place to unwind with a cold one. Love the hummus, and the sandwiches and burgers are always great. We've tried every bar in the Mt. Airy/ Chestnut Hill area, and this still our favorite.This place is money. Great beers that change weekly "17" and the food is fantastic. Best wings in philly hands down. Menu changes, professional bartenders. Solid chefs. Good music. Doesn't get much better than this place.McMenamin's has a good beer selection, and general bar food. I tend to go twice a week during the fall, but not any other times. When the place is busier, you definitely get slower service. They require that your entire group is there before they seat you. 
Overall, I will return to McMenamin's. The serving staff tends to be a little abrasive when it gets busy. They haven't done anything bad or wrong. They just haven't gone above and beyond to earn themselves more than a 3-star.McMenamin's is fantastic.  The staff gets to know you and will treat you like family.  Food is consistently great, with a kitchen that changes their menu just enough with fresh and seasonal options that keep your choices from getting stale.PROS:
* Best beer list in the NW.
* Some of the best wings in the city... on a good day they can rival Moriarity's
* The rest of the food is right there... some of the best pub food + around
* Neighborhood institution... with a varying crowd typical of where it's nestled (Mt Airy) 
* Greg (bartender) is awesome... period
CONS:
* Getting a seat can be difficult depending on the time/day.
* Getting a seat during a big game = an impossibility.I know 5 stars are a tall order for a local pub, but as local pubs go, this is the spot.  I don't know why other reviewers viewed a diverse and varied pool of patrons as intimidating; I felt exactly the opposite, I felt at ease.  I'd feel way more uncomfortable in a pub full of rowdy, yelling, red-faced college frat dudes than in a place where old, young, gay, straight, blue collar, rich, families, singles, black, white, and many more come together to eat, socialize, watch a ball game, or just chew the fat at the bar.  
Every time I visit, I see regulars who all seem to enjoy each other's company.  I also see people who are new to the place.  On a busy night, there can be a wait for a table, and you have to get there a little early for a seat if the Eagles are playing, but the service is generally speedy and friendly.  Yes, there are times when you may have to wait several minutes, or wave your hand to get service from the bar, but that's because the place is PACKED very often with only one or two people filling orders for the bar area, the diners at tables, and those sitting on the patio.  Have patience and be friendly...you might just meet your new favorite bartender.
By the way, I can't ignore the food.  Sure, there's the standard bar food (burgers, amazing fries, chicken fingers, fish and chips), but they also have really good salads, soups, appetizers, and entrees that can keep up with any other restaurant on Germantown Avenue.  The beer selection is great, and they make good cocktails.  You can even buy six packs of every-day beer and fancy imports to go.  It's definitely worth a try.  If you're looking for a quiet corner for a date or for reading there, come in the afternoons...or on a day/evening when the Phillies or the Eagles aren't playing.the first time I went here back in January, it was COLD and it was a Saturday and I was new to the area.  I wanted something LOCAL. I found this place. It was BUSY on a Saturday but it was OKAY. I didn't mind waiting.
I wrote a LONG review but I wasn't allowed to finish...
BASICALLY, this is a RUDE, awful place. I ordered a burger to go - Ordered it MEDIUM. I got a BURNED BURGER. The bar woman was a nightmare. IGNORE ME. RUDE. When I asked for my food she said "I put it in. I can't do more than that!".  Seriously???  Guess what!!! Mt. Airy is growing and more "hipper" and Happier restaurants are moving to the area.  It won't be long before you cannot get away with the BAD SERVICE and BAD FOOD.  This is the THIRD TIME I have tried to have a good experience here. NEVER AGAIN.  .The last time that we went there was the LAST time that we will go there!
It was our first night out after the baby was born, and all I wanted a burger and a beer. We had been there before with another couple and had a great time hangin outside on the patio shooting the shit last summer. But this time we walked up to the bar on a Saturday night and tried to sit down. The young "cool" bartender was quick to tell us that we couldn't sit there because that seat was saved. So, the gentleman next to us said "oh, sit here- I am leaving"... so we did. So we waited. And we waited. About 10 minutes later this girl walks in from outside and sits in the"saved" seat. The bartender who wouldn't even make eye contact with us- rushed over immediately to his gal pal to take her order.
We were so disgusted that we got up and left. I don't know if it was post partum hormones, but I was in tears. Screw you cool guy- I hope you get crabs!I love this consistent local neighborhood spot. As human beings wr are creatures of habit and they feul that need every time. With consistently good servers ( I love seeing the same faces) and consistently good food and an always magnificent beer selection, you can never go wrong choosing this place.  They have numberous mounted flat screens all around so the hubby can keep up with a variety of sports, the specials menu is ever intriguing and the staff is superb.Best bar in the area.   Bartenders great.  Crowd great.  Beer selection awesome.   Only complaint is the Rye Bread is actually Wheat bread.   Just go back to your normal rye and all will be good.Best neighborhood bar in Philly.  Great people, fantastic beer selection, decent bar food, and crazy eagles fans!  By far the beat place to watch an eagles game!McMenamin's is my neighborhood pub, and it serves as the keystone of the neighborhood, just as every good pub should.  I can't imagine Mt Airy  without McMenamin's.  In the 15 or so years that my wife and I (and now my 3yo daughter) have been regulars here the friendly staff has remained almost exactly the same.  How many places do you see that these days?  The food is good, the beer list is excellent.  One hand pump to go with the 12 or so taps of local, Belgian and other craft beers. Kid friendly.  Great wings, fish and chips, inventive specials, fresh salads.  I'm not a fan of their burger but that is certainly a matter of taste because others seem to love it.  Can get crowded, so come early, grab a seat and enjoy Mt Airy, because we are all there.....This place is everything. It is your quintessential neighborhood bar without the raging drunks outside. They have the best wings in Mt. Airy. It's a great place to chill and hang out with your friends to watch a game. It's also a great place to take your family out to eat. Love.this.place!cute tavern-y pub-ish spot in mt. airy. they had dogfish head Aprihop, which i'd never tried before. loved it! ordered a bbq bacon cheeseburger. it was one of those hugely thick ones that are hard to get a good bite out of. and the bun seemed a little... dare i say stale?
the WINGS, however, were AWESOME. perfectly crispy and not too too hot. lil skimpy w the blue cheese but i suppose i could have asked for more.I guess my friends and I missed the memo about the food here cause it seemed like more people were in line to get a table to eat than to grab a spot at the bar.  The bar area was packed and most people there seemed to be eating as well.  We can to check out the awesome beer selection and concur our quest of hitting all the 2012 Top 50 Bars in 2013.  I can see why this place made the list defiantly a great neighborhood type bar.  If I lived nearby I could see myself frequenting the place.  Service was efficient as well and the draft list has so many great options.Chicken fingers are we're it's at with honey mustard and bbq sauce ! Yum! Great to stop in for comfort bar food.This place is generally pretty awesome.  It has really excellent pub food, made by a friendly chef named Larry.  The chicken tenders are actually chicken breasts beer battered and fried to order, not your frozen run of the mill tenders.  And they have won lots of awards for their chicken wings.  This is one of those scenes where at dinner time, sometimes there are kids in there, and then it can get crazy later at night, fully functioning as both as restaurant and a bar for the neighborhood.  It is a true Mt. Airy style bar in that the crowd is always diverse and people are pretty friendly.
Mixed drinks are always strong, fantastic beer selection, including I think around 13 beers on tap at all times.  And they don't carry any Anheiser Busch products.
For Eagles games, it gets totally packed and totally nuts and they play the good commentators on the radio instead of having to listen to the TV commentators.  Oh, and they cue the fully orchestrated version of the Eagles fight song after a touchdown and the whole bar sings along.  
I got tired of this place because there used to be almost nowhere else to go for good reasonably priced food, so we were almost forced to go there all the time.  But now, lots of new stuff has sprung up on this strip of the ave.  The only real negative was that once you were a regular, sometimes you got ignored waiting for a drink when it was busy in favor of the less frequently attending 'adults.'  I think I went there too much when I lived in Philly for me to want to go back now, but for others, it should be a place definitely worth going to .I had the wings (buffalo) and a couple beers. Guiness and many craft beers on tap makes for a pretty good selection. Haven't had the other food but I would come back.As always, a great visit, good food and attentive wait staff. Always high on the list of places to patronize, McMenamins is a sure thing each and every time. If you're interested in a varied beer list or a sports team, there are plenty of brew selections and a multiplicity of TVs. This place has it all over the places higher up on the Hill. Worth a stop for sure.Decent first visit to McMenamin's.  We walked in and there was no one there to greet us.  We kind of stood there for a second, but no one from the bar seemed to notice us so we decided to just take a seat at one of the high top tables by the door.  After a little while I decided to go seek out a staff member to make sure we were where we belonged.  Turns out the guy I went up to was just on his way over.  Then we ordered two glasses of water, but for some reason still had to be carded.  Kind of strange.  Okay so a rocky start.
They had an interesting menu that seemed to feature the burgers I've heard so much about and the chicken sandwiches.  They also had a menu for the day's specials.  I found myself going back and forth between customizing a burger or chicken sandwich or going with the schnitzel from the specials menu.  I went with the schnitzel and was recommended to get the mashed potatoes with that.  Also got a bowl of spicy soup with andouille sausage.  That was very tasty with the right amount of spice.  The schnitzel was awesome.  I'd never had it before and had been dying to go to a German spot to try some.  It was nice and thin and was topped with capers, which I'm not sure if that is traditional or not, but it tasted great.  The mashed potatoes were also as good as the server said.  
Overall I was kind of annoyed for the first five minutes with the way things were going, but in the end I really enjoyed the food and would love to try more.  It's definitely a cool hangout for locals, but we were not regulars so it felt like that lessened our experience.  I would like to go back, maybe get a drink and try one of those sandwiches I was debating over.I didn't think I was cool enough to go into this bar. You know, the local watering hole but being located in the heart of Mt. Airy, that takes on a different meaning. The crowd is such a mix of people- locals, hippies, yuppies, black, white, asian, poor, wealthy, young 20's, college kids, families, gray hair, pink hair. It's a bit intimitating in a way. It's just so "cool".
The beer choices along with the tv's are plenty. The food is strong
and surprisingly good. There are several vegetarian choices, including portobello burgers and veggie burgers. Soups, entrees. salad are huge, french fries are really cripsy ( my favorite). We met friends there once for lunch and watched while one of our friends had a pulled pork sandwich. I know very little about pork except that it's from a pig but it was a huge sandwich and he ate every little bit. Then he licked his fingers. i guess that means it was good.Great neighborhood bar. You would never guess from the outside - it just looks like a typical corner pub - but they have a wonderful beer selection. They have about 12 taps all pouring great craft or imported beer and even more stuff in bottles. They even sell beer to go including cork & cage Belgians.
The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because it is small and almost always crowded, so getting a seat is tough. And if the Eagles are playing... get there at least an hour before game time or forget it.
Oh and their burgers are fantastic. I also love the beef stew, hearty and sticks to your ribs.This place never lets us down. We walk in the door and they have our favorite beers on the way to our table. Okay, one time in 5 years, we ordered a sandwich and the beef was tough. But we forgave and moved on. We have not been disappointed since! I like to to sit when I go to a bar, so I know if I go to McM's after 8pm, it's unlikely I'll get a seat at the bar.The best time of day for me is between 1 and 3pm at one of the round high tops at the front window. The Chef goes out on limb to offer a menu that is way above standard bar food. The hummus platter is out of this world. If you like fried chicken, order their chicken fingers. Check out their specials, they are always delicious.This is the best bar in the world. Great draft list, really friendly staff, a solid basic food menu and innovative specials each week, all made with incredibly fresh ingredients. We're here probably twice a week, and so is half the neighborhood. With that said, it fills up and there isn't much room to just hang around the bar. You really have to get a table, but even when it's crowded, I don't think I've ever waited more than 10 or 15 minutes.I watch Tripple "D" on the Food Network all the time and wonder where all the good, sleeper, restaurants are in Philadelphia. Well I found one. McMenamin's is the kind of place I've been looking for for a long time. 
I went with the Fish and Chips. My wife went Veggie with the huge Portabello "burger"
Service was fast. Food was great. I had Ginger ale and the Mrs. had a Vodka something. It was all A+. I'm going back tomorrow and maybe the next day. 
TimmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmThe food and beer selection at McMenamin's are consistently good. Had the chance to chat with the chef on a slower afternoon and you can just tell the guy knows and loves food. Plus he was a great laugh. The service can be a little off sometimes, especially when they are packed --- but it is always understandable. And even if they aren't always able to be the most expedient staff, they ARE always friendly and knowledgable about the food and drink menus! The specials change weekly it seems, and everything I have ever tried off of the rotating menu was heavenly. My husband can't say no to the fish and chips (best on the east coast he says), and I really enjoyed the chili. A vegetarian friend of mine got the portobello burger and was astounded at the size of it ... And that she was able to get a truly delicious veggie friendly meal in a little pub in Mt. Airy. We may be moving out of the neighborhood soon, but this is absolutely one of those places we will come back to visit no matter where we move!This is not a typical local watering hole, and without McMenimin's up the street from us, my husband and I would probably be able to go a day without beer. But it has truly brought out the beer snob in the both of us.  Their beer selection is not huge, but it's always creative and changing. Waiters are always genuinely knowledgeable about the beer selection and are happy to make a recommendation based on what you are craving that particular day, or give you a small sample if you are still up in the air. Just don't go in here and order a Miller light-it's a waste of good resources and it truly doesn't matter if you have no knowledge of beer.  Just order something you haven't heard off of the chalkboard, and you're sure to be happy. And if not, oh well-it's only $5, right? Not exactly breaking the bank for trying something new.
The standard bar fare is great-burgers are enormous, flavorful, and cooked to order. The wings are some of the best in the city, and the fish and chips are awesome.  Their dinner specials are usually pretty good, too, which is surprising at a bar.
Wait staff is great, and they know the regulars. This isn't the type of place that the staff turnover is high, thus, service is consistent and dependable.  
This place is a local staple, and it's truly worth the 15 minute trip from center city to check it out.My fiance says the fish and chips are the best he has ever had! I always try something different every time I go and everything is delicious. My favorite is probably the pasta with shrimp in white wine butter sauce. Sometimes it can be a bit crowded, but they pour great craft beers and the food is awesome. Great neighborhood bar.I actually went to this place based on the other review, and I agree with almost everything Lizzy A. wrote.  I totally tried the chicken tenders platter and WOW!  Seriously the best you'll ever have in your life.  Fish and chips were also similarly yum and included their crazy beer-battered fries.
Most importantly for many of us, our waiter was really knowledgeable about the beers they had on tap.  I told him I was hoping for some sort of mild-ish IPA and brought me a beer I thoroughly enjoyed.
Also important, this place hasn't been completely gentrified like NXNW across the street.  It still has a cool everybody who comes here lives in this neighborhood vibe and the faces of people in there reflect that.   
One guy even called out my boyfriend for "trying to steal" my bike lamp one night, which makes me like the place even more.Great wings and chicken fingers. Not a beer drinker but they have a great selection. Usually get take out from here.Mcmenamin's is a mainstay, where everyone is welcome and game days are always fun. Tip the bartenders. Good food, good beer - what more do you need?!McMenamins is a seriously great neighborhood bar. Yes, it's loud and crowded and there are way too many television sets. But the whole of this very diverse neighborhood comes here and the food is surprisingly good. There's always a great fresh salad, the fish and chips, burgers and Guinness beef stew are perfect and the list of microbrews is seemingly endless.My boyfriend, of the McMenamin clan, kept raving about this joint and he loves, loves, loves it.  I was not sold, although I've been there a handful of times. 
Tonight we went there for the Flyers playoff game - a great vibe and is is perfect for sporting events and hanging out with friends.  The people are really friendly and is a good mix of locals and regulars.  I always meet people when I am in there and have good conversation.  At times it can be rightly crowded, but it's still a cozy atmosphere.  
The beer selection is quite varied but if you want a domestic, you'll have to have bottled.  They have a killer beer selection of Belgians, Germans, etc. for the beer snob.  They also have a fridge full of 25 oz. corked imports.  I don't think you will not be able to find something to your liking.  I am not a beer girl, per say, but I always try a new draft when I am there.  Great selection.
The waitstaff and 'tenders are attentive and the food comes quick.  It's clean. Typical pub fare or that's what I always get even though they always have some interesting sounding specials, but I think overall the menu is limited or basic.  The chcken tenders I had tonight were fresh but a tad greasy and the spicy fries - they were a bit heavy-handed with the spice.  
Overall, though - I can't say I have ever had a bad meal here.  I always have a good time and we keep coming back..Mehhhh. I mean it was alright. The food was alright. The beers were good but the price was alright. The TVs were good but the placement was a bit odd. Lots of old timers. Not the most comfortable spot. Just seems like the old no frills beat up who cares whatever local pub. Not my style. Didn't hate it after a couple beers.This place is pretty cool. I could not stay and eat. I ordered a bacon cheeseburger with sharp Chedder, and well bacon. It was delicious. Also I got a side order of French fries(Beer battered I think) they were awesome. Food was very good well above average. I will be going back there to hang out, and eat food.This is what a neighborhood bar and grille is supposed to be. Particularly great beer selection. Food is always good or better, both main menu and specials. Don't come here for a gourmand experience, it's just reliably solid. A little noisy, a bit cramped, but also reasonably kid friendly, very friendly staff.This is one of our favorite locals. Perfect place to catch an Eagles game, with the best draft selection for miles. It's a tavern, and a popular tavern at that, so you have to get in early if you go there for dinner. Noise level is pretty high, but that's to be expected at a sports tavern. 
What's not to be expected at a tavern like this is the food! They do standard tavern fare very very well, the burgers and wings are great. The fish and chips are my favorite this side of the Atlantic. The Wife says their hummus is the best. What I hadn't expected before I started going there (I've been going for years) are the specials. The specials change every week, including desert specials. The specials are always imaginative and usually very good.Fun place!  Great spot for watching an Eagles game on TV!  This is a genuine neighborhood bar in one of Philly's most eclectic neighborhoods (Mt. Airy).  It is located in a lively commercial district on Germantown Avenue, the main street in the community.  You can meet all types of people here, and it's all good.  The food is well prepared and there are plenty of choices on the menu, including dinner platters, burgers, roast beef sandwich, wings, salads, fish & chips, etc.  Prices are low to moderate.  BIG selection of beers.  Highly recommended.ADORE this place. It looks very run-of-the-mill from the outside. But the service is great and the FOOD - particularly the long specials list - is AMAZING. You just can't miss. We've been going there for years and years- and there's always something amazing to eat. Watch at game? You can do that. Sit at a table? Or outside? All good. Other neighborhoods should be so lucky as to have a place like this...Time for a dirty hoe..i like thus place very low key..people are actually friendly here. The selection of beer here is pretty good..there are about 30 + different types of beer to choose from.  I can't believe I almost forgot...the wings are banging, their home made irish beef stew is not bad either. Over all this place has my vote for a nice relaxing bar.Hands-down, the place to go in the neighborhood. Their food is excellent, the beers are great with regular variation , the staff is friendly, knowledgeable and attentive. The prices  are reasonable and the ambience is not to be beaten. 
So why what's not to like...? "You got it!"I'm not very familiar with this area of the city so when I had friends visiting near Mt Airy we sort of took a shot in the dark with a place to eat.  Overall I wasn't very impressed with McMenamin's.  I found their menu to be too basic.  I had a hard time finding something on the menu that I was in the mood for.  My partner and friend are both vegetarians and the options for them was even more limited.  I ended up getting chicken tenders and shared some fries with my girlfriend.  The fries were good and to their credit, the chicken tenders where quite large and nicely breaded.  On the downside, the chicken tenders had a strange aftertaste that really ruined it for me.  My girlfriend got a portabello mushroom sandwich and was not impressed.  Again, on the plus side it was HUGE so I will give them props for their portions.  Service was so-so.  The bar was pretty packed and there only seemed to be one waiter on duty.  She did good for being only one person but it seemed like she was stretched too thin.
I probably won't be going back.You cannot go wrong with McMenamins. Where else can you get a 10oz cheeseburger meal for under $10? Their tenders are amazing, fries with "house seasoning" goes a long way, extensive beer selection, and a non-trendy old school Irish pub vibe. I'm not into sports, but for those who are, there is always something going on. Just make sure you understand that if you roll in 20 deep on a Sunday night,  you may need to wait for them to move some tables around.Love the place. Food is consistently good. Many beers on tap. Great atmosphere. Can take the kids too!! Bar and room seating. Servers are great!! Great neighborhood place.There are two reasons to go here: the encylopedic beer list and the conviviality. It's one of the friendliest bars around, and the evening crowds attest to that. This is no gastropub. Stick to the simple sandwiches and the excellent fries and you will not be disappointed. The fish and chips are also decent.The go to spot ,especially on Game day(whatever sport it might be) :-) The wings are really good and their pasta dishes are,as well They have specials and they are usually very tasty. I like their salads but always get my dressing on the side as they often overdress them.The staff is awesome and regulars know they get super busy  at times so you may have to wait a little for your food , so we all just talk to our friends ,watch the game, people watch, etc.... And if you are an Eagles fan there is no where better in all of Philly to watch the game :-)Checked out this joint on Saturday after reading other Yelp reviews months ago.  Had the sauteed grilled shrimp taco's and the spinach salad.  Both were great!!!  Loved the fact they had alot of tv's at just about every angle of the bar.  The service was great and attentive too.  I'll definitely be back the next time I'm in Philly.Best Chicken Caesar Salads on the planet! I swear their Caesar Dressing is homemade--it's just DELISHHHH!! I also enjoyed their BLT on Rye, and waiting to try a gobbler from there ASAP!!Solid place to hang out for a quick dinner with friends. The burgers are so good and taste even better reheated the next day (I couldn't finish mine!). Even though this establishment has thousands (exaggeration) of different types of beer, that Long Island Iced Tea was on point!Great spot for a quick drink. Wings dry with some hot sauce on the side are freaking amazing. Make sure you ask for Paul the bartender, very friendly and attentive to you.'ve been meaning to go to McMenimins for months now. It's supposed to be the best bar in Germantown, and I needed to investigate this rumor.
I went out to dinner with John, Allie, and Rachel. The atmosphere here is pretty standard, a long dark bar greets you as from the front door. There is a back dinning room with a handful of tables, and a small outdoor seating area. The quality of seating varies in the outdoor area; one end is quite nice while the other is cramped, separated from the sidewalk only by a chain link fence. Choose your seat wisely.
The prices here are great for the food, and reasonable for the beer. As far as the beer list goes, it is good, even by Philadelphia standards. There have several American craft beers and a few Belgians. I started with the Kwak and then tried an IPA, but the names escapes me now.
Everyone else went with the fish and chips, while I opted for the burger. The rest of the group really enjoy the fish, and liked the fries even more. The first are the twice cooked fries that deliver crispy, perfect consistency inside and out; many spots could take lessons on these great fries.
For my burger, it only came with potato chips, which aren't the ideal side. Other than that, I was very happy with the burger, and would put it in the upper echelon of burgers in the city. The size and proportion of everything was great. I ordered medium rare and it came cooked to specification. It was large and messy, dripping with juices, and if I wasn't in such good company I may have been embarrassed by the process of eating this great burger.
Bottom Line: This is one of the best spots in Germantown. It doesn't have what it takes to bring me from my part of the city, but it's certainly worth visiting if you're in the neighborhood.
Essentials:
7071 Germantown Ave
215-247-9920
Hours: M-S: 11:30-2am; S 4pm-1am; Sunday during NFL 12:30-1am
Avg Ent: 7-15
Cash Only: No
Reservations: NoA little loud and condensed space for my taste, but the beer options are fantastic, plenty to choose from. Staff is friendly and attentive, and the food is actually pretty damn good for a tavern! Must try if you are in the area.Amazing beer selection and some great pub food.   Their food stands out though as their pub food is made fresh.  Get a burger or some chicken fingers to go with a selection off their great beer list.