Disclaimer: This is a review of the new Medusa pizza taken over by Green Eggs...
My husband and I were loyal customers of Medusa pizza for the past year. The cheesesteak pizza and the buffalo chicken pizza were our go-tos. We went to order tonight and found out the buffalo chicken pizza is no longer on the menu...such a bummer. It was seriously delicious!! They still have the cheesesteak pizza although it's now called something else and they added pickled cherry peppers to it (not sure why they thought that was necessary).
We opted to try the cheesesteak pizza and another one with pork and broccoli rabe. The good news is the dough/crust were the same - crispy and delicious and cooked perfectly. However I was very disappointed in the cheesesteak pizza. It was lacking flavor. I think they ended up keeping the same concept as the original but used a different cut of steak, different cheese (perhaps their homemade mozzarella and less American cheese), and different/fewer onions...it all fell a little flat. I ended up putting a fair amount of salt on it and that did help. It was also covered (and I mean covered) in black pepper which was weird. However since I loved the original version of the pizza I was totally disappointed. 
I hope in the future they realize Medusa had a good thing going. Just keep the pizza the same. Don't get too fancy and use the same recipes/ingredients.Pleasantly surprised with this spot: great pizza, friendly staff, byob, and an awesome rooftop spot. Atmosphere is very casual and relaxing but the food feels upscale - significantly better than most pizza joints.It's brand new and has a nice little charm. The woman who owns it is super friendly and the staff was great. We really enjoyed the food there the first time that we have been twice so far and will definitely be going back again. The fact that it is BYOB is great. We've sat on the roof deck outside and enjoyed the fresh pizzas and our own wine/beer - there is a conveniently placed beer distributor across the street.
The pizza is a little pricey for the size, but the freshness and quality are excellent. The desserts are insane. It was the best cannoli I've ever had. 
Hope this place does really well!Great pizza!! Tastes Just like it does when I went to Italy. Organic tomatoes make it AMAZING!! Def going back!!I must say... Everything was absolutely wonderful! The staff was so friendly, the atmosphere was great and the food was delicious! They differently know what they are cooking!! Thank you!! And the amazing thing is, it's only 2 mins walking distance from us besides the BYOB!! 
   There was 8 of us, including my 3 1/2 year old son. We were greeted with friendly staff. We wanted to sit on the roof deck, but it was full. So, we were seated upstairs near the roof deck. And the waiter made sure that we got to sit outside on the roof deck once it was ready. We didn't wait long. 
    We ordered, the margarita and Bellini pizza, antipasto, burger n fries, pizza fritters, chicken fingers n fries. Everything was delicious. And we topped it off with tiramisu, cannoli from Italy, and berry sorbet.   
      If you like wood-fired pizza than go check out Medsua!! 
      Again, I always say... You just have to try it for yourself! 
Cheers!! 
Xoxo
PhengWe sat on the roof top and had a great meal. I liked that we paid when we ordered so that we didn't have to split a check with our group at the end of the meal. The pizza was great, It's BYOB, the staff was very friendly and attentive, and the desserts.... Amazing! Can't wait to go back for an espresso and a cannoli.Ordered the Buffalo chicken pizza waffle fries and fried calamari. Food was great everyone enjoyed it... The staff is amazingly polite.. They go out of their way to make sure you are having a good time... Very prompt and courteous. I'm actually still here eating and decided to stop to write this review.. The reality is the food could of tasted horrible and I would still give the place 5 stars and would definitely come back again... Amazing people...ABSOLUTELY AMAZING!!  The pizza is out of this world. Everything is so fresh. Also the scenery is so nice and refreshing. They have a beautiful sun deck that I can't wait to enjoy once the weather breaks. If you ever have time to check this place out do it!! You won't regret it.Me and my husband went for the first time yesterday and had the most amazing experience. The pizza is the BEST I have ever tasted!!! We also had the cheesesteak with provolone on their homemade bread made in the pizza oven and a sampler and the frozen peach sorbetto dessert. Everything was out of this world. The owner was also very attentive and she kept checking on us and recommending awesome stuff to try. This will be a regular place for usFriendly service!  Tasty salads!  Yummy thin crust funghi pizza!  Loved the cheesesteak on house made wood fired bread!  A great Gelato Bomba to finish!  Very clean!  Plenty of space between tables! Beautiful roof deck!My wife and I are very excited about this new BYO pizza spot off York St of Fishtown! Immediately when you walk in, you stand in a line to order, so grab a menu (located at the counter). After you order and pay, you get a number and the food is taken out to you. So tipping was a bit different. We tipped when we paid because of the obvious tip jar at the counter. Next time, we will tip half there and save the other half for our server...
There are 3 general places to sit, we were hoping to sit outside, but there were no tables available so we sat on the 2nd floor. They do have enough room for more tables on the outside deck (on the second floor) so hopefully they will add some in the future. Where we sat was very boring; no art, no paintings, no charm. Just plain ol' walls with a neutral color.
It was amusing watching the servers walk in and out from the deck, up and down stairs trying to find the tables and numbers. Twice, our food passed our table but eventually made its way back to us...not a complaint, just amusing.
The Food:
Based on the menu's strong recommendation, we ordered their pizza fritta (deep fried stuffed pizza dough). We added kale, basil and onions to the mozzarella and sauce. It was amazeballs. My wife and I each ordered pizzas. They are about 10 inches diameter. She had the smoked salmon, arugula and asparagus and I had the mushroom, cherry tomatoes, garlic and basil pesto. She won. Hers was a delicious smokey and savory goodness. Both pizzas were very good with fresh ingredients on a thin, airy crust that still held the toppings, so no need for knife and fork. We really enjoyed our meal.
We will definitely go back. I am curious if the menu will remain big, yet maintain quality. I mean they have waffle AND crinkle fries. They also have burgers and hoagies...just a lot for a BYO, sit down restaurant...or should I think of it more along the lines as a pizza jawn? Either way, it fits  Philly's laid back style and is a nice addition to the Fishtown neighborhood.We went there because we live around the corner, and we heard they also offered Gluten free. So this revolves mainly around the gluten free pizza. 
When we first looked at the menu, I was surprised at how expensive it was for a 12 inch pizza. You have to pay for everything. There is no free water, and you order upfront and seat yourself. So we got one water, fries, and a gluten free four cheese pizza (the cheapest one as well.) That ran us about $25. It seems like a steep price when I've  eaten at pizzeria Vetri and Nomad for cheaper with full service. They were "shipped the wrong fries" so we didn't get waffle fries and said it was no big deal to have crinkle cut fries, but we were disappointed that these were obviously going to be frozen fries from a distributor. When you pay so much for these things, we kind of expected fresh ingredients. The fries were soggy and tasted worse than what I could've baked in my oven at home. 
We decided to get the gluten free option, and we've had some good gluten free dough in the past, and wanted to try it wood fired. When we said gluten free, the woman almost looked surprised. When we got the pizza, I thought it was a joke. It did not appear to be fresh made dough, not wood fired, and tasted like a bad ritz cracker that left a weird film  in your mouth. I honestly think it might have been microwaved. The cheese tasted like it was microwaved. It was disgusting. I'm usually pretty easy going with mistakes or food that is not great. It was just so expensive, and almost offensive that they charge extra for that dough. It was the worst gluten free item I've ever had. 
Not to mention while we were there, a few people sent food back, and someone pointed out that the Parmesan cheese on the table was moldy. I was just really bummed out that they claim to offer these options, but clearly don't put the same effort into accommodating food allergies. I personally feel like it shouldn't even be offered if that's what they serve.Oh man, this was so good. We kept meaning to come here since they opened in the neighborhood, but finally did and it was awesome. It is a neat space and we were there early with the kids for my wife's birthday so we had the place to ourselves for a little while. The owners and staff were great. And the food... The calamari is amazing and huge. The pizza fritta; well, what's not to love about fried pizza. We ordered a ton of pizza and it was all delicious; my current favorite in the neighborhood. The crust is amazing and the sauce tastes super fresh. I am excited  to have leftovers to enjoy tomorrow.  
Speaking of leftovers, the dessert of fried pizza dough with Nutella and cannoli filling!?  Looking forward to enjoying the second half of that for breakfast. Well done Medusa!We ordered pizza here the other day for pick up. Their website doesn't list the size, but for $16 we thought it would be big enough for 2 people. The pizzas are 12" (at best) and to top it off ours was very burned. We couldn't even eat most of it. We ended up ordering from Franco's just to feel full. Very disappointed and never ordering from here again.Green Egg Cafe brought Medussa pizza spot..I LOVE this location! Roof top dinning ,BYOB. Great service. Thank you to Miracle,  though she was new she handled our incisive table very well!  The food was amazing..I have the creme brulee French toast, simply divine! Cant wait to visit philly again!The food gets a 3/5 - pies are very expensive at $14-$20 for a ~12" pizza, so I expect them to be really damn good. They were ok, but the dough was over burnt to where it overpowered the other tastes, and they don't do any precooking of the vegetables, so they made the pizza kinda watery. 
They lost another star for taking over 40 minutes to cook two pizzas for dine in. They were understaffed and seemed to be prioritizing take out orders over in restaurant orders.Best pizza in Philly. 
If you're looking for an original Italian thin crust pizza, of the likes of vetri, bufad or nomad, then meet Philly's newest best pizza. 
This place is family run and everyone is so friendly!
If you're eating in just take a seat but order at the counter. 
The burrata salad, fried pickles and all the pizzas are amazing. And the fried pizza with Nutella is oh-so-good!
You won't regret it. Eat here before this place gets hugely popular!I've been here a few times and I feel confident that this place easily has the best pizza in Fishtown. I ordered a Margherita with sausage to go and it was ready in 15 minutes and it was awesome.  You don't have to wait for hours and the staff and owner are very friendly. It's well worth taking the time to eat-in or get a take out pizza to the dome.Wow! What an awesome evening at Medusa Pizzeria! We came here with a group of 20 to celebrate my sister's 21st birthday. From beginning to end, the service was fantastic, the room was perfect, and most importantly the food was delicious! We had a great time. Thank you Medusa!I just had dinner at Medusa Pizza. The waitress I had Gianna was absolutely fabulous! Very attentive to the customer and their needs which is hard to find at a lot of establishments these days. The Mozerella Sandwhich tasted amazing along with the waffle fries! This is my go to place for Pizza and Cheese Steaks. The restaurant is very clean and spotless, management and staff seem to really care about their business. This genuine care for the business translates to a great dining experience for the customer!I genuinely have no idea what the hype is about or who is rating this place so highly.
My fiancé, her best friend, and I wanted to try this new place out when we saw an interesting menu. We were left very disappointed in the execution. The food was very mediocre and extremely expensive, the organization and systems put in place for the servers were seemingly non-existent, and the timing with which meals are delivered to a group is ludicrous.
First, we ordered downstairs and ventured upstairs to sit. The three of us ordered one of the individual pizzas and we also ordered the dessert fritta to share for afterwards. We sit down and a server brought us the wrong fritta. No problem, we simply tell him and send it back. Shortly thereafter, our friend's pizza arrived. We told her to begin eating, as we assumed our meals would be out shortly.
Roughly 15 minutes later, we finally get our dinner. Our friend, who had been nursing her pizza in order to wait for us, now had to eat the majority of her food cold. This is a massive pet peeve of mine and something that has caused me to swear off places that do the same (read: Chickie's and Pete's) all together. 
We begin to eat and soon notice a server bring up our dessert fritta. They proceed to drop the dessert at another table, who then returns it to the server, as it was not theirs. A few minutes later, we inquire about the dessert and are told, "it is coming," as the prior one was returned to the kitchen. Later, it arrives and we actually enjoyed its Nutella-filled goodness.
All-in-all, I won't return. Even if the service were impeccable, I cannot convince myself to pay $50 for two personal sized pizzas, two sodas, and a dessert. Further, each pizza was more bland than the next. The white pizza simply tasted like bread, but that may have been due to it being cold after waiting 15+ minutes for my own meal. The Bellini pizza featured more potatoes than any other topping (onions, sausage, cheese) and tasted thusly. Absolutely not worth $17. The etna pizza tasted only of the hot peppers it was topped with and did not qualify as a $16 dish, as it was extremely sparse on the meat topping.Ate a few slices and literally fire came out of my mouth every so often. There's no other way to put it, the pizza is just fire. They've been open for like 3 days and I almost had everything on their menu.We live close and have been eager to try when they finally opened. The decor is phenomenal! From the live edge wood on the front table to the gorgeous steps to the upstairs. The pizza was delicious as well. I wish we could have been seated outside as it was gorgeous out. When we walked in we had to order at the counter which was a bit annoying. They then told us to sit anywhere and they would bring our order. We still tipped since they were semi-serving us. We thought it was empty when we walked in, but when we got upstairs, the roof deck was full, and it turns out there is more seating inside upstairs. I think they underestimated how much people would want to sit outside. As the night went on, more people came upstairs to "sit and wait for an outside table" only to settle for sitting in the back room when the food arrived. The onion rings were hot and crunchy, though came with no sauce. The pizza was good, but for the price it was extremely small. Spend a few more bucks, go to Pizza Brain and forget about the scenic roof seating- you probably won't get up there anyway.We had a great evening here. The staff is so friendly and helpful. The management was superb and the food was excellent. Special shout out to Casmira, Alex, Anne and Gianna.  Would highly recommend dinner here. My wife and I look forward to bringing our family here and making it one of our favorite spots.This used to be one of our top go-to's - a fabulous casual byo with top-notch pizza. We recently hit it up only to find out it changed hands. Now, that in and of itself isn't a problem, and in fact, the place looked really nice. And, thankfully, the pizza remains exactly the same - some of the best in the city (but please bring back the sausage broccoli rabe!). But there were too many changes to warrant the Uber ride up there again for us to return.
First, the amazing arancini (one of the main reasons we went so often) is no longer on the menu. 
Second, I like the addition of the pasta dishes but the pasta needs to be more al dente and come out a bit faster. My husband was long done with his entire pizza before my pasta arrived, and we expected both of our dinners to arrive at the same time. 
Last, it's now all cash only. Who carries cash these days? The ATM in the restaurant cost us a few bucks, and while I totally understand the insane credit card fees, I'd much rather apply the ATM fee to the price of the food just to be able to use my Visa. Raise the prices a bit to make up for the fees so that the bulk of your customers are not inconvenienced by the cash only policy.Delicious wood fired pizza and it's a byob. The burrata appetizer with rosemary bread is to die for. Favorite neighborhood byo!Felt more like a circus show than a dinner. I mean I would have to try REALLY hard to give service that terrible. There were 2 other tables in the whole place when we sat down and it took almost 20min to get our drinks, I ordered rose and was brought Chardonnay. Didn't really matter though because the wine was terrible either way. Also can we talk about how this place was BYO like last week? We showed up with our own refreshments and had to settle for their shitty selection.  The food was ok, but I could have made the same stuff at home, not very exciting.  They must be paying for all of these 4 and 5 star reviews, seeing as though the place was empty on a Saturday night. Won't be making my way back there anytime soon.Best pizza and arancini since I was in Sicily!! Buratta salad is awesome. All fresh high quality ingredients. Our family is thrilled to have a place like this to go to. Bravo Medusa, we will be coming back next weekend. I vote you top Pizza in Philly       Pignataro familyThis is our favorite place to spend time and eat great food among the locals and visitors. I am so happy they opened up in our very own fishtown. I've lived here for 12 years and the expansion of greatness continues starting with Medusa. The family is so sweet and make you feel right at home. They focus on quality in their food, service and experience. Our kids 2 under 2 love it and has become a household name for us. Love it!While the servers were incredibly nice, it doesn't change the fact that our two pizzas came out to us close to an hour after we ordered, they both lacked any ounce of flavor and my pizza was even a bit cold when it came out.  I wanted to like this place because it's in a great spot, but needless to say I left feeling very disappointed.I've been here three times now and I've always had a stellar experience. The service staff are too cool. The quality of the food excellent.I'm glad I had the chance of coming here during their soft opening. This new place is beautiful and spacious, with modern decor, plenty of seating, and a terrific roof deck! 
The staff was very warm and friendly. Our server was very helpful and often checked in on us. It's very casual - we basically ordered our pizza at the counter, paid, and they gave us a wooden spoon "branded" with our assigned number. When the pizza was ready, our server brought it to us. Our pizza of choice was the Bellini, topped with sausage, scamorza, potatoes, caramelized onions, fennel seeds, and mozzarella. It was good, but maybe not the very best I've had. However, the toppings were creative and tasted fresh. 
Since it was not crowded, we got to sit at a table on the roof deck, which was amazing. Overall, great addition to an up and coming part of town!First off service was amazing . Everyone came over asking if we needed anything , if we had questions about the cheeses and asking how everything was . Secondly, the place is spotless . It was so clean and in order. Lastly , the food was great. The rice balls with the meat were heavenly . Went with two other people we each got a different pie( they are personal but def big enough to share) I got the Naxos pie and it was honestly delicious. The fries and mozz sticks were average . The deserts looked amazing but I was too stuffed to eat. Being byob just an added plus. Wish the owner nothing but success!The food and service was absolutely AWESOME! We've been going there on and off and it is gem of a place. The owner comes around all the tables and treats everyone like family! This is our most favorite pizza place, not alone in Philadelphia but the whole world. The pizza have a great wood fired flavor and if you really like pizza, go to Medusa! They make their own bread for the cheesesteaks which is so delicious If you love dessert, try the Pizza Frita it's made from fried pizza doe, Nutella, marshmallow, strawberries, and a drizzle of chocolate sauce and is able to fill a family of 5! I would give this place 6 stars if I could!I'm a big fan of Medusa!  The restaurant is brand new, clean and nice.  The upstairs and outdoor seating are also very nice.
Most importantly, the food is great!  The pizza's are perfect and there is a good variety to choose from. It's also a BYO which is an added bonus.  I had a birthday dinner here a few months ago and the staff was very friendly and accommodating.  They didn't mind that we got a little loud (as birthday parties do) and they brought us some ice for our beverages and a free dessert at the end of our meal.I ended up at Medusa Pizzeria with a group of 5, after a LONG day touring Philly.  There were tables available and street parking wasn't too bad.
We had picked Medusa based on prior Yelp reviews/pictures, but found out once we looked at the menu, that the ownership and menu had recently changed.  This was a bummer because the new menu had no arancini, calzones OR cannoli, which were the entire reason we picked it.  
We also learned that they are now cash only, so in order to continue, we had to use one of those sketchy ATM's (with fees) in the corner of the restaurant.  Not great. 
Once everything settled, we ordered a bunch of appetizers and mains from a very sweet and helfpul waitress.  Things strangely came to the table at all different times.  One appetizer, came after all others were eaten.  
Here's what we got:
Fresh mozarella app-very good, perhaps my favorite.  Huge and delicious, comes with flatbread 
Meatball app-didn't try it although everyone at that end of the table loved it
Rib app-this was the one that took forever, it was also plastered in cherry peppers.  All peppers removed, the ribs were tasty
Pizzas
Shrimp scampi-great, but no need for the deep fried lemon slices, how about just lemon, not deep fried?
Sausage-excellent
Pepperoni-great
While the pizzas were very well prepared and the food was good overall, I was really turned off by the cash only/ATM move of the new owners, as well as the lack of items available on the menu.  
It can be confusing, when looking up a restaurant on Yelp that has changed hands.  There is not always a way to note this, unless it is explicitly stated in reviews and patrons might not be getting current information.Worth the long wait for it to open. We tried the margherita pizza and the pizza fritta and were blown away. We'll definitely be back!Great food, great folks running it.  They sometimes go out of their way if they sense any disruption or possible negative outcome.  They are on top of it, and that goes a long way with me.  
Did I say the pizza was good?First off, they are no longer BYOB, which was disappointing and one of the primary reasons we chose this place.  Apparently, it is only BYOB on Tuesday.  So, they need to update that.  The pizza was good, not transcendent, but good.  Had tiramisu, which was decent.  Service was friendly enough but a bit slow even though it wasn't crowded.  It also cash only, which is kind of ridiculous.  Would actually rate it as 3.5 if I could.Place is very clean. Food was excellent. Staff A+ all the way! Classy, attentive, professional, friendly! Enjoy!We love pizza, but who the fuck doesn't. Finding awesome pizza is sometimes 
daunting. Stumbling apon a new pizza joint is like getting a unexpected handy.
As we pulled up to the very modern building I already was impressed. Love the 
style and clean lines. Inside more of the same. 
Very large and spacious. Sparklingly clean and very inviting. 
We were greeted right away by a super 
friendly woman and perused the menu. 
I noticed the mammoth wood fire oven lurking in my peripheral vision. We added sauce and pepperoni to the cheesy pie. 
I glanced around enjoying the open pizza prep area as the master 
quickly assembled the pie. Thrusting the pie into the 750° oven for a short
90 second cook time. Masterfully cooked and a decadently beautiful crust. 
All the flavors melded together in a harmoniously hippy way. 
We will most certainly be back to try the other items for sure.The pizza was exceptional. The staff friendly. Great service. It was my first time and I'll be back. I was told a new menu will be coming. The choices today we're limited. I was hungry so I did order salad, that was way overpriced. But I left full and happy.Went there tonight ..wow oh wow 
Roof deck is beyond gorgeous as is the entire restaurant.
Food was top notch ..pizzas all looked delish ..
I had burger n fries very good ..u could tell there very experienced it shows 
Omg imported canollies. sp ? from Sicily nice selection 
Place is huge..AC was cranking ..sodas were very cold ..desserts try them all ..they have a spumoni n lemon thangs ..real lemon with fulling..to die for 
Fresh ingredients  top quality 
Mr n Mrs Owners are so delightful and friendly 
Thank u both for having opening in our neighborhood 
A welcome addition ..
Service was also great ..furnishings were top quality n unique as well   
Really enjoyed myself ..its byob i think ? 
Best wishes to allfor those of you who don't know, this place is also green eggs cafe 8am-4pm! we saw the green eggs cafe sign when we passed by once but couldn't find it on yelp, thought it was weird so we came back today and we're told it's two restaurants sharing one place! 
one thing to have in mind is green eggs cafe is a cash only place, they do have an atm inside the store but they do charge you some fees if you withdraw so if you can have some cash prepared beforehand that'll make things easier! 
place is clean, simple and lots of natural lighting. food came out pretty fast and is delicious!! we got "the kitchen sink" and "creme brûlée french toast".  
the kitchen sink is a bunch of savory breakfast goodies all in a skillet. there are eggs,potatoes,sausages meat, cheese topped with gravy and biscuits.  
i loved their creme brûlée french toast a bit more to be honest, it's just the right amount of sweetness with lots of berries!!Crust is amazing. Sauce is  excellent pizza overall
Staff is great. Generous and friendly.
Great rooftop tooThere's something to be said about following traditions and taking true pride in ones craft. From the moment I walked in the door I was welcomed by the entire staff. They were beyond accommodating on all accounts. And the quality is evident in the taste. Perfectly cooked, the freshest buratta I've tasted in years. Way better than pizza brain, and from a Brooklyn native, such a refreshing change! You get what you pay for, and I would easily spend my money here again. 
5/19/17 Just when I thought it couldn't get better, they did it again! They added one of my favorite dishes to the menu while I was away, arancini. The burrata salad, is perfect on a hot day, and the panelle (fried pieces of chick pea heaven) just yum, there are no words. Thank you Medusa! 
If you guys take requests, I'd love to see what the owner/chef does with roasted artichokes! He really puts his heart in his food and he's usually on the line when I come in.Probably the best taste of Italy with Organic Tomatoes and flour shipped from Italy!  Love the pizza.. truly the best!! The atmosphere is Amazing! Very clean and organic! I cannot believe he uses organic tomatoes on his Margherita pizza!! You could taste the difference. Definitely coming back!You can feel the expertise of the owners, staff, and chefs the moment you walk in to Medusa.  The tables are neatly arranged, the lighting is bright, the napkin and spice containers on the table are stylish, and the patrons have a great view of the pizza oven.
I shared the Bellini wood-fired pizza and the arancini with my boyfriend and we were very satisfied and taken by the quality of the ingredients.  Fresh.  Crisp crust.  Delicious.  I would recommend trying the arancini just to have a taste of the incredible marinara sauce!
The service is fast and the staff is knowledgeable about the food.  We learned about 'pizza fritta' and wood-fired pizzas from a very friendly hostess.  I love the order at the counter format.
We ended up going a second time in the evening for desserts to go! Definitely don't leave Medusa without a cannoli.Located in the heart of Fishtown this is not your typical pizza shop.  The décor alone makes it a cozy, modern café that is BYOB.  We had a large party of 12 and made reservations although it was not slammed for a Saturday evening.  Our waitress was very good but the only issue was they brought out each pizza one at a time as they were ready.  There was about 15 minutes some people had to wait for their pizza while others were eating.  The pizzas range from $14-$18 dollars and have about 8 small slices (if you are hungry you could easily eat one by yourself). They have a ton of options and my favorite was the buffalo pizza slathered with hot buffalo sauce.  I also liked the margarita pizza which is your basic tomato, mozzarella pizza. We started with the pear salad which had a ton of fresh ingredients. You must save room for dessert and the dessert Stromboli is to die for.  It is cooked dough spread with nutella and a cannoli filling all served warm-yum!!Ordered the pesto pizza from here, very little flavor and it was burnt on the bottom. any flavor there might have been was masked by the burnt flavor. 
Extremely strange vibe in there. The delivery/computer system kind of made things run less smoothly then actual communication. I paid 16 dollars for my pizza and the woman told me it would be a minute, I then watched my pizza be prepared, get placed in a box and put on top of an oven for a about 5 minutes until someone realized it was mine. 
Definitely won't go backFriday night pizza night taken to a whole new level. Burrata salad was amazing. I would come back just to get that again.  The Naxos pizza with prosciutto was delicious. Light and airy crust. Best part was eating on the rooftop deck plus it's BYOB. A great addition to Fishtown!Awsome pizza great design little pricey for the size pizza (we had the fungi) but it's so good. We also ordered the burger and fries combo that was very reasonable so it probably balances it self out price wise. One draw back is the order and pay system then if you decide to get desert and coffee you need to walk down stairs and to order and pay and walk back up to get served seem to awkward. So I had no coffee with the Awsome complimentary mini cannoli I hope they change that aspect of the experience.Besides being kid friendly and spacious, the place is very comfortable. The owners are so friendly and passionate about their food. I seriously think this is the best pizza in Philadelphia. Haven't had pizza this tasty and authentic in a long time here. I can't wait to eat upstairs on the terrace.Among the best margherita pizzas we've ever had. Right up there with Vetri and Nomad. Fresh, high quality ingredients were obvious with every bite. Loved that the crust was more crispy than a traditional Neapolitan pie. Burrata salad was also outstanding. The space is quite large and very clean with very good soundproofing. Staff is very pleasant and attentive.  Overall, we had a great experience at Medusa. Can't wait to come back and sit out on their rooftop deck.Beautiful, clean, friendly and just amzing food i had the waffle fries and they were so fresh and even tasted handcut. The Pizza was perfect, it came well done like i asked and was exquisite. The roof deck is quite a nice place to enjoy some amazing food.Food was superb, I highly recommend the Buffalo chicken pizza as well as the Naxos pizza. The place itself is beautiful, if the weather is nice enough make sure to check out the rooftop seating. If you're in the mood for some good pizza you should definitely check out Medusa's, you can even make a stop down the street and pick up a 6 pack (BYOB) if you wanna kick back and enjoy a cold one with your dinner.Ordered in by using UberEATS. The delivery was set up well because the map shows you the ETA just like the ordinary Uber. Food came and was amazing, just how Italians like it! Pizzas are personal size, light and fresh! Margarita was my favorite, along with the flatbread in oil. Can't wait to dine in on the roof deck soon!We went there Sunday evening and their pizza rock! It's BYOB but we came prepared with a 6-pack of Yuengling so that wasn't a problem. With three adults and a teenager we did the white, funghi and the margherita.  All were excellent but the hit was the margherita.  The staff was super friendly and other than Fishtown being a little off the beaten path, I have nothing but positive comments about this pizzeria - it were some excellent pie!Wow!  Isn't it cool to discover a totally new great place to eat?  This is how I feel about Medusa's Pizzeria in Fishtown.  I liked everything about it.  This Sicilian inspired eatery with an artistic wood-burning oven is the real deal.  The owners and staff are super friendly and you can tell from interacting with them they take great pride in the food and where they work.  It looks wonderful ... and there's even a rooftop deck with indoor and outdoor eating areas.  And then there's the food.  On the recommendation of a couple of friends I opted for the Pizza Fritta.  Great choice as it was totally tasty.  The dough was so light and airy!  You can have this mega-delicious concoction in original style or you can add some fillings to it.  Being Sicilian, of course they have arancini.  You won't find better Sicilian rice balls than these in Philly.  And while it's not on the menu, if they have any on hand and you can order the Sicilian Fico d'India (Cactus pear or more commonly called prickly pear in English), do it.  It ends a meal perfectly.  But there are also many other Dolci (sweets) and deserts as well. And did I mention this is a BYOB?
Medusa's is more than just a local pizzeria, it is a destination one as there is ample seating and street parking to complement the good food and friendly service.  And the York Street corridor is quickly becoming a food Mecca with Martha, Jovan's Place, Mugshot Diner, Coffeehouse Too, and now Medusa's.  I'm impressed!Everything tasted great! Would go back to gobble down pizzas again! Also BYO which is a huge plus!I live in the area and have walked by before they opened and I've always wondered what kind of establishment it would be. I came here with family for dinner and I was pleased at what has opened here! The space is nice and open with an industrial feel and the open kitchen overlooking the downstairs dining area. There's seating upstairs as well as additional restrooms, which is convenient. The upstairs dining also opens up to the roof deck, which is where we opted to have our dinner. Our group shared the Pizza Fritta, Arancini, a Margherita pie and an Etna pie. The Pizza Fritta and Arancini were surprisingly big, but very good. The Margherita was good as well, I didn't partake in the Etna as it was too spicy for me. The employees were kind and attentive. Bottom line, a nice addition to the neighborhood and I hope to return soon!My favorite thing is the cannoli. I've had cannolis from a lot of different places but the way their filling is made is perfect. Sweet but not too sweet. Most other places is always one or the other. Also the cheesesteak is amazing coming from a south philly girl. Literally every bite I took I kept saying omg this is so good lol. The onion rings -awesome. The best I'd have to say is the staff. The owner is so friendly. I have never felt so comfortable at any restaurant before. I've never yelped before but I love this place. I know it's new so I need to give them some support. Love you guys!!What can I say.. I love pizza and this was just a ordinary pizza you can get anywhere.. Nothing special if you know what I mean.. I had to try it and I did, I just wouldn't try it again. No WOW factor hereThe owners are great. I love their pizza. It have lived in Italy and this food is up to par. It is my favorite new place.How can you go wrong with a sparkling new Pizza restaurant built from the ground up that has two ovens. Medusa Pizza in Fishtown is a BYOB that serves up Sicilian style wood-fired Pizzas. These are not to be confused with their thinner Neapolitan style cousins and these are not the square or rectangular pies you think of when you hear Sicilian Pizza. The Sicilian style pies at Medusa are round and a bit firmer then the Neapolitan style. The key difference is you don't need a fork and knife for Sicilian style like you do for Neapolitan.
Medusa is owned by the Villico family who have been in the Pizza business for some time. They have three other restaurants in Center City including Joe's Pizza, Ciao and Margherita.  Medusa is a large open modern space with high ceilings, a second floor seating area and a roof top deck for warm weather dining. The service and staff are super friendly and the owner Casimira Villico is always on hand to ensure your dining experience is enjoyable. Orders are taken and paid for at the counter. You are given a wooden spoon with your order number to place standing on your table. The staff uses the Spoon number for table delivery of your order when it is ready.
One of my favorites is the Naxos pie, which features arugula, cherry tomatoes, fresh burrata, olive oil and parmigiano. Be sure to add the freshly sliced prosciutto. Another don't miss menu choice is the pizza fritta, it is a deep-fried turnover that comes with your choice of fillings. It is similar to a panzerotti in looks, but these are larger and fluffier with a taste to die for.
To round out and finish your meal, I highly suggest the Sicilian Cannoli shipped in from Italy, and a nice espresso. There is plenty of street parking available in the area and don't forget to bring your favorite  wine or beer to compliment your meal.This place instantly became my go to when I'm craving wood fired pizza.  My usual?...the Olivieri.  It's the Philly cheesesteak of pizza's.  Sliced rib eye, sautéed onions, American cheese, mozzarella and topped off with pickled cherry peppers.  The twist?...It's wood fired on pizza dough.  The apps I order to prelude this star are the fresh Artisan Mozzarella and the perfectly cooked, perfectly seasoned Wood Fired Ribs...a must try the first go around!Cute place for the neighborhood, I get its brick oven pizza but the bottom of my pizza was entirely way too burnt. Not a good taste at all. Thing is not only did I dislike the overly burnt pizza but it was $17 and some change. I am ok with spending money on quality food but it wasn't a good portion for the money they charged and to top it off it was a bad taste of burnt toast ? I'll stick to Key Pizza's $2.00 slices that are about the same size.The pizza was so delicious, and the Italian bread (I think it was called). Definitely a cool spot to check out if you're in the area. We sat on the rooftop deck, which was great! Would receive five stars if there were soda refills (it's about $3 for soda and refills cost extra, that's so dumb). It also only accepts cash, though there is an atm in the restaurant. I think we'll go back, but it is on the pricey side in my opinion. Definitely overpriced, but that's to be expected for the area it's inFinally open! Comparable to Pizza Brain in size and complexity of menu items. Prices ranges from 12-18 so it's cheaper than pizza brain but equally good in flavor. Roof deck is awesome and the design of the place fits into the new developments surrounding the area...must try!This place is AMA5ING! Real good Italian pizza. The prosciutto was by far my favorite. The cannoli was also phenomenal and the customer service outstanding. Such a nice and down to earth place. Grazie mile!This is easily the best place in the city to have a party! Having been here for a baby shower, I figured it was the perfect place for a Birthday party!! The food is so amazing, and some of it is imported from Italy! And the salads are soooooooo yummy !! I would recommend the pizza fritta (OMG!!!) The upstairs is perfect to rent out for a few hours. Casimira and her staff are absolutely lovely and very accommodating! They make it very easy to figure what you want as you go. There is an outdoor patio upstairs that adds a nice variation to the party dynamic. And since it is BYOB, it made it very easy to bring what everyone wanted to drink. I would highly recommend it!!!!!!!!!MEDUSA = Sicilian wood fired pizza perfection. This place makes you feel welcome, from the ever so gracious lady working behind the counter to the option of bringing your own alcohol (BYOB) and not being rushed to place your order.
When you leave here not only with your belly be full but you will feel like you are one with the Medusa family.
Za suggestions - Mario, Funghi and Pesto MADDONE!
Don't forget to "take the cannoli" as one of your dessert options.AMAZING FOOD. best brick oven pizza ever! highly recommend. 
The restaurant itself is beautiful as well! love itThis place has been under construction since before I moved to the neighborhood in October of 2014. I never thought it would actually open so I was very pleased when it finally did earlier this summer. The pizzas are personal size, Neapolitan style. And truly delicious! If this place were open in my hometown of Washington DC, lines would be out the door and totally packed. But being in such a great food city I imagine this is somewhere in the middle for great philly food. 
I was really happy with this place and it may be my new favorite pizza in the lower northeast of the city.Food is on point. It's not what you would expect from the decor. I give them mass props for making it a green eggs and then Medusa at night, makes perfect sense. Ok. Back to the food. AMAZING!! Pizza delicious! Had the four cheese, ate leftovers with delight!  Please don't skip the pastas. The pork Ragu is fantastic. Light sauce, amazing slow cooked pork. Carbonara, some of the best I've had. With that said, the ONLY reason my husband and I hesitate coming is the atmosphere and decor. Hey, that's important. We LOVE the food but it's not a dinner feel. Maybe too spread out, lack of pictures, bright lights, I don't know?!?  I can't put my finger on it. If they can do anything to make it have a different feel at night, my husband and I would probably be here every week. We crave the pasta!Took way too long to be seated into a half empty dining room, nobody offered wine glasses for BYOB after sitting there for 10 minutes, overall just careless and  slow service, and just probably not enough servers to provide quality service unfortunately.The pizza is okay but it's easily the worst value for pizza in the city. Expect to spend a ton for basically a CPK pizza.Great place! Well done! Beautiful! Nice people and tasty food! Tried the Strawberry Salad and the Margherita Pizza and another with mushrooms and some veg. Delicious! and the Cappucino dessert and the Lemon Sorbet were so yummy! Love this place!The wood fired pizza is delicious, the deep fried pizza is awesome and the arancini balls are super good. A little expensive but a great BYOB! The roof top deck is a great place to sit and eat!If you like traditional Italian pizza, this is it.  Cooked in a Neapolitan style oven and excellent.  It is not Neapolitan, though it is easy to mistake as most people associate Sicily with square pizza (I know I do).  The staff and owners are super friendly, and while the pizza took a small wait to be ready, the food is worth waiting for!