Took way too long for the poor quality food to come out  and they messed up our checks multiple times/ took way too long to process them. Ended up being there for over two hours with an experience that was extremely unsatisfactory. Would not recommend.Went with my friends and we all ended up waiting an hour and a half for our food just for it to be mediocre. Took way too long to get our checks and they also got our checks wrong initially so we had to wait even longer. Overall not a good experience at all, will not be coming back again. Please do betterOld city is not my usual go to, but I will absolutely be coming back here. Killer vibe, amazing food, and great service. After dinner be sure to ask about the lounge downstairs if your up for it.Mei Mei opened days before the first COVID lockdown, which delayed our ability to visit, but I'm glad we finally got to go! Overall, the experience was excellent! All of our food was pretty solid, the cocktails were good, the atmosphere is really nice, and the service was wonderful!
You can tell that Mei Mei has the club scene in mind, so it will be very interesting to see how the food holds up  (we don't club, but we DO eat!) once that evolution is able to take hold, but it's a beautiful space.
The food was good. I wouldn't say it was groundbreaking, but it was good enough that we would return and eat again if we're craving similar dishes! The orange chicken was fine, albeit a little overdone, so there was that slight burnt orange flavor. I would order again, though, because I'm a sucker for this dish, and I think it'll be better next time! The chicken & broccoli was definitely the standout of the two main dishes we tried, though! A perfect, simple chicken & broccoli. The pork bao buns were good and quite large. Overall, everything was fairly-priced, nicely presented, and generous portions.
Ultimately, Mei Mei will be a place we definitely lean towards when we're craving this type of cuisine (even if another lockdown looks like we'll only be ordering takeout for a while). Regardless, the service was the highlight, and it was so positive that it'll guarantee our return!I looked forward to trying this restaurant as it is a fairly new one in philly. The inside is dark, giving off a nice club like feeling. We were seated by the window so it was a good in-between of sunlight and dark space. The ambience is nice for people wanting a darker space but not overly fancy.
The food was okay. Both the shrimp bao buns and the black pepper beef were good, but not great. The quality could have been better for the price of the dishes - I definitely felt like I could find  better versions of those dishes at a lower price. The complimentary fried wontons are a nice touch, but they didn't really make up for the price of the entrees. 
The staff were friendly and checked up on us periodically. 
Overall, the ambience was nice but the food wasn't at the level that would make this a go to Taiwanese cuisine spot for me.I came here after a long day and I am so glad I did. The food was so tasty, I especially loved the Lo Mein noodles. The environment was really cute too I would even come here for a first date. My server Jule was so nice to me and made sure I had everything I needed from beginning until the end. She made my experience here really special. I will be ordering take out and dining in again in the near future.The food is absolutely fantastic. Great dumplings. The ribs are a great cut of meat. and the entrees will give you a hearty portion you'll probably need to take some home. The back bar has a great selection and the bartenders can shake a good drink.Came here for an after dinner drink and I will say service here was amazing! My boyfriend ordered some LoMein noodles with chicken which were good, my cousin and I had cocktails which were ok, nothing too exciting. 
Bad: whenever it was time to pay the bill the server took exceptionally long to charge the card and bring it back to us we had to have waited at least 10-15 min and it was near closing so that was kind of annoying.We came here on a Tuesday for a birthday and they treated us very well. They took really good care of us. We ordered a lot of dishes. The spare ribs were amazing. I love how it fell off the bone. The dumplings with the sauce were so good. I really like the bao buns, both the shrimp and the pork. I like the pork one better and love how juicy it is. The chow fun was good. The black pepper beef was really good! I loved the salt and pepper shrimp so much. It was nice and crispy. The pepper gave it a nice kick. The chinatown came out last and it was good, but I was so stuffed from the other food. I love the atmosphere of the place and the looks of it. The cherry blossom touch is beautiful.Excellent dining experience!  Highly recommend the spare ribs and pan seared scallops.  Best Lo Mein in the city!  Great service, too!  Make this spot your next destination.Where to start. The cocktails were amazing and the food was SO good! Our waiter, Daniel, was the best!! He made our night and recommends some great drinks! Would come back just to have him as our waiter again. Overall great vibes, great food and a great waiter makes for an amazing night! 10/10 would recommend.I came here on the 2nd night it opened and it was amazing!! First off, the interior design was unique and beautiful. The restaurant is spacious and I loved how everything was set up. The food was great too - tasty and authentic! You also get good sized portions too (I ordered way too much food), which is rare in Old City. I cannot wait to go back and have my friends try it out!We came to Philly on a much-needed girl's trip & fell in love with Mei Mei.  We all agreed we would fly back to Philly to simply come to this restaurant again.  If you can manage to get a seat at the bar - this is where you want to be.  The bartenders are so much fun & amazingly talented at crafting the most delicious cocktails we have ever had.  We cannot say enough about Elijah & Jason; best bartenders EVER. We will never forget you fellas!  Thank you for making this crew of Oklahoma girls very happy! If you like ginger - the ginger daiquiri is the best drink I have ever had, 100%.  The lavender cocktail is another one of the best cocktails of all time.  The food is not only delicious, but also a work of art; highly recommend the Mei Mei fried rice, Kung Pao Chicken, & the dumplings.  We enjoyed everything about Mei Mei & cannot rave about it enough.I really like the food the place was very nice and clean. They are professional and they have a great selection of food I will surly come again it was a VIBE PLUS FREE Won Ton Strips W Duck Sauce was DELICIOUSFirst and last time here. A friend recommended this place and at first glance it looked nice. 
We were greeted and seated immediately. 
The menu wasn't big so we knew what we wanted to try. 
We ordered some apps and drinks. The apps came out fairly quick but our drinks were still not at the table. We were basically done with our apps when the drinks finally came. 
The shrimp Bao buns was good but spicy so if you're not a fan of spice I would stir clear. The shrimp skewers was decent.. nothing special. 
The peach margaritas didn't taste like peach at all - more like regular margaritas. Which was fine but I wish they would have came back and told us they didn't have the ingredients to make it instead of just giving us regular margaritas and hope we didn't know. 
The server then came back to take our entrees - the scallops was really salty. The Kung pao (beef and shrimp) was really tasty!!
Our server was not attentive at all until it was time to pay. Then he came back really quick.. 
Overall , it was a below average experience.Came here late Saturday evening. The entire street was blocked for outdoor dining. It was really fun experience. 
Good thing is that they have really good happy hour menu. We ordered their off-HH menu cocktails since they had only 3 options in HH menu. The drinks were perfectly balanced in alcohol and tasted well to our liking.  We ordered egg rolls, bao bun, wings and ribs. All the food was good.No complaints. They gave us complementary nachos for the table which were nice and crispy. Our server was prompt and courteous. 
One thing they can do to improve outdoor experience is have some music outside. The indoor music was really nice and would be great to have the same music outdoors.
Overall, nice place. I recommend you try them when in old city.I came here for a date night with friends and we really enjoyed our overall experience.
FOOD - was great! Highly recommend the Shrimp Boa Buns & Spring Rolls (both not pictured because they were SO good) and the General Tso Chicken! Even the rice was super tasty. I also really enjoyed the Ginger Daquari.
The only down side, we went on a Saturday and they had a DJ. The music was SOOOO loud and the DJ walked away for about 90 mins. At one point this REALLY loud song came on and everyone in the restaurant was so confused. Since the DJ wasn't at his post, we had to wait for management to turn the in-house speakers down. 
Other than that, beautiful place.We ordered several items. The only thing I really Enjoyed was the shrimp tempura roll. We did not get all of the food we ordered. Which is why I took a star off.Mei Mei was a solid 4 stars. The appetizers were great-we got the spring rolls and the Bao buns (first time having those and they were tasty). We then got the lamb and general tsos chicken for our entrees. My bf wasn't too impressed with the lamb, but the general tsos chicken was very good. The ambience of Mei Mei is incredible and it's a perfect place to go for a date night. If you are going when it's still light outside, I would definitely request being seated in the back. Otherwise, you won't get the full vibe experience due to the outdoor lighting coming through the windows. We also had to wait a while for our entrees but they did apologize for the wait and took our drinks off the bill which we appreciated. Overall, the food is great, the vibe is amazing, and they have very friendly staff!The drinks are amazing. Food was mediocre but the fact that the AC was broken really ruined the experience. It's 90 degrees outside and we are dying. Honestly- we went because we saw it on Instagram but this is def a one and done. I never write bad reviews... but this was so bad that I had to write it.I love Mei Mei! You need to go to Mei Mei! Music is great, food is great, ambiance = awesome!  I had a lot of fun here. It was more than just food - it was an experience. I am still  dreaming about the Crispy Shrimp Bao Buns. They were sooo gooood! Ugh I need to get back there immediately before we go back on lockdownThis place gets a solid 4 stars for an Asian fusion resturant. I was only annoyed that they have a 90 minute seating time limit on a Tuesday night when I came, but this apparently didn't exist or they didn't feel the need to convert this on a Thursday night when I came back and brought friends.
The food here was great overall. My friends and I started off getting the Korean Fried Chicken, Pork Bao Buns, Spare Ribs, and Pan Seared Dumplings. Ribs were perfect, as they were fall off the bone tender. Enjoyed the bao buns and dumplings. I wouldn't order the Korean Fried Chicken again. It's a very dim comparison to the real thing. This was more like shredded chicken strip covered in spicy sauce. Didn't hit the spot. 
For entrees we got the Mei Mei Fried Rice, Pan Seared Duck, and Sesame Chicken. Mei Mei Fried  Rice was tasty. We added chicken to it. They gave just enough. I also loved that this dish is topped with Pork Floss. Adds to the flavor and texture. (Or maybe I'm nostalgic of my childhood. Haha.) The duck was reccommend as medium. Flavoring was there, definitely more American than Asian here though. My one friend loved the sesame cashew crumbled it came with. Practically licked the plate clean of it. We didn't like the Sesame Chicken. But, we weren't very surprised that this turned out to be very generic. 
For drinks, do order the Ginger Daquari or the Lychee Gimlet. The Lavender Empress lives up to its name, you can spell and taste the lavender in it and it's huge. Forego the Flying Ox unless you want  pictures for the gram or like something sugary sweet.i have to be completely honest, for the price we all paid, this was some of the most mediocre food i've ever had. for some food you can easily eat and enjoy with BETTER quality at your local chinese restaurant, this glorified joint just does not compare. we couldn't have our own separate checks which is ridiculous to begin with, and overall i recommend going to another restaurant if you want a girl's night out lol. the ambiance was nice though i guess .This review is only for the bar and the drinks. We stopped by on our way to dinner. It's so beautiful inside and the atmosphere was very welcoming. 
We ordered the Christmas special drinks, it was so delicious. The shots and drinks all came to us very quickly and the bartender was very attentive to our requests. 
I can't wait to come back to grab some more drinks and try the food!Incredible food and the nicest people working here! Can't wait for them to open up the inside, because it is amazing! Rashid makes fantastic cocktails and is a fantastic human being!!! Come try this place! You will not be disappointed!A group of friends and I had dinner at Mei Mei on Wednesday in celebration of a birthday. We were able to take advantage of the happy hour deals which includes apps, beer, or wine for $5 and 2 cocktails for $6. We ended up ordering 2 of each of the apps which was so much food for the price. We ended up ordering a bunch of plates to share. The bill was surprisingly low when we paid out. The ambiance was great and our waiter was super friendly. The only thing I would say is we couldn't tell any difference between the sesame chicken and general Tso's chicken. Would definitely go back for dinner on a Friday and then hop next door to Jj bootleggers.Nowhere on the continent of Asia is the food this bland..don't worry Mei Mei has that covered.  The Korean fried chicken bites got an A for texture and a D for taste.  I'm not sure how you can cover something in sauce and it still be dry and flavorless? 
The setup is super cute online but in person it falls flat.  We were seated in a dirty table in a very claustrophobic section near the front window.  You can literally reach out and touch your neighbor.  We asked to be relocated and were moved to the rear which was cleaner and less like you were dining in an elevator.  Best thing about this meal was the free won ton strips.  There's just so many great, authentic options in the city and this one doesn't compare.This place has pretty drinks and vibe that will satisfy the Instagram feed but the stomach, not so much. Tried a few things off of their menu and I would say it's not worth it.
My friends and I ordered the shrimp bao, chicken bites, ribs and the 4 petite desserts (no picture) to share and I had the kung pow chicken. The food was not bad but it was also nothing special for it to cost as much as it does. The best tasting of the food was the shrimp bao. If you're looking for a good Asian food place, go to Chinatown. 
If you're looking for good food I'd say skip this place but if you're looking for a place to drink with a vibe -- go for it.
I do have to say service we received that night was amazing from the moment we entered the front door the moment we left.So glad they opened back up. The food is really high quality. I love the bai pork buns and orange chicken. Highly recommend!The inside is gorgeous ! Went for happy hour and tried all the $5 appetizers which were delicious! The drinks were good too. 10/10 recommendA solid 4 stars. I really liked the ambiance most of all, and thought it had a nice mood to it. It would work great for a birthday dinner (which was why we were there) or a date night. The longer happy hour on a weekend was also a plus. They run appetizer and drink specials until 7pm during that time.  I took advantage of the pear margarita, and it was heavier on the alcohol than I expected, but was decent. I also sampled the pork egg rolls, and I have to say, they were delicious. Not chewy and the meat didn't even really taste like pork to me. For an entrée, I had the crispy shrimp bao buns and they were definitely delicious. There were only 3, but paired with the apps, I was full by the end of dinner. Others at the table seemed to enjoy their food, as well (even the one Vegan among us), which was a plus. 
Now for some things that weren't so great. One thing that kind of left a bad taste is, before we were even greeted by our server, we were told about the time limit on the table. And also informed a large group would be coming behind us within an hour in a half. OK, got it! I already find the limit to be somewhat off-putting, but the reminder to hurry it up before we even got the menu, left a bit of a sour taste in my mouth. Now, full disclosure-- we were running late.  Anyone who has ever parked in Old City has to know that it is a challenge to get around in that area any time after 5pm on the weekend. We were thankful our reservation was held. But at the same time, I just wish a timer wasn't on our experience.  As a restaurant patron, you want to socialize, enjoy the scenery, allow your food to digest, and not feel rushed. Also, we were brought someone else's order twice. It's not a big deal, really. But it just seemed like the communication on the floor seemed a bit off. Lastly, it's a bit noisy and I did find myself having to yell a little to communicate. 
Overall, I would return.Amazing food and service! So much flavor and the atmosphere itself is 5/5. Rolando was our server and EXCEEDED our expectations. Thank you! We will be back :)Went for my birthday..slow service, felt ignored, waited a half hour for our table with a reservation. Food tastes like the frozen Asian food at the grocery store. It's a no for me anywayPlease stay home and save your money. The first and last time at this place. We arrived for our 9pm reservation on Saturday evening, and waited 30 minutes for our table when we were told we would only have a 90 minute time frame at our table (2 hour limit per table). We sat down, ordered our drinks and appetizers and food all at the same time. Well let me tell you, the food came out at different times. Several of us got our entrees before our appetizers, someone watched and waited for their beer to come out and by the time they got it, it was warm. The food was flavorless and cold. 0/10 would not recommend. 
This definitely caters to people who have little to no definition of flavor or taste. Oh, and the music was horrible!I can't decide if I love the atmosphere or food more! I had the scallops which were amazing and the yuzu aioli was perfect. I've never had a Bao bun but the pork Bao bun was flavorful but a little sweet. 
To drink I had the Asian Pear Margarita and I liked it not too sweet and comes with an Asian pear garnish. 
The orange chicken I don't have a pic only did a video but it was the most underwhelming tasting like some of the "better" Chinese corner spots. 
The Mei Mei fried rice was my second fave of the night. The chicken has crispy skin plus the Taiwanese sausage in the fried rice was so good not spicy but actually a little sweet. I took the rice as leftovers for work the next day and it was even better the next day  (love meals that can still be lunch and taste good reheated.) Lastly, there's a DJ weekend nights only I think but it gave it a nice lounge feel. I am definitely returningHi all! I just wanted to say I just had a wonderful experience at Mei Mei, of course it was outdoor seating and me and my daughter arrived just a tad bit before they opened but we were seated gracefully by Rashid (sp?) who is the bartender and shortly thereafter greeted by Hailey, who brought us out ice water and was ready to take our order right away as we knew what we wanted, the food was great, the staff wonderful, and it was a good send off for my baby who's moving back to Pittsburgh this week! Kudos -TammyExactly what we wanted after a long day. The space at Mei Mei isn't only gorgeous, it's also tasty as heck and our service was exceptional, too. This review now encompasses another visit. 
Mei Mei had the misfortune of opening just before the pandemic, but you wouldn't know it based on the experience they provided. One would think that it was a pretty well oiled machine that has been in the neighborhood for some time. 
We had an app (pork baos - yum!) and two standard dishes - orange chicken and one of my favorite go to dishes, chicken and broccoli (I know it's basic but not everywhere can do it to my standards - and they did). The next visit included some different drinks, the pork belly baos (again), shrimp baos, Korean fried chicken bites (tasty and spicy), and entrees (I had to stick with my usual here and it didn't disappoint). 
I am looking forward to a day when these crazy times are behind us so that Mei Mei can achieve its full potential. The vibe is one that will be able to accommodate a pretty diverse customer base - whether younger or older, and no matter what your goal for a night out - those who want takeout, dinner/dinner and drinks, cocktails and/or snacks, or even more of later night life crowd. I really enjoyed the vibe and see how it will appeal to many!Great ambience! Good for occasions or a beautiful place to dress up, go eat and catch up with friendsThis is the first time I did the nye "deal" where it was $100 for open bar which consisted of Woodbridge wine and no champagne. They only gave champagne to the people who payed $50 extra for a table and a bottle of champagne. When I ordered a vodka cran it was straight cranberry juice. There also was barely any food that was passed around. I used to come here for happy hour all the time but after being ripped off like that- Me and my friends won't be returning. There was plenty other restaurants that also had the open bar deal but with top shelf liquor. The only white wine they had was Woodbridge Chardonnay. Will not be going back after that they should be ashamed.Mediocre Chinese food that is overpriced, and bland. Our waiter was polite and checked in often, which I appreciated. However, in the middle of our meal, the hostess sat a couple down to the table next to us, only about 2 ft away- breaking the social distancing guidelines. My boyfriend and I felt very unsafe, and the hostess only asked the couple if they felt unsafe sitting too close and did not acknowledge our table or the table on the other side. My boyfriend and I quickly asked for our check since we felt unsafe being so close to the next table. Safe to say I will not be coming back again.This was my first time trying this restaurant and I absolutely loved it! Perfect place for a girls night or date night. My girlfriends and I went on a Friday night around 7 pm and we had a reservation which definitely made it a lot more seamless. The ambience and aesthetic is amazing, loved the decor and low lights. We sat near the dj who played a perfect mix of r&b, hip hop & pop mixes. 
I ordered the lavender empress cocktail which was really refreshing and a decent sized cocktail. wish I would've taken pictures of the good we ordered but it was so good that it was all gone before I thought to take some. We ordered the following appetizers: shrimp bar buns (delicious and came topped with a tastey spicey sauce), Korean fried chicken, and shrimp dumplings (also a favorite at our table). For dinner we had: pan seared duck (deliciously seasoned and perfectly cooked), old city + shrimp & chicken and my absolute favorite the pan seared salmon. The salmon is cooked in a sweet sauce and served on a bed of asparagus and carrot purée. 
I will definitely be back!!Such a cute vibe ! Went here for dinner and really enjoyed myself. reservations are a must as this restaurant books up quickly. The restaurant also have a nice intimate lounge in the downstairs area. The chicken Fried rice  was my favorite. The food was so good we don't get any pics lolIf your looking for dinner with your girls skip this place . They were out of the drink we wanted because there was no "spice" lol. Then we were offered a spicy margarita for a replacement. The drink was mediocre and not spicy in the slightest. Come to find that we paid 180$ for these margaritas that were made with espolon/casamigos. Go have fun somewhere else, respectfullyFirst time visiting this establishment.  From the outside, the layout is deceiving until you walk in.  It is very nice!  Nice atmosphere and ambiance.  Very nice for many different things: a cocktail, dinner or hosting a party.  This place has it!
As far as the food, I had the Fried Rice and was blown away as to how it was prepared.  I didn't think to take any pictures, just too busy eating it.  Very well done and different from what I was used to.  Adding shrimp to the order made it even more amazing, if that was possible!  I highly recommend it.
I will make it a "go to" place as I travel to Philly often.  Great staff (Jack, Mgr) and service!  This is a can't miss spot!Me and a couple friends tried Mei Mei while visiting Philly.  We decided the get a variety of items and taste test.  We really enjoyed everything.  Loved the mei mei fried rice.  And the service was wonderful.The food was great! Unfortunately they didn't have hot sauce but they did had chili sauceAhhhh! The best Taiwanese food, hands down! The general Taos and the fried rice and edamame were tooooo die for! You can taste the flavor in every bite and it's a blast of flavor! The drinks and even the big fortune cookie for dessert is worth it! Def a cute date night and birthday dinner place. The wait, was unnecessarily long and even though we had ressy at 9 pm we didn't get seated until like 10:15ish so that was the only downside to the experience but the food made up for the wait!I was so excited to come to Mei Mei! Really cute inside, the staff were all so nice, drinks were good and good was good. We ordered a bunch of shareable apps. 
I throughly enjoyed everything. The crispy shrimp bao buns were really spicy. I love spice but if that's not your thing, don't order this. I'll def be back!From the live DJ to strong drinks and delicious food it is a 10 out of 10!
Visited with a friend for a fun girls night and it did not disappoint. Parking at the corner as well as across the street made it a easy visit w/o all the Center City hassle.Horrible service , waited over an hour for food that should took 25/30 min probably won't be coming back. what a waste of time.Had the pleasure of dining at this hidden gem. Pretty busy family friendly spot. The table ordered: Veggie Rolls, Street Fried Rice, Salmon and General Tsos Chicken. Portion sizes were very good and filling. Customer Service was good. I will say, pay attention to new tables when assigned and don't forget about them. Ambience was nice. Not sure if I'd be back as I have so many more amazing places to try. But, you be sure to give it a try and let me know how you enjoyed your experience.Pork Bao buns and Korean fried chicken - YUM!! 
Kung Pao - not so much. I don't know much about Taiwanese food but pretty much everything on the menu was on the sweet side and I am more of a savory person. 
Cocktails - Ti Ying is pretty good!
Dessert - Out of this world amazing! I had the petit fours which is an assortment of four different desserts - SO delicious! 
Next time I am in the area, I am coming for you Pork bao buns and petit fours!I wonder why this place is fairly highly regarded. It's hard to believe that they have the audacity to call themselves a Taiwanese restaurant when it really just tastes like a watered down Americanized Asian restaurant. The Korean chicken bites were a big letdown. I also ordered $18 general tsos chicken; the corner store Chinese takeout places have better and cheaper general tsos! There were some perks to Mei Mei though. Very good bar service, out-of-this-world drinks, beautiful decor (but not authentically Asian at all). I guess it's more accurate to call this a fusion Asian restaurant, but regardless, the food sucks here. Would definitely come back for the drinks though, but the food let me down.The ambiance here is definitely a similar vibe from Sampan. The food is good and the music is good. As for COVID guidelines, I came before indoor dining was banned. However, at the time distancing was great from other tables. 
My friends and I enjoyed the music and the manager shared with us the playlist he used. I'd definitely say that service here is great as well as the food!This place has seriously delicious food. Everything I've had so far was spectacular particularly the General Tso's Chicken and fried rice. Really cool vibes inside the restaurant and I'd even recommend taking out or ordering delivery if you can't dine-in.I love mei mei hard 
Best bartenders-- and the food! 
Very delicious*
* Mei mei is good for celebrations big and small. Life is a celebration! If you want pics with the flowered, get a seat in the back or front. Bar & booth are not where you get the instaglamourMy group and I had an amazing time! We had Jess as our waitress and she was a delight! Great energy, atmosphere, and food! Will definitely come back!Was very excited to try this place out with my boyfriend last night but we left disappointed.
1. The food price was more on the upscale side but poor quality. Everything that we ordered was mainly chicken and very dry chicken at that. 
2. Service was mediocre and we were very surprised to see the manager drop off our entrees in a very crowded small table... WITH all of our appetizers on the table and some not even touched. Not the experience we want when we're paying $15 - $21 for small appetizers. On top of that, No one ever came to ask us how our experience was, only if we wanted to order more. 
3. The drinks were incredibly sweet and over priced. 
**The scallops I will say were amazing and cooked to perfection! The only reason I gave more than 1 star... besides of course how beautiful it was inside. **
The whole experience felt rushed, unprofessional and not upscale worthy. We spent $170 and did tip 20% because we understand the situation at hand but we will definitely not be coming back.
Side note: both my boyfriend and I believe we got minor food poisoning from here.Great tasting food with a reasonable price. Need to work on service during the covid pandemic especially outdoor seatingBeen wanting to try this place for a while and had the opportunity to this evening. Food is very good. Has the Korean chicken bites as an appetizer and enjoyed both the chicken as well as the Korean-spices sauce. The bites were fried, but were still able to retain their moisture, which was nice. 
The main course was shrimp chow fun, also terrific. These guys clearly have a way with spices, they can be sublime and powerful at the same time. 
My only (minor) complaint is that the shrimp chow fun could have used a few more shrimp in it. Lots of great, perfectly cooked noodles but not a ton of shrimp. 
This is a new place and I welcome them to the neighborhood and wish them the best. They are a great addition to the Old City dining scene.Beautiful design, cool ambiance and fun music with a live DJ. The food was delicious too. Matcha cheesecake desert was really really good!5/5 on prices, food quality, service and ambiance. You walk in and are taken to another world, it was such an amazing set up with fun lights and big booths along with a beautiful bar. Came in at Happy Hour unexpectedly so took full advantage of HH drinks and apps. Great apps. Food was HUGE for a great price, photos attached (:Update: I returned to Mei Mei Saturday night for a very last minute dinner. There were no available reservations but I was CRAVING the general tso chicken. I'm so happy my boyfriend called because they informed us we could walk in and sit at the bar.
HUGE thank you to the team behind the bar, they were all so attentive. Our server, Elijah Adams, was amazing! He talked to us all night, gave great recommendations for drinks/food and even told us about the new lounge opening soon downstairs!! I mentioned my birthday was coming up and offered to give us a tour. The lounge looks amazing!!! I can't wait to contact Drew for more details booking. Thank you Elijah!The Go To in Old City
There are a few things that stand out about Mei Mei. The first is the exterior and the big door telling everyone "I've arrived." Then the gorgeous interior.
I can't remember everything that we had but everything was great. The scallops are some of the best I've ever had.
I also had the Lychee Martini which was perfectly made.
If you're hesitant to go full on dinner, I'd strongly recommend the happy hour before diving in.  You can't go wrong!We were there to celebrate singer songwriter Claudia Phillip's birthday. Our waiter was not very friendly but we tried to make the best of it. Our order got messed up twice and one of our guests also didn't get her entrée. When we approached our waiter about a missing items to one of our entrées (fried rice with scallions), he told us the dish didn't come with rice. After reading the menu again we found that it did and the manager sent it out for us. The food itself was good however since we didn't get all the items in time parts of our food got cold while we waited. I'm not usually very picky with service but it just seemed like the server didn't want to be there. At the end of the night I mentioned our friends birthday to the waiter again for the fourth time and they never did anything. Meanwhile for all the other birthdays that were there were treated to sparklers and a birthday song. It seemed like everyone else was getting great service so we felt like we missed out on the experience. The food was delicious and the ambiance was amazing and the drinks were excellent. I want to be fair with my reviews. I was referred to Mei Mei by a few industry friends and I just felt like we got the short end of the experience.My experience here was just ok, both the food and service were not on par with the more upscale vibe and price point Mei Mei is targeting. Ambience is awesome though and food comes out lightening fast if you're into that 
1. Food - Some dishes were good, others were bad, but a common issue was the flavors were mostly one-dimensional 
Drinks - Inconsistent, the same drink tastes different each time 
Appetizers - Korean chicken bites were extremely dry, Shrimp Bao Bun was delicious, Egg rolls had good filling, but were overcooked, Pan-seared Chicken dumplings were only cooked on one side so were partially gummy but had good flavor 
Entrees - Skip the Crab and Mango, the presentation reminded me of cat food. Shrimp Lo Mein was good, Sesame Chicken thankfully was not dry this time and tasty
Dessert - Mocha cake was just ok
2. Service - I tend to peg my expectations to the type of establishment (e.g., diner vs Michelin star fine dining). When I'm paying $20+ for Lo Mein, I start to notice the little things. My primary waitress was very pleasant, others not so much. 
If we order 4+ appetizers and the plates are oddly shaped, please time the food so that you are not forcibly squeezing them on a small table without even attempting to clear plates or help us shift stuff around
Provide serving utensils for dishes and choose appropriately (A spoon to serve noodles?)
A soy sauce based dish cannot go into a paper to go container
If you're looking for something similar I would stick to Buddakan, DoubleKnot or MorimotoI visited Mei Mei for the first time to celebrate a friend's birthday. They accommodated our party of 7, and let us know that it may be a squeeze at the booth we requested, but when we arrived we felt comfortable.
They have a great happy hour from 4-7 PM, so we were able to enjoy about an hour of it. We initially ordered one of each of the happy hour food items, and we were impressed by the portion sizes, especially with the Korean fried chicken bites.
For drinks, I had the Pear Margarita, and it was simultaneously strong and delicious which is always appreciated for a discounted HH cocktail. Others had the Ginger Daiquiri and ultimately switched to the Pear Margarita.
One disclaimer, which is the reason for my one less star than perfect experience is that the General Tso's Chicken and the Sesame Chicken are essential the same exact dish. We ordered both, and had to ask the waiter first if we were brought two of the same dish. Then we asked what the difference was in the sauces, because we were not able to discern this on our own. Our waiter asked the chef, and reported back that the main difference is that the General Tso's should have more of a kick while the Sesame is more orange based. We could not tell the difference, and I'd recommend that if you're between the two to just flip a coin because the flavors are identical.
Beyond that, the chicken was delicious. The side of long beans we ordered were great, as were the veggies in the Old City. The star of the food menu was easily the Mei Mei Fried Rice. The sausage was insanely delicious. I am craving it while writing this review right now. I would order that for takeout, and return just to get a bowl of the Mei Mei Fried Rice for myself.
Our service was super attentive, and brought out a cake with a big sparkler for our birthday boy. There was an automatic 20% gratuity added to our tip (likely due to the table size) and that was totally earned.
I would love to return to try the weekend scene at Mei Mei.