I stopped by Mel's for a late lunch and got the turkey club.  The cook/waiter greeted me with a big smile and served me one of the best turkey club sandwiches I've ever had.  It was chuck full of fresh turkey on delicious multi-grain toast. While I was there, the cook took a pork roast out of the oven for the next day's sandwiches and it looked and smelled like heaven. I can't wait to go back to try a pork sandwich and to go for breakfast as well.Favorite thing about Mel's: nobody outside of Manayunk or Roxy knows about Mels.
This is a TINY shack of a place that can hold maybe 15 people at a time on Umbria, which is a street with lots of older rowhomes and industrial/warehouse type buildings. Don't let the appearance put you off. It's divey, but good diners often are.
It's cheap, and the food is fantastic. I get the veggie omelette (no cheese, and they have no problem accommodating requests for what goes in stuff... the cook is 5 feet from you and talks to you herself!), because the mushrooms and spinach are AMAZINGLY TASTY. I think they simmer them in wine or something. 
The wait staff is super attentive and friendly, even for the neighborhood. Love, love Mel's.
There's a parking lot outside for free, and tons of street parking if that fills up.Good food. Non dependable delivery service which sucks in a town with scarce parking. For that reason I go elsewhere.We have been trying to find a great local spot for Breakfast and we finally found it. Great food at a great price with great service. We tried a little bit of everything and it was all delicious. I highly recommend the French toast and the crab soup.Breakfast sandwich morning at work...it only happens once in a while but it is eagerly anticipated!  Mel's Kitchen sets the gold standard for breakfast sandwiches.  Soft fresh roll, 2 eggs and gooey cheese, crispy bacon, saltpepperketchup.  I keep on trying to find reasons to return for more!  My opinionated co-workers were also very pleased with their sandwiches, and especially liked the option of turkey sausage.  The breakfast menu goes beyond the sandwiches, and the lunch menu looks good too.Hole in the wall.. Simple quick and cheap.. Great breakfast with a friendly staff.. If your in the area check it out...Been wanting to eat here for a while but haven't managed to get here. Finally passed by and stopped in to get the Harvest salad with chicken. Staff were friendly and the salad was so fresh and absolutely delicious! I called to thank them for the great salad! Definitely have to go back for brunchGreat place if you want to know what it's like eating in a cave.
Food was good though.Mel's is a staple for me and the man since moving to Manayunk. Breakfast especially. The people are friendly and the food is on point. I've had most things on the menu and can vouch for them all. It can get crowded since it's  small but there's some outdoor seating if it's warm enough. 
My favorites are the omelettes and breakfast hoagies. Great way to set your day right!Never had a bad meal, staff is so friendly & attentive. Great local place for delicious food!!Love this place!!!
In town for a wedding and my daughter and I wanted a little breakfast. Yelp to the rescue. We found Mel's. What a great breakfast. If you want to get good food and local atmosphere this is the place. I had the country style breakfast; dice ham eggs a bunch of other stuff. Also Marble Rye (listen up Seinfeld fans). Mel is a cool lady and the place is great.Best place for take-out breakfast around Roxborough/Manayunk area. I say take-out just because Mels is very small (like 3 tables or so and a very small counter.) So I usually call and order in advance and pick up my breakfast sandwich 10 mins later. My go-to is the simple bacon, eggs and cheese on a long roll. This sandwich is HUGE. If you're not too hungry, this can easily be shared. They put LOTS of crispy bacon on it (which is an A+ according to me). The prices are extremely reasonable and everything I've tried has been excellent. I would definitely recommend Mel's to anyone in the area looking for some good breakfast food.Great little place. Food is amazing here. Found this place just by driving by and I'm so glad I did.Exactly what you want in a Philly diner. Crusty exterior, stern attitude and great food. Get close and comfortable with the other patrons. The staff is in your face. This is Philly. The goods. Go birds!great fast service. Egg based dishes are good. Don't get the pork roll. Smells and tastes terrible.A gem in manayunk! Stopped in today for some breakfast and left satisfied. The sandwiches looked delicious, but I ordered the double down: 2 eggs, 2 french toast w/ sausage. The staff was very kind. It's small, so if you think of going with a large group, call first.My friends and I had just finished a 5K run in Fairmount Park and needed something warm to eat. I saw Mel's Kitchen nearby on Yelp and decided to give it a try! I ordered the "Healthy Alternative", a bowl of "Crab Corn Chowder" (recommended by Yelpers), and cup of tea. Friends had the vegetarian omelette, bowl of beef chili, and Manhattan Chowder. 
Healthy Alternative: IT WAS THE BEST NON-HEART-ATTACK-INDUCING BREAKFAST EVER. It was a large portion of eggs, mushrooms, squash/cucumbers, cheese, and some other vegetable-goodness on a multi-grain bread, served with sausages. It didn't give me one of those regrettable, fat-soaked feelings like other breakfast foods. 
Crab Corn Chowder: IF YOU DO NOT TRY THIS, YOU ARE MISSING OUT ON LIFE. LIFE IS MEANINGLESS WITHOUT THIS SOUP. Unless you are allergic to seafood and/or corn. 
All my friends LOVED their foods and really want to come here again although we are out in Allentown. But I definitely will be coming here again :) Especially when it's warmer because I noticed a patio out! 
Service: Everyone was SO accommodating to us. Especially my one friend who is the type of person to ask "Where do you get your meat from?" "Is your vegetables organic?" "How large is the portions?" and other questions that make you want to smack the be-jesus out of them. They answered everything and were VERY home-like and friendly. 
It's also very jam-packed so you know it's good!Great place for a quick lunch. The burgers are quick, cooked true to order, and cheap. It's pretty small inside so it has sort of an intimate "mom and Pop" type feel. I'll definitely be back. The burgers are also pretty large.Best wait staff anywhere and the food is spectacular. Had a carnitas breakfast burrito and it was the best bfast burrito I've ever had!!! Go hereI've seen so many 4 and 5 star reviews, so I had to try it out. I went at opening, on a Sunday morning.  The service was pleasant enough, no issues there. I ordered walnut pancakes, and two eggs. The pancakes where not light and airy, very dense and heavy, all most under cooked, flavor was OK.  Eggs, just egg's.  My nephew, ordered egg's sausage, and potatoes, he said everything was bland, potatoes a little under-cooked, no flavor.  Maybe it was a bad morning?  I don't think I'll be back.Decent breakfast, not the cleanest place I've ever been. Nothing to write home about.My boyfriend and I got "the house" off the roll as an omelette with home fries instead... So good!! And not greasy at all... just some really good bad food without feeling gross afterwards!! I'm normally a pancake girl but the French toast here is hands down king! Everything we ate was very homestyle and clean.
Great service with friendly and helpful staff.Crab cake eggs Benedict was amazing, so much better than New York crab cakes. French toast was also delicious. Next time we visit the area we will definitely be back!We are from South Philly and thought that the Pork sandwich would be OK, But it was dry, not seasoned and overall a loser. Although in it's favor it was big.
I would come for the breakfast and it looked good but until they learn a great pork sandwich recipe, ​we won't be there for that.
Nice people, fast service but,​ ​crowded and warm, looks like they're making money and great workers. 
Too many better POK Places in town!This place is great. Everything we have ever had from here is delicious. The staff are very friendly. The prices are good. Nice, comfortable neighborhood place for breakfast or lunch.I got an egg, cheese, and turkey bacon on a Winnie's bun and no lie, it was the best breakfast sandwich I've ever had. The people are really awesome too! Always friendly. Thanks Mel's Kitchen!Tiny yet satisfying!  Waited over an hour to get seated and served but the food is worth the wait!!! There is only one grill but the staff is constantly working to get orders out.  There were constant phone calls for pick up and delivery.  Lots of locals calling ahead to see if there are any seats available so seats are definitely hard to come by.  We lucked out and a few customers left so we kindly scooted in.  I'm always a fan of watching people cook so you get a meal and a show if you decide to dine in.  the two ladies that were in control of the register and phone calls are top notch.  They were constantly checking if everyone was okay and going out of their way to make guests feel comfortable.  If you want to dine in, expect a lengthy wait especially on the weekends.  Food smelled and tasted wonderful, the atmosphere was friendly.  I had "the House", which is a Philly cheese steak omelette with friend onions on a long roll.  No need for ketchup as the flavors speak for themselves! The girlfriend had chocolate chip pancakes with home fries. Pancakes had a perfect crisp to them and the home fries were seasoned beautifully.  Our other friend got Huevos Rancheros which smelled amazing but he was too selfish to share.
The only reason that this is not a 5 star review is that I wished it a was a little cleaner.
We will be returning soon to try something else on the menu!I really enjoyed my dining experience. The owner and worker are nice. I asked plenty of questions and they kindly answered each. The helped me pick out JCs breakfast special. Which I loved. Will definitely be back. Everything the cooked looked GREAT!Cutest little breakfast place with amazing food! I got the veggie burrito with avocado and it was fantastic. The outside was grilled crispy and the insides were cooked with just the right amounts of spices and hints of garlic. The potatoes were an excellent touch. It was super filling so come hungry!!We plan on going back tomorrow, July 16, 2016, to celebrate my birthday brunch. We stopped by two months ago for a late breakfast and enjoyed the casual outside dining. The food presentation is like a good diner though the ambience is very casual and fun! Remember, my family said I have to choose the restaurant anywhere in the Delaware Valley and I chose Mel's.Mel's staff is amazing. We came in on New Year's day when the rush was intense. They managed it all and gave us a tasty huevos rancheros and eggs over easy.  La Colombo coffee to boot.  This is an awesome local spot with tasty breakfast potatoes and lots of awesome options.The feeling in this place was just homie people are friendly really want to go back there and the food was awesome.Loved eating here! A lot of food for a good price and good quality! They also have La Columbe coffee which was a huge plus. My boyfriend and I sat at the "bar" and you could watch them cook and interact with the staff. It felt like being at home talking at the breakfast table with friends and family. Didn't have a single issue, definitely going back!I had a great experience here this morning. I ordered the double double. It came with your choice of 2 pancakes or French toast, eggs, and a side of meat. I opted for for the pancakes that were extremely fluffy and delicious. I had scrambled eggs with cheese that was also outstanding. Service was friendly and extremely fast and I will definitely return.This place is a "go to" favorite of mine here in the neighborhood. The greasy spoon of yesteryear if you will. Great food and conversation without the bs. Quick and easy.I love their egg's benedict! I don't like the traditional benedict so I will get the crab one, and it's amazing. Makes my morning every time! This place has become a regular place for to get my brunch on the weekends. Mel's hours work really well with my schedule. I like to get up super late on weekends and so many brunch places are already starting to close however Mel's Kitchen will stay open until 3pm on Saturdays.I love this place.  Mel is wonderful and Tanya is my favorite waitress! The food is always consistent and delicious.  I love breakfast and this is my favorite "Diner" in the area!Great breakfast food at a great price. We have tried many things on this menu - including French toast, breakfast burritos, pork roll egg and cheese, etc. the place is small so it gets crowded/full around 10 AM.Just went here for the first time today, as I just moved to Manayunk. My friend got the cheesesteak egg sandwich which comes on a seeded roll and it was fabulous! She also ordered the chocolate chip pancakes. The butter had a bit of cinnamon in it which added even more flavor to this delicious treat. I ordered the turkey Reuben, and wow--delicious. They roast their own turkey here, and the flavor was amazing. Bread was perfectly toasted and  I have a feeling ill be dreaming of this sandwich over the next few days. The place is very small, and the only drink selection was whatever they had in the fridge--kinda odd. I was craving a fountain sod too! But still, this place is a must if you're looking for breakfast or lunch. Loved it-can't wait to go back!!Not to denigrate but the place is seedy and​ the hair in my food was not appreciated! A good cook in a bad environment​!Being the nice employee that I am I decided to come to work on my off day. Well I was in desperate need of a good wholesome breakfast that would stick to me. Where to go? Where to go? As I was driving past... BINGO!!  Mel's Kitchen. I pulled into the parking lot, it was only two other cars parked beside my own. The Diner it self is small however it has a deck outside, on the inside you can observe the whole restaurant in one small circle. It was a few tables in the corner, also a front counter with stools. The place was not crowded however with the few patrons that were that made it feel a little cramped.   
    I kind of already know what I wanted but I just glanced over the menu just to see what they had to offer. Nothing too crazy over the top, you know the usual for breakfast.  While I was looking at the menu it was a young man paying for his food. I waited to patiently as the cashier finished up with him. She never greeted or addressed me I was taking aback when she looked me in my face and continued to talk the waitress serving the tables. Okay, I'll give her a moment because she was explaining something that appeared to be important.  However after another ten minutes of waiting, mind you it is no one else there but me at the front counter. She answers the phone, WTF... (Ready to walk out).
    The cook must have seen my frustrations because he stepped in and asked What would I like to order. I ordered the cream chipped beef over rye toast and it came with the side of home fries. He was pleasant and made my order promptly, about ten minutes later he asks the cashier to rung up my order. It was just something with her, she never smiled and nor even at this point acknowledge me. She just stated what I owed, then hands me my change. No thank you or have nice day. Nothing! So the smarty pants I am I said... Thank you, you enjoy your day. Again nothing. I am done. 
I work in a customer service driven field, I know how important is to make a good first impression also how to make some one feel welcomed. Make me feel like you want my business. The more welcome I feel the more money I spend.(especially if the food or product is worth it) DUH. Its just practical common sense. 
One a good note the food was amazing. I even loved the home fries with out any extra condiments or salt/pepper. The potatoes had a little crispness on the outside, not too firm but not mushy on the inside. The entire meal was properly seasoned to my liking. It could have been an off day for the cashier I will give her that. I may return in the future but I will not go out of my way.This is an excellent restaurant. When you first arrive the outside looks different not your cliche look, but don't let that fool you the food is phenomenal. Great atmosphere and delicious breakfast.... 100 thumbs upFast service, good prices, friendly staff. Great little place. And the food is tasty, too!We can see this place from our window across the river in Belmont hills. I've been wanting to go for awhile! We had been looking for a new breakfast spot. This place met all of my expectations. The staff was so friendly and accommodating, food was delicious, hot and fresh. Coffee was great and they have to go cups to take your coffee with you! The place is very cute and very tiny, and they have a couple of tables outside. I think they're doing a great job in there, excited to tell people about it and go back again soon.Great breakfast food, eggs Benedict was a little bland though. Crab corn chowder was delicious. Service was a little slow despite there not being too many people, but very friendly. Definitely going back!I'd been looking for a convenient, reasonably priced, quick service place to stop for breakfast (or is it dinner?) after working overnights. Mel's Kitchen fits the bill.
Mel's is located in a small stand-alone building on Umbria St. Slightly dilapidated, it easily goes unnoticed unless you happen to know of it's existence (thanks to Yelp, of course). 
The first time I went was around 8 am. I seated myself at one of 3 open tables (4 in total) and Mel herself came over and poured me a cup of coffee in a brightly colored mug. That was the first moment I started to fall in love with this place: Mel doesn't use those miniature white coffee mugs you see in most diners - these mugs are huge and look like she took them right out of her own personal kitchen. 
The second thing that struck me was that there's Sriracha on every table. Mel's clearly knows the best breakfast condiment and doesn't make you request it.
Despite my love of Sriracha I was craving something sweet, so I ordered the French toast and bacon (extra crispy). The kitchen is in the same room as the dining area so I was able to watch Mel happily work away on my food while she cooked a few breakfast sandwiches for the customers sitting at the bar right in front of the griddle. Clearly those patrons were regulars as they chatted about their kids' little league and the scorching hot weather.
Soon my breakfast was delivered to me and oh my, was it delicious! The bacon was perfectly crispy and the French toast was delectable. The portion was quite large - 3 slices of toast and about 5 strips of bacon.
I think my bill was about $8. Of course I didn't notice the large sign stating they take credit card for bills over $10 - so I threw in a Mel's Kitchen t-shirt (which is a really cute play off of the Hell's Kitchen logo).
With all the thoughtful touches and Mel's down to earth, amiable personality I truly felt at home here. I've since been back for take out breakfast sandwiches and I continue to be impressed by the service and food quality. This is now my favorite no-frills breakfast spot.The atmosphere is like the hug of an overprotective suburban mother, cramped and uncomfortable at times, but filled with so much beautiful love and affection that it doesn't matter. 
The food is like what your mother would prepare for you on the morning of the SATs, hearty, delicious and slightly unhealthy, but cooked beautifully and with a hometown style that prepares you for your day of work...
Anything you eat here is a good call, especially if you slap some pork roll on it. The staff is very friendly, and you can tell that they enjoy helping you. My girlfriend and I come here every time we pass through Roxborough. 
A quick suggestion: It's a great place to stop for breakfast before a mid day trip to the Morris Arboretum.Make sure you call in advance to verify they are open. My g/f and I drove over there today (Aug. 4) for breakfast to find a sign on the door saying they are closed for vacation. This information should have been posted on their website.Mel's is my favorite place to come for breakfast in the area! The staff is very friendly, the food and coffee are both amazing, and all at a reasonable price. I definitely recommend Mel's!As a local I absolutely LOVE this place. The JC Breakfast Special, basically a French Toast sandwich is incredible. They serve excellent quality coffee (she buys great coffee beans). Plus Mel is just super nice. 
I always WANT to get the JC Breakfast Special but usually get the breakfast wrap which is huge and a little on the healthier side.
I don't know what kind of ambiance people expect, but it's very small, maybe 4-5 tables and a bar. However it's hardly ever packed out and I guarantee you'll get the best breakfast for the money anywhere in this area.
Little known fact - they also deliver.Very simple place, small interior with an outside deck dining area. Casual atmosphere where you order at the bar and pay after eating. Friendly staff! Uncomplicated food, but of a decent quality especially considering the low prices. I would stop here for breakfast or brunch again.Have ordered from here too many times to count. Absolutely love this little gem. Their breakfast menu is great. The food is like going home and eating a well cooked meal right from mom. Doesn't get much better than that.We love Mel's! The food is amazing, especially the home fries. It's super small
Inside though, so be prepared to order to go. In the warmer months, there's outside seating. If you like breakfast sandwiches, try this place!Excellent breakfast and lunch place with very friendly staff. Try the roast pork sandwich! Very small and not fancy, but everything we've had is terrific. Exactly my kind of place! I'll be a regular after I move to Manayunk.I wouldn't order from here for delivery. The pictures look great if you're dining in I guess. We ordered an omelet and none of the peppers were soft enough to be in an omelet. It looked like an egg taco. Barely any cheese that we had to pay extra for. The meat for the omelet was outside the egg and not in? Maybe this is how they make their omelet? One order of sausage is one patty for $3....expected so much more quality for all the reviews. Also food was made fast..10 minutes after we ordered food it was on its way! Guess they were in a rush?I discovered this place recently when my friend took me here. It was a small and homely diner. The staff was friendly and the food was delicious. I got their special French Toast, which was filled with pumpkin cream cheese.  It was tasty as well as light for a frech toast. Usually other places have really thick bread with a lot of filling. This French Toast was different. It didn't make me feel so full and "sickly" afterwards juat thinking about how many calories I just ate and how much fat there was. No, Mel's french toast was just right in every regard. My friend ordered a healthy option which was flavorful as well as really healthy. The protion sizes were good for the price we paid-which was cheap compared to other diners. Overall Mel's kitchen is a place that's just waiting to be discovered by more people. I know I'll be going back there soon!We wanted to try somewhere new and local for breakfast so we decided on Mel's Kitchen because of the 4.5 star rating. I didn't think our food was bad but I also didn't think it was good. The staff there was very kind. I was impressed by how quickly our food was made, although it wasn't that busy. Mel's is a small establishment with limited seating. We got lucky that a table had just opened up when we arrived. (There's a parking lot next to the building, which is a huge plus!) I ordered the double down (eggs, choice of meat and French toast) with a side of toast. I don't indulge in buttered toast often so I was excited for my breakfast side, however upon being served my food, I was disappointed because the butter they used was unsalted. What's the point of putting butter on anything if it's unsalted? It had no taste and was smothered in butter so the toast quickly became soggy. The French toast was also smothered in butter and had very little cinnamon or powdered sugar. I grew up in New England and prefer real maple syrup so Mrs. Butterworth's is a sin to me, which is why I rely on the cinnamon and powdered sugar on my French toast. I requested more from my waitress and she put a dash more on, but not enough for my liking. I'd have rather been given a side of the cinnamon and sugar to control how much I wanted on my breakfast, but it wasn't worth asking again at this point. As you can tell, I'm on the pickier side, but my boyfriend enjoyed his veggie omelette. Overall, Mel's has a small hometown feel, but I don't think the food is very special.Food is amazing! Sometimes it gets crowded but after having the food, you can totally understand why! Haven't had a bad experience yet. Good job #MrProTipSmall little diner but hot diggity their subs are great! 
My boyfriend and I waited in the cold rain for this and it was totally worth the wait. 
We shared Mel's Big Breakfast and "The House." 
The big breakfast was like an omelette in a sub. But "The House" was like Philly cheesesteak omelette. I love classic American breakfast and I love bread. It was the best of both worlds. Perfect for the cold weather!This place is absolutely awsome ! The food is always fresh and delicious .
Staff is always warm and welcoming , the restaurant  it self is small but cosy .
The best place in the neighborhood  for breakfast .Great food for the morning after going out. Friendly people. One of the only advantages of living at the train station, is walking here for food.Great hole-in-the-wall breakfast/lunch spot. Definitely gotta try the Mels Big Breakfast (eggs, meat, potatoes, peppers/onions - all on a hoagie roll) and the JC Breakfast Special (Eggs, cheese, bacon in a waffle sandwich). Breakfast burrito and huevos rancheros are good options too.We love to go to Mel's.  The food is really really good and it is a fun place to eat.  It gets crowded fast on the busy days but when it is not raining, they have tables outside that we take advantage of.  I especially enjoy breakfast here.I ate here for two Sundays in a row while taking a class nearby, and it was pretty good. On both occasions, I had the grilled cheese and Old Bay fries. The grilled cheese was basic - warm, melted, and not over-cooked. They used some kind of a gooey white cheese, so it wasn't like one of those grilled cheese sandwiches where they use real cheddar and it doesn't melt and stretch in a satisfying way.The Old Bay fries were good, but the portions were enormous. It would take me 3 meals to eat that many fries.
Service was friendly, but slow on both occasions. I think we just had bad luck with our timing, though. Both times, the place was pretty full when we came in. Apparently, calling ahead can be much faster, though.
On our first visit, there was nowhere to sit, so we took the food to go. On the second visit, several people in our group opted not to go (due to the wait on the first trip), so we took the food back so we could all eat together. 
I doubt I'll be back since Mel's Kitchen is nowhere near me - but it's a nice little diner-style place if you happen to be in the area.  I will say that vegetarians may be a bit disappointed in the offers, though. It's a pretty meat-heavy menu. Vegans are even worse off, though I'm guessing the fries and a stripped down salad would be safe.For the price I paid compared to quality it's not a even deal. French toast is pretty good but everything else is pretty badMel's Kitchen is a little place kind of in no-man's land (a very, very safe no-man's land, but still pretty desolate) in Manayunk a bit off of Main Street.  Little may be a bit of a stretch - the place is TINY.  Counter service for about 6ish, and about as many tables seating between 2 and 4 people.  The entire place has a bit of a "too close to the kitchen" smell and feel (a bit greasy) but it IS a greasy spoon so I guess it is to be expected.  
The food is exactly what you would expect - no need to list menu items, everything is totally adequate-to-good.  Were I a 23-year-old hungover college student this would be a four-or-five star rating, but as a fully-grown adult the charm of shabby-greasy-simple just doesn't do it for me.  My second trip did find me a bit over-served the night before, so I can vouch for the curative aspects of Mel's.  
The coffee is decent, if unremarkable.  That's pretty important for a breakfast spot - no complaints there, and the server kept it good and full - plus the pot is literally right there, so you don't even really need the server if your vice is caffeine.  
Service is the star here - everyone working was efficient, kind, friendly and seemed to really care if we enjoyed our meal.  For a greasy spoon prices were a bit high, considering this is NOT Main Street, but a fair value.  When full Mel's feels REALLY REALLY crowded, but if not full there isn't quite a claustrophobic nightmare.  Ceilings are low, tables are packed in, the stools suck.  EVERYTHING seems not quite square and level.  (OCD anyone?)
Overall you can do better, but you can do a whole lot worse.  If not hungover, or you are looking for a nice place, head elsewhere....but if your business is breakfast Mel's will do.Great food, delicious coffee, welcoming staff. 
Miami takes Mel's Kitchen! After a weekend of snowboarding, Mel's hit the spot. We finished our food in 10 minutes! This quaint location had an extensive menu with unique options and breakfast classics. Skip Friendlys and try this mom and pop gem!Awesome awesome!! Classic diner experience.  Good food, great prices, super caring and friendly staff.  In the words of my boyfriend, "let's start coming here every weekend."Just dropped in after taking my son to the doctor next door. It's a really a small spot, but it kinda gives it character. Up front, the staff is really nice and very pleasant. That's 3/4 of the battle right there. Enjoyed a roast pork sandwich. It's my first one ever, so I have nothing else to compare it to. But my taste buds were pleased, so I'm guessing it's a good one. All in all, I'll be back and try almost everything on the menu. Except the eggs......can't quite swallow them because.......it's a long story. Oh, yeah, eat hereWe stopped here for lunch and really liked it. Tasty food, outdoor seating, friendly atmosphere. Good place to go if you're walking along the canal.Big Fan of Mel's kitchen! JC's breakfast special is my favorite! We have tried a bunch of the breakfast food, never to be disappointed! My boyfriend loves the creamed chipped beef.. The French toast is tasty too! We also have tried the burger for lunch and that was good. I have never eaten in the place, we do take out or delivery if its during the week. Love that somewhere delivers breakfast food!Food is good and plentiful, setting is very divey(?) so depends what youre looking for!Not too far from Downtown Manayunk, you will find this quaint diner. The menu seems to appeal to the masses. Staff was pleasant and friendly. Price was very reasonable. Being not from the area (Hometown-Chicago), it was the perfect local spot to grab a quick breakfast hoagie.
**Spoiler alert - This hoagies are HUGE! haha. 
You can dine-in or take it to go. Cheers and happy eating.Definitely a little hole in the wall, but those are the best places, right? I've had delivery many times and finally drove up to eat with a friend. Super friendly staff and the food never disappoints. Thanks Mel's kitchen!Best breakfast burrito!  I got it with ground beef, amazing!  The egg was over easy!  The white cheese was not too much, flavorful and melted in perfectly.  Also the people who work at Mel's and who came in were all very sociable and friendly.  Naberly atmosphere.Delicious! The food is so tasty! The customer service is okay but the food made up for it. I  am glad that they sell turkey because I do not eat beef or pork. I will definitely visit this place again.I am shocked at the number of good reviews for this place! We stopped by here for a quick bite, and found the tables sticky and the food bland. I ordered their house specialty roast pork sandwich. It was just roast pork shavings between bread, and no flavor or spice AT ALL. I have eaten roast pork sandwiches at thousands of places, and this was definitely nowhere close to good. Yes, the pork was cooked well, but ZERO spices? We also ordered their country omelette, and till then I did not know someone could even mess up a simple omelette. Again, pretty tasteless and bland. The service was very good, but the food was just not something I will remember even an hour later, except for its blandness.Well below average food. I've had better breakfast meals at Denny's and IHOP. Despite the less than mediocre food, I'm more concerned by the fact that none of the cooks were wearing food handling gloves and demonstrated very poor food handling practices in general. At one point, one of the cooks handled his cell phone and then plated a bagel sandwich bare handed.  Another young man who was in charge of the food prep, at one point, took his hat off wiped the sweat from his forehead and ran his fingers through his hair. Then a minute later (no gloves and no hand washing in between) dipped the same hand into a bag of bread to begin prepping French toast. He also handled his cell phone throughout the time I was there and never once washed his hands before handling the food. I was completely disgusted and am really concerned for the health safety of their customers.  The server who was handling debit cards and cash, (without gloves) handed one of the cooks a piece of cheese for a customer's omelette. Thankfully it's an open kitchen so you can watch everything that happens. I asked to speak to the manager before I left to give constructive feedback on the food handling concerns...the manager turned out to be one of the cooks who also did not wash his hands between handling his phone and handling the food. Brunchers and lunchers beware.  I wish I had noticed all of this before I took a few bites of my French toast and egg white omelette. I will not be returning here unfortunately...I'm praying that I won't be spending my day puking and shitting my brains out from food poisoning. Thanks Mel...whoever you are.Love. Love. Love. Best breakfast spot in Roxborough/Manayunk. The lunch menu is good too. My kids love the pancakes and I always have the healthy alternative. The staff is friendly and the place has a real neighborhood vibe.Recently came here for my first time, ordered the breakfast burrito and cream chipped beef. The burrito was great my only compliant was the salsa, tatsed like tostitos salsa. But the cream chipped beef was probably the best iv ever had. I like the fact that they added potatoes in the creamed chip beef. Also to prepare all of this took about fifteen minutes tops! Great for take out.