If you're looking for a diner in south Philly to go to, check this place out. Very large menu with lots to choose from. Close to the stadiums for after a game. Homemade cakes and pies right on side, so those you should definitely try (especially the cheesecake). This is part of the Michael's diner group, so if you are familiar, you know what to expect.Big old MEH.
I went here late night and ordered the breakfast combo: two pancakes, two eggs, sausage, and bacon. Pretty standard diner fare, right? Welllll, the pancakes were nice and fluffy, and the eggs cooked well. The meat, however, was awful. The sausage could easily have been a year old, and the bacon wasn't even good.
Now, let me qualify that last sentence by saying I've never met a piece of bacon I didn't like. (Turkey bacon's a different story...) How do you mess up bacon?I received terrible customer service from the Melrose on March 2.  I've been there many times over the years, but lets face it, I only go there because its the only place open 24 hrs near my home.   I was there late having dinner with a male friend. The waiter kept coming by asking if we were ok. I said we were fine.  After they stared at us, came by 3-4 times I asked if there was a problem. Then they sent a manager (?) over who said we were taking up there table and asked us to leave. There were PLENTY of seats at the bar.  I was mad at the way they handled things. The whole restaurant stared at us like we were making trouble!  I've been there late many times over the years, never had a problem. I got upset but I apologized for being there so long. But I've never been asked to leave a restaurant unless they were closing.
I initially feared it was a racial issue, since I was there with a white male friend.  The lady at the front even 'jokingly' said, after I apologized,  'If you wanna stay somewhere all night, get a hotel'!  It's ok Melrose, you'll never get a dime from me again.Prior to dining here, I had heard wildly differing tales of its quality.  Some people love it, others list it as the single worst experience of their lives.  With such mixed reviews I was hesitant to try the Melrose.  However, it is within walking distance, and when a nice spring day and handsome company presented themselves (with a craving for scrapple), Melrose seemed like the best place for the job.
I am uncertain why their pancakes are yellow.  Do they put food coloring in to try to convince us that it's really buttermilk?  I have no idea, but since they were full of chocolate chips they were just fine.
It wasn't too crowded, it was clean, waitress was pleasant and attentive, and the food came and went quickly.  I don't think I'd come here late night, but for breakfast or lunch the Melrose Diner is a-ok.Came here for dinner one afternoon when visiting Philly and was by no means disappointed.
The food wasn't bad, no going wrong with a classic grilled cheese. Loved the atmosphere, was a cozy little hometown dinner, and the staff was super friendly.
Great spot to check out for an All American dining experience!Great old school South Philly Diner. Always get the Greek Omelette. Huge and delicious!Plenty of food
Delicious pork rib steak!!
Old fashioned
Coming back again
Good for Saturday morning brunchThe proper name of this place is the Melrose Diner & Bakery. Most everyone in town knows it as 'The Melrose.' What can you say... It's a diner. The food is decent, the services is all right. One of the thing the place is known for is the fact that the staff turn over is very low. I was in one time and was waited on by a lady who started there in 1972. That's the year I was born!
Don't expect nuthing fancy.Because the kitchen is not separated from the restaurant, you have to listen to all the kitchen noise as you eat, which is incredibly annoying. The chef kept yelling orders, and using dumb slang terms over and over that made no sense. "Omelette, One time." "french fries ALL DAY!" what the fuck is with that?  Service was crap, takes forever just to get a menu.
I'm a fan of greasy food and expect it, but the kind of diarrhea I got afterwords was worse than usual.Came here twice once during dinner hours and once later at night around midnight. The first time the meal was excellent the staff was slow. I had the chicken breast with spinach and white wine sauce it was excellent...large portions and good side of spaghetti...the chicken rice soup was average a little on the bland side...the mozzarella sticks came out horridly they were greasy and fried into one big ball of mozzarella stick I had to pull apart! Dessert was the true star tho fresh banana  cream pie with chunks of fresh banana and a golden baked pie crust still crunchy not soggy and a mound of fresh whipped cream! Also tried the buttercream cake it's so good! Moist fresh cake layers with clarity of fresh ingredients tasted in the forefront. Iceing compliments the flavored lightly as to not overpower it with sweetness! Excellent! The next time I had the cream of chicken soup which was delicious  and a Michael salad which was fresh. The buffalo chicken strips  were ok and really spicy. Again dessert was the shining star fresh chocolate cream pie ! The best! The waitress this time was older and more efficient very friendly!I've been to this diner and had good service many times before, however the past couple of times, the service has been terrible.  I went here with my son for dinner a few nights ago, hoping to have a nice dining experience.  Unfortunately, the staff was rude and the food was not very good.  Overall, it was a disappointing experience.Although I have never seen Scrapple under the blinding sober light of day (might make me second think my love for it), it appears to be a magical substance sent down from heaven as the perfect topping on a night of fun.  It is grey pork matter, thinly sliced, and fried to a crisp - and no place serves it better than the Melrose Diner.  The Melrose is a classic/typical east coast diner offering big plates of greasy comfort food.  BUT IF ITS SCRAPPLE YOU WANT, THIS IS "THE" PLACE!I hate it when a Philadelphia institution isn't what it used to be, and this place definitely isn't what it used to be.  The menu has changed completely, and no longer has the dish I used to love.  If I can't get a chicken cutlet with brown gravy, corn, and mashed potatoes anymore, that's a sad thing.  The only thing I will come back here for is a slice of buttercream cake, which has thankfully never changed, and some cookies to go.this is a destination diner!! i love how historic it is!! be prepared to share a booth, or sit at the counter. its part of the experience. very nice staff and good food!!!The thing about Melrose is, along with most other diners, you gotta take it with a grain of salt.  Once you've figured that out, there are a few surprises:
-The French toast: It's the bomb.  Try it for yourself.  You will not be disappointed.
-The turkey burger:  Strangely delicious, and wait for it: homemade!  I've been to restaurants of supposed better caliber, and been served frozen turkey burgers, so I was pleased.
The Melrose won't change your life.  The service can be spotty at busier times.  But it's a diner in the heart of South Philly, and the clientele is a great cross-section of the 'hood (which equals a great people-watching and eavesdropping experience, if you're so inclined).Went here several times for late dinner I'm not impressed by the quality of the food.
Ordered a medium rate steak, they sent me well done watery steak. It seems like they don't rest the steak with the juice after they cook it but rather just dump all the juice when the steak is warm and ready to serve.
I ordered a spaghetti and meatball for take out. It's only around $10 but the portion they serve is too much for me. I'm 160lb 5.5' a bit weight there but I'm not obese by any means. The spaghetti and meatball they serve is enough for one day meal. And the spaghetti was a bit under for me.
Great service, great price, great cookies, but the food quality isn't there. 
Cheap diner, I wish they pay a little more attention to the food quality.
3 stars for great service.just gotta say that i LOVE the yuppie swine who rate this diner low writing a review of the MELROSE DINER on Yelp. does it really need a review? 24-hour diner with decent food, decent service and decent people. what more do you fuckin want?
seriously, some people on here review it like it's a motherfucking Stephen Starr restaurant. get off your high horse and have an omelette.You want to charge higher rates than a normal diner? Fine, go ahead. But I'm going to expect more.  Usually I'm pretty forgiving when it comes to diners. I don't think anyone goes expecting quality. We go for convenience, comfort, and quantity. I've been to Melrose once before, extremely hungover recovering from a battle with Patron. From what I remember, the food was good. 
Coming here at a 3pm on a Saturday stone cold sober is a different story. The waitress was nice, but not enough to make up for the food. As soon as Dining Partner and I sat down we knew we'd made a terrible mistake. Dining Partner scrounged up the courage to order the blueberry pie while I consumed the sorriest cheeseburger I've ever seen. The lettuce was almost clear white, the burger patty looked as if it had been frozen for years. The waitress came over to make sure we liked our food, I managed a closed mouth smile and a head nod. Dining Partner scolded me and I promptly added that lie to my Confession list. Being that there is always a bright side-the fries were crispy, the bun was toasted, and I didn't get sick from consuming the meal. Bottom line: there are much better diners in South Philly than Melrose.My 2nd time at the restaurant. Service is really good. Food is really good whether it's breakfast, lunch, or dinner. A nice cool place to hang out. The prices are usually good.I usually go by this restaurant about once every week or two. But this time was horrible. I went on Thursday February 16th. I went at about midnight and as soon as I got done checking out a guy and girl ran passed me and almost knocked me down. But I went on and I was going to wait inside at the double door entrance and call an uber. The manager who looked way younger than me  (and I'm almost 30) rushed out there and said "you think you can do that in my restaurant motherf***er" then I asked him what he was talking about. And he said "that wasn't there a few minutes ago" and again. I asked him what he was talking about. He pointed to a needle. I then told him he wasn't mine. He didn't believe me. Then he asked if I wanted to "take it outside " then about that time one of the waitresses said it want mine. It was the guy and girl that left. I will never return to this place ever again. This is why they shouldn't make kids managers. If he would have hit me like it looked like he wanted to. I would not be afraid to defend myself.Best apple pie and vanilla sauce!!! In city chicken fingers With American cheese brown gravy !! Nice place over allWe arrived at 1 AM, staff was living dead in the food was too. Melrose diner should rest in Peace. This is the end of an error for service and food.We won't be spending our money here anymore after we just walked in and the way we were greeted by the waitress with the black roots and blonde south philly messy bun said "what the f..k as soon as ppl get up more ppl come in". fire her.Its a 24 hr diner. If its 3am and you are in Philly and sick of cheesesteaks it serves its purpose. I would never choose to go here during normal dining hours but the food is ok and pretty cheap.I have always enjoyed the Melrose. But with th remodel is has become 100x better. The remodeled booths and restrooms are a great improvement. And the food is as good as always!Dined here for breakfast. Well done food. Friendly and attentive service. Good coffee. Great little diner for a quick breakfast and baked goods.I realize the food isn't great but they have the hottest poured coffee I could ever find in the city as well as the good kind of honey mustard (the bright yellow kind that's really bad for you).
And what makes up for the sub-par food is the AMAZING staff.  I mean, every single individual that works there.  And the atmosphere is awesome and the location great.  This winter it will be a good day time spot for me to warm up from the chill.
I've never gone to a place to eat by myself until I moved to the west side of Broad in December.  I've done that twice here.  I like to sit at the counter and talk to the waiters and waitresses.  And one of the waiters said I look like an actress from this movie that plays this friend that I never saw before.  I'm into it.After recently moving to South Philly some friends came down and we went out to celebrate our good friend's 21st birthday on South street. After an unsuccessful attempt at locating some mythical after-hours bar, we were two things: drunk and hungry. A friend suggested Melrose diner and of course my love of the Wonder Years got the best of me and I was genuinely excited to go! For those not into pop-punk The Wonder Years are a band from around the area and have a song entitled, "Melrose Diner" off their album the Upsides. It doesn't really mention the actual diner very much surprisingly. I was curious and am prone to geek out about music like no one else I know. 
We get there around 2 am (rough guesstimation) and are met with a rather small crowd of drunk college kids, older night owls, and potential parolees from the Philadelphia prison system. There are crazy people everywhere here so I'm pretty used to it already. However I wasn't ready for the woman slouched down in her chair with what resembled a poodle dog on her head. I was quite concerned for the woman and so were the rest of my friends. After waiting close to 10 minutes to even get a waitress to come over me and my friend decided we needed to use the bathroom which I mean as far as diner bathrooms go could be considered average at best. However the man sitting on the bar stool next to the ladies room was talking loudly to himself I'm assuming as I do not see him as one to be tech-savvy enough to work a bluetooth (being an old drunkard by himself in a diner at 2am and all). 
We get back to the table and are finally greeted by our waitress who didn't seem to like her job very much (I understand why now).  After seeing a Reuben on the menu I was pretty set on it before I realized it was 2:30 AM and I had already probably consumed enough calories of apricot ale to make myself gain another pound. We ordered and I made the mistake of asking for "dippy eggs" which apparently are not known by anyone outside of Berks county. Everyone else ordered and we waited another half hour in a fairly empty diner to receive our food. It's pretty hard to mess up eggs and rye toast so I guess I could say the food was alright. Everyone else was pleased with their food and we left. The service was not good and the place is pretty much just a good place to people watch and bask in your pop-punk obsession. 
God speed and stay posi.Creamed chipped beef for the hubs and chocolate layer cake and lemon cream pie for me.  Service was good at 1 am after the Tom Petty concert!  Food was good too.Ahhhh the Melrose, you bring back memories of a more simple time.  Sadly the simplicity only covers the look, and not the quality.  
Fried Chicken is honestly GREAT and I'd get it more often if I couldn't get similar quality across the street for less money.  I frequently just get the soup of the day, and it's good but usually too salty.  I've had pretty much everything, so I'll just wrap this review up quickly.  Average diner through and through.  I honestly wouldn't go here if it wasn't a 60 second walk from where I live, but a lot of times convenience wins.
Problems:
They pour your water from the beverage tap, but refills are accomplished by using the pitcher that probably been at your table since the place opened.............really?  can I trust that?  melrose?
The staff is sometimes nice, most times doesn't care.   Finally, when you check out, there is only one way out and it feels like a meat packing plant.Melrose has the perfect diner food that doesn't taste like crap that was run through the trash. I have spent many a drunk night here, and many a sober morning. 
I love sitting at the counter, but the booths are huge for a big group of people stumbling in after the bar. They definitely rush you to get in and out here, but it doesn't bother me because that's just the sort of stuff you deal with when you're going to any place that's been around forever in south philly. it's got an attitude of its own. the waitresses are super nice, they just need to make a quick turn around. i get it. 
greek omelettes are fantastic. their chocolate chip or blueberry pancakes are da bomb. big portions that you often can't finish. 
biggest gripe (that's not even really a big deal/gripe at all): the only hot sauce they have is tabasco. c'mon melrose, get some franks red hot up in this joint!magnesium glare in her eye
smoking from the molars
i might as well have stayed in richmond
.
.
.
nobody can save me now
.
2 years in hell
20 minutes on the phone
.
.
i havent been home sinceI gave three stars because of the quality of the food. Most of their dinner items are boring and taste pre-made or frozen. I don't think I've ever had anything fresh other than the veggies that come with the burgers. Honestly the prices should be half of what they are. However, the service makes up for a lot of their dishes. I appreciate the hospitality and fast service.It's a Philadelphia institution.  
It's typical classic diner food, not anything spectacular but not bad.  Decent pricing for South Philly, typical gruff Sou'Philly attitude - but hey:  it's part of the charm. 
(Or at least the experience). 
Breakfast at 2am still tastes good.  Their legendary apple pie is still my favorite. 
It's clean, it's cheap, and it's always open. 
Good enough.The food was pretty good and the service was friendly.  The main concern was our waitress had a cold and was sniffling all over.  I sent the silverware back because when it was unwrapped it was dirty.  I ordered a Greek chicken wrap, it was good but I think next time I would request no olives.  I love Kalamata olives but they made the wrap too salty.Wanted buffalo wings at 3AM while I was at the hospital, decided to go here but ugh. Worst buffalo wings I've ever had! They were soggy and salty and the cuts were just bad quality. The celery was super soggy and just disgusting... The service is nice which is the 1 star, but it was expensive for 6 wings... Around $10. I make them all the time at home and didn't think it'd be that hard to mess up, but boy did they mess up. The other 1 star is for giving me 3 blue cheeses when I asked for an extra.I'm in here more often than I'd like to admit! Everything we've ever gotten on the menu has been delicious, and huge portions for the price. The restaurant is spotlessly clean, and 24-hours to boot (one of these days I'll wander in at 1 AM and only get pie). Service has wavered between OK and stellar depending on our server - the last time our waitress was phenomenal, but a few weeks before our waitress was one of the worst I've ever had anywhere. So, take it with a grain of salt.Great Philly diner experience. Perfect place for late night munchies. Their pies are great. Not too sweet. Always an interesting crowd.This place is not at all what it used to be! Eggs very undercooked, potatoes tasteless and toast brought out 10 minutes before the eggs! Service was great but what kind of diner doesn't have teaspoons ask for one and was told we don't have them! Had to use a tablespoon for coffee that barely fit in mug!!The food is not very deserving of 5 stars (think typical drab diner food), but the buttercream cake deserves 50 stars!!! The cake is SO moist and delicious, and the icing, oh my, has got to be the best buttercream icing I've ever eaten. Nothing beats stopping here after a night of boozing in the city to grab two slices of cake!I use to love this place like 10 years ago but it also went downhill .The waitresses are so rude they act like your bothering them .their slogan is "everybody who knows goes to melrose " sorry to say but anybody who knows goes somewhere else..Alright, you gain a star because I decided to go here because it was 3AM on a Monday morning/Sunday night and the only thing open. I kinda liked my gyro. Just not the slow-ass service.I still like going here, I guess. 
The creamed chipped beef is awesome. The environment is good- for reading a newspaper and keeping to yourself. That is to say, the staff and the other patrons are  less than friendly. 
One thing I noticed- the mystique is gone! The days of "Everyone who knows goes to the Melrose!" are long gone. The menus, especially the breakfast menu, have been spayed and neutered. I remember all these specials, a col looking menu years ago. Now? It looks like something I printed out in MS Word. 
Yknow, you can do worse...The outside and inside visual presentation of the Melrose Diner is five stars - everything you would expect and love about a dinner! Extremely visually appealing!!! The wait staff were also wonderful and friendly!
Unfortunately the food was blah. I ordered the pot roast dinner which came with soup, salad, two sides, and dessert.  The pot-roast tasted too salty and otherwise blah. The gravy didn't taste like gravy should taste and wasn't even brown (it had a red-ish color). The salad was fresh and good, the coleslaw was blah, the lentil soup was very blah with no distinctive flavor, and the Coconut Custard pie was disappointing. The coffee was very good!
It's a real shame the food didn't live up to the decor. The Melrose Diner could be five stars all the way around with a new chef.Meh.  Not my favorite diner.  Most recently I ordered a Chicken Parmesan sandwich.  The bread tasted a little stale.  The chicken fingers were dried out.  The sauce didn't have much of a seasoning to it.  The whole things was sort of bland.  
I've never really had great service here.  I'd rather going to almost any other diner in Philly.I used to come here as a kid, and the Melrose was known for having great diner food and awesome coffee. Unfortunately with new owners the food quality took a nose dive. A bacon cheeseburger and fries was replaced with standard diner fries and a soggy bun. The coffee is eh, not bad but nothing to go out of the way for. It earns an extra star because the service at 3 am for a few semi-drunk people was decent enough. We got all our food in a timely manner and the late nite menu is edible at least.
I'm trying not to grade based on what this place used to be but it's hard considering how good the diner food was back in the day and not as sub standard as it is now. You could do worse, but the way the city has improved culinary-wise the last decade, you could do much, much better.My diner standards aren't very high.
If they are open late, serve hash browns, and refill my coffee quickly, I'm sold. 
On these fronts, Melrose delivers. 
As an added bonus, their chocolate milkshake is to die for.
Melrose is the place to be for all of your late night, I don't care what I eat as long as there's grease experiences.Let me start off by saying I have never dined here.   Never tried the food before.  I will however attest to the 5 star butter cream cake my staff got for me this week.  Fantastic.  I have never had such a creamy rich cake in my entire life.   I would go there to try this cake again.Haven't been to Philly for a couple years but this place great because it was exactly what you expect from a diner - seat yourself;  coffee in the morning etc. so I didn't feel like much of a tourist. I'm sorry other reviewers didn't have a good experience due to "rude service" but I can say that was definitely not the case with me.
**Btw the pancakes (my uncle had) are GREAT! Yellowy because of corn meal we think. Best pancakes in a while**It is a classic Philly institution but honestly - not the greatest diner in the world.  What really is interesting are the waitresses and regulars - some who have been coming here for 45 years.  (And a few servers who have worked here that long.)
I had a classic patty melt and it WAS greasy and a dietary mess.  Not sure if it was worth it as the food is really 2-3 stars at best.
Plus:  it's very inexpensive.  Great People watching.
For food - I prefer the Oregon Diner.
PenRose is Also good.As a kid I heard their ads on TV saying "Everybody who knows... goes... to Melrose!"  But at that time, in the far reaches of the Bucks County suburbs, South Philly felt like light years away,  Now I live within walking distance and many a South Philly night out end with the perfect 1 2 punch: the Republican 'til 3 then the Melrose 2 blocks east of there.  I usually get something comfort foody like an omlette or grilled cheese.  Generally, from what I can remember the food is good diner grub and the servers have all be pretty pleasant in dealing with my drunk ass.  And that's basically all I need at 4AM.  Just like other places I tend to wind up at (drunk) during a fun evening I'll have to give this place 5 stars.This place has the nerve to have a divider in the middle of each booth---meaning if you are a party of two, you'll both be seated on the same side of the booth.  And you may have 2 strangers opposite you, staring you in the face.  Very awkward, and a shameless attempt at "maximizing profit".  I have to tell you I have NEVER seen this before at any restaurant of any kind.  
As for the meal, a bagel and coffee, it was the blandest, supermarket-style bagel you can imagine, and for the coffee, NO FREE REFILLS!  Again, I go to just as many diners as the next guy, but I have never been denied a free refill of coffee.  Another pathetic cash grab.
When you go to pay, you are fed into an amusement-park style line feeder that shunts you thru a very narrow, glass enclosed lane til you are directly in front of the cashier.  I assume this is so folks don't leave without paying; however, it has the effect of making everyone passing thru feel like a criminal under strict supervision.
I hated the vibe of this place.  Never going back.I visited my old stomping grounds with my dad a few weeks ago....WTF did they do to the Melrose diner!!! Not only did they "remodel" but they took away the ambiance? I am so heartbroken. Yo, no one is old and nasty that works there anymore!!! WTF is that about? What's with the really lame new booths with the divider in the middle? The food was ok, but what happened to the drama -- they revamped all of the personality out of this place including the menu which is like 2 pages. What diner has a 2 page menu? And now that Broad St. diner is closed I will have to stick to Penrose diner or Oregon Avenue diner when I'm in South Philly, I guess. What is the world coming to?Been going here for years!!! I always get the same thing. Two turkey burgers, no fries, and I sub it with the twice baked potato. And the buttercream icing cake. The turkey burger is seasoned and grilled perfectly! The buttercream icing cake is to die for! It is the best cake I have ever had!!!This place was fantastic up till a few years ago. Now it even bums me out at 3 am when I can't see straight. Besides the one waitress who spilt her tragic life story to me and my girlfriend, the service is good.  Why  they would ever switch out PERFECT crispy flat home fries for bs hash browns is beyond me. Keep on going south to PennroseI lived right across the street from Melrose for a year and frequented this place a lot. (Probably too much.) They have awesome burgers and chicken fingers. They seriously have the best honey mustard I've ever had. I actually used to hate honey mustard until I had it at Melrose. Their steak and pasta was actually pretty damn good too. The waitresses are also the perfect amount of sassy. I miss you Melrose...I'll see your chicken fingers in my dreams.I really hate the booths here. They have no qualms about making four people squash together on one side, and have a different party sit right across/next to you. I think it's a rule that you have to be 65+ to waitress, so everyone kind of looks like a South Philly version of your grandma, and acts like it too. Food is normal diner fare, nothing special. I've been here tons of times and nothing really stands out for me. Breakfast is probably your best bet, but it can get crowded sometimes. Melrose is open 24/7, which is nice when it's 2am and you're drunk and hungry.The first word that comes to mind when I think of the Melrose is....clusterf&^*.  Melrose has no hostess, so the seating situation is a free for all.  In these parts, a minor dispute over a booth could lead to cold blooded murder, so for that reason alone I will probably not patronize Melrose.
The staff however was lovely, if not a little scary.  Our waitress proudly displayed her heat lamp burn scabs as a badge of honor.  
The food was pretty standard diner food.  I will say the prices here are really good...husband & I had pancakes, eggs, coffee & a side of scrapple for $20.
As mentioned in countless other previous reviews, the people watching is second to none.  It is just a revolving door of characters in there.
The reason I went to Melrose in the first place is because the Oregon was jam packed.  That will probably be the only reason I should ever return.I came here at around 7-8pm on a Wednesday night. When you first come in, it's a self seating diner so you can sit where ever you'd like. The service and food here was very upsetting. The waitress we had was very rude and we asked for water a couple of times until she finally gave it to us. The food was horrible, I can tell you that. I ordered the shrimp scampi and my aquintance ordered grillee cheese.
We started off with a soup which was so bad, it did not look or taste delicious. We received our oders and my shrimp scampi was very salty and I was not able to finish it. The grilled cheese was not a grilled cheese. It was not melted and the tomatos were soggy. The only thing that did taste okay was the fries, probably frozen. As I've said before, the serivce was horrible and she didn't bother to ask us if our meal was alright. The only thing I would come back for are the cookies, the butter cookies are the only memorable experience that I have here. Melrose, a Philly icon has definetly lose its taste and hopefully they'll be able to step up their diner game.Had to stop and try this landmark. Overall great breakfast. Just the diner experience I was dreaming about on the plane ride to philly. Wasn't busy on a Monday morning. Food took a little longer than expected but worth it. Great diner food.The Melrose is a Philadelphia Icon. It is a classic style diner with one twist, the booths are 1/2 circles that have a block in the middle so you actually face a total stranger so a conversation has to start. Interesting idea. Now the food is better than a typical greasy spoon diners cause they take some pride in what the serve. Their pastries are quite good ( especially the cheesecake ). I eat here when in town but as usual parking can be an issue at certain times of the day ( especially at meal times ). I love their pancakes. And their coffee could wake the dead. So you should give them a shot you could be surprised.Been here a handful of times with family and friends and always got something different for lunch and dinner. Everything is always delicious. Usually it's seat yourself, you feel like a regular and part of the neighborhood from your first visit. Service is good, cheap, yummy food. Highly recommend if you want something cheap, local and delicious.When I first  moved to Philly, back in the days I was living in Pennsport, I could'nt figure out where to find a local diner, and missed my old Chicago 24 hour haunts. Pre-Yelp days, I just had to wander around until I found one. I was relieved when I finally stumbled on Melrose - Philly is not a diner-less city (though we do seem to have less than most) Sure, it's not the best food in the world, but it will do. I haven't been for a few years, but the classic grilled cheese and fries after a long night always set me right. And the booth situation is uniquely hilarious.As long as the Melrose is there, some part of my Philly childhood remains. Good food, quaint artwork, and love-you-to-death service. Decent omelette as diner omelettes go. Hit this place whenever I'm in townThis place blows. I have always stood up for melrose diner. The food, the waitresses, the services were always excellent. Now, it's a bunch of non south philly employees and customers who shame you for being from the neighborhood. The food sucks, the staff sucks, and the service is absolutely horrendous. It's so sad. This place has changed for the WORST and I would advise you to take the 2 minute walk down Passyunk Ave and eat else where. THE ABSOLUTE WORST. STARVE BEFORE YOU EAT HERE!The omelette and fries I got extremely greasy - even for greasy spoon standards. Came here because it is open 24 hours so not a lot of options at 5 am.It's okay food, not bad.. not great.
The place generally looks very clean.
They have wonderful deserts. They make thier own.
And great for late night eatings..After a Sunday Funday of drinking in Center City, the Melrose Diner only being 1 block off the BSL seemed like a great idea.  It is a very very clean, cute diner that has everything a 1950's diner should have.  The menu has a good selection, the prices are good for a 24 hour place in South Philly, and the staff is what you would except at night.  The food was good, but I wasn't blown over by it.  I would go back but it may not be my first choice.The food is good and the service excellent. went there at 2:30AM and still got hot food and a smiley waiter. On the way out, grab some of the Melrose Diner's cookies ...they are succulent!The food is great, customer service is decent.
I usually get a ham & cheese omelette w/ homefries or a bacon cheeseburger and I've never had any complaints.
I go a couple times a month so they must be doing something right! 
:)Classic american diner food in a classic diner setting. This place looks like it's right out of a movie from the 1950's. The diner is super clean, and the waitress was very friendly. They greeted me right away and gave me water. My order was taken in a timely fashion and the food showed up less that 10 mins later. My BLT came with fries. The BLT was great but the fries were a little soggy. This is my only complaint. I had a great lunch here and would def return!!!Decent breakfast. Nothing spectacular. I heard their buttercake is amazing, but hasn't tried yet.This place is adorable! Totally has the "diner" feel! We sat at the counter just like the diners you see on TV. Food was decent, but the atmosphere was great. 
I had an omelet with toast & tried a piece of coconut custard pie. Omelet was alright, toast was toasted perfectly. Pie was not to my liking BUT in all fairness, I'm also not a fan of pie. Our server was friendly.I eat here from time to time when in south Philly.  I usually stop in to pick up one of their excellent apple pies, which they are known for.  Their food is typical diner food,  nothing outstanding, just average(except for the apple pie).This diner used to be a weekend ritual among my friends.  The breakfasts are delicious.Wow just got take-out at the Melrose Diner.  I think I just had the best tasting Veal Parmesan that I ever had.  I was also in and out in 5 minutes.  Not a problem. Will definitely go back again.  And only a block from the Broad Street Line.I'm not sure how anyone could consider the food here satisfying or even acceptable. Our meals were tasteless, bland and basically no frills. Look, I get that it is diner food but diner food doesn't have to suck.  Went here during the week after a show at the Academy of Music and it was pretty empty. Our waitress was cool- probably in her 60's or 70's and able to run around like a 25 year old .The hostess was a bit unprofessional walking around talking on her cell phone, shoving food in her mouth and outside smoking while we were at the counter waiting to pay.  We used to go here when we were kids and I remember the food and the atmosphere was so much better.  Its really gone down hill and I won't be back.  The Penrose Diner has much better food.  Don't waste your time here.I'm a philly girl through and through and wanted to pass on traditions to my baby girl....so we decided to share a meal at the melroa r.  From the moment we walked in, we were greeted with hospitality and south philly charm.  Tony and scott were above and beyond with top notch customer service...making jokes with my little girl, giving cookies, crayons and plenty of smiles.  The food was excellent... Patty melt with a handmade burger(no frozen crap here) and chicken Marsala for the hubby ...  Flavorful and relish.  Now to top it off the strawberry cheesecake was divine...creamy cheesecake topped with succulent berries and the perfect amount of sweetness.  Yum!!!
The booths were a great size with the table not super far away or crushing into your gut and nice and comfy cushions.  So here's to keeping to philly style...everybody who knows, goes to melrose!!!Went in for breakfast on Sunday morning. It was very busy. We were greeted when we arrived and told the wait wouldn't be long and she was right. As soon as we sat she asked us if we wanted coffee and brought it right back. Its worth the wait.  The service was amazing and so was the food. It was my first time there and I will be going back.This place has been there forever, but it is still a pretty good place to have breakfast.  And their butter cream cake is the best...anywhere.