This was our first time in Philly & we drove by this place & decided we had to try it. It's a super warm, inviting lunch spot. Andre the cashier was really helpful in explaining the menu and background to Melt craft, and the rest of the staff was genuinely friendly. I had the classic grilled cheese with roasted chicken, and my boyfriend had the combo with tomato soup. Everything was delicious! The music was good, the decor was unique and really cozy. Definitely will go back next time we're in town to try some of the famous milkshakes!Yum yum yum. I was visiting from New York for work and needed a quick lunch. This spot was SPOT ON. Their menu was easy to understand and there were 3-4 that i couldn't decide on. I went with the bacon and tomato with a side of tomato soup. The presentation is great in a box and the grilled cheese was perfection. Perfectly crisp and lots of flavor. The cheese melted as you pulled it away and once dipped in the tomato soup,... reminds me of a nice winter day at home. 
Friendly staff and free cup of waters. Cool spot, for sure!Just threw my $12 bucks in the trash... Terrible sandwich. Ordered a basic grilled cheese... basically had no cheese on it. The cheese that was on it, burnt to a crisp. The bread was soggy and soaked in grease. Nasty!!! Never coming here again. Do yourself a favor and go to Milkhouse on 19th, they know how to make a grilled cheese!Omg this place is so amazing. I've been to the one in Reading Terminal plenty of times but the sandwich I had here was so much better - mostly cuz there wasn't a crazy rush and I was able to actually contemplate my order and customize it.
I ordered the Melter Skelter as usual but got garlic on it and it was THE best grilled cheese I ever had. I went with about 6 other people and every single person loved it and had great things to say.
If you like grilled cheese, the only question I have for you is - why haven't you been here yet?My boyfriend and I were really disappointed in the food here. I ordered the red, white, green grilled cheese with fries and both were underdone. He ordered the melter skelter and asked for no watercress. The woman said the sandwiches are pre-made and could not accommodate that. We tried to order a milkshake and the woman said they were out of milkshakes for the day; we went at 5:00 pm. That was pretty strange lol. We tried to ask for salt and pepper and the woman said they don't have any on hand. The upstairs seating was closed, but the downstairs was pretty nice. Overall, I think the employees weren't that into their job lol.Meltkraft is just okay. Came in during the lunch rush and on National Grilled Cheese Day (we didn't mean to) but service remained quick and efficient. However, like many have said, the grilled cheese won't be the best you've ever had. I had the Somerset and the ingredients sounded exciting, but it was just bland. Even the bread didn't have much of a kick. Fills the stomach, but doesn't excite the mouth. Skip the soup. It's also not very flavorful and is chunky and bitter (much like myself). 
Four stars because even though it was so busy, we were still able to get our food quickly and find a table upstairs where we could have a leisurely (if unexciting) meal. Probably won't be returning, though, since better grilled cheese is to be had elsewhere.Thanks to Yelp, I gave Meltkraft (Valley Shepherds Creamery) a shot. Glad I did. Excellent grilled cheese sandwich & soup. I got The Classic grilled cheese w/bacon (comes w/chips) and a small cup of roasted tomato soup. Even after the sandwich cooled, the cheese was gooey and stringy. Will return here on my next trip to Philly and The Reading Terminal Market.The sandwich I had was amazing. I had the Brielle, which is a brie cheese sandwich with cranberries and pine nuts. Also had quite a delicious vanilla milk shake. Next I want to try the Valley Thunder.I'm so glad they opened a location in Center City. I've had most of the grilled cheeses and they're all great. Staff is generally friendly and helpful. I usually go before the lunch rush because when it gets busy the wait time can be pretty long. I wish it were a little cheaper and that they'd have fresh mozzarella on hand earlier because the Fresh Mozz is my favorite sandwich (second to the Brielle) but that's more my problem for getting there so early. Fresh mozzarella is worth the wait. I wouldn't recommend the milkshakes (they were gummy - I don't know how else to explain that) but the desserts are good.I love grilled cheese and I love this place.  I'm there once a week, like clockwork.  I normally keep things simple with the Classic sandwich (cheese, cheese, and more cheese) or the Somerset (Gruyere, ham, cornichons, and mustard), but I have also tried the Brielle (brie, cranberry chutney, and sauteed onions -- very rich).  Everything has always been delicious, crispy, and melty.  Great, now I want a sandwich.
As an aside, I haven't personally tried their gluten free bread, but a friend tells me it's good.  However, they apparently can't make every sandwich on it because of the bread's structural limitations.Fantastic panini sandwiches and truffle fries. A touch expensive, but it's downtown Philly across from Bloomingdales. Delicious!Overall very good food, I got half a valley thunder and half a "popewich special". The cheeses tasted fantastic and the meats seemed very fresh. Service was very fast and everyone was super nice. 
The "designer" drinks they have are delicious, especially Mash. They also have Boylans on tap. The only reason for the 4 stars is that the prices were a little high for the portion of food that you're receiving. After all, it's a grilled cheese..I always feel sort of bad for buying grilled cheese because it's pretty easy to make at home, and I'm not sure that I can go to meltkraft completely guilt free. But, I will say they do make a pretty solid grilled cheese. 
I tried the valley thunder and the bread and cheese were really good. The brisket had a nice flavor, but was a little chewy, and kind of difficult to eat. I also tried the tomato soup which was nice, but nothing super special. The sandwich + soup combo cost about $13 which is a little pricier than what I'd want to spend on lunch. 
I really give this place a 3.5, but since I'll probably stop in again, I'll round it up to 4 for this review.Meltkraft.... I've been plotting on this muthafucka since like Valentine's Day but never got around to it but today I had time cuhz today I had time! I got the valley Thunder jawn with the chips on the side with the pomegranate blueberry low calorie soda to wash that jawn down with... Which was the nasty shit I've ever tasted. You guys woulda got 5 stars if it wasn't for that soda but all that's shit was hitting an filled me up. The price was pricey but not too much to start bitchin about, my gf got the classic cuz she never knows what to get but all in all it was good. Definitely would come again! Perfect vibe btwI've been here once before and was happy, but came for lunch today and was very impressed! The food is always great, i've had the valley thunder and the brielle, as well as the tomato soup. All were fantastic, the cheese is all their own and they clearly use high quality ingredients. But what really struck me today was the customer service. Everyone i interacted with was so polite and friendly, and it was quick too. They also gave me a drink on the house so i got to try one of the craft sodas they carry which are also wonderful. The quality of food and service you receive here is definitely worth the price!I visited this place a few weeks ago, and had a disappointing experience (see below). After posting my review, the manager got in touch with me, apologizing for the poor quality, which she ascribed to the fact that the store had only recently opened and the staff was still in its break-in period (a reasonable explanation). She also invited me to try them again. 
I've recently revisited them unannounced (so hopefully they didn't recognize me and take special efforts that other people might not get), and am happy to upgrade my rating. This time around I tried the Melter Skelter, "Raclette, pickled green tomatoes, jalapeno, bbq potato chips[!] and watercress. That was one of the sandwiches I considered trying in my original visit, and I backed off of it in favor of the Valley Thunder because I was afraid of how well all those conflicting flavors were going to play with each other.
Turns out the combination was much more harmonious than I anticipated. The sandwich was nicely prepared and the cheese was well-melted and in good proportion. The jalapenos are finely chopped and applied more with an eye towards flavor than heat -- combining with the Swiss-like raclette, it came off as as kind of stretchier jalapeno jack. The chips, which softened a little but still had some texture to them and the watercress added nice spice and green counterpoints. What was kind of missing-in-action were the green tomatoes, which were clearly visible in the sandwich but didn't really proclaim themselves in the flavor. Then again, I haven't had any experience with this vegetable, so given that every ingredient was employed to mesh with each other, it's just as likely that the tomatoes' contribution was just subtle enough not to fully stand out.
I am frankly relieved to post a better review for this place -- on both visits the staff was friendly and clearly eager to please, so I regretted that my first experience did not live up to expectations. I'll leave it to others to weigh in on whether they've upped their game with the Valley Thunder -- the Helter Skelter works for me and I'll be looking forward to trying their specials (and maybe, next time, that tomato soup) soon.Good: Nice atmosphere and friendly staff
Bad: 1) For $10 I expected more than a couple drops of brisket that I could barely taste on my sandwich 2) Too greasy and frankly I just didn't enjoy it, maybe Im just spoiled from trying Say Cheese for the first time but I at least expected something that tasted better than a grilled cheese I make for myselfIf you live in Philly or you're around just to visit MUST try their toasts! Delicious and just right! As soon as you walk into the store you smell the melted cheese yumm. Keep in mind that that smell will stay with your clothes once you leave the place as well. lol. The air doesnt circulate bc its a closed space but the sandwiches are goood!I almost always get the Brie and chutney grilled cheese but all of their grilled cheeses look (and smell) delicious.Love the little guys. Perfectly imperfect. Food was great, lots of options for classic plain grilled cheese as well as all "chef-ie" grilled cheeses. The concept and staff look like a perfect match. Very nice staff. Quick 5 minutes later I had two fresh grilled cheeses to go with chips and only $6.50 each. If you want a grilled cheese, this hits the spot.I was on my way to Jimmys next door when I saw this. I got interested.. So I walked in and took 5 minutes to absorb the resume and I was unable to choose what I wanted. 2 of everything??
Anyways I ordered the melter Skelter with a vanilla milkshake that had butterfingers pieces in it. It was amazing.. I know where to go for dinner tomorrow!
Also the customer experience was phenomenal. I was very impressed.FIY: They have 2 locations in Philly but I recommend going to their store front by Rittenhouse Square for comfortable seating. Also do yourself a favor and grab WATER & NAPKINS!!! You're going to need them, trust me 
Meltkraft is like an answered prayer. Literally my idea of a gift given to humanity. This is what dreams are made of ladies and gentlemen.
WHAT I GOT: Valley Thunder
PROS: This grilled cheese is single handily the BEST grilled cheese I've ever eaten. Ever. Period. Out of all the times I've been here, I always get the Valley Thunder because I mean really. How do you deny a sandwich filled with brisket and mac and cheese, all smothered in cheesy goodness? Simple. You don't. The portions are just right and the combination of ingredients is heavenly. It's a win-win in my book.
CONS: The grilled cheese can be a bit on the heavy end and it's something you definitely want to eat while it's still hot. Getting water, or something to cut the richness is recommended.Sometimes you can over do it. I think that is what happened with Meltkraft. The bread was too much, the price was too much ($30 for two grilled cheese sandwiches!!) and the experience was poor. The first missed warning sign was the empty seating area at 6:30 on a weeknight. Second issue was whole space filled with the smell of burnt bread. After missing the most obvious sings to walk back out the door, I went ahead and ordered only to be told all sandwiches are pre-made and cannot be customized.
After what felt like an eternity, I was hand delivered two sandwiches in a cardboard box that tasted like greasy buttery sponges. Also the tomato soup (a staple with any grilled cheese) was the consistency of marinara sauce.
Save yourself the heartache and heartburn and go anywhere else!Being a huge fan of all food that involve cheese I really wanted to like meltkraft. I've heard a lot of good things about this place so I finally decided to give it a try. I ordered the classic grilled cheese and a tomato soup and boy was I disappointed. I found both parts of the meal to be VERY bland. You would think with three different kinds of cheese the sandwich would have a little more flavor. Tomato soup is also a very basic dish that was not good from here. It was flavorless and way too chunky. I'll save my $12 and continue to make my grilled cheese at home.I was a little disappointed in the selection of grilled cheese sandwiches (you would think they could expand a little bit on the concept of a grilled cheese). Staff was nice and food was delivered prompt. I was very disappointed in the quality of the food. For $11 I got a VERY greasy and oily grilled cheese sandwich AND SOUP. I mean I don't mind a little grease but come on- how can you make tomato soup that oily?! I will not be returning to this place.Great grilled cheese but my favorite is the ungrilled one with fresh mozzarella, tomatoes, and prosciutto!Best grilled cheese spot in Philly- hands down. I tried their special (pretty sure it was called the Road Runner) which had mozzarella, roasted tomatoes, grilled chicken, green peppers, and they added basil for me at no extra charge. It came out warm, gooey, and quite quickly too! I also got an order of their tomato soup which was really good as well, it tasted very homemade/fresh and definitely hadn't been drowned in cream like most other tomato soups I've tried. My order came with some fancy kettle cooked chips which were awesome as well, I couldn't tell what the seasoning was but it was great!The food is great. They make a great gluten free sandwich that is close to work. That being said the service less than great. There is only one person at the counter and it takes forever to order because they need to tell everyone about everything they order. Most people don't have time to spend 15 minutes waiting to order and then another 10 for sandwich.  It's a let down from the Reading Terminal location.Good grilled cheese jawn. I had the classic, and the cheeses were thick and yummy. Better than most diners' grilled cheese. Nice atmosphere, boylan sodas I enjoy, tasty dill (?) chips on the side of my sandwich. A good spot to grab lunch with a friend if you're passing through.It was a really nice atmosphere. It was my first time going there and the cashier took the time to explain to me the special of the day and what the differences in the cheeses would taste like. I ordered the "Classic" and added in some bacon and it was really good. It was really cheesy just the way I like my grilled cheese sandwiches! I would've given the place 5 stars but I paid $1.99 for a 12oz soda, and that was a bit expensive. Overall, it's a great place. I recommend it if you like grilled cheese sandwiches.Who doesn't love cheese? Well this was a perfect spot to get your grilled cheese. 
The workers were wonderful and very pleasant. The food was prepared quickly and when they say 2 mins it's literally 2 mins. I ordered the  Brielle  which was brie, cranberry chutney , caramelize onions , pine nuts on brioche with a side of kettle chips.  The sandwich was cheesy and very tasty. I like the combination of cranberry and the brie , it blended well together and it was delicious. 
I would definitely come back here again.This is my first review ever. I'm not one to complain but this experience was very frustrating. Hours posted on the door and online are 10:30am. I arrived at 10:36AM and the door was locked. I looked in the window and the girl at the counter shook her head "no" to say they weren't open. I called their number and she answered the phone like business as usual. I asked her what time they're opening and she said "ummmmmmm today 10.....45?" like she just made up a random time to open. I returned at 11 and the door was still locked. The girl ran to the back when she saw me and then turned off the light. If they were experiencing some technical difficulties it would have just been pleasant customer service to come to the door and say so.Ordered the Valley Thunder: "'Valley Thunder' cheddar, Bubbe's beef brisket and baked  macaroni and cheese." The lone slice of brisket was pulled out with the first bite, and revealed itself to be more fat than meat. Cheese in the middle was unmelted, and if there was macaroni and cheese in there, I couldn't detect it.
For what it's worth, the cheese was tasty, the toasting on the bread was nicely done, and the staff was friendly.  But given that it isn't all that hard to make a really good grilled cheese sandwich at home, this needed to be a lot more to be worth almost nine dollars.
UPDATE: The manager has gotten in touch with me, apologizing for the quality of my sandwich and inviting me to come back and try them again. I'm going to do that, and will update my review afterward. For the present, please treat the above review as the result of a newly-opened shop undergoing its growing pains.My boyfriend and I came here on a Sunday morning after trying to go the evening before and finding out it closed at 7 pm. Anyway, I had been craving grilled cheese for a pretty long time.
We ordered the Red, White, and Green with chicken and the Shepherd Classic.
With the RWG, the flavors just didn't seem to go well together. You could tell it was fresh but definitely a little off.
The classic was better. Although inconsistent, there were some parts of the sandwich that were very delicious. 
The redeeming part of the meal was the strawberry milkshake! Though I wish it were served a little colder, it was really yummy and definitely hit the spot. 
Probably won't come back because of the prices, but I'm glad we went.Best grilled cheese I've ever had! Normally go for the classic with heirloom tomatoes and it always comes out super cheesy (cue gif where you pull apart a grilled cheese and there's strings of gooey cheese).  Today I went for Andre's special sandwich called "The Sassy Chicken," which has BBQ chicken, caramelized onions, and of course cheese and it was delicious! Great combo! Also, Andre, as well as the rest of the staff, were really friendly and helpful! Don't forget to ask for a discount if you work in the area!!I love meltktaft. When they opened up this whole new space last year (outside of their location in Reading Terminal Market) I was really excited. They're open until 730pm most nights, which is great because Reading Terminal closes at 6pm. 
Last night I got the Brielle, and then got Mac N Cheese added on to it. Wow, it was delicious. Caramelized onions, baked brie, cranberry chutney. Highly recommended. O, and when we were finishing up our sandwiches they came by our table and gave us a free sample of one of their ice creams! Awesomesauce.Yum! Yum! Grilled cheese never tasted so delicious. If you are a fan of mac & cheese try the Valley Thunder that comes with mac & brisket. Yes! 
 I tried the Reading Terminal location but it can get congested and closes at 5:30 so the Rittenhouse spot  is a needed addition. 
The tummy filling sandwich comes with potato chips and its recommended to add the tomato soup on the side. I didn't however, since I wanted to keep my order under $10.00.  
My opinion, the grilled cheese is better than Milkhouse because the of the menu choices available. However, the high price of their cookies is unreasonable. Please lower cookies!!Disappointed 
Was looking for a quick lunch with a little balance between decadence and health. Opted for the Classic grilled cheese and the kale fennel slaw. 
I will say it was quick, but nothing else would prompt me to return. The sandwich was just okay. Bread was done in a press rather than on a grill, and chewy rather than that slight buttery crisp I expected. Cheese was stretchy and rather bland. 
The slaw was even more disappointing at $3 for a tiny side cup. Taste was okay but too much liquid. Reminded me of a side of cole slaw you'd get at a diner.I love their simple classic grilled cheese with tomatoes soup and black cherry soda!
Great meal and definitely fillingIt is so cold in Philly right now and as I was walking down 17th street I saw "Melt Kraft". Grilled cheese sounded perfect. Intrigued, I wandered inside and took a look at their menu. I decided on the "Brielle" mostly because I wanted to use brie puns on social media(it was meant to brie!). Turns out they make an amazing grilled cheese and their tomato soup is pretty damn good too. They also don't have the usual coke or Pepsi products but had Boylan's(I think?) Soda. I opted for the creamy birch beer. So good. Thank you, Melt Kraft! I will be back.taste:      4 out of 5 (3 = middle, quality)
quantity: 3 out of 4 (3 = middle)
price :     1 out of 2 (1 = middle, depends on quantity and quality*)
service:  N/A
Interior:  1 out of 2 (1 = middle)
Total: 9 out of 13
Ordered: The Roadrunner
Taste: Taste is good. I recommend you this house as a one of food tour in Philadelphia. Specially the Roadrunnder is a little spicy with cheese. Also, the taste is good enought to do not need to use ketchup. and it is toasted well. It comes with Fried chips, but chips and toast is not match, I think. If it comes with fried sweet potato or fried
potato, it would be more match. 
quantity: Good Enough, it comes with chips.
Price: Not expensive, with drink, 12 dollar is enough
service: the service is you can order and you pick up.
Interior: The place located on middle of the street. If you like to come as a visitor of Philadelphia, this place is good. Only thing I do not like is smog. The inside of this store is a little foggy because of toast.My sister told me about this place and I ended up walking by it the next day. The Brielle sandwich I ordered was absolutely delicious. I ordered it to go and by the time I got all the way home it was still warm and gooey! I will definitely be going back, they also deliver!I got the Melter Skelter and was super underwhelmed.  I was excited for some crunch from the chips, and it was just soggy!  Maybe the other sandwiches would've been better, but I felt like I paid a lot for a grilled cheese that just wasn't great!Delicious!!! We popped in for a quick lunch, ordered the Valley Thunder and the Italian Stallion although I did swap out the prosciutto for bacon. The staff was friendly and the small cozy eating area was clean and comfortable. Cheese is made from a farm in NJ, a video is projected on the wall that walks the diner through the cheese making process. Loved it for a quick and delicious lunch.I've been stalking this place, but I haven't had the opportunity to check it out yet since it's been sweltering, and grilled cheese is my cold-day comfort food.
Well today was a cold day... and BOY was I ever COMFORTABLE!  I met my bestie here for a lunch date.  I got the melter skelter which was more of a zippy sandwich.... plus tomato soup because what's a grilled cheese without it?  She got the classic grilled cheese with ham... and tomato soup too.  They were out of quite a few things which we overheard being problematic to others, but it didn't really impact us much.  They WERE out of watercress which wasn't a big deal.  Sub in spinach and I'm a happy camper.  We were on the later side of the lunch rush, and we know they pride themselves on freshness... so we get it.  We took our lunch to the tables upstairs for some nomming privacy, and dug in.  The sandwich was delicious.  I wish it was a bit spicier as it had some zippy ingredients, but it was pretty benign.  That being said, the tomato soup was amazing.  It was clearly homemade and very fresh.  The sour cream and onion chips made a great side car, and the whole thing just worked.
I left with a distinguishable cheese face.  I've decided I would come back here in a heartbeat... which is good because we're going into cold-days which need lots of comfort food!Meltkraft is my favorite grilled cheese place in Philly, so I was extremely excited that they opened a second location in Rittenhouse (first location in Reading Terminal.) I usually get the Helter Skelter, but literally every grilled cheese they make is amazing. They are great about not overwhelming the sandwich with cheese to the point that you can't taste anything else. They had a special last week that was the classic with tomato, arugula and garlic rub (I think) and that was the best one I've had. ALL CHEESE LOVERS MUST GO.Ehm. It was ok. I spent 11.04 for a sandwich and a cookie. The sandwich did not live up to my expectations. The mac and cheese on the sandwich didn't have much cheese. The sandwich was kinda skimpy. The cookie from 4th st cookies, was not made today. I don't know if I will be back.Decor, great. Staff, great. Milkshake, great. Food, terrible. The bread was good but the crust was stale. The cheese was oily and had a weird taste to it. The side of chips were gross. I would only go back for a milkshake. 
PS $7+ for a CLASSIC grilled cheese (cheese and bread) is highOMG this shit is so nice!! i avoided it for a while because the "k" in the name reminded me of kraft mac and cheese so i figured it wouldn't be high quality food but it totally is!!!!! the cheeses taste really fuxxing amazing!!!!! also the sandwiches are huge so don't worry about not being full. One thing - LOWER THE PRICES ON THE COOKIES!!! even insomnia cookies has cheaper prices.... lololol. plus the shakes are like 5-6 bucks? I forget but its just hard to spend that much on a drink lol
ALSO wtf their tomato soup is extremely chunky and not goodI stopped by Meltkraft on a whim because it was a cold day and nothing beats the cold weather blues like grilled cheese. The staff was very friendly and helpful and despite the variety of sandwiches, I went with the plain old classic grilled cheese.
The sandwich was cheesy and for the most part, tasted fine. It comes with chips and many of them were stuck to my sandwich, leaving them greasy and soggy. 
Despite the cute decor and friendly service, I probably won't be back to Meltkraft due to the prices. I'll stick to making grilled cheese myself or going to a diner, where I can get one for $2 or $3.Meltkraft is really good. Been here twice, once first when they opened, ordered a Brielle which obviously is melted brie grilled cheese. It was very delicious, but glad I added sun dried tomatoes to give it more taste and size. I loved it, but didn't love the price which rang in around 10 bucks for a grilled cheese. 
My second time here for lunch was just a week ago, ordered a Brielle again, can't you tell I love brie!? But this time added some spring mix lettuce to it, which also helped make the sandwich delicious. My bread was a tad over-cooked, because the corners were kind of rubbery and hard by the time I got back to my office, I couldn't eat the corner crusts, but the center and best part of the grilled cheese was delicious. 
Overall, 4 stars, because they have some fresh, delicious, creative grilled cheese options, and it tastes sooooo good. But the best part of this 4 rating is now Melt Kraft gives 20% discount for the locals who work nearby, so for me, who works 1 block away, I will definitely keep coming back here for lunch breaks since this is an amazing deal!I'm definitely having mixed opinions about this place. I do love grilled cheese and milkshakes, however their grilled cheese was way too salty for me. I got the classic and a chocolate milkshake for $12. The place is small and cozy with plenty of seats. The toast is crunchy and buttery and the cheese was stringy. I just wish it wasn't as salty.. otherwise the milkshake was really good and chocolatey!I've been wanting to try this restaurant as it is close to my work. Today was the day. I left earlier to beat the downtown lunch crowd and was able to find a seat. They have a good selection of vegetarian options and they all sound delish. I decided to start with the Classic which is Three Valley Shepherd Cheeses and nothing else. of course, you can add on for extra ie Roasted Tomato. It was very creamy and good. Wish they had pesto to add on for a little kick. 7 Grilled sandwiches(4 which are vegetarian options) , one Not grilled(another vegetarian option), Chips come with order. They also sell one soup: Roasted Tomato  which is excellent with grilled cheese sandwiches, if you have room and Kale & Fennel Slaw. Plus yummy Baked Cookies. the employees are friendly. Space upstairs if main section is crowded. Come early, is my advice. I plan to come back to try my next vegetarian selection!I decided to treat myself for a lunch out at this new little restaurant close to work. Had a great Brielle sandwich (Bri with cranberry chutney, caramelized onions, and toasted pine nuts). It reminded me of Thanksgiving, especially paired with a pumpkin shake (best part of the meal). I ordered a side of tomato soup, which was ok, but I'm admittedly not a tomato soup fan. The combo worked however on a rainy day. I'm knocking it down a star because over $16 is a bit much for lunch.Not that great. Besides little food for a steep price, I feel like I could have made better in my own kitchen. I had the Somerset w/greyuere. Ingredients were lacking bite. Except the chips. Those were excessively salty. Not worth a return trip for me.The food is a solid 4- simple, well crafted melts goodness, but the pics of goats and the staff did it for me. 
For an "order at the counter" kinda place, the cashier brought me my food. That type of gesture signifies everything you need to know about the food and place. 
Total yummmmAs a self-proclaimed (and proud) cheese addict, I cannot believe it's taken me so long to try Meltkraft! I ordered the "original" for my first visit, but cannot wait to try the rest of the menu. My sandwich was warm, cheesy, and a perfect size. 
Although this may be personal preference, I would appreciate the option to skip the chips and substitute for something else as a side. Other than that, Meltkraft is my new go-to for a comfort food craving!Meltkraft has a bunch of fancy grilled cheese sandwiches, but none of them sound good to me. I stuck with the classic, which is made up of three cheeses. Grilled cheese is a classic sandwich that is always going to be good. But I can make a grilled American cheese with bacon at home that is better than their classic. There are better choices for a grilled cheese sandwich around Rittenhouse.Really great place when you're craving some quality grilled cheese. I visited on a rainy and gross Sunday and was the only person there but I can imagine, given the location, them being packed on weekdays. Food stayed hot for quite some time despite the hike back to my hotel in the rain. The employees were super nice. As for the cheese, I went with the classic (I had them add jalapeños = delicious!) along with the roasted tomato soup. The best test is on the basics and they passed! Both my grilled cheese and soup were delicious. It was enough food to be both my lunch and dinner. The soup wasn't super chunky like others have said (after all it is roasted tomato soup not a bisque!) Overall I was really happy with my meal!
Why didn't they get four stars or five stars? Their process. I take great pride in making grilled cheese the proper way. I was horrified when I saw their line of panini grills. ALL they do is grilled cheese! The quick shortcut really bothered me. Slapping together ingredients and putting them into a press is not what grilled cheese is about!This place isn't really anything too special- it's a solid, overhyped grilled cheese. They have creative grilled cheeses, but I definitely don't recommend the fries. They were soft and soggy and the just didn't stay. 
I would come back here if I was hungry and there wasn't anything else, but probably wouldn't proactively come here again.An entire store devoted to grilled cheese!! My heaven. I have been dying to try meltkraft and finally made my way over. I shared the Valley Thunder, which had cheddar, Bubbe's beef brisket, and macaroni and cheese. It was good but I thought it would have had more brisket.  They advertised that the grilled cheese is served with kettle chips but we definitely received regular Herrs style potato chips...disappointed with that.Come with an empty belly; even the classic is super filling! What can I say? Leave it to Philly to have a place just for all your grilled cheese needs! I mean who doesn't get that random craving for grilled cheese and tomato soup? Meltkraft definitely satisfies those cravings. It lives up to everything I've heard about it. Definitely recommend!Its been a while since I ate a cheeseful of white bread sandwich!!! While I did enjoy eating it...I felt guilty to death eating that cheese!!! 
I tried Green, White & Red Sandwich (included basil, cheese and tomatoes) with side of potato chips. I would have enjoyed it a little more only if it had a little more basil and tomatoes to balance out the cheese. Only 1 basil leaf per slice and 3-4 small chunks of tomatoes. Overall it was very filling!Grilled Cheese, perfectly toasted and gooey delicious cheesiness inside...need I say more?
Meltkraft is a fantastic place to grab grilled cheese after a long day of shopping in Rittenhouse!
Come HUNGRY, the sandwiches here are big and delicious, you won't be able to stop eating!
If I had to choose one as my absolute favorite, it would be the Valley Thunder. But I like to order different things each time, I also like to try the specials.  I can always count on my guy to get one with meat, so I tend to order one of the other options for myself since we share. The red white and green is a great simple and fresh sandwich, and the brielle is also delicious! This whole Menu is fantastic!
Don't forget to see what their special sandwich is before you order!  Some of these are serious gems!Meltkraft has been on my hit-list for a little while now, and I finally let my toasted cheese itch get the better of me this evening. Meltkraft is the place I've been wanting to go ever since I saw & smelled their delicious sandwiches at the Reading Terminal Market. Thankfully they have a new(er) location right here in my Rittenhouse Square neighborhood.
The order lady was super cool and helpful with her suggestions. I knew I wanted something with their fresh mozzarella cheese, so 'The Mozz' was definitely on my mind. She suggested adding some of their balsamic vinaigrette to compliment the mozz. And I'm a carnivore, so I wanted to try their roasted chicken on it too. And they serve local colas, so I tried one of those too, and very happy that I did.
The Mozz was served on a very fresh, crispy baguette, and it was a tummy full; and I'm a pretty hearty eater. Granted, cheese is pretty heavy and can stick with you for a while; but I feel relatively satisfied for my $12, and I can be very critical of prices. As you can see in my picture, you can't miss the chunks of mozzarella Meltkraft puts in there. It's made here in Philly, and it's definitely some of the freshest, best mozz that I've had in a long time. The roasted chicken had a great flavor to it. And the entree was served with some dill-seasons kettle chips, apparently made on-site.
The restaurant itself is like a cute little wooden cottage inside. The chairs are hefty, and the tables were a gorgeous wood. My buddy thoroughly enjoyed his Valley Thunder, apparently their signature toasted cheese sandwich. It's much more akin to what you would expect, both of sight and ingredient; and it's something that I'll probably try on my next visit. If I can tear myself away from another yummy Mozz (which is my favorite cheese)! The lady said they should have Apple Pay soon, and perhaps other forms of contactless modern payments, once their scheduled system upgrade takes place.
This all added up to a 5-star as good as it gets kind of feeling for me. Check it out yourself, see if you agree. You definitely shouldn't leave hungry, from this place! Heck, that ball of cheese in my tummy still has me filled up from my visit, a whole 2 hours earlier!Any time a new spot opens up a couple blocks from my house, I get pumped. I read reviews about the location in Reading Terminal which I have never been to so I had high expectations. Unfortunately, I was let down. It's really hard to mess up grilled cheese but this specific location may be experiencing some growing pains. I ordered the Valley Thunder: cheddar, Bubbe's beef brisket and baked macaroni and cheese. 
First thought, how could you go wrong? Apparently you can. Mac n cheese was damn near indistinguishable with the cheese because it was so mushy. The amount of brisket in the sandwich was just sad. Slices were literally the thickness of piece of paper folded in half. The edges of the sandwich were crispy, not in a good way. They were so burnt, you couldn't bite into it; it was literally inedible. 
I'll toss it up to rough growing pains for this new location. Hopefully they figure it out. I'll give it another shot in a couple weeks.