I've been to Meritage twice, the first time for restaurant week, and the second time for dinner.  The first time was very good, so we went back.  The second time was a different experience.  We made a reservation, but had to wait about half an hour for our table (it happens, didn't ruin the meal).  We ordered calamari and a salad to start with.  They were good.  The calamari was crisp and spicy.  For dinner we ordered chicken and short ribs.  The chicken was good, but not much on the plate beside the chicken.  The short ribs were sent back, which is something we never do.  We eat short ribs a lot, so we know what to expect, but these were chewy.  And it was a "small plate" so there wasn't much meat to just eat around the chewy parts, it was all chewy.  The waitress came back and told us "the chef thinks we should order something else".  Either they ran out of non-fatty pieces, or the chef thinks we are nuts.  Either way we switched entrees, and the second was much better.
Meritage is good, but for the price, not worth going back to.This is a really nice place to eat.  The walls are yellow but varied, and the decorations are pleasant to the eyes.  The seating is nice, and the wait staff is polite, helpful but not pushy, and very patient.  
We have eaten there several times on Tuesday nights just so we can try the Vegan special plate meals.  The portion sizes are perfect, and the variation in food is terrific. The food was brought to us quickly, so I never waited long between courses.  Also, when we were not getting new food, the staff was filling and re-filling our glasses.
I love the creative ways that the food is presented. For example, a tomato consomme is served in a cute little glass, but if you close your eyes when you drink it, you think you are eating a traditional mozzarella, tomato and basil salad.  Every item is photogenic, and I have the photos to prove it.  I really enjoyed the chick pea stew and the swiss chard dish.  I also loved the tomato salad. Why doesn't tomato salad taste like that when I make it? 
It is difficult for me to describe anything about the experience or the food that I did not like. Therefore, I guess it is truly a five star restaurant!Seasonal menu and the food is fresh. The restaurant likes to use root vegetables that are not very common. Portions are appropriate and not too much. Service was slow and confused when we were here, but overall a good place. Had the chicken dish which was tender.To be fair, I went for drinks not the food and the bartender was amazing, both friendly and professional. We ended up ordering some bar snacks which were teeny-tiny in portion size which wasn't a problem since we'd eaten beforehand, but one dish was beyond salty. Given the reviews, maybe a do-over to do a proper dinner sometime.What I liked about this place the most was the way the bar faced looking out of the windows onto the street.  There is nothing better than a martini, a glass of wine, and good conversation at the same time the sidewalks providing fodder for jocular remarks from the bar patrons.
We just stopped here for cocktails and apps on a beautiful fall night.  We tried the seasonal pumpkin soup.  A wonderful consistency, appearance but just a very simple squash like flavor, almost bland.  The three cheese plate was very good; a hard goats milk cheese, a mid-textured blue and a soft triple cream, with a couple of complimenting chutneys/jam and crostini.  
It is definitely a place to return for that atmosphere I so enjoyed at the bar.Came here for the vegan tasting menu. It was pretty good. I would definitely be back more often if they had vegan menu items on a regular basis. The staff were very knowledgable about wine pairings as well.Meritage would definitely merit a re-christening to Mushroom-tage. (Yeah, that was bad. Sorry.)
All dishes at Meritage featured some sort of mushroom, which is excellent by me. Mushrooms are my homeboys. They're delicious to eat and are definitely the cutest fungi ever.
The best dish featured homemade wide noodles served in a mushroom sauce with those white mushrooms (not truffles) hidden beneath layers of pasta. The sauce was creamy without being slimy. The noodles were soft without being sloppy. The mushrooms exuded their flavor without overpowering the pasta itself.
The pumpkin creme brulee dessert was scrumptious. The top was as crackly as shattered glass, and the creme was as creamy as a pumpkin pie - though not as potent. The pastry chef somehow achieved complete zen between cream and pumpkin and brown sugar. The gingersnaps served along side were equally enjoyable. 
Oh yeah, and the interior is way cute. There's some giant mirrors and some semi-boudoir paintings. It's cozy and cute, and a great place to take a date.my husband and i loved meritage. we went for korean taco night. tacos were good in my opinion; husband thought they were great. the beer pairing was fun. we also ordered crispy chickpea fries which were good but nothing fantastic, and we loved the Tempura Eggplant and Zucchini spicy sweet soy dipping sauce. It was TO DIE FOR. We were scraping it off the plate.
Service was great, there was more than enough seats, and they also are dog friendly outside on thursdays, which is always a plus for us.
We can't wait to try their korean fried chicken!Let's be honest - I went because they had pork belly on the menu, and I wasn't disappointed. Not being a particular fan of sauerkraut I was wary of it being the accompaniment of the exalted pork belly, but the sweet and sour tanginess of it turned out to be a very good balance for all that fatty richness. 
Before that my husband and I had the foie gras ravioli, which my conscience punishes me for enjoying as much as I did. It came lightly seared, which I was happy to see done well after having a tough, dry, fried ravioli a few nights before at Twenty Manning Grill that was described on the menu as merely 'seared'. But I digress. We also had the endive salad, which was just a perfect fall salad with honey crisp apples and a walnut vinaigrette. We also had the duck breast, which like the pork belly was well balanced by lots of greens. 
For dessert we had the pumpkin pot du creme, which was not the fall spice miasma I was fearing but rather subtle and even tasted of real pumpkins. (My exact notes read "more pumpkin than pumpkin".)
As for the wine - I'm very skeptical of Meritage calling itself a wine bar, considering how few wines they had available by the glass, but what we had (Heba Sangiovese) was quite good, and not nearly as marked up in price as one would expect. Also had some great cocktail with lemongrass-infused simple syrup at the bar, don't recall its name though. We did have to wait a bit to be seated despite our reservation but didn't mind hanging out at the bar for a bit.
Service overall was a little harried - our server really needed to just take a deep breath and slow down - but still sweet and personable. 
Overall a very nice meal - nothing terribly edgy or surprising on the menu, but they did do a much better job than other restaurants I've been to with what they offer.Atmosphere was nice, but the food disappointing. The waiter mentioned the new chef had a French culinary background.  I was excited. 
Dishes arrived, so disappointed. 
Looked forward to a cappuccino, machine was broken.
Next time we are going to try the burger place across the street.Went for restaurant week.  The wine was good, the steak with wine reduction sauce was fantastic and the chocolate peanut butter bomb dessert was amazing.The food is very good. Some may say the "portions are just enough", I say small. The service is excellent. They short pour the wine, 4 ounces opposed to the industry standard of six ounces. Great ambiance, romantic and quaint. I would go back after I had a large lunch. Don't eat here if you're very hungry, lest you find yourself at Little Petes filling your empty stomach. But all-in-all a very nice place.My friend recommended we come here and having walked and driven by this place a million times I was excited I finally got to go. 
I was about 10 minutes early to meet up with said friend and the waitress promptly came over to explain their menu and offer me water. She also elaborated on the vegan tasting menu- which after 2 seconds of reviewing it- I was sold. Don't get me wrong, I love meat, but I cook vegan at home a fair amount and this menu was right up my flavor profile. The menu began with an amuse-bouche of a samosa...I could literally eat this samosa everyday of my life. Super flaky and crispy crust and the filling was perfect. Then came the sweet potato soup- one of the best things I've eaten in a long time! So much so, I asked for the recipe at the end of the meal...still waiting on the email from the chef. lol. Then I moved on to a quinoa salad with pomegranate and pistachios- scrumptious.  The main entree was a chick pea stew with crispy cauliflower. This had strong Indian flavors and I detected a little cinnamon- reminiscent of Moroccan cooking. I'm going to try and recreate this tonight. Seriously. It's that good. Finally the menu wrapped up with coconut rice pudding with citrus and pomegranate. This was refreshing and just enough to split. I was so full and happy, but not tired. It was really nice! 
I will DEFINITELY be back here ASAP and I'm now on their email list, and will be looking out for other tasting menus- but this vegan one is incredible to me! Bravo Chef Coll!Unimpressed by the whole experience. Chairs outside aren't that comfortable (the bar digs into your back). The arugula small plate was fine, not exceptional but passable. The spaetzle was fried and so oily as to be gross. The salmon was good but not great as an entree. Least satisfying was the red sangria, which tasted like it was made with low-quality wine. We won't be backFantastic food and great service! I travel a lot so I'm very picky when it comes to a good restaurant. I've had so many meals at different places that it really has to be good to get a good rating from me and this place deserves it. I was skeptical at first, but the farm to table food is extremely fresh and flavorful. Be aware that the owner/chef shops for fresh food every day, so the menu changes just about every day and the menu you see on Yelp isn't the menu of the day. The chic pea fries, pork dumplings and mushrooms with coconut risotto were all very, very good. Great place and highly recommended!We thought when we moved into center city,  we would find many great restaurants. Well, how about many good restaurants.
 Did not happen until Meritage. The four of us were overwhelmed and frankly, shocked to find the quality and taste of our dinner, from beginning to end.
We all ordered the tasting menu. micro greens with two large diver scallops done perfectly. We ordered the divine hanger steak that arrived with baby veggies that were roasted.
How much better could it get?  The chocolate dessert, that's how much.I've only been to the wine bar here, but it was great.  The server was friendly and the place has a low-key vibe.  I had a flight of three wines for $12, with the Sangiovese from Argentina the best.  The place is dimly lit with beautiful dark wood paneling--just my style.  The TV was on, tuned quietly to some random entertainment news show rather than the usual sports fare.
And Arlen Specter showed up!  Who knew he had good taste in wine?  He went into the formal dining room, while my friend and I savored our wines with some olives on the side and a good chat at the bar.
I wouldn't dine here except for a special occasion, as it's clearly pricey, but given the quality of the other restaurants I've been to in Philly, I'm optimistic that the food and service would be fantastic.Went here for my b-day with my parents who aren't usually into the fancy expensive small plate kind of stuff but I gave it a shot and they liked it.
My big plate of monkfish was awesome. Dad's small plate of scallops were good too but not as a full meal. Mom got the short rib ravioli. She liked them but I didn't get to try them (I guess thats a good sign).
dessert was awesome - apple turnovers that came with ice cream and a shot of hot apple cider (the best part!)
Cute little row home place. My only advice is to go with an app and a big plate if you are hungry or get a few small plates. I recommend the pickle veggies. a perfect start to the meal.amazing appetizers!  the scallops and the pork stuffed pepper are my fav!!! must try! 
The dessert that is similar to a peanut butter and jelly is also very delish!  
I recommend going during restaurant week in order to try a bit of everything!As one of my friends pointed out, vegetarians aren't used to having a hard time selecting their meals when they dine out. On Tuesday nights, Meritage offers a vegetarian menu along with a vegan tasting menu. That's it. You can't be a carnivore here on Tuesdays. It's a great idea to bring diners out on an otherwise unremarkable weeknight, and the restaurant filled up while we ate. I had such a hard time deciding what to order that I'm already thinking about going back another Tuesday this month.
Four of us had dinner here last Tuesday, including three vegetarians and one vegan. We split two "snacks" to start our meal: the kale chips and the panisse fries. The kale chips were light and airy, but a little bland. The panisse fries, which looked like cube-shaped mozzarella sticks, were flavorful, perfectly crisp on the outside, and full of creamy chickpea goodness on the inside. A friend and I split two of the salads. The farm salad was your average salad with mixed field greens, apples and some very mild onions. The watercress salad was lightly dressed in an amazing sesame dressing that really complemented the grapefruit, blood oranges and slightly bitter greens. 
For dinner, I ordered the lentil sticky rice which came in a banana leaf. The sticky rice was more like a risotto and it definitely needed the tomato chutney to kick up the flavor, but it was delightful and filling. A sprinkling of crispy carrot shavings came on top of all of our dinners and we all remarked how incredibly tasty it was. We spent a good couple of hours sitting, eating and chatting on our vegetarian outing and we never felt rushed. All I have to say is, dear Meritage owners, please keep your Tuesday nights meatless!The food at Meritage was just mediocre for me.  I had the Seared Cape May Diver Scallops for an appetizer and this was nicely done and tasted good.  The Roasted Peking Duck Breast I had for the entree was not that good as the duck was more fatty than typical duck I had before and it was tough/chewy.
The atmosphere and service was nice.
I would try other restaurants before returning here.Irene and Michelle have a great thing going here.  I like the fact that after two visits, they are still small enough to remember you.  The food varies but staple favorites like the korean fried chicken (delicious, filling, fabulous) make it a place to return for comfort, while the random experimentation like "asian street food" appetizers make the small menu interesting.  A considerable, and tasty wine list, some delicious drink combos designed by the owners are a great compliment.  I spend most of my time at the bar, which means very personal recommendations from one or both of the owners.  If you sit at a table, make sure you ask wait staff for recommendations from the owners. Irene hasn't steered me wrong, yet.
Personal favorite:  Viognier dessert wine.  Only place i've ever seen it. =)I had been longing to try Meritage for quite some time. The restaurant is small and tastefully decorated. I actually liked the vibe of the dim bar room a little bit more than the back dining room but they both have character. Since it was restaurant week we had the option of the regular or fixed price menu - I like that they don't make you decide up front but put the two together. 
One of the best things about this dining experience was our waitress. She was unbelievably patient and gave great recommendations. I settled on the seared scallops and the brined and roasted chicken with fois gras. The boyfriend decided to stick with the restaurant week menu and picked the fois gras dumplings and the tea smoked pork tenderloin. Double fois gras - score! We also decided on a nice bottle of wine because their wine prices are so reasonable. 
All the food was great, if not a little rich (probably due to all of the fatty and velvety duck liver). We finished by sharing a chocolate covered peanut butter bombe which was light and wonderful.I finally got around to go to Meritage for a friend's birthday dinner on a Thursday  - it's hard to believe that the place wasn't packed (understandly, these are tough economic times) - because the dinner from start to finish was fantastic.
It's not the cheapest place to dine (entrées going from $19 to $28 - I think) - but it is worth your dime.
Place - cozy, comfortable - though the space itself is small it's not stuffed with tables like other small restaurants - where you're often elbowing the people to both the left and right of you. Decor and ambience is pleasing and so home-y.
Service - friendly, down-to-earth and not in your face, attentive and knowledgeable.
Wine - great selection for wines by the glass and bottles -
Food-  beautiful presentation and the food was delicious. Most of my dinner companions ordered both an appetizer and a main course and everyone was very pleased with their dish.  The food is not overly complicated, simply prepared and just plain good.  Portions are also just right - not too big, not too small!  I also know that they have great Happy hour specials and I think it would also be great to just go there for a couple glasses of vino and an appetizer too!What a joy having a place like Meritage a block away. We've been there 4 times so far, and each time has been a fabulous experience. We went once shortly after we first moved in and again for a pleasant and peaceful New Year's Eve dinner with an out of town guest. With how crazy New Year's Eve can be, it was nice to have a low-key dinner nearby. We also stopped in and sat at the bar one night to enjoy their scotch selection.
Most recently, we went for a birthday dinner and all four of us raved about how good it was. At first blush, the menu seems typically American: New Jersey Sea Scallops, Venison, Hudson Valley Duck, Amish Chicken. But this dishes are uniquely prepared with surprising combinations, often with a Korean influence: the calamari includes gochujang, the grilled hanger steak comes with apple kimchi.
On this most recent visit, my partner and I shared the Tempura Jalapenos with ground pork and a sweet soy sauce and the grilled quail that came with fig chutney, watercress salad, and pumpkin seeds. For my entree, I had the aforementioned scallops that was dressed with maitake mushrooms, black truffle sauce, and microgreens and plated over a potato garlic puree. It was hard to resist the Amish chicken which I have before and absolutely love, but I wanted to try something different. Dessert was a splendid pumpkin and apple bread pudding that was paired with Muscat.
The food, the wine list and service were all excellent and the space cozy and comfortable. Meritage also has weekly tasting menus which are high on our list to try.This place is perfect for group dining.  We went for graduation/engagement dinner as a party of 9.  
First, they were great about the reservation- I called in March for the May reservation and they had no trouble doing a reservation that far in advance and they then called back the week of the reservation to confirm.  They were great about questions.  They set us up in the back room at a large table with plenty of space so we could all hear one another and we weren't rushed in the least even though people were waiting outside waiting at the end.  All the wait staff were excellent with recommendations.  Also, as the party arrived they just grabbed drinks at the bar and for such a tiny restaurant they really do have great spaces.  
We ordered many courses.  The highlights were the indonesian bread appetizer, the chick pea fries, the pate, the beet salad (this was a huge hit), the calamari, the hanger steak and the skate.  We also got dessert which wasn't quite to the same level as the main menu but were still very good- we had the chocolate mint pot (very strong in flavor), the trifle (a little too much whip cream for me but others were happy to help me out) and the peanut butter bombe.
Overall the best thing was the range of the menu.  Between varying plate sizes and many options everyone was able to find multiple things on the menu in which they were interested.  Which was ideal for a group dinner.  As the organizer it was great not having to worry about people finding something they liked.  Also, with two bottles of wine and the majority ordering 2-3 courses the total was around 460 which is AMAZING for a non-byob 9 person dinner.
I don't think we could have found a better place for a group dinner for graduation weekend.  
We orderedMeritage is an absolute gem in Rittenhouse. Went on a friday night with my fiance for our anniversary. Despite having a reservation, we had to wait around 20 minutes for our table. But golly was the wait worth it. 
We ordered Mussels to start, which almost stole the meal. Steamed in a Lime Curry sauce, they were a wonderful change from your typical white wine garlic mussels. For my entree I had the Hangar steak. Cooked to perfection. The most delictable steak I've ever tasted. It was cooked in a sweet tangy sauce which complimented the juiciness of the meat perfectly. Came with a small salad, garlic green beans, and some fried potato things. I'm never the guy who clears his plate, but I had to use considerable restraint to stop myself from licking it clean. 
My fiance had the duck. I'm not a huge fan of duck, but I couldn't keep my fork away from her plate. It was cooked absolutely perfectly. and the spinach, raspberry confit and other sides complimented the dish brilliantly. 
For drinks we had something called the "Fall Jam" An apple vodka drink. I literally almost cried when it was gone. Delicious. 
The decor is perfect. Leaves you feeling like you're eating in the dining room of a country home. Very comfortable. Good lighting. With the bar separate from the dining room, the noise level was great. Incredible service. 
I will be back again and again. Easily the best dining experience I have had yet in Philadelphia.
Thank youthe meatless tuesday vegan prixe fixe is AMAZING!!!!!!!!  i would say its as good as horizons used to be.  the cocktails are so artfully done and it's awesome that a restaurant that cateres to classier masses can pull something this great off.  if i could afford it i'd eat here every tuesday.My boyfriend and I were in serious need of nourishment after an 8.5 hour ride down to Rittenhouse Square from Boston last weekend.  Yes.  8.5 hours.  Had a near death experience on our ride down.  But, I digress.
We walked out of the parking lot on Lombard St. and voila!  Meritage.  It was past 10pm, we were in dire straits, and lucky for us, they still had their kitchen open.  Phew!
Our waitress was fantastic, for starters.  She attended to us right away.  We ordered our much-needed drinks and a few appetizers to start us off.
We had the vegetable tempura, pork & mushroom dumplings, and kobe beef meatballs.  All were very satisfying and delicious.  Our favorite was definitely the veggie tempura (included sweet potato, summer squash, and eggplant)... we learned that the head chef goes to the farmer's market everyday to pick out fresh veggies for the restaurant.  Thumbs up for fresh produce!  
However, our hunger was not stifled.  We ordered the duck to split.  It was cooked perfectly and was super juicy.  It almost melted in our mouths.  On the side was a sweet potato mash and cabbage - at first, we were puzzled by this mixture, but it worked.
Finally, we split the peach cobbler for dessert.  It was tremendous and we gobbled until the bowl was completely cleaned out.
If we make a trip to Rittenhouse Square, we will definitely be visiting Meritage again!  I can't wait to see what else they have to offer.I went for restaurant week and really loved everything about it. The service was impeccable and every dish was very flavorful and made just right.I am stuffed - STUFFED! - after our dinner at Meritage, which was 2 hours ago! I had to scramble to make my birthday dinner plans (I kinda sorta forgot about it), and was limited to places in our immediate neighborhood - thank goodness I remembered hearing a friend recommend Meritage not long ago!
We arrived at 7pm, and it was pretty empty in the main dining area (twas a Thursday, so not too unusual), with only two other couples already being served. Small plates restaurant means sharing, IMHO, and since I'm the birthday girl I got to select everything! The next thing we knew, our table was completely FILLED with the five dishes I ordered (two snacks, three small plates).
We started with the chickpea fries with tomato aioli, which I was surprised to find where creamy on the inside and quite tasty paired with the aioli (but VERY hot since they were literally fresh from the kitchen). They also had a shrimp and scallop dumpling special with a creamy corn sauce that was tasty, but did not blow either of us away. The beet salad everyone on Yelp raved about was good, but again nothing special and seemed to lack that certain something to send it over the top. Cooked perfectly though, those beets were deliciously tender. The crab and mango salad was fantastic, so much crab on one plate! And we also tried the 5 spice quail salad, which was good but could have been better if the quail had been a bit more tender and juicy (ours was on the dry side), and the salad was solid but not extraordinary. We also were served these warm little buns that were great, but I was so full from our meal I could barely nibble on mine, or even think about getting dessert!
What really made the meal great was when we got the check - and realized that we spent less than half of what we usually do on birthday dinners out. Considering how much good (although not fantastic) food we got, Meritage is a wonderful restaurant to go to for solidly good, beautifully presented food, with great service. My only complaint is that they gave us our food too quickly! I ended up eating faster than I would have liked just to make sure that the hot food didn't turn cold before I turned to it! Plus the table was so cramped with dishes it was a tiny bit annoying.Meritage is fabulous!!  When you first walk in you are greeted with a nice bar and ample seating area, and that is before you walk back to the dining area!  
My wife and I first came to this place several years ago when we moved to South West Center City.  We have kept going back ever since.  If you are looking to just have drinks and a good time, the bar is best.  The dining area is great for low key dinner parties and one on one dates.
The food is to die for.  I would describe it as Asian fusion at it's best, and I normally don't care for Asian or Asian fusion.  
The wine list can be pricey, but their selection is always great and they pair well with the food they serve.
Over all a very cozy place to spend and evening in Philadelphia!Went yesterday to celebrate a friends birthday and left very disappointed. The portions are beyond small for the appetizers, I would call them tiny.
Service was bad as it took us 3 hours for dinner. We were seated at 8 and not served dinner until 945.
I was told they did renovations but this was not what I expected. I assume that the old chef had left because the food was average at best. My steak and a hard fat line in it and so did everyone's that ordered the steak.
The dessert I ordered was terrible and I didn't even finish it. Best thing was the coffee and the wine.
I don't know what happened to this place.Great service, friendly knowledgeable bartenders, delicious drinks, what more could you want?I really wanted to give this place more stars because the food is really delicious, but the service has been mediocre to bad both times we've been.
Some of our favorites:
- Chickpea Fries: good portion for two- creamy, a little nutty, and a little fragrant
- Pickled Veggies: small portion, but all the vegetables were fork tender. I like an assertive acidic pickle and that's what these were, so don't order them if you're looking for something mellow
- Pan-fried Pork Potstickers: not greasy, bright Asian flavors
- Scallops: large, melt-in-your mouth, perfectly pan-seared
- Salmon: I've had it here prepared two different ways and both were cooked to a perfect medium rare. Medium rare may be a little off-putting to some as it is still really pink in the center, so make sure you order it medium instead if you liked your fish 
- Flourless Chocolate Cake: tastes like a slightly melted dark chocolate candy bar, so if you're craving chocolate, go with it
- Sweet Potato Bread Pudding: thick and dense- my second favorite dessert here
Things that can be missed:
- Tempura Cauliflower and Broccoli- too plain, even with the curry sauce
- Foie Gras Ravioli: hoping it would stand out, but it just didn't
Most of the dishes I ordered or tasted here have been delicious and well-executed. I like how it's unpretentious and they try to use local when they can. Also, I think the portions are perfect, but I'm a petite girl, and the guys I've eaten with have left the table still wanting a little something extra.
The food is between around a 4/ 4.5 for me, but the service is really a 1.5/2. We've had to wait an exceptionally long time for dishes. The servers have acted impatient when we order, and they have rarely come to check in on us while we were eating- not even just to refill our water glasses. This happened under two different circumstances with two different waitresses- once when I was just with my boyfriend and another time when I was with family.
I'm anxious to try more of the chef's food here, but I am reluctant to pay the more expensive prices for such mediocre service.You know when you're watching "No Reservations" and Tony is being treated to a million different things by some master chef? I know. I fast forward my TiVo too because it seems so irrelevant to my restaurant-going life. But now I've found a way to have a similar experience myself.
It all started when my wife had the brilliant idea to go to Meritage and simply order all of their "snacks." The menu is divided into snacks, small plates and large plates. We went on a meatless Tuesday and ordered all the snacks save the deviled eggs. We just weren't in the mood. And we asked for the snacks to arrive as they were ready. A vegetarian (not vegan) scene from No Reservations ensued.
The first two items to arrive at the table were the kale chips and crispy chick peas. The chick peas were deep fried and very tasty. My wife and I decided to take some home because it felt too decadent to eat them all in one sitting.  The kale chips were great. They are very flaky and nicely spiced. My wife says all you have to do is sprinkle some kale with salt and pepper and put them on parchment paper on a tray and cook for a little bit. We'll have to try at some point.
Then came the Panisse frites which are made of chick peas. My wife goes crazy for these. They are quite good. Be careful, they are really hot. Its best to cut them open and let them cool. They come with a unique tomato chutney that adds a very interesting taste. 
After the frites, the rest arrived in one great plating of meatless decadence. Pickeled vegetables which were quite good. You'd be surprised how tasty a pickled onion is. The goat cheese flan came with beets, some greens and a hard-boiled quail egg. Good, but not making me reconsider my increasing Veganism. I don't think I would order it next time. The crispy cauliflower was really good but my wife wasn't impressed by "deep-fried cauliflower." My response: don't undersell this one. This cauliflower was quite tasty and made a great leftover the next day. One of the tastiest was the mushroom gratin. This dish is one that could wrestle with said Veganism. Really delicious. Lastly, the taro tots. I have very little experience with taro and this was a pretty good start.
Meatless Tuesday at Meritage and the way we attacked it were a really wonderful No Reservations-esque experience. And the bill came to $47 plus tip. Would definitely do again.I must be getting old. Meritage is much more appealing to me these days than the noisy place across the street on a Friday night. I will gladly sit at a table outside to enjoy a few drinks and conversation rather than be party to the general carousing that carries on over there. "Get off my lawn!"
Ok maybe I'm exaggerating a little, but there is a palpable maturity over here that is uncommon in most of my haunts, not age-wise strictly speaking but more of an "I'm experienced and comfortable with myself" vibe if that makes any sense at all.
It's probably best if I shut up about all that and just write about the various dishes we've tried:
deviled duck egg w/ truffle oil and trout roe - wife loved it, but I would prefer less truffle, more trout
pan fried pork and chive dumpling - great, fresh taste, made in house
calamari w/ gochujung, sesame - light batter, tender crispy calamari, nice twist w/ the red pepper paste
pickled vegetables - refreshing and clean tasting
kale chips - just skip them, or find out for yourself for two bucks
braised pork cheeks, polenta and poached egg - loved the pork, wife not so much, polenta had a nice hint of lemon/vanilla
dark chocolate, brown sugar and banana bread pudding - rich and decadent, great with the salted caramel and ice cream
In short, lots of choices that pair well with the selection of wine, beer and spirits. And great service to boot.YUMMY YUM YUM
What took me so long to come here?!? My best friend lives around the corner and I go to the pub across the street pretty frequently, but it took me two years to finally check this place out and OMG was it good. 
The ambiance is very cozy, they have a great wine selection and it is the perfect spot for a date or for an intimate dinner. The service is really nice as well, everyone was friendly and accommodating. 
I ordered the meatloaf - I know, I know but I was craving it - and it was delicious. Juicy and just perfect, with a side of creamy mashed potatoes and sauteed veggies. I inhaled the dessert so quickly i am not even sure what it was but it was chocolaty heaven. 
Overall this place is a gem and I definitely recommend it.I came here with friends to enjoy the duck menu.  A lot of the table complained that the food was too salty. Though I can't say that it was necessarily WOWed by most of the menu (maybe because I was really hungry) I can't say that I disliked my meal.
The flourless chocolate tart was kind of good as long as you got a little bit of all the components together, but without the sauce it was not something I found all that great.
Now, if you take into the account the price tag of the meal I would have liked better quality control (or perhaps I'm just not a good match for this restaurant) but as far as trying this once, it was worth the experience I think, though I probably wont jump to come again.Used to be great. Now that Anne is gone it is merely acceptable. It is too expensive for that.  Nothing was really good. Deviled eggs were mostly mustard. Lyonnaise salad had no acid tang at all. Burger ordered medium rare was bordering on raw. Salmon tasted not like salmon but like a weird fishy smell taste. We are not picky eaters. We used to cherish every bite Anne made. Now it is dumbed down food for people who think restaurant week is the best thing ever. Yuck!  So so sad. It used to be a favorite place!Friends in from NY.  They like Whym www.whymnyc.com so I was looking for something similar.  I got lucky cause this is it.  My GF had the lamb 3 ways and she raved about it, and loved her salad app too.  My salmon was cooked perfectly and was delicious.  Our friends had the same positive reaction to the apps and entrees.  We each ordered a desert and shared bites and they were all wonderful. Service was perfect.
The company was great and that always makes for a better dining experience.
We will be going back soon.
P.S. When in NY try Whym for a late afternoon lunch when it's quiet.  Then order anything they suggest.  We loved the place.Ann Coll is a genius in the kitchen.  She whips up fusion without confusion--every dish that comes to your table is an act of imagination and kitchen craft.  And if you are a vegeterian (as I am) there is plenty on the menu and once a week there is a vegan tasting menu.  (The only comparable veggie food in Philadelphia is at Vedge and the problem with Vedge is that there is nothing on the menu for a companion who is seriously carnivorous.)  The prices are about 2/3 of what you would expect to pay for meals of similar quality.  A good selection of reasonably priced wines and great mixed drinks.  I have always found the wait staff convivial and fun.  
A hidden treasure in a foody city.My friends and I went here tonight after reading a new Inquirer review.  We were very excited about the menu and we were not disappointed!
It started with the ambience of the restaurant which was very warm and inviting.  Lots of warm wood and warm colors on the wall, and very simple and uncluttered.  Also not super noisy--even crowded we could all hear each other without yelling.
Our waitress was one of the best I've had in a long time.  My friends have  some dietary restrictions and ask a lot of questions.   Not only were they all patiently answered (which included some trips back to the kitchen for additional details) but we also got some proactive questions to make sure that our needs were met.   It was noticed and appreciated.
The wine list is extensive with a range of bottles of all kinds.  We all had a Syrah Tempranillo blend (by the glass) that was interesting and good.  
The menu is divided in to small bites (tapas style), small plates (appetizer style), and large plates.  We agreed to share some small plates and bites for a full sampling of the menu.  
We started with the pickled veg sampler and eggplant caviar, followed by smoked salmon, pan fried goat cheese, and the pear salad.  The pear salad was ok, but not great.
The eggplant caviar and goat cheese were both excellent.
I also had the pork stuffed jalapenos, another great flavor combination.
We all had soup--my friends had butternut squash and apple and raved about it.  I had the special, duck consomme with wontons.  All I can say is that I hope they make it part of the regular menu because it was amazing.
We followed with tuna tartare, which may have been the best I've ever had.  SO GOOD!!!!  Last we had some mushroom risotto, which was good, but not amazing next to the rest of the dishes.
Desserts were shared---we got the apple bread pudding, which was good, and the pumpkin creme brulee.  Definitely stick with the brulee.
All together, a very enjoyable evening!This review is way overdue! I'm writing about something amazing. It happens during the summer on Saturdays. While everyone else is at the shore, you must come here for to Meritage for their Summer Saturdays! For two, dinner can be under $40. The menu includes: Kale salad with toasted bread crumbs and a light mustard and tarragon vinaigrette, sliced bavette steak, roasted mushrooms, and a potato salad! You also have the option to order a bottle of Cab for $25. The menu (and prices!) are spot on. We also ordered the calamari as an appetizer and two glasses of Pinot Noir. The decision to come on a gorgeous late Saturday afternoon was just icing on the cake. 
The calamari salad started us off, and it was refreshing, crunchy, and just enough spice! I LOVE kale salad (there's no way to bold that statement, so I'm hoping you can sense the enthusiasm with the capital letters). This kale salad, while simple in ingredients, was delicious. The dressing was light, and the bread crumbs added some texture so it didn't seem I was just eating some leafy greens. We ordered the steak medium, and it came out just right, even though at first glance, it looked a bit dry. Despite its appearance, the steak, dipped into the truffle sauce, was heavenly. The mushrooms and potato salad were great accompaniments to the meal.
The meal wasn't too heavy nor too light. Just enough to keep us satisfied. Since this was my first time at Meritage, this meal has made me want to return!I am so happy with this restaurant!  I admit I don't frequent it as much as I would like but whenever I get the pleasure it is a knockout!  Its not really on the cheap side, however, its a deal for the quality of meal they provide.  GUYS! this is a perfect place to take someone for a special date.  The ambiance is chill, quiet, and the perfect atmosphere to sit, chat, and enjoy one another's company.  I look forward to my next visit and will definitely edit this review with some specifics about the actual food!Romantic lighting, gorgeous location, cozy atmosphere.... Walking into Meritage, you KNOW you're in date-night territory. Luckily, their menu and service are ready for just that.
With a fantastic selection of "snacks", small plates, and large plates, an extensive list of wines, and a delectable lineup of desserts (each paired with a particular wine, if you're into that kind of thing), Meritage has a lot going for it. Though we unfortunately missed the Korean Fried Chicken night (Don't worry, we'll be back), my partner and I were seated for our 8pm Saturday night reservation immediately (I loved the little "Reserved" sign on our table, made me feel like a rockstar.)  Since I'd scoured Yelp and their (very organized) website before my trip anyway, I was ready for the menu, but my partner ogled all the goods hungrily.  
We ended up splitting a bottle of Chilean pinot noir and selected a few of the small plates and one "snack".  First up, the chickpea fries. I was stunned when my partner announced how much he liked these, as he's a self-proclaimed hater of all things claiming to be "fries" that aren't your standard potato (imagine a big "HELL NO" when I suggest parsnip or turnip "fries"). Served with a tasty tomato chutney that was both sweet and savory, these started our tastebuds on a most wonderful dance.
Up next was the buttermilk fried quail served with collards and (MAYBE) a polenta square. The crispy quail, though small in size, was packed with flavor, and made me yearn to fast forward to the next Korean Fried Chicken night I could attend! The sauce from the collards (lavender, soy, honey) served as a great place to dip the polenta, and we were happy as clams.
The star of the show, we both agreed, was one of the specials of the night.  In season, we couldn't resist the fried soft shell crab served with a crunchy slaw and a creamy curry aioli. My goodness. I want to drown all future foods in that aioli... It was perfectly matched to the crunchy soft shell crab, which was more delicious with each bite.
Since we were on a date, and all dates should end with something sweet, we went for the sweet potato bread pudding and butter pecan ice cream. The pecans on top of the bread pudding were the only crunch on this rich, soft bread pudding, and, though our wine (Lai Lai) was not the suggested pairing, I couldn't help but feel like the last sips of each glass were meant to be consumed moments after licking our post-pecan-pudding lips.
Can't wait to go back!I visited this restaurant last week. I am surprised that this restaurant has good ratings. Our waitress was rude. Wasn't very helpful and she kept insisting that we order more plates. For appetizers, we had calamari, pork belly and chickpea fries. Nothing was great. It was just OK. For the entree dish I had the duck.  I have had duck many times in my life and I would say this one was one of the worse I've had. My boyfriend had the brisket. The sides that came with the brisket were pretty good, but the brisket itself was hard and dry. I do not recommend this place. Especially for the price.One of my favorite restaurants in the city!  It's been a few years since I've had dinner here, but from what I recall, the food was exceptional.  My husband and I plan to dine here in the near future.  But until we scrape up some dough (it's a bit pricy), we were inclined to try their happy hour.
They have delicious bar bites for $4.  Chickpea fries sound intriguing, right?!  They were delicious!  What surprised me even more were the kimchi fritters.  I am NOT a fan of kimchi, but decided to try one of my husband's fritters anyways.  I'm super glad I did, as it was out of this world.  Way to make me eat my fermented cabbage, Meritage!
They have $6 wine specials during happy hour (M-F, 5-7), which isn't too shabby.  The bar is small, but the staff is very friendly and if you go on a cool evening, you'll get to enjoy the breeze blowing in from the windows.  Lovely atmosphere for date night...go there!The rumors are true: the Korean Fried Chicken at Meritage is every bit as delicious as I've heard.  There were four of us and four orders of the KFC, which comes out in a huge portion, soaked in a sweet sauce yet still crunchy with every bite.
To tide us over till the chicken came out we ordered the chick pea fries (which I've missed terribly since Noble went under, RIP) which turned out to be excellent.  We also ordered the less-successful foie gras ravioli.  These were reminiscent of foie gras, but I was expecting something heavy and rich and got something light, fluffy and vaguely hinted with that foie flavor.  Not bad but not what I wanted nor was expecting.
I will absolutely come back here to try the regular menu, which looked absolutely delicious.Portion for an entree was so small and more of an appetizer.  The scallops were too salty, not enough lighting.Used to be interesting fusion cuisine. Still pretty good food, but the menu is a little 20th century....make that early 20th century. More embarrassing, one of my pals asked for veggie options and was told: the chef will cook up something with whatever assorted veggies we have. He asked, cook what up, and she said, oh I don't know, steam stew stir fry...Clueless!Vegan and vegetarian tasting menu on Meatless Tuesdays, wow!  Thank you!A new year and a new chef but not much to be hopeful about.  Four of us went and left with decidedly mixed feelings.  All of us agreed the entres were tasty and filling.  All of us agreed the appetizers were paltry, uninspired and forgettable.  Dessert was so bland we mentioned it to our server, who had coaxed the chef to allow us to order the desert even though the one chosen was only available on the prix fixe menu, not the regular one, and only one of our party had ordered that menu.  In the end, the server mentioned she would report our unanimous findings back to the chef since this was a dessert item under consideration for inclusion on the every day menu.  Service was mixed, too, as one of the staff tried to clear unfinished plates twice from one of us.  Despite the delicious entres, none of us is likely to return.Went to Meritage on Saturday night for dinner.  Overall, an enjoyable experience with some interesting cuisine and great service but it was a bit loud.
The food was great and was reasonably priced but the portions were a bit on the small side.  I would have gladly paid a wee bit more to have slightly larger portions but that's the balance that surely challenges restaurateurs.  I had the brisket, which was fabulous - rich, perfectly prepared with a great parsnip puree.  My wife had the sea scallops, which were also well-prepared and tasty.  
The initial plates were fine but not nearly as terrific as the larger plates.  The PEI mussels were great; the dumplings were OK but we could have used one more in the order; and the chick pea fries were interesting but there's only so far one can go with chick peas in this capacity.
It is always a nice touch when a restaurant doesn't rip you off on booze and Meritage definitely had an affordable drink menu.
The primary issue was the noise of the dining room.  I always appreciate a festive room, and everyone was having a good time (to the point of being a wee bit boisterous) but this a little annoying in light of the close quarters.  
Overall, a very positive experience and I would surely go back.I first went to Meritage last summer. I had a great little meal of the small plate of scallops and a entree of hanger steak. I usually think hanger steak is a waste of steak, but my dinning partner wanted to try it, and it was a great call. We devoured that tasty little bugger, and vowed we would return often. best laid plans Right? We finally did return this winter, and had another good meal. Duck breast for me and Monk fish for the lady. We wanted to lick our plates everything was so tasty. 
I never hear much word of mouth about Meritage. Apparently, their former incarnation was not very popular. The new owners are doing a fine job with this place, and with a new chef and affordable prices. I believe Meritage is on its way to being a "hot spot", especially this summer when the outside seating is back. You can sit and enjoy a fine meal, watching the "pabbits" stuff themselves into the tiny pub across the street.After a horrible experience at WaterWorks the previous night, I decided to do some yelp-research before the following night's dinner. I was visiting a friend that I had studied abroad with and we were looking for a nice evening out. 
This place DEFINITELY delivered! In terms of food, we started with an appetizer of some rosemary flat bread with a delicious curry sauce.  And, because everything sounded so great I couldn't decide what I wanted and finally settled on two appetizers: the quail and scallops; and then ended the meal with a ginger creme brulee. From start to finish I can't say that I had a single complaint. It was just one delicious explosion after another in my mouth. 
Boy, just thinking about it is making me crave it all over again. 
In terms of the drinks, we started off the night with a bottle of cava, then a bottle of sauv. blanc, and ended my dinner with a glass of La Phroaig's (which is probably among the best whiskey's I've ever had!). By the end of the dinner we were all in very good spirits! 
The overall ambiance was great, if a little on the dark side, and I can't even remember if there was music or not. All I remember is having a happy belly, being slightly buzzed and thoroughly enjoying an evening out with great friends - If only all dinners could leave me with these feelings!I really loved that the interior has a charming, cozy feel, without feeling overcrowded. Also liked that the menu has snacks (which are like 1/2 an appetizer), small plates (aka appetizers), and large plates (entrees) so you can sample a bunch of small dishes if you want. I ordered the potato, leek, & black truffle croquettes which was quite filling for a "snack" size. For my large plate, I ordered the pan seared skate which was a little salty but still decent. Service was overall good. I would recommend this place, but wouldn't rush back anytime soon.Passed by this place a few time and finally decided to try it.  I am glad I did!  The monkfish was EXCELLENT!  The wines are $8 a glass with a nice selection.  The service was great and the apple crisp dessert was a great way to end the nightEnjoyed this place quite a bit!  We went with a group of 9 people to celebrate my parents 30th wedding anniversary.  On tuesday nights they have an excellent vegan tasting menu.  We enjoyed 2 bottles of wine and several small plates.  Corn chowder was out of this world - I recommend this place to all my vegan and non-vegan friends!The small plates here are pretty solid.  I am a fan of the five spice quail, seared scallops, and crab and papaya salad.  I love quail and that particular dish has been well-marinated and tender every time.  The crab and papaya salad offers a nice, slightly tropical and fruity twist.  I would definitely order 2-3 small dishes rather than an entree; you get to taste a wider range of food and, in all honesty, the entrees are good, but not remarkable.  Oh, and definitely go for the Wed night Korean short rib tacos!  They are excellent and only $3.  You can't beat that.Nick F. (review below), our friends and I went to Meritage for restaurant week, like he said.
There's not too much I can add to what Nick said about the atmosphere, and we ate mostly the same things but I will go over what I ate and some other things.
I'll start off by saying that our waitress was awesome, she was a great waitress - I wish I could remember her name. 
Like he said, we got the pickled veggies and if you know me, you know I LOVE vinegar and I will put it on anything - so the fact that they were more vinegary made me a huge fan. 
For my first course I got a seared diver scallop in a lobster bisque soup. I love lobster bisque soup and I love scallops, what a great combo. Perfect creaminess that I look for in a bisque soup.
Also, the rolls they brought out right before we got our first course were steaming hot. I love that. Perfect to dip in my soup. 
I tried one of Nick's mussels...I don't like mussels but wow, I liked his. I love thai food so the thai curry sauce didn't hurt. 
For my entree I got the grilled hanger steak. I'm not a fan of meats that are rare, which is how the chef cooks it. I told her I wanted it medium, then I changed my mind because I wanted to have it how the chef was used to preparing it. The waitress came out a minute later and warned me that there would be some blood and that the chef suggested I go with the medium. I'm glad I did. It was delicious. Perfectly cooked for my taste. It came pre-sliced which I love, saves me the time of cutting it myself! Call me lazy, but I just want to eat! It came with a tomato compote and a small serving of mashed potatoes, the potatoes were a great addition to meat, I love steak and potatoes. The compote I was not a fan of at all but it didn't take away from the dish either. 
I also tried the pork tenderloin and the braised beef short ribs which were both delicious. Tenderness was the theme of the night. I actually think I liked these two dishes more than mine because they were both full of so much flavor, mine was a bit more subtle. I loved everything though. 
The desserts were also good, I got a chocolate tart with a caramelized banana on top and a generous amount of caramel on the side. Glad I got it. 
The timing of the courses was perfect, I've been to a lot of places where they give you no time in between courses and you feel rushed. I appreciated the time to have in between courses and prepare myself for more food. 
I will be going back, and the normal menu prices aren't much more than the restaurant week prices for three courses, so don't expect to break the bank but prepare to spend 35-50 a person for three courses. 
Also, it is a wine bar - their list is very extensive. The bartender also made some mean cocktails.My wife and I stumbled upon this place while searching for a Saturday evening meal post-museum. The catch was we were in a big rainstorm, had no reservations, but hoped the weather kept some people in. Thanks to Yelp reviews, we checked out Meritage and glad we did!  
Menu includes "Snacks," "Small Plates," and "Large Plates."  We tried a couple Snacks (the Jersey Corn custard was awesome!), and Diver Scallops, mixed greens salad, and a very well prepared roasted 1/4 chicken.  While I rarely order chicken at a restaurant, I was glad I tried this flavorful dish, tender inside but with a crispy skin, and oozed with flavor in every bite.
We were lucky to be sat in a quieter side room as the main dining room seemed to echo with noise from other diners.  Despite posters who said they were part of larger groups, the cozy space seems like any large group would totally dominate the room.  I would agree that the side room felt cozy in a good way -- and would specifically request a table in that room for future visits!  Wine list was ok.  Common to the area, parking is a problem, but found out they have parking available nearby for $8.Meritage is one of my favorite restaurants, hooked after my first visit. I recently moved a few blocks away from the craziness that is Rittenhouse Square and was excited to try the restaurants that were now "closer" than my last place. I decided to book a reservation at Meritage on Open Table after perusing the menu.
When our group arrived I was sold on the atmosphere, it is intimate and cozy, it feels like an old converted house and is very inviting. The bar area compliments the intimate setting and I think suits the restaurant well. We were promptly seated in the main dining room and our waitress quickly introduced herself and took our drink order. I was happy to see that one of my favorite CA vineyards found itself to PA (Trefethen) and onto Meritage's awesome wine list.
Our group was especially hungry and ordered the cheese plate which included a good variety (not all blues or brie-type cheeses), the pork dumplings and the local mushrooms, all were awesome. My entree, a rabbit dish, was out of this world, it was extremely tender and the bed of polenta was flavorful - sometimes polenta can be boring, not at Meritage. Very good. One of my friends ordered the Meritage kobe burger which was small, but so yummy (it is appropriately listed in the small plate section of the menu). Very moist burger (even though I hate to use that word, that is the best adjective) with house made Korean chili sauce which was really good.
Dessert was amazing, the pot de creme was out of this world, though we were both stuffed beyond belief we could not put our spoons down. Truly one of the best desserts I've ever had. The menu is seasonal so not everything I mentioned above may be on the current menu (we went in the Fall), but I am positive whatever fresh ingredients Meritage chefs get their hands on they'll create dishes you won't forget and that will keep you waiting until your next visit.A delightful and thoroughly delicious experience!  We were dining with a group of 15 but it still felt like an intimate dinner.  
The atmosphere is cozy but open, and the menu is wonderful.  We tried the mussels and pan seared scallops as appetizers and the Berkshire pork chop for the entree - everything was cooked to perfection!  
A great bottle of wine and congenial company made the evening!I only attended for one meal with these folks but WOW! --- Yes WOW!!
To start with the service was impeccable.  Absolutely, Impeccable!
I took a group for a birthday dinner for one of our friends and we loved it.  A group of four people all whom ordered Filets and Fish, add bottled water and a great bottle of wine left me with a bill that was just a tad, as in five dollars, over $200.  
The overall design of the place is cute and cozy with a professional feel to it.  The music is at the perfect level and fits with the decor.
All I have to say is you need to try this location... the sweet potatoes put mine to shame.
Now you ask why not give them five stars? The answer is simple, I have only been there once and everyone needs to improve -- they had run out of lobster bisque that evening so I was saddened. 
But try this place out!!!Ate here for restaurant week. Butternut squash soup and hangar steak were amazing. Service was impeccable and friendly. We did not get wine and did not receive any bad looks. I'm looking forward to trying their Korean night.Just came home from the Game Tasting Menu evening at Meritage and - Woohoo indeed - the meal was a stunning success from the amuse bouche to the dessert.  The $39 price was a real deal in addition, even though we tripled our bill indulging in the intelligent wine and spirit list of the restaurant.
After a luscious braised rabbit with quince, cranberry and almonds, the meal began in earnest with Confit of Guinea Hen - the earthy, rich meat covered by the crackling, crisp skin.  The succulent stuffed quail with a spiced bordelaise was followed by slow braised wild boar, accompanied by a crunchy horseradish potato croquette and charred broccolini - a wonderful combination.  My table liked the chocolate torte with salted caramel and "Swiss" marshmallow so much, we ordered a second helping of this indulgence, together with a Spanish dessert wine that - like Banyuls - went very well with the chocolate.
The service:  perfect!  Attentive but never hovering, highly professional but also gregarious.  I was very impressed and wish I would encounter service like that more often in Philadelphia.
Congratulations to chef Anne Coll for a superb dinner - that woman would do well in Paris!  I owe it to myself to go to other tasting menus held at Meritage.I had dinner at Meritage with my girlfriend and a relatively large group of her coworkers on a random Friday night in October.  The first thing that I recall about the experience was that the restaurant smelled exactly like my grandparents' house - cat food and mothballs.  The odor wasn't overpowering, but certainly wasn't pleasant.
I'd probably still have a favorable opinion of the place if the food was great, but it isn't.  I had an ok squash and apple soup, followed by a bland, if tender, piece of chicken, and finished things off with some sort of unremarkable dessert.  I really can't recall what it was, perhaps something fruity?  The offerings well reflected the mood of the autumn season, but other than that they didn't really have much going for them.
Overall, the experience was forgettable, aside from the dining area's unique odor.  It wasn't particularly bad, but there are plenty of better places in Philadelphia.So I went there and ordered a bunch of appetizers for me and my gf and was very pleased with the experience - 
I give the the roasted duck breast a 4.25/5 rating - ordered it medium rare - cooked to perfection - I could have lived without the parsnip puree though-  but still went well together -  will definitely get this again.
The appetizers we got - 
Crispy Calamari with Korean Chili Sauce -  good, not great - definitely used gochu-jang (korean hot bean paste) with some corn syrup and sesame oil?  the presentation was fantastic -  pretty tasty if paired with a light beer or a sapporo -  Taste: 3.5/5  /   Presentation 4.5/5!
Eberly Farms Chicken Liver Pate with black mission fig chutney and crostini-  definitely a rich dish - don't mix with the other dishes - I would almost split this with a table of four - i love pate and even though this was chicken liver pate, I still really enjoyed it w/ the fig chutney - I wonder how it would have gone with a quince spread?  Taste:  4/5 
Hudson Valley Foie Gras Dumplings with browned black Truffle Butter
Pretty good - definitely tasted the truffle butter which came off more like truffle oil - still tasty-  only three to the order - 3.75/5  definitely was nice dipping some of the crostini in before spreading on some pate - =)
Overall the experience was enjoyable, service was great,  ambiance was perfect for a Thursday evening out.I would actually give it 3.5 stars.  We ate here, after leaving the noisy Pub and Kitchen across the street.  Ambiance was quite pleasant, able to have a conversation, no loud din of music in background.  The menu was not particularly interesting, but the food was quite good.  My striped bass entree was delicious.  My wife's roast chicken was also fab, always the mark of a good chef.  Bread pudding desert was ordinary.  We'd definitely come back.I went to Meritage with a colleage to have happy hour drinks and snacks this past Friday, and was appalled at how terrible our experience was. As soon as we entered, we were greeted, and after asking if they had a happy hour, we told them we just wanted to grab a quick drink and possibly a snack, and took a seat in the bar area. 
When our server then came to us, and we told her we were only staying for a drink and a snack, her demeanor changed completely and she became totally stand-offish. 
After receiving our short-pour sub-par wines, we soon received two greasy, overly salted appetizers, on the menu as chickpea "fries" and kimchi fritters.
The "fries" (there were 4 of them) were merely chickpeas, too much cumin, some salt, pureed in the food processor, molded into the shape of a "fry", then deep fried. The fritters were a similar mashed substance, way way too salty, also deep fried, and not resembling kimchi whatsoever in flavor. Both appetizers had the same consistency--mushy.
After finishing our drinks, we chatted for a few minutes while waiting for our waitress to return. She never did. We waited..Fifteen minutes later, another waitress (or was she the hostess or the bartender, as everyone seemed to be everywhere?) eventually passed by, and we asked if we could get our check. She said she would get our waitress. Another 10 minutes went by, NO service of any kind, then the same waitress (not ours) came back with our check. If we were different people, we would've already walked out. Then, my colleague wanted to use her card to pay, and it took another 20 minutes to complete that transaction.
We never saw our original waitress again. 
So, the service was atrocious, we were treated badly for no reason, the food was embarrassingly bad, the wine skimpy and cheap-tasting, and we still stuck around to pay the check, just to be good people.
Meritage made a mistake this time with whom they chose to poorly serve. I am involved in the industry, and will be sharing my experiences openly with any other restaurant industry insiders in Philadelphia who ask if I have dined there.I love this place! It has been my favorite Philadelphia restaurant for some time now. The menu changes with the seasons, and always offers something new, fresh and super delicious! It's just a few blocks of Rittenhouse Square and offers what I think is a superior product and ambiance for the buck compared to some of the "trendy" (over-hyped) restaurants right near the Square. I love to eat (and drink) at the bar with friends while we people watch, and chat with Irene the super friendly owner (part time bar tender)!I would probably give this four-and-a-half stars, and would have given five had I loved the dessert.
The wine list is extensive (as it should be considering it's name), with varietals from all over the world.  The specials that evening, which we tried all of, were perfect.  Lamb meatballs are easily one of my favorites, and their iteration was excellent.
Dinner was nice, well portioned, and definitely made me want to visit again.  Our server was excellent as well.  She was attentive and kept the wine flowing!  The space itself is larger than you'd expect, but had an intimate feel thanks to dim lighting and quaint seating spaces.
My only gripe was the chocolate cake we had for dessert.  I felt that it was dry and just didn't live up to the rest of the meal.  Regardless, we'll be back and I'll just try a different dessert.Came here to try the ribeye for two deal that they were running. We decided to sit outside since it was a nice day and we enjoy people watching.
Started out with the fried green tomatoes. They were heavily battered and accompanied by a sauce that I am now forgetting. Enjoyable, but average. 
The ribeye for two was $40 and came with truffle mashed potatoes and a corn, tomato, green bean veggie mix. The mashed potatoes were creamy, but the truffle oil was a bit over done. It made the potatoes very rich and we couldn't finish them. The veggies were nicely cooked. The steak was served on a large plate, sliced, and topped off with a salad. I think I would have liked to see the salad served on a separate plate. The meat was cooked very nicely, although definitely on the rare side of medium rare. It did have some fatty pieces which in my book is awesome! That's where all the good flavor is! We wound up getting a bottle of Cabernet and since we got the ribeye deal, the bottle was only $20 instead of the usual $40. Score! 
I had to knock it down a star because the outside area was super buggy. As soon as the food was brought out, the flies started circling. Definitely made the experience a little less enjoyable so next time we'll sit inside.I have been to Meritage many times and I love it a little bit more each time. Most recently, I had one of the best dates ever there. It was a perfect night to sit at their outside tables. 
We stuck to mostly small plates. The deviled eggs were my favorite, but the calamari and Korean sauce was excellent as well. We also had the crab and shrimp shumai and the seared tuna.
My date's comment to the owner when she asked how it was summed it up pretty succinctly - "It's as if my taste buds had multiple orgasms" 
Their wine list seems to be perfect for my tastes and I feel like it's priced better than most restaurants. They also have a pretty solid bourbon list.
The owners are so friendly and down to earth as well. They really love what they do and it shows in the food they make. Can't wait to go back.Wonderful salad with friend gazpacho beans. Cleaned up my plate like it was nobody's business.
Amish chicken was succulent. Mm.
Flourless chocolate cake could have used some work.Everything about this place was slightly amateur. The musky smell of something mildewy/moldy struck me as soon as I stepped in. The ska music ("cool jazz sirius radio station"). The waitress who was really nice, but over-attentive. This may have been because the restaurant was completely empty, save for one other table. I don't usually mention these sorts of things, but it all amounted to: amateur production. 
The appetizers were just fine--I got a salad with goat cheese. For the entree, I got mussels (which was actually an appetizer dish) as a main course. The portion was large, perfect-for sharing as an appetizer, but the mussels came with a flatbread, which was virtually useless when trying to sop up sauce. The mussels were unremarkable.
Overall, the food was mediocre. (I went with my boyfriend, but can't remember what he got.) I haven't blacklisted the restaurant, but I don't think I'll go back.I love coming here for the tasting menus. The restaurant is small and cozy. I recommend making reservations in advance. The tasting/regular menu price is fair. The wine selection is good. The service is okay.I am so happy to have Meritage in my neighborhood. They are so veggie friendly and we get ideas for recipes to try every time we eat here.  Omg, the pickled vegetables are so good, we have yet to figure them out.  The portions are small but this doesn't infuriate me for some reason, as it does at so many Center City establishments. 
They seem to make an effort to keep the vibe neighborhood-y. It's difficult to combat the pretentiousness around here but they do it well. A woman seated next to me in the crowded dining room (on New Year's Eve) complained loudly and repeatedly and dramatically that I was talking too loudly. "I can't take this!!! I need to get out of here!!!" dramatics and everything.  The staff quietly evaluated the situation and moved her poor dining partner and her to another table. The staff was so nice to me after this potentially embarrassing incident. My heroes!
Also, they serve their regular menu (in addition to a special menu) on NYE, which is awesome.Meritage seems to be in search of an identifying trait.  When the last chef left--who was AMAZING--he was replaced by a refugee of Susanna Foo's.  Her menu is okay, but random.... none of the apps and entrees seem to fit together.  On the upside, it is cheaper than the old menu, which was about $5 too much per entree.
The service is still great, and the bartender is super helpful with wine suggestions.  The atmosphere remains cozy.  However, I'd love to see these new, lower prices combined with the "wow" factor of some of the old chef's dishes... and his brunch.  The pecan rolls were literally my favorite brunch food in Philadelphia.
Also:  be sure to try their awesome French press coffee.