Was looking forward to trying Merkaz all week and it was my reward for getting in a Saturday morning spin class nearby. I got the Egg in a Pita and it was amazing! I hate spin but I'd do it every day for this piece of heaven.Delicious spot for a quick bite. The Jerusalem grill sandwich was absolutely delicious. Lots of flavor and fresh hot meats. Great vegetarian options as well and good prices.A lot of hype and hip over  nothing. Food okay, service
Could use some improvements! Half the menu was not available so out of five sandwiches only three where available , in my opinion it's  to pricey for an un satisfying sanwich.I ordered a plate of hummus got very littal hummus and alot of plate.beetoot salad had bad tast. Bad first exprianceMerkaz is yet another great Solomonov & Cook venture! Definitely has a more casual feel to it, similar to Goldie. My friend and I came here for breakfast on a Saturday morning (served until 11 AM) and had no problem finding seats. We got almost everything on their breakfast menu!
My favorites in order were: the pita that came with our order (absolutely amazing, soft, and pillowy), Hummus Foul (warm fava beans, haminado egg, cilantro), Shakshuka (two baked eggs in a spicy tomato and pepper stew), and the Egg in a Pita (served with chopped salad, labneh, za'atar). The hummus was one of the best I've had in my life! The tomato stew in the shakshuka was also delicious.
Another highlight of the meal was my Yemenite Latte! Holy moly. It has a lovely mix of cardamom, ginger, cinnamon. Do yourself a favor and get this!
Service was alright. They did double charge me for something, but noticed the error on their own and corrected it.
My one somewhat major regret is not getting the Salatim here. Oh well, there's always next time!Really solid and as expected from a CookNSolo restaurant. 
Pita is fresh and has that perfect amount of chew to it. 
The egg and veggies inside the sabich pita was either all very well prepared. Egg was perfect hard boil and seasoned. The eggplant was fried but not over fried. The fresh cucumber & tomatos were just that, fresh. The sauce was also as expected. All in all it was a nice lunch. I didn't experience any line issue but can see how it will be super packed and hard to manuever inside when there is a lunch rush.The sandwiches are pita based. I tried the egg sandwich as well as chicken schnitzel. Both are well seasoned with spices with fresh veggies including chopped cucumber to give a crunch. The chicken schnitzel isn't breaded, tender and not dry.
The salatim has very strong spice.
Hummus is really smooth, highly recommendedForgot to take more pictures of food, but ordered two pita sandwiches, bowl of hummus with pita, and beets. 
Location: center city area. Ten min walk from city hall area. The interior is casual and you order your food at the counter & they bring it out for you. Seating is limited. 
Food: would say it's pretty basic Israeli food. Would say for the portion size, it is a bit on the pricey-er side. Ingredients were generally fresh and tasted good. Would not likely come back again, just cause there are similar places closer to where I live. If you're looking for a healthier quick fix option, would say check it out.I am kind of in between 3/4 stars as is that compared to his other restaurants (Zahav) , it doesn't come close. I am also from the nyc area where I can get chicken or vegetarian pitas often. But their pita sandwiches are just as good as any of the pita sandwiches I had in my neck of the woods so I definitely recommend if you are in the Rittenhouse area.Merkaz is like if Goldie and dizengoff had a delicious baby.
The mushroom pita sandwich was amazing. Tons of flavor packed in fluffy pita. I was surprised how good mushrooms can taste.
Their beets side is also awesome, ate a whole bowl.
The line can get super long during busy times and they can run out of food early (late afternoon).
There is seating, but it can get really crowded.
I will be back for more.Stopped by for an early lunch on a whim.  Got the lamb pita.  It was one of the tastiest sandwiches I have ever consumed.  Long line but it moved fast.  Staff was very friendly.  It's a Solomonov place so your going to try it regardless of what yelp says but here you are right for doing so.  Can't wait to try more.Michael Solomonov can do no wrong, he has enriched the Philly food scene. Pro tip- if you can't get a rez at Zahav and are craving their yummy hummus, go to dizengoff or Merkaz! 
Merkaz is a more fast food kind of joint with no more than 3-4 tables and high top counters. The menu is divided into breakfast lunch and dinner, breakfast is served from 7-11, the regular pita sandwiches are available from 11 to close, with za'atar chicken dinners from 4-7. 
We have only ever been there for lunch and tried the hummus, chicken schnitzel sandwich and lamb sandwich, truly light and delicious. Another regular told us that we can get the sandwiches in a bowl and dip the pita. 
I was lucky enough to try their coffee and it is oh my gosh! Must try. 
Eat away Philly!Food was great!  Limited seating, but don't fret: the pace of the food coming out of the kitchen is such that by the time you order and your food is ready, a table would've freed up.So I'm on call today, and you know, there's no such thing as calories on call. We hadn't rounded yet, and my attending wanted to get a breakfast sandwich. He had been hitting up this spot for a while for their egg on pita sandwich. Walking in, it was a cute, modern decor. Lots of light and bright colors. I got a chai latte and an egg pita. Service was quick. The pita was room temp, but quite light. It didn't crumble and have that chewiness to it, which I'm not a fan of. It also didn't have too much doughiness to it either, which I appreciated. The egg was a good amount and light/fluffy, as well. There was a diced cucumber accompaniment to the sandwich that gave a great crunch and contrast to the texture. The white sauce reminded me of a sour cream but didn't have the heaviness. There was a green herb/spicy condiment on the table that was a perfect pairing. The spice was present but not overwhelmingly uncomfortable. 
I'd definitely come back just for this breakfast sandwich, and I think I'd even like to try their lunch/dinner options.Anyone who's lived in Philly for very long has heard of Michael Solomonov and his reastaurant - dare I say it? - empire. This newest installment serves delicious pita sandwiches, some meat and some veg, in a quick serve cafe format. The food is delicious as expected for one of Solomonov's eateries. The atmosphere is relaxed, and there are plenty of interesting drink options including specialty coffees and teas. I recommend the yemenite latte. 
The one extra bonus for this restaurant is that they sell to-go containers of Salatim, Solomonov's flavorful veggie side dishes. I'm going to make a point of stopping here on my way home from work when I want a quick side for whatever dinner I'm cooking at home.Went here with my s/o and he had the lamb pita and I had the chicken schnitzel. Both were great. If they had like ....  Za'atar fries or something that would make it *chef kiss.It was okay. To make it better, I'd put some hot sauce on the Chicken Schnitzel Sandwich - it's a tad bland otherwise. And I'd also have sides - like fries. The schnitzel itself was a little too thick to be schnitzel, which should be thin. But overall fine.Solomonov & Cook at it again! Mercaz is a pita sandwich shop also located in Center City. Great for a casual meal with friends, though the restaurant setting isn't as conducive to group seating as Dizengoff or Goldie are. Came in at 5:30pm on a Friday evening with 4 of my friends, and it wasn't crowded - maybe 6-8 other folks in the restaurant. 
Atmosphere: Well-lit and casual atmosphere. I see this being a popular casual lunch spot / super busy during lunchtimes. When we went, our orders came out within 5-10 minutes. Servers were friendly, and there's an open kitchen view. Group seating wasn't great - there's only one table that can seat ~5-6 to one table. The rest are all on high-chairs, but in one row vs. a table - in total, there's maybe room for 15-20 people total. I'd recommend smaller groups (max 4) come during busy times.
Food: Nothing absolutely WOW'ed me like Dizengoff's hummus or Goldie's tehina milkshakes, but I would come back for the lamb pita sandwich - it's crispy lamb, stuffed in a pita pocket with tomatoes and cucumber. And a pickle on the side. Overall, quite filling! There were some inconsistencies among the orders - 2 of my friends also got the lamb sandwich - one of their pitas quickly fell apart, and the sauces dripped out from the bottom. Mine was mostly intact, though the pitas get a bit soggy at the end with the sauce. Still tasty though! Also recommend trying their hibiscus grapefruit gazoz - flavored sparkling water/soda. Not too sugary - on the light and refreshing side.
Overall: 4/5 - While I think I'll still frequency Dizengoff or Goldie more, this was a great addition to Philly. I'll be back for a tasty pita sandwich - I'd love to try their other toppings as well. Just not during busy lunch times!Ate there on day one and it lived up to my expectations. Signage not even up yet.
 Had the Sabich in pita and it was legit. The fresh mint tea was a surprise. Pot of steeped tea and a glass with fresh mint leaves, so refreshing.Tonight took the family for an early dinner at Merkaz.  Good not great food.  The highlight was the Sabich, with a tasty Yemeni egg.  The hummus was good, our other sandwich was decent.  Beet salad was meh.  As you'd expect, great pita.This place will likely reach 5 stars once it perfects its process.  I've been multiple times and have generally been happy with my meals.  I just think there is some inconsistency considering I've had 3 Sabich sandwiches and each one tasted fairly different because very different proportions of each ingredient.  Regardless, this is an incredible sandwich that will be a go-to for me.  I also got the the schnitzel to go once and while I only waited 5-10 minutes to eat it, the chicken was soggy and a bit dry/tough.  I expected a lot more from this but I suspect it was not how good it usually is.  The side salads are all amazing and a perfect side to one of their sandwiches.  The eggplant, roasted peppers, roasted beets, and fennel salads are all must haves.  The mint tea here is also amazing.  I will be coming back regularly.I work in the neighborhood and was siked for this spot to open. The pita sandwiches are delicious, but unfortunately on more than one occasion it has taken 20-25 minutes to get my food. For an order-at-the-counter kind of place, that's ridiculous. It's good, but not that good. And the staff weren't particularly sorry about it. Just not worth such a long wait.Any Michael Solomonov restaurant automatically piques my interest and this one is no exception. Being relatively new this place had a small line out the door waiting for a spot but it cleared up pretty quickly. Michael definitely knows his interior design and this place was no exception. Tall ceilings give a sense of airiness while menus are posted in big letters right above an open kitchen and an adjacent counter. Like a cafe you order at the counter, and the staff are happy to explain what's on the menu.
Speaking of menu they have daily selections for salad and hummus bowls as well as a fixed list of pita sandwiches and larger dinner only family sized entrees. We got a hummus bowl (hummus foul which had beans as a topping) and the Jerusalem Grill sandwich along with some Yemenite coffee and a small roasted pepper salad. Michael Solomonov is responsible for introducing me to so many different middle eastern foods. I'm not talking about just the coffee, which was very good and had a distinct cinnamon-y taste (probably some other spice though) to it, but also the Jerusalem Grill sandwich as well, which was made with roasted turkey and chicken hearts. Having had his duck hearts at Zahav I knew I had to give it a try, and boy was I glad I ordered that. The duck hearts were cooked super tender, flavorful, and slightly chewy (in a good way) and were the perfect protein for the sandwich. The hummus bowl was good because the hummus is the same creamy hummus but the sandwich stole the show.
The ambience was great. It had a nice airy cafe feel to it and I can easily see myself doing work there. Oh and they serve a full assortment of coffee drinks including cortados, and also have some pretty interesting sodas that I will be checking out next time I'm back.Another solid place by Michael Solomon. Very similar to his other restaurants, Merkaz seems to be a fusion of Goldie and Dizengoff. 
I tried the salatim (beets, roasted eggplant, sweet potato mash, pickled salad), cauliflower pita sandwich, and hummus of the day. All of the dishes were delicious though the salatim was a little too heavy handed on the salt. The cauliflower sandwich came with a nice char on the cauliflower that packed flavor. The pita and hummus is just like the ones you get at Dizengoff (which are wonderful!) though with only 2 varieties to choose from.
They also have gazoz (sparkling juices/sodas) - I tried the lemon cardamom and hibiscus grapefruit. They were light and refreshing, though I'm not a huge fan of sparkling water, I wouldn't go out of my way for it.
Overall, a nice spot to grab a quick bite to eat if you're looking for a little more variety. There is fairly limited seating (less than 20 total), so it may be better to take your food as a grab and go!Another Solomonov hit! The pita sandwiches here are packed with flavor. The pitas themselves are soft, light and fresh. The lamb pita is good but the new mushroom cheesesteak is amazing! The mushrooms have a great meaty texture that should satisfy the pickiest carnivores. Combined with the tartness from the pickles and spicy kick from the peppers the flavors of the mushroom cheesesteak are just divine.I've only tried the chicken schnitzel pita sandwich from Merkaz, but it was very tasty. It was a good size, filled with some tasty Israeli salad and a big piece of fried chicken. Not the greatest chicken I've had, but it's pretty thin so tough to keep it juicy. Very flavorful though and went great with the veggies and sauce. I'd like to go back to try the lamb next time.Will I ever be disappointed by a Solomonov + Cook restaurant? Restaurant by restaurant, I'm am more and more convinced that that's a big no. 
Merkaz has been on our list for a while, and after joining a Hanukkah cooking class hosted by Chef Mike himself, we were inspired to try yet another one of his ventures. We ordered take out for a Friday night - the restaurant even called a day in advance to ensure that we ordered for Friday and not Thursday, and I really appreciated this double check. I was the last person to pick up a meal that day, and I felt badly for making the staff wait to close up, but the workers were incredibly friendly and did not seem to mind at all. The space itself looks so cool - very modern decor with lots of mirrors and plants around. Can't wait to eat in person when safe to do so! Our order was ready to go, and the server made our gazoz drinks in real time - a nice touch. We don't usually order drinks to go, but we were very intrigued by the gazoz and their unique flavors. I opted for the maple lime and my fiancee for the hibiscus grapefruit. The drinks were definitely refreshing and pretty light in flavor - similar to a La Croix in the strength of flavor, but still delicious and refreshing. A nice addition to our meal and to the menu! For our meals, we both went for the lamb pita. This is a MUST! The pita itself was so fresh and light, truly some of the best pita I've had. The sandwich was overflowing with lamb, which was complimented nicely with deliciously creamy and flavorful tehina and savory peppers and onions. We both didn't want it to end, the flavors were that good. We could tell the sandwich was high quality, and the lamb perfectly meshed with the other flavors. We supplemented our meal with the daily salatim, a roasted eggplant with date and molasses. It almost tasted like candy - the flavors were so rich and nicely brought out the flavor of the eggplant while showcasing the sweetness of the molasses. Our only regret is not getting extra pita to house the salatim and to enjoy longer! 
Merkaz is another hit from the Solomonov family that should not be missed! I can see this being an excellent lunch spot, but also hit the spot for dinner (if you can wait that long to enjoy!). Highly recommend the lamb pita, and definitely get some extra pita to enjoy. We can't wait to revisit and hopefully enjoy our delicious meal inside the restaurant! Thanks for making the Philly restaurant scene extraordinary!There may be a line out the door when you get here, but it is well worth it! I had the lamb pita sandwich the first time I was here and it was seriously delicious. Make sure to try the harissa and green sauces as well. 
It's slightly on the pricey side for lunch but not bad for the quality ($9-13 without sides or a drink). The line does move relatively quickly. 
If you're coming for lunch try to get there before noon to avoid the rush!Merkaz is my new Solomonov obsession, though I wish it was closer to both my apartment and my office! Though I know my wallet is thankful for the distance.
I came around 11:30am on a Saturday; at that time, they no longer serve breakfast and instead are serving their lunch items. I got the Sabich (fried eggplant, haminado egg, chopped salad, amba, and tehina in a pita). It was so delicious! The eggplant especially was perfect - crispy on the outside and tender on the inside.
I can't wait to come back to try the cauliflower pita for lunch, some of the homemade Gazoz sodas (looking at you, lemon cardamom), and try EVERYTHING on the breakfast menu!In terms of decor and service - 5 stars all around but the food just didn't do it for me. The chicken salad pita was way too salty. My friend got the eggplant pita sandwich and she agreed her sandwich was a bit salty as well. Overall though, a very fresh hardy meal. If you in in the area, it's worth checking out.Always excited to hear of any new Solomonov-backed place in Philly. Merkaz is like a marriage of Goldie and Dizengoff, but with more variety as far as sandwich options go. I decided to try the lamb pita and was not disappointed - the portion size was good, though I had no trouble finishing the entire thing (and wished I had some sides or something to go with it). At $16 (including tax and a small tip), I was hoping for something a bit more substantial. Don't get me wrong, the flavors were great as was the sandwich altogether, but I did have to venture to Goldie for a shake after. Would have been great to have a size of Za'atar or Shawarma fries (from Fed Nuts/Goldie) to go with it. Just saying!How to answer the call that one hears
Ringing faintly from abdomen, rather than ears?
A slow-growing hunger, not for steak or for fish
But a vegetarian's spiced-up and roast-pizazz wish
For a sandwich, perhaps, but nothing so boring
As a PB&J of childhood's mooring.
No, Merkaz has much better to offer your tongue:
Roasted mushrooms, soft eggs, and parsley picked young
All crammed in a pita or spread on a platter
Nestled on hummus, i.e. "legumes that matter."
And don't forget your fresh leaf mint tea
Served with enough sugar to make all agree
That the end of a meal laced with schug, fruit and foul
Should be a hot cup of steamed-and-steeped sinensis jewels.Love their food!
I first came here through a Yelp event, and I'm SO glad they brought Merkaz to my attention because I've definitely returned since then. 
The food is so flavorful - my favorites so far have been their hummus and sandwiches. I love that they have great vegetarian options as well. Their interior is also simple and somewhat small but clean and inviting. It's set up well as a lunch/to-go spot, but I'm just bummed that they close so early; not really a viable spot to eat dinner there with friends because it closes by 6pm. Price point is solid and great to have another delicious Solomonov option around!WOW! I am OBSESSED with hummus here! It's from the same folks that brought us Zahav and Dizengoff, so of course it's the same wonderful hummus, just now accessible without a 3 month wait for a table! Though their open times are somewhat limited.
The restaurant is self-service with seating that gets taken up quickly on busy days. Must orders are the Hummus Foul (breakfast only) and the lamb pita sandwich (delicious and very hearty). I wasn't a fan of the chicken schnitzel. Prices are on the more expensive side but the food is great quality. 
I can't wait for it to re-open after the coronavirus because I'm craving their hummus so bad!I live across the street from this place and have been watching in anticipation over the last few months as it's been coming together. Got to try it out on day one and was pleased with the short wait both to order and then for the food which I took to go. 
The guy who took my order was very knowledgeable of the food which was helpful for me, having no idea what hummus foul was. I heard that Zahav, the sister restaurant has some heavenly hummus, so I knew I had to try this particular iteration. It did not disappoint. On another level. 
I also got the Yemenite Latte. Very tasty subtle flavor. 
I'll definitely be back to try more of the menu... I'm excited about their breakfast that they serve til 11.Wow amazing. Merkaz is kind of like a mix of Goldie and Dizengoff. You can get pita sandwiches or hummus bowls. I got the most amazing pita sandwich which I forget the name of but apparently is a very popular one. It had eggplant, egg, hummus, and some sort of crunchy cabbage. It was really so good. I've always liked Goldie but I think I like Merkaz more now because they have options other than falafel.Lamb shawarma full of black gritty overcooked bits. Chicken cutlet overcooked and dry.Merkaz is the next best thing to zahav when it comes to Hummus. We ordered the Hummus foul and one of their pita sandwiches and it was amazing. I can't get enough of them and we wanted more for take out. We really enjoyed the quality of their food. They have a small space but now they have outdoor seating. The staff service is quick too! I highly recommend this place and would love to come back!Loved, loved, loved the lamb sandwich. It was crispy on the edges, yum! The hummus is excellent. The pita was fluffy, unlike any I've had before. A little pricey, but worth it. I learned from Instagram that you can order any sandwich over a swoosh of hummus with a pita -- perfect!For some reason I just got around to trying this place out. Another Solomonov hit! We went for lunch and had the Tehina chicken salad bowl, the smash kebab pita sandwich, the sabich (eggplant) hummus platter, and a side of the beets which was the daily salatim that day. I also had the hibiscus grapefruit gazoz.
Everything was very good. I especially liked the smash kebab sandwich (packed with flavor) and the hummus platter we got. Everything was fresh. Definitely recommend the sandwiches and hummus platters for lunch! I'll have to come back to try the dinner options.I used the order ahead function because I knew I wouldn't be there for 45 minutes. They made my food right away so it had been sitting there for 30 minutes before I arrived. I asked the man at the counter to refresh it but he said they just made it. This wasn't true because I received an email and text when it was ready (30 min. before it was supposed to be).Went there for breakfast to try out this new spot and was blown away. I had the egg pita breakfast sandwich and the hummus bowl, as well as one of the iced teas. The food was delicious and the tea was great. In addition, the physical space is beautiful, and everyone there, including the head chef, is so friendly. I look forward to coming back frequently.As far as Gyros go....below average. Very very light on lamb (overcooked btw), honestly your run of the mill Greek diner gyro is better and half the price. Be prepared to wait over 20 min for your order (not peak hours) and when you do ...best to bring your own drink because they never gave us ours, even after we asked the food runner about them. 
Oh and best part "10% service charge automatically added to all orders" laughable.Before covid-19 I was planning to stop here for lunch. I'm working from home now and it finally hit me that I can get lunch from Merkaz delivered. I ordered the lamb pita. I don't know the full list of ingredients stuffed in that pita with the lamb, but it all meshed together perfectly. The lamb itself was cooked perfectly. I devoured that tasty sandwich quickly and I'm looking forward to my next order.The sabich was tasty but lacked the depth and sharp flavors of the best ones (such as at Taim in New York). Eggplant on the sabich had punchy seasoning but a leathery texture.  
The whole staff was super friendly.  But the restroom was a mess -- really needed attention -- and my sabich was topped with a hair.
It's the least satisfied I've been at a Solomonov joint, which was a surprise. The day before, K'Far hit it out of the park. And Dizengoff's pita and hummus is superb.  Merkaz, on my visit, didn't measure up.Thankfully they have listened to the masses and cut back on the salt. This go round, the chicken salad sandwich and the lamb sandwich were top notch! Tender meat and fluffy pita, with just the right amount of toppings.I stopped by after a workout to fuel back up (eat back my calories) since I've gotten this as a rev from several people. And...I hate how much I like it. This is probably my favorite now behind k'far. 
All of the Solomonov places are a bit pricey like in the $20 ish range for lunch so if you're cool with that, cool cool. 
Small tables and bar seating, there were also a lot of to go orders like mine. 
I got the hibiscus grapefruit soda like drink and wow it was so refreshing. This is gonna be an addiction. I got the lamb pita sandwich and wowowow yeah, I'm hating that it's not two half's of a pita but also thinking yeah this is enough or I'd be fat eating this all the time. The lamb was perfectly seasoned with a bit of char and chew. I loved it paired with the assortment of cabbage, cucumbers and tomatoes. 
Already thinking about this sandwich again right after I ate it. Might have to make it a weekly thing.Lamb, texture of beef jerky, overcooked and hard, then eggplant, same. Expensive food, inside has hip decor. Definitely in business for the name cuz it's not for the nom noms. Oh wellI love love love Michael Solomonov places. We were in center city for some work and it felt like the most perfect time to try Merkaz. It's very sandwich/ salad kind of a place. Staff is extremely friendly. There is seating inside and outside. We opted to eat outside. They also have salatims to purchase. 
The sandwiches come in small containers that make them a little difficult to eat. They look cute, don't get me wrong, but I think it could have been packaged better. Overall, I definitely recommend this place.I love the concept. I love the location. I love the coffee. I love the great employees. Love your schug. And I freaking love that you have sabich sandwiches which are nowhere to be found in Philly.
But please please consider dialing back on the salt. As you can see in many other reviews, the excessive use of salt is overshadowing all the wonderful flavors of your menu items. The last few times I came in was worse than before and I felt as if I had accidentally took a little swig while in the Dead Sea and had to spend the rest of the day rehydrating. Love you but why so much salt :(Merkaz is delicious. I could live off their lamb and be happy as a clam. Served with grilled onions and peppers, tehina with a slight kick to it,  Israeli salad (ok well no salad for me), and placed in a perfectly sized pita, the lamb is infused with such a delicious grilled charcoal flavor that it keeps me coming back for more. The also have great hummus at Merkaz a la Dizengoff. When we went most recently we were lucky enough to score Brussels sprouts as the topping and it was to die for. And Merkaz also has a great selection of side items like beets that you can enjoy with your meal, so really Merkaz might be more accurately called Dizenkaz. If they only decided to start serving those addictive fries from Goldie, then my meal would be the perfect trifecta of Goldiedizenkaz. Not that I am dropping any hints or anything like that :)Tasty fast-casual concept from Cook n Solo. There's a lot of similarity between these dishes and ones at Zahav. Decent alternative if you're craving this kind of food nearby. 
I had the eggplant pita - the eggplant's fried exterior was a bit soggy and the whole thing was tough/bland. Was a bit disappointed with this one, but along with the toppings and pita it sort of made up for it.Got take out from here a couple days ago during the times of coronavirus. A fantastic dinner experience!
We got the chicken dinner to go with two gazoz drinks as well. At first the price seemed a bit steep but the quality of the food and the quantity more than made up for it. EASILY enough food for 4 people (we were 2...whoops). Where to start...the hummus was fantastic. So smooth and creamy and a very large helping of it. The two side dishes were fantastic. The beets were well cooked but not mushy with great flavor. The corn dish actually might have been my favorite part of the meal! Not sure what the ingredients were but it was so delicious. Also had a small dish of mint tehina which was great as well. The chicken was fantastic. Maybe a smidge salty but great flavors and so juicy. Even the breast meat was cooked perfectly. They gave us heating instructions for when we got home which didn't ruin it at all. Pita was soft and delicious and we got 4. 
Staff inside were very nice and helpful. Gazoz was made fresh when I got there to pick everything up. 
Delicious food, great price, what else could you want! Will be back for the lamb dinner for sure.The man can do no wrong. The esteemed Zahav chef opens up a sandwich shop and all of a sudden it's one of the best things I've had all year. The Jerusalem grill is delicious--chicken hearts make it unforgettable. The hummus with foul is also dynamite. The bread is great and fluffy (and thick). It's all good! So are the drinks, like the grapefruit hibiscus I got. The accompaniments are bright and contrasting, too. The only complaint I had is how crowded it was. But I can't blame the people. This place rocks.This place got recommended to me by a friend and I am so glad that I decided to stop by! Two friends and I arrived a little after 12 and the store was pretty crowded but the line moved very quickly. Most of the seating was taken so we decided to get our sandwiches to go (Rittenhouse square is only about a 10 minute walk so we had an impromptu picnic). Two of us got the tehina chicken salad pita sandwiches, and the other got the mushroom sandwich with a hibiscus grapefruit soda. All of the meals were very affordable and we were served in less than 15 minutes despite the crowd. I ate the chicken salad sandwich and thought it tasted great. Overall, there was great service and affordable food that tastes good, I would definitely recommend and consider going again!!Michael Solomonov has done it again. When I first heard about Merkaz, it sounded like just a marriage of Dizengoff and Goldie, but nothing terribly revolutionary or new. Don't get me wrong, I love Goldie and Dizengoff; I just couldn't fathom anything better than those Goldie falafel sandwiches. Clearly, I still have lots to learn about Israeli street food! Merkaz brings together the best of both worlds - fresh and perfectly smooth hummus and simple yet heavenly pita sandwiches packed full of flavor. 
What's even more exciting about this place is the fact that you can indulge in this goodness for breakfast! The pita sandwiches are available after 11am. I got the cauliflower pita sandwich, which was just perfect. I can't wait to come back and eat my way through the rest of the menu! 
For the LaCroix lovers out there, don't miss out on the sparkling beverage options - lemon cardamon or hibiscus grapefruit!A bit overhyped in opinion but that's marketing at its finest. I got the special hummus which had pomegranate seeds and brussel sprouts. The brussel sprouts had almost no seasoning/flavor. On the other end, I got the Jerusalem pita which was soooo salty I almost couldn't eat it, and also was like 90% pickles and 10% meat. Luckily I came at like 3pm so no line but I did try coming one day around 12 and the line was out the door. Can't say that it would be worth the wait in my opinion!Counting down until I go back. I have had this on my
List for awhile and so glad I finally got to go and I want to go back. I ate this so quickly and loved each bite. I will be back.
The staff also was amazing!We had a wonderful lunch after some site seeing and the lamb Shawarma was great.  The staff was very informative and provided us with great service.[to the tune of "Beautiful People" by Ed Sheeran]
Philly on a chilly day in the winter,
Need to get warm from the inside out
And I just have a feeling
This is the spot to eat when you are downtown
(Round here) everybody's looking for some sabich
And they wanna know the best in town
In Center City, you can't beat the one at Merkaz
Don't mind the lines, this pita's like a cloud
This hummus, so good
Schnitzel makes me melt
I could use some help 
Ordering everything on the menu
It's all made so fresh
And the shawarma, fire
I never have leftovers.... 
Beautiful pitas.
Tight space, fly jams always playing in the background, and gazoz so refreshing they'll knock your socks off: Merkaz is a win for me. The pitas were so filling, I might struggle to eat a whole one on a normal weekday, but my brother went as a kinda brunch on the weekend and it felt like such a perfect meal! We shared the sabich, hummus special, and a mixed grill, and I think I'd go back for the mixed grill again and again. 
CooknSolo does it again! Don't go w/ a big crew, you might struggle to find space together unless it's during off-hours!Tried the Jerusalem grill pita (chicken hearts/pickles/tahini/grilled onions) with a side of tahini and fresh mint tea. Pita was freshly baked and the chicken hearts were slightly chewy, almost bouncy in the mouth.
Standout was the tahini which tasted a bit like the grilled onions and meat. The condiment at the table was similar to a green chimichurri and a must for my grilled pita. I enjoyed the fresh mint tea for the entire meal and felt refreshed, even when it had steeped for too long and got a bit acidic.
I hope they consider offering smaller portions or side orders of their hummus in the future. I wanted to try it but couldn't fit a pita AND a hummus platter!
Lovely dining space with marble counter tops and bright, mod colors. You know you've found a gem when you want to come back and try everything on the menu!This place was recommended to me by a friend and lived up to the hype! The hummus was fantastic and as creamy as Zahav's in my humble opinion. The brussel sprouts were the special with it the day we went and it was incredible! The lamb pita was recommended to me and did not disappoint! The drinks were also amazing. The Yemenite latte was full of flavor. I loved it, but beware if you don't like cardamom.Blown Away Again
This food is absolutely fantastic. Michael Solomonov has a formula for Middle Eastern cuisine and never seems to disappoint. Simply put - this food is on par with the rest of the places from the Zahav team. 
Be warned, however, that going during peak hours will leave you without a seat or a decently long wait.Amazing, as expected. As others have pointed out, Merkaz is sort of a Goldie-Dizengoff mashup but with meat options in the pita sandwiches instead of falafel and less hummus options. We tried the lamb pita and the hummus of the day which was brussel sprout and pomegranate seeds. I haven't been to dizengoff lately but the hummus was absolutely amazing. Very creamy with a lot of olive oil on top and the pomegranate added nice flavor and texture. The lamb pita had a really good sauce on it and the lamb was nicely seasoned. I also really liked that they have sauces on the table (I believe harissa and schug). 
The prices were reasonable, very similar to dizengoff. And the line wasn't too bad either on a Saturday around 1:15. We found a table for 4 around the same time we got our food but I could see the amount of seating being an issue during busier times.Takeout place should not add 10% service charge "to pay our employees a living wage" - build your wages into your prices. I thought this place was reasonably priced until it came to $20 for a sandwich and drink that was advertised on the menu for $13 plus $3. The prices you charge for your product should pay your employees.Got the lamb shawarma hummus platter. Portion in my opinion was small for the price ($15). Honesty I felt like there was hardly any lamb and the lamb wasn't even that great....felt like I got scraps. I've had WAY better lamb shawarma. This was whatever. 
The hummus and sauces were good. And the pita was good too. 
Overall, I wouldn't try again. You can find WAY better lamb shawarma like at Saads where you get your money's worth too.A solid meal, as expected. This place is a variation on Solomonov's other restaurants, serving up a pita sandwiches, hummus, and salads along with coffee drinks and gazoz (flavored sodas). 
I definitely appreciated the variety--as good as Goldie's falafel is, it is definitely great to have other options. I was also impressed by the number of vegetarian sandwiches/salads. Often, there is only one choice for me. But in this restaurant, I had enough choices to struggle with my decision at the counter! 
I ended up trying out the cauliflower pita sandwich. The pita was warm and fluffy, and the cauliflower was charred and flavorful. I did feel that it had a bit too much turmeric (slightly overpowering), and I would have appreciated more yogurt sauce on top to add moisture and flavor. Still a good sandwich, however. My friends seemed to enjoy their meals as well, but were still hungry after one pita sandwich each. 
I did love the Yemenite latte that I tried. It had spices similar to a chai, but caffeinated with espresso instead. 
As expected, there was quite a crowd in the small store. There was a large slab of counter space near the register that was not being used for seating at all. I wonder if a few bar stools at that location would allow for some extra seating space!Extra-salty with a thick slab of cold pita bread. You'd do better than wait 20 minutes for an overhyped meal.
Must get: cauliflower sandwich, Jerusalem grill
Meh: schnitzel (AVOID), sabich (eggplant), hummus of the day, lentil salad
Missed: lamb sandwich
Merkaz is located conveniently in the heart of center city, amidst countless other great restaurants trying to get buy-in from the younger, hipster crowd. I'm still heartbroken after my favorite hummus spot, Hummusology closed this year, and had my hopes up as Merkaz, owned by the same person behind Dizengoff and Zahav, opened up a shop that's just one block from work.
First of all, AVOID all lunch hours, the lines are absolutely unbearable without any semblance of order. We started waiting for 5 minutes in line, before the staff told us that we were moving in the wrong direction, and made us turn around and somehow we landed in the back of the line - which fortunately, the customers recognized the absurdity and let us cut (appropriately) in front.
My biggest disappointment is not just the overpriced meal, $3 for a small ketchup cup of over-salty lentils, but how cold and sad all of the sandwiches were, straight out of the kitchen. The biggest offender is the chicken schnitzel sandwich, which reminded me of a deep friend leather sole wrapped in two lukewarm thick comforters, masquerading as freshly baked pita. The sabich (eggplant) sandwich was enjoyable, although each bite reminded me how long the previously healthy vegetable had suffered in a deep fryer, removing all taste except a burnt memory of its flavors. The cauliflower was actually unique and offered a complimentary mouth feel and spices that set itself from the other offering. The grilled Jerusalem, with its chicken, liver, and other mixed vegetables was decent, but it was hard to explore each individual flavor when I wasn't desperately seeking for a gallon of water to dilute the salt. Finally, we tried the hummus of the day, brussel sprout with pomegranate seeds: it was decent, but the portions so thin that I thought the best deal that came from this purchase was the Tupperware that it came with. 
Ultimately, Merkaz, with its current existence, is not worth a visit. The lines are too long, the service non-existent, and prices too unrealistic for the quality and quantity of the food.
Food: 2 stars
Service: 1 star
Ambiance: 1-2 stars (can't sit, can't stand)
Price: 1 star ($10 per sandwich, on average)I have had many great Solomonov meals in my day (Zahav, dizengoff, goldie) but I came away from my takeout experience feeling much to be desired. 
With the street outside being utilized to dine out I figured I could enjoy my sabich sandwich "en plain aire" but when I opened and unwrapped my sandwich I found a sloppy and eventually  salty mess. The pita had collapsed and all the sauce was everywhere, no big deal until the overpowering salt levels of the components of the sandwich made it difficult to enjoy. 
The seltzer drink was just ok but had better balance of flavors than the food. I will definitely stick to my hummus and pita meal at dizengoff but for a vegetarian sandwich option I recommend goldie which is just down the block.Just had take out. Pulled up and they loaded the food into the trunk and I drove off. We had been emailed detailed instructions on how to heat up the food-all of this was very welcomed. However, it is the food that is the star! Each dish was outstanding. Tons of great sides including drink and dessert, all for 75 bucks-easily feeds four people.You know, the sample (or at least example) writing in this box here was that such-and-such a (burger) place didn't look like much when so-and-so (the fictional-yet-real writer of the piece) walked past (I guess other Yelpers will know what I'm talking about!), but I gotta say, this place looks like much! It's got orange stools and chairs so that's a huge plus and bonus as far as I'm concerned -- and very Israeli (like ... at least a part of me), too! Byooteeful! It's clean, tidy, bright, cool, and probably has the only trash can in the world I've ever been happy to sit right next to -- and I stayed a while because I needed to sample this and that both food-and-drink-wise. My poor little (okay, or maybe not so little!) tummy could only handle one sandwich and a little salad, so I had the sabich and now I'm wondering what the cauliflauer (that I believe they spell ... some other way, more American. I grew up with British English writing, what can I say?) one is like. Having read the review of how great the Yemenite latte was, I ordered and it and yes it was good, but what was I thinking? I couldn't finish it, had to get tea. Careful! It's hot! I got a nice pot of 'mint-on-mint,' as the very helpful woman at the counter called it and suggested, having heard me just say I really shouldn't have gotten the coffee. The regular pot of mint tea is fresh mint with black tea, or rather black tea in a pot you get to pour over fresh mint leaves waiting for you in a glass -- Mid-East-style (glass rather than cup for tea, I mean). You get a nice brown sugar cube, too, and again Mid-East style I took that in my mouth instead of putting it in the tea. Your choice! I mean, what you do with yours, not what I do with mine, obviously! Only thing is another sugar cube woulda been nice and yes I'm sure I could have asked but with these two drinks and the celery and cardamom soda plus a whole bottle of water and a little bit of a second bottle, well ... I can't say I ended up needing all my tea.
I love that this place has/ is a little market, too, with familiar-to-me and totally happy-making items such as canned Israeli pickles (in two sizes of pickle), hot peppers, pomegranate syrup, date syrup, and various veggies for sale. The carrots are really impressively-sized, wow! So huge! I was thinking if I lived nearby, I could live from this place. Two different kinds of cabbage (as in purple and green -- by the way, green cabbage is the most popular vegetable in the world, I've heard. Did you know that?), cauliflauer, greens, oranges, grapefruits, lemons, pomegranates (I used to -- okay, we used to, me and my family or my family and I, if you want to be all proper about it -- have a pomegranate tree in my/ our/ the yard, so I have an extra-special attachment to it, which I don't suppose is necessarily helpful to you but it makes me happy! It's also super-popular in Israeli art -- and not too unpopular [to say the least] in Turkey, either!), plus a little dairy (labne) and ovoid action are all neatly lined up in the cool-looking cooler-than-usual cooler case, very inviting, all along with the salads of the day in three sizes each. I tried four salads and the radish was my favourite. Now I'm stuck and stymied, dreaming of my salad and how I have to go back for more, and wondering if the hot chocolate is spiced or not, mmm, hmm .... :-D !
The only thing I didn't like was when I went to the bathroom -- which, by the way, was well-kept, clean, stocked with your most basic essentials that so many places lack -- for about two minutes and came back, someone was clearing my drinks! Like, hello! My gloves were on the table. I obviously hadn't left. It's bewildering to me how that mistake could have been made and that kind of thing even post-meal can really ruin, hmph! :-( Other than that, I'd say the experience was pretty great -- but ... I think I would have enjoyed getting what I wanted rather than going with the suggestion, which the sabich was.
Something that confused me, though, was ... the way the people here all unequivocally pronounced that word, as if it were 'sahbeek.' I felt just weird and odd when I heard that .... When things like that happen, I just feel uncomfortable. That's not how I would say it and I don't suppose the workers want to hear my version necessarily -- but of course the confident Israeli always wins! Meaning, not the one who's trying to be nice and considerate or who ever gets thrown off by anything! Being Israeli is a constant competition and so, that also means that people who work in an Israeli restaurant but are not Israeli are ... often uncomfortable, being confronted with this kind of thing and realizing that, well, it's not always nice to bring up the possible mispronunciation of every word. But I felt kind of icky when I heard it. I guess for most people this is like zero percent important so who cares but for me, wanting and longing for a taste and feeling of home, it's of super-duper ultra-importance!No negativity when it comes to this place. After stopping at Goldie for a Tehina shake (go if you haven't been), came here for some deliciousness. Started with the Foul Hummus. Then shared the chicken salad (excellent addition of homemade chips inside) and the lamb (shawarma, my favorite food) which was incredible. The gazoz drinks were super light as well. Must return for more. More greatness from the Solomonov groupWe went in right before they were closing. We wanted order 2 pita sandwiches but they only had one pita left for a sandwich. They gave us a free platter which included lamb. Even though we wanted to pay for the platter, they didn't accept the money. We were very surprised. The food was delicious, and the customer service was excellent! We are surely going back with our friends.Went here to sample as a Yelp elite event. 
Then I realized OMG this wasn't just another middle eastern spot but a solomonov israeli eatery. How did I miss out on this place?
So I've come back again. They need an app like at Goldie so I can build on the rewards from draining my bank by eating all of their stuff... now I'm craving K'Far pastries again 
I haven't tried any of their meat dishes but I loved the eggplant-Sabich, and the cauliflower shawarma and was recommended from all the salads the carrots and chickpeas as was told they are in limited rotation. 
I was browsing my cookbooks Zahav and Israeli Soul and see so much of the menu can be recreated made at home too. 
My Moroccan friend was super happy with this place and it is well worth the $10 for sandwiches and $5 for salads. 
The pitas were stuffed generously with cucumber salad or cabbage and the sauces paired deliciously with the ingredients. 
I didn't miss meat at all. The only thing I wished I had was a Tehina shake from Goldie to go with this 
I will be back when craving more!Michael Solomonov's casual restaurants focus on doing just a few dishes extremely well, and the bright, airy Merkaz specializes in pita sandwiches, hummus platters, and salatim, prepared side dishes sitting in the refrigerated deli case. My pick from the Pita Sandwich menu was the Cauliflower Shawarma, which came with pieces of roasted, shawarma-spiced cauliflower florets, along with diced cucumbers, tomatoes, and roasted veggies (onions, peppers, tomatoes), along with creamy tehina sauce and a pickle on the side. But I was an even bigger fan of the "Smash Kebab" sandwich, which featured a lean ground meat patty, which was perfectly grilled and spiced, and was served with veggies and tehina in a fluffy, chewy pita bread. I also got a side of the super creamy hummus and a salatim made of crunchy pickled cabbage mixed with a creamy, acidic dressing, along with zhoug, red onions, and dill. All the food here was fresh and delicious, showcasing the vibrant flavors of Israeli cuisine!Overhyped and overpriced for what it is. Also waiting almost 40 minutes for a pretty average pita sandwich even when it's crowded is just ridiculous.
But Zahav I guess.Every time I hear about a new Cook/Solomonov venture, I get so so excited because I know it will be excellent and delicious as all their other restaurants. Merkaz definitely lived up to my expectations. The interior is open and bright and the location is right amidst the popular restaurant area of center city, near the 13th street corridor.
The food, omg the food. I got the hummus foul and lamb pita. I already knew the hummus would be excellent, having been to Zahav and DiZengoff, but the foul and egg topping was novel and delicious. I want a truckload of the warm pita served with the hummus. The lamb pita was such a perfect bite of food. The lamb was crisp and so flavorful, paired perfectly with the crisp pickles/veggies and sauce, all tucked into another wonderfully warm and soft pita. 
I will keep dreaming about this meal until the next time I can go. Can't wait to try the other pitas!!Exceptional. 
Had the lamb shawarma. Not at all gamey and the meat had such a nice buttery crisp. The toppings were also not overwhelming and distracting of the taste of the sandwich but rather complimentary. A spot that lived up to the hype. Unfortunately for $15 a sandwich it's not a place to frequent. However definitely a delicate treat for every once in a while.Ever since Merkaz opened up, I've been waiting eagerly to have a chance to go. I finally got around last weekend late in the afternoon, excited and very hungry.
For context - I've had some of the sandwiches on the menu at occasional popups they have at Dizengoff and I've loved those! 
From that previous experience, I wanted to get the Sabich but they had sold out! That was a bummer considering it didn't seem that late in the day! I ended up getting the Lamb Shawarma instead, and this was honestly a mixed bag. The pita held together wonderfully with the ingredients, and the combination of the seasoned lamb (slightly on the saltier side) went well with the fresh chopped up cucumber salad in the sandwich. I also really liked the Tahina - as a whole a good combo of tastes!
But here's what put me off...the lamb was far too chewy! While the quantity of lamb was reasonable, the toughness of the meat was disappointing. Knowing the high standards Solmonov restaurants set, I'll give the sandwich another chance some day - but for the time being, the Sabich is what I'd love to get there for next. I'll update this review with further things I try here!
On a side note - the place has a bright and airy interior, with high ceilings and plants abound. Welcoming decor, and an interesting menu.Oh man. So good.
Yelp brought me here the first time, but the delicious food brought me back. 
I've fed my family with takeout here, so we've tried a lot of the menu. The cauliflower is great. The eggplant is good. The chicken is good. Fresh food with quality ingredients and plenty of flavor. 
Their pita is delicious. And the salatim are my favorite things. The salads are fresh and super-flavorful and are the reason I dream about Merkaz. The cabbage salad and the carrot salad are fantastic.
My husband has enjoyed their house made sodas as well.