I love, love, love how cozy the cafe is and getting a window perch is the best since you can people watch as you eat. The food is lovingly made, fresh, interesting, and the prices are reasonable. A great neighborhood, relaxed feel.I quite possibly have tried everything in the bakery. Every bread is amazing and I love that they freeze nicely because even though I could easily eat a whole loaf in a few days I probably shouldn't. My new favorite is the miche - a rye/whole grain sourdough... Mmm. Also the perfect spot if you've got a hankering for something sweet - I'd recommend a slice of the flourless chocolate cake (you can also order a whole one ahead of time). Don't overlook their refrigerated section - full of delicious and LOCAL yogurts, eggs, cheeses and produce. Service is in general friendly and fast - there have been a couple of times where it was slightly off (maybe some of the reviews that seem to be based solely on service below came from an off day). IMO, this place deserves five stars for its amazing quality and selection and great staff.I come here every morning to get coffee and it's always hot and fresh! Super sweet people at the counter who always get my order perfect !Yesterday was my first visit to Metropolitan Bakery and I couldn't have been happier with my experience.  I ordered an Oatmeal Raisin Cookie and a Raspberry bar.  The cookie was huge, soft and tasted excellent.  I loved the Raspberry bar even more.  The bar had a natural raspberry taste and was soft had delicious.  Metropolitan Bakery will be my go-to bakery when I in Center City.The people are great, the space is clean and nice (albeit small) and the coffee is average but this site is about food so sadly I need to call it like it is on this establishment.  It took me 4 plus years since moving to Philadelphia to find a truly solid bakery.  This used to be close by but I've moved since I wrote this draft.  Perhaps if they left Bakery out of their name, they'd rate very nicely as a cafe...don't go if you're looking for a good old fashioned New York bakery because the family is rolling into town; this isn't it!I had a slice of spongy cream cake thing that I don't remember the exact name of that was absolutely delicious. My wife got a chocolate cookie, which was okay but a little to sweet in my opinion.
We were a bit disappointed to see there wasn't any seating inside. Fortunately, there's Rittenhouse Square just a couple of blocks away where you can sit on the lawn and enjoy your pastry and coffee.Most of the baked goods are terrific.  Their pesto is fantastic too.  They have some strange items like sea salted chocolate chip cookies - um, I'd rather eat a salt water taffy and drink some chocolate milk.  
Anyway, this is a local chain that seems to have closed more stores than it has opened.  This location has some annoying local entitled-type customers that remind me of certain Wegmans locations' clientele.  Some of the staff seem to kowtow to these types, and they often call people out of turn - totally aggravating and humiliating!  Some of the annoying customers passively stand in your way in this cramped bakery.  
A few of the items are only offered on weekends or on Saturday only. 
I would have given it 4 stars but for the priceyness and the annoyance factor.I had my wisdom teeth out this week and have been living on their Green Essence soup for the last 2 days. Vegan and packed with veggies, it is absolutely delicious! Had a great chai latte this morning too. Staff was so friendly. The wait was about 10 minutes, but to be expected during lunch rush.Decent coffee and food. Slow service and no wifi. It's kind of trying to hard to be some romantic "community" cafe, where people have 5 minute conversations while they order their coffee. Which would be fine if I wasn't in line behind them.A good, solid neighborhood bakery. Standard city-type morning fare. The coffee was worth it as were the bagels. Not epic but I would stop here daily if I lived here. Skip Duncan donuts already!Get the chicken tarragon salad - it is the best!
I enjoy coming here. The staff is courteous and careful. The food is consistently well prepared and delicious.I received a very nice and thoughtful message from Metropolitan Bakery regarding my review. They offered me a chance to have a low fat muffin on the house and ensured it would be better next time. I will return. Thanks, MB.This place has really gone downhill on their breads. Over the last 2-3 years they have transitioned from a mild sourdough starter to the horrible, industrial "San Francisco" sourdough in most of their breads.
I was fortunate enough to escape the "San Francisco" sourdough today with the plain French baguette and the French table loaf. I wonder how long it will take for them to become San Franciscoized as well?
The rosemary olive oil loaf used to be so good, now it's like chugging a bottle of vinegar.7.25 for a loaf of sourdough wheat sandwich bread is insane. This appears to be some sort of ridiculous recent price jump. I'm a big fan of french sourdoughs, but they've just priced themselves into the some sort of museum artifact territory. It's a far cry from European bakeries where there's actually competition and whre there are high standards with regards to price and quality. Sadly, Metropolitan bakery proves our bakeries are mere museums of a bygone era.Excellent pastries!  The brownie was so rich and decadent that two of us couldn't finish.  Wonderful fresh breads.  I can't wait to go back to try the creme brulee pastry.
Beware the chocolate cherry bread.  You will not be able to stop.  You will try to put it away for later.  It will call to you.  After several bites, my boyfriend sadly stated, "We can never buy this again."  Otherwise, we soon wouldn't fit through the doorway.  Decadent and delicious.If you're craving an authentic European coffee but can't afford the plane ticket, stop in to Metropolitan.   My drink was brewed and foamed to perfection, it tasted like it was strait from a cafe in Paris. I also had the fritatta, which was fresh and full of yummy vegetables. Best of all, the cost was reasonable and the service was great!I was thrilled when I heard that metropolitan bakery opened a cafe, and it did not disappoint.
This is one of the better cafe's in center city. It's always a pleasant surprise when cafe's go above and beyond mere pastries and serve decent food. Their coconut soup rivals what you can find at the better thai restaurants in philly. And I have no words for the chicken pot pie- just try it. The salads are huge and fresh and satisfying. The sandwiches are great as well- try the one with homemade pesto.
If you are a tea fan, there isn't a huge selection, but they brew it fresh with loose leaves. The hot chocolate comes with (delicious) homemade marshmallows and is very rich and sweet.
It's a nice place to sit at the tables outside on a warm afternoon with an iced tea and people-watch.
The only downsides are the lack of wifi and the ceaselessly humming AC that blows frigid air on your goosebumped arms no matter where you sit inside.Eenie meenie miney mo....
Oatmeal with raisins, pecans and walnuts, or sour cherry chocolate chip?!?
Oh my! Fluffy, sweet, chewy, and ever slightly crunchy at the exterior....
PS huge corner bakery compared to the oft-overlooked kiosk @Terminal Market ( Flying Monkey, Le Bus' , Termini Bros' fault)!I love the bread here! It's a little on the expensive side, but if you order the small baguette, it's less than $2. I've had their sourdough baguette (which I think is their specialty), French baguette, and sourdough loaf (called pain de levain). All are so good! The loaves are $5+, so either stick to baguettes or be prepared for the sticker shock.
Tip: if you go near closing time (7pm), don't expect there to be any baguettes left :(Hands down the best bakery I've ever had.
their amazing sweets are sweetened appropriately, and definitely tastes great!!!
Mint Chocolate cake / Canelé / Almond Polenta cake...
And CHEESE!!!
Freshly made ricotta, with no extra smell, just pure milky taste.
Popular bread dough often goes out few hours before closing. 
The vibe is also great on both sides of the counter. Every employee and customer seem to enjoy this cute place.
Super glad that I live in the neighborhood with only a few minutes away.this is the sit down side of their coffee shop/bakery next door.  order at the counter & help yourself to silverware and a table.  they bring the food to you!  and OH what Delicious food it is!!!
this was the only place in my week visit to Philadelphia I went to TWICE!  the food and atmosphere did not disappoint.  I tried the homemade fruit pastry/tarts both visits.  its the same wonderful flaky crust as the pot pie's!  they are fresh, warm and delicious.  The counter girl the first time didn't know the pot pie's, both chicken and veggie, have mushrooms.  i'm not a fan of mushrooms so I had to pick around them.  it was very good but the lack of menu knowledge was a touch disappointing....
then when I came back, I mentioned the hiccup to the woman working the counter that day and she made up for it in spades!!!  she apologized profusely and comp'ed a pastry and explained the ingredients and the off-site kitchen they utilize for the freshest, best baked goods and treats possible.  I assume she is either the owner or manager, if not----she's the most perfect employee/ambassador a restaurant could hope for!
The glass of the drink cooler was so CLEAN, I foolishly tried to reach out and grab my own!!!  through the glass.  yeah, I did that.  laughed at myself and asked her for the one I wanted.... but that's Clean!  I love Clean!  the whole place has that same feel 
:)
left a big tip and we Will be Back when we return to philly next year!  
Big Recommend!This has quickly become one of my go-to spots for a quick and delicious lunch. I can't get enough of the chicken pot pie, which I usually follow up with a slice of chocolate cake. 
I took my friends here the other day and everyone loved their sandwiches and the granola and yogurt, too. Next trip I'm finally going to stray away from the chicken pot pie and go for the mac and cheese.
It can be a tight fit in here during some points in the day, especially on the weekend. Definitely not a spot for a group if you are hoping to sit near each other.Hands down the best bakery in Center City! This is mostly for the Bakery location. I haven't had any of the sit down items at the Cafe next door. 
TL;DR:
After I discovered this place, I would walk an extra two blocks when I walk my dog almost every other day just so I can grab some bread "on the way". :) If you're in Philly and looking for a good loaf of bread or good pastries, look no further than Metropolitan Bakery!
Bread: 
I am a temporary in Philly, and for a while, I thought I would never find a good baguette in Center City. Then a friend pointed me to this gem. OMG their bread is just wonderful! Pair one of their baguettes with some pate, some salami/proscuitto, or just some high quality butter, and you have a satisfying meal. Take it to Rittenhouse park right around the corner on a nice spring day, and you'll feel positively Parisian! I have also gotten their chocolate cherry loaf bread, and that is also heavenly. I eat that straight out of the bag, and I also made double chocolate bread pudding with the stale bits, and it was soooo good. 
Pastries and others: 
Their twice baked almond croissants are also divine. I have also tried this other pastry that I don't remember the name and it was also good, even the half I had left over and ate the next day! The fig bar was also good - shortbread type pastry on the outside is crumbly and buttery, like a perfect pie crust texture. It's especially good if they warm it a little for you. Cream cheese danish also delicious, and not too sweet. My dog also enjoyed the little dog bone biscuit they sell there. 
Service:
The servers are also always friendly, even when busy, and when I ask them to slice up only half my loaf of bread, they don't give me weird looks or judge me. They also manage to slice it well, unlike the other bakery in town.if you are in a hurry DO NOT GO IN HERE. the time it took to produce two salads was over 30 minutes. I was expecting a quick lunch and ended up getting the salads to go and eating in my car. also i hoped for a slice of fresh bakery bread, should have asked, with the salad too...Came here for a dessert fix.  Cute shop but the sweets were disappointing.  Had the sour cherry chocolate chip cookie and bread pudding.  The cookie was tough and the bread pudding had an odd flavor to it.  Not a favorite.I received some gift certificates at a fundraiser so I've been slowly working my way through their items.  
The cheesecake brownie is delicious.  You can really taste the cheesecake.  I paired it with my afternoon La Colombe coffee.  I love coffee and dessert.
I've also had the berry roll which was a little too tough on the outside, but the inside was soft and filled with berries.
The rosemary olive oil roll is a great addition to dinner.Fresh bread each morning from the neighborhood bakery. Can't beat it.  I love the bread and pastries at Metropolitan bakery. It does close early though so it's not an after-dinner dessert place. A not-so-old philly institution.This place is pretty good.
Was impressed by the taste of food and service.First and Foremost the staff is super courteous and friendly! I also enjoy the atmosphere cool tables to dine in. I love the bake goods and the breakfast foods. I had some really good eggs for breakfast!!!Yum Yum yum. The Metropolitan Bakery is in a great location. My friend introduced me to this place. I walked over on a weekday to have lunch with her. Whenever I eat out, I like to order something that I wouldn't be able to just make at home. The MB menu has many unique tasty options that fill that requirement! 
I love being able to pick up food from here to eat outside at in their outdoor seating. Rittenhouse Square is super close so I expect that next time I go when it is warm I'll perhaps eat there.
I also appreciate the cups and the water they have available for customers.I can't say anything about the food, but I had to leave a warning review. Don't come here wanting take-out between noon and 2 p.m. They will send you next door to the bakery, which doesn't come close to having the same menu items. Since I was in a rush, I went to the bakery. If I'd had more time, I would have skipped this business altogether. Note: it was 1:40, but they were not at all busy.What an awesome little gem! I've been to the Bakery quite a few times but never knew that they also opened the cafe. Popped in for a coffee this morning (Tuesday AM) and the amazing employees were super friendly and allowed me to taste their incredible ricotta and signature bread along with a taste of their scrumptious gazpacho. I work in the food & beverage industry and can appreciate exceptional customer service and like to give credit where credit is due! These guys are really great. Will be retuning very soon.Yes, they're a local chain. Yes, they bake good breads and carry a small assortment of spreads and cheeses. I'm rather indifferent to both points. What really gets me fired up is the sour cherry chocolate chip cookies! There are only so many moments in one's life when they cross paths with a truly flawless cookie. Yesterday was one of those moments.Was in town and finally got to try their pizza after reading about the work that goes into their entirely from scratch locally sourced ingredients pizza. Small cafe holds maybe 30. We had the margherita pizza and it was as close to perfection as you can get. I can only think of one other place, Posto Pizza in Rhinebeck, NY, that rivaled this exceptional pizza. But then again, it's hard to find fault with anything Metropolitan produces. We'll be back!The best breads in Rittenhouse and nicest service!We loved the croissants, the baguettes, the muffins, and the bread sticks.  This location has much more selection vs. university city.  Grab a bunch of pastries and then go sit on a bench in Rittenhouse square to gobble them down.  All of their outside seating is constantly full.Best little cafe in rittenhouse. Absolutely love their lox and bagel, chicken salad sandwich & chocolate cake. Staff are friendly and prompt.Bless Metropolitan Bakery and their nearish-to-my-house location.  Best bread in the city is right.  You know you're in for good stuff when you see the Tuscan loaf in its donut shaped glory, maximizing the crust-to-squishy-innards ratio.  This loaf makes the best garlic bread ever and would probably make a kickass muffaletta.  The other pastries and such are fantastic as well.  If you're a sucker for figs (like me) try the enormous fig-newton style cookie thing.  Easily one of the best pastries I've ever had.So I absolutely love Metropolitan Bakery. They have great coffee (iced and hot) and they have the most delicious array of food, both savory and sweet. I ate the roasted veggie faccacia for lunch today and it was piled high with massive circles of eggplant and roasted onions....so yummy!
This place is the perfect spot for a sweet tooth pick-me-up. My co-worker and I share the decadent chocolate and walnut brownie probably every two weeks or so and although it's not so huge that you couldn't eat it yourself, I think we use sharing as our justification for eating it at 10am (it has been known to happen). 
Be sure to get the Chocolate Cherry Bread when it comes back in the fall and winter. Dark chocolate bread with dark chocolate chunks and dried cherries. UNBELIEVABLE. (Side note: top it with raspberry preserves and Capogiro's sea salt gelato and head to heaven.) Other notable favorites aside from the foccacia, bread and the brownies are the metromar (bakery version of a malomar) and the granola. My personal favorite is the original granola but the pomegranate cinnamon is pretty great too.
Also, they have those new dog parking hooks out front so feel confident in securing your pooch while you go for snacks (including the homemade dog treats they sell)!Metropolitan Bakery has spoiled me. I won't name my favorite loaf of bread or pastry, because I don't want them to sell out! However, I will say that I will never go back to store-bought bread. I can't wait to reach a baker's dozen.The best bread in Philly. If you're looking for sandwich bread they got it. Homemade matzoh, check. The most decadent bread ever... chocolate cherry bread, can only be bought here. Everything is baked fresh including muffins that will make your mouth water, pies, brownies and cakes.
They also sell jams, sauces, cheese, and coffee so you can wake up when you're buying chocolate cherry bread on weekend mornings for french toast. It makes the best french toast ever!Adorable! We got a lemon bar and a fig bar. Both were delectable. I even licked my fingers. The breads and cheeses looked really delicious too although we were too stuffed to try them. I can't wait to come back!Metropolitian Bakery is fantastic! Everything they have rocks! The staff is knowledgeable. Check it out! You'll find classic favorites, and new tastes.Not that impressed, pretty run-of-the-mill bakery, but plenty of selection!This cafe is charming. I sat outside for a later, relaxing breakfast and enjoyed the egg sandwich on a biscuit that was served with two orange wedges, and was the perfect amount of savory and fulfillment. I will be going back again soon to try something sweet on their menu.Great small bakery.  Good selection of bread and pastries.  Tasty muffins and cakes.  The line is always short and the staff is very helpful.I am sad to take off a star because they do not have Wifi. Not that they couldn't get it but the owner Wendy wants people to talk instead of staring at their tech devices. That is admirable but if I came here by myself I would want the option of wifi. :(
That being said I will come back. Coffee is fresh and those beans are roasted to perfection. The food offering is pretty extensive. I chose a parfait with homemade jam (with chunks of fruit), lightly honeyed granola and a local farm's yogurt. The yogurt is creamy and surprisingly a great balance of creamy and thick. I didn't miss my normal Greek morning treat one bit.
I will definitely be back for some lunch/brunch treats!Best biscuit & egg sandwich in the cityThis is my haunt. Food is simply great- the Cannelle's are the best I've ever tasted in my lifetime, I would cross the ends of the earth to have these. The location and setting are lovely and more importantly peaceful and relaxing. For those who would like to get away from the noise and constant passersby that most Rittenhouse cafe's have to deal with, this is the place to be. Above all, I cant state enough the kindness and courtesy of the staff- Drew and the blonde lady ( sorry can't recall her name) are super friendly without the fakeness. This is my spot until I leave Philly.Got a few things here:
Iced coffee - self serve.  I like this bc you can control the amount of ICE in the coffee.  thumbs up!
Fig bar - read the reviews and got it.  delicious!!  
Lemon Chiffon cake - I had a cup of hot coffee w/ me and wanted a good slice of cake to go with it.  disappointed - it was quite dry...i only wanted to eat a few bites.
Croissants - i love croissants.  esp. from paris.  and from pret.  the croissants from this bakery were dry on early sunday morning.  
Granola bran muffin - good but kind of dry.
I haven't tried the bread here yet - that is next.  but as for the items above - A-OK.Great tea and cheap! However there is no wifi available so the barista will ask that u tap into Marathons and the signal is super weak. If you plan to get some work done on wifi, try another cafe this one. Try Karma, Starbucks or Joes.I think I liked everything I ever had here, from the baguettes, to the cannele, the flourless chocolate cake, fig bars, multigrain bread, and chocolate cherry bread mmmm.
I live in NYC now, and I wish there were a place like Metropolitan in my neighborhood here.  (It was only 2 blocks away in Philly... [sniff sniff]).  I miss your brownies, Metropolitan Bakery!There is no better bread in the city, period.  There is also no better pastry in the city.
I have been going to Metropolitan Bakery at least weekly for years.  Their stuff is incredible.  The brioche loaves and light and delicious, the croissants are flaky, the scones are just plain great, and pretty much everything is top of its class.  Stop in early for 1/2 price pastry and bread.  Their day old pastry is better than anyone else's fresh stuffFood was fine but by the time I ate it I was so filled with rage that all I tasted was annoyance and frustration. It took an obscene amount of time to put bread in a bag and pour a cup of coffee. If you hate your time and decide to go anyway, I suggest taking snacks.I came here before visiting another business across the street. I got an almond/cherry cupcake type thing for my breakfast, and it was very good. I also got a brownie for my mom to eat later, which she enjoyed. When you go, make sure to look at both displays on either side of the counter so that you don't miss anything. They have a huge selection of breads which I would like to try. The staff is very friendly and patient if you need a few minutes to check everything out. I'm looking forward to coming back and seeing how all the other treats are.I went in there to grab a quick bite... i waited for about five minutes and there was noone at the register... i had to call out the guy that was cooking and stop him from what he was doing to see if there someone that can place my order... when the register girl came to take my order i had to wait until she got off her phone for her to take my order.... in a professional place of business i dont think that was professional at all... i wouldnt recommend anyone to go there if thats how your place is ran... especially if your just going in for a quick bite...Wish I lived in the area to enjoy this bakery more often! I will definitely go back on my next trip to Philly. I was impressed by the variety of fresh pastries and breads---like the fennel pretzel roll, etc. The service is also excellent. You can tell the bakery cultivates and appreciates a local, local clientele. There is a credit card minimum, but everything is so deciduous that it's worth getting a couple of each to make $10.Awesome new place.The short-rib  sandwich is one of the best paninis I've ever had. I also went for breakfast and had a salmon/cucumber bagel, which I was 
slightly disappointed with - I expected more for the price.  But that is the exception to the rule, as most things are priced cheaply for the level of quality, and for the rittenhouse area. 
My only complaint is that the cafe oddly straddles a restaurant and a cafe. You order at a cash register and get your own utensils and water, yet they say that you must eat in. It's not a big deal, but it's still odd.I am still in love with this place. The food and the staff are excellent, however can you please consider limiting the people who plop down here with computers, buy nothing, and monopolize the space?!? I find it very rude to paying customers. Why go to the  library?You can't go wrong with an almond (or chocolate) croissant and and Old Philadelphia coffee from Metropolitan in the morning. Their selection of breads is outstanding (I really like the olive loaf) and they're very friendly. Nice setting that looks like a European bakery. 
Have your coffee and croissant on the bench outside the shop or walk 2 minutes into Rittenhouse Square. Nice.Cafe located near the Rittenhouse park with a lovely selection of bakery items. Little pricey but totally worth it. Love the almond croissant, ask for the strawberry rhubarb jam, goes very well with the croissant.I love to stop in here on my way home from work after working overnight and grabbing a pastry to enjoy all to myself. It's like taking home a sweet, little gem that is all yours. I know this is probably not the most common review of this place, but though I'd share my personal love for their pastries, enjoyed at 9am, with a glass of wine, before I go to bed.
Yes, the pastries are wonderful-raspberry crumb cake, lemon tart, "breakfast bar", bread pudding, pound cake-all delicious. Their occasional special pastries, cookies, and cakes that I've tried are all great. I've actually never gotten my bread from here but from the looks of it, it is damn excellent. Next time I host a dinner party in my tiny apartment (ie I cook for myself and my boyfriend) I'll pick up some fresh bread from here to accompany the meal.
Also love stopping in for the coffee here, goes well with that perfect breakfast pastry I was mentioning before. One of my favorite summer mornings this past summer was with a coffee and almond croissant from this spot, enjoyed in the park with my man. Ahh sweet summer memories.
Downsides-it's pretty expensive, and it's where all of Rittenhouse likes to come on a weekend morning-so expect to be in  line, though it never seems to take too long to get what I need. The upside to that is that the service is very personal and you never feel like you're just another one of the hoards.I woke up bright and early on Monday morning to try a loaf of the well rated Metropolitan Bakery's Sourdough Loaf. At $5.00, my high expectations were further bolstered. But the moment I held the loaf in my hands, I knew I wouldn't like it. 
It felt doughy to the touch. There was no crunch to the crust. Just tearing off a piece was a struggle because the bread was so tough! 
I would merely give the bakery 2 stars, if I hadn't also tried the focaccia bread with further disastrous results. It tasted like a roll, and it neglected to taste of even a HINT of olive oil. It was not chewy. In fact, I had 2 bites and had to throw it away. 
In fact, everything I bought at Metropolitan bakery that day ended up in the garbage.Great little bakery around Rittenhouse Square that has some of the best cookies and breads around.  The raisin nut bread is my favorite bread and is full of raisins with the perfect amount of sweetness.  The bread is nice and chewy on the inside and has a good crunch on the outside as you bite into the sliced pieces of bliss.  The prices are the only thing holding me back - but you get what you pay for and the quality is top notch!
Enjoy!Having come here twice recently, I've had surprisingly different experiences on each occasion. The first time, I stopped at the smaller place for a lemon bar and coffee, which honestly was quite wonderful. Really great recipe and portion size for the bar and not too pricey. I went over next door for lunch with my family, and I was really disappointed with the service. 4 major items had already run out  (this was not even 2 PM yet) and the people behind the counter still managed to forget items I had ordered when it wasn't even full. If Metropolitan is trying to cater to a brunch/lunch crowd, I really think being fully stocked on the meat dishes and heartier items on the menu should be a priority.Breads are all good and in a league with Whole Foods. Friendly staff. Cookies all overcooked. Chocolate cake is good +!The chocolate cherry bread keeps me coming back.  The texture and flavor are perfect, and they do not scrimp on either component.  I get the rolls- given their size, not cheap at $1.45 each, but worth it.  I think these may only be available on Saturdays?  I usually stop here after poking around the Rittenhouse Farmers' Market on Saturday mornings.
The baguettes, lemon bars and millet muffins are also top-notch.  The fig bar is the love child between rugelach and shortbread cookie.  Awesome.  There's also a day-old discounted section to the right. 
The line a on weekend morning can turn into a tangled mess, which is the only drawback.Such a cute cafe - I love the decor and the ambiance, it's so gosh-darn modern cottage chic I can't even stand it. My coffee was delicious, too - I'll definitely be back for more treats and to check out that awesome bakery next door!Delicious French baguettes, danishes, croissants and other baked goods (they even have fruit pop tarts!)
The prepared salads, soups and dips in the refrigerated case are incredible.
Good coffee too.
Insider tip - check out the "day old" basked in front of the right side of the counter for half - price items. Sometimes about-to-expire prepared meals in the refrigerated case are half-off as well. This stuff is always completely edible!Delicious breads, bagels, and sandwiches! Also, fig bars, treat yo' self! The staff always say hello when you pop in and give you a minute to get your bearings. The pain au levain is perfect and the best bread I've ever eaten.Metropolitan is by far the best bakery around.  Their chocolate cherry bread (only on certain days) is divine!  The less sinful breads and baked goods are always delicious as well.Flourless chocolate cake is to die for. It is so chocolatey but not heavy, not overbearingly sweet, it's moist, it's edges are crisp with a smooth almost mousse-like center. It's mouthwatering, and less than $4 a slice!
The bread assortment is also great. Freshly baked, a shell that cracks went bent, soft inside. Everything you need! My favorite is sourdough. 
There are multiple locations but I really rave about this one. Quaint, well priced, and tasty.With out exception, Metropolitan is the #1 artisan bakery in the tri-state area and one of the best in the USA. They're very skilled in everything they make. Newest favorite is the Italian Baguette w/ the real deal, quality sesame seeds - it's so good to make hoagies on. The choc chip cookies (2 different kinds) are simply the best. So are the Canele's - get one even if you don't think you'll like it. And for a long time now they have homemade soups, salads, etc. that are killer too. And the service is exceptional, pleasant and always with a smile.came here on a Saturday lunch hour and it wasn't too crowded. we got seats right away and the waitress was very understanding that I had to hold the table for my friends. you order at the counter and they give you a poker card. 
I got the biscuit and egg sandwich and a fresh squeezed orange juice. it was a bit small on the portion, but it was very refreshing. the biscuit was not overly oily. I also tried the almond croissant and it was so  good! the waiter told my friend that whatever he ordered was no longer available after he had paid and said he could get anything else on the menu without extra charge. and while he waited for the 'new order' which he got the chicken pot pie, the waiter offered him a cookie. unfortunately, my friend politely declined! I was shocked, bc I would've said yes in a heartbeat. anyways, the chicken pot pie was delicious. 
the space is not very big, so I wouldn't recommend for a big party. they have counter seats along the window and wall and they're great for people who want to sip on coffee/tea while doing work. otherwise, there are 3-4 small tables inside, 3-4 tables outside.Best breads and gingerbread cake. Very unpretentious bakery that deserves every bit of pretension.Slow service, overpriced for not exceptionally good food. Like other reviewers, I agree that the baked goods are the main attraction here (I love the lemon bar), but I don't think they can justify overpricing everything else.I like Metropolitan Cafe and have really enjoyed some of their delicious albeit somewhat pricey vegetarian sandwiches, however I find a few things confusing about the place:
1. There are all these strange "rules" every time I go: several times I've been sent to the bakery from the cafe or cafe from bakery when ordering a pastry and to this day I have no clue where to get what. There hasn't seemed to be any rhyme or reason to it. 
2. During the week (or is it everyday?) you cannot do take out during certain times of day. 
3. I've been chastised for not having small bills or exact, I've been chastised for using card. 
4. Coffee and specialty coffee drinks are to be ordered from opposite sides of Metropolitan (Cafe for one, Bakery for the other)
...I continue to go because it's convenient however it makes visiting Metropolitan more stressful than it ought to be to pick up a pastry or sandwich.I've never really been drawn to Metropolitan's Bread but I'm in love with their assortment of other baked good and breakfast goodies. When I lived in Philly I loved their millet muffin and on my most recent visit I strayed and went with the energy muffin. It's sweetened with honey instead of brown sugar and adds in a couple more energy-riffic ingredients. Like everything else Metropolitan puts out in the morning it was awesome.Breads, pastries and coffee.  Not cheap - but you get what you pay for.  It's GOOD stuff. Small place, gets crowded during the AM coffee rush.Nothing special, except for the Drinks Special.
The sandwiches were meh: typical and meh presentation.
I'm shocked at how well this place is rated!Went back here again..and got the multigrain bagel with cream cheese!  That's pretty much the only thing I can afford here.  Some people say not to even try the overpriced sandwiches so I haven't.  Also got the iced coffee which was actually stronger than I had expected.  There were so many pastries I wanted to try, but they just seem kind of expensive...I would be willing to splurge one of these days to try them though.  So many cakes of different varieties too...Mmm.  Will be back soon hopefully!I love coming here. The place is really cozy and has a welcoming staff. Although a smaller sitting area.. I've never had trouble finding a spot to seat and enjoy their tasty food. They have a good organic coffee selection and I really enjoy their oatmeal. Sounds boring but it's really tasty. I like the atmosphere and there is plenty of reading material around the place like various newspapers, disposable media, etc.  it can easily get really crowded but I usually get there early enough where it hasn't been an issue for me.LOVE this bakery. 
If I ever open up a bakery myself down the line, this is how I envision it to mirror. :)This place was right by my hotel so I got to stop by and get coffee or a snack a few times and was never disappointed!
The cashier was always very nice and attentive and answered any questions I had. I got a caramel machiado twice and it was perfect both times! I also got a chicken sandwhich and it was delicious.
I recommend this place for a quick bite or coffee and the pastries all looked amazing too!I think I've found my new hangout (near work). This place--- oh where do I start? They are so accommodating of different dietary needs, with many vegetarian, vegan, and gluten-free offerings (including a refrigerated case of vegan and gluten free things to take home). 
I love small, local bakery cafés. After all, what's not to like? Freshly baked breads, bagels, and pastries, a variety of coffee and tea beverages (hot and iced), and a relaxed atmosphere. These kinds of places combine many of my favorite things.
I ordered a dark chocolate brownie and a hot chai latte to-go. The brownie was good- moist and flavorful. This latte--- I could write poems about. Full of rich cinnamon and nutmeg flavor, it was perfect- not too sweet (which is usually the case at the chains).
My coworker got lentil soup, which was full of veggies and and rich and hearty (also happens to be vegan and come with a roll). Another friend got a pastry and biscotti, which were both very good. 
The staff was friendly and helpful. There were quite a few people there since it was lunch time, but the wait wasn't too bad- only a few minutes. All food and drinks are made-to-order and either wrapped to go or delivered to your table. 
Given today's experience, I will definitely be back and update my review with additional items I have tried.Nice Atmosphere. Cute decor, love the bathroom.
Pastries are my weekness. I mean, I LOVE PASTRIES! They have some really good, buttery ones (is this why I can't seem to lose weight? lol)
Coffee is really good but they always seem to run out and never have a backup ready to go. 
Service leaves something to be desired. It's just a counter coffee shop but I have encountered long waits while employees just stand around talking to each other and then expect a tip-sorry-not gonna happen when you take 10 mins to put my delicious buttery pastry on a plate.I have tried calling this place over 20 times in the last hour after I was placed on hold for 10 minutes and cannot get through.  this on top of their long lines and inefficient services is a huge deterrent from going to this establishment.  Also, can't forget, one of the cashiers had the WORST attitude, a rude and stank attitude from someone serving you food automatically sours the taste, no matter how "delicious." 
While, yes the sandwiches are decent, I can make my own decent sandwich or find another restaurant that does.  You're better off going to Saxbys or Greenline up the block, atleast their service is exponentially better AND they also have "decent" sandwiches.  And they don't have wifi....seriously.Quick and friendly service this morning at my first visit to Metropolitan Bakery! I ordered a seeded bagel with cream cheese to-go, and a medium iced coffee. But when I saw the size of the iced coffee for that price, I decided to pass. I'm sure it's a fine cup of coffee, but you get a better value at Dunkin around the corner!
The bagel was very good, and big! But the meager portion of cream cheese (albeit, fluffy and delicious) made me sad. A bagel like that deserves to be smothered in cream cheese!!! 
Glad I gave it a try, but for the prices I'm not sure I'll be back.I find that their baguettes and rolls are drier and stiffer than those offered at different bakeries.Really nice vibe in here and the food is very tasty, just what you need for the corner cafe.Good food, terrible service. 
They make delicious pastries and very good sandwiches (as well as good bread). Unfortunately their service is unacceptable. It's taken 40 minutes from arrival to getting a sandwich. It's one thing to have a backlog in making the sandwiches, another to take FIFTEEN MINUTES to take 10 people's orders. Just unacceptable, and the utter lack of urgency makes it all the more upsetting. 
Another instance, to stop in quickly on the way to work in the morning, I simply wanted to pick up a pastry and get a coffee. After waiting in line 15 minutes (ridiculous for morning rush wait), I got to the front of the line to only be informed for the first time that they only take cards over $10. When asked if there is an atm, I was informed "I dunno," probably nearby? Needless to say, I did not eat breakfast that day. At least have a sign (which, is up now) or an atm in the cafe. 
Don't come here, get their pastries at one of the many many cafes in Philly that stock them.I'm a fan for the excellent coffee, fantastic desserts & bread, and to a lessor extent the good food.  Great place for breakfast or a snack -or take-out pastries/dessert for visiting friends.
I saw that some people complained about the service, but i think the service is OK, They have always been nice, quick, etc.  -it's not like I'm at a restaurant so there's very little to make the service stick out.  I think they like seeing an adult since there are a lot of students here (sorry kids!).Haven't found many places in UCity like Metropolitan with good atmos, coffee, baked goods, and breakfast options. Solid delivery on all points. Millet muffin better than it sounds.I live on the same block as this place so I come here quite often.
The good:
- the coffee. i LOVE LOVE LOVE the coffee here. I have never had a bad cup of coffee here, which is rare for coffee shops since it's easy to catch them at times when they haven't refilled their coffee in a while. Never had that problem with this place. Plus, you get a 25 cent discount if you bring your own mug! I also use their frequent buyer card where you get a free cup after 10 stamps.
- the breakfast sandwiches. I got an egg/cheese wrap and it was great! Nothing crazy special or too out of the ordinary but it was good.
- the vegetarian chicken salad: they had this on sample once and I'm so glad I tried it. It got me hooked! I normally never would have ordered it but thanks to the free sample, I tried it and will definitely look for it on the menu next time I go. 
The bad:
- the service. If you are trying to come here in the morning for a quick cup of coffee on your way to work or class, come here early and leave a lot of time to get to work/class. They are really slow and don't seem to realize some people come here just for the good coffee and want to get in and out as fast as possible.
- the salads. They're over-priced and really bad. This is one of the only places I have ever been to where the salad was bad. I got it with the seasoned tofu pieces, which were awful. I had one and threw out the rest. I also don't really care for the dressings here. If you're in the area, you might as well go to Sweet Green.I came here for a quick breakfast meeting and it was a great spot. A nice location with a calm atmosphere inside. Honestly this would be a great place to stop by, grab some baked goods, and do some studying. If you're looking for a hearty breakfast, you won't find that here, as it is a lighter meal and the baked goods are incredible!Metro is slightly expensive, but it also one of the only options for tasty, somewhat healthy, breakfast and lunch foods on Penn's campus. 
Their food highlights are their breakfast sandwiches, salads and soups. Their soups are especially good, with a homemade taste that can be really hard to find on campus. They also have unique pickles that come with all of the lunch sandwiches.
One thing to watch out for: the pricing for add-ons of their salads make it such that your salad can get up to $15-20 somewhat easily if you add a lot of toppings, but definitely worth it for the qualityEugh. The fly loitering around my table was more hospitable towards me than the employees. And the coffee tasted like licking the ashes in a fireplace; I had to put five pumps of simple syrup in it to make it palatable. And they also have a $10 minimum on credit/debit purchases, which I've since reported to both Mastercard and Visa. Won't be returning.Pastries are legit but not as good of a selection as their location @ Rittenhouse Square.  Don't buy the drip coffee.  It's cold, old, and shouldn't be sold.If you're looking for a really yummy toasted plain bagel, this place makes 'em. Mine was perfectly toasted, and sort of a sour-dough bread that just melted in my mouth.
They have a nice selection of coffee from a couple of different Pennsylvania roasters, and switch up one of the blends each day. My favorite so far was a Mexican roast from Fonseca coffee, a local fair trade roaster.
They also have a freezer full of Little Baby's ice cream pints and sandwiches!I live right near this bakery, but have only passed by every day and only came here for the second time ever the other day before my first class. Searching for a convenient place to grab a cup of tea and lunch and sit down with my readings for the day, I decided to finally stop by. 
I do enjoy the mission of the store, with the local art and jewelry being displayed for sale on the walls, and it seems like all of its choices are more natural (with a lot of vegan and creative options). However, the take out is extremely slow (the first time I came here I ordered a lox sandwich to go, for which I waited half an hour....and it was super salty with too much cream cheese to boot), and so is the service if you sit down (although I suppose it doesn't matter too much if you're with friends or have a book). 
The chairs and tables are not very comfortable for a coffeeshop/bakery, and the cashiers seemed to look down on me since I wasn't sure what to order. The food was not only expensive, but ....kinda terrible-tasting...maybe I've just ordered wrong things?? I got a red pepper panini (what a safe option!)...and it came with weird artichoke hearts and some type of cream cheese that did not complement the sogginess of the other flavors at all!! The bread was pretty good, but ruined by the wetness of the vegetables. I also ordered an iced tea, which probably had 2 sips of drink out of the entire cup of ice. 
The sauces they sell in the fridges on the side are pretty good though (although $10 for a tiny pesto sauce is pretty expensive)...but otherwise I'm not sure spending $10+ on a tiny soggy sandwich is worth it.The basic breakfast sandwich was a massive let-down: the wheat bread was very thin and too sour for my taste, eggs were tasteless and rubbery and looked to be made from powder. The only reason for a 3-star review instead of 2 is that the bagel with whitefish and butter proved to be a reliably tasty option. Note also that this place is busy even at late breakfast time (around 9:30 am) on weekdays.I feel like this is more of a 3.5 for me in all honesty, but Metro is...pretty good? They offer a pretty good breakfast/lunch option in the University City area. The bread and their baked goods are very good, in my opinion. I will sometimes get their grilled cheese sandwiches for lunch.
However, I feel that it is grossly overpriced. No one wants to pay more than $7 for a grilled cheese sandwich!removing one star because THEY DON'T HAVE WIFI!!! 
fast forward to 21st century please.
edit 6/5/2012-- 
my workplace always caters baked goods from this bakery so I get to try different muffins, pastries and cakes, and well... can't deny the fact that they have some bomb pastries and breads.Ok, so really it's like a 3.5 with some extra love thrown in for the flakiness of the croissant I just bought from them yesterday. I also once had an amazing slice of flourless chocolate cake there that was pretty ridiculous(ly amazing). This place is definitely pricey, both for coffee and baked goods, the space is cramped, and service takes a while. However, I liked the mix of pastries they had out, and my mocha was decent, even if wasn't really worth what I paid for it. I found the people working the register and serving to be perfectly nice and civil, but maybe I just got lucky. Given how hard it is to find a good pastry, I think this place is worth it, but some of the complaints are well-founded (annoying undergrads, etc.).Saturday, 9 am- surprisingly short line. Owner was helpful in choosing a loaf: we bought cracked wheat, pre-sliced, still slightly warm in the middle. We ordered an iced chai latte with milk, seeded bagel (about $1.50) with butter (.35) and whitefish ($2 for 2 oz.), and a sliced, warmed french berry roll ($1.50). Their bagel options are plain, seeded (similar to an everything bagel), and whole wheat. The iced chai was pretty standard for a coffee shop. The bread is clearly freshly baked: chewy and firm in body, with pockets of CO2 from the yeast fermentation process, and a crust with satisfying crackle. Whitefish was very good for being outside of Baltimore. I'd go again for the warm and friendly atmosphere and freshly baked bread.Solid space for rustic baked goods and sandwiches. My favorite menu item is their Lumberjack sandwich, though I find that their eggs taste very dry. I also come here a lot to study - the only downside is that they have no Wi-Fi.Unacceptable waiting times. Poor counter logistics. Good bread but e everything else works against the customer convenience. Hire more people, please.I come at least once a week. Best panini in town and delicious salads! I recommend bacon chicken panini or Cali cowboy with turkey :) also great coffeeNot bad sandwiches and baked goods, but they tasted pretty much the same as any other places. Millet muffin is delicious thoughI've been here several times because they are just a block away from my office. Every time, it takes more than ten minutes for them to make an egg and cheese sandwich. And - each time, my overpriced sandwich is either overdone (grilled like a flank steak with grill marks) or underdone (cheese is not melted and bread is barely toasted). Then there are the eggs. I'm not sure how it's possible but the chef takes what are supposedly freshly cracked eggs and transforms them into an egg cake, that becomes coarse and chewy, with the eggs getting almost a grey tinge to them. How does someone mess up scrambled eggs? Crack, stir, season! 
In addition, the espresso drinks (in my case an Americano) and their hot chocolate are simply mediocre. They do however, have a decent tea selection. I've only had one of their pastries - lemon pound cake. It was dry and heavy, and ultimately not something I would eat again. I've also had one of their sandwiches (mozz, pesto, etc.) - ingredients are fine but execution is lacking. 
The service is, in a word, slow. The people behind the counter are friendly enough and so is the person who preps the hot food. However, no one there has a sense of urgency(read: SLOW) which in my mind translates to a lack of care/interest in the customer. 
Despite these issues, I kept going back for the entire semester but after my last overdone egg cake sandwich, I threw in the towel. I decided I can walk to the food trucks for a delicious egg banh mi, that is fresh and half the price, and always served with a smile.This place is amazing - if you know what to get. This is my favorite bakery in university city, but that being said, it's a bakery. Their sandwiches and salads are mediocre and their sweets tend to be a hit or miss, but they have by far the best bread on campus. Perfect sourdough base bagels and to die for sour cream based muffins. They make their own cream cheese and their iced coffee is perfect. Another favorite: flourless chocolate cake
Their croissants are great USUALLY but you tend to gamble a bit on how oily they're going to be that day. 
No wifi and cash only so that can be a bit of an inconvenience, but still one f my favorite places to disconnect and get some work done. Also a perfect spot for casual weekend breakfast.Waited 14 mins this morning for a simple egg and cheese bagel. It's  was before 8am and it's a weekday, seriously! I can cook a steak at home in less time it's an egg sandwhich! Overpriced, no apology for the wait, instead I got a dirty glare. I believe the owner or manager came up a few times and I'm more disappointed about the lack of acknowledgement. Also only one customer in front of me. No apparent service issues. Food was mediocre. I'm very disappointed at the wait time and lack of customer service and management. I am a restaurants manager myself, for over 12 years so I don't take this review lightly, fully understanding the dynamics of running a restaurant and service establishment.This is my neighborhood bakery and feel-good comfort bfast stop. I have gotten about a loaf a week since I've moved here. I love the French table, sourdough, and brioche. I've gotten a couple loaves of the spelt as gifts for my dad. I've brought their scones in for work bfast. I've stayed a whole w coffee and a egg biscuit w bacon jam when I've had time. I'll agree that it's a little hustle bustle and that some of their workers are a little over it (almost gave a 4 for this), but some are very friendly and have started to recognize me as a frequent flier. Either way, fantastic and consistent bread. I've also enjoyed their cheeses, some but not all soups, and their yummy granola.It's sad that only negative experiences inspire yelp reviews. Today's experience at Metropolitan Bakery on 40th and Walnut really irked me. I've been in and out of this place a few times over the past year. Coffee's OK, it's self serve and gets cold because they let it sit out for hours without checking on it. The staff is generally young and changes frequently. Overall, overpriced and average quality. 
I get it. I work in restaurants. Finding a restaurant in Philly that doesn't price gouge in some way is few and far between, and Penn Campus is definitely not the place to expect reasonable prices. Regardless, when I took my girlfriend in today for breakfast we were greeted with... well nothing. The older gentleman behind the counter neither greeted us nor smiled, but instead said, "I'll be with you in a minute," and turned to say something to a coworker. Cool, we're off to a great start.
My girlfriend wasn't too well versed in the menu and just asked for an egg and cheese on toast. "Well, what KIND of cheese," the man responds with, and slaps a menu in front of her. 
"Everything here is a la carte," which, for those in the cheap seats, is bulls**t speak for you're about to pay $5.00 for two eggs on toast, and then $1.50 to add cheese. I can see that this is about to go downhill quick, but having experience in restaurants as I've said, I know there are ways to save the situation. Also, smiling helps customer relations hint hint wink wink. 
Anyway, my girlfriend turns to me and expresses her displeasure at being charged over $6 for just eggs and cheese on toast. And what does this guy say. I'll give you some hints. 
It wasn't "Well, we don't outsource our bread or ingredients. It may be a little extra, but it's local and delicious I promise."
It wasn't "Well, I can see you're a first time customer. I'll make you  a deal. If you aren't satisfied I'll offer you a free cup of coffee next time you come in."
It was, "Well, YOU don't have to buy it!"
She looks at me. He continues, "and frankly, it's insulting." 
Thank god he didn't bring up their $10 credit card minimum when she paid with her card. 
Oh yea, there's a $10 credit card minimum. 
And then she paid and sat. He didn't thank her for her business, and he sure as hell didn't smile once. See, when I'm getting reamed out I at least enjoy a smile. The only desire we had after that was to leave as soon as possible, and the old man sitting, fuming, and staring at my girlfriend the whole time didn't help anything either. 
Anyway, to make a long story short, ya lost two customers, dude. I'm tired of the bougie, west coast, $10-for-avocado-on-toast BS eeking it's way into Philly. I'll stick to the real local diners where I can eat myself silly for less than ten, have a laugh with the staff, and enjoy the no credit minimums.Sipping a chai here with my dad on a lazy Monday morning in Philly.  The chai was terrific; my dad had two cups of their fine coffee.  I grabbed some granola to go (my wife loves their granola), and I contemplated the street and the scene.  
A very great cup of chai.Decent place to get a quick caffeine fix or a bite to eat.
The canelle and expresso I got were good, though I got an americano first instead of the ordered expresso.This place is a gem. Excellent selection of fair trade coffee. The bread is otherworldly and the woman who runs this place creates a wonderful atmosphere. The staff here is always friendly and warm and the walls here are painted a warm yellow-orange. Please get earth balance butter!SERVICE IS TERRIBLE!!!
The food is great. However, do you really feel like being treated like a leeper on a desert island population you and the bitchy old lady who serves you coffee?? (Trust me, if you've ever had to deal with her you'll know exactly who I'm talking about. Even your mom when she was really, really, mad at you never got this scary!)
Give your hard earned dollars to Milk and Honey Market or The Green Line Cafe - they have even BETTER food - plus they have souls.I'm officially hooked on the coffee Metropolitan serves.  The Fair-Trade Mexican Chiapas is so nice.  $1.90 for 16 oz. is a great deal, plus they have a coffee club card, so if you factor in the free cup is closer to $1.80.  People aren't terribly friendly, but at 8:30, who cares.  This is actually a positive for me, as I never feel like being super-chatty before morning coffee.The Lumberjack breakfast sandwich is outstanding, as is the coffee and sweets. What needs a little work is their spotty service. The owner (or manager) was completely delightful and patient as I took up his time wavering between several choices, but the same does not go for the other servers. The girls behind the counter seemed apathetic and frustrated towards their jobs. 
Otherwise, I will undoubtedly go back for their delicious fare.I love everything about metro except the (presumed) owner. The staff are cool and fun the food is great but the owner is so rude! She acts as if you are requesting a major organ when you make an order, bites your head off if you inquire about slow service, and will ignore you to yell at her staff. 
She just seems to hate her job and her customers and completely brings down the vibe of an otherwise really special placeabsolutely disgusting!!!!
-no wifi
-10 dollar credit card minimum
-egg sandwich SUCKED (and was microwaved)
-all the cakes are stale
-the chai latte is a really gross powder mixIf you are in the University City area in the morning, you can't go wrong with Metropolitan for breakfast. 
All of the breakfast sandwiches are delicious. I especially like the South Philly Slammer sandwich. Most of the sandwiches are around $7. Metropolitan also has other breakfast items like oatmeal, pastries, etc. 
The main problem with Metropolitan is that the service is INCREDIBLY slow. The line to order moves slowly, and it takes them forever to prepare the food considering that the food is pretty simple. Also, the restaurant is pretty small. If you go on a weekend morning, it may be hard to find a table because the place is brimming with Penn students.3.5 star breakfast.
Solid bagel sandwich (3.5 stars), nice lemon poppyseed muffin (3.5 stars, slightly dry), and a fine-but-not-amazing fig bar (3 stars).  The macchiato was decent (3.5 stars) but the espresso wasn't quite as good as Capogiro one minute down the road.
I'd give the baked goods at Metropolitan another try, but would probably get my espresso fix at Capogiro first.Eh, not impressed. Expensive bakery goods and a place for a couple students to sit. I'd rather go to the Freshgrocer right next door and get the chicken meal deal.
Probably best for their red velvet cupcakes when they offer them... otherwise the baguettes were too hard and I didn't like the cake.Not sure why, but I never feel quite comfortable in this place.  Maybe it's a feng shui thing.  Vibes aside, in my opinion, quality is not commensurate with price.  Canneles (or however you spell them) were too chewy, lacked that custardy goodness.  Bread offering is nothing to write home about, although I would rate the raisin bread at slightly above average.  Coffee is pretty good, but got a luke-warm cup on one occasion.  Prices really kill it.  Have slowly phased this place out of my weekly dining repertoire.I've been to both the University City and Reading Terminal Market locations. Also, since Metropolitan bakes bread for many of the city's hottest restaurants, I have had ample occasions to eat their home baked goodies. 
First, I love the atmosphere: a softly lit, homey place which kind of reminds me of what I think Sherlock Holmes house would have looked like (don't ask me why). It is a great place to sit and read while eating a delicious bowl of soup with a slice of their soft and chewy bread on the side. 
Their pastries are equally as delightful and their brownies are out of this world. They are perfectly chocolaty and not too soggy. Yum.I'm not sure what the hype is all about. I would've given them 3 stars, except they didn't give correct change. Sure it was only one cent and maybe you felt too lazy to give me my extra coin, but wtf, that's MY penny. You didn't earn that penny. I didn't give you permission to not give me my change. 
The servers definitely don't care about you. The just do their job. Not particularly friendly or excited.
The iced chai was watery tasting. At $3.40 you better taste better or give me more than Starbucks. Metro did neither.  So i'll stick with beloved Starbucks. 
The baked goods look delicious, but at $2+ each, they're pretty pricey for mediocre to small sizes. My biscotti was too hard and stale. I prefer crunch on the outside, slight chew on the inside. For $1.75 I felt ripped off. 
Also, while they're going for the cute "open bakery" look, cover your stuff please. There were flies ALL OVER. 
The breakfast burrito, at $7, was pretty tasty. But nothing to rave about. And it took about 15 min to make. Really? Seriously? 
I love studying in cafes but this cafe was too small. Obnoxious undergrads were annoyingly discussing the philosophy of linguistics and God for an hour, talking about how clever they were to reuse books from one class for another.Oh Metropolitan Bakery, how I miss you. I no longer live in Philadelphia, but when I did, I would often pay a visit for your delicious food and coffee. I'll start with the coffee. Many cafés only offer a single brew, but Metropolitan offers several - it isn't uncommon to see three or four varieties available on the counter, usually organic or otherwise unique in bold, robust flavor. Now, of course a simple coffee doesn't encompass the entire range of caffeinated beverages that this place serves. For lattes and other flavored drinks, there are interesting syrups to choose from that you wouldn't typically find, such as amaretto. A personal favorite of mine is the hazelnut latte with soy milk (hazelnut isn't a rare selection, but oh well). I've tried several of Metropolitan's caffeinated concoctions, and it's safe to say that all of them have won me over in terms of their richness and flavor.
The food...no wait, the bread...is easily one of the best you'll find in terms of freshness, flavor (again), texture, you name it. Frequently, I'd stop in just to grab a multigrain bagel, a sorely missed luxury that I find myself craving all the time. Whether or not you opt for toppings, that bagel beats the quality of other bagels in the area by far. You'll also see loaves and loaves of bread and pastries lining the counter and back wall when you walk up to order, all freshly baked and much of the time, too beautiful to even eat.
Where Metropolitan loses points is its pricing. This tiny bakery is expensive! The quality is definitely there, but some items just don't warrant such a large price tag, especially when the size doesn't match up. Needless to say, however, this will be one of my first stops when I return to Philly, for everything is just too delicious to pass up!I often visit the Rittenhouse location of Metropolitan Bakery and was very excited to try the larger West Philly location. Metropolitan has tasty baked goods, including cookies, cakes, and breads, and is the perfect place to stop in the morning for local fresh coffee and a power muffin (my favorite) or a yogurt parfait with homemade granola (my other favorite). The West Philly location offers a large menu and seating (vs the tiny Rittenhouse spot), including sandwiches, salads, and soups. I had the grilled portabella panini with a side salad and it was the perfect lunch. I love the fresh focaccia bread and the quiet, sunny atmosphere. 
A lot of Yelpers note that this bakery is "overpriced". I do think this is an artisan gourmet bakery with lots of local and organic ingredients and the prices reflect that. But I was able to get a very large sandwich, side salad, and an apple for $11 and I was stuffed, so I think that's a pretty good deal. Metropolitan is a great spot for a quick lunch that adds up to about $10.
Note that Metropolitan is cash only if spending less than $10. If you're trying to up your bill, try adding on a bag of their famous (and delicious) granola, or a fig bar, Metro's homemade and more perfect version of a fig newton. Other favorites include their cookies or apricot log. Another good deal? Their day old goodies are half price and fully tasty.a chain restaurant that has a 10 dollar minimum for credit cards? fuck that shit!
AND NO WIFI!!!!!!!You know, I was all set to love this place, based on the reviews here.  And it was conveniently located to where I was staying while in Philly, so I thought it would be the answer to my bakery cafe prayers.  But at the end of the day, while it's convenient, the baked goods just aren't special.  In fact, my entire family agreed that the sweets were bland and dry, and the breads were just okay...this was from a sampling of cakes including pear, almond polenta, chocolate angel food, and chocolate bundt.
I also tried a bagel sandwich one morning, and the egg couldn't have been more over-cooked if they'd tried!!  It was rubbery and mealy to eat.  The only bagel they had left was a multigrain, which had a weird tart flavor to it, no doubt from one of the many seeds baked into it.
And my husband thought he was bringing me a sweet surprise by getting me a chocolate brownie...but it was dry, bland, and too sweet without much chocolate flavor.  What a let-down!
A few highlights:  My lattes have been sufficiently tasty, and I liked their rosemary olive oil roll, which I served myself with a little butter at home.
The front entrance and main interior space is WHEELCHAIR ACCESSIBLE, although there's a lot of furniture, and it might be hard to get into all the corners.  The employees are friendly and helpful, and the store feels clean.
I wish I liked the baked goods here more, because I really WANTED to...but from the four cakes, three types of bread, and brownie I've tried from Metropolitan Bakery, I'm just left with a feeling of being letdown, completely underwhelmed.I have been a baker for over 16 years and trained for 3 in Paris. Though the pastries looked great I and 2 co-workers about chipped a tooth on the croissants I purchased. Im guessing the baking is done Friday and what you get Sunday is a left over. yikes!Stopped in for a pretzel and coffee last Sunday. The slow moving guy behind the counter was so none communicative - he was like a robot. Anyway, we sit down at a table in serious need of being wiped down. We were going to move to another, but we saw that all the empty tables were dirty - so we just got some napkins and cleaned it ourselves. The interesting thing was the guy was standing behind the counter with his arms folded was watching us clean the table. They were not busy at the time (there was no one in line behind us) and there was at least one other person behind the counter - but at least she was busy doing things - and after we were seated for 5 minutes, she came out to wipe down the tables.
The other thing that was surprising was the mustard they have is the cheap Heinz yellow in the little packets - yuck. Gulden's is so much better.Let me eat bread! It's one of the few items I'll allow myself to splurge on, and the fare, especially the chocolate cherry loaf, from Metropolitan Bakery allows me to do so. Besides their baked goods, they also have typical cafe menu items and an interesting variety of cold and hot beverages, packaged ice-cream and boutique condiments. The place is small and quaint and decorated with rotating art pieces from local craftspeople. The venue and staff are friendly and at off-hours, this is a great place to have a quiet(er) conversation with a friend compared to other coffee shops. A final funny quirk that endears this place to me is the ever-changing hand-drawn pictures above their tip collection box which asks you to choose between two options such as "Do you prefer your toilet paper to 1) hang down or 2) hang up?".I still come to the Metro to buy my morning coffee and muffin. Their half-priced baked (specialty) goods are definitely worth the price and sold out within an hour or two of their opening.
I usually opt for their Yoruban fair-trade coffee over the Mexican Chiapas, but both are medium-dark roasts with a wonderful flavor. I've tried a few more of their baked goods (not yet their sandwiches), and I honestly think their muffins are wonderful. 
Power muffin if you're looking to have a healthier, seed-studded morning. Millet muffin if you want to get your digestive tract going (also wonderful when dipped in your cup of joe). Lemon-poppy is nice and sweet, pumpkin-chocolate (seasonal) if you're looking to be a bit indulgent, double-chocolate chip if you're looking to be indulge, oatmeal-apple is just fine as is the raisin bran.
Tl;dr: no wi-fi makes Metro a great place to actually unplug and get some reading done if you want. Also, coffee + muffin combo cannot be beat.The nicest service I've received in Philly thus far. The ambiance is great - cozy, perfect for studying or getting coffee with a friend, art for sale, and no pressure to eat and leave. If only I could try everything on the menu! The vegan donut was delicious and the coffee was good and affordable. I'll be back!I love getting sliced whole wheat sandwich bread when they're open (close at 7 which I always seem to miss) and when they don't run out (tends to happen early on weekends).I've been MIA on yelp but what better reason to kick off my first review in like way too long while I'm just basking in the glow of this raspberry crumb bar. It's everything you want in a crumb bar - sweet, crumbly, but yet not like falling apart with each bite. From the perfect crust to ratio of raspberry and crumbly goodness on top, just knock-your-socks-off, eyes roll back in your head good. 
And that was just the sample. Of course my order included an egg and shroom breakfast  sandwich, lumberjack breakfast sandwich, a lemon bar and of course, my new other favorite, the raspberry crumb bar. 
Do yourself a favor and get one. And oh yeah - hide yo kids, hide yo wife too while ur at it....
It's good to be back, and it's good to enjoy the amazing food here at metro.Two stars because the WiFi is not good. If you're going to offer WiFi it should at least be able to load gmail without issues. Coffee is fine but the $10 minimum on cards is also annoying.I live pretty close by to Metro Bakery and it's a really nice spot to grab a quick breakfast. I've been here twice before and enjoyed it both times even though I will say that everything is on the expensive side. 
My favorite thing to order here is their steel-cut oatmeal which comes with two toppings (options include walnuts, almonds, raisins, brown sugar, cranberries, etc.) and milk (both dairy and nondairy options available). The oatmeal is very filling and has a great texture. It's smooth and slightly chewy and goes really well with a banana, which is also available for purchase at Metro (for 50 cents each). 
I've also had their famous Metro granola. I tried the Pomegranate Cinnamon flavor which also comes with a milk. It's pretty good (nothing incredible) and is a pretty large portion. It's very crunchy and fairly sweet. Overall, a nice spot in University City that is pretty popular with students.I passed that place a million times but never thought to stop in. When I finally did, I thought the place was cute. 
I ordered an Italian soda with lemon. They gave me an Italian soda with honey.Great place to grab a coffee, sit down and study.. the baristas are super friendly (at least the times when I go) ... don't know what the other reviews' complaints about the baristas are about. Unfortunately no wi-fi, otherwise I'd come here more often, and it explains the 4/5 stars. Their milk selection is awesome--I like to put in soy milk just because it also slightly sweetens the coffee. Also check out their day-old baked goods.. still as mouthwatering, and it's half-off!Sourdough and Fennel Pretzel finished with a blueberry scone.  Savory & Sweet, Nothing but tasty!  I don't get here often, but when I do, I throughly enjoy it.We would lovingly call it Metro and drool over the smell of paninis that filled the hall when we walked to work at the DP (The Daily Pennsylvanian, Penn's independent student newspaper). 
I'd often also drop in to grab a brownie (5/5stars) as a mid afternoon snack. Their gooey, walnut-laced deliciousness was addicting and I got a few other staffers hooked. 
I've also had a few of their sandwiches, most notable is their chicken breat panini with cheddar and bacon,(4/5 stars) it also has some fancy type of mayo (rosemary perhaps), and is somewhat greasy, but very tasty.  And their chicken salad sandwich doesn't fall far behind, with generous chunks of chicken and celery (3/5). The chicken was somewhat dry, and the salad itself could use some more mayo, so it wasn't a home run. 
Their sourdough batard is to die for, and so is their regular french bread baguette. 
If it weren't for their high prices I'd give it 5 stars and this would be my dream bakery. They also tend to run out of breads around dinnertime 5-7pm, which makes sense, but can be frustrating.
For bakery-starved West Philly, Metro serves its purpose.I am a big fan of this place! I frequently stop here for an organic coffee & a dark chocolate - dried cherry cookie! YUM. 
The only reason why I am not giving 5 starts is because I think their portions are not right, for the price you pay, for their lunches. I've ordered sandwiches here many times, and you end up paying about $8 for a small plate. 
However, the pastries and breads are amazing - and I love that so many things are local/organic. It's a small-ish local store & they do great things.I don't like the food soups sandwiches etc. I hate that it's cash only for purchases under $10. There prices are far too high. So why then am I giving it five stars? Well their coffee and baked goods are just excellent.I want to like this place, and I've tried so many times, but just end up disappointed. Although the 10 dollar credit card minimum drove me nuts, I got over it. But the coffee just isn't that good. It's similarly priced to other coffee places, including Starbucks. From my understanding, there isn't wifi either, which eliminated it for me as a place to do some work. I feel like I've given them many chances (I've been there at least 5 times!) but just can't get on board.Update: added one star for prompt and sensible reply, and because I learned that there is a way around finding bread in the afternoon.
Serious management issues and high prices make this place less than desirable. Unfortunately there is little or no competition (at least in university city), and I'm afraid this gives Metropolitan even more room to do what they please.
Here are some of my complains, after having been here several times:
1. They are often out of basic (baguette-like) bread in the early afternoon! But, you are a bakery!?
2. When you find it, a baguette cost almost $4 (many of your customers may not pay attention to this "detail", but think about it, it is a lot of money!
3. Waiting time is unfathomable. There are enough staff, yet, I often waited an unreasonable amount of time, just to buy a piece of bread! Staff seem clueless on what to prioritize and how to optimize flow. Last time there was a line of 3 people, each with very simple orders, it took about 15 minutes to be served (I was the third in line). Staff were seeing us waiting, and waiting, and waiting... And yet still decided that we were not priority.
Bottom line: bread is good (4 stars), but prices and, most of all, quality of service are abysmal (0 stars).
This slowness and lack of people skill/competence, are probably only possible in this market. In other places/countries, with more competition and a true culture of bread for everyday use, this place would be long gone.this place is ok. a co-worker digs it so i'm here occasionally. the few times i've been here they've advertised a vegan wrap which is ok. but with all the other options in university city, i probably wouldn't come here for coffee or lunch on my own.Cute little bakery that's been long-standing near UPenn's campus.  Their coffee will do the trick, but it's not the best I've experienced.  
They have a variety of baked goods and I ventured out and tried a ginger scone, which was surprisingly delicious.  Sit outside if the weather is nice; otherwise, it can be a bit cramped.No wifi? I feel like coffee shops without wifi are pretty archaic in this day and age. Bad business practice, too. Why? Bc I am a student, you are located in University City where there are millions of students, and students need wifi. So, no, you don't get my return business. I will go spend my money where I can sit and use wifi next time. You got yourself a one time customer rather than a return customer. 
On a positive note, my coffee was excellent, the homemade cherry jam was awesome, the bread was pretty ok, and the girl at the counter was very sweet. :)I gave it 4.5 stars.  This bakery is so cute and petite, and in a really nice location.  I loved the atmosphere here; it's so personable with neat decor, and the prices are pretty reasonable (at least for what I got).  I took off half a star because some items on the menu seemed kind of overpriced especially the sandwiches.  May I suggest the multigrain bagel??  It was delicious.  I haven't tried anything else but I hope to be back there soon.  Service was fine...nothing I can complain about!   A nice little shop to stop at if you want something quick and delicious.Delicious sandwiches and pastries. I particularly love the roasted chicken panini, the classic grilled cheese, and the bacon, egg, and cheese bagel sandwich. This is my go to breakfast / brunch place on the weekends. My only complaint is that the line is normally long and the staff at the counter is very inefficient meaning that you'll have a decent wait.I love visiting Metropolitan Bakery. They are close and convenient to those living near Penn's campus, and they have outdoor seating in the summer. Unfortunately, the homeless try to monopolize those seats, but that's a fact of life in any big city.
They have a wide menu, and they even offer catering. The sandwiches are a bit pricey, but they're delicious! I usually order a panini or a wrap for lunch with some fair trade coffee. It always hits the spot on a lazy weekend. Be prepared for a long line on the weekends though. It gets pretty busy!To be fair, I have tried this place four times now because I really wanted to like it.  Unfortunately it's always a disappointment - in every aspect, but most sadly service and food.  The service is, for lack of a better expression, a hot mess.  I've either had my order messed up (50% of my visits), or it takes forever with a large group of employees behind the counter looking a bit lost and confused.  So there's some sort of lack of organization on orders that needs to be figured out by management/owners.  The sandwiches I have tried are not very good- and my husband and I have tried about 4 different ones collectively now.  We have never tried their soups, and we've tried their breakfast sandwiches which are also not very good.  They're not inedible, but are worse than if you tried to make the something yourself at home.  Moreover, considering what you get the prices are too high - a sad little pressed sandwich with very little meat and cheese for $9.  The breads and pastries are fine, but again nothing that really wows.  Beware they all have a $10 minimum on credit card which also seems unfriendly (wouldn't $5 be enough to not loose money and gain customers?).   I understand and support small businesses, but I had $7 of stuff just ordered on my last visit and no cash, and the lady wouldn't let me purchase it on my card.  Talk about loosing a customer for life!  Lastly, every visit I've had either a completely uncaring, apathetic person ringing me up (they made me feel like I was taking up their time by ordering) or really rude and curt person (like I was doing them a favor by ordering).  Really strange!   I'm just not sure if I'm giving off the wrong vibe, but my honest recommendation would be to stay far away from this place.  There are much better places to get better food, better service, at equivalent to better prices.Capogiro was closed last week for my H&H bagel fix, luckily just down the street Metropolitan Bakery was open and had some freshly baked bagels. I had an everything bagel with sun-dried tomato cream cheese which was pretty delicious.Classy, great coffee, local foods to buy, and tasty snacks...what's not to love??I really really want to like this place. It is right next to where I work. Literally, right next door. Their muffins are pretty good, I'll give them that. And it's just about the only place that makes sourdough in Philadelphia. But other than that, the coffee is just about the worst I've ever had. The service is unbelievably rude. It's WAYYY overpriced. And the food isn't all that great (don't waste your money on the pre-made sandwiches).
I have felt this way for quite some time, but  have continued to frequent this place because it's just so convenient.  But after my experience today I will NEVER go back EVER AGAIN.
I was at work, starving, and couldn't leave for very long to grab lunch. So I went next door to grab a sandwich. The sandwich was about 7 bucks (RIP OFF!). I needed to pay with my card because I didn't have any cash. They have a sign that says they have a SUGGESTED 10 dollar minimum for cards. I sympathize with that, really I do. I understand that the fees racked up from small purchases really hurt small businesses. But just this one time I wanted to pay with a card. And she rudely REFUSED to sell me the sandwich. I tried explaining to her that I am a loyal customer, that I always pay with cash, and reminded her that it is just a SUGGESTED minimum. She, again, refused and wasn't even the slightest bit apologetic. 
That really was the last straw with this place. They have lost my daily business forever.Metropolitan Bakery catered an event we had last year for 350 people at the International House.  Jim and his wife were easy to communicate with, gave us a great deal, and were incredibly flexible!  They happily set everything up super early (7am on a Saturday!) and didn't have any last minute questions/concerns.  Plus, when we hadn't finished all of the incredibly delicious baked goods and pastries by the time we had set, they just rearranged them and came back to collect their dishes later.  
I really couldn't recommend Jim and the Metropolitan Bakery highly enough!  The bakery itself is excellent as well: the coffee selection is great, they have soy milk out (without an extra charge), and no wifi means that I can focus on chatting with friends or reading or whatever instead of being attached to some gadget.  
I couldn't be a bigger fan!  Goooo Metropolitan Bakery!!!