Walked by this place several times and never gave it a 2nd thought. I had a taste for rice and beans so I checked Yelp out for a spot that was close. I walked in with every intention of getting just rice and beans but after reading the menu and talking with the chef, I decided on a veggie burrito.  The burrito was better than the burrito I got last week from Taqueria La Veracruzana, much better. Very small spot, very pleasant staff. Not much to choose from in the way of vegetarian fare, but I never expected it to be.  I will definitely dine there again.
I got a side of chips and pico and I am a bit disappointed. Small is an understatement.OK soooooo here's the thing...the food is usually pretty good. They make a mean steak burrito. But the thing that drives me nuts is that you can order the same thing two different times, and it's completely different- I guess based on whatever ingredients they happen to have or not have at the time. So that makes me hesitant about ordering from here since it's hit or miss. Cash only under $10.So... I was all hyped on going to MOTS after reading the most recent review here, I ordered a carnitas (pork) tostada, take away. I also ordered the guacamole & salsa verde ala carte @ $1 and $0,75 respectively.
The tostada tortilla was holey, soft and oily. The carnitas was the greasiest I've ever had anywhere. The stock salsa was pretty unremarkable.
On the other hand, the chips, salsa verde & guacamole were pretty darn good.
Ya pays yer money & ya takes yer chances.
I'll try the soft tacos next time tru.So freaking good. I had the pork burrito and it was life-changing. Im kinda obsessed with chipotle, and this was 20 times better! I hate qdoba anyways, but this REAALLY blows qdoba out of the water. If you're looking for a burrito, this rivals, even tops the ones they sell at Mexicali.About one month ago I attempted to call in a very large order for delivery, but when I asked a few questions about a local loyalty program, the woman on the phone snapped that I couldn't use it, so I ordered from another more pleasant restaurant that night.
Today I decided to give it another chance in person.  Again, I was only trying them because they were participating in a program that promotes buying from local companies ( www.lokalty.com/in/amy--7 )
Even as I walked up to the door i could see the woman sitting inside as she rolled her eyes as if aggravated that a customer was going to bother her... she didn't even know I was planning on using this program.  If she appeared annoyed before, as soon as I mentioned the program she quickly informed me that they were not in that program anymore.  She seemed relieved when I turned and walked out the door.
In addition to the apathetic reception by the employee, the whole place seemed cluttered with junk and gave the appearance of being dirty because of clutter on the counters and crowding the small space for customers.
I was willing to give them, as a local company, a chance as part of this program, but there is no way I will return.Nice neighborhood - great for sitting at the outside tables. And yes, dive-y atmosphere inside. That doesn't bother me, the best cooks are too busy cooking to worry about decor. I used a restaurant.com coupon and ordered online, which was great, but the lady who cashed me out had a really hard time figuring that out as she didn't understand me but thought she did. That's ok too, I'm sure she speaks better English than I do her native language. But still, I walked out with my HUGE bag of food - ($20) gets enough food for four - and crossed my fingers. 
When I got back to work, I ate way more than I needed as the Carne Asada Picaditas are absolute heaven! (A teeny bit grisle-y but hey it's meat) the corn tostada/tortilla base was so wonderful and I don't like corn! I wish I could give you a full review of the chicken items but I'm stuffed. Can't wait for lunch tomorrow...and probably the next day....will be back if I ever work off the calories :)First of all it is not even close to the square it is not a mexican resturant they also have steaks,burgers etc.the Asian lady is so rude,tacos are $2.50 each but 3 are $8 so the more you get the more money they cost(I guess) .i ordered ground beef tacos and he took a hand full of cold dry meat out of the refrigerator and threw it on the grill ,I instantly changed my mind and got chicken (which wasn't too bad)I had been dying to try this place ever since i heard about their sopes. Recently a friend and i were walking home from a manicure and decided to stop in for a quick dinner.  
Luckily we were the only people who had that particular idea at the moment because there are only two seats inside. I ordered the chorizo sopes and she had some sort of platter. The portions were huge for the tiny prices and the food was definitely tasty and filling. The staff was super sweet. All in all a fabulous dining experience. 
I'm not in this neighborhood often, but i will be stopping by Mexico on the Square next time i am. But i will probably get my sopes to go.To be honest, I really didn't expect much from Mexico on the Square (MOTS) after seeing the ambience described as "dive-y."  After eating there last night however, I am pleasantly surprised with the quality of food and quick service.  If you can bring yourself to look past the less-than-stellar storefront, then I would order the chorizo and/or carnitas tacos; they are delicious.
In response to some of the reviews mentioning that the menu was difficult to read, I think that MOTS has revised it since.  It's in English, it's easy to understand, and it's also available on their website.
Finally, one aspect of MOTS that I think is worth mentioning is the apparent healing powers of their food.  A friend of ours had not been able to stomach anything for three days because of a stomach bug.  After smelling our carne asada tacos from MOTS, it didn't take much convincing to get her to try one.  Within an hour, she was eating cheerios and hot pockets like she was never sick.  I don't consider myself to be a religious man, but it was nothing short of a miracle.Holy moley what great guacamole!
The hubster and I got take-out from MotS last week and there must have been something wrong with me before so say that the food was bland.
I got 3 of the pork tostadas. Ay chiuaua! They were absolutely amazing and rather huge for being $4 each. The man got a chicken burrito which was definitely man size. This thing must have weighed close to a pound and a half.
Ordered their guacamole and chips and really enjoyed the blended texture. I think they may add their salsa verde to it, so it has a bit of a kick. Very nice. I like.
And because I can't go without it, I ordered a piece of the coffee tres leche cake. Oh sweet, juicy, tres leche cake, I could write you a love letter that would be miles long. MotS cake is not homemade and is decent, but I don't really like the icing on the outside. Very fake tasting.
Would return in a heartbeat and lucky for us it's right down the street!I'm low on dough this week. I'm also obsessed with Mexican food. So, inspired by an entry over at Midtown Lunch Philadelphia (http://midtownlunch.com/philadelphia - make sure to peep their featured Lunch-er of the week, she's bodacious babe), I ventured over to Mexico on the Square to try their sopes, coming in at a very thrifty $3.50.
I ordered a veggie sope (not on the menu, but available) and after a few moments of waiting around with some wholesome schoolteachers, I was presented with a delicious pile of peppers, beans, strings of cheese, tomatoes, onions, and avocado atop a crisp, thick tortilla. I was expecting to get a meat sope, minus the meat, but adding the grilled peppers and onions was a nice, unexpected addition. They care! And for $3.50, it was definitely enough to make a light, yet satisfying meal.They added a few new taco options to the menu recently: barbacoa, campechanos, chicken al pastor, and at least one more that I can't remember. The pricing on the new menu is a little weird, though. It reads $2.50 for one taco or $8.00 for 3. Even if you suck at math, you can probably tell that it sounds like you're paying more for 3, except that the new options ring up as "Special" items on the receipt and they cost $3.00. Of course, it doesn't say anywhere.I love Mexican food, and have had a tough time finding good spots in Philly. In my opinion, I'd rather have delicious authentic stuff than fancy pants Mexican, so this divey takeout place is perfect.
I love the great chicken and carnitas sopes at this place. The tacos are good. I'm psyched to try the breakfast burritos and chilaquiles. Noms!
Very limited seating, ideal for takeout. Delivery is reasonable.I ate dinner here and had an Al Pastor Taco and Carne Asada Sope. It satisfied my craving for a tacos, but to call this place Mexican food does not do justice to what could be a delicious cuisine. Both the pork and the beef were overcooked and chewy, but I was happy to find out the Al Pastor taco had pineapple in it, a nice touch. The sopa didn't really resemble a sopa, more like a deep fried patty of cornmeal, probably won't get that again. The hot sauce was delicious, but they didn't give me a lime....
The nice thing about this place is its very easy to order online and have your food ready for you. Also, the staff is very nice and considerate.  There are a few tables outside and a small counter inside, but mostly this is a take out spot more like a dive-spot to grab a quick bite than a real authentic place to get Mexican.I actually like this place. Was looking for Saturday night grub to be delivered late (ordered at 9) and decided to trust fellow yelpers once more. I was greeted by a very disgruntled young man on the phone when I called to confirm my seamless web order (never got an email confirm). He assured me he got it and 40 min later we got our carne asada and chorizo tacos,  carne asada burrito and carne asada sope. My favorite were the tacos--Proper taco wraps, tons of cilantro and freshly cut onions (and meat! It's not amazing or nearly as flavorful as el Rey but decent). The burrito was quite good too (I really appreciate healthy servings of fresh salsa in my meal, again the meat and rice weren't all that great but all the other little things made up for these shortcomings) and it was grilled/pressed on the outside! The sope was realllly yummy too. Def will be ordering from here again--under $25 incl tax and a generous tip!My friend and i have had the burritos here twice now, so i think a review is in order.  We thought we would be able to sit down and eat our burritos, however there was a guy (employee) sitting at what little counter space there was eating some pizza.  there was a table outside, but it was way too cold for that.  Also the space inside is super limited, eating there probably would have been awkward anyway. But i digress. We each got burritos, and i went nervously with the veggie burrito being the fussy vegetarian that i am.  They each came with a free can of coke (plus) and a side of salsa verde, which was delicious.  The veggie burrito was awesome.  The veggie mix was sauteed to order and cooked to perfection. every aspect about it was great and delicious, and if it wasn't so huge, i would have finished the whole thing.
The second time however, was not so awesome.  We ordered delivery since it was raining out and we live a decent walk away.  The lady taking the order was polite and again  offered free cans of soda with the burritos.  I again got the veggie burrito, and requested extra salsa verde.  The food arrived quickly, which usually is a plus.  However, the burritos were flying solo without the sodas and extra verde.  The veggies in the burrito seemed like they were just heated up, not sauteed and seasoned like last time. and there were no beans.  this is a HUGE minus for me, since half the reason i eat burritos is for the beans and rice combo.  It was still edible, but there were tons of mushrooms and the consistency just wasn't as good as the first time.  
hopefully this was just a fluke and they can be more consistent.  i will definitely be back since a good burrito this side of broad is hard to find.  The prices are super cheap and the service is friendly, i wish we could give half stars because this place is a 2.5 for me. maybe next time i can give it a 5!Mexico on the Square is good.  Delivery was super fast and the ingredients seemed to be of high quality.
My sticking point is the burrito.  It might beat Qdoba or Chipotle, but that is not saying much.  Soggy, odd texture, minimal meat, sub-par rice, and a lack of spice.  I ordered it without sour cream, so the sogginess was inexcusable.  It clearly wasn't put on heat once it had been wrapped.  The rice was very soggy and lacked beans.  The worst part was the raw green peppers - the crunch gave the burrito a very odd texture.  And NO spice. 
If you need a burrito in this city, go to Don Memo in West Philly.  You will wait almost an hour, but you will be rewarded with the greatest burrito you have ever encountered.Was walking home from the CVS on Spruce/15th when I turned the corner on Pine and noticed a new Mexican place.  For a place called Mexico on the Square, there's no square to speak of and they also sell a bunch of random food in addition to their tacos and tortas (among other things).  Seriously, it was a tough decision, but I passed on the $3.50 pizza burger and $5 tuna salad hoagie and went w the tacos al pastor and carnitas.  Both were good - the al pastor slightly tastier.
PS - the fluorescent green take-out menu is rife w typos so you know this place is legit.Tacos are always half meat and half fat, gross! Chips were soggy and stale and only received a very small container or guacamole. They are very unprofessional and do not know how to handle more than one order at a time. They run out of ingredients all the time and rather than calling to inform you or ask what you want as a replacement they either pick what they feel like or don't replace it at all. Occasionally I have had great food there but after their convo de mayo nightmare I won't be returning.I'm very excited to have such good Mexican food nearby. The items I've tried have been on par with El Jarocho, except I don't have to make the trek to south philly or worry about ordering enough stuff so they will come all the way to my place. One downside is that it's tiny, pretty much delivery/take-out only as there is no seating to speak of.Their chorizo tacos are good.  Their tres leches cake is good (when they have it).  Everything else is meh.  It'll do in a pinch.I've been here twice and brought food home once.  It was edible.  That's about it.  When I went in the second time and ordered the guys started making my food without gloves on using his bare hands touching all of the ingredients.  I was standing right there and he didn't even wash his hands.  GROSS.  I walked out.Fantastic soft tacos... If you're going to order anything from Mexico on the Square.. order the soft tacos. I've tried other things on the menu but the soft tacos are the best. I like to get a variety of soft tacos with different meats. My favorite is the pulled pork soft taco though. 
I give this place 3 stars because I'm not a huge fan of the other things on the menu... I just like the soft tacos.Three stars because it isn't the BEST mexican food I have ever tasted, but, I don't mind it from time to time. One thing that makes me very happy, is both the cook and the "check out" lady are super sweet and always make me smile. That alone is worth going to Mexico.I can't believe it's been two years since I dined at Mexico on the Square. Well, just a quick update. I ordered another burrito and this time, I decided not to get the onions. Best choice I made. Without onions, the burrito is amazing. The onions were just so strong that they took away from all of the other flavors. If you prefer onions in your burrito, I would recommend having them put light onions.7/17/14. Unfortunately this place is going downhill. They got rid of the Mexican chef, who was excellent, and I feel bad for the Asian woman who runs it. She seems to be trying too hard to be nice nice, and she comes off as a little agressive. She just needs to chill and let Mexican food be Mexican foodJust went here for my first time. Deserves 4 stars in the "dive restaurant category" - for nothing else but the food.   Very tasty, good quality food.  I also like that they use 2 shells for the taco- I think this is becoming more typical in Philly. I would recommend calling in your order - it is a small and hectic place to wait 20 minutes.  MOTS, with good tastes and cheap prices will easily become a standard local mexican dive spot.Just had the most awful delivery experience with this place!  We placed an online order and waited an hour for delivery only to find out that half the order was wrong.  When we called the restaurant to ask them to send the correct item, they claimed they no longer carried the item we had ordered and it was the online site's fault for not removing it.  We asked why they sent us whatever they felt like instead of calling us and informing us they no longer carried what we ordered.  They refused to do anything about it and were extremely rude.  This is a horrible business practice.  Its not about the money but the complete and utter lack of care for the business or customer service.
On  top of this ordeal the part of the order that was correct was extremely bland and not worth the money.  Needless to say we will NEVER order from here again!  There are a million options to order from in this part of town, no point in wasting it here.The corner store-formerly-known-as-Savoy was a strange, unholy union of Mexican food, dusty dry goods, flowers and grime. That spot never sat quite right with me, so I'm glad they started out again in a fresh new space. 
The food here is totally fine. I'm not sure if they're on the menu, but I recommend the nopalito tacos/burritos/whatever tortilla+filling style suits you best. I prefer these tart strips of cactus to the random, wet "roasted vegetables" in the veggie burrito. A warning to my fellow haters of mushrooms: the veggie filling is chock full of them and you can't order it without.
Chips are fresh and light and crunchy, and the guac is citrusy and refreshing. It's nice to have this quick, relatively inexpensive option in the neighborhood, even if I'm not head over heels.What the fuck people, why why wasn't I notified about this place? Much as I love where I live, there have been times when I've pined for the cheap, authentic Mexican delivery that was available to me in my old hood. Even though the over-the-phone order/delivery lady is Asian, these guys are as close as I'm going to get without taking a trip down memory lane. Who's to say Asians can't do Mexican anyway?
As for cheap, just take a look at those pictures of the menu (except for the back page, don't waste your time). Can't see the prices? Yea, they're that small [rimshot].
Skip the chicken, skip the chorizo, skip the pork and pineapple, and definitely skip the gringo food (which I unabashedly decry without even having tasted). Go straight to the carne asada. Just interested in a light snack? Have the picaditas. Need a little more? Get some sopes or tortas. Looking to bulk up or share with a friend? Feast on a burrito. You can't really go wrong with how you dress up your meat, as long as that meat is carne asada.These people are crazy!  This place was nothing special at all.
Now, I understand it just opened and they're still getting their bearings about everything, but the burritos my friend and I got were just plain boring.  Nothing special.  It was huge and awkwardly wrapped, the chorizo was bland, not enough spices or anything - just a boorrriinnnggg burriittooo.  It's so tiny too, and people were awkwardly standing around the small room or out on the sidewalk waiting for their order to arrive.
I would only go back to this place if I was starving and every where else was closed.I have a confession to make.  I'm a little obsessed with the salsa verde at Mexico on the Square.  That may be understating it.  That salsa verde would even make the food at Marathon edible (yeah Marathon, I'm throwing down; whatcha gonna do about it?).  I want the recipe, dammit.
I have been to MotS several times since it changed over from Savoy, and have converted more than a few skeptical friends as well.  The burritos, in addition to being huge (they could easily double for dumbbells, or shakeweights if that's your pleasure), are awesomely delicious, with the right balance of rice, beans, meat and veggies.  My favorite is the pollo, just ahead of the chorizo and carne asada.  Everything is fresh and their spice mix really brings out the flavor of the other ingredients.
The sopes and tacos are equally solid, if you are looking for a more normal-sized meal and less of an "about to go into hibernation for the winter" meal.  I also love that they carry Mexican soda, which really hits the spot when I am looking for that extra-sweet flavor to accompany the savory goodness of my "big enough to satisfy Andy Reid" burrito.
As for service, the staff is awesome and friendly and really wants you to know how much they appreciate your business.  When we have gotten delivery, the food arrives hot (we are about 10 blocks away) and they always include the salsa roja and verde.  When we ask for extra salsa verde (I could do shots of that stuff), they send a couple of extra containers without any additional charge.
The only downside is that there is not a lot of room in the shop to wait, and since everything is cooked to order, you may have to get pretty friendly with your fellow patrons for a few minutes (I have never waited longer than 10 minutes for take-out) if there are no open tables outside.
I don't understand the MotS haters, but if you approach MotS expecting solid "gringo Mexican" food and not Tequilas (which I love, but is a totally different approach to Mexican cuisine), then you shouldn't be disappointed.Burritos lacked flavor and chips were stale. Also, I couldn't identify what I was eating. Not fresh at all, bland and high school cafeteria like.Very disappointed. Full disclosure: we did go on cinco de mayo when the place seemed particularly busy. We arrived to pick up an order that was placed online only to find out that the restaurant never received our order. There were several other customers in line and the process of ordering seemed a bit chaotic and no one seemed to be getting the right food. The credit card system was down, so I had to use the ATM. On the up side, the woman taking the orders gave me a small discount for inconvenience of my online order not working. 
But then the food was awful. We ordered the pork burritos which were full of fatty, tough meat, too much soggy rice, and a little lettuce. We won't be going back.I have been craving authentic Mexican tacos (meat, chopped onions, cilantro & a lime wedge). From yelp photos and posts it seemed this place was the spot. 
Inside had seen better days but hey as long as they had tacos I was ok with it. I ordered a pork taco and a steak tostada. 
Wasn't a long wait for the food which was great because I wasn't able to get my hopes up. 
My tostada looks like a nacho sharted on it. Runny refried beans, 3 pieces of steak? And ripped lettuce and chucks of tomatoes. 
My pork taco had the same sharting nacho look to it. No cilantro or chopped onions. 
Right when I went to take my first bit the host asked very forcefully that I help her load part 4 of her soap opera episode that she had to finish and my meal could wait. I helped her load it and was allowed to eat. (She did apologize for interrupting my meal but she needed to know what happened!) my meal was then serenaded by her soaps playing on her iPhone. 
I left still longing for that perfect taco.The word "amazing" is a little overused so it almost seems trite to say it here, but the burrito I just wolfed down was just that.The cook/ owner was very nice and had no problem fulfilling my requests. The portions a good, especially the burritos and the prices are great. However, the food didn't seem authentic or even Mexican at all. It was more like an uncultured American's attempt to make what they thought was Mexican. I don't really like to cook, but I could go to the supermarket, spend $10, and make a way more authentic meal than this any day. We had an order of beef nachos, a veggie burrito, a soft chicken taco, and a soft steak taco. Everything was bland and it literally looked like everything just had a McDonald's dollar menu salad on top of it. The meat was barely cut. There were nothing but massive chunks. And worst of all, there was little to no seasoning. The only beverages they have are bottled water. One of our waters had a popped cap on it! Ewww... I also noticed, the water level in that bottle was literally filled to the brim. Definitely weird... And lastly, there is only 1 table inside with 1 chair and 1 table outside with 2 chairs. Definitely a takeout only place.
I also think it's weird that they serve cheesesteaks, fries, burgers, and other American sandwiches there. It kind of takes away from the authenticity of the place.i have been dreaming of a place like this my whole college life, i only wish it had come into existence before a month until i graduate. 
the mexican cuisine is delicious, filled with fresh avocado and yummy cilantro. I have had several friends go there and none of us could say one negative thing about it (except, that we wish they delivered). 
for their price range, Mexico on the Square can't be beat.I got chicken tacos and chicken sopas. Average, at best. I think it may have been just the chicken that wasn't good though. Otherwise, it was OK. But it was a pretty fair price, so I guess there's the bright side.Popped in for three quick tacos tonight.  Tried the chicken, steak and chorizo.  The chorizo was the best, but the other two were fresh and good and loaded with cilantro.  They asked what I thought, and I told them what I'll tell you:  I'll be back and I'm happy to have a legit taqueria so close to me.  3 tacos and a soda for $9.50 is aggressive, but hey, they gotta pay the rent I guess.I just became a level up user, and saw their business on the site.
I walked over during my lunch hour, and had to honor Taco Tuesday!  The guy working the counter, who I assume was the owner, was really nice and really helpful. He took the time to explain how to use Level Up and took my order.  This time I ordered tacos; Goat and Pineapple, Chicken, and Steak.  They were really fast at getting them cooked, and really accommodating. When I got back to work, I felt that they were cooked really well with fresh ingredients ...
I would recommend this place to anyone.  This place seems to do a heavy take out / delivery business, the only reason I gave it 4 out of 5 stars was that the menu was heavy in Spanish ... and I don't speak Spanish.  I felt odd about asking what everything was, so I stuck with what I could understand.
Otherwise, good overall experience.Totally dive. Tiny place. Yes the lady at the counter is not Mexican, but she's awesome and loves her business. She's been working there for 30 years! So if u think she's mean, it's only cause she's passionate about doing right for the company. She knows her shit! So talk to her, she loves familiar faces. 
Now, to the food. Amazing stuff, I've had almost all of it.. Tacos, burritos, sopas, enchiladas, all delicious. And damn cheap. No you're not at El Vez or Tequilas, but if u want quick, fast, carry out cheap Mexican that actually tastes like real Mexican and not Taco Bell, go here! This place ROCKS.A definite solid three for MotS. 
Hubby and I got take-out here. The portions were very good and the staff is very very nice. Nothing incredibly memorable about the food, it was a bit bland, but other wise fresh and quite good.
I'd definately would return here and try out other items on the menu that fellow Yelpers recommend.I really wanted to like this place.  I walk by it all the time - and am in a "must try new places" phase.  Also saw that it was on Level-UP and that was a plus.  I ordered 2 tacos and a soda, and somehow the cashier added it up to $14 instead of $6.  I worked it out with her, but then the LevelUp was broken so I had to pay cash.  Still Ok.  It's a very small operation, so when I said that I didn't want onions or lettuce on my tacos both the man making the tacos and the woman taking my order acknowledged it.  I got my order to go, and when I got home I was disappointed to find the onions and lettuce on my tacos.  Still not a huge deal, except for the food just wasn't that good.  I'll probably give it another chance if LevelUp is working, but so far I'm not a fan.I had high hopes for a non-chain Mexican place in the neighborhood, but the food we had was pretty bland all around. Also, both the tortas and picaditas were overwrought with shredded lettuce. LETTUCE EVERYWHERE. The sides of red and verde salsas were good, though not as hot as they warned.Mexico on the Square's sopes are an amazing lunch for only $3.50 each. While I think one is large enough to make up a lunch on its own, you can throw in a taco just to be safe and and still get out of there for $6.
Both the chorizo and steak toppings were flavorful enough to stand out under the mound of lettuce, tomato, cilantro, avocado, sour cream, and Oxaca cheese. Soft with a little crunch on the outside, the hot sope provided a shockingly good and sturdy landing pad for the pile of toppings. 
The best part is that the tortillas for the sopes are made to order, thrown on the grill, and lightly deep fried (oxy moron?).I liked this spot a lot when I first moved into the neighborhood. Their flautas are pretty awesome. Once I started frequenting this spot for takeout, I noticed the quality of the meat was really not all that great. When you order tacos ($2.50 each, I believe), it seems as though the meat in them has been sitting around for some time. Burritos are a bit pricey, and a bit lackluster. When ordering for pick-up, the conversation can get a little confusing. Out of the 10 times (roughly) I've been there, an order was only messed up once. I'll probably give this place another chance sometime if I'm not in South Philly getting better tacos. Mexico on the Square is a fine spot if you have nothing else to compare it to.I have NEVER had worse service. This is not an exaggeration. 
Ordered on Seamless for delivery. I ordered fajitas and they called to tell me their online menu is old and they don't serve them individually anymore. I said no prob, I thought the individual fajitas were odd anyways. I mean, typically fajitas are a bunch of meat and peppers and such with some tortillas you put together yourself. Ordered them with no cheese since the hubs is allergic. Also ordered enchiladas with no onions since I hate them. Got a side of guac and chips too. 
Order was supposed to get to me within 20 - 35 min. It Showed up 55 min after the order. Strike #1. Husband's "fajitas" has no tortillas and were literally covered in cheese. Strike #2. My enchiladas had onions all over them. Strike #3. They gave us no plastic wear (we were in a hotel so obviously don't have any silverware). 
Ok, so here's the kicker. My husband called to tell them they messed up and put cheese all over his food and there were no tortillas. The woman who answered said, "we explained to you when we called that there were no tortillas." Um, no you didn't. THEN, when my husband tried to say, "well there is also cheese all over them and I am allergic and our order said no cheese" (also reinforced by writing no queso just in case), the woman HUNG UP ON HIM. What? So he calls back and starts talking and she cuts him off and says, "You hung up on me" and then hangs up again!! Getting angry, he calls back again and, wait for it - as soon as he starts talking she hangs up for A THIRD TIME. We are incredulous at this point and try one final time and a man answers. My husband, being much more polite than I could have ever been at this point, explains to him what happened and he apologizes and tells us he will send the fajitas with no cheese and tortillas within 10 minutes.  25 min later, it shows up. 
The service itself is so completely beyond rudeness and to top it off, the food is not that great. The guac tasted like lime and nothing else. I just read some review saying the woman is "just passionate about her business" and I want to laugh. Passionate?! If you are passionate about your business, you do what you can to make for a good meal. You do not act like a complete and utter b!znitch and hang up on people. I am blown away that this place is even still open.Carne Asada Tacos! Or at least that's what I think they are called.
Other tacos are amazing too! Love the chips, instead of corn, they are flour tortilla chips I think. Nothing fancy. Fast and good, fills me up! Great location, I always sit at  the tiny tables outside! I love the lady at the counter too, so adorable! Price is totally reasonable- $8 for 3 tacos. They have shrimp tacos for 3 for $10 i think, but no more than $12. 
This is where I go when I am starving to death, broke and suffering from indecision [almost always].Just horrible!!! First, they didn't have the item we ordered and even though on the phone and on grubhub, we consistently said no onion (I'm allergic) everything had onions in it, even though they wrote "no onion" on the container. Then, the delivery man had the wrong address. When I went out to meet him, no one was there, and when I called the restaurant, the woman said she didn't have the delivery man's phone number. What?!?! Every thing we ordered was wrong. On top of the onions, they provided the wrong items (ie chicken instead of cheese). The food that was edible, was bland. I love Mexican food, and this place is the worst I have ever tried. We will never be ordering from here again. At this rate, you might as well save yourself the money and frustration and order from Qdoba or get a frozen burrito from the grocery store. Trust me, it will be better than this place!!!Just stopped in for a quick lunch....take-out.
I ordered the "Al Pastor" burrito (marinated pork roast with pineapple), with rice, beans, pico de gallo, sour cream and oaxaca cheese.  Same price as Qdoba or Chipotle ($8) - but I'd say it was more fresh and unique.
I loved the spices and mix of flavors - something sweet and comforting- nutmeg? I'm not sure how to identify the exact spice - but it was a welcome burst of sweet and spicy.  
I am going back!I first started coming here from a Groupon deal, and since then, I have eaten here probably 25 times (and brought friends). I have tried tacos and burritos. The tacos are comparable to some of the taquerias on Washington, but the burritos get special mention. 75% of the time the carne asada burrito is the best burrito I have tasted on the East Coast. The other 25% of the time, the meat isn't as high of quality as normal (grisly, tastes overcooked, or something to that effect) which throws off the whole taste. 
The owners of this restaurant are a strange duo. The guy cooking, Fernando, is the Mexican talent and seems gracious for business, but the lady shop keeper, (I haven't asked her name yet due to the following) is the Korean investor. She's not very good with customer service and isn't particularly friendly. Sometimes I am not sure if she doesn't understand a lot of English or she doesn't want to be nice. I'm also not really sure if she gives a damn if you come to her restaurant or not. She's a character.
The interior is super small. They have a couple of garden tables inside, so you should probably get takeout. The tacos and burritos are similar in size to other taquerias, small and large, respectively.
So they accept all credit cards, but starting in December the shop keeper decided she didn't want to pay interchange fees or something so she put out a sign that says their credit card machine isn't working. It does. If you insist you don't have cash, she'll give. If you order on the phone, she wants to make sure you show up, so she will take your credit card info. Or you can just cut out the process altogether and order online.
Food Quality/Taste =  4.5 Stars
Portion Size Given Price = 3
Service = N/A
Experience with Staff = 2 Stars
Decor = 1Unimpressive food accompanied by even less impressive "sides".  We received no beans in our delivery on either entre though both had them listed on menu.  Instead, the three dividers in the Styrofoam containers contained two each of rice.  Overpriced, underwhelming and more to the point NEVER again.Not too shabby for a deli-front Mexican place.  Lots of taco options, I had the carnitas, some pork/pineapple and the chorizo.  The carnitas had huge chunks of fat in there (a bit of a turn off) but the flavor was good.  $2.50 for a pretty good taco seemed fairly priced.
I also got mozzarella sticks.  Kind of a non sequitur.  Anyhow, skip the mozz sticks, if that wasn't self evident.
downside:  some weird girl was in there selling tickets to a pancake breakfast at applebees.  Kind of awkwardHOLY CRAP! This place was such a find! Delicious tortillas, no nonsense staff. Cheap. My semester (and the next two years) just got brighter as this is two blocks from my school.I tried this place a few days ago and was happy to discover that the chicken burrito wasn't the bland mess I'd expected from a non-chain Mexican restaurant. I do know better, that chain Mexican doesn't meal real Mexican food however in my experience, mom & pop shop Mexican is even worse  which always baffles me. So was happy to have some flavor in this burrito, nothing fancy but got the job done AND I carried it home from work which is about an hour commute and it was still warm and tastey. 
And it's a nice size I'd shared half with my daughter, wasn't throwing away money on two in case they were awful and we both enjoyed and was satisfied afterwards but that depends on your hunger level in terms of sharing it. At elast the size of a qdoba burrito and I'm thinking slightly larger even.
Just brought another for lunch and I'm disappointed as it tastes more like I'd originally expected, still a nicesize, just finished a little more than half but the beans I had the first day are missing, tons of lettuce and tomato this time around and onion which wasn't on there the 1st time, rice tastes like it could be day old or undercook not sure which. I semi anticipated there would be differences since this isn't a chain operation but ewww if this is it I'll stick with the knock offs, at least I know what I'll get with them. 
Won't give up 100% just yet I'll try a few other things and see what happens but at least Im' full although not satisfied.A small burrito shop around Rittenhouse Square, it has some good, cheap burritos and tacos. They have a variety of different burritos and tortas that are filling.  Not a good a spot to dine in at as they only have a small counter space to eat at, only 3 seats but is a decent take out spot. The place is a little bit away from the square on a block that is not as busy so you don;t have to wait in line as long. Also, the salsa is not very good but if you use your own Cholula or Frank's Hot sauce, the burritos are quite tasty.Downgrade. Ever since her main cook disappeared, she has been doing all the cooking herself. I guess it's technically okay if a Korean woman is making Mexican food (?), but Fernando had the magic touch or something. It's just not the same as it used to be. She has horrible order management skills, half the time she is out of stuff on her menu, and when you call she answers the phone like you are calling a residence "Hello?" Had a quesadilla and it was this giant sloppy mess thrown into a container that leaked all over the bag. I needed a fork to eat it but, alas I didn't have a fork. The steak meat was also very grisly.I actually really like this place for a quick meal.  The soft tacos are amazing - I have had them all.  Everything tastes fresh and is seasoned well.  I think the burritos are average and Chipotle burritos are better.I have been a regular of Mexico on the Square since they opened a few years ago (of course I live down the block so it's an easy commute!).  The best taco and burritos in the city!  The service is personable, Fernando and his business partner Suzy are friendly and care about their place and the neighborhood.  I highly recommend Mexico on the Square!Not fabulous on the inside, but I don't trust Mexican food from those places anyway.  Great food, especially to go.  The burritos are excellent as well as the deal for 3 tacos for 8 bucks.  Give this place a try.I usually pass this spot on my way to work when I decide to walk down Pine Street. I actually didn't know it was a Mexican take out until one of my coworkers told me. I never really bothered to look at the sign. I need to be more observant. After a few coworkers shared with me how good the burritos were, I decided to try myself.
The place is extremely small, with one tall round table and two bar stools. It is truly meant for takeout. There are two or three tables outside if you wish to dine there. One important thing to note is that they do not accept credit for anything less than $10. 
The burrito was a decent size and contained most of what you would find in a burrito. The chicken was seasoned really well, which was a plus for me. One thing I did not like were the onions. I'm not a huge fan of onions and I should have been more cognizant of making sure they did not place onions in my burrito. Not only was there onions, but they were sliced too big for my taste. 
The next time I go, I'll make sure to get my burrito sans onions.Chump-Change Cheap, a "great food for the price" kinda place.
the delivery lad got lost between my work and their location - like "had to call three times and ask the street address again" lost. the food was still fairly warm when it finally arrived.
Real. Corn. Tortillas. and Chorizo.Horrible customer service. Manager refused to take my groupon and was making up rules. Do not eat here. Lady also tried to tell me they were closing and then a friend called and she took his order.  Very rude and disrespectful.The best Mexican food in Philly. I recommend the pork carnitas tacos. The staff is great and very helpful. Everything is cooked on the spot, you can't go wrong with Mexico On The Square.The team here used to on the little flower and produce shop right under the park on 18th street, and they are the nicest people you'd ever want to meet. They'll remember your name and your order and even where you went to school!
Plus, the food is goooood. I've been craving a good cornmeal pancake ever since heading back to Sazon, and this place is closer to me and makes an incredible version. The meats cheeses and rice are all scrumptious too!! And when they put them together, it's time to chow down.I ordered a veggie burrito here and it was literally just wet rice with wet, thawed/canned green beans in a greasy tortilla with a scrape of beans and lettuce. No cheese. Just the aforementioned ingredients. At least it was warm?
The meat burritos have been pretty consistently ok though.
Service is pretty dismal. The take out orders are never made on time. The lady at the cashier is always in a pissy mood. Their credit card machine is always "down" (just say you don't take credit cards). Not sure abt their hygiene practices, but no one has gotten sick, so that's good!Tacos here are about 50 cents more than they are in South Philly, but I love this place because it's a block from my work. I eat lunch here probably once a week, and I would give it an extra star, but the last couple of times I have been there, they have been out of what I want to order. They only have 5 different tacos on the menu (steak, chicken, chorizo, carnitas, and al pastor), so when they're out of something, it limits the menu even more. And sometimes they don't give you lime wedges. But, yeah, I'll still probably keep eating here fairly regularly as long as I still work in the area. It's always the same woman behind the counter and guy working the grill, and they're both nice.Mexico on the Square is a good thing to have nearby.  The prices are very low, and when it is nice out they have a few tables outside which is nice on a relatively quiet block.  The people that work there are also very nice.  The food is just okay.  I really wanted to love it because it is new, cheap and oh so close.  
Another thing that annoys me is that they claim they take credit cards but EVERY time I have gone the credit card machine is "broken."  Pet peeve.  Either take credit cards or don't.  Personally, I very rarely go to places that do not accept credit cards, on principle.  But I digress.  Anyway, if you have cash on you and are in the mood for decent Mexican with tons of cilantro, give it a shot.I was dying for tacos all week and, after a vigorous Flywheel class, I felt that I deserved them. Mexico on the Square was the closest option so my boyfriend and I made our way over. First off, they are cash-only, so bring those dolla billz. I ordered a trio of carnitas tacos and an order of guacamole to share. As we waited outside in the sunshine, chips and some homemade hot sauce were brought out to us, followed by the guacamole. I soon wished we had skipped the guac because I did not like it at all. It tasted very mayo-y to me and I HATE the taste of mayo though I'll eat it in certain things or when it's mixed with a ton of stuff and renamed "aioli." I  know, that makes no sense, but that's how it goes, okay? I don't know for sure if there was actually mayo in the guacamole but I do know that I did not like the taste of Mexico on the Square's version. 
Fortunately, we had better luck with the tacos. The pork carnitas were just the right amount of crispy without being over-cooked. That homemade hot sauce was just right; I only wish I had a little more of it. I was full after the first two tacos but I couldn't resist eating the third so, because of that, I was stuffed for hours and regretting that third taco. I will probably return again but I also won't go out of my way just for MOTS.I actually enjoyed this little takeout spot.  It's quick and convenient to where I live.  I did try the pollo (chicken) burrito this time and it was delish.  The wrapping was good and the overall texture was excellent.  I'm really glad I gave them another try, because the carnitas burrito (pork) last time was so-so.  I recommend.Delicious, plentiful, spicy (and I'm a big fan of heat), cheap, and authentic enough for me, whose experience with Mexican is limited to Distrito and El Rey.
Really, there's not much else to say as I'm always ordering take-out. I'm a fan of their tacos, and this other dish that is basically corn tortillas layered with your choice of meat (I go with carnitas), and all steeped in hot sauce, with cojita cheese, rice, and beans. I'm drooling just thinking about it. Damnit. 
They were quick with delivery, too.
Pro-tip:
Everything is HUGE. Order accordingly.Depends on the chef working that day.  Their best guy is working well below his pay grade, makes perfect crispy quesadillas.  The other chef seems to add the veggies and sauce on top of the tortilla as an afterthought.  Everything I've ordered has been competent.  I've always phoned in my order which requires some patience with the lady at the counter.