Yes, there are vegan options in University City, you just have to know where to look for them. MexiCali has a number of great options.
Many options here can be made vegan by holding the cheese. I absolutely adore the marinated tofu burrito. The tofu has a wonderfully chewy texture, and along with the black beans, the meal packs a protein-filled punch that will leave you full well past dinner-time, should you choose to finish it.  The sweet potato and plantain burrito is purportedly dairy-free, and it's another delicious, filling vegan option. The veggie tacos come with a spicier version of the sweet potato, the marinated tofu and some cabbage on doubled corn tortillas. The tacos are not as filling as the burritos, but they're a delicious lighter option. Finally, a fourth option for vegans: the guacamole burrito. They homemade guac is to-die-for delicious. 
I end up at MexiCali about once a week. I've been going since they were just a lunch truck 8 years back. There's often a line at the restaurant, but this place has been around for years and they have a great system to get you your burrito in a very timely manner.She says: I usually love getting burritos from MexiCali.  They are large, well-seasoned, and toasted nicely.  However, one miss I've had at MexiCali was the Tofu burrito.  I was envisioning soft, marinated chunks of tofu but instead got inedible, spongy, unseasoned pieces of (rehydrated?) tofu -- I had to pick off all of those pieces and had a shadow of what a regular burrito would be.  (The cheese and the salsa, however, were tasty.)  Avoid tofu.  Veggies/meats good.
He says: I definitely like MexiCali.  My favorite burritos from them are the ones that have sweet potatoes or plantains.  While not your typical burritos, they actually mix quite well with meats like chicken.  One notable thing about MexiCali burritos is that they tend to be a bit wet.  Due to the salsa and other ingredients you may be likely to have a small puddle resulting from the far end of the burrito as you eat it.  With that said, sometimes I really want a wet burrito, and off to MexiCali I go.
Recommend: Pollo y papas, chicken.
Avoid: "Tofu" -- if that is indeed your real name.The first time we went here, it was sometime around 7.  They were closed.  They don't close till 8:30.  So we came back a week later.  The burritos were cheap, but you get what you pay for.  They don't have a whole lot of flavor.  They're not really bad; it's just that there are way better options in Philly.  I don't know if there's much competition in UC for a casual take out burrito (it seems the good Mexican around here comes from lunch trucks), but if you have suggestions, pleast throw them my way.Damn good mexican food. Definitely recommend it for a quick bite.MexiCali is the proverbial apple in the Garden of Eden...you want it, but you know there are dire consequences for having it. For having "Cali" in its name, it's rather disappointing (because California has some dope ass Mexican food).
What I Ordered: Cheese Quesadilla. Nothing special. Literally tortilla and some shredded cheese. Extremely overpriced for what it is.
Verdict: The food is okay at best. The only reason I gave it three stars is because my roommate, ironically from L.A., claims they serve a pretty good burrito. Haven't tried, and I don't want to try. He might be delusional. Or hasn't tried the slice of heaven known as El Taurino/King Taco. Also, their service is a joke. The lady manning the cash register looked at me with disgust when I asked for some corn salsa on the side. Also, they have one cook. Orders get backlogged. Food takes foreverrrrrr to come out. So if you're feeling Mexican food while in Philadelphia, you'll be much more satisfied with Don Memo's Food Cart, or even (dare I say) Chipotle/Qdoba. I'd recommend to try it just to try it, but leave it at that. No gastronomic love affair stems from this place.Cheap and GOOD.
Their enchiladas are bangin' for $7 and it's so much food.
I accidentally ate all of it during my lunch break one day. That was a mistake. So full.
They usually make them with green sauce (which I'm still trying to figure out if it's tomatillo sauce. It's a little too spicy to be tomatillo, but I'm still not sure what it is). I had it with brown sauce one time, which I thought was mole, but again, apparently isn't. The brown sauce is not spicy, which I prefer.
I've never had the quesadillas, but I've only ever heard good things.
Their hours are strange, though. Sometimes they're open and if they don't feel like it, they're not.
I went in one day asking for a take out menu and the girl pointed to the wall where the menu was mounted so I said "No, I mean a take out menu that I can bring with me". She said "Online only".
This is not helpful for someone who does not have internet access at work.Best bang for your buck!  I was eating at the cart before I realized they had an actual brick and mortar establishment.  Both are great.  For a couple of bucks you get a fresh-made burrito with as little as rice and beans and as much as salsa, guacamole, tofu, plantains, whatever.  I'm a vegetarian, so I didn't notice the meat options, but I'm sure there are some.  This is my new go-to place for lunch!I'm not really sure what the hours are for this place.   They are open at random times.  Something tells me that this is a front for some money laundering scheme.  The burritos are huge, but the ingredients do not taste fresh.BEST BURRITOS IN UNIVERSITY CITY, HANDS DOWN!  AND THEY'RE NOT FROM A CHAIN! 
As if that doesn't sum up how I feel about MexiCali, might I add that the owner, Jane, is extremely friendly, personable, and accommodating when it comes to modifying menu selections to one's preference--beans and I are not friends, and I'm not a big fan of salsa, but my standard is a chicken or tofu burrito with rice and cheese, usually in a whole wheat tortilla.  Also planning to try the sweet potato and plantain burrito sometime soon.  Every single time it hits the spot, and for the size of the burrito, the price is definitely worth it!  How ironic that I recently reviewed both of the major Mexican restaurant chains in the neighborhood and thought I'd be returning to them often...then I tried MexiCali and that all changed...I've found my new go-to for burritos!Great deal for how delicious the burritos are. 
If you have the option to get chorizo, do it! It was delicious and perfectly spicy. As for the rest, service is fairly quick and the place is clean. Downsides I spotted: a few things listed on their menu were out of stock. Eh, minor infraction.Recently spotted a sign in the window announcing that MexiCali is up for sale.  This might be the end of an era...I've been eating at Mexicali since the late 90s when they were just a cramped food truck serving up fresh mexican goodness.  It's now 2012 and the same freshness,   tastiness, and uniqueness of their burritos still applies in their storefront.  Whether it's the steak fajita, tofu (best tofu burrito i've ever had), spinach, or sweet potato (get sour cream with this!), it's just delicious!  And the homemade whole wheat tortillas are great.
Great flavors and portions for a good price.  Do yourself a favor and eat here.This place is a solidly good, surprisingly authentic Mexican restaurant in an area that doesn't have that many Mexican options.  It's cheap, the food is simple but fresh and flavorful, and there are some decent options for salsa.  Service was very fast but the food was made to order and tasted great.
The salsas are as hot as they say...not weakened for American tastes.  The corn tortilla chips taste like they've been made from scratch, deep fried in corn oil and cooked till slightly toasty...if you're like me, you'll love the flavor of the chips.  They are robust!
The atmosphere in here is not much to be spoken for.  The serving size of the salsa is a little small for my taste (I'm a real salsa person) and they're a tad stingy on the salsa and charge for extra.  But besides that, not many complaints.  Convenient location though.When I moved to Philly about 8 months ago, Mexicali was one of the first restaurants that I gravitated to as a neighborhood choice. I had a few stand-by burrito places back in my old city, and Mexicali (at least initially) filled the need for a steaming bolus of cheese, rice, meats and what-have-you very nicely. They had warm, homemade tortillas, Jarritos (what's an Americanized Burrito place without Jarritos soda?), and idiosyncratic combinations like pork, plantains and sweet potato that, despite all odds, worked incredibly well.
Then, slowly but surely, a dark cloud of shit rained its contents down upon this small business so thoroughly that I will never come here again. First, it was the odd hours. Often I would tug my friends by the arm down Walnut street, eager to introduce a homemade tortilla, fried "chimichanga style" into their skeptical mouths only to find  "closed come back later" scrawled in black marker on a torn piece of paper in the doorway. This happened an alarming amount of times. 3:30 on a sunday? CLOSED. 6:00 on a Tuesday night? BAM CLOSED, FUCK You JEREMY.
Still, when I could get a burrito from this place, Mexicali delivered. That is, until they changed the menu. Gone were the quirky combos, gone was the beloved chimichanga style. In its place was the generic choose 3 ingredients model adopted by most chain burrito places across the country. The high quality ingredients were still there, but the resultant burritos were far less action-packed (i.e. had less stuff) than their ancestors. My excitement for Mexicali waned, but I still poked my sullen head in for a 'ritto another time or two.
The final nail in the coffin, not a week later, was the discontinuation of the homemade tortilla. The owner's (or at least I am assuming the incredibly defensive and unfriendly woman who fielded my concerns was the owner) reason? "Well, every other place in the city has store-bought tortillas." Mexicali, this is what made you stand out! Mexicali has removed almost every reason to choose it over Chipotle next door, and that is a sad sad thing.
I am definitely willing to go back to Mexicali if ever I hear that they went back to their old ways, but for now they have lost a formerly loyal customer entirely.Holy crap. I walk past this place a few times a week and we finally stopped in. Incredible.
The prices are pretty standard, definitely comparable to chain build-your-own. 3.95-6.95, I'm guessing. I got one right in the middle at 5.25, which was pretty average. BUT THE QUALITY IS NO CHEAPO STUFF.
First, the tortilla is made on site, and you can tell. The only time I've had a quality shell like that was LITERALLY IN MEXICO. I got the whole grain and it was incredible, with a little bit of singe taste on it. Also I got the guacamole with sour cream in it, which they charge extra for, but if you wanted salsa or guac or something on the side, DON'T PAY FOR IT. It says it costs extra, and they'll charge you if you say you want it on the side, but there's a complimentary salsa bar that has these things available. Just thought you should know.
The service wasn't impressive, but we didn't wait long for our food, and it was amazing food. AMAZING food. We were so glad to try out this gem at long last. Will be going back again and again.It's hard for me to give this place 3 stars. I want to give it more, and give it less at the same time. So we'll stick with a middle-of-the-road review for now.
Pros:
1. They have black beans now! Vegetarian, I believe (their pintos seem to be cooked in meat stock, which I think is made clear on the menu). I know other reviews have knocked their lack of black beans, but from the menu I saw, it seems they listen to customer suggestions/complaints which is always nice.
2. It's not a gross chain like Qdoba or Chipotle. Those have their time and place, sure, but now more than ever it's important to support local, independent businesses. The cashier was nice there, and our food arrived quickly, too.
3. Lots of vegetarian options-- I wasn't very hungry, but would love to try their sweet potato burrito or tofu burrito. 
Cons:
1. I shared the plain nachos with my boyfriend, and while he said he really liked them, I just...did not. The chips were a little too greasy and almost limp for me. I like them crispier or thicker. It is nice that they make their own chips, I guess, but I've had better homemade chips at other Mexican joints.
2. The seating isn't the most comfy or nice-looking. I sort of wanted to leave as soon as I sat down. But I guess if you're in a rush it's fine.
The prices are fair, and like I said, they do have lots of interesting options, so I might be back.Best burritos in University City. Good portions and unlike many other places where half of the burrito is basically rice, they give you a healthy portion of everything. It's delicious.to my mind, mexcali makes some of the most delicious (grilled!) burritos in philadelphia. i highly recommend the 'cali' -- tofu, spinach, and guac -- which will leave you more than satisfied. i have just one major 'beef': i wish this place was vegetarian. is that an unfair request? ok, yes it is. let me pose a more reasonable request: TRY KEEPING REGULAR BUSINESS HOURS. some of us suffer from deep cravings for your burritos and when we ride our bikes to your immaculately kept restaurant in west phila from center city, only to find you're closed at 2pm on a SATURDAY, we feel sorely let-down and...really hungry. you want us to go to chipotle or qdoba? no way.I hope I can update this review soon with better news, burrito lovers. 
What fellow Yelper Claude very accurately refers to as the "mercurial" nature of the owner of MexiCali has always been a bit of a challenge for MexiCali supporters like me, a die-hard since 2006. I thought the haters who complained about the odd hours, unexplained closings, weird menu strategies and so forth were just less interested in a great burrito than I was. I love a great burrito, and will put up with a lot to get it!
However, my most recent experience last week was just depressing. I was hoping for my old standby, a black bean burrito with plantains and guacamole. No more plain old black bean burrito on the menu, so I had to get a combination. No problem! Guacamole burrito it is. I even remember to say "to stay" before ordering to forestall that inevitable question. I get the bathroom key (locked to prevent non-paying customers from using it -- sort of understandable!) and read the proliferating signs about the salsa limits (take only a few! that means 2!). So far, only slightly annoying. 
Now, I knew we probably wouldn't be in for homemade tortillas. I've lived through several flip-flops in this policy -- once it was explained to me near the beginning of the school year that there are "too many customers" so they had to stop using homemade tortillas. Ok. No matter. But the burrito I got was nothing short of a travesty. Put together lumpily so that I started out with three or four bites of straight up rice, this was my first UN-toasted MexiCali burrito. Why oh why? The toasting was the best part! The cheese was cold, I tell you. Cold. Worst, the salsas were strange and watery -- the hot salsa's one attribute was wetness. I guess even with the strict two-salsa-per-customer limit the price of tomatoes and peppers is too high to make them taste like anything? 
I can't say I won't be back, because MexiCali is like that dreadful friend who nonetheless is incredibly fun two or three times a year. But I do wonder how in the world this place survives with such an attitude: The Customer Is A Major Inconvenience.Lousy burritos. In this part of the city there are burrito places galore. The best food truck is Tacos Don Memo. Qdoba and Chipotle are a stone's throw away. Why anyone would want to eat at this sub-standard place is beyond me. 
The ingredients don't taste fresh and the overall taste is very very mundane. I've been here twice and I decided the second time to confirm my suspicion by ordering two burritos without the rice. I wanted to taste through burritos without the rice so that I could get a better sense of its flavors. And yes, the burritos here are drab and flavorless.My husband and I are trying to find solid, wholesome and authenticate places to eat in Philly. Which is why I hopped on Yelp and decided on this place.
I don't know if it was because it was 7at night or what, but all the food was cold. I went in w/ a $20 and bought everything I could.
It did not taste authenticate to me at all. The refried beans tasted like canned beans, the rice had abosolutely no flavor and the burritos were slopped together like dog food. I was soooo disappointed, I really wanted to love it!
The SoCal burrito was ok, but that's because it was cold. If it were hot, I know it would have been good.I love to cook so when I went here, I felt like my brain was being bombarded with crazy foodie ideas. Yam and chicken in a crisp taco? GIMME NOW that heavenly portion the size of a prenatal infant which cost me 6.69. 
My friend got the Philadelphia burrito and he seemed to really enjoy it. Unfortunately, I made the poor boy look a little wimpy when I chomped down on mine in one sitting...
I am no Arnold, but I can say it gruffly, too: I'll be back.Good:
The Cali is possibly the best vegetarian or vegan burrito in University City (the tofu is a superb combination of crunchy and chewy, the spinach tasty, and the guacamole fresh)
Friendly/quick service
Convenient location
Not So Good:
Hot salsa not that spicy
A small Cali is still $5.59...a little steep
Hours are rather limitedOkay so first off the food here is amazing, just saying. BUT the owner is a jacka**. Completely. All I wanted was a quesadilla with beans on it, and the owner said "no we can't do that here," and when I asked him why I could not get beans on my quesadilla he replied "I could explain that to you but I don't want to... we don't have waitresses taking your customized order here." He said this in an extremely condescending tone and was extremely rude as well. I ended up canceling my order and will never go there again while he is there. I hope a better and nicer individual buys MexiCali from him.
Sincerely,
Disappointed Customer.I have to say.. The food ain't bad, it's just the owner is such a Nazi...I hate supporting them. Like the Seinfeld soup Nazi without the soup.. I wanted regular nachos with no meat but they woulnt hold the chicken.. Don't understand why.. They have a vege nacho plate but with spinach, plantain, and sweet potato. When I tried to order that they said they can't hold the weird stuff.. Idk what is wrong with these people. On a regular basis I've seen the owner run off people screaming.. Lol.only reason he in business still is location. Now he has a stone faced Asian girl with no personality doing his bidding.. Forget this place if ya can.smh..Persuaded to go by Mexican-cuisine enthusiasts, I decided to give Mexi Cali a try. I was sorely disappointed. First, atmosphere is very important to me and Mexi Cali did not have any. The plain tables and chairs with minimal decoration was just not working for me. 
Because I was wary about this place to begin with, I cautiously ordered the nachos. Big mistake. The tortillas were stale and none of the flavors melded. The cheese wasn't even all the way melted. I didn't know it was possible to have bad nachos until now. There are plenty of places to get good Mexican food in Philly... MexiCali is just not one of them.The underwhelming representation of Latinos in West Philly is disheartening, especially considering personally how much I love Mexican food. Are there any other Mexican places in West P? I have no interest in paying high prices at Distrito, and Taco Bell is to Mexican food as General Tso's is to Chinese food.
MexiCali has a modest menu. They offer burritos, nachos, enchiladas, tacos, and each item is customizable to taste. The portions are okay, but considering the prices, I expect a bit more. Their meat dishes could use a bit more seasoning on the carne. Otherwise, the food is alright, but there is certainly much better out there (El Azteca near Jefferson Hospital is a personal favorite). 
I wonder, though, about the staff. What nationality are you? No disrespect, I'm just curious about your ties to Mexican food if you're not Mexican. But hey, I've seen a Taco shop run by Asians in Virginia. And I'm sure if I ran a restaurant that wasn't soul food, people would be like "what the f" in the midst of their ignorance.
Service is prompt and you'll hear Spanish ballads playing in the background. The seating seems more appropriate for larger groups. Be warned though, if you get take-out, your food may be room temperature before you get home, because their food strangely doesn't come out very hot. 
Getting food at this place is like watching the MLS when you could be watching the Premiership. There's just better Mexican food out there. Let this be a last resort.Food truck at 38th/walnut:
- The lady is SO nice. She chats you up and sanitizes her hands, and puts on gloves when she makes your food (then takes them off when she handles money)
- I love that the truck offers classic, vegetarian, and combo (for all those big appetites) for you. Very vegan or vegetarian friendly.
- Affordable. I got greedy my first time here and got the Pollo y Papas, which has chicken, sweet potatoes, plaintains, cheese, beans, rice. OMG. Food coma. It was $5.25.
- The other burritos are $4something. Mmmmmm. 
This is definitely better than Tacos Don Memos. Nicer people. Better food. Better prices.Awesome gigantic burritos. If you want a burrito and are in west phila please don't go to Q doba. This place is half a block away and not flooded with Penn students.MexiCali is one of the better burrito places that I have been to in the city. I prefer it over the higher rated Jose's Taco's on 10th street in Center City. 
The ingredients are seasoned well and not too overpowering, but the best part of the burrito is the tortilla that they have. They use some sort of panini press to give the exterior a slight burnt texture and crunch and that really separates it from other places.I *love* the cart. You can't beat the prices (just $2.50 for vegetarian bean!), and the ingredients are fresh and delicious. The burritos have a great balance of rice/beans/cheese/whatever you ask for, and there are lots of yummy vegetarian options (sweet potato with roasted red pepper, plantain, tofu with spinach -- all are great!). 
The restaurant is also excellent. The burritos there are bigger (2 meals for me!) and slightly more expensive. They come in yummy homemade  flour tortillas. The owner also comes up with some interesting specials (seaweed, cucumber and apple salsa was great on tofu burrito...)  
The burritos are so delicious and varied that I haven't even bothered to try other menu options. This mom-and-pop place is much better than Chipotle and Qdoba.I loves me some MexiCali. I frequent both the truck at 38th and Walnut and the restaurant at 40th and Sansom. They used to own a truck on Spruce b/t 36th and 37th, but that's now "MexiPhilly" and under new management--that's probably what Jeremy L.'s review is talking about, because that's where Lucky's Spot is located, and MexiCali always has black beans.
The burritos are big and really good; the tofu and plaintains are especially great. It's very vegetarian-friendly (black beans are veg, pintos are in meat stock). I don't know what the hate on the restaurant is about; it's small and not attractive, but usually serves faster than the truck and gives the option between large and small (truck-size) burritos. They just revamped their menu as well, getting rid of the less-than-stellar nachos and tacos and adding more burrito options.
For "dining", go up the street to Distrito, but for big tasty cheap deliciousness, MexiCali is my go-to University City burrito shop.+++++Truck Review+++++
I asked for black beans in my burrito there - they said they didn't have those, just pinto. Pathetic.
For awhile I was considering quitting my job and running a cart called "FlexiCali", in which I would actually be considerate enough to stock a can of black beans. But then that other Mexican truck Lucky Spot opened up and that was much better anyway since they have the mole.Back to five stars, in spite of the mercurial owner's seeming attempts to drive away customers with his ever-changing menu and policies.  The pollo y papas continues to be the burrito of choice, and the shredded beef nachos are truly Heaven on the plate.  Slow-roasted beef served up like pulled pork, tender and flavorful without being overly salted or spiced, served atop corn chips that are cooked in canola oil but taste positively buttery.  Delicious food full of clean flavors for discerning palates.The enchiladas?  Gone.  The nachos?  Gone.
The food is as good as ever, but the loss of key menu items is frustrating.Best burrito in Philly.  Try the one that has some special marinated pork and plantains.  Amazing.  And cheap (definitely a  no-frills place).Been meaning to try this place since I moved to the hood. All I can say is, it was great! The service was quick. My friend got the chicken enchilada, which I sampled and it was very good and I had the spinach-red pepper quesadilla. Yum! I don't think I'll be going to Qdoba or Chipotle anymore. I prefer to patronize the hole-in-wall, Mom & Pop restaurants if this is the choice!Sadly, I had to dock MexiCali one star.
Recently, the mercurial owner imposed a $10 minimum on all credit card purchases.  The problem with this is that the average lunch at MexiCali (burrito and a beverage) is less than $10.  Those of you reading this are probably thinking, "No problem. Just add on a side of chips and salsa or guacamole."  However, the owner has REMOVED sides of chips and dips from the menu.  This means that the only way to make the $10 minimum is by purchasing a second beverage or a second burrito.
Of course, if two or more people are eating there together, they can pay for everything with one credit card and reimburse each other later, so that's not a problem.  But for anyone eating alone, this pretty much makes MexiCali a "cash only" establishment.
I suspect that this new policy was the result of a single run-in with a customer, and would not be surprised if the policy is discarded as suddenly as it was established.  Still, it's another level of crazy that will make me think twice before eating there because now I have to make sure that I have enough cash.
I wonder if the owner realizes that he alienates customers (and potential customers) with his bizarre rules (see below for other examples).  At least the food is still first-rate and, yes, the house-made tortillas are superb.
MexiCali offers a variety of burritos and other Mexican fare, all prepared simply but with lots of flavor.  They use whole roasted chicken instead of boneless, skinless breasts, so anything with chicken has an extra richness of flavor.  The guacamole has the right balance of creaminess and chunkiness, and you can still taste the avocado.  The salsas are made fresh and provide just the right accent.  I think that even the tortilla chips are made from scratch.  My favorite burritos are the Del Mar (generous portion of breaded and fried white fish) and the Pollo y Papas (roasted chicken, sweet potatoes and plantains).  Plus, the place is spotless and features an interesting mix of music.  I went there for lunch today, and have already decided to go back tomorrow.
That said, be forewarned that the owner is a bit, shall we say, idiosyncratic and is known to drop items from his menu for no apparent reason.  Also, if you're in the neighborhood, feeling peckish, and in the mood for chips and salsa or chips and guacamole, you'll be disappointed to find out that MexiCali will not sell you chips and salsa and/or guacamole unless you purchase a burrito.  Not only that, when placing your order, you have to ask for your burrito before you can ask for your chips, and you have to ask for them in the same order.  If you order a burrito, eat it and then decide you're still hungry and some chips and guac would taste good, you'll have to head over to Qdoba or Chipotle.
Still, MexiCali makes a delicious burrito that keeps me going back week after week.I've eaten at both the bricks and mortar shop and the lunch truck on 38th and Walnut. These are pretty much the only burritos I eat. Sure, Chipotle is just up the block, but why bother with those inflated prices? The quality of the Mexicali ingredients is superb - not once have I questioned whether my chicken was really chicken or dug in only to have gristle and fat meet my teeth. I've had consistently great experiences with the food here and find that both their meat and vegetarian options are equally delicious. Sometimes, a vegetarian options just means a weak assortment of peppers and onions or beans, but Mexicali provides a variety of options from tofu to plantains to sweet potato. Most options are around $4-5 for meat options and as low as around $2 for veggie options. Keep in mind these aren't skimpy portions either!I recently graduated from Penn and while I was there, Mexicali was my go to spot for lunch/dinner. There were weeks when I went every day and days when I went for all my waking meals.
You have the option of getting a small or large when you order a burrito, which I appreciate. They have a great variety of burritos to choose from, with ingredients as varied as sweet potato and as classic as guacamole (excellent, btw). I also enjoy their quesadillas a great deal and believe the quality of their ingredients, in any of their available forms, to be much higher than Qdoba or Chipotle, the other available burrito shops.
The owner, Richard, is a nice guy, though he can be a bit brusque. There is a certain amount of resentment there since the arrival of Chipotle and a subsequent (but I believe, unwarranted) drop in business.
All in all, Mexicali is a great spot for a delicious burrito which I endorse whole heartedly. Give it a try!I've been coming here for years now. I've always preferred their burritos to the fare at Chipotle et al, but now that they have started making their own tortillas they really separate themselves from the pack.
The burritos are delicious. There's a nice California kind of vibe to the place. They play a diversity of music but it's always interesting. Four stars.Well, I walked by today and MexiCali is closed for good.  The windows are covered with paper and the "Open" sign hangs unlit and cold.
I upped my rating to 5 stars in honor of the best that MexiCali had to offer -- the pollo y papas burrito, freshly-made salsas, guacamole that tasted of avocado, and that amazing shredded beef.Mexicali is my favorite Mexican restaurant in Philadelphia.  They have many vegetarian options (their sweet potato and plantain burrito is delicious!) and they have a variety of salsas to choose from.  Great for take-out and dining in and their prices are quite reasonable!  Highly recommended!Shockingly enough, the food isn't that bad here. It's next to impossible to get real, authentic Mexican anywhere outside of Mexico and maybe the Southern US, but Mexicali makes a valiant effort nonetheless. The prices are SO, SO right, too. I've never been disappointed here.A little expensive, but the place to go if you want to sit on a chair and eat Tex-Mex food that isn't produced by a major corporation. Yes, there are now two chain competitors in the area. Unlike the competition, which simply scoops pre-prepared ingredients into tortillas, MexiCali seems to cook everything fresh. This process is a bit slower, but in some way, it just seems more wholesome. Put your name on your receipt and throw it in the jar to try to win a free burrito!My friend who went to Haverford told me that when I move to Philly, I have to try the best burrito he's ever had in his life.  What a disappointment.  I've lived in southern California for 10 years and this is really not what I expect when I think of authentic and delicious Mexican food.  The burritos are clearly fresh but the strange sterility of the place, the slug-speed at which the cook moves, and the lack of flavor in my watery chicken burrito means I probably won't be back unless a lunchmate really want to go and I can't be bothered to convince him or her otherwise.  (Perhaps I should've doused my burrito in guacamole that they charge extra for or cheese??  Even with hot sauce, I didn't want to keep eating after eating half of it)  Perhaps it was just that day that was an anomaly because the cook was all by himself on a very busy weekday lunch hour.Germophobes, rejoice!  
The woman who works in the MexiCali truck has a big dispenser of hand sanitizer mounted on the wall, and she uses it scrupulously after each time she handles money.  It's a beautiful thing.
Oh, and the burritos are delicious, too.  The food is affordable, quick, and very vegan-friendly.
Note:  Some of the reviews for MexiCali seem to be about an actual restaurant, and some about a food truck.  My review is about the food truck, which is at 38th & Walnut.  Yelp gods, can you somehow make these into two separate listings?Solid Burrito's & Enchiladas. They usually have some rotating specials & occasionally grilled jalapeños. it is usually busy. There is a $10 Credit Card Minimum. 
A range of burritos that include plantains, various meats or vegetables make this place stand out.Back in my day on-campus, I came to MexiCali every now and then for a burrito or quesadilla. It's a small shop, and they take a little longer than I'd expect to prepare something for the go. That being said, the food itself is pretty decent - the food is hearty, and I'm a fan of the quesadillas - they certainly don't skimp on the cheese. However, compared to Taco Don Memo (or even Qdoba), the flavor is a bit on the plain side...they aren't terribly adventurous in the included spices unless you count the pico de gallo...which is standard. The prices are a bit cheaper than Qdoba though, which makes it more attractive when the DP isn't running the buy one, get one free coupons that were pretty much my favorite thing about the school newspaper on campus.
All in all, a solid place to pick up a bite, but it wasn't the place I was fondest about. With a Chipotle around as well now, there's even more competition afoot. I'd still stop by, though, if I went back for a visit.(sigh) He took the shredded beef off the menu.  The shredded beef that was truly addictive, visions of which danced in my head as I slept.  It is no more, and I mourn its passing.  The remaining selections are as good as ever, but knowing that I will never taste that incredible shredded beef again makes me weep.Pretty Clean, the product is so so , tofu is not that great. everyone is pretty nice, its always quiet and pretty clean in there, service is faaassstt.. prices aren't bad. I grew up in southern California, I just want one place that is legit.. seriously legit. This place is cool just doesn't cut my mustard. I love mustard.I would give them five stars for their food but they're getting one for their service. I can't tell you how many times I have been reduced to near tears when I foolishly call in during their, oh, you know, HOURS OF OPERATION, craving a burrito fix, to find that they took off early or decided not to open for the day. Tonight I called in a full two hours before they were set to close and the jerk answered the phone, "Mexicali! We're closed!" I said "I thought you were open til 9?" He goes, "Not tonight!" Why bother answering the phone then?? I'm done with these people. I HATE YOU MEXICALI.This was a food cart converted to a restaurant. I think they did better as a cart, personally, but the owners seemed happy when we talked to them.
They have a very decent burrito. Second on the campus, I think, to the cart in front of the Quad entry.
Their space is a bit plain and small, but that's their specialty. I can't pull myself away to try other foods, although I hear they're decent. Definitely vegetarian-friendly, they asked if we could have meat when we ordered.I went here on a blustery April day, for a warm and spicy burrito. I'd been going to Mexicali's food cart for 5 years, and I've only recently started hitting the local restaurant spin-off. 
It's nice to see this place thriving, because it has to contend with two other burrito hotspots within a few minutes walk. The owner has certainly worked out a good system for taking orders. You ask for your burrito, pay for the burrito, and take a number. After three orders have been taken, the person at the register doles out the past three orders. They keep the burritos flying at a rapid pace. I was able to get in line behind 10 burrito orders and I only had a 15 minute wait.  That's completely acceptable, and actually pretty amazing.
I ordered a spinach burrito with added sweet potato, hot. One of the perks of the restaurant versus the food-cart is that now you can ask for a whole wheat tortilla. The tortilla is nice, fresh, and leaves me feeling less pain about my carb intake because it's whole grain. The hot salsa is not overly hot, which works for me. The cheese is wonderfully melty. All told, this was a $6 burrito, which left me very satisfied. 
I also highly recommend the Mexi which has pulled pork, plantains and sour cream. But that's for another day, when I can stand to gain a pound or two.Shortly after moving to Philly, the MexiCali truck quickly became one of my favorite lunch options. I like that they have a whole range of burrito fillings, many of them vegetarian. I'd especially recommend the sweet potato burrito - it has a good combination of sweet and savory flavors and my guess is that it's pretty nutritious as well. 
I wouldn't go to MexiCali expecting anything authentically Mexican or Californian, but for what it is, it's damn tasty. Plus, it's dirt cheap and the woman who works at the lunch truck is always so nice and cheerful.These burritos are fine. There's a great vegetarian selection with guaranteed vegetarian beans and other kooky combos. Plus, they include rice, but in a reasonably proportionate amount, unlike the two burrito chains only one block away in either direction. However, I don't know what's up with the salsa? I asked for the hot variety, and it tasted like there wasn't even any at all on my burrito? If I hadn't ordered take-out, I would have gone to the counter about that one. Prices are good. We ordered four burritos for $21 total. In the end, it's not the best quick bite in the area, but it's also not the worst.I love this place. It's definitely my favorite in the area. I always choose the guac burrito, my partner always chooses the Cali. Yum!Spinach burrito w/ guacamole delish!!!! The Cali ( just like the above +tofu) also delish ... I'm salivating thinking about this omg .. Thank goodness they close early and are not open Sundays or else I'd be needing new jeans in a larger size !!Food is warm at best and the flavor was bland. I could barely tell the beef from the chicken. I should have just gotten tofu. The tables and chairs were uncomfortable and unstable; I rocked back and forth in my chair the whole meal. The music was bad and frequently skipped in the middle of the song. The services was fine until who I assume was the owner came out yelling at a customer, which the customer colorfully replied, "Jackass". After the customer had left, he then proceeded to return to the back room, a few minutes later he slammed a flat pan on the counter behind the cashier and started to yell at her, saying something about "No smiling, No thank you, I'm watching you," pointing at his cameras. The cashier then put down her head and proceeded to wait on everyone, with no emotion. I felt bad for her. I tried to give a tip; to cheer her up, but was quickly declined, saying she was unable to receive tips. This place looked more like a slave camp then a restaurant; it should have had bars on the windows. I won't be going there again, but my heart can't help but to go out to that girl.I used to love this place. I frequented it at least once a week, but then they changed their menu and then got rid of homemade tortillas. The homemade tortillas really made the burrito and separated this place from all the chain burrito restaurants in the area. It's really sad to see an independent authentic place fall to cost-cutting measures that lessen the integrity of the food. I would much prefer quality over quantity and would not object if the prices were raised. Instead they have completely rid themselves of all that made them unique and delicious and I will not visiting this restaurant anymore.I'm reluctantly writing an update to my review, as the first one I wrote in a fit of anger. When Mexicali is good it's REALLY GOOD but unfortunately the menu, hours, and quality are still inconsistent. Two weeks ago I ordered a Cali burrito and it was aces. One week ago I ordered a Cali burrito and it was close to closing time and barely had any guac (I'm assuming they were running out) and contained way too much rice. I guess they don't care so much about consistency since most of their clientele are college kids who are too dumb to know better and have high customer turnover.I had plans to meet a friend for dinner at MexiCali tonight, and all day the only thing I could think about was their enchiladas. 
I love those enchiladas! I know they may not be the most authentic, but they sure are delicious. After a very taxing bike ride home in the rain, I was even more excited to reward myself with said enchiladas. 
THEY DON'T HAVE ENCHILADAS ANYMORE. 
Apparently, they've been off the menu since before Christmas, and may be coming back soon. WUT.
Instead I got some burrito with the usual fixings: guac, salsa, chicken, cheese. But, this particular burrito also came with french fries inside.  Weird.This place is pretty good.  Last time I was there I got one of their "classic burritos" and was a little disappointed in the lack of flavor, so this time I got a fancy one... The SanDiego.  I was sort of scared of the idea of french fries in a burrito, but it was pretty damn tasty... and huge.  They have a small but good selection of hot sauces to try, and they have Jarritos soda, which is a plus for me.  Both cost me $9 and change.  I had heard negative stories about the lady behind the counter, but I went in with a smile and she was cool... Smiling too and friendly.  I'll be going back.
If I had to critique them in some way, I would say they could stand to put more meat in the burritos, and season them up a little more.
3 stars for being not absolutely amazing, but solid enough to go back.San Diego Chicken with hot salsa is good (though the salsa isn't hot).  Meals take a while to come out, so be prepared to wait longer than you think you should.This little shop made my day! Many options for the vegan/veggie inclined, many for those who love meat. Their corn taco tortillas were superb and allowed my gluten-free friend to enjoy herself, too. They have a salsa bar -- genius.
God awful music over the speakers, i'm glad the food was so good!Just get the MEXI BURRITO.  It's not that Mexican but it's really really good.  I've tried some other stuff, but I think I'll just stick with the Mexi from here on out.  Oh my goodness. The small is PLENTY big and it's cheap. LOVE!Mexicali used to be my lunchtime staple.  I would eat there at least 2-3 times a week.  Over the last few months they have made some changes that have caused me to never go back.  First, they changed the menu.  No more chimichanga style, no more sweet potato and plantain burrito, and no more egg and potato burrito.  Extremely disappointing, but something I learned to deal with.  Then one day in February, I noticed that my tortilla seemed like it hadn't been homemade, but I decided maybe it was an off day and ignored it.  A few days later, my tortilla was definitely not  homemade and I asked the owner(?) about it.  She said they stopped making homemade tortillas because there wasn't enough support and that no other burrito place in the city makes their own.  But the tortillas are what set mexicali apart!  They are the reason I always chose mexicali over any other burrito place.  Mexicali has betrayed me.I'd love to give this place 5 stars, but the timings are incredibly erratic. You simply cannot count on this place being open when you need it to. 
That said, burritos are delicious, and in my opinion, much more flavorful than Chipotle. 
They're  bit stingy with their sauces, salsas, but overall, just some of the best food you can get on campus, period. 
I recommend the Spinach Burrito in a Whole Wheat Wrap.I ate at Mexicali for the first time about two weeks ago. It's a real shame that I hadn't sampled their food before, having lived in West Philly for over two years. I ordered the Cali burrito and added the sweet potatoes, which I am convinced made the burrito even more super delicious. My only complaint is that Mexicali closes at 8pm and the staff tries to get you out of there even earlier by rudely putting chairs up on tables around you while you are sitting there simply trying to enjoy your meal. They started "closing down" around 7:30-7:45. Not a good way to run your restaurant, folks.+++++ Truck Review++++++++
MMMM Burritos that are super-vegi friendly! They have great combos, including roasted vegis, spinach, fresh avocado, and even tofu! Each burrito is even grilled, which just increases amazing flavor - it must be the texture! I usually get mine without the rice, otherwise it's just to much food, but like to add in a little something special, like sweet potatoes, roasted peppers, and extra hot hot sauce.This review is for the food truck (which parks on the corner of 38th and Walnut opposite Huntsman Hall) - can't really comment on the restaurant.
As a Penn student, burritos are a staple of my lunch repertoire. I have tried all of the burrito trucks numerous times (MexiCali, Lucky's, Mexi Philly) and I firmly believe that MexiCali is the winner for the following reasons:
-Quality of ingredients: The meats and other fillings used at MexiCali are consistently tasty and fresh. I've had some experiences with funky chicken from Lucky's that has turned me off.
-Tastiness: Probably as a result of my first point, MexiCali's burritos are more flavorful than the others. I really like the multiple salsas (Lucky's....you need to step up your salsa game - even Mexi Philly offers choices). The meats are either shredded or stewed and have a lot of flavor. 
-Consistently crunchy: One of my major pet peeves is a burrito that is insufficiently grilled. Just thinking about it makes me unhappy. But MexiCali is very consistent in giving me a well-pressed burrito. Kudos.
-Lady who works there: She is a sweetheart. 
Downsides (there are few):
-Not always there: Sometimes I'll go over there and the cart is nowhere to be found. Those are sad days.
-Drippage: These burritos can be messy. You have to develop your burrito eating technique....otherwise, stains for you.
Seriously, if you're around Penn and in the mood for a quick burrito, hit this cart up. It is solid. 'Nuff said.I love MexiCali; whenever I try a burrito anywhere else I just compare it to here and it doesn't match up.  I was actually just in the MIssion district of San Francisco which is known for its burritos, and I prefer MexiCali's to any of the ones I had there. 
My favorite is black bean with plantains - vegetarian and delicious and cheap!  And I love that they grill the burrito, makes it so amazing!Black bean burrito--
Dude where are the veggies? Where's that Salsa? ...food really tasted kinda bland...had to order a side of guacamole to gulp that thing down!The burritos here are so good because they are crafted as if they were sushi rolls: the ingredients are very fresh, perfectly proportioned, perfectly distributed, nice to look at, individually distinguishable, and tastier together than they would be alone. Thankfully, you would never want to take your chances with sushi this cheap, but this these are exactly the prices you want to pay for a burrito lunch.
The maybe slightly misleading thing about the fantastic burritos here is that Mexicali is way more Cali than Mexi. The burrito fillings are pretty interesting (e.g., sweet potato and roasted pepper) but not much like what you find in most U.S. Mexican places that seem like they're actually serving food that people from Mexico eat.Pretty decent burrito place. Went there for lunch with 2 other friends. We were the only ones there on a Friday afternoon. The food is cheap and portion is good. They have Mexican soda as well which was great.This is a great place to grab a quick lunch. The burritos are the size of small infants, and will definitely fill you up. Last time I went I got the special which was chicken with eggplant and beans and rice and it was delicious. My only complaint is the mirror on the wall. I prefer to not watch myself eat, especially when I am eating 3 times a normal human portion.Great in truck form, In store front form not so much. So I'm pretty much basing this review on the burrito truck awesomeness!
Friendly Spanish women walking me through all the incredible burrito contents is enough to make me happy when it doesn't offer too many contents. But when you toss in things like plantains, spicy chicken, guacamole, and multiple beans it gets me giddy with joy. These burrito trucks definitely know how to pound out an inexpensive burrito that's big on contents! and it dishes out some solid veggie options too!
Maria's right too. Be prepared to order fast during lunch rush. Or else be prepared to have me bowl you over for plantains. fair warning.