Good quality food, pretty cheap, free guac, free chips and salsa. Desserts are also great. But if you want to listen too a bunch of white people who know "real" Mexican food complain about how this Mexican family doesn't make real Mexican food--see one star reviews below.There are a lot of good things about Mi Puebla, first and foremost the friendly  and attentive service. The people who work/own the place are always nice and welcoming. The atmosphere is comfortable and casual, and it's a BYO.
I get takeout more than I dine in here, most often just for the tortilla soup. Damn is their tortilla soup good. Highly recommended.
Their vast array of desserts in the front display case must not be missed. I mean it when I say that the best cheesecake I've ever eaten in my life comes from this place. No exaggeration. So creamy and simple and perfect.I am a huge fan and frequent Mi Puebla.  I live in the neighborhood and not only is it convenient and consistent, it's inexpensive as well.  I have read some people complain that the food is bland.  Typically Mexican food is served they way they serve it; always fresh, but you add the hot sauce to your taste.  There is a selection of hot sauces on your table to choose from including habanero sauce. As I said, the food is always fresh.  Always consistent.  Attached to the restaurant is their bakery which offers incredible, delicious choices of pies, cakes, brownies, flan, etc.  All made in-house.  The service is typically fast and friendly.  I highly recommend this place for a fast, inexpensive, family friendly choice.  Oh, it's also BYOB!Ordered and had delivered.  Beef tacos were pretty good and priced relatively cheaply.  The nacho plate was pretty bland though; I'll skip those in the future.  Ordered some chips to go with my order and they were mostly unsalted and some were over-cooked.  Wife enjoyed her quesadilla.  Just an okay experience today (my first) but I'll probably try them again.I had a quesadilla and was sure I wouldn't be dissappointed because it's such a simple recipe.  A great tasting meal that you can hold in your hand and eat like a pizza.  Unfortunately, this place decided that two tortillas with melted cheese and meat inside was not good enough.  They decided to give me a tortilla with onions and potatoes and some other stuff that shouldn't be there and fold it.  The cheese was melted on the outside and the whole plate just looked a mess.  I was a little intrigued as I'd never had anything like it so I took a bite and was immediately disappointed.  Perhaps I'll go back one day and try a taco or burrito and like it and raise the star rating, but as it stands I can't recommend this place to anyone.This place is great.  The food is fresh and healthy and the menu is extensive.  It is a great place to bring kids, but certainly not a restaurant just for kids.  The staff is friendly.  I'm so glad that Mi Puebla is in our neighborhood.Terrible experience, terrible service, mediocre food, when it finally came out of the overwhelmed kitchen. Might be worth having staff to operate and take care of the customers. Food was below par,  poorly spiced, and flavorless. They did not have our top three choices available. Never again, way to many other places to enjoy.I was pretty disappointed by this place. The food is unremarkable and often bland, and the service is slow. The prices aren't bad and the seating is pretty good, but it's a very miss-able spot.Gave this place 2 stars only because the food came out in 10 minutes .ordered a shrimp burrito . Food was bland . Burrito  only consisted of shrimp,yellow rice and pinto beans . Rice tasted like yellow rice out of the box, only came with a tiny size guacamole . Guac was good . Feel like i only ate rice and a wrap.  I will not be going back . Very disappointed .food was reasonably pricedI used to work in the area, and eating lunch here is one of the things I miss the most, so the other night my husband and some friends had dinner there.  I grew up with San Antonio Tex Mex, which this is not (I asked when they first opened, and the people are from central Mexico), but I like their style.  My favorites are the salmon quesadilla and the swordfish tacos.  They also do a nice mango salsa that comes on a lot of the plates. I wish it was closer, because I haven't found any fish tacos yet in my quest to try all the Mexican restaurants out in my area. 
Service has always been excellent.  It is a byob.  Our friends brought a bottle of wine, and they brought out glasses without being asked, and opened the wine for us.I was so excited when I moved the neighborhood to be so close to a big Mexican restaurant. The people there are nice, and the menu has a lot of great sounding dishes, but having gone 5 times now, it's simple underwhelming every single time. Also, some of the blandest chorizo I've ever encountered. If everything was 2/3 the price I could give it another star, I suppose, but it's a shame that the only Mexican place (seemingly) on this entire side of the city is so totally boring.All of the food was delicious and the servings were perfect and even being out of my way I might plan on making this a weekly breakfast spot. In addition the coffee was well made and brought back memories of a wonderful restaurant I used to frequent.I can only speak for what I've had. My partner really enjoyed her veggie enchiladas! But for me, I got a chicken burrito. No modifications, but I did ask for extra cheese... when it arrived, it was already missing the 'mango salsa' meant to come on the side which was no big deal for me since I barely use it anyway.  Then, the first bite... I was immediately taken aback by how dry, plain, and tasteless it was. I mean it really didn't taste like any burrito I have ever had.  I looked inside and saw that the chicken was literally not seasoned at all, there was a few random peas sprinkled in (which like.. why?) and there was barely any cheese... which I wouldn't mind if I hadn't literally asked for extra cheese? All in all... I took a second bite hoping my opinion would change, but ended up spitting that bite into a napkin.  Also, I know it's not fine dining, but the fact that the waitress didn't think to ask like, "hey, is the food alright?" When she noticed I had barely touched it kind off ruffled my feathers.I had an inconsistent experience here.
It took quite a while after being seated for anyone to come take our order, which was unfortunate because the humidity in the restaurant was stifling. We were brought complimentary salsa with some ridiculously stale chips. My friend and I split a caesar salad, and it was the first caesar salad I've ever had that tasted like straight-up tuna salad. It was SUPER fishy. Both my friend and I ordered quesadillas, and they were actually pretty good - melty cheese, roasted veggies and guac on the side. 
Not the worst Mexican I've had, but you can do better.I got takeout from this place because menupages listed my favorite Mexican dish (camarones a la diabla) at $10.  I was surprised when I got to the restaurant and saw it listed at $14.  Nevertheless I decided to get it.  In terms of the ambiance, I was there early Friday evening and the place was dead.  I would strongly recommend getting take out if you're inclined to eat here.  Overall my dish was pretty bland and definitely not worth the price.  I doubt I'll be going back.Me and my friends went here because we were in the area and hungry for lunch. It wasn't our first choice but we were short on time and it was dead inside whereas another place we tried had a 35 min wait. The food was okay, nothing extraordinary and nothing I'd go out of my way to have. However, the prices were good, it wasn't crowded, and it's BYOB with a liquor store right across the street. So even though it wasn't amazing I'd go back again if I was in the area.Went for brunch last week and had the crabcake omelette which was DELICIOUS! This is one of my favorite places to get takeout.I've been making it a regular habit to have lunch at Puebla once a month, early, right when they open. We tend to eat the same thing each time - guacamole, pork quesadilla, and I usually get a grilled chicken dish. Always fresh, prepared well, very tasty. I don't like their mole recipe, but yes, I'd recommend Puebla to anyone.Large authentic menu with traditional, healthy and veggie options all well executed. Friendly service. Best flan anywhere. Not fancy, and quite a kitschy  decor, but I plan to come back soon with friends. Doesn't hurt that the prices are reasonable and it's a byob.The owner, Placido, has created a strange menu mixing dishes from his home in Mexico with semi-gourmet American dishes he learned at Roller's. And her serves all the great cakes and pies that Roller took with him from Frog/Commissary. I usually just go in for carrot cake, pecan pie, key lime pie, etc but the food is very good, even if it is not as authentically Mexican as the guys who cook it. And unlike Roller, they now take credit cards.I love this place! I usually get their veggie tacos for dinner and order more for lunch the next day. They're friendly and the food is inexpensive.This small restaurant has the best service, desserts, and prices in Mount Airy. BYOB with no extra charge and the pies are superb. The enchiladas keep me back again and again.I've been here a few occasions for lunch while out on the job.  If you want a hearty quick Mexican meal that is inexpensive, then you've come to the right place.
The complementary chips and salsa are really good.  The salsa is mostly chunks of diced vegetables.  I've never gone wrong with a side of guacamole ($2/$4) which is a bit on the small side.
I usually get the pork tacos which come in a set of 3.  A little too much cilantro, but very good for me and I like that they give 2 ramekins of spicy sauces to try out - a green and a red one with both being very good and spicy hot!  My guest had the chicken which she liked but did not realize they came in a corn based soft shell which she was not too fond of.
Overall, I do like Mi Puebla.  I've never seen it too crowded, but I also have never seen it empty so that should tell you something!Ate here with the in-laws while out house-hunting. Decent mex, at pretty reasonable prices. Mole sauce superb, as are the salads. Dinged for not having several dishes listed on menu, for forgetting one order (at a table of 4), and for using flour instead of corn tortillas (explicitly ordered).I had the shrimp burrito, which was good but I do wish it had some lettuce, tomatoes, etc.  I did ask for light cheese and no sour cream, so it was a bit bland.  It was basically rice, beans, and shrimp.  The actual tortilla was yummy.  My very favorite part was the guacamole.  It was amazing!  It was so fresh and zesty.  I asked for more, and they didn't charge me for it.  I will go back just for that!I've eaten here for lunch, Father's Day brunch (free margaritas!), dinner, and take out. Everything they make is very tasty, and you get a lot for the low prices. BYOB if you eat in which makes it even cheaper. Unfortunately, no delivery but maybe that's a good thing because I would be even fatter :)I ordered take-out. Their flautas don't look like those I've seen in other cities, and you only get three.  The food was fresh enough, but lacking in flavor.  However, I appreciated the number of sauces and the guac provided.  The rice felt like an afterthought.I love this place!!!!!!!  I've been here twice and had the tilapia tacos. The first time I went, I thought the taco was out of this world! The second time.... not so much.  It tasted bland, and like not much effort (or seasoning) was put into it.  So, my opinion is that they can really cook here, but they have off-days depending on how crowded it is.  I enjoyed that first taco so much that I'm willing to keep going there.  
The pastries are sooo good! Both times I had a perfect apricot tart.  This will be a place I go to often.The average 3 star rating for this place is right on, I think.  The food is fairly priced, comes quickly, and tastes like food does in Mexico. The menu is fairly representative of common Mexican cuisine, although it has been Americanized somewhat.I had the displeasure of having the most flavorless nachos! The salsa was bland, the veggie chilli that topped my nachos was also bland, the only good thing about the nachos was the guac and I didn't even really like that because it had green peppers in it!The food is good. The salsa is fresh and the guacamole is perfection. I had the chicken chimichanga. It was so delicious !!! Smoky and crispy.....I'm going to try brunch and if it's what I think it will be... then up to 5 stars!!!!Solid food, good variety, a little over priced.I'm addicted to the crab burrito with the mango salsa and I've gotten plenty of friends to get addicted too. My second fav is definitely the chicken tortilla soup but be careful cause its super hot!!! I also enjoy the pork tacos. I have haven't gotten anything from the bakery that I didn't like but when the ginger bread is there get it and don't forget to get some whipped cream with it. 
Added bonus is that the place is spic and span and you can see them making your food (always a plus)!!it was very average. the atmosphere is child friendly and its good to see mexican actually cooking the food and running things but the food itself was meh. i'd rather travel father than my neighborhood for some great food than stay nearby for thisBland, boring and overpriced.  I've gone there multiple times with hopes things change over time and always get disappointed.Wow! What a great place. It is no frills, but that leaves the emphasis on the food. They really should consider dimming the lighting for a little more intimacy. 
Great food, great price, love a good BYOB!Had a chicken burrito here and it was one of the foulest things to ever hit my mouth. They have an extensive menu which reads like they need a visit from Gordon Ramsey. Look for Mi Puebla to be on Kitchen Nightmares sometime soon.Unpretentious and delicious. That sums up the dining experience at Mi Puebla. From the salsa to the entree the food was very good indeed. Classic Mexican and nothing more and that's the way it should be.Service is good an friendly. 
The frittata with chorizo was great, and so did the coffee. 
We were looking for a place in the neighborhood to have brunch with our 2 kids, and this place was great.sorry-the people are really nice and I love to support local businesses,but the food...it's just buh-landSolid Mexican especially the basics!  Guacamole is super fresh and get the sliced avocado to add in your taco!  Quesadillas are also good - get veggie and chicken!
Relaxed atmosphere is great for kids.Pretty solid Mexican style dishes cooked in a home kitchen style.  The food doesn't bowl you over with flavor or presentation but still far out strips the Taco Bell's of the world.I ordered online (without entering credit card data) and pick it up in 10 minutes. My order was ready and hot. Included was everything necessary, all utensils, extra napkins, guacamole, salsa tomate, sour cream, their mango salsa and a salad. It was a little on the pricey side, but it's a small local business worth paying a little more to assure they're open in the future. I ordered the Chicken Tomatillo Chimichanga and it came stuffed with chicken and covered in cheese. I liked the food and LOVED the fact I could order online without fingerprints,  and pick it up hassle free.Although the dining area of this Mexican establishment was on the smallish size (8 tables for 4, 4 tables for 2), the area was well lit, brightly -- not garishly -- painted and extremely clean. The large, floor to ceiling windows add to a spacious feel.
The service was extremely prompt. Chips and a fresh, home-made bowl of Salsa swiftly settled in front of me, followed in minutes by a menu and in a short while a waitress waiting for my order. Prompt, not pushy, and pleasantly professional, from the maitre d' to the salsa-bringer to the waitress, all were soft-spoken, efficient, reserved, but not unfriendly.
I ordered the mole pablano platter, which included a leg and a breast cooked thoroughly and very moist. The mole sauce had just the right touch of bitterness underlying a rich, chocolate-like texture. The reddish-brown background of well-cooked beans maintained a memory of firmness; the foundation of rice  was moist and clumpy. 
The overall flavor was fresh and quite tasteful. Not too spicy; not too salty. The portions were fine, but I'd have preferred more beans and maybe a cup more rice. 
For dessert, I ordered a cup of decaf (sorry, gotta watch the heart condition! ) and a slice of chocolate mousse cake (Hey, I ain't watchin' that much. A guy's gotta live a little!)  The cake was made on the premises (in the Pasteleria mentioned in the name) and was irresistable: reality approaching imagination! The whipped cream (ah! to heck with the heart condition!) was airy and not too sweet and I believe was home-made as well. Unfortunately, this heavenly rendition was slightly marred by the tastelessness of the coffee.
The pasteleria does double duty as a take-out counter; I'm not sure if the entire menu is available for take-out.
The bill for this enjoyable, fresh, authentic course was under $20.00. I recommend you try it.Pretty sorry for those who actually are familiar with good Mexican food. The tamales were way below the quality you would get from Trader Joe's, and we're  $13 for two. No refried beans, less than average salsas.   No carnitas, al pastor or mole.  I realize this is Philly and not Los Angeles,  but there is better and cheaper Mexican food in Birmingham Alabama.Great atmosphere and great quick service. A nice spot to stop and get some authentic mexican food. The menu had great variety of options. The plates are a little towards the larger side. We all enjoyed the nachos,chicken quesidilla and chicken flautas. There is even a vegetarian part of the menu and one of us ordered the veggie burrito and really enjoyed it!I have lived in the neighborhood for a few years now and for some reason just got around to trying this place. It was extra busy, because of Supper Sessions on the Avenue so I feel I should probably come back again and update this review.
We were seated quickly and the wait service was good. I ordered the pork tacos and my husband had the pork burrito. Food was tasty, but both orders of pork were very dry. A couple next to us both had fajitas which looked excellent. 
Overall the experience was just ok.¡no bueno! The food is bland, and it's not even worth the amount you would pay at Taco Bell.  I've had my share of commercial and authentic Mexican food, and it was just BAD.  The guac was meh, but I won't be coming back.Best quesadilla I ever had! Service was fast and great!! Quiet and clean location & restaurant! We definitely come back soon for more!!Mi Puebla is a longtime Mexican restaurant in the heart of Mt. Airy's main shopping district.  I have never thought of it as spectacular or a must-eat-at place because it isn't.  But it's reliable, food is good and well prepared, and it is fairly priced.  Service is always friendly but sometimes the kitchen can run a little slow as it cooks most of the food to order.  I was with a large party so that was the case.  But my meal when it did arrive of Loma Camotero with quesillo, shallots, mango salsa, pinto beans, and salad was very tasty.  I wouldn't travel miles to eat here ... but if you're in the neighborhood, I think you will def be pleased with your meal!Went here for lunch one Saturday. Ordered a chicken cesar salad which was absolutely delicious. 'Oven tomatoes' are just baked tomatoes. Salad had a mexican twist to it. Everyone in my party loved their dish. The chorizo quesadilla looked amazing!the food hardly tastes like mexican food.  this food is so bland i thought it was a waist of calories to take in and i am not even a calorie conscious person.  i don't think they believe in spices.  the beans taste like they came right out of the can and onto your plate.  the guacamole has no flavor whatsoever.  the salsa is just as flavorless.  if you are looking for bland, you have come to the right place.  i have no idea how they stay in business, i never see more than two tables in there at a time.  i think the owner is convinced if he really made the food taste authentically mexican he would scare all the  mt. airy folks away.  well, he scared this one away for the last time!  it's just an awful simulation of "authentic" mexican food!Love the Caesar salad with shrimp, and the carribean pasta dish!! Their crab and asparagus soup is also amazing. They make these oven roasted tomatoes that are to die for-- I always order extra. They also bake their own goodies and many of them are delicious. The cooler full of down home Mexican drinks is also a super cute touch. Eat in or take out, this is a definite go-to for me!Overall great experience. Reasonably priced food, accommodating wait staff, and comfortable atmosphere.I had to write review in favor of this place. I bought a home in the area recently after living in University City for years and must say that its refreshing to have this alternative in the neighborhood! We have enough Irish pubs and "Asian-fusion-you name-its" in Philadelphia :P 
The food is authentic and the service always friendly and understated. And the bakery is AMAZING. I will admit that the decor is on the tacky side of kitschy...but it makes the experience fun. You also can't go wrong with Brunch here.Used to go here often when lived in the neighborhood.
Chips, salsa and guac all very good.
Some of the food can be bland, as other reviewers have mentioned.
The vegetable quesadillas are good, very tasty.  
The desserts are all home made there and great!Very nice waiter! My friend and I ordered the crab burrito and flounder. Both were equally delicious and of good portion! Somehow, my friend and I managed to have room for dessert! We ordered the most moist carrot cake! My friend frequents this restaurant and I will certainly be in tow with her every time!As some reviewers have mentioned, the food here is pretty bland. I like to amuse myself by thinking that the chef(s) had some kind of tastebud accident that left them with extra sensitive super tasting abilities which would explain  a lot. 
I've eaten dinner here plenty of times because I am DYING for good Mexican in NW Philly...this is not it. It's OK Mexican. People are nice, portions are decent. Pork burrito and the marisco business they have going on are exceptions to the 'bland' tag. 
Now I want to cover Sunday brunch. I've only done it once because I don't like going anywhere Sunday mornings (reason 401 why I won't be raptured this coming 5/21/11) and I have to say it was pretty freaking amazing. I would have to try it again (it's been a few months) prior to giving my highest recommendation, but if memory serves, it was pretty darn good.Mini-review  based on only one to-go item:
My beef burrito with no extras and no drink came to $11.  I love good burritos, so if I could find a tasty one around here, I'd gladly pay that much.  It was big, but contained nothing but unseasoned meat, beans and rice.  As bland as the Midwest. Filling but not satisfying. Boo.Overall, very good food. Definitely inconsistent though. I've stopped going there as often as I used to because of that reason.  Seafood Risotto is great depending who makes it. Betabel salad is fabulous. Quesadillas are always great. The pricing is also inconsistent, which can be frustrating. Good food though!!Nothing fancy here, just tasty food at good prices. I'm so fortunate to live within walking distance of this place! I LOVE their mole. It's made fresh in house, and I know this because one day I went for an early dinner and it wasn't ready yet! That was disappointing, but I was thrilled to know it was homemade. The mango salsa that comes with many items is also a winner. 
You can grab dessert anytime at the counter. Their baked goods are delicious and very reasonably priced!I like Mexican food alot but living in Wyncote, there's not a lot of Mexican choices except something like Chili's which we know is not real mexican food.
The place is a decent mexican restaurant. I don't love it but I don't think it's horrible. I had the pork tacos and they were decent. They serve alright chips and salsa as standard. It's great for the area cause you can't find  another mexican place unless you drive a respectable distance. 
Bottom line, would I go back to this place. Yes, it's convenient and would satisfy a mexican food craving were there to be one.I have a bone to pick with the reviewer who said that this place would satisfy a craving for Mexican food. There is a certain minimum flavor threshold that food has got to cross in order to qualify for the label, and the meals I've received here do not make the cut. 
It's not that the cook is being creative; that would be fine, if the results had any punch at all. The *idea* of mango salsa is splendid, and the ingredients which are supposed to be fresh (such as the mangos, tomatoes and avocados) are excellent. It's the flavors which are supposed to be MEXICAN that are absent.
I am willing to bet that I could ransack the kitchen of this place and not find a single chili pepper (fresh, powdered, canned, jarred or dried), a clove of garlic, an ounce of cumin, a tomatillo, a lime, or a bunch of cilantro. I would, however, find plenty of carrots, sweet bell peppers and frozen peas. There would probably be some celery in there, too. 
The result is food that is is not just bland, but bizarrely WRONG. Even lousy Mexican food has a certain comforting, chili-flavored grease quotient that this place is lacking. It's as if they disemboweled a frozen chicken pot pie and mixed it with canned pinto beans and instant rice before dumping it on a tortilla. Then they garnish the plate with mangos, avocado, lettuce, sour cream and voilá! A facsimile of--something! I don't know what!
I'm giving it two stars instead of one because it was clean, friendly and the salads (I can't use the word 'salsa') were good. The owner would have to do some fast talking before he could convince me that he's not a Chinese entrepreneur masquerading as someone who has actually been to Mexico.I think this place is good. I love the sopes. I saw a few reviews said the food is bland. My friend who is from Mexico introduced me to it and he loves this place due to the authenticity. The guacamole is so fresh. A bit heavy on the oniononionss for my but at least it's not spicy (which I've been told guacamole isn't supposed to be spicy).I visit this place somewhat often out of convenience.  The food is really good, but over priced in my opinion.  I find Las Margaritas to be of better quality including more food.    Now the upside, this place is solid on food, just about always empty, a BYOB with a wine & spirits across the street.  The people are also very nice, and in the past were willing to collaborate with me on a professional level to bring some of my clients here for a lunch outing around cinco de mayo.This place was OK. Not really anything to write home about. I had the Sopas and they were good, very authentic which was nice to see but they did lack flavor and could use some spicing up. 
I appreciated the authentic nature of the food which is so hard to find when it comes to Mexican food. The atmosphere was laid back and comfortable. 
We took home a little something sweet after from the bakery and it was really good. 
Like I said, nothing to write home about but all around a good experience.This place is the real deal. True chefs serving up authentic Mexican food. They have an extensive menu and everything is full of flavor. $7 for three swordfish tacos cannot be beat. Complimentary chips and salsa are average but they are free and a nice snack while you wait for your entree. The atmosphere is great, very clean, nicely decorated, and good tunes playing to add to your dining experience.Bland, very bland.  The pork/chicken/beef are flavorless and taste as if they were boiled.  Since every dish is made with those three meats (or canned chili) the blandness ends up everywhere.  I do not know how they won any of their "Best of Mt. Airy" awards save for the fact there are no other Mexican restaurants in Mt. Airy.Good portions
I hate going to a place when I'm hungry and getting such small portions, but this place didn't disappoint at all. The portions were great. 
I got for the first time a Mexican stir fry and it came with a side of pinto beans and a side dish of mango salsa. The food was fresh and hot. 
My wife got an order of pork tacos and they were delicious. 
The nocho buena salad we split between the two of us and it was delicious. 
Also the waiter was attentive and the place was clean. Definitely want to go back.The food was terrible.
I had the beef tacos and my friend ordered the pork tacos. The meat in both of them tasted gross, as if they weren't fresh and had been lying around all day. It tasted like they tried to cover up the taste of the bad meat with seasonings, but it did not work.
They do not make their own tortilla chips which sucks, but often happens. Nevertheless, the chips from a bag should be room temperature, not COLD as they were when they set them on the table. When I commented on their chill to the waiter, he said, "They just come like that."
There are plenty of good places in Philly for good Mexican. This is not one of them. Avoid, avoid, avoid.Since arriving here from California, I've had a rough time finding decent Mexican food. Mi Puebla is OK, but not fantastic, in fact, firmly in "meh" range. I'm ambivalent about the decor, which is the kitschiest I've experienced in a good while. 
I had the pork tamales, which were also filled with tomato and bell pepper. I'd never had them that way before, and while interesting, it didn't add much. The boyfriend had chicken quesadillas, which oddly had meat on the inside and cheese on the outside. 
I'd probably go back to try other stuff from their rather extensive menu.I've never been to Mi Puebla even though I've been in the neighborhood for a while now. I stopped in today and the place was clean and welcoming, and the service was prompt and friendly. I got the chorizo tacos and my girlfriend got beef tacos and they were both really good with no frills or unnecessary ingredients. Their tres leches cake was great too! Give this place a chance if you're in the neighborhood and want solid, unpretentious food.Decent food. More college oriented place. Byob so that is a plus. Overall, nothing special.  A small restaurant with seating that reminds me of a summer deck party.We've lived in down the street from Mi Puebla for 5 years. We eat here once a week. The pork tacos, veggie tacos, tostadas, and quesadillas are amazing! We have NEVER had a bad meal here! We dine in and get take out--they even put the tacos in our own glass Pyrex container for us so we don't have to use styrofoam take out containers. They are so friendly even when the place is packed! The food is always fresh, affordable and quick! Our friends recently moved from the neighborhood to South Philly and they said nothing compares to Mi Puebla! Highly recommended!If you like authentic Mexican food this is the place to go. This is the real deal and the prices are great. I have been coming here for several years now and consider it the best kept secret. There have never been more than three or four table occupied every time I have been here, and I don't know why. The service is great and the food is delicious. I always get the same thing and it has a Mexican name, but I just order by description. It is the fish with shrimp, scallops, and crab meat on top. It comes with a mango salsa, rice, beans, and a cluster of salad. I mix all the sides together and that salsa brings it all to a new level. If you like hot sauce, there are several to choose from. I almost forgot, this place is a BYOB. After dinner I always order this con leche cake. Sorry about the spelling, its means made with milk. I am including a photo but imagine a real strawberry shortcake with peaches.  I'm about the real whipped icing. My mouth is watering right now. The interior is decorated with very colorful objects, and this makes the Mexican atmosphere seem even more real. All that is missing is a pinata. I highly recommend this place!So delicious. We ordered delivery and were pleasantly surprised by how yummy our dishes were. I'd highly recommend the crab burrito. The meat was flavorful and fresh. It comes with guacamole, sour cream, and 2 types of salsa. I'd definitely order it again.Best authentic Mexican in the area! Never had a bad meal! Fresh ingredients and made fresh. We eat here several times a month. Friendly and fast service. So happy we live close by. This place is our go-to. Unpretentious and real. Would highly recommend the steak fajitas, steak Mexican stir-fry, and fish tacos!!My favorite Mexican restaurant in the neighborhood.  You can't go wrong with the crab burrito or quesadilla & The mango salsa on the side is EVERYTHING! Foods always fresh..,always great customer service...just an all-around great place.We live in the neighborhood and love this place. We go once or twice a month and are never disappointed. The staff is great - attentive and friendly. As several other reviews have noted, this isn't Tex Mex. You're not going to get dishes smothered in yellow cheese (not that there's anything wrong with that). It's much simpler and cleaner. 
It's a huge menu, but we've stuck to the basics mostly - tacos, tostadas, and enchiladas. The pork tacos (soft corn shell) and tostadas (smeared with delicious refried beans and topped with stringy, salty, white cheese, queso fresco, maybe?) are always great. I love the green salsa that is served with them. Veggie and shrimp tacos are also wonderful. 
The chicken tortilla soup is also great and a meal in itself, in my opinion.  We had brunch once with a party of 10 or so and everyone was happy with their food.  I had  the huevos divorciados and really enjoyed them. 
I think this is a great spot and am disappointed to see so many negative reviews. I'd highly recommend it to anyone who understands that tacos aren't supposed to come with flour tortillas and Mexican does not have to mean covered in heavy sauce and melted cheese.I always get the chicken quesadillas here. It's a hit or miss with this place. Not bad to make me stop coming. There's room for improvement. The chicken doesn't taste fresh for the most part but the other ingredients are good. Good customer service though.