I wavered between 4 and 5, and landed on 5 because of the creativity and flavor executed in most dishes.  One dish was way over salted but everything else was flawless.  This had been on my list for awhile and I'm so happy to have finally eaten here.  Perfect service, and an amazing array of food.  Recommend it for sure!Promising newcomer to Chestnut Hill; reviewed on its 2nd night in operation. Nice decor, completely renovated since its predecessor, Cuba!
Small prix fixe menu - 3 courses $50, 4 courses $60. BYOB for the first month.
Appetizers were good. Sea urchin (Uni) with whisky custard and cucumber was an unusual combination of flavors and textures - but definitely worked: I'd order it again. The artichoke ravioli was good, but didn't bring out the artichoke flavor. The chargrilled octopus was outstanding: tender and perfectly cooked; accompanying sauces were delicious - a five star dish!
The main courses had potential, but fell short of expectation. The wild striped bass was well presented, skin up and crispy. The flesh, however, was distinctly overcooked. The lamb was also well presented and had an excellent sauce. I could not determine the cut (shoulder or loin?) but it was bland and served only as a vehicle for the sauce. If only they had substituted two or three lamb tenderloins, grilled just medium rare . . . that would have been perfect.
The chocolate dessert is recommended. Frozen mango is just that.
Service, apart from one major hiccup, was very good, considering it was a completely full restaurant on only its second night.
Overall, Mica is a great addition to the neighborhood. It is expensive, but should be worth it when they hit their stride. A key factor will be the range and pricing of their wine list. If the wine is overpriced and they introduce the planned $25 corkage for BYOB, they may not survive in Chestnut Hill.
Three stars, almost four.Ugh! We had dinner at Mica last night and were extremely disappointed. My friends wanted to go to a new place in Chestnut Hill for dinner and since my husband and I loved the brunch we ate there we thought we would give it a try (even though the prices seemed high). The table was cozy, but that's the only thing we liked about our experience (besides  being in the company of our friends). It took a long time for the server to come over to our table. When he finally did approach us, he did not inform us of any details regarding the menu selections or wines (they advertise that they are not a BYOB and that they enjoy describing the special wines they offer). He simply asked if we were ready to order (diner style)! After that, another server brought us some strange looking crumbs on four individual silver spoons and said it was some delicacy (ha ha). It did not have any taste at all. I thought this restaurant choice was a big mistake. Then they brought out a lovely looking green salad. I became hopeful, but my hopes quickly dwindled as soon as I tasted the salad and discovered that it was drenched in a much too salty dressing (it was supposed to be a lemon vinaigrette). Things continued to worsen when our main courses arrived. The fish dishes three of us ordered appeared to have been one dinner divided into three portions! The portions were so small! We all wondered if the kitchen had run short on food supplies! Again, the meal was tasteless and the tiny piece of fish on my plate was surrounded by small cubes of an unpleasant, hard vegetable I did not recognize. By now you must be thinking what a shame...or that you have heard enough...but there is still more. As I pressed my fork into the center of my tiny portion of fish, the fish would not flake apart (as most fish does when cooked properly). It was apparently not cooked! It was at this time that I also noticed a black hair on the rim of my plate (my hair is blonde). When the server asked how everything was (after everyone had already finished), I showed him the fish that was raw and the black hair. He didn't react. He said, "The chef doesn't like to over cook the fish." Ha Ha! OMG! Anyway, let me just add that they really screwed up with us last night and I have never before written a review for a restaurant because I have never been so compelled to do so. One more thing...when I made the reservation they had asked if we were celebrating any special occasion and I had told them yes that we were celebrating two birthdays (the men). Again I reminded the server when we arrived that we were celebrating birthdays (we had wrapped gifts and all). They brought two tiny desserts (bite size) with ONE candle - how stupid of them! We sang 'Happy Birthday' anyway. Afterwards, right before we left the restaurant, the host wished us a HAPPY ANNIVERSARY! What an idiot!Excellent service and good pricing on the special Chestnut Hill month menu.I've got to say it was a superb meal with great pairings of flavors.  Presentations are lovely.  Outstanding food preparation coupled with excellent service  This is superb dining on every level.I was impressed! Our party of six entered the gorgeously simple dining room. The restaurant was made for small, intimate dinners with a focus on food and exceptional service. We recently dined during Restaurant Month in Chestnut Hill, and I heard rave reviews. The reviews do not lie. On our prixe-menu, we had the choice of an appetizer: either a crudo or a sweet potato soup, choice of entree: chicken with mushrooms or salmon and wild rice, choice of dessert: prima donna cheese or creme caramel. Our party decided to try all the choices except the soup, as well as the mushroom risotto, scallops, mackerel, and wild bass. Hopefully, the risotto and scallops stay on that menu, they were delicious! They also have tasting menus ($55 or $75) and will list ingredients which will be highlighted in the meal. 
Our meal was accompanied by a Zweigelt, an Austrian red wine. Spicy, and delicious! The restaurant has a few cocktails and wines, but you are welcome to bring your own for a $20 corkage fee.  Each course was presented beautifully, as our server would poured the accenting sauce on our plates. The crudo was refreshing (loved those blood oranges!), and my salmon was dead on. They nailed it! Not too tough and the buerre blanc sauce complimented it nicely.  It was served on a bed of wild rice which was a bit crunchy for my taste, but it worked with the dish The desserts were ok, and I luckily chose the creme caramel which basically melted in my mouth. 
Overall, a great experience if you're ever in that part of town! Tables are close, so be careful what type of conversations you have =PWe have visited this place under previous management and after dining here last night, we were delighted to see that the quality is even better than the high standards we had experienced before. Fantastic dining and excellent, attentive staff.Best brunch in Philly area. There's no doubt about it. The Steak&Eggs are PHENOMENAL!!!Back in Philly for Thanksgiving weekend and made a reservation here based on reviews for my Mom's 75th birthday. Mica did not disappoint. The dishes were so unique and had incredible flavor. I can't remember all the dishes now but I do remember the eggplant was amazing. Here are some photos although I always start eating before I remember to take a picture. I guess it looked too good not to dive right in. ;)Pretty pricy but the food was delicious and the presentation was beautiful.  I did not like like that they pressure the customers to order the same tasting menu as others on the table. My husband ordered the 5 course tasting and I only wanted the 4 course special they had. They really tied hard to discourage me from this and pressured me into ordering the 5 course menu too. I understand why- they get an extra $20 out of me if I were to do this. But I really had to assert myself to stop them pressuring me to change my order. If they can't handle someone ordering one less course than another at the table, I don't know what they would do if I was to order just the one entree while another at my table had the tasting menu. This pressure to conform to their idea of what should be ordered was a real turn off for me. It is romantic and the service and food overall is good so if they allowed the customer to have more freedom to order what they want to order without trying to up-sell I would probably be more likely to recommend this place.My GF and I chose Mica to celebrate her special birthday. It was our first time dining there. We absolutely loved it. The decor was tasteful, the lighting was excellent, the service was outstanding and the food was deliciously complex. Our entrees of artic char and venison were perfectly cooked and seasoned. We're already planning our next visit to this BYOB gem.Had one of the best meals in a while at Mica last week. We opted for the tasting menu and I must say that every dish that came out was better than the previous. The chef did an amazing job of building up the meal. The wine selection was decent, nothing to rave home about, but they had a few nice Italian wines. 
The service was what I would expect from a restaurant of this caliber. They were very attentive and everyone at the restaurant provided a helping hand, but our waiter specifically wasn't the most personable. Either way, I think the best thing they did was send a Thank You card to our house. 
Mica is a great place for a special occasion, or if you're in the mood to splurge.Parsley cured salmon: Fresh and tarte yet sweet
Mushroom ravioli with beets: love me some beets, but the ravioli was a little too al dente
Escargot en croute: Holy moly! Love escargot, but this was something quite unique, with curried broccoli and granola. Definitely worth getting again next time.
Beef and root vegetables in au jus: perfect medium rare
Panna cotta: pretty good, but a little heavier than I  expected
Overall a lovely place. Quaint little restaurant, fantastic service (the waiters came to check on us  the right amount, neither too intrusive/too much nor too little/not enough attention). The food portions -to me- were perfect. That being said, if you are a big eater (or like big portions), then this may not be the place for you.This place Delivered! Good crowd. Excellent creative food ? "Canadian"?Small intimate venue with  good service. AGAIN!!Extremely enjoyable winter evening outing! It is a cozy and mellow place to enjoy the company of your companion's conversation. Had terrific wine we hadn't found elsewhere...sommelier recommendations were spot on...appetizers excellent ... I love soups and found the Chestnut soup most flavorful without being too filling. Both our Entrees were very well executed ...pork tenderloin and beef short ribs. Service from all aspects was friendly and thorough. It is worth a trip from CC or the burbs to experience!had a lovely evening at mica! We have been a couple of times for dinner and brunch and are never disappointed. We did the 5 course tasting menu with wine paring. It was a laid back and super yummy. The wines were spot on! we left contented and relaxed. Service was great!Mica is in the cutest area of Philly...just in case you didn't know. Dining at Mica is to enjoy a meal over looking  those proverbial "narrow streets of cobblestone." There are probably some gas lamps and horse drawn carriages too.
The food is equally as elegant. 
The Barnegat NJ Scallops are guaranteed one of the most amazing dishes your mouth will ever experience. Not only do the scallops feature a sear with slightly crusty outer edges and a rich, almost custard-esque center, but the white chocolate powder offers a complimentary decadence. It's unique. It's daring. And it "waarks" as Gordon Ramsay would say.  
(The only outright flaw of the dinner was the Ajo Blanco, which tasted like slightly salty, though impeccably smooth, pourridge.) 
The Wild King Salmon is a hunk of medium-rare (think warm sashimi only huge) salmon. It's the color of pink opals - and by the richness of its flavor, one could swear it glistens as much.A fantastic place to celebrate ffresh seasonal food! It can often be hard to impress my in-laws, as they have been to so many fantastic restaurants, but Mica was so amazing that I got a lot of "perfect choice" and "how did you find this place?" comments. Chestnut Hill is a great setting for this very small (10-12 tables restaurant). Very cozy and romantic, this would be a great place for a date. We took our toddler as usual, and the chef was very accommodating. I would not recommend taking kids that are not very well behaved or use to a fine dining experience, as the small restaurant is also quiet and relaxed. As they change the menu frequently and at the very least seasonally, there isn't a "must do" item I can list here, but every single dish was delicious. You really can't go wrong with Mica.One of the best meals I've had in quite some time.  It's nice to see Chestnut Hill stepping up into the culinary scene.  The neighborhood certainly has the aesthetics, but always somehow lacked the foot traffic to sustain notable venerability.  I order beat salad without hesitation on every menu that'll have me.  This one was spectacular.  My ceviche fluke with blood oranges was refreshing.  The smoked beef shank managed to take a relatively plebeian cut of meat and turn it into a lasting memory.  The presentation is what iced the cake.  It was artistic without revealing effort.  It was beautiful without sacrificing taste.  This sort of balance uncommon.  I'd highly recommend taking the trek to the Hill to experience Mica.  If you already live in the area, shame on you for not embracing your newfound gem.  Enjoy!This was my GF and my 2nd visit to Mica. Our 1st visit was so awesome that we selected Mica to celebrate my 53rd birthday. Our appetizers of beet salad and tuna tartar were both beauty on plates. Our entrees of Arctic Char and Roast Chicken were delicious and the flavors were intense and layered. Each bite brought more hedonistic savoring. The service was outstanding, being both professional and efficient while remaining unobtrusive. The decor is minimal but enticing. Mica is a gem to be enjoyed and frequented often. We'll be back for many more meals.Hands down the best dining experience of my life. Worth every penny. Food delighted every tastebud. The wine pairings from the sommelier were spot on and the wine list itself was unconventionally brilliant. Celebrated our anniversary here and were treated extra special by the staff.My wife and I had an amazing meal here last night. So good, difficult to describe in words. We shared the oysters and the albacore tuna apps. I had the short ribs that were prepared to perfection. My wife had the roasted chicken...the most tender either of us had ever had.
Nice that it's BYO. Excellent food well worth the reasonable prices.
Can't wait to return!Not my cup of tea. Compared to Heirloom, they got lots of work to do! I was surprised with the liquified version of the veggies. The dessert also tasted very off. Based on the folks there, it's good for drinking good wine (I guess).Fantastic.  The food was top notch, and the service and kindness was second to none.  After some Initial issue with our reservation, Michael and staff more than made up for it.   Highly recommend the duck or chicken.  This is a place that must be visited!  If you are going for dinner in Chestnut Hill (and Montco County), go to Mica the service is great, and importantly the food is top notch!Top 3 meal I've had in the Philly area. I've been here for brunch and dinner, both were very good but the dinner really stood out.
FOOD: We opted for their most robust tasting menu. It was about 8 courses (excluding amuses), for about $90, which for the quality and quantity of the food was a good value. I don't know if they offer this menu every day so I'd call ahead if you're looking to do the tasting. Food was fresh and seasonal, the small pasta dishes were a highlight.
AMBIANCE: Two intimate, comfortable rooms. Despite the small rooms the noise level is low and the tables are given ample space between each other.
SERVICE: This is where Mica especially stood out. On both visits our server was very accommodating. During dinner, we were served a mini cola float as part of dessert. One of our dining mates was not a soda drinker and mentioned to the table she wasn't a huge fan. Our server, overhearing, quickly brought out an additional dessert, no questions asked! You don't often see this level of attentiveness even at a high level restaurant like Mica, kudos for that.
Overall, a great place to check out in Chestnut Hill. If you don't make it out to the burbs that often, go big and try the tasting menu you won't be disappointed!We've been to Blackfish many times and we decided to try Mica for our anniversary dinner. The blue crab tortellini is to die for and our main courses were cooked to perfection. I do wish there was more options on the menu and updates on the tasting menu too.We had dinner last night, with the 3 course $50 option.  All our courses were amazing!  I am sad they are moving to a la carte.We just weren't that happy with our brunch except for the bloody marys.  Your can't do much to harm a three egg scramble, but the accompanying sausage was one bland, small link sliced in half.  Bread was available only in a basket of breads at extra charge.  Bottled water was poured without asking if we wanted tap.  The quiche was good but tiny.  Two drinks and two small breakfast items and water for nearly $60.  Not that special.This was our third time dining with Mica and it never fails to impress! Although this was the first time dining under new management, we were still thoroughly impressed with the pre-fixe menu. Mica prepares bold combinations and unique flavors that always excite the senses. The service was impeccable and the atmosphere was intimate. We look forward to our next trip to Mica!Food: 5
Decor: 4.5
Ambiance: 4.5
Service: 5
Value: 3.5
Brunch doesn't seem to be terribly popular here for some reason. It was delicious though, and for a reasonable price. Would love to come back for dinner as well.Extraordinary experience. Fine dining without the attitude. Wonderful location at the top of Chestnut Hill.  This was our third time at Mica for dinner and have yet to be dsappointed. Great place to see local celebrities and foodies.Great first visit to Mica. Went as a surprise birthday dinner and we thoroughly enjoyed the food, drink, and service. We all did a version of the tasting menu, three of us had the four-course, and my wife just stuck with the three course. They also had a five and seven course option, maybe next time!
- Amuse bouche - Cocoa soup with bacon and thyme, inventive, light and pleasing way to start
- Fluke crudo, sliced radish - May have been my favorite dish of the meal if t weren't for the Beef Cheek (toss-up). Very delicate and flavorful dish
- Risotto black truffle - The one mediocre dish of the evening, when I here Truffle risotto at a nice restaurant i the middle of truffle season, I expect truffles. The risotto was excellent, but no truffles or truffle flavor (I probably should have asked prior to ordering so my expectation were set better)
- Beef cheek, celery root, mushroom, ramps This was excellently prepared, falling apart beef cheek with great accoutrements. I would get this again in a heartbeat 
There was great dessert as well, we all shared, all were very good.
Looking forward to returningGreat meal at Mica in Chestnut Hill
I was fortunate enough to accompany some friends who were invited to the "Friends & Family" pre-opening of Mica in Chestnut Hill, Chip Roman's (of Blackfish) new restaurant.  This was a couple of days before the official opening for the general public.  Reservations can be made on OpenTable.
Mica (pronounced like the mineral: "my-kuh") is an attractive, very small restaurant located in an old stone building across the street from the TD Bank on Germantown Avenue.
When I say "very small", I mean that it has by my count 27 seats in the main room, and perhaps 6-10 seats in the back room next to the kitchen (which Chip says will be the "Chef's Table"). Chip says he is gratified (and probably relieved, since I'm sure this venture cost a pretty penny) that interest is high and reservations have been strong in advance of opening.
For the moment, it is BYOB, but that will change as soon as they get their liquor license in the next several weeks. Although I usually bring my own glasses to Blackfish, if my memory serves, Mica's stems are even better (from Guy DeGrenne of France).
Mica is reminiscent of Blackfish, sharing that same "neighborhood gem" feel, but it is much more attractive, with wood paneling, floors, tables and chairs with pale green trim, a candle-lit fireplace, and a large front window illuminating the interior (although the view is unfortunately of TD Bank, which will hopefully disappear when some leaves appear on the trees).
Having just had a 7-course, 3  1/2 hour meal at Blackfish, I can attest that a big improvement is the padding on the chairs!
As you can see from the photos, there is also a large deck out in back near the parking lot, currently un-used. I gather there are plans to put a garden out back to raise produce for the restaurant, and additional seating.
As far as the food, the menu we were offered was a 3-course tasting menu, with a good variety of choices, featuring both fish and meat. I am also reminded of Chip's cooking style at Blackfish by the dishes I sampled, although their presentation did seem to be kicked up a notch. How much of this is Jason Cichonski's (formerly executive chef at Lacroix), I don't know. Then again, maybe that is my imagination. Hard to say after only one visit, and that a pre-opening. As at Blackfish, there are definite molecular techniques that appear here and there, but overall you can see strong French training underlying everything. I've never had a bad bite at Blackfish, and that record continues at Mica.
MENU:
~Amuse-bouche: spring pea custard with Thai peanuts...very silky and very "pea-y"
~Smoked salmon, sunchoke, mache, whole grain mustard...perhaps surprisingly, given how simple it was, this was my favorite dish of the evening. The mustard was dried into wafer-thin chips, a la elBulli, and really kicked the dish to the next level, particularly when paired with the contrasting light, fluffy sunchoke puree and our Spatlese (which transformed from bright acidity into a creamy wonder).
~Organic capon, ricotta, grilled fava beans, black garlic...OMG, this may have been the best chicken dish of my life! Perfectly cooked, with so many colors and flavors going on (look at the photo). I'm not even sure how the black garlic component was made (it looked like it might have been a dark meat/garlic puree that was almost like a Chinese-style blood sausage). Now, Blackfish's roast chicken has been describe as "the best chicken in the world" (unfortunately, I haven't had it, and it recently rotated off the menu), but I have trouble imagining it was better than this. And to top it off, was a incredibly crispy, cracker-like sliver of toasted chicken skin. Heaven!
~Pecan panna cotta, caramel, cocoa powder, raspberries...simple and delicious, exactly like it reads, except that the raspberries were free-dried into some sort of mutant Egyptian mummified fruit! LOL!
Service, as at Blackfish, was impeccable, with the same friendly, knowledgeable, efficient and unobtrusive way we've come to love. Several favorite Blackfish faces were in attendance, including Maitre d' Mickael, who will be filling this role permanently at Mica (with Josh taking over at Blackfish), and Veronica. Everyone's favorite waiter, Harold, will be remaining at Blackfish, where he's been a fixture since it opened.
Prices, well this was a pre-opening, so we'll have to wait for the real menu to see (I'm not sure what dishes from this pre-menu will be carrying over, but presumably some of it will be). Parking is easy, particularly for a later reservation, because there are two parking lots behind the building (but they were still a bit crowded for our 6:30PM reservation).
Anyway, based on this experience, I look forward to many future visits.
Slainte!Maybe a restaurant should not be judged by its performance on New Year's Eve, but a restaurant of the supposed quality and reputation of Mica should be able to do its best even then.  We were four people who had reserved for the nine o'clock seating (there were two that evening, at six and nine).  We realized when we left our movie that we would be about five to ten minutes late so we called to tell them.  The maitre d' assured us that it was not a problem, in fact they were running late with the six o'clock seating.  So we arrived at 9:10 and were shunted into a cold vestibule and told it would be another fifteen minutes until the people left and our table was ready.  In fact it was another half hour in the cold vestibule.  After 20 minutes they brought us each a glass of sparkling wine (which was included on the menu, so it wasn't an extra to appease us for the wait).  We were finally seated at 9:40 with nothing more than a "sorry for that," from the staff.  Nothing deducted from our bill.  No complimentary class of wine.  Nothing but an attitude that reeked of "aren't you lucky to be here?"  No, in fact, we were not.  We were tired and annoyed.  And the meal was mediocre, at best.  I will never go back there.  There are many, many good restaurants in Philadelphia where the service and attitude make diners feel welcome and appreciated.  This is not one of them.  Happy New Year indeed!Had our fourth dinner here, two couples. perfect dining experience. will try the tasting menu next time but chose ala carte again. the service was attentive yet understated. the food was exceptional.Came here for my birthday and sat in the new outside (back) deck-- it was great for a cool evening and we had the most AMAZING Lobster Prix Fixe meal--I really hope they do this again.Amazing food and ambiance! I had the duck, which was cooked perfectly and my fiancé had the short ribs, which were indulgent and incredible. Make sure to get the crab beignets!More like 3.5 stars. Really excellent service, cute restaurant, cosy atmosphere. And one note of caution of the limited nature of this review is that this is only for the Mother's day menu. The main course (lamb, as well as the cod) was great, and another dish that was delicious was the housemade fettuccini but other than that the rest of the courses decent but a little forgettable. Again, service/staff was great and absolutely made up for the normal food, and dishes were laid out beautifully, but I was slightly surprised by the 4.5 star average on Yelp. Might be missing something that wasn't on the mother's day menu, but this is just reflection of the sunday night menu.Just had another excellent meal here during Chestnut Hill Restaurant Month. What a fantastic deal! The service was excellent as before, the decor was so classy and elegant, and the food, as usual, was presented beautifully (and was delicious, too!).  Highly recommended, especially during restaurant month.Amazing dining experience.  Did the 7-course chefs tasting and every dish that came out was delicious and sooo creative.  The service was top notch. The meal was worth every penny!!Was looking forward to eating here.   We made reservations well in advance for 4 and gave them our CC.   About half hour before we were about to leave, checked my email, and noticed they cancelled our reservation.  When we called, we were told because we didn't return their call to confirm, they cancelled our reservation.   
UPDATE:  After my initial review of Mica was posted, the folks from Mica called me on Sunday to invite me and my party back for a dinner for 4, with the cost of dinner being on the house.  I was completely and pleasantly surprised, and of course I am looking forward to our 2nd attempt at dinner here - we have yet to schedule.  Will report back on the food once we have dined.As you can see from the photos Micas garnish and herb of choice was a mixture of micro greens, these greens showed up in every dish including dessert.
Our meal here was better than expected . Our reservation time was at 5:45 and we still managed to have an almost 3 hour dinner . This place doesn't really have a specific age group that it can be identified by though I will say our trio looked to be the youngest biddies in the dining room.
The space itself is pretty small and intimate so don't come with your posse . 
We dined during restaurant month, a deal worth every penny 3 courses for 25.00. Since we heart food we added on two additional courses to share the six hour sweet potatoes and anglotini . Both additional dishes were stand outs ! The sweet potatoes were a cross between dessert and appetizer heaven. We all agreed it was a great choice.
I'd go back to mica to try other items on the menu. Over all it was a great meal .Mica far exceeded our expectations. I suggest you allow the kitchen to guide your experience. They planned 5 thoughtful courses, and each was exceptional. Worth the trip, whether it's just up the avenue or out of town. 
Well done. We will be back within the month.Gem of a restaurant that I will most certainly return to visit.  Our party didn't have anything in our three courses we didn't love!  Even the table bread was delicious with its crispy, salty top.  Small, intimate space with friendly servers.After hearing so many wonderful things about Mica, we decided to go there for a special occasion early in March and it certainly lived up to expectations. The food, the service, and the atmosphere were all top notch.
They have an adventurous menu, without it being too wild. My dinner began with a coco bean soup that included medjool dates, shaved bacon, and thyme. I followed that up with Barnegat NJ scallops that came with gooseberries and a white chocolate and banana paste. For my entree, I had Lancaster County poulard with sour cherries, fingerling potatoes and lardons. Everything was cooked just right and absolutely delicious. They have a small but nice selection of beer and wine. They don't have any beers on tap, but my bottle of Saison Dupont was a good choice for my meal.
The service was friendly and attentive without being overbearing. The building looks as if it used to be a house, and the front dining room is small but not over-crowded. The noise level was surprisingly pleasant for such a small, repurposed space.Fabulous!!!  Great atmosphere, great wait staff super attentive without being annoying. And the food was awesome. Every dish was so flavorful and interesting. It's BYOB which helps add to the experience because you can bring what you like instead of worrying about ordering a bottle that you may or may not like. I had the short ribs which was simply mouthwatering. The appetizers were also perfect. I especially liked the beet salad. I highly recommend this restaurant!I guess I just don't get it.  After a disaster of a meal two years ago at Roman's Conshy restaurant 'Blackfish,' I ranted privately about most reviewers' general lack of perspective when is comes to supposedly high-end suburban restaurants, and how people grade on a curve out in the burbs, blah blah blah blah.
Well I'll skip that this time, if for no other reason than I'm a nice guy and I don't want to offend anyone.  And you know what? Mica was not a disaster.  In fact there were some hints of true potential in some of the dishes we sampled here.  But it was 3, or 3.5 stars, out of 5...that's it.  For each impressive dish we tried, there was a total dud.  Example:  the Blue Crab Agnolotti was top notch - delicately prepared and uniquely composed.  On the other hand, the beef chuck steak was chewy, overcooked, and lacked any noticeable flavor.
The atmosphere was 'okay,' and the service was fine, but I'm sorry to say Mica was nowhere near the greatness it's Yelp rating portends.Four friends met on a rainy Saturday afternoon for a delightful brunch at Mica. Started off with Mimosa's and a delicious sampler plate of breads and jams. Only problem--not enough of everything! The staff was very accommodating and patient--not rushing us but keeping in touch with our needs. We are former work associates and we had lots to catch up on, including celebrating one member's birthday.  I enjoyed the mushroom frittata - fresh mushrooms, Carmelized onions and Gruyere cheese. A perfect sized portion for brunch. Would definitely visit again!My husband and I went for our fifth anniversary. We had heard great things and were looking forward to trying a new spot in our neighborhood. We had an 8 pm reservation, and arrived right on time. There was one four top open in the dining room. The host asked if we wanted to sit outside - it was drizzling so we did not. We were seated at the four top table. I couldn't push my chair in all the way because of the pedestal of the table and so sat at an awkward distance. It was also hard to hear one another unless we leaned. I ordered the Wagyu Tasting menu. It was, for the most part, good. The tartar was okay, nothing exceptional. Te highlight was the brisket. The portion for the hanger steak was so small I actually thought they forgot some of it. Two two-inch pieces sliced thin. My husband ordered the chilled asparagus, which his exact words were "tastes like garbage" and again, portions were small. He also ordered the gnocchi, which he said tasted like nothing but also a little sweet with an odd foam. He also ordered a drink, the Peppecorn, which was described as Jameson, peppercorn, and vermouth. I didn't taste it, but he said it was a cup of Jameson, no other discernible flavors. My tasting menu came with dessert or else we would have just left after dinner. Chili lime sorbet with blueberries. It was more of a water ice and less of a sorbet, and also just foul. We wanted to like Mica but will not be returning. A few things regarding service, it was almos 10 minutes before anyone came to our table to ask for drinks, we asked for tap water and were bought (and charges for) bottled water.Ate there last night with wife.  Chicken entree, chocolate dessert superb.  Restaurant full, but quiet, excellent service (and BYO).  And, a bargain for $110.Awesome first experience last night!  Have been wanting to get here for a while and it was so worth the 45 min. drive.  Everything was fabulous from the excellent service who served us at our pace which was kind of fast since we had a movie to make without us having to say so to the fantastic flavor combinations.  We truly enjoyed everything but our favorites were the bone marrow ravioli, poached salmon and apple fritters.  We will absolutely be back :)It was an awesome experience. Lately I have been much more picky about where to eat. Times are hard and money is tight. While the menue is expensive, the quality and quantity was amazing. The serveice was second to none. My Rissoto was undercooked, but when I made mention of it, the server apologized and they remade it. I still give them 5 stars because they recovered nicely.We went there for the lobster tasting menu and it was among the best meals I've ever had! The sommelier is fantastic with his wine pairings and affable demeanor and the staff overall is professional and attentive. This restaurant is truly one of a kind outside of center city.This was one of the best restaurants I have been to. The food was incredible!  I go to Philadelphia for work and rarely get the opportunity to go out. I read a review in about Mica in US Airways magazine and made a reservation immediately. Besides being a great restaurant the Chestnut Hill neighborhood is very charming!  I cannot wait to go back!We always go in a group and get everything on the menu to share, it was great as always! And our waitress was knowledgeable and funny.We had a really great experience here. The food was creative, delicious and I would go back in a heartbeat. 
The only reason I am not giving it a 5 is because they only offer a tasting menu. While I was impressed by the variety of options, I don't typically eat 4 courses so it was a bit much for me. I would have much rather skipped the first course and went right to app and main course which would have been more enjoyable if I wasn't so full already!
Upscale, romantic atmosphere, wonderful service, delicious food. Altogether an A+!Mica delivers exactly what you would expect from a fancy dining experience. I took my wife to Mica for our anniversary and it was perfect. We had the set menu and we both enjoyed each stage of the meal. Throughout the meal the waitress was extremely helpful by explaining the next course and bringing out tastings of various specials the chef had for the evening. 
It isn't a restaurant that a normal middle-class couple will be frequenting, but we sure enjoy having the option for special occasions and celebrations!Went here for an anniversary dinner with my wife after reading about it in GQ. My expectations were high, and surprisingly they were met. 
The tasting menu was diverse and unique, and the service and atmosphere were also terrific. 
If you get an opportunity to have the risotto, you MUST try it. I've had risotto in Italy and this similarly amazing. If your tastebuds were Power Rangers, eating this would cause them to combine into Megazord. 
The space is a small, so don't expect a particularly quiet or private experience. But if you've ever imagined you were a spy, maybe you'd be down for some eavesdropping.
If you're feeling fancy and want a terrific dining experience outside of the "city", I highly recommend Mica.Unbelievable ambiance.  Perfect romantic setting.  I  had an unbelievable server and excellent table in the back.  Food was excellent and the risotto was the next I ever had.too expensive. food was good but too expensive.
desert was great !!!The food and service at this restaurant were top notch. Although the food was very good, I got the short ribs which were cooked perfectly, the amount of food that you get for the price is why I only gave this restaurant 4 stars. It was pretty overpriced. I actually was hungry when I got home which is unusual for me. The location was quaint and the restaurant had a nice atmosphere. If it hadn't been so pricey I'd add this to our rotation.Food was tasty and unusual, but I wouldn't recommend this restaurant unless you don't mind extremely small portions and spending a ridiculous  amount for it. Our entire party left hungry. I'm not a huge eater, but like to have portions that don't make me feel I was ripped off and in need of more food. My wife and I went with another couple and spent over $115. per couple brought our own libations, and left hungry.
Update: The General Manager, Mickael communicated and apologized that we left hungry and graciously invited us back. Bravo on the courtesy, and extending another opportunity for us to return. We haven't decided if we will take them up on their offer, but I wish them well and encourage others to give them a try. I have upped my initial rating for their professionalism and attitude in trying their best to keep their customers happy!Excellent service and overall very welcoming. Very unique combinations of flavors in the dishes we triedCame in for brunch despite the many great options in the city and was pleasantly surprised.  Nice quaint and cozy setting and they granted my reservation request for a nook table far from the front door.  Really friendly service but not to the extent that it was bothersome which sometimes is the case with over-chatty servers.  Pastry basket was delicious and I got the short rib steak & eggs served over polenta which was the best I've ever had.  Great flavor which sometimes falls by the wayside with savory brunch dishes.  Overall everything was perfectly cooked and it was a nice change of pace from the overcrowded philly brunch scene. Definitely will be back, I had no issue with the brunch pricing, maybe it's worse for dinner.First time at Mica last night and it did not disappoint!  Friendly, knowledgeable service, great wine suggestion and delicious food.  We started with the Tuna "crudo" which was really good, and the butternut squash soup which was downright amazing.  Middle course the Blue Hubbard squash agnolotti with oxtail and dark chocolate which was just "wow" it was so good.  For mains we had the pork shoulder and the short rib.  The pork shoulder was tender and juicy, with a nice crispy cracklin' skin side.  The short rib was braised perfectly and just fell apart at the touch of a fork.  Desert was their ricotta doughnuts which were out of this world.  Highly recommended and we will be going back.Hubby and I went last Thursday for the Lobster Tasting Menu they ran for 3 days.  We chose to sit outside as it was lovely out that evening.  Although the view overlooks the parking lot, their little deck/garden set up was adorable.
We had Lobster Agnolotti with asparagus and saffron - hubby's favorite, Lobster Risotto, and Lobster Tail with peas, curry and carrots - my fave.  All three courses were truly delicious and the risotto was cooked to perfection with chunks of lobster.
Hubby had also ordered a la carte the fois gras starter and LOVED it...
it was very pretty too :)
For dessert hubby got some peanut butter custard that is part of the tasting menu (it was ok but then again, I am not a PB fan) and they let me order their famous chocolate dessert so we can try something other than the PB thing.  The sour cherries and the powdery chocolate thing was awesome and really elevated the dessert.  Also they were not cloyingly sweet which we loved.
It was definitely a special first trip to Mica and we really enjoyed it.  
Service was also top notch.We went to Mica for our wedding anniversary and had the 5 course dinner.  The food was fabulous, the courses came out at a nice pace so that we were not rushed and not waiting too long. The portions are very small but go perfectly together and the favors are amazing. Not a place to take the kids but  I highly recommend it for a special occasion dinner. It used to be a byob but now has its own bar.I visited over the holidays with my three sisters, and ordered almost everything on the menu at my one sister's suggestion as she is friends with the owners.  We were apprehensive about some of her choices but every single dish was incredible.  The menu changes often, but a few of our highlights- the charred eggplant, the risotto with manchego, and the tuna tartare.Very cute little restaurant in Chestnut Hill, servers were very courteous, attentive and knowledgeable. We had the 7 course tasting and weren't so impressed and did not feel it was worth the price. There were a few shining dishes like the Wagyu beef, but overall we left wanting more. We will have to try the regular menu next time.Outstanding food.  Creative menu. Great service.  Nice wine list. Expensive.  Best pork shoulder I have ever had!It's rare for me to say "wow" but this small restaurant in Chestnut Hill really satisfied my palate. The menu has a limited offering and changes every season but the food is really made of high quality ingredients. I had a salmon and it is the best I had in years. The sauces were very memorable. My partner got a hanger steak and they made this not so good cut of a beef into a very flavorful and tasty meat. I won't describe the others we had as they may not be available in the future but one thing I am sure of, they only choose the freshest and highest quality of ingredients available during the season. Will definitely come back here when we are in Penn.My husband and I went here with a gift certificate to try the tasting menu and enjoyed (almost!) everything. (I don't think our palates are sophisticated enough for duck liver pate!) Our tasting consisted of beef croquettes, tuna, eggplant, salmon, short ribs, duck liver pate, and chocolate ganache cake. We thoroughly enjoyed the experience! It's great that Mica is BYOB too. The staff was friendly, knowledgeable, and attentive as well. My only complaint would be that we were seated right near the basement door/coat closet which was a high-traffic area. I'd definitely ask to sit elsewhere next time. Chestnut Hill is such a great area and Mica fits in wonderfully!Had a terrific meal here with my wife and another couple. All entrees were superb, and the eggplant appetizer had an amazingly creative and delicious sauce. The service is courteous, efficient, and not in the least pretentious. Best of all this establishment is BYOB so overall value is very good. Will definitely be back!Great Restaurant! 
Decor: Homey and elegant with a window, fireplace, comfy chairs, outdoor patio and a crisp look.
Service: Kind and polite. They really know the menu.
Food:
Amuse Bouche: The pea soup was at once naturally sweet and had rich, savory undertones. 
1st Course: House cured lomo (thicker and slightly less salty prosciutto) with smoked balsamic vinegar, grilled fennel and grapefruit segments for sweetness.
2nd Course: The dish of the night! Creamy, rich risotto with sweet corn and earthy summer truffles.
3rd Course: Perfectly cooked octopus, tender and crispy. Served with a nice sauce and excellent cucumbers.
Dessert: The disappointment. We split the cornbread cheesecake and the chocolate. The cheesecake did not work. The flavors did not mesh, it was bland and there was parsley on it. The chocolate was fine but boring. 
All in all a great meal!Outstanding. Went to celebrate my wife's b-day. We had the five course tasting menu, our two guests picked from the three course fixed price menu. Something for everyone. Really top of the top food preparation and presentation. Our waitress in particular and the service in general was impeccable. Had salmon tartare with lemon, then foie gras, striped bass, pork tenderloin and freddo. Fantastic pace of flavors and textures. Nice wine's by the glass gave us the perfect backdrop. Peaceful setting, great atmosphere. Highly recommended and will return.We visited a few weeks back. And it had to one of the best meals I have had this year. 
Super friendly staff, great wine list, delicious food, and a great atmosphere what else do you need??
I highly suggest it. I will be backI went to Mica with a small group on a Sat night.  This place is pricey for the amount and quality of the food.  It basically cost $100 per head which included wine.  If you want to spend that kind of money, there are several other places that will leave you more satisfied.  For instance, we ordered "ravioli" as a starter which are about 4 1" squares about a 1/4" high for $11.  All the food is small, even the dinners.  My short rib was just shy of 2" x 2" in size.  It was very fatty too.  I burped it up all night.  My date also had the short rib and she had the same digestive issue the rest of the night.  
Also, the waiter broke a full glass of water on our table when he was putting down the wine bottle.  The glass shattered which made me think "is there glass in my food?".  All they did was remove the broken glass and say " that is embarrassing ".  
Spend your hard earned money elsewhere!  I will not be returning.
Update October 2016.  Mica is now under New Ownership.  It has also changed into a BYOB.  I have not tried it and don't intend to.This was our third dinner at Mica (my review from 2011 gave Mica 5 stars) but we had not been back for dinner for at least one year. We had always had impeccable experiences in the past. We learned that Chip Roman has not been cooking at Mica for 1.5 years and we sorely felt his absence. We went with a friend who had never been to Mica. We opted not to order the 5 course tasting menu but ordered a la carte. I ordered the Veloute soup with green apple as my first course. My husband ordered the scallops; our friend a salad for the first choice.  Both not very exciting. My soup was the best of the three. It was delicate and was  the highlight of my meal. All three of our entrees were excellently prepared but not more than lukewarm upon arrival. I had the corvina, my husband the duck, our friend the pork. The dessert selections were underwhelming. I prefer fruit desserts but the only selection was a banana semifreddo which given the season (late September) was disappointing. So all three of us ended up with the chocolate dessert. It was a lovely presentation but tasted like a glorified brownie. The best part were the candied pistachios sprinkled on the plate and the small bittersweet square. Upon reflecting on the menu selections my husband and I were disappointed to realize that given the abundance of September local harvest there was virtually none on the menu. What happened to heirloom tomatoes or peppers or eggplant - none on the menu! For dessert, what happened to late season nectarines and peaches and fall apples - none! As for the server, our waitress was solicitous at first but as the meal progressed less so. I asked for a refill of coffee. Although she brought it, her nonverbal cue was that it was an imposition; and to make her point, she brought me an almost empty creamer. We love the idea of a "neighborhood gem" but with this last experience we won't be back anytime soon.First 5 star on yelp . Thought the chef might be adding too many ingredients but each dish was better than the next. Great chicken with cabbage and wonderful crab bingeuts and scallops .. everything just great. Will come back for tasting menuI recently went on a first date at Mica. It was a perfect setting for a romantic date, dimly lit and cozy. We were seated in the small back room which was fine as there was a very large party in the front room. Our waitress was well informed and not obtrusive. The real star of the staff was the wine steward. He was surprisingly young to have such strong opinions about wines. He helped us choose excellent wines to pair with our wonderful meal.