Super authentic hole-in-the-wall breakfast place with a Latin vibe. The music is literally just a Sonos speaker plugged into the wall.. very casual and everyone is very friendly. As for the food, the eggs are probably the best I've had. They prepare them secretly that you have to find out for yourself by visiting. 
Chill vibe, good company, and reasonable pricing. Over all a great place to visit for Sunday brunch.I thoroughly enjoyed my Surfer Sandwich.  You can probably tell from the massive shark bite in my sandwich.  It was very tasty.  They ran out of ciabatta bread so they put it on a sub roll.  Most restaurants would have put the pre- portioned turkey on the sub roll and it would have been all bread and no meat...but not Middle Child!  They put enough turkey and fix-ins to fill the entire sub!  That's what I'm talking about!  I highly recommend!I've visited Middle Child on two occasions and both times I left quite happy with my experience.  The food is great and the staff is outgoing and friendly.Slowly and delightfully making my through their whole menu. As a self-proclaimed "sandwich guy" there are a few baseline requirements to win my full support: excellent bread (yes); sound construction (definitely; these guys hand craft with LOVE); and excellent/unexpected condiment enhancements (hoison? miso? masala jam? yup.).
This is a great spot to grab breakfast or lunch- would highly recommend the So Long Sal, which tastes exactly like an italian sub should but has some fun twists; the Surfer; and the Pho-gie. They're also really quick with a helpful suggestion if the options are just too much to handle.Middle Child has a cozy, authentic feel with quality food at a great price. Definitely recommend.Food is really well done, obviously they care about quality. There's enough new Orleans stuff in here to warrant something a little southern. My pitch: a beignets with cream cheese icing instead of powdered sugar. You call it the Beign Franklin.  So happy this place is doing well. Will be back.Awesome place for a quick breakfast. They had some clear cut vegan options which is awesome. I got the Phogie and it was awesome. The chef? Gave the people I was with some toast with local cheese and blueberry spread and they said that was bomb.com. Better cheap as much menu items are below $10. Great spot and very friendly staff. I'm from Boston so I'll be dreaming about the Phogie for awhile...Just discovered this place on my last day at Jefferson. Amazingly delicious food plus great ambiance and the sweetest people you could ever hope to meet.Great spot, it really is, and I say this as a middle child. I was freezing and wanted something warm and boom, there I was with an excellent Reuben with special "sawce." As that brand new grill gets broken in, these will only get better...Their Vegan sandwich is delicious.I never tested sandwich this good.Though give them 4 star because of hardness of the bread.It was super crunch for me.It destroyed the roof of my mouth.Visiting Philadelphia and stopped in to Middle Child for breakfast.  Besides looking inviting on the outside with big picture windows and a clever name, I stepped inside and was transported back to a neighborhood meeting place with an updated soda shop vibe.  Great music and friendly people.  After checking out the shelves filled with great food products I ordered a breakfast sandwich with egg, sausage, cheese and arugula on potato bread.  It was the best I ever had!!!  I cannot wait to go back for lunch!The food here is amazing. I tried three different sandwiches, the so long sal, the surfer, and a brisket special and they were all amazing. Very cool neighborhood spot with friendly staff, this will definitely be a regular stop for me. Also the sandwiches are built really well and the bread is perfect.Friendly staff. Great food. I wish there were more options. Been there a few times and I wish I could try more stuff.Love the name. Love the staff. Looooove the food! Everything about this place is spot on. The sandwiches are FANtastic. Can't say more good things. You should go.This place was not what I expected and that is not in a negative way. I was expecting table service but here you just place your order at the cashier from a menu on a wall. Really a simplified process and I like it. Now the food was good. I ordered the scrambled egg combo with hash brown square, potato toast, and bacon. Food was amazing and the eggs were about 3 eggs. The place is real clean and I like the brightness as it helped wake me up. Staff was very friendly so if your in Philly check this place out.Great little diner. Went in before an early flight and got the breakfast platter with smoked sausage. The eggs and sausage were delicious and the toast was perfectly browned. Very well priced with good coffee as well.Great find for breakfast. Friendly staff. Food and coffee excellent. Neighborhood gem. Definitely a locals vibe. Keep the secret!This tiny restaurant is an awesome spot near Midtown Village section of Philadelphia! I decided to go here for lunch before a suit fitting in the city. The place has almost a corner store type feel in the city, and it very dineresque. The staff here is very friendly and willing to make you feel important here. I decided to get The Surfer as my sandwich of choice since that sounded the most appealing. The sandwich had big pieces of turkey in it, and the blueberry-masala jam was sweet and tart. It was an excellent sandwich in my opinion! Awesome small spot close to Center City if you are in the mood for a good sandwich!Great place to have a delicious breakfast/brunch/lunch.  Food is cooked to order and comes to your table hot.  Everything is fresh  -- food is interesting, but not crazy, so there is something for everyone.  We arrived at 11 AM which means we did not have to wait for a table, but we would have gladly waited for this place.  Staff is very friendly and clearly cares about the patrons.  Don't miss this gemI got the Breakfast Sandwich and I'd say that it was okay, not mind-blowing but a good comfort dish with high quality potato toast. I definitely appreciate the made to order experience even though it's a little bit of a wait but the place wasn't crowded for a Sunday lunch and the seating area is open with lots of natural light. Next time I'd definitely like to try the specialty sandwiches!I really like this spot a lot for grabbing a quick sandwich and coffee for breakfast. It's got a very modern and clean sort of appearance. There are a couple tables to sit down at, as well as a bar area with plenty of outlets. 
Elixr coffee and delicious sandwiches. They also have a breakfast platter if you're just looking to get a few eggs, hash browns, and meat. 
Awesome service, everyone working there today was so friendly and accommodating.Ho boy. We were in town for two days and came here on a whim on the 4th of July. It was tiny, packed, and it smelled like warm bread and cheese... a.k.a "heaven." We ordered our sandwiches and sort of split them amongst everyone so we could try a bunch. Without a doubt everyone loved the Phoagie, their vegan offering, and the Surfer. On their website they let you know that their ciabatta takes two days to make and seeing as we got the last one on the holiday, I treasured it like the piece of bread-gold that it was. 
TLDR; visited Philly for two days, came back before leaving on the second day for a breakfast sandwich it was *that* good.My new go to lunch place. Four of us shared 4 different sandwiches and each one was amazing. We couldn't pick a favorite because each was so good. We had the Phogie (veg option), the turkey Reuben, a turkey club type sandwich, and the blintz sandwich. We ended with a slice of Oreo cheesecake. Wow! Cute retro decor, friendly service, worthy of 5 stars.This place was a quaint local eatery located in Philly. In the mood for a good breakfast, this place hit the spot just right. I recommend walking here if possible or enjoy the wrath of attempting to find parking in the city. Menu is small but mighty here. The coffee is also fantastic. Upon arrival, my boyfriend and I were immediately greeted and order taken. This place is a first come, first served as far as seating goes. It's a simple breakfast but taste delicious. Prices are reasonable and they also have a selection of pastries you can choose from. Food was brought out quickly and was the perfect temperature with great flavor. If you're looking for good food, good service, and good experience, I recommend coming here and checking it out. Compared to some of Philly's local eateries, you won't be disappointed with the overall customer service!!Very nice little spot for brunch or lunch. The menu is a little small but everything they offer is very good. I had the phogie which was the eggplant sandwich and it was delicious and really interesting. My friends had the egg sandwich and the Reuben sandwich and both looked very good. Cozy little place that's great for a rainy day brunch. The place is a little small so get there early for a tableGreat addition the neighbor.  Comfort food at it's best as you can tell from the smile on my daughter's face with here grilled cheese.  Very good vegan tomato bisque and a perfect place for a quick stop with kids or when you do not feel like cooking!I got the reuben sandwich with corned beef. It was flavorful and yummy. However, it left the roof of my mouth sore, so be aware of the bread. For one sandwich, it was a bit pricey. A side would have been nice. All in all, I really enjoyed the sandwich, but I will definitely try something else next time.Wanted to go to Green Eggs but line was too long.    This place is the BOMB if you care about your food.    Everything made to order, fresh and VERY tasty!    These guys here really care about making sure you get the best food in a friendly atmosphere.   You will not be disappointed!     Just a heads up...no eggs after Noon.Casual atmosphere with amazing sandwiches. I got the surfer and it was incredible - perfect balance of every ingredient. Every bite was interesting and complex! Guys who work there were super friendly and made us feel comfortable - would recommend to anyone looking for a quick bite.I read all the reviews and wanted to see what the hype was about. To be honest I wasn't that impressed. I came on a weekday morning and it took forever to get my food. I ordered egg cheese and bacon on bread and it was so expensive so I was expecting a big portion and it was literally just a slice of toast with an egg and cheese which I could have made at home. This place is definitely expensive and I tried their homemade lemonade tea thing and it was okay. Not really a fan for the price.This place has the coolest Sunday morning vibe in Philly!  The guys who work here and own the place are super relaxed and welcoming.  The food is really creative, simple but special.  Scrambled eggs with cheese like a Parisian soufflé, made on the induction burners while you wait... top shelf ingredients across the board... way to go!Great spot. Really fresh, well thought out menu. Something for everybody. Great service.I got the Blintz Toast and it was quite unique. The cheese balanced the masala jam quite well. The 4 stars is because the bread was a little burnt and it kinda gave the whole dish a dry consistency. I can't wait to come back and try the other dishes. The staff was also very friendly and efficient, but I waited about 15 minutes for the toast.Awesome spot for breakfast and lunch - highly recommend the "Phogie". Philly themed and the feels of your classic neighborhood joint.Literally just had the best breakfast sandwich I think ever in life. Will deff be back !Fell in love with this Middle Child.  Shared an assortment of sandwiches with friends, including the short rib beef Ruben, turkey ruben, egg sandwich and most importantly the Phogie, a vegan concoction with the perfect amount of spicy kick.  Perfect for platters and parties.  I'm all in.Solid Cobb salad with kale and arugula topped with fresh bacon strips. Love the old diner vibe with Wu-Tang playing in the background. Definitely coming back to check out the sandwiches, they seem to be what Middle Child is known for.This was a fun place. The guys behind the counter were dancing and greeting everyone coming in, and the decor is quirky. You pay at the counter but they bring you the food and check on you like at a more formal sit-down place. You bus your own plates though.
The Phoagie was incredible and the portion was bigger than I was expecting too. Try it.Came here because the Green Egg was so crowded. This is perfect! Small and delicious. Just a few perfect choices. Hot or cold coffee. Just a simple and perfect breakfast with friendly chefs.This is a wonderful small and simple brunch/lunch restaurant. There is a bar with seating for 6 people, another bar with seating for 3, and 4 small tables. There is an open kitchen and everything is very clean. It's almost like a tiny diner. The menu is simple but covers the basics - breakfast platter, breakfast sandwich, lox bagel, yogurt and granola, sandwiches, salads, etc.
We came on a Sunday at 11:15am and were able to immediately get a seat. I had the yogurt and granola and a cold brew coffee. Both were very good. The yogurt had masala (Indian spices) in it which made it unique and interesting. My boyfriend had an egg sandwich that was delicious, although it took about 15 minutes to make. The music was cool too - lots of Weezer and rock tunes!
This place is cute and perfect for a quick breakfast bite. Will come here again!This is my new favorite lunch spot.  Great,  not typical,  sandwiches! The BLT was soooooo good!Friendly service, fresh and tasty food. Yum! I loved the breakfast sandwich  the eggs were so fluffy - definitely add hash browns.Get the Shopsin sandwich- AMAZING. Best sandwich I've had in a while and the guys cooking are super friendlyMy hubby's favorite new sandwich shop. And now it is for me too because they offer a very nice gluten free bread. I really enjoyed the surfer - great combo!  Cannot say enough good things about the staff - super sweet and friendly!This place is cool. Nice people working behind the counter. I think the reason why I'm not giving it 5 stars is because it definitely was more expensive than I thought it would be with only one dollar sign. I ordered a Reuben that cost $9.45 before chips and a drink.it was good, but it was small and I was still hungry after. There are too many other places to get a sizable meal for the same price, if not less.Stumbled across Middle Child for a quick breakfast! Super unassuming cafe in CC. Serves Elixir coffee, breakfast plates and unique sandwiches in a minimalist diner with an open kitchen and countertop seating. The owner, Matt, was awesome - he introduced himself to us, asked where we lived in the neighborhood and made us excited to become regulars! Now for the food - MY GOODNESS. I made the decision to get the breakfast plate, with scrambled eggs, honey oat toast & hash browns. My boyfriend ordered the turkey deli special (with a bowl of cream of tomato) which was house made turkey, curry mayo, Orange juice soaked yellow raisins, pickled red onions, arugula and mint on honey oat bread. IT WAS INSANE. Every bite was exciting and I never wanted it to end. I am so excited to work my way through the menu! Definitely one of Philly's top spots.Excellent breakfast. Fluffy scrambled eggs, crisp beacon, fresh coffee. In addition they have super tasty gluten free toast, a rarity, I have Celiac. You order at the counter and take a seat and they serve you. Good service, free coffee refills, and a very reasonable price. Highly recommend.I had the Standard Platter with some cold fresh OJ. It was soooo good. some bacon, some fluffy eggs, arugula with hash browns (so sweet, wow) and the honey oat bread it was a perfect breakfast  
Great food, friendly and cute staff. Y'all know this spot offers the best breakfast in Philadelphia? It's true don't miss out.
YumNice little cafe to grab a sandwich, a solid cup of coffee, and some good folk-style tunes. Phoagie was a tasty vegan option with a hint of sweetness.Rad sandwich spot with great breakfast and lunch. Cool and happy vibes, perfect to get a good start to your morning or for a solid break at lunch. Try the Reuben or the phoagie!Chef Matthew and crew have a gold mine in center city. Walking distance from the historic district - we found this small take out / sit down place. The food is great, the portions are just right, and music is perfect. Clean and bright, all the basics met, right?
Then I tried the grilled cheese. AMAZING. The everything bagel? As though I was in the lower east side of NYC. The breakfast platter, super fresh. Get the hash browns. So good. 
Everything is made to order, so you might have to wait a few minutes. Deal with it! 
My kids wanted to suggest - waffles, chef. And in my humble opinion, throw some tomato and fried onions on that "kids" grilled cheese to make it a "big boy" style.
Can't want to go back. See the photos!Very excellent, friendly service, and even better food! Had the breakfast sandwich and it's incredible, person I was with had the standard platter and we devoured our breakfasts. Will come back again!This place is the JAWN. Perfect affordable & convenient breakfast/lunch spot with a cool look and quality soundtrack.
We got the Breakfast Sando and The Surfer and then split the Blintz Toast... all were A+. The eggs on the Breakfast Sando were fluffy and the potato bread was delicious and perfectly toasted. Would highly recommend The Surfer - great classic turkey sandwich put over the top by that blueberry-masala jam. The jam was so good we doubled up and got the Blintz Toast; the combo with the cheese was on-point.
Spread the word... this should be one of your go-to morning/afternoon spots!Heard all the buzz about this place so decided to check it out. It was well worth it.
Super friendly experience. Greeted by the guys behind the counter as soon as I walked in. They clearly give a poo about the customer as much as the food/ratings.
Had the turkey ruben which was delicious. There were quite a few other options I wanted to check out. Some limited outdoor seating too, which is cool. 
A bit of a cross between a sandwich counter and diner, and they do it well. Will be back.So excited about this place opening up! Have had the turkey sandwich with house-made masala jam and the Phogie, both of which were amazing! The Phogie is truly a marvelous feat... they figured out how to turn a soup into a sandwich!!! I dream about the crispy onions with the eggplant, cilantro and fresh lime juice. A must try - no excuse not to because its vegan! (fine, maybe you can't eat it if you're gluten free...)
Love the ambiance. The decor has a minimal aesthetic with lots oh Philly charm. The old school jams also set the tone for a relaxed-but-still-with-it-vibe. Will definitely be venturing to the Gayborhood more frequently just to swing by this shop!! Also enjoy that you can pick up some eclectic snacks while you're there to enjoy with your meal. Can't wait to try some other food options on the menu!This is cute place in central Philly has a very vintage diner feel. You walk in and immediately see a small display of unusual food item for sale. There is also a counter where you can order your food or sit at and you can look right into the kitchen. There is limited amount of seating since it is such a small place but that just adds to its character. This place is also new but is clearly going to become a neighborhood favorite for locals as well as visitors. If I lived closer I would make it my daily routine to go here for one of their delicious breakfast sandwiches everyday. The service is quick and everyone is so so friendly. The Middle Child is classic but unique and definitely one of a kind.Food was great. The service was too. Nice ambiance. Phogie was everything I hoped it would be and more.I eat at Middle Child multiple times a week. The staff are super friendly and will recognize and welcome you by name if you come regularly. I have been eating my way through the menu and everything has been delicious. I usually get the Phoagie which really tastes like a bowl of pho turned into a sandwich. This is a great neighborhood spot with a constant stream of regulars.Super delicious sandwich spot around the Jefferson hospital. They make everything fresh to order, so it takes a while. But totally worth it to chill in line, and then picnic outside. I ordered a hoisin eggplant sandwich and the bread was baked/toasted to perfection while the sandwich was exploding with flavor. Highly recommend!
They also have fun kitchen knick knacks and cook books that are great to browse while waiting and get a whimsical gift for a friendI went in yesterday with my fiance and we had the Phogie and Ruben; both were delicious! The phogie comes on a wonderful sesame seed roll and is an excellent blend of flavors with the perfect amount of spice to it. I don't usually go for vegan options but I would 10/10 get this again. The Ruben was served hot on some toasty buttery rye bread and was one of the best I've had in Philadelphia. The russian dressing wasn't too sweet and the ratio of corned beef to sauerkraut was on point! 
We sat at the counter and had a great time talking to the chef and sampling the fresh baked goods. We are so excited to have a go to sandwich shop in the neighborhood and are looking forward to coming back for breakfast!Amazing sandwiches on delicious bread. The Shopsin Club is the best club sandwich I've ever had. Great pickles! 
Simple menu, counter service, limited seating but it's a sandwich shop so people aren't staying forever and seats come up quickly. 
Warm and friendly service and very cool space.  
100% recommend for breakfast and lunch.The Phoagie was amazing! Inventive banh mi at its best. The grilled cheese was awesome as well. Service, so kind and patient. This is a must visit place!!I just discovered this gem. Vegetarian and vegan friendly. The staff was super nice and well informed about menu items. There was steady traffic both eating in and take out.
I had the Greek salad sandwich, which had amazing pickled vegetables and delightfully spiced delicata squash. All the ingredients were fresh and the bread was excellent. I will definitely be back to sample the rest of their menu.Called in for the breakfast sandwich and was ready as I walked in and sat down and was offered coffee .  Coffee was a healthy blend and that damn sandwich is my favorite breakfast sandwich of all time.  It's perfect!! Keep it up guys!!This is one of my favorite new spots for lunch in Philly. If you're a vegetarian (or even if you aren't!) The phoagie is amazing. The staff are also super personable and fun. Highly recommend!Killer breakfast sandwich, great coffee, and great staff. They talked us through our order and we're spot on with what we were looking for.Finally, it's finally refreshing to have a non-generic sandwich shop around work!
Must get: phoagie, ham I am
Meh: so long sal
Missed out; all other sandwiches
If you're looking for something new, Middle Child's got you covered. They are known for their phoagie, a hipster twist on a Vietnamese staple banh mi with a hoagie. That being said, I wished there was more eggplant to sauce ratio as the creamy texture robbed this potentially healthy sandwich of any life-prolonging benefits. That being said, if you're looking for some delicious coronary clogging goodness, look no further than the ham-i-am. This is a deliciously hyper-buttered sandwich that is light on volume, but heavy on calories. I really enjoyed the texture and taste contrast between the ham and the apple, but this is a sandwich that deserves a full workup before and after.
Overall, this was a fun little joint and recommend stopping by if you're not busy.
Food; 4 stars
Price: 4 stars
Service: 4 stars
Ambiance: 4 starsBEST SANDWICH PLACE EVERRRRRRR
I am completely udderly obsessed with the So Long Sal sandwich. I've had dreams about this sandwich. The artichoke spread and house dressing makes this sandwich sing. I highly recommend if you're in the mood for an amped up Italian sandwich. 
Staff was super friendly and talkative and let me know if I needed any help. I even ordered a semi-custom sandwich and they subbed out all of my requests with no complaints - in fact with a smile. 
I drove around the block for about 10 min to find a parking spot and damn am I happy I did. There is a parking garage right on 11th too. So worth the wait!!I stayed at Jefferson Hospital with my boyfriend who hates hospital food, I wanted something other than your food trucks on the corner so I looked at my location in my map and came across MC what a nice surprise.. The staff was excellent and the food was sooooo tasty. I'm really a hard critic and I had to take the time to say they are FANTASTIC !!!Son of a...
I've lived in Philadelphia for about 4 years and just found this gem of a place...and of course I am moving out of the city tomorrow. The sandwich was on point and the workers are cool.i ate phoagie sandwich. it was very good~! especially, bread  was very crispy like crunchy! i love it! but eggplant so cold.....Loved this unassuming place! The staff are super friendly - not just in a good-customer-service way, but in an I-want-to-be-your-friend way. We ordered the two sandwiches, the Surfer & Court Street's Reuben, that were recommended to us and were not disappointed. There was a very generous stuff to bread ratio in each of the sandwiches, the bread was perfectly crispy, and the flavors were on point. The space is very cute, with small tables and high-top bar seating to choose from. Will definitely be back for quick brunches!Great casual breakfast/brunch addition to the area. Especially enjoyed the Phoagie - great blend of savory and crisp flavors and textures. Wife enjoyed the B-fast sando - will definitely add some sausage and avocado to take it to the next level. Salad was refreshing and crisp. Will  be heading back to try the rest of the selections for sure.
Mama's jewish apple cake was definitely the right way to finish off brunch--recommend it.Amazing sandwiches and soups!
Fresh, creative sandwiches filled with so much flavor and love.
I've tried the Hershel Waker(3 times) filled with homemade corned beef, eggs cheese and yummy toasted rye.
I've also had the Phoegie which is a signature sandwich similar Vietnamese Ban mi sandwiches but a little different featuring instead eggplant and cilantro and so many yummy vegetables. Just a mouth implosion of flavor it's nuts. A must try!
GF tried the Shopsin Club which was also super fresh turkey and super yummy.
Today I tried the celery soup with an olive oil drizzle and previously I've had the tomato soup with the same drizzle, both super fresh, touch of cream and tasty.
They serve good coffee from Elixir Roasters and also have other beverages.
I can't wait to try all their other sandwich concoctions ASAP.AMAZING sandwiches! They put a nice little spin on classics - reubens, Italians, breakfast sandwiches - all of which are perfectly executed. Very friendly staff and a bright and cheery atmosphere inside. MUST TRY!It's simple. 
Sometimes you just want a meal made simply and deliciously with no frills. The presentation here is a cherry on top. I had the basic breakfast with toast, arugula, eggs, and potatoes. Just perfect. I'd not have changed a thing about it. The eggs were so fluffy, the potatoes were soft and tasty. The portion size was perfect, and not wasteful. The price was right. 
Beautiful space and yummy food! I'd highly recommend.First rate in every way. Have a GF friend . She had the homemade lox. Said the GF bread was super good. I had the Hershel Walker , homemade short rib corned beef, fluffy eggs, Cooper sharp. My wife had the standard breakfast. Sausage toast eggs. Every thing was great. Coffee was super! Was just reviewed in the Inquire . Owner was great so was everyone and everything. Great quality and value. I can't wait to go back.Really fun little breakfast/sandwich shop in Wash West. Creative menu helps break up the monotony of the Primo/Jimmy Johns in the area. I tried the "Surfer", which was a nice take on a turkey and swiss with arugula and a blueberry mostardo. As a bonus they have Zapp's chips, which are just about the best in the game. Super friendly staff and cool retro vibe. Love supporting small businesses like this and will definitely be back.Had a late lunch and read about Phogie and being a bit of a foodie and it had amazing flavors .  I thought at some point inside of sandwich should be warm I just couldn't tell. Unique and delicious just felt confused.  Additionally just went for breakfast sandwich and was perfect.. reason for increasing to 5 stars . I was recommended to upgrade to sausage and it was awesome.. nice job .. love the personality Of the people and the simplicity of menu.  Trust a cook to feed you and they are cooks .Came here for breakfast sandwiches but was unable to due to a cut off time. Got the court street reuben with bacon and avocados--delicious! Meat was very flavorful, avocado was fresh and bacon was crispy and rye was toasted to perfection. It tends to get very busy and crowded and wait time for your food to be ready was around 30-60mins.