What had been a consistent place for diner fare in center city recently has slipped the last 2 deliveries...the nova lox platter arrived with off-smelling lox in lesser quantity (which considering the odor may not be a bad thing -- pun intended) and the latest delivery arrived without the toasted bagel.  It may be that after-hour breakfasts remain a strength but given the recent disappointments, I'd have to eat it to believe it.It's your typical diner with standard diner food. I've only actually eaten breakfast here once and I can't really remember what I had but it wasn't amazing or horrible. What I'm really reviewing on, is the cheesecake. They make quite possibly the best cheesecake I've ever had. Its about 30 bucks give or take a little, and I usually go straight to the counter and order a whole cake with not much of a wait at all, they must make them in advance and keep the refrigerated. Just the recently tho, the woman in front was kind of short with me when she tried to sit me and I said I just wanted to order a cheesecake. After a slight eye roll, she asked what for? I was kind of confused and said for a birthday? She kind of scoffed and asked when? I tried not to be rude and answered now if you have any. Anyway, the unnecessary conversation was interrupted by the owner's daughter (i think) who very kindly asked me to wait while she checked if there was a full cheesecake in the back, which there was. This incident won't, however, deter me from coming back.Terrific diner!  Very friendly atmosphere, great quality food, clean, AND large portions.  What more could you ask for?  All at a very reasonable price!  Loved the french onion soup and chicken parmesan.  We were visiting from Southern California where good food seems hard to come by.  Will definitely return to the Midtown II restaurant when we are back in Philadelphia.Great diner food. Deliver 24/7 for free and fast!  Food is always hot and good quality at a reasonable price.
Anybody posting bad reviews clearly aren't paying attention to the fact that this place is a DINER.  They don't claim to be a 5-star restaurant.  For a diner, it's top notch.Beeeewaaareeee of the bathroooomssss (spooky voice). I can get down a dirty when need be, but these are worse than port-a-potty status. I may be scared for life. So you're better off holding it.
On a brighter note. This place is OK if  you have a craving for diner food. I get breakfast for lunch & a coffee milkshake. Service is pleasant and food comes out fast.This restaurant offers everything you could want from a diner breakfast- cheap, filling, and deliciously sloppy food. Their portions are just right, which is awesome, because diners tend to overdo it. The decor is cute, in a classic 50s style with jukeboxes on each table. Will definitely come back, but probably won't get the eggs benedict because the hollandaise sauce was a little watery.The bathroom is the most disgusting place on earth. The bacon grilled cheese is pretty solid. The servers will make you want to do very well in school.I came here after a recommendation from one of the workers at a nearby store. I wanted to go to Green Eggs but the wait was 45 minutes. When I got here, the place wasn't crowded and we were seated immediately. The waitress was really friendly and checked on us frequently. I ordered a bacon, cheddar omelette, home fries and wheat toast. The good was okay. I really enjoyed the home fries. We were in and out in about 45  minutes. I would try other things here if I'm in the neighborhood and I'm hungry!you get what you ask for. no frills diner in gayborhood. can also pick music on the lil jukebox at your table. don't mind if i do...Great old time diner. Good breakfast and very reasonably priced. Glad to have them in the neighborhood. Waitresses are friendly and always ready to fill your coffee mug.To me this seems like the hidden Midtown. Maybe that's why it took me so long to get here. A bit more modern than the others. Split into 3 sections. Two dining rooms and a small bar. Went around 2 on a friday night. the breakfast is good, they gave me a slab of cream cheese the size of a large slice of scrapple when i asked. i barely used any so i took the rest home. and a first for me, i never knew you could get colt 45 in a 12 oz. bottle. so happy, i took it with me, but ended up smashing it against a brick wall. what was i thinking?Alright, they deserve 2 for the food fosho, but I have to give them their props for being 24 hrs and delivering (+1)! We didn't know what they had on the menu since we ordered delivery, but knew they would have a cheesesteak and hot wings and it was 3 am after the club, so we did it. about $16 for those two items (7 hot wings). as mentioned, poor food quality, but I'll get into that...now. 
Hot wings were large. We ordered 7 and they were the full wing, meaning drum, forearm, and even that little retarded wing all still attached. While I am glad that we got seven full wings, it was kinda a pain to have to tear them apart while eating them. They tasted like they were boiled, but really didn't have that fried texture at all, so I don't know what went wrong there. They were definitely spicy, but lacked a lot of the other flavor that I like in my hot wing sauce. However, most disturbing, a couple of them weren't cooked all the way to the bone, so we couldn't eat them. 
The cheesesteak was, well diner cheesesteak. The roll was correct, the steak was not seasoned particularly well. My wife got hot peppers on it, which I don't prefer. The whiz was right tho. I had a little bit of a cold, so the meat coulda had a little more seasoning that i remember, but it was definitely not amazing. I would give it maybe 3 star quality overall. 
So why 3? Well, the cheesesteak could prob get 2.5, the wings, 1, but the delivery and hrs, bump it back up to about 2.5, but barely. So, I'll give them them a 2 even tho I didn't try the standard diner offerings.Iit looks like the atmosphere is pretty classic and your food is only as good as your order, but still, undercooked food is just a health risk.The Midtown is one of those places that is many things to many people. To some people it is a reliable oasis of comfort foods in a desert of trendy fly by night joints. To others it is a dive. 
I went to the Midtown with my friend Mario last Friday basically cause it was hot out and neither of us wanted to traipse around town and risk heat stroke. What I got was an excellent meal for a very reasonable price. 
We both ordered the Blue Fish, which came as a special. The Midtown II is famous for their specials, which are very generous even by diner standards. 
For 8.99 you get a side salad, a small soup, two side orders, a beverage and a dessert. 
The waitress was one of those Central Casting waitresses. You know the type. 4 grown kids, none of them call. She calls you "Hon" like it was the first word out of her mouth. She may have been a babe in high school, which occured sometime between the Bronze Age and the Italian Renaissance. 
She was very quick and very nice. We both got our salads within minutes of ordering. My sides were fried eggplant and mac and cheese. The mac and cheese was a little lukewarm but still very tasty. It was the kind of mac and cheese you would get about anywhere in American on a Sunday afternoon. And that's a good thing. The fried eggplant was nothing special but I ate it. 
The bluefish was broiled just right, with a little Old Bay sprinkled on top. 
Overall a very nice meal,.This is my favorite Midtown out of all its many incarnations.  Not because of the food, service, or 24/7 availability, because Midtown II is just like any other diner.  No, it's my favorite because when the bars close on weekends, it's the most entertaining diner in the city.  Because of its location (Midtown aka...), you'll encounter some really great characters.  It's such a hoot!When I want a decent, unhealthy breakfast, this is where I go.  Midtown II is perfect diner food.  
I've only ever ordered off the breakfast menu because a) I love breakfast and b) they have turkey bacon.  Everything I've ever ordered has been awesome.  The omelets are big and stuffed with a ton of meats and veggies and served with a giant side of home fries for a really low price.  The staff is extremely friendly and makes you feel like a regular, even if you're not.  
Definitely a great place to stop for a big, hearty, greasy, no-frills breakfast.This place is fantastic!!! It's typical diner food but what brings me back time and time again (about 2-3 times week) is the amazing waitress' and the atmosphere. While its not a "gay" place they are extremely gay friendly!!! There are always other gay couples or groups there and not just after the bars close. They ladies that wait on us are always in a great mood, fast, and personable!!! Every time I am there I have nothing less than excellent service. On the rare occasion I want a late night meal and end up elsewhere, I am reminded why I love this place!!!Like Midtown III (I believe they are owned by the same people), the food at Midtown II is what you would expect from a diner. This location can be tricky to understand at first, as one entrance leads you into a super sketchy bar. My friend and I were a little offended until we realized that the restaurant extends into another room apart from the bar area. 
The only complaint that I have about this location is that the waitresses seem to gossip and even become concerned with the affairs of the customers. There's definitely a tight-night employee/friend atmosphere among the waitresses but I was somewhat put off by their loud ranting about all things possible. Two stars sums it up, "Meh. I've experienced better."I hail from Jersey (don't stop reading), land of diners, so I'm well aware that people can be such snobs about them-- but I love 'em! 
Midtown II is right up my love-for-diners alley. Lots of options, food comes out fast, can buy a lot of things single (one egg, a bagel, one pancake? sure, why not!) -- the foundation of a good diner. Then add to the mix the waitresses calling you "honey" and individual jukeboxes in the booths and I'm lovin' it! (Four quarters gets you 3 songs... saaaweet!) 
The only reason why I can't give this place 4 stars is that I have been to diners where the food really shines. Here it's all about fast and convenient.  And after a night of drinkin', I ain't complainin'!I do like Midtown 2 and for it's conveince being a 24 hr. diner in center city. My only beef with it? The just 'eh' ok food. Especially at night into early morn' where the waitresses are just in an 'eh' mood. Service is great otherwise and the atmosphere, especially niteowl time is when Midtown trani-forms into Gaytown 2. Complete with 'OMG Mary!' and 'Uh uh!' from about 2am to 515am. 
If you want tastier food and at a cheaper price make a trip way out South Philly to 'Oregon Diner'. It's also 24 hrs. If you don't mind the hike, bike, or drive to 3rd and Oregon, it's worth the trip.
But still Midtown has a place in my heart...
(The part that is desperate and drunk when hungry.)I've been here at least a dozen times -- although Midtown IV was my favorite before it closed (because it was the most quiet and private), I suppose this location is just fine for whenever I'm in Philadelphia and get late night cravings for Scrapple and eggs... Food is good and cheap and of decent quality, service is warm and fast and friendly every single time... On my most recent visit, two days ago, the waitress showered me with sincere kindness and generosity, which is always greatly appreciated.Solid food, nice staff. It's a diner, so don't expect haute cuisine, but expect to find a great place for a late-night meal or relaxed conversation.I stopped by to get a bite to eat with my mother . The hot and delicious. Priced nicely The server Trevor was very helpful and patient with my mother . He got her everything we needed and there was not a long wait . Thank you for a very enjoyable dinner with my mom. I recommend everyone to stop in especially after doctors appointments to relax and enjoy a meal. Ask for TrevorIt's said that the people of North Korea don't rebel because they don't know any better.  After all, no outside media is allowed.  I even once heard that they believe the rest of the world is suffering the same tortures.  They believe there is no alternative.
Midtown is kind of like that, except the lack of alternative is reality.
After the closure of Silk City, there's only one place in Center City to sit down and eat a post 2am meal and that' Midtown.  Not unlike the people of North Korea, we have to suffer through endless torture when we eat meals at Midtown -- eggs that are runny, pathetic excuses for grilled cheese, and deserts that taste like Styrofoam.  With only one exception, all of the servers are miserable and clearly don't want to be there.
And yet, I keep going back.  And yet, Kim Jong Ill remains in power.  All of this is for the same reason.Browsed the huge menu and ordered through yelp which was super easy.  I walked in to pick up and was greeted by a full case of delicious looking desserts and had to add some to the order. My order was ready in under 10 minutes! The service was excellent- the gentleman that helped me was very friendly and passionate about his job. The meal was great, the dessert even better! Generous portions, delicious food, and excellent service- 5 stars all the way!Ok so as far as philly diners go, this one always does me just right! As a runner I have been here pre-race and post-race and their delicious sampling of breakfast foods (including delicious grits), the ever-necessary greasy goodness, as well as some Greek fare has always left me leaving here full and satisfied... and a deal of a price.
Service is great, they have a huge pastry case in front so if your hankering for something you can get it, however I have not tried anything from the case.
They are open early and late, well maybe they don't close...and there is a bar pretty much attached so you can eat cheap then drink cheap - how is this wrong. I will say it's a little "divey" but hey that is my thing... it's a great joint and I know ill be going backordered a grilled ham and swiss for pick-up. was ready on time. Nothing special about the sandwich but not bad either. could have been more generous with the ham. threw some chips in there which i wasn't expecting, so that was nice. would recommend this place when you get the nightime munchies and there aren't a lot of options. the milkshakes are spot on. give this place a chanceWhere old wait staff go to die
Same old menu with a few new items
No parking don't even try
Ok diner foodBoo to the Hilton Garden Inn for recommending this place with great enthusiasm. "Mediocre" does this place too much justice. I really think I could have made a better breakfast in my hotel room, using the microwave. If the Dutch Eating Place had been open on Sunday, we would have gone there and not been subjected to this boring diner.Came here late night with a group after a marathon drinking session. As the food was passed out to the table I immediately noticed how small an i ever cooked the burger patties looked. The table pretty much ordered burgers, chicken souvlacki, fries and onion rings. I've already described the burgers. Some of the fries were cold. The chicken souvlacki was meh. Pretty bland and stingy on the chicken. I don't even know how thisI was pretty disappointed with this place. I had heard good things and decided to get the roast beef sandwich. The menu said it was "fresh off the block", but it tasted overlooked and dry. Definitely not fresh off the block. I also got the German chocolate cake, but it was dry and had chocolate pudding as a middle filling instead of icing. What I got a was pretty bad, but I do have to say the people I ate with were very happy with their burgers and fries. Maybe I got the wrong thing, but I think it's pretty hard to mess up roast beef. It just has to be good beef and fresh! They did have very friendly servers though. Also, even though they do have beer you should know before you go that what they have is very limited.The place is really slow.
We had come there just before 2 am. The place was about half way full. We asked the man at the counter if they did to go orders. The man ignored our question and told the waitress to sit us at back near the kitchen.
When we take our order 5 min later, we informed her we wanted our order to go. The waitress seems annoyed by our request. She takes our order and then we wait.
The place seemed to be in a state of chaos. A man on left received an incorrect order. The couple in front of us waited 20 minutes for a BLT. After 10 minutes after placing our order the waitress said it would be right out. 20 minutes go by and then she says it will be out ASAP. After another 10 min. We are falling asleep at the table. We ask the waitress for status and she says it will be ASAP. We ask her for an ETA. She says she doesn't know. She can't state that anything is prepared.
We decided to cancel our order. It seems our order was not close to ready. We walk out hungry and tired.What a freakin dump!! It hasn't changed in 7 years.  It was crappy then and it crappy now.  Seriously, There are no redeeming qualities to this place.  Don't bother, walk down the street to Wawa or 7-11.  The service is horrible, and the food is way overpriced for what it is.The staff was friendly during our after-drinks late-night visit, so I can't complain about the service. The food on the other hand is another matter. I can't imagine ever wanting to come here during the day. We were here because we were hungry and it was late. Unfortunately, I was nowhere near drunk enough for this food. 
Admittedly, we did not order much. Just got some buffalo wings and fries. The wings were HUGE. Not in a good way--they were oversized. And the sauce was essentially...just Tobasco. We weren't originally served blue cheese so we asked for it. What we got was sour cream and another sauce that looked water down and strangely enough didn't taste much like anything.  Fries were meh.
Next time at 2am, even if I'm completely wasted so that taste won't matter much, I'll try stumbling to Chinatown in search of food. No more Midtown for me.The food and staff are very good.
However.... after our meal we walked around the corner to go home... looked down the alley way behind the restaurant. GARBAGE everywhere.  All over the street.  The dumpsters were overflowing.  Not to mention the door to the kitchen was hanging open just inches away from all the garbage.  Why would the door be open?? Disgusting.This is not my first time ordering from this place when you work graveyard shift pickings are slim and you can get tired of trips to WaWa. So I order breakfast (my lunch) and my total is $10.60. The diner is 3 blocks from my job. The delivery guy gets here and I pull out my $20 and he says " Oh I don't have any change I paid for the food with my own money so I could go home." Now my thing is this you work at a 24 hour diner why would you not let the morning delivery man bring my food and secondly WHO THE HELL ASSUMES SOMEONE HAS $10.60. exactly .SO HE SAYS WELL WE NEED TO DO SOMETHING and I said no you do I get off in 2 hours. He says "you can drink bleach and die"  I say " are you mad because I'm not dumb enough to hand you a 10 dollar tip ?I'll use this $20 to go buy some bleach but before I do I will be heading to your job to have breakfast with your manager and I will order the same meal your dumb scheming ass just wasted 10.60 on...good day!" The scheme is this it's Friday... We are downtown... Most people would tell him to keep the change and perhaps I would have had the same restaurant not sent another delivery man with no change 2 days before!!!can't say i've ever eaten here, but there's never much of anything vegan at a diner. i kinda remember getting a salad here once but that could have been anywhere.
last time i was here i got like 3 or 4 cups of decaf tea and they only charged me for one. it was nice and hot, and came with lemon. the men's room is cold and kind of shady.
late night it's busy and there's a real highschooly vibe here, as you might expect from a diner at night. last time i was here i walked by a table and someone commented "look a scarf somebody's cold lol" it was nice to feel like i was in 10th grade again.
they also have a lounge too. years ago i'd come here and sit in the back room and put down a few while waiting for a train at market east. there'd always be sanford and son on the tv and i was surely the youngest and whitest at the bar, which is perfectly fine by me. kinda peaceful and relaxing compared to the douchey irish bars down the street.Ever on the prowl for late-night dining options, we ended up here at 3 a.m. cold and ravenous. The decor was pretty generic as far as diners go, certainly nothing to complain about. While we didn't try the bar, its darkly lit entrance and aura of smokiness made people look like they were descending into hell. 
Anyway, the boyfriend ordered a cheeseburger, whose big fat patty tasted halfway decent. I ordered an order of seven (it was that or twelve) buffalo chicken wings, which I knew to expect from other reviews would be made from three-joint chicken wing pieces. Only one of them was at all undercooked, being very pink by the bone, but not salmonella-pink. I ate around it. They weren't the most amazing wings ever, but certainly decent. A Wet-Nap would have been nice. Thankfully, the restroom where I went to wash my hands was hardly gross at all. 
We also had hot chocolate, which was obviously just low grade cocoa powder and water, but drinkable. 
Servers were good. My cat's groomer was there and said hi. I would give them an extra star for being open 24 hours, but I won't.The Midtown II diner is a great place to go late night to see drag queens and Eagles fans eat eggs, burgers and pancakes in the same location.  It's a straight-up diner, not a fancy diner looking restaurant like Jones or Continental and nothing about it qualifies it as a 'finer' diner like Morning Glory.  The food is your standard diner fare--a seemingly endless menu packed with such options as pancakes, eggs, burgers, sandwiches, waffles and of course the Philadelphia staple Scrapple, a fried, greyish brick of meat product.  It isn't terrible but it ain't fine cuisine, I'll tell you that.I've only been here once, but it has my seal of approval. I equate it to Philly's version of a Waffle House. I got waffles and eggs. The only thing they're missing are hash browns! I never order grits north of the Mason-Dixon line because that's just a recipe for disappointment. I would only come here if I was drunk or hungover, but that's just my preference. The service was good. Staff was incredibly nice. All in all, my friends and I left satisfied.I was traveling with a friend from Korea and he had never gone to a diner, so we stopped in. We walked in and thought it looked as retro as expected. However, it is connected to a odd, noisy bar. We ordered from a extremely unhappy waitress, who seemed to want to sit on a corner stool and eat the entire time we were there. We ordered and I asked for a side of tarter sauce and she responded with a smug question and acted like I was crazy. Then, she never even brought the tarter, nor checked in on us. However, she was still sitting there eating when we left. 
Regarding the food, it was very good and exactly what one would expect from a diner. I would probably stop in again if ever in Philadelphia...as long as there wasn't a starving, sanctimonious, sad waitress waiting to ignore me.I don't even know how to explain the events that took place...
My friends and I came here after a concert in which they performed, so most of them were in very formal attire, so we stood out a lot. One of the waitresses could tell we were semidrunk so she grabbed one of my male friends junk. He was so shocked that he sat moping in our booth all night while we laughed at him.
Anyways, the food is good. I had the turkey burger and it was only about 4 dollars. We were loud and obnoxious and the servers didn't get annoyed by us so that was fun.Its a great spot for diner food. Simple, basic dinner food. Its a mite pricey for the quality and amount of food but the service is amazing and its open 24 hrs so after dancing your butt off, stop by and get some food to sober up.Your typical diner with good food and decent service. Being to this place twice for lunch, good price for a pretty good amount  of portion!Meh. I've had better. That's the official terminology for two stars. This is just like any diner ive ever been to I suppose. Kind of run down and crappy looking. All the people who work here seem stressed out. The food is ok. I've been here many times in the middle of the night it's consiststant and it's reliable. But what I rely on it being is just ok. It's cheap. And you get what you pay for.Not again. With all the places near by I stoped in to get a sandwich. asked about the special crab cake sandwich. No crab, just bread crumbs fried and stuck between two pieces of toast, so a bread sanwich with stale bread, except for the toast. Service was poor too.I'm really surprised to see how many negative reviews there are of Midtown. Honestly this is my favorite diner in the city. The service is consistently excellent and so friendly that it makes you want to come back for that alone. I've been here multiple times, but most recently I came in with my mom and had the buffalo wings, side salad and onion soup. All were terrific (especially the wings, which thankfully weren't drowned in breading like a lot of places) and on top of that between both of our meals, everything was only 26 bucks! You can't lose.Ate here last night with a friend who frequents often.  The waiter recognized her and said hi, yet still was a jerk the whole time.  When we ordered, he made a big deal about how we ordered sooo much ("really, all of that?!").  Surly and grumpy the whole time.  And I tend to think we are some of the nicest customers you can find, my friend being the type who makes best friends with strangers on elevators and I having worked in the restaurant biz for 13 years and still going strong.  It's hard to mess up buffalo chicken fingers and other such diner fare, but somehow they manage to.  How disappointing.  The french onion soup was pretty decent and super cheesy though, I must say.  The mini bag of potato chips you get with a sandwich is lame, but not too different from other philly diners (think south street).  I'm sure if I were drunk and it were 2:00am instead of 5:30pm, I'd have loved it.So many of the raters here say, "you can only love this place if you are drunk" or "I went here when I was drunk". Well, I went here with my teen age son on Easter Sunday after attending Friends Meeting on Arch Street and I thought it was great. Of course we ordered two Philly Cheese Steaks, and they were terrific. The meat was cooked just right and with just enough spice in it to blend in with the cheese and vegetables. The bun was fresh and crisp, the fries plentiful and soft. With onions, I think the price was a ridiculous $5.95. Not being from Philly--we were touring UPenn and Haverford College-- I had never heard of the place, but I consider myself lucky to have stumbled in. The food came quickly, even though they were busy. The waitress was slow in picking up the check, but she was very nice. Next time I go to Philly, I will definitely make a point to return!Decided to go on a whim with my fiancé as other plans were a little iffy for dinner+drinks. Unexpectedly closed, not sure, too crowded for a weeknight, etc. 
This place is a Center City gem and reminded me of the Oregon Diner 20 years ago with the decor and the booth jukeboxes. They actually had relatively modern choices, though, including 'The Fame' in the music library. 
Food was great, as was the service. And ooh! FULL BAR. A bacon cheeseburger deluxe (code word: "with fries"), a huge fried flounder sandwich, french onion soup, a canolli-to-go, and 3 or 4 beers came to about $40 after tip. Not too shabby at all. 
My only complaint is that maybe the menu could of been a little more expansive, but, that's just me. I eat a variety of foods and am not your typical meat & potatoes, greasy diner food friend. 
Will return.If your looking for a cheap place that's open late then I would reluctantly go back. This is strictly a dive diner with amusing waitresses with an east coast local flair.I heard its a million Midtown downtown however this is the only  one I ever been too. It was very dirty and the food wasnt all that good....Unfortunately our flight got in late and this was my only choice.   I will make it short and sweet.  The person on the phone was rude, the hot food was over cooked and cold.  I ordered a chicken spinach salad (also) and it came with no chicken and pretty much was a container of spinach with a piece of bacon, two cucumber slices and two things I couldn't identify.   And to top the entire dining experience, there website says all major credit cards accepted and the delivery guy said only cash, so I paid an extra 5.00 to get ATM cash from 7-11.I went here for breakfast one of my first mornings in Philadelphia. I'm from NJ so finding an awesome diner is important to me :oD
Midtown was a nice place to go to satisfy my diner breakfast cravings. The portions are a bit smaller and the prices are a bit higher than I would've expected, but the service and the quality of the food were great.STOP your HATIN' RIGHT, THIS, MINUTE.
The wait staff is truly classic diner service, and I thought that our waitress Cindy was so nice. She couldn't have been more of a riot (and I was sober).
Food comes quick, they are well organized (for 2am), and they keep the sketch from camping out. There is no sleeping allowed.
I am not expecting the food to taste as good as Vetri, but it sure beats Waffle House in SC.
You come to Midtown II for the following reasons:
a) you are wasted at 2, 3, or 4 am
b) you are hung over and need for stat
c) you are looking for a meal to cost close to nothing
d) you need food, ASAP.I had always wanted to try this place (I don't know why 24 hour places have always fascinated me), and since trying it about a month ago, my boyfriend and I have been back 3 times. From the bar,  they have a $11 Blue Moon pitcher, that's enough said.
From the kitchen, I have had:
Ceasar Salad: generous amount of well cooked chicken, kind of sad they used beefsteak tomatoes and white onion, lost some potentially amazing flavors there
Chicken Wings: not a fan of these, i actually don't like wings breaded, but that's a personal preference, and they were quite small. McGillin's have got wings down pat for me anyway
Liverwurst: adequate quality, always a good sandwich
Hungry Man Breakfast Special: decent, unremarkable
Chipped Beef on Toast: this was probably the best deal food-wise. For less than 6 dollars they give you a plate of toast and hash with chipped beef smothered in a white gravy on top, it was so good I kept stealing from my boyfriend's plate!
The boyfriend has also had a cheese steak sandwich and a reuben sandwich from here. The cheese steak he said was the best he ever had, but then recanted when he finished it. It was downgraded to pretty good, but not the best. I didn't taste it. The reuben looked kind of bad, but he found it tolerable if not worth ordering again.
We keep meaning to try their amazing looking desserts but always end up stuffing our faces with the salty plates ):it is what it looks like a greasy spoon dinner,  and if this is not what you want stay out... love the staff have been coming here for 20 years and the more the change the decor the more it stays the same... old pros and great breakfast all day..  if your a foodie snob  why would you even go in here..Friendly feel with waitresses that call you "hon" and omelets that just won't quit.
Plus, they stayed open during Hurricane Sandy and provided Budweiser during the trying times..;)I've grown up in this place! Over 30 yrs have NEVER had a bad meal nor a bad customer experience. breakfast, lunch, dinner, you can't go wrong. it is a diner with great prices. the bar is fully stocked, prices are average. The menu is a novella! Be nice to the waitresses, they have the best personalities. Did I mention they are open 24 hrs? you can't go wrongProbably been here more times than any other restaurant in the city. After another soul crushing med school test I'd come here and fill up on some so-so omelettes or eggs or pancakes or any other standard diner fare. Love all the waitresses/waiters here. The crowd is a pretty interesting group especially late at night. Glad this place is around.Great breakfast and decent for late night drinks. Waitresses are full of personality, as it should be, Joannie is the best, so much sass for such a little later.So here's a question - where the hell is Midtown 1? Has anyone ever seen it? Is it hidden? 
I think I've been to almost all of the other Midtowns, often in the early evening trying to cheap drink and hide out for awhile. This Midtown fits that bill. They may not have a lot of beers on tap, and who knows about the food (though I'd love to stop in late sometime) but's it's there, in Center City, being all 24-hours and cheap. Can't complain much about that.Food was bland and ended up being expensive, especially for what is was...Diner food is usually medicore at best, but after a night of drinking it usually hits the spot. This place sucks.still loving the $11 pitcher of Blue Moon for sure. Though the more food I try here, the more disappointed I am. I had the liver steak the other night, and the onion was in gravy form, which was weird, but tolerable. My salad was really wet and gross, and came with a milky-watery dressing that I just couldn't bear. Chicken gumbo was good, a little salty, but reminiscent of Whole Foods' chicken and wild rice. The side vegetables were unbearable. The mixed vegetables smelled and tasted like it was beginning to go bad. The asparagus came from a can and parts were unchewable while other parts were a mush. The bread pudding was an agreeable end to a rather unpleasant meal. What they don't give you in quality though they certainly tried to make up for with quantity; 10 dollars for an entree that comes with soup And salad, 2 sides and dessert? I probably shouldn't have expected anything more than what I got.This place is inconsistent.  It depends on who waits on your table.  It can be fun and friendly.  However, the last time i was there, the waiter was abrupt and moody.
  I ordered a vegetarian plate.  He brought it out with beef gravy over the mashed potatoes and much of the vegetables.  When i complained, he replied that mashed potatoes come with gravy.  The cashier was more helpful when i told her what happened.  Don't think i'll be going back there.Came back recently to grab an early morning bite to fuel myself up for a day in the city and sat at the counter this time.  It had been well over a year since the last time I had eaten at this diner, so I had kind of forgotten about the food and just remembered that the service left much to be desired, and in a way it still does.  The food was okay; all I was in the mood for were scrambled eggs and home fries, but the waitresses seemed to be scrambling more than the eggs in the sense that they were  scrambling to get orders out to customers at tables while attending to customers sitting at the counter like myself!  Whatever, it's my go-to if I'm in the neighborhood, looking for standard diner food, and I have some time to sit down.this place sucks and it is no surprise that pretty much all of the other midtowns have closed.  11th street is next.  the waitresses are rude and the food gives you rhea.
it was OK in my college days when i couldn't remember what happened the night before, but now: no thanks.The Midtown is arguably ( I say this because there are a lot of good diners in Philadelphia) the best diner in this city and it has a special place in my heart. The owners ( Hionas family ) are all good people. Just say hello to their cute and hot ( but married :( ) daughter Amy, who usually there, as well as Gus (father), Joyce (mother), and Jim (son).
 Also Sharon, Pat, and Joan are good waitresses, so tip them. At least one waitress I wouldn't even give the time of day as she's so mean, and the nighttime bartender ( the fat one ) is a lunatic and backstabber. Please don't make friends w/ that one, as she's obnoxious to the point of offending people, but those are just a few of the downsides to the establishment.
 Other than that, I suggest that this is an excellent diner. BTW, miss Nick (other son), Keda (one of my favorite waitresses who moved on), Rachel ( the cute waitress who used to work nights ), Michelle, Glenda (Japanese), and last, but definitely not least, Marty, who'll be leaving the Midtown II to CA w/ her boyfriend. I'll deeply miss her when she leaves and her daughter, Christina.I've been meaning to do a review for this one for a while but keep forgetting... It's great local diner, food is good, waitresses are neat and prices are right. Reportedly their spinach pie is to die for, but I am yet to taste it. Their regular diner fare (meatloaf, burgers, soups, fries, etc) is very decent. Eating there will fill you up and won't break your bank.First glad this place is around.  It keeps the elite away and when they do go they can only complain. People who don't get it should not go.  I got the pancakes at lunch and they were good and non greasy.  Also the service was friendly and very good. It cannot be that bad if people keep going. I will be going again!What a place this was. The waitresses actually favored the high tippers and remember faces, and ignore new people.
The owner of the place is a complete, pardon @^$&$
I had an empty glass for over a half an hour and was waiting to Finnish my meal. I wad to walk to the counter and ask the owner himself for a refill.
The food was awful.This place is a classic Center City greasy spoon to me. Philly wasn't gay-friendly at all when I was a kid, nor did the trannies go out in drag anywhere...in fact, the only trannies I remember were mainly junkies and hookers around Locust street...but times have changed....a lot. Being away for awhile, everytime I check in it seems to change a lot and then not at all....suddenly this is the gayborhood meetup spot, but yet it's still a basic diner, not all high-end hipstery like all of the diners in NYC are now. Glad Philly can retain its inner-gritty, something that we've lost here in NYC. I have nothing against the evolution of the City's culture either, just am so shocked that Philly in all its unyielding, narrow mindsets   that are steeped in blue-collar values would embrace the transition. That is just crazy to imagine. But it's 2008.... it's time already. Still, part of me believes that there are some interesting scenes that go down in this joint - I'm sure it's not all roses. This place was nothing but a standard standard diner when I was coming up. Had a few breakfasts here upon cutting school...hahahaFor a diner, the Midtowns are a little pricey, but I have noticed that they're a little better quality than, say, Little Pete's or South Street Diner.  The food is fresher, and they actually cater to your requests in terms of how you want your food cooked (I like my hashbrowns crunchy!).  They're also open 24 hours, which is great.  The waitstaff is friendly and accomodating.  Midtowns are all-around reliable.  I like this Midtown, though, because it tends to be a little brighter inside than some of the other ones.Like the creepier little brother of the other midtown diners.
And sort of sad that we went in the wrong door when we went, and got to see this creepier side instead of the apparently charming side with the little jukeboxes.
Just saying, we went in and it was super cold (which I guess is nice in this heat). We ordered fast and our server was nice. But then when a couple of her friends came in, it took FOREVER to get our check. she was too busy talking.
The tables felt more like I was at a deli than a restuarant. Some men were talking about threesomes loudly and drinking (they have a bar, too, which still always strikes me as weird for these places, but it fits).  TVs blaring. Not annoying, but not exactly relaxing.
as for the food. ya know...standard. pretty good. I got a basic house salad and some fries. can't really go wrong with that.
It's a place for locals. late at night. ya dig?I went here last night after an extremely long day at work. The setup is that of a diner, though the entranceway is extremely small and gets backed up when people are waiting to be seated and people are paying their checks simultaneously.
I ordered a western omelette with cheese and decaff coffee. The waitress poured my coffee right away, but a refill took a while. My omelette unfortunately took a while. The omelette came out with some wheat toast and potatoes. The omelette was pretty decent size but unremarkable taste-wise. The potatoes were neither hash browned nor home fries. They were barely cooked. It reminded me more of poatoes au gratin, without the sauce. Blech.
The only real saving grace of this place besides being open 24hrs, its that you really can see some interesting people. To my left was a guy with a tears tattoo who talked in a Donald Duck voice at a whisper. To my right, a off duty cabbie who was talking to a guido looking construction worker. I thought I saw a gang on the way in, only to discover that they were a bunch of gay guys who probably had been at one of the nearby clubs/bars. Then there were the ex frat boy looking guys talking to each other in the aisle. To top it off this woman who looked like Pam Anderson before the implant removal was wearing what looked like a vinyl top and mini skirt with stiletto heels was waiting for the women's room. Bizarro world.
Oh yeah the bathroom was in atrocious shape when I used it. People missed the trash can AND the toilet in abundance. It reminded me of the Starlight.
I doubt I'll be going back unless I"m drunk or in need of some people watching.A little dirtier than Midtown 2 - but the same basic old-skool diner vibe.
Good for breakfasts and cheap dinners.
It is creepy though - but my 5 year old loves to get one pancake and one scrambled egg here.Stumbled into the diner this chilly rainy afternoon and was pleasantly surprised.  Your typical diner menu with the typical diner waitresses.  We had Regina and she was a hoot! my husband had the patty melt and it was pretty tasty.  I had the eggs/french toast special and it too hit the spot!  Can't beat the bill under $20 for two! Awesome!This place was recommended by the Bell hop at the Marriott as a good place to go for breakfast that locals visit. He was right! My family and I walked down and as we were approaching the diner we seen 2 police officers enter. You know if the police are eating in there it must be good. 
The service was great. All the wait staff were older ladies who knew the true meaning of customer service. They were all very pleasant ladies and one of the even let my 3 year old daughter play on her tablet while we waited for our food.
The food was good and very resonablly price. If ever in Philly again I would stop by agaunJust your average diner...nothing extremely special, but I had a good Belgian waffle topped with fresh strawberries--the only thing missing was whipped cream.  Shame on me for not asking for it.  Service wasn't bad, but it wasn't fabulous either.  I'd come back for the decently priced food and beverages, but it's not the kind of place I'd tell people "OMG it's AMAZING you HAVE to go here!"Midtown is godsend when finishing work, or drunk, or both.  This is a no nonsense diner with a collection of good but no nonsense waitresses. Sitting at the counter at 3:30-4:00 AM is like a dinner and a show.  The waitresses are all unique characters with interesting idiosyncrasies.
The food is typical diner fare.  Good, consistent, but nothing special.