1. Service was horrible ( my drink never came, they gave us our neighbor's food twice!!!)
2. Tiny amount of meat for 30 plus dollars, could not even satisfy a toddler
3. At the end of the meal, we were asked to check if we had the right bill
4. Again My drink never came; they simply forgot. I am sorry but will NEVER return. 
Worst restaurant experience ever!
To the managers, this was my first and last time in your restaurant. If you don't change the way things are run in this place. You will loose a lot of customers!The food is amazing, the service is great, the decor is very nice and the place is very, very clean.  Anyone giving this place less than 4 stars doesn't know anything about Korean food or restaurants in general, as this is the best Korean place in Philly excepting Upper Darby and Olney (two places that offer great Korean food and NOTHING else).I'M SO HAPPY THERE IS FINALLY A LEGIT KOREAN RESTAURANT IN PHILLY!!!
I am a Philly native, born and raised (Chestnut Hill hospital what what).. And have always lamented the fact that we have so many korean-Americans in Philly, but no reasonably good Korean restaurants (Seo-Ra-Bul on 2nd St in North/Northeast Philly is probably the only decent one).
LONG STORY SHORT.. This place is LEGIT. A little pricey, but that is a price I am willing to pay EVERY TIME for this quality of Korean food.
PLEASE DON'T CHANGE, MIGA. Jason, if you are reading this... Keep this place around for a longggg time please!!I am writing here because the service my friends and I received on Saturday, November 19 was appalling. My spouse and I eat out every Saturday night and were excited to try a new restaurant across town for us. We met friends there and from the minute we entered the place, it looks chaotic. Most of the empty tables were dirty with dishes piled up. We were seated in the back by the bar area which was quiet. We were not greeted until a half hour later where we attempted to order drinks. There was no wine. So we ordered beer which arrived 45 minutes later with the screw caps still intact on the bottles. We had repeatedly ordered water but the waiter did not seem to understand what we were asking for so our friend who speaks Chinese ordered it for us. Then we ordered appetizers and after one hour, they came out but we were never given any dishes or silverware. I tried ordering sushi but they said they don't serve it (I was confused because it was on the menu both offline and online). So I decided on a noodle dish instead. Our main meals were brought out raw (we were at a table where the waitstaff cook the meal in front of you). However, our server never did this so my friend cooked the entire meal while sitting down which I thought was inappropriate to do. We tried to get help but there seemed to be no one available to do this or even care to help with the meal preparation. It seemed strange to me. We never received the condiments to go with the meat (such as the chili sauce etc until maybe 25 minutes later). At this point, it was two hours into this awful experience. I asked politely when my noodles would be arriving and was told they had no noodles either. All I can say is this was the WORST experience I have ever had at a restaurant and my spouse and I are foodies who eat out every Saturday night. The restaurant was absolutely CLUELESS about how to treat its customers, serve food or even apologize for incredibly poor service. Even though my friend cooked the entire meal (which unfortunately was burned and not very edible) they did not offer to make this situation right and comp anything. We will never go back and I will spread the word about this miserable experience.This place is so nice and foods are so good. I really want to recommend people in downtown area to try at least once. They also have bar so u can get variety  of drinks(only for 21) lol well I enjoyed  so much in thereDespite the restaurant wasn't full, we are told that we have a 15 minutes wait...when there's only 4 tables occupied. Then waited for awhile till someone came and take our order. Apparently, it is one of the chef in the kitchen. There's not even one server. So we ordered the tofu stew, spicy rice cake and kalbi. The tofu came out with only half of the stone bowl full. They did not bring us the rice or the egg that comes with it. Kalbi was okay. Then the spicy rice cake. When I first taste it, it taste weird and soggy. Didn't think it was that big of a problem, maybe it just cooked too long. However, I have diarrhea whole night and into the next day.....I don't know if I will ever go back...I'm so happy Korean restaurant opens near my work place. The pricees are little higher than other Korean restaurant but I understand that they are in the city. You should know they refill all side dishes. It was worth the cost.  Nice and clean interior. Servers are kindness. Kim chi is the best!! Unfortunately, it's not charcoal BBQ but not a big problem. I definitely go again for outdoor BBQ.You get nothing for what you pay for. Pay 33$ for a very small amount of food. Terrible service. The amount they charge for food and what they give you is ridiculous. I would never come back. You will get more for what you paid for anywhere else.I haven't had a chance to eat in yet although I love the ambiance and I loved the family that runs it. Very cute and polite. 
I only ordered take out... maybe it was the fact that it's take out but it wasn't as good as I had expected from reviews. I ordered the bulgogi Korean tacos and the kimchi bulgogi dulsot bibimbap. 
 I thought it would be a couple small tacos but it was a wayyyyyyyyyy overstuffed single tortilla. Half the filling fell onto my plate before I got it in my mouth. The meat was ok but the sauce was a little sweet. 
The bibimbap was good too but wayyyyyy too spicy. I like spicy but I like to increase the spice as I go along with the sauce. From the beginning it was tough to eat bc of the spiciness. 
Bonus points bc I got to take out a 6 pack of OB beer which I love. Overall a good experience (not perfect). I'll definitely try the eat in area one day to see if it's any better.The food here is very good. It was kind of expensive but plentiful. Servers were friendly and very nice. They did all the cooking, I was very happy about that.Having recently moved to Philly, I was sad to know that getting any legit korean food would involve me driving 20-30 minutes out of the way into less than stellar parts of Philadelphia. 
And then comes Miga, an absolute life saver!  I shared their soft tofu stew, jaeyook bokkeum (spicy pork belly stir fry), and their jjajangmyun (black bean noodle soup). All were excellent, big portions, and reminded me of my mother's Korean cooking. 
I highly recommend Miga and wish them the best of luck!So happy this place opened! After the last few restaurants that have occupied this space, it's nice that a professional real restaurant  has opened!! Staff was incredibly knowledgable about everything on the menu and extremely friendly. Portions are huge and drinks are reasonably priced. My only critique is its a little over priced for what it is but not by much! It's snowing out so odds are I'll go back for dinner tonight! 
I recommend the dolsot bibimbop with octopus!!!We had samgyeopsal and seafood pancake. Everything was so fresh and great! The employees were very friendly and attentive. We'll definitely come back :-)Great place to try Korean barbeque...you literally barbeque your meat on the table and eat it :-) Prices may be a little on the higher side, but the expand service are worth it!I grew up in Korea (and am half Korean) so I was thrilled when I found out there was a Korean BBQ so close to me. Unfortunately, it fell way short of expectations. The food portions are downright sad, and extremely overpriced for what you actually get!! I was in a state of shock, it was like someone was playing a cruel joke on us. $35 for about 6 small slices of pork belly? $15 for a bowl of soup, that was much smaller (almost 1/2 the size) than any other soup I've ordered in similar Korean places in the city. Oh, and we got like, 3 small side dishes. Pffffff GTFOH. The only good thing I have to say about this place was that our server was very friendly, but then again you don't go back to restaurants just for the servers, right? I won't be returning here. I can get fresh, tasty, APPROPRIATELY SIZED PROPORTIONS of Korean food for about 1/3 of the price at Koreana. Sorry, Miga, you had the right idea, just not the right execution.The service was really good! We ordered a hotpot mistakenly, then asked them if we can change it ( it's already done), they changed for us and gave us the hotpot, too, without charge. The server's attitude was still very good. And most importantly, the food tasted like heaven!I have been searching for a authentic Korean restaurant since I moved here from California, and finally found it!!!! They are like my moms cooking and delicious. Reminds me of home when ever I order from them . Wish the restaurant was closer so that j could go there to eat, but ordering it once a week will satiate my need for kimchee!
Ok. Last time I was there, something has changed, because the chef is putting odd things in the  soups that I have not tasted in authentic Korean soup, but I still have faith in them . Hopefully I hey will get that straightened out. God knows there only handful of Korean restaurants!!!The worst experience ever. I wasted my money. They charge $3 for one bowl of rice but it was not full of bowl.
There was no server in the hall. I wll never go this restaurant.I can't recommend this place. The service wasn't great and neither was the food. Plus the Old-fashion I ordered was brought to me in a martini glass. That turned me off... On the brighter side they voluntarily removed the cost of my entrée after they noticed I hadn't eaten it and didn't want it to-go. They asked me why and I politely said it didn't taste good. So that was plus because it wasn't eatable.It was a great restaurant ever. Before I went, I was deceived by 3 star evaluation. So I was not excited before I got there. We were visiting Philadelphia to visit the Franklin institute and the restaurant was in the walking distance.  That's why we went there. Oh my goodness.......This restaurant totally deserves 5 stars!!!  Staffs and the owner were very professional and nice. Foods were super tasty. We had Beef jumuluck,  dumpling, Maewontang and pajeon. Everything was so delicious and we probably had 5 refills of side dishes (sorry and thank you).  I will visit Miga every time I visit Philadelphia.  Thank you Miga! We had a wonderful time and safely got home.The restaurant opened about a year and a half ago. Nothing has changed. Still using Groupon for promotion. I bought a groupon and dined there when it was just opened and came back few weeks ago with another groupon. I was lamenting about the price b4 and this time I bought the Groupon at a discount so that was the only reason I give the place another try. Because with the price you pay, the amount of food they give you is dismal!!! My bf and I did not even feel full since we are used to other all you can eat or a la carte menus at other kbbq restaurants. Even in LA they don't have that kind of price (for a little amount u get) at an insanely popular kbbq restaurant that you would have to wait an hr or 2 to get in. The food is decent, I must say. Marinated very well and flavorful. But it is just so little. Service is meh. The manager is kinda weird and tries to be attentive but says weird things sometimes.So...I do not usually hate on restaurants because I myself am not a great cook but when it comes to overpricing on food that is, in my opinion, amateurish, then I cannot help but feel like I have to say something. 
Before I comment further, the restaurant itself -- even though it was completely empty on a bright Sunday afternoon -- was very clean, and I could tell that the staff made a concerted effort to be very accommodating. The ambiance is great. 
The food however, is a different story. As Korean Americans who grew up in traditional Korean families, I can understand that our review can come off as a bit harsh compared to the food that we are used to at home. However, this is really not a nit-picking kind of review. The food itself, in terms of quantity, quality, taste, and presentation were all completely lacking. It looked, again, like I cooked it myself with some leftovers I had in the fridge. 
We ordered the dolsot bibimbap ($17.95), the tangsooyook ($19.95), bibimnegmyun ($15.95), and the seafood ddukbokki ($11.95). The order came out to $70 without tip. 
We had high hopes for our order since every single item that we got is a "bread and butter" type of dish that most Korean restaurants should have no problem perfecting if they are serious about running a food business. It is not like we ordered a random item off the menu, is what I am trying to say. 
When the food arrived, I immediately knew that the food was off. My dolsotbibimbap was sizzling a little too much (which I immediately confirmed meant that the rice on the bottom was completely burnt to a crisp), the tangsooyook - for a 20 dollar dish was no where near as plentiful as it should have been, the seafood ddukbokki looked like a little kid made it because there were like two pieces of seafood and the rest was the rice cake smeared in this unappetizing goop, and the bibimnengmyun almost induced a gag reflex when we tried it. 
Yes, this may have been a one-off and perhaps this is a great restaurant with great food. Who knows...but our experience was horrible because it is one thing to serve bad food, I get it, cooking great food and running a business is difficult. But, if the chefs have any self-awareness or self-respect, they should not charge so much for such low quality food. It is, in my opinion, a travesty and a disgrace to the Korean community. 
Again, the service was great, the restaurant looks great, but the food, my god...is just horrible. 
One word of advice that we want to throw into the ether is...our experience with food is that the restaurants that focus on a couple of signature dishes do exceptionally well. Since they can focus their energies to perfect a few recipes and they have an edge when they market themselves. 
However, in the Korean community, the menu serves late-night snacks, food cart items, high-end ceremonial dishes, korean-chinese dishes, traditional temple food, alcohol, and casual lunch items. This, in our opinion, is trying to do too much. Perhaps, the scarcity of Korean restaurants in Philly is the reason for this overextension. But at what cost? Well, we are sad to say that we will no longer support this institution until they make some significant changes.Service was horribly slow on a Thursday night. Food was ok, will return eventually to try the BBQ. Had the rice cakes w/beef sauce and beef soup with glass noodles. Warm sake was great.I've never tried Korean BBQ before and I'm so glad we went! It was a really fun experience and the food was great. The service was good and the waiter was very helpful with the grill and have a good recommendation. Would definitely go again if I were in the areaCame here with friends on Saturday night.
They have happy hour between 4-7pm, all the drinks is half price.
We order seafood hotpot and boneless beef rib.
The food is good however; comparing with other bbq restaurant the menu is overpriced!! I would choose gyu-kaku next time if I want to eat BBQ.We had the $34.95 ribeye which although described as enough for two was a smallish single serving. The steak itself had very little flavor and came with 2 small pieces of broccoli (I mean tiny)....this was plunked on a small grill in front us...the portion size was surprising and had no seasoning. I have traveled through Asia and Europe and consider myself a foodie. Miga is a restart of a failed former effort. This new attempt fails on every level....if you want solid Korean BBQ this is NOT the place!
SiMPLY AWFUL!Portion sizes are not reasonable for what it's priced as. The side dishes didn't taste homemade or maybe it was just a bad experience. The service wasn't bad but it wasn't good either. I highly recommend kbbq in north philly if you want the authentic kbbq experienceOMG, The food here is amazing. I remember when this place was on 15th street and me and my friends were so sad it moved. But then one my friends spotted it and we went there again. The Beel Galbi was amazing as well as their miga salad. Can't wait to go back!!!I order kimchi pancake and tofu soup  i really lime tofu soup but kimchi pancake kinda salty cuz inside kimchi is salty...and also they didn't give side dish ..only rice and soup is weird..Had the soft tofu soup and pork belly bokkeum. I've been to nearly every Korean restaurant in NYC and Boston, and Miga's food rivals them all. The soup was complex, full of tofu, and beautifully balanced. The show stopper was the bokkeum though. Tender pieces of rich pork belly stir-fried with scallions in this addictive red paste; I'm literally drooling about it as I remember it.
If you love food, help me keep this place open. There are absolutely 0 good Korean restaurants in Philly, and I want to keep coming back to Miga again and again.Driving through Philadelphia, my boyfriend and I stopped here for a bite to eat. He's never had Korean BBQ before so I was really excited to introduce it to him. The only reason this place doesn't get 5 stars is because it's pretty pricey. But that's probably because I'm used to all you can eat Korean BBQ for like $20. I would give 4.5 stars if I could.
We got the spicy pork bibimbap and the beef galbi. The spicy pork bibimbap was good but really we only got it so we could be full. We would've gotten another meat to BBQ if it wasn't so expensive. The beef galbi was probably one of the best I've had. The marinade was perfect and the meat was so tender and succulent it was like butter in my mouth. The meal came with the standard Korean appetizers. The beef galbi also came with some vegetables to BBQ so that was nice. At the end of the meal, they also served some orange slices as a palette cleanser. Nice touch.
As for the service, Daniel, our server was the right amount of attentive. He took care of our waters, our BBQ grill, and if we needed anymore appetizers. Good customer serviceI've been to a few KBBQ places in Philly and this was by far the worst. The portion sizes were extremely small and overpriced. I've had much better for cheaper or about the same price. I asked for 2 bowls of rice and they hardly even filled the bowl. I mean how much can you be struggling that you can't afford to give your customers a 2 full bowl of rice. 
The service was slow and when the manager got a complaint, he blamed it on the chef instead of taking responsibility for it. The only reason why I'm giving this review 2 stars instead of 1 is because our main server who I believe was actually the hostess as well, was very nice and sincere. 
I've been to Miga a few times in the past but haven't been there recently because I heard about how the service went downhill after a few of their servers got fired. So I kind of expected the bad service but I didn't expect the quality of food to go down as well. Not only did the meat come in small portion sizes but it also wasn't very flavorful. You're better off going to an all you can eat KBBQ and get your money's worth or just travel the distance to a more authentic KBBQ place in north Philly.This restaurant is absolutely horrible! Despite the fact that the owner and his son are widely well-known in the surrounding areas for being frauds and trashy scammers in the Korean community, I decided to give the restaurant a chance. Now I just regret wasting my money to support their business. 
The food took over an hour to come out and it's not like the place was packed. As my friends and I were about ready to just leave, the food comes out - too bad the food wasn't worth the hour long wait. 
I find it quite interesting how the food is expensive but the quality doesn't meet up to the price. I can't even imagine what they do to the food they serve considering how shady the owner and his son are. 
Our server was nice and kept checking on us and apologizing for the delay. He offered us extra side dishes as we waited. What really made my experience awful was when I saw the owner's son yelling at his workers and then come up to greet his customers as if he was very friendly and welcoming. How fake.
In conclusion, save your money.
The view really isn't that marvelous and the food certainly isn't worth the money.I've been to Miga twice and had a great experience each time. The food is flavorful and the service goes above and beyond. We had the golbi beef amongst a few other dishes- the green tea cheesecake is a must. I'm looking forward to my next visit.Great food. Had the seafood and scallions pancakes, galbi BBQ, and bibimbap. Amazing!  Service is excellentI've been to Miga since it's open, but the restaurant just turned me down all the time. I've had lettuce with finger prints and sauce on it which turn out to be some else left. And the seafood sundufu only has one shrimp and one mussel, which cost $15. Boosam is a traditional Korean dish with pork belly and oyster, but Miga won't give you oyster if you don't ask. And they said its called "innovation". Even the rice, they will only give you 1/3 bowl.This place is really good! They have an awesome selection of Korean food! More importantly the bbq was phenomenal, they seasoned the meat perfectly! What my friend and I liked the most was their kimchi. It was just their side food but it was super delicious and flavorful. Also the waiter that I got when I went there was very friendly as well. If you're crazy about Korean food, you should definitely have this place on your list to try. I highly recommend this place! Definitely will come back here again.Called Miga on a Monday for reservations that same day for a party of 7, and we requested an outside table if possible. When we arrived, they had a great outside table set up for us! We also asked of we could order from the Korean BBQ platter since it was such a large group. They were unsure of we could beach of the wind but offer to find out.  When they came back they said we can, and offered to cook for us at the table since we ordered so much. I thought this was a nice touch because this allowed us to have the full experience, but still be able to enjoy each others company. So we had two chefs at our table cooking. It was great! And the food was delicious! My only complaint was that they did not have a bartender, so we were unable to order mixed cocktails. The basics, beer, sake, and wine were still available, but they had some interesting looking drinks I wanted to try, oh well. All and all it was a nice spot, I really like the outside seating and the BBQ was really good, large portions!Finally another Korean restaurant near Center City! i think this place is decent if you're craving Korean food. However, i felt that the food was a little bit americanized, and that the service was a bit slow. I love banchan (side dishes) at korean restaurants, which i thought this place was lacking a little bit. I tried the bbq, which was decent, and doenjang jjigae, which tasted like ramen seasoning... an okay place to crave your korean food cravings but not super authentic/ good korean food in my opinion.The worst! Overpriced, small portions, bad quality and such rude service that I have no words. They are known to be bullies if you don't decide to dine. One of the servers physically assaulted me as I was passing through. SHAME!A cute and friendly restaurant. Everyone is helpful and great with service. It was a bit strange that we couldn't order happy hour drinks at regular tables and could only do so at the bar. We had the boneless marinated meat for BBQ. The meat was good but it lacked flavor. I think it needs to be marinated more or something needs to be added. The dumplings were great though - nice and crispy. Otherwise, I would say portions are pretty decent and the environment is on point.Came here on a Saturday night with a group of 6 and everyone had a great time. The restaurant is nicely decorated and very clean. The food was remarkable!! The service was good as well. The check came out to be a little less than $400. Tip included!! No complaints hereWhen the food is expensive and the quality is MIA, your dinner isn't going to be good. Yes this place has pretty cool scenery and decorations but the food is so bad that it can't save it from me giving this place a higher rating. I came here to try their Korean bbq after buying a groupon. But don't even come here or even buy the groupon. Trust me, you're not missing out. 
I order the galbi which was $40 for only 2 thin bone wraps. I didn't like how the beef was marginated, it had this sour taste which made me think the meat went bad. Go to  a Korean place in Chinatown or k-town but not this place.
Since the galbi was so meager, I needed something else to fill me up so I ordered seafood style soondubu. The soup wasn't bad but it was missing the egg it usually came with. The soup was full of tofu and barely any seafood. The picture in the menu showed clams but I had none in my soup.
I also ordered an appetizer, one of the seafood pancakes. Just like the rest of the foods that were served, the pancake was small and lacked the seafood part of the dish. It was overcompensating the pancake part for missing seafood. It didn't taste bad but it's different from the pancakes I ate before. 
The waiters and owners were nice people but they weren't that tentative. Both my drink and my friends drink were empty for a good 20mins before anyone refilled it. It wasn't a busy night either. 
Tl;dr: pricy dinner for a bad experience. Dont come.I don't give bad reviews normally, but this place is totally overrated. We ordered a 40 dollars hot pot, it was suppose to have tofu, mushroom, beef and other vegetables. As you can see in the picture, it was nothing there but udon noodles and onions and a little bit mushroom. I can't believe they dare to sell this $40!
We called up the manager, I told him that the dish looks nothing like the picture and the description on the menu, instead of explaining or apologizing to us, the manager kept asking me "what do you want? You want beef? You want tofu? What do you want? " He did apologized to us but his attitude was unbearable in the beginning. We didn't eat nor pay for the hot pot. 
As a big foodie, there are so little options for Korean food in center city Philadelphia. I really hope they can improve their food and service. We really need a decent Korean restaurant in center city!The food was awesome and the service was great. If you're new to Korean BBQ they'll walk you through the process and help you cook the meats, but if you know what you're doing you can do it all yourself. Prices are what you'd expect, the BBQ combos were great and the perfect amount of food. Would recommend!2 stars based on overall experience.
Went for dinner with a group of 8 on a Tuesday night at 7pm.  2 guys received their individual appetizers at the 1 hour mark, everyone else received entrees at about the 1 hour and 15 minute mark.  We asked to speak to the manager and it took him about 10 minutes before he stopped by our table.
Staff remarks: wait staff and manager were extremely nice, accommodating and polite. They discounted our bill roughly 25% which was very respectable but we had to ask to see the manager, otherwise we may not have gotten any discount on a 2 hour meal.
Food remarks: average Korean food, average portions, above average price
Ambience and decor: very nicely appointed throughout, probably the best part of the experience
If not for the extremely slow food to table time, I would have given them at least 3 stars. But it was not packed, about 50% occupancy and yet it took 1 hour and 15 minutes for us to receive our food. I'd say food quality was slightly better than HMart food court but at center city pricing.Oh Miga! I typically can't find good Korean food without going to North 5th.  You will do just fine.
Ordered spicy pork belly on the grill and a bottle of soju.  The banchan is always plentiful and they also have barely water upon request. 
They have makgeolli too!
Another awesome feature is that you can sit outside and grill.  
Service is friendly and informative.
This place is great for groups looking to try a new cuisine and have a great time!
I am going back for the jjajangmyun!We went there tonight for my 12-year-old daughter's birthday dinner. We had some sushi rolls and then picked the $99.00 bbq assortment. The sushi was fantastic. Not only was it fantastic but we had a four-year-old with us and the sushi chef came from behind the counter to come over and help her eat sushi. The waiter, was above and beyond fantastic. Whether it was catering to our every whim, or explaining things to the children. But most importantly was the dedication he gave towards cooking our meat. I'm not a big fan of pork belly, but with the exception of that it was superb. We couldn't even begin to finish what we ordered. But what we did order was delicious. Once again my friend the sushi chef, came from behind the counter to help the 4 year old learn how to eat Korean Gal Bi. He picked up the meat wrapped it in lettuce put a little sauce on it and then cut it in half so that she could eat it with her little mouth. Now if that is not going above and beyond the call of service, I do not know what is! Fantastic meal all around. Is it inexpensive? No. Do you get what you pay for? Hell yeah!FINALLY A KOREAN RESTAURANT IN THE CITY!!! HOOOORAAAAYYY!!!
I love the fact that there's a legit Korean place in the city since I moved to downtown Philly.  Right off the bat it is authentic. The servers are well versed in the menu items AND they have Korean BBQ to be cooked table side!  What more can you ask for?
I came here with a large party and service was fantastic.  Everyone had a great time. The quality of the dishes were flavorful, fresh and delicious and more importantly, accommodating to different level of taste palates.  I went adventurous since I missed the food of the motherland and not being able to make it to North Philly to the other Korean restaurants this was heaven sent. 
Definitely worth a try and totally recommend!Waitress doesn't really know their menu or the items they had... The table grill is pretty small compared to other Korean BBQ places.Best meal I've had in a very long time. Wait staff was very attentive and patient with my ignorance of the menu options. She even brought me chopsticks with training wheels! Ha! Beautiful setting. Very happy we came here!This is probably the worst service we had in the city. The food is okay but the restaurant is very crowded. Our server is nice but he has to serve like half of the restaurant. He was too busy to take care of us. We asked to order for 20 mins, waited for the check for more than 40mins and never get water refilled. Actually we helped ourself through the whole time. Anyway it was not a good experience and we feel very upset.So good!!!   Just found out they have sushi.   Amazing!  Hands down best in fairmount!  Can't wait to go back soon.Love the food here good atmosphere even the waiter very friendly and nice!!! My boyfriend really love the seafood pancake highly recommended and tre beef really tenders and tasty!!!!Finally, Philadelphia has a pretty legitimate KBBQ spot just around the art museum! Philly's food scene is very good and so when I started working here, I was surprised with the lack of Korean options. 
Living in NYC and having traveled to Seoul, I think I have a pretty good idea of quality KBBQ. I was hesitant at first, but thought it was worth checking out.
So last Monday, my coworkers were craving Korean and so I gave Yelp a shot and found this gem. First thing we asked for was OB's and soju to make strong beers; they only had Sapporo's. We ordered the seafood pancake, beef and pork bulgogi, and the beef galbi.
I typically judge the restaurant based on their galbi which was marinated well and was a pretty good cut. I recommend checking the place out if you're hesitant. They even have a pretty sweet bar in the back if you're down to grab a drink.
Waiters were nice and entertaining. We're a pretty rambunctious group so I was glad they tolerated us after the the sixth bottle of soju. Not at the level of places like Mapo in Queens, but definitely a welcome addition.Overpriced and nothing special. Some of the menu items are literally (yes, literally) twice as expensive as the same items you'd find at other restaurants. The food wasn't bad (the meat for BBQ was good), but ranged from sub-par to par. I wouldn't think twice about dissuading friends from eating here. You certainly wouldn't find many Koreans eating here.
If you're looking for a place to impress a particularly shallow first date, I suppose the atmosphere/ambiance + expensive bill (that they catch a glimpse of while you put down your Preferred Platinum Master Executive VIP Holographic credit card) is nice for that.
Service was alright, waiters were fairly attentive.Would be a 3.5/5 but I'll round up. I went here on a weekend with friends and the place was packed. I was finally sat after a half an hour wait, at 8:30 PM. Maybe they were short-staffed or exhausted after a long Friday but they were not clearing empty tables nearly as efficiently as they should have and a few parties that had waited with me ended up leaving because it was almost as if they forgot about them...
The environment was okay, but the BBQ on our table was a bootleg BBQ at best. Definitely a cheap afterthought, just plopped on the table. Underneath you could see it just plugs in, with inadequate support for the barbecue (no real grease drip tray for example. With the lack of a tray the grease was dripping on the floor and some even dripped on my pants. I'm hoping this was just MY table, maybe someone knocked the tray off? I mean my feet were hitting it, my knees at least. 
Anyways onto the food, the cuts of meat were great but definitely a little expensive. I complained about the price, before seeing the amount of food they brought out! I really was impressed. We ordered a few side dishes that were lackluster but we came for the BBQ and Miga delivered. It was around 100 dollars for 2 of us with the BBQ combo for 2, beer, and side dishes included. I immediately regretted my decision to eat that amount of meat and proceeded to get the meat sweats. We had so many leftovers, my girlfriend and I both had leftover lunch for two days.There is no parking lot for this place so I had to street park which was incovenient.
Food didn't taste like authentic korean food. Dolsot bibimbap was the only food that was above average.this place was much less than aite
Service was SUPER slow - had to ask like 20 times for water
Food was just eh aite
Vibes just aite
Idk bro everything was just less than mediocreFor those of you who are not familiar with Korean food
This restaurant serve food that turned bad.
One of the side dishes was rotten. I don't know non korean can distinguish this. I told the server but there was no apology or any explanation. They simply ignored me. So I called the manager and he came to say sorry and that was it. Honestly I don't think they even care what you eat. The korean spices and sauces can disguise rotten food here.On the BBQ: Taste was excellent, but I feel like I could have gotten more for the portion ordered (and the price). 
The seafood pancake was PHENOMENAL.I admit, I only have ordered the Dolsat Bibimbap, so I probably shouldn't give 5 stars yet, but I think this restaurant is great and want it to be supported. Past restaurants in this space have had a short life span and I want Miga to succeed! 
The service is always excellent. Drinks are refilled, waiters are attentive but not overly so, and if you really like something in the banchan they will give you more! I love the Lotus Root! So tasty and fun to eat.
I wish their prices were a couple of dollars less, but as you can see from my picture, it's worth the cost. I don't know who their suppliers are, but their ingredients are fresh and of high quality, and you won't leave hungry... So I'm willing to pay $18 for a big sizzling bowl of Dolsat Bibimbap. Just look at that perfectly cooked egg on top! 
The atmosphere is open and the restaurant and bathrooms are clean and modern.
Support Miga especially those of you who live nearby! We need a quality place like this to stay!I want to say first that I have been expanding my dining palette and this has included Pho and other Asian cuisines, so Korean BBQ was next.  I have heard so much about Korean BBQ and as I asked around, this place was at the top of a more than a few people.   
I wanted to ease my way into my culinary journey, so I stated with the Korean BBQ Tacos (Spicy Chicken) and the Adamame - both pretty good.  Then my main dish was the Spicy Seafood Bibimbap - now what I enjoyed about this dish, is if you let the pot sit a little bit the rice becomes crispy and make the meal so much better - Yummy!!
My dinner date had the clear noodles with vegetables and it was a large portion.  As we enjoyed our dishes, we looked around and noticed the other diners enjoying the Korean BBQ being prepared at their tables.  I may try that next time.  
Service:  Adequate
Cost: Mid-Range
Environment:  Large and clean
I plan to come back and try other dishes.3.5 star review. We were pretty excited when this Korean restaurant came to the neighborhood. Usually, we go to Cherry Hill for our fix. We have been to this restaurant twice and it is off to a good start. It also needs to get some of the kinks out. 
The good: The drinks are reasonably priced, banchan is varied and yummy, portions are generous and flavorful, staff friendly. I like the gun mandu (fried potsticker), too. 
The bad: The dishes we have ordered were overly saucy (spicy pork bibimbap, bulgogi, and garlic chili shrimp), the time it takes to get the apps range from super short to super long, dishes are pretty expensive but you get a lot of food. 
All in all, it is a pretty good option for Korean food in Spring Garden.I am a big fan of Korean food and have been to many different Korean restaurants all over the country, including LA; so I do trust my taste in these dishes. The vibe of the restaurant and customer service was great. Although they never advertised this place to be authentic, I still have to say that this is the least authentic place ever. If you were to come to a Korean place, definitely never come here. It is too over priced and the dishes are of bad quality . The soondubu stew was expensive but not authentic. (For future reference, If you're looking for barbecue for a group of people, never come here. For two people, the barbecue is a whopping $70. Authentic restaurants are cheaper than this.) My daughter's jajjangmyeon was dry, tasteless and hard to stir. I don't have any thought of coming back.Good servers, good environment! The BBQ is good! Love beef! The hot pot is so-so. Good for friends hang out!Loved the atmosphere and the hospitality.  Wonderful service. The food was heavenly. No need to add any spices or anything. Not too spicy nor greasy. Very wonderful blend of tastes. Our server gave us some awesome recommendations and was very polite. In all we would definitely come back!Welcome to the neighborhood, Miga! Located in the former location of Lox Stock and Barrel and Pub and Grub, I hope they learn their lessons from the past failures in this spot.
The most noticeable difference was the staffing. It's a clean house with new faces. Everyone from the host, bartender, server and manager/owner (?) seemed professional, polished and aiming to please.
My first dining experience was during the soft open so I will try to be understanding and patient in my review. I will also not pretend to be an expert on Korean cuisine or Korean BBQ. 
To start, we received a complimentary sampling of little appetizers including kimchi, green beans, mushrooms, anchovies and various other veggies. We also received a complimentary sample of the ginseng chicken soup. The thickness in the texture of the soup was great.
My husband and I split the pumpkin bisque. I thought we'd be passing it back and forth, but it came in a large bowl with two smaller bowls and was absolutely perfect for sharing. It was very simple but a very nice use of pumpkin. It wasn't fully puréed but it was good to see the fresh pumpkins used. The flavor was very natural.
We also got the beef Bibimbap and the spicy pork Sundufu. The Sundufu was a soup like dish and came with rice. The bibimbap was really good except the rice and veggies got a little stuck to the bottom of the hot pot, and the rice got a little hard. Both dishes were tasty but a little light on the meat.
The main menu has been formally printed and bound, but our server read the drink and dessert menu off his pad. We were excited to have the banana ice cream, however after a delay we were told there was a back up in the kitchen and it wasn't available. They were very nice about it, but at the same time is scooping too scoops of ice cream really that intrusive? I'll give them the soft-open pass.
Speaking of the bar, they have a small but quality draft list. Standouts in my mind include the Stone IPA. The wine by the glass is currently Rex Goliath at a respectable $6 for a large pour. 
The space itself looks great. The walls are painted a nice deep red and a divider has been created in between the bar and main dining room. Of course there were some of the usual problems that come along with the building. If you are sitting in the front section by the door, it's drafty and cold every time the door opens. 
I'm not sure if a Korean BBQ is the best use of the space. With the great outdoor deck, I can't really picture myself dining outside. Perhaps it'll be a bar area only? Something about hearty meat soup or other hot entrees doesn't scream "outdoors."
In any case, best of luck, Miga. I wish you nothing but the best!This is a great Korean bbq joint just north of center city. If you don't mind a nice long walk up Ben Franklin parkway, it's not a bad way to burn off all the bbq calories you will be consuming! We didn't opt for bbq this time, and had the Sapporo on tap, the Miga pajeon seafood pancake, and tang su yook sweet and sour pork. The drink selection was not vast, but they do have  an okay soju list. I was pleasantly surprised that we were given banchan (small side dishes) with our meal even though we didn't order bbq. They were a nice pre-appetizer and we were even asked if we want a refill on the banchan once they were all gone! 
The Miga pajeon pancake was certainly unique. It had the seafood pancake base, with the addition of mayo and bacon. The bacon was presented in a way I have never seen before. It was tissue paper thin, and gently placed on top of the pancake. It was beautifully presented and had a distinct smoky flavor and interesting texture without being overbearing. Couldn't finish the pancake and took it to go, and it maintained the same texture with reheating! 
The tan su yook was delicious. It's like a better and updated version of orange chicken.  I've had this dish in places where they pour the sauce once the dish is brought to the table, which allows the pork to maintain it's crispiness. They didn't do that here, but it was still flavorful and crispy.
The size of the entrees here are enormous! One entree and one appetizer was more than enough for my boyfriend and I. I like this place a lot and think it's great for korean bbq, especially considering the options near center city are limited for this fare.As a Korean person who takes pride I her food, I would not go back to this place.  As others have written, it is super expensive and the food overall was not good.  I ordered tofu/mushroom dol sot bimbimbop, which has certain expectations, hot bowl, crispy rice and variety of vegetables.  The only thing I could eat without making a face, were the vegetables on top.  The rice had some type of syrupy liquid poured on top that was really sweet and made a big mushy, dense mass under the vegetables.  Oh and there was no way that rice was going to be crispy AT ALL!  I mention this the wait staff, she was apologetic, but then tried to pass it off as sesame oil.  Anyone with a regular palette would be able to tell the difference and even if it was sesame oil then they flooded all of the rice.   I wish I took a picture. 
My BF order soon tofu stew, and that was okay.  Yes it came with the egg, but even after we put it in, it didn't have richness and silky texture it should have.  It was meh...
Then we got the bill!  We were charged for the dinner price, and not the lunch price, but at that point we wanted to just leave.    We will not be back, which is sad to say because there aren't many good Koreans restaurant around CC.Service was a bit spotty. They threw away bones from karlbi that we asked to be saved. Panchon was not readily refilled. Karlbi was good but way overpriced. They could not get both grills to work on table so that was a bit frustrating. 4 kids and 5 adults. 4 orders of karlbi and 2 sam gyup sarl totalled 255 dollars. I was still hungry.Meh. The dumplings were underdone, pancake super greasy, and tacos drown in sweet sauce. Just pay a little more and order from Giwa.I came here with my fiancée on a Groupon because we were jonseing for some Korean food and heard good things. Decor and atmosphere was great. The food was just ok. We had kimchi jeon which was actually spot on texture wise- many places leave it a bit too thick and it ends up being gummy inside- as well as mul neangmyeon and kimchi dolsot bibimbab. Aside from all the items being a bit on the salty side, this was actually not bad by philly standards- but I've had some pretty awful korean food in philly so that isn't saying much. Where this place loses stars is the service. Maybe I'm used to a culture of ownership at these places- and the owner did seem to be working really hard. But the rest of the staff still seems pretty rusty and undertrained. Many were standing around and inattentive despite it not being busy. Waters and banchan were not refilled. White wait staff seemed at times uncomfortable with the menu and I've seen other reviews that mentioned mixing up similar sounding orders. The size and variety of banchan was also pretty stingy. If not for the Groupon I'd say this place is overpriced relative to the quality, but then I guess you pay for atmosphere and being in center city. I hope they work out some of the service issues soon because the place has potential. Hopefully I just came on an off day because this area needs some good korean food.Don is a pro. they offer combination of BBQ, In the traditional Korean place you will need to order each kind as an order. Here you have choice of the combination with everything.
Don is expert and nice. kind and detail oriented. He wants your business, he is flexible to accommodate our request. He even can give you discount. We will be back againIt was ok. The portions for the BBQ are a bit small and pricey. The kimchi and other side dishes were a little bland. 
Plus side? It wasn't freezing inside this place. Typically BBQ indoors creates a lot of smoke. Typically, most Korean BBQ have to have huge exhaust systems that can make the place a bit drafty, at times. The restaurant was super clean and the servers were friendly. Beautiful decor. 
I'm used to going to Korean restaurants toward the Northeastern corner of Philly. If you want authentic Korean, go anywhere up there. But if you don't feel like taking the drive, this place will suffice.My boyfriend and I had a wonderful experience at Miga! At just $20 a person (tip included) we had the small seafood pajeon with the Yelp offer, and a combo platter of beef galbi and spicy samgyeopsal. Rice and unlimited Korean appetizers were on the house with our orders. 
Though it is not mentioned in the menu, we were allowed to ask for a half-and-half meat platter for the Korean BBQ. It was only two of us, so we were ecstatic to have the opportunity to try two different kinds of meat at the price of one platter.
Our server was friendly and knowledgable, and a few people came by to check up on us and our meat. We had a problem with our bill, but the manager fixed it right away. 
I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a reasonably priced, yet super delicious Korean BBQ experience. We're looking to go back again to try their other dishes!The location of this place is awesome. you can sit outside or sit indoor. the decor of the place looks Korean and so it's pretty cool. However--I can't say much about the food. It was expensive for the quality and portion of the food. 
I got the seafood pajun and it was crispy but for the price of over $11--I don't think it was worth it. I got the marinated beef (~$30) as my main dish. Marinated kalbi for ~$30 or higher is expected, so the price wasn't the issue. It was the taste of the meat for that price that bothered me. The meat tasted sour like others have said and it made it me think the meat has been sitting around for awhile and was going bad. I didn't know you could ruin Korean BBQ until today. I've had mediocre BBQ but never tasted a sour korean BBQ meat. I also think because they use electric and not charcoal to cook the meat--it doesn't taste as good. I ate the whole thing though because 1. I didn't want to feel like I wasted my money and 2. I couldn't figure out why the meat tasted sour. 
I had Korean BBQ in LA this summer, so maybe that's why I feel so strongly about the meat here but I've had better Korean BBQ in Philly. The servers are great though, super nice.Cute waiter
Good food
Great neighborhood
Maybe I was in bad luck that day. The service was rather slow. 
It could have become my regular spot but I probably won't go back there in the near future.Tl;dr: great ambiance and service for date nights, try the seafood jjampong, look for the groupon
Enticed by the $24 for $40 groupon for two that's been floating around on the web, my boyfriend and I decided to bike here from university city and check out the Franklin Institute on the side. The food is great but more importantly the service is on point and the place is gorgeous - I'm so surprised that there weren't more couples there! The indoor seating is splashed with tea candles and the outdoor seating is basically drowned in flowers. Our server Chris asked if we had ever been to a Korean BBQ place before, and seeing that my boyfriend hadn't, proceeded to prep the grill, roast the meat/vegetables, and serve everything for us! 
The beef yangnyeom jumulluck at 29.95 wasn't cheap and we devoured it in no time, but seeing that it came with all the fixings of lettuce garlic peppers and sauces (and that our server helped us out so much) it satisfied our classy protein cravings. 
And I'm really glad we ordered the seafood jjampong! At 13.95, the noodle soup laden in octopus, clams, oysters, cloud ear fungus, and all manners of goodies could comfortably feed three people alone.Perfect food, perfect service, perfect atmosphere: This place rules:
Food wise- The sundufu is very flavorful. Even when I ordered it extra spicy, the spice did not take away all the flavor. There was still much to offer. The barbecue is delicious. I have tried all the meats and they are all definitely worth a taste. Personally, I would recommend the galbi (best marinade I've tried) , the jumulluck and the two samgyusaps. 
The service is great. You don't just get one server. Every server walks around and looks to help out any table with something they need or with help for the barbecue. Other than that, they are friendly and cultivated.
The atmosphere is wonderful. Plenty of windows where you can see a pretty garden and landscape. Dining room is well decorated and the lighting is dimmed to the right amount for a nice, intimate dinner or even a good time with some friends and family. There is even a bar in the back if you're just looking to drink.
All around a great,  new Korean bbq spot.