Yikes. Tonight we had a group of 11 and it was a complete nightmare. We arrived at 7PM. We ordered by 7:30 or so. We hadn't gotten banchan or any semblance of food until several of us went up to the kitchen several times and it was 8PM. The service was sooooo horrible. I cannot even believe they had the nerve to slap on 18% and not provide anything or even apologize for the massive delay. When I went up to use the restroom the food was sitting on the counter waiting to be delivered. Yet, the raw meats, the banchan still took about 10 min after I got back from the restroom.
At one point someone in our party went to the kitchen and asked for a pitcher of water, brought it back and poured it out to us. 
The plan was to order more food but given that the waitstaff didn't even come by we simply left at 9PM.Me and two girlfriends randomly stepped in one night for some dinner and we were immediately noticed upon entering, but we ended up standing there waiting for about 5-10 minutes before we were given any attention.
After being seated, we overheard the couple next to us complaining about the slow service because there were only two waitresses.. and I remembered seeing them in the window when we walked by the restaurant earlier before locking my bike.. so they must have been there for at least 20 minutes with just water, menus, and already ready to order.
Finally the waitress came over and took their order, and she came back and gave us our waters, and disappeared for maybe 10 minutes. She then came back and took our orders, and returned with ban chan for us while the couple next to us hadn't received their ban chan yet and they didn't receive it for another 10 minutes or so.
Food came out as it was done, so my two friends who got their entrees first kindly waited for mine to come out which was about 5-10 minutes.
While I did enjoy spending time chatting with my friends over dinner, the food was just a-ok. I didn't like any of the ban chan except for the fish cakes, and I wished the waitress understood me when I asked her if there were any scallops in the Haemeul Soon Dubu as I am allergic to them, but she thought I was talking about squid/calamari.. It was a bit expensive for korean food downtown when compared to other places in the area but I admit, my friends' kimchi fried rice and dolsot bibimbap were big in portions when compared to Giwa.
Even though the service was really slow that night because they had only 2 waitresses, at least they knew and were trying to do something about that because they had "Help wanted" signs inside and outside.This restaurant smelled.  Noticed it the moment we were seated and it was just kind of a turn off for an entire meal.  I was equally grossed out by all the shmutz on the ceiling.  Now on to the food.
Fine.  Nothing bad. Nothing to write home about.  I love getting the gazillion little bowls that come along with Korean food, but these just didn't do it for me.  I ended up ordering fried rice, an uninspired choice for Korean, but the smell of the place made me want to order something safe.  My friend had a plate of octopus he raved over.  My husband had some mackerel that was fine but not rave worthy.Great food, extremely friendly waitstaff, fair prices and a happy, friendly atmosphere.
The only disappointment was that they don't seem to use the in-table grills-- maybe it's a weekend thing.  That said, if our next visit is as satisfying as our first, they'll have no trouble getting five-stars out of me.First I'd have to agree with Chris R., this is solid 3.5 stars. It's across from Max Brenner, & after the event, my Buddy & I were hungry, so we ventured over to checkout the menu. I did hear about this restaurant before. WE just got 2 Maki rolls, to fill us up( we eat very little) as you can tell. The sushi was fresh, the interior was surprisingly plush & seating was nice, not cramped at all. They have the hot stone at the tables for when you cook hot pots , etc. Very nice and the staff was pleasant . Lunch specials are where their at, dinner can get higher in pricing , been to other Korean places, this one, for the area, locality-pricier then others.Finally, a good Korean restaurant in Center City! So much better than Giwa. In fact, don't ever go back to Giwa now that Miga is an option.
I've had the seafood soon dubu, chop jae, rice cakes (duk?), and fish. Everything here was delicious, but prepare to taste and smell like garlic for the next 12 hours. And if my memory is correct, their martinis are pretty reasonably priced.There are only so many reasons I will go into Philly, this is one of them. Miga is my favorite place downtown, Offering delicious korean bbq and interesting sides in a pleasant setting. I have taken friends a couple times and none of us can wait to go back. Miga is a decent value, it's fun, it's delicious. If you're thinking of going, do it!A story from a friend who came here before and was basically ignored the whole time had given me pause to Miga even though I was excited to know that another Korean restaurant has opened up in Center City. After a vegetarian friend invited me there to lunch so I can see for myself, I didn't find it that appalling at all. 
I do like Korean food, especially all the small appetizer side dishes that come with the meal. The whole display and the spectrum of choice can usually brighten my day. If you're going for lunch, try their bento boxes. It rings true to any Japanese restaurant that the bento boxes usually are the best deal. You can try a variety of food for a good price. The bento boxes here comes with fried rice, a fried dumpling, a few slices of kimbob, california roll, salad and soup. For $11, I strongly advocate people to come here for lunch. That particular day, I felt like having udon, and that was a bit bland for my taste and at the same price of a bento box for just one bowl of udon, it pales in comparison.
Came here again for dinner with my boyfriend and we ordered a seafood pajun (scallion pancake) that's probably the best I have had thus far. Fluffy chewy pancake with bits of fresh-tasting squid inside. It was great. The bulgogi here is perfectly cooked to a medium well so that it's not too chewy, the lettuce, rice, chili, garlic slices and ssamjang that comes with it make the perfect accompaniment. For good measure we also shared a sushi combo to try the Japanese side of the menu, it was decent enough but not stellar.
I love the silver chopsticks they placed on the table. It's very elegant. The decor is a tad strange with elephant, eagles and horses lining up the wall and window panes, it reminds me more of a Thai place. The unfinished ceiling is skillfully hidden by a pair of draping fabrics. One giant statue is especially worrisome on a corner hovering near a dining table that could crush a skull if it happens to fall. Some separation panels are also showing some tears, but the place generally looks pretty good. Service could use some tightening up because while I didn't feel ignored, there is still a certain amount of waiting.
I find the dinner here a lot more expensive than lunch. I spend $70 on three dishes and tips while lunch is only about $15 a person, but I will definitely go back for lunch.
3.5 starsMiga is really good Korean option even if you are a vegetarian. The location is great but still you can manage it miss it. Best part about Korean food is the assortment of things they provide before the meal.
I do not remember the names of the dishes I had there on my visits but it was really good. 
If I have to go to a little upscale Korean place in Philly Miga would be it.Have you ever wondered what it's like to eat those UN food rations? You know the ones that are just packaged to have shelf lives of 500 years and have absolutely no taste? Well why wonder when you can just come here and find out for yourself? Because that's what they serve you- just bland as all hell food.
Honestly, plants eat better food than this. I might be exaggerating a little bit but I ordered quite a bit of stuff and didn't like 1 single thing. I kept waiting for it to get better- never happened. I've never been so disappointed with food at a nice restaurant like this. 
I have only been here once but I feel like I ordered more than enough things on the menu to get a good feel of what they're like.
The restaurant itself is really cool, setup really nice and has stoves built into your tables where they will come cook your food (only for parties of 4 or more). The service was excellent and I think they definitely do what they do well, with one huge caveat: The food is not for everyone. I did not enjoy a single thing that I ordered. 
I have nothing against this place really- other than the fact that it's a huge scam to charge 50 bucks+ to serve you cold cabbage and bland meat so it's safe to say that I won't be coming back.
It might just be that I dislike all Korean food, not just Miga, so if you want to try Korean food and not risk wasting your money, you might want to get it somewhere cheaper first. 
I'm still giving Miga three stars because I can tell that they are running this place well and have great service. Overall this is a really nice restaurant and I enjoyed my experience there as best as I could while not enjoying the food at all.
I hate to say it-- bug I'm glad they're closed now. 
EDIT:
Even real korean guy did not like this place: http://www.yelp.com/biz/miga-philadelphia#hrid:nED11QOkQtuMz_F3Q17VMQsome people hate on miga but seriously, it's not THAT bad. you just need to know what to order. i rarely get bbq at miga; instead, i opt for the soups here. i stick to yoo gae jung and tarogubob (sp??).  i've never had tarogubob before since i've never seen it in any of the new york ktown restaurants. but it's a great alternative to yoo gae jung!  must try.The day that I went, I was told as soon as I walked in that they were short-staffed and they made that apparent during my entire visit.
That being said, the ban chan was mediocre.  I had the bibim neng myum.  It was tepid instead of cold.  
All in all, I was disappointed, especially considering it's the only Korean food that I know of in Center City.They started strong but faded fast. The complimentary little bowl of soup with rice flour cakes and garlic was a nice warmup from the cold outside, and a generous assortment of banchan was provided for us to munch on until our entrees were ready. Unfortunately things went downhill from there.
The yukgaejang (spicy beef stew with assorted vegetables) was disappointingly low on solids - not too much in respect to beef, noodles or veggies. I had a huge bowl of soup that was mostly broth, and the broth itself was pretty one dimensional. It had a good amount of heat, but there wasn't much beef flavor, or any other flavor for that matter. The sundubu chigae (tofu stew in a ceramic bowl) was also lacking in the complexity and interplay of flavors that I expect from really good Korean food.
We might come back for a second chance to try some barbecue, but with Pastoral and Giwa close by it might not be soon.Will miss you Miga. Authentic and delicious Korean cuisine and five star friendship. I will see you soon at next venture.Actually, the food is pretty good! Probably the best Korean restaurant with an ambiance in Philly... went there after graduation with the family and ordered some of my favorite dishes that aren't available at other restaurants, like modum jun and kalbi jiim. Yum.We headed to Miga with a big group for dinner. I've never had Korean barbecue before and this place was a nice intro. We had a requested to have a table with a grill when the reservation was made. While we got a table - only one burner was working. This ended up being okay because only half the table planned on grilling. 
Our server was very helpful in answering all of our questions. I ended up splitting the pork belly and the seafood bibimbap with my husband. Wrapping the cooked meat in lettuce & topping with a chili paste was great - flavorful and crunchy. The bibimbap was excellent - a lot like fried rice - and the serving bowl kept the food really hot. The dishes also came with an assortment of small side dishes - the kimchi was excellent! 
When we finished our meal, we waited a while to see our server again - the restaurant was almost empty and I felt like she forgot us but I'd definitely recommend this place.MIGA is solid in the Central Philly desert of Korean food, which edges it toward a 4 star rating, given the dearth of alternatives in the area.  Stews are tasty and salty.  Spicy pork is yummy but not amazing.  Food thus seems overpriced --  I'm used to better Korean food for cheaper.  Nice decor and service.
I love Korean food but wasn't left hankering to go back.  If I was stuck in Center City craving Korean, I'd probably go to MIGA.  But I'd rather not.Ehhh.... Over priced. Food was alright & Service was alright. Id prefer k town for cheap and better food.MIGA is in an energetic area of Philadelphia. When you walk in it's clean, bright, and artistically furnished. The bar is to the right and it's gorgeous one at that. 
We spent a couple hours here and in that time we were able to get to speak with the bartender who taught us a lot about Korean food- which was informative to say the least.
We then ate- and ate well. The grilled meats and sides were tastefully prepared, although you will have to adjust your palate for the soybean tofu or the spicy string beans if you're not accustomed to that taste. We enjoyed our pork belly and the rib was good but not the best. Overall a good experience and the wait staff wants you to come back and will bend over backwards to assure that.I had a great evening throwing back the soju outside. Aloe FTW! I didn't really try food per say, but I had some edamame (among other appetizers) and I had the "cake and ice cream." I forget the name, but it hit the SPOT! It was like an awesome funnel cake filled with ice cream and whipped cream and chocolate and whatnot cherry on top. And I don't even eat ice cream, but I loved it!
We observed the good luck customs as far as what I was told and that was pretty cool... not sure how accurate though. Beautiful day. Good drinks. Great dessert! I'll be back! And next time, I'll definitely have some BBQ.
Oh and the service was a little slow (with our drinks), but they checked on us often.I had a pleasant experience here.  We came in the afternoon on a weekday and I ordered the pork bulgolgi bento.  The pork bulgolgi was flavorful and good.  There was also a mess of food in the bento.. dumplings, a little sushi, some other things.  And it came with the sides and soup, so that was a lot of food for the price.  
The service went smoothly.  I could just eat and have a good conversation with my friend while the waitstaff gives me food and water. Overall, it was a good experience.  And to top it off, I even got a nice very friendly smile as I left.  I don't think I've ever got that from a korean restaurant.  Will go again.Had a great, huge lunch special here.  Only $9 for a korean "lunch box".   Your choice of KBBQ meat, plus tons of Korean side dishes.  You won't leave hungry.  Great lunch deal.  I recommend the spicy pork.We had been meaning to go to this restaurant for almost a year and finally last Saturday we just said "whatever! we're going!"  I am so glad we went, it was a lovely experience.  
When we walked in the door we were greeted by the hostess right away and taken to a table.  (If I had any criticism of this place it would probably be over-utilization of their space, lots of tables separated with short screens giving the feeling privacy.  Removing winter coats and bags without bumping things was tricky.)  Our waitress came to take our order I hadn't made up my mind and she waited patiently while I bugged my boyfriend about which dishes he wouldn't mind sharing.  Finally we settled on the beef and octopus hot pot.  As she placed the food on the table she looked at our exuberant faces and asked "First time?" we nodded and watched happily as she prepared our fresh food right at our table.  I'm not sure if she was pretending, but she seemed to be enjoying herself while she cut up our food for us like a mother bird.  It made the whole evening feel comfortable.
Besides the pleasant service we also had a little pitcher of soju infused with lychi nuts.  So delicious, alcohol has never made me so happy.Ok I went back for lunch today, and I have to say, I was quite impressed. We got the seafood pancake appetizer, and I had the Galbi (short ribs), and for $11, you got a healthy does of short ribs served over peppers and onions, a 3 piece Cali roll, 2 piece Kimbob (Korean roll), piece of egg custard, chilled noodle salad, fried rice, and two dumplings plus miso and all of the usual side dishes. It was A TON of food. WOW. It was also tastier and the sidedishes were more pronounced then last time. It was basically the same price as Giwa, but much more authentic,and much more food. Yes you have to tip, but most do at Giwa anyway. I am a believer. I think it is now on par with Pastoral.Great for inexpensive soju.  
Lately the quantity of banchan hasn't made up for quality - broccoli with ketchup & sprouts so old they break into mush when touched with chopstics, really?  The stews don't really pack any kick either, going too mild on the spice.  The service is always friendly, but the kitchen can easily get backed up leading to loooong waits between courses.
I appreciate that if a Korean food craving strikes on a Sunday, Miga is always open, but sadly it's a bibim bop only (safe) kind of place for me.Profoundly mediocre. It amazes me how a restaurant can take vibrant, exciting Korean cuisine and transform it into dull, bland, plain food. 
After my move from NYC to Philly, I was missing K-town badly and longed for the comfort of Woorijip. I came to MIGA with friends, seeking out japchae, bibimbap, and bulgogi. MIGA managed to render several of my favorite Korean dishes into unidentifiable masses of blah. I also have a strong feeling that the place used to be an Indian restaurant because of the blatantly non-Korean décor . 
If you are a lover of hot, tasty, home-cooked Korean goodness, stay away. MIGA is overpriced and well below average.I've was really excited to try this place as there are not many Korean joints in Center City, but my experience was just ok.
I came for dinner with one of my friends after a long day of walking around, so we decided we wanted something nice and savory.  Korean food to the rescue!
I can't believe how much they charge for simple Korean street food.  What on earth?!  And the amount of MSG related flavoring product they put in their food is not a great things either.
With that said, their side dishes were really nice, and they give you a nice variety. 
The decor is really nice and the waitstaff is super friendly.
I don't think I'll be venturing here again, but I don't think it's the worst place in the world either.  If you really want Korean, it might be better to head to the shabbier joints up in the Northeast.I went to MIGA with my brother for lunch on a Sunday. It's gorgeous on the inside, I loved it. Might I add that the bathrooms are nice too. There was no lunch special for some reason, even though when I checked the website beforehand, it seemed as though there would be. At that point, everything on the menu was at least $11. I chose Manduguk, which was a soup with beef dumplings, scallions, gim, some sort of clear-looking noodles, and a fried egg on top. It was a sizable bowl. First we were served a variety of small appetizers, about 10 of them. I tried all of them, and all were very flavorful. I don't know, for the price I would've rather spent my money on almost anything else. It could just be me, but I didn't really enjoy the Manduguk, especially because I'm pretty sure its high sodium is what gave me quite a headache and made me sick to my stomach later that evening. The service was great here. I may still return for happy hour or to try the sushi - perhaps I just need to try something else. I'd like to try the actual Korean BBQ, because you can do it right at your table.having never had korean food, a friend and i stopped here for a late lunch last week.  we arrived around 2 pm so we essentially had the place to ourselves, which made for a relaxed meal.
we both ordered seafood bibimbap as recommended by our server.  (hell, we were probably *those rookies* who, like the amateurs ordering pad thai at the thai restaurant, get the eye-roll from the pros.  c'est la vie...) the portion was very generous and came with 8 or so banchan.  since i had alerted the waiter at the outset of the meal about my gluten intolerance, he made sure that i knew which banchan i could eat with my dietary restriction. the bibimbap and the few banchan i tasted were very flavorful.  the bibimbap was spicy but not overwhelming; i could still enjoy my food without grabbing for my beverage after every bite.
at the conclusion of our meal, we were given a cinnamon ginger tea digestif. this was the highlight, in my opinion.  the tea was just a tiny bit sweet, and the flavors of the cinnamon and ginger blended nicely.
i'll be back for sure and will try not to order the WASPiest thing on the menu.
bonus: attentive, polite waitstaff
nota bene: sushi rolls are listed on the menu posted in the restaurant window; however, miga does not sell sushi anymore. (as per the waiter, there are a couple of sashimi options though.)$21.00 for pork Bulgogi- come on now- OVERPRICED.  It was tasty but not that tasty.  Sides are ok- nothing to write home about.  In Hawaii you can get as good of korean for like 8 bucks at a fast food korean joint no less.   They do use good rice though- and the quality of the pork was good- but I think 15 bucks would be more reasonable- especially for take out (which I did)haha I gave the same number of stars as my last review because I do not feel they deserve 4 yet, but I must say that Miga has great sushi.  Their rolls (about $10 and up) are very filling and worth every penny.  My favorite is the tiger roll.  As for korean food, I'm still not sold.  I'd rather make the trip to Hmart in Darby to east some kick ass spicy Korean food.Worst service ever. Arrived and sat for 25 minutes without anyone coming over. 2nd time it's happened while eating here. K-BBQ was good thoughEasily the worst restaurant I have ever been to in Philadelphia, please save yourself the hassle - not worth your money or the 3 hours you have to wait to get your food. 
The service was absolutely atrocious. Every server was running like chickens with their heads cut off with empty hands...the restaurant was probably around half capacity and almost all of the tables didn't have food.
Normally, I wouldn't care so much about terrible service if the food is worth it but the food was TERRIBLE.
We ordered vegetable dumplings and I got a beef with with the middle still raw. yum.
the tempura was probably worst tempura I've ever had, the batter was so thick and tough it actually tasted like eating leather. I used to work in a korean restaurant all throughout high school so I've had my share of tempura and know when tempura is bad.
After two hours, we finally got our seafood bibimbap except there was no seafood, a lot of onions and then we found a piece of hair in the dish. awesome.
I've lived in Philly for awhile now and have also eaten at a good number of restaurants, trust me when I say that the korean foodtruck food I've had in the city is infinitely better.The quality of food is alright, and the ambiance is def more in the "nice-ish" range. However, being from the Bay Area, I found this place to be ridics expensive. How is soju $14?! We'll prob go here if we have a desperate craving for Korean but I def can't understand the pricing when compared to the quality.Holy delicious! This place is awesome. Stopped here last night with the bf for dinner and was blown away by the yummy dishes and enormous portions.
Matt and I are both Korean food virgins, and our waitress was super helpful in explaining what was up, and making suggestions. For an appetizer, we split the Kimchi pancake -- like a scallion pancake, but with a kick. It was giant (big enough for a meal) and came with a variety of accouterments like shitake mushrooms, anchovies, radishes, spinach, and more.
For the main meal, we split an order of Beef Bulgogi, and seafood dolsot bibimbab. The Bulgogi was super tender, and the waitress came over and showed us how to wrap the meat and rice in a piece of lettuce, like a burrito. Yum yum yum!  The dolsot bibimbob came in an earthen stoneware bowl, which meant the rice was nice and crispy. The seafood portion was generous -- i found shrimp, calamari, and clams in this bad-boy.
Service was super-attentive -- almost too attentive at times! -- the busboy already had the bibimbob and pancake wrapped up and ready to go before Matt was even finished eating! But then they also gave us extra rice to take home, and packed all our leftovers in a brown paper bag for us. Did I mention the portions are huge? Matt and I both ate until we were stuffed, and easily have enough food for dinner tonight. Whoopee!
Miga's in the process of obtaining their liquor license, but for now they're a BYO. Keep an eye out on the sign outside -- the bar should be up and running any day now.Korean food... in Philadelphia. Who'd have known.
Living near a hotspot of Korean restaurants in California for most of my life I've had a couple of occasions to get familiar with all sorts of Korean food and I must say, MIGA does a darn decent job.
We came here on a whim late night after a big food day (we didn't really need anymore) in search of late night korean, sushi and yums.
Covered with snow we marched inside and were seated instantly. To our surprise there were actually other people there.
In classic fatso fashion we ordered more than our bellies could ever handle. Forgetting that Korean food is always pre-empted by starter treats we ordered 3 sushi rolls, a beef bibimbap for me and udon tempura for my gf. It all came out steaming hot with the sushi rolls surprisingly nice and fresh for a Korean restaurant. As expected we couldn't finish all the deliciousness and ended up taking much of it back with us but it was a nice experience.
The waiters are young, friendly and humorous too.
If I ever wanted Korean in Philly ever again, I would head straight to MIGA.
Side-note: As of July they were not doing sushi any longer, I'm not sure if this still stands but it is unfortunate. Hot soupy Korean food with sushi is awesome.MIGA has a decent amount of seating available and always accommodating to groups. There are Korean restaurants in Northeast Philly which have some better food but as for Center City this is probably tops. As for drinks the Soju is worth a try - tastes really good but it isn't very strong. 
MIGA is definitely worth a try.A forgettable experience when so many good restaurants are available in Philly, including fun and interesting Korean such as Koja Grill on North Broad where you can enjoy REAL Korean food.
For Miga it is an overpriced restaurant taking advantage of their location to serve a below average food accompanied with bad service.
When we arrived at 7:00PM on a Friday, only 40% of the tables were occupied and there was ample number of staff. It still took 35 minutes to place our order and almost an hour to get the appetizers. 
As we were getting hungry, we asked him to bring us the Banchan but he said that they had to be served AFTER we got the appetizers. House rules (???). 
We had ordered a tasteless vegetable Tempura. It seems they are not using a good Tempura flour. 
The  $39 Hot Pot was a disappointment. The metal pot of stock is supposed to be placed at the center of the dining table for everyone to share. The waiter placed it on a gueridon on the side and started to serve us.We requested to have the pot placed on the table and he got annoyed. It took another 10 / 15 minutes to get it placed in the center of the table. The Hot Pot broth was spicy but with little taste. The Calamari had been cooked  so many times that it was impossible to chew on it.  
For the wine, we had call first to find out if we can bring our own wine which is pretty common practice in Asian restaurants in Philly. The answer was yes, $30. They should have said a simple sorry no. It is more than the price if you buy a bottle in the restaurant. 
Their wine list has a decent selection of about 18 wines from different countries with reasonable prices from $26 to $34. But our waiter was completely inept. He had no clue not even if a Riesling was red or white wine. We ask about their Blue Moon beer and we got the same blank look. 
Overall a disappointing experience. The best part of the meal were the free stuff: the Banchan and the little fruit salad they give you at the end of the meal.
If good food and good service is important to you choose another venue.I first went to MIGA about two years ago. I really liked it. I think I liked it because I was with a group of twenty awesome people. I went again on Saturday night with my boyfriend and his family because they wanted Korean food. 
We ordered chicken lettuce wraps and some other stuff that I don't eat. We cooked at the table which was fun. The food wasn't that good though. I ate it but that's just because I'm greedy. The first time I went, I had a rice bowl. It was really good. I don't know what happened this time around. 
In addition, the service was too slow. I did like that it was lively though. It's a great place for groups but for me the food was just ok.Take my review with a grain, as I really don't know what the food was like, as we never got served and left after wasting 45 minutes here.  Here's my experience because I'm suspect when a 2 month establishment has 24 reviews already, are hugely positive and with such terrible service.  
We had a party of 3 and arrived closer to 9 pm, still within the 8 oclock hour.  A couple was waiting as well and the dining room looked quite full except for 3 4-top tables occupied only by empty pint glasses. 
The hostess didn't greet us and after a few minutes waiting in the foyer of the well decorated Korean themed restaurant I asked the status and if we could get a grill table.  She checked her book first and offered that it would be 15 minutes for a table.  The empty tables didn't have the grill built in, so we offered to wait.  
It was only when asked to site did we then notice a sidewalk board marketing BYOB.I had lunch from Miga today, and it was a horrible experience. I received fewer side dishes than the Korean customers, was not visited by my waitress for 20 minutes, and then was given an excuse for why my food was undercooked. Do not eat here if you are not Korean. I am actually Korean! But I realized that the waitress assumed I wasn't when she both spoke to me in English and explained my dish to me. This was my third time at Miga...and it will be my last.Miga was awesome. first of all, the atmosphere was more like a high-class korean restaurant with nice decorations, but the food was moderately priced. My bf and I ordered a japchae of appetizer size but it came in dinner size, with of course fantastic and authentic taste. We also ordered the kimchee pa-jon,which was crispy and not that spicy at all. For entree, we had the seafood soup in a big pot. It was awesome, filled with seafood and the broth was very good, altho we suspected a bit of MSG in there. Overall, the customer service was great, and the value is very high for the price of the food.I went to MIGA with a co-worker for an early dinner. The atmosphere was really lovely and the service was wonderful, but the sushi but nothing special. $7 for an Alaskan roll and $7 for a spicy tuna roll? Outrageous. There are plenty of sushi places in the area- if you're all about the fish and not about the room, go to Vic's- the bang for your buck is so much greater there.Meat eaters take it for granted, but vegetarians know the pain of finding a Korean establishment that isn't hostile toward them and their dietary restrictions. I am a die hard carnivore, but I've always been either very good friends with or a girlfriend to an herbivore. Bless the people who are environmentally conscious and give a damn about sustaining the earth's resources; God knows I am not one to step up to the plate. Miga is one of the said restaurants that makes life a bit easier for vegetarians by 1) offering different options, 2) spelling it out on their menus, and 3) making the ordering process easy breezy! Whether you are craving pajun (Korean scallion pancake), japchae, sundubu/soondubu, chigae/jjigae, or dolsot bibimbap, you can order it with no meat without an awkward response "I need to go check with the chef first" from the server.I was going to write a review of my experience at Miga last night but, evidently, Kate B. had the exact same experience. I went with my boyfriend, after a co-worker of his reccomended it, both of us Koren food virgins as well and our minds were sufficiently blown.
The only difference between my experience and Kate B.'s is that I'm giving it five stars because our great waitress looked exactly like one of my best friends. 
The highlight of the meal was the soft shell crab tempura with that coconut sauce. Holy shit. We also had the seafood pancake (which I chose based on very accurate rave reviews by other Yelpers) and enjoyed the load of sidedishes and boiling hot soup that I couldn't resist and, consequently, sizzled my tongue. I ordered the veggie dolsot bibimbob and, even though I didn't use the spicy sauce, it was flavorful, delicious, and filling on it's own. My boyfriend ordered the beef brisket, which was cooked at our table and I'm sure tasted delicious.
The prices were extremely reasonable, the food was great, the service was good, the atmosphere was relaxing. All good things.
Also, I've been known to write some sickened, scathing reviews, so I can respect one-star reviews. But do yourself a favor - don't let Karen F.'s one-star review hold you back. I assure you, the restaurant doesn't smell like fecal matter. At all.Short end of it, we walked out.  The wait to have someone come and take our order, was not cool.  I was getting ready to walk out, but finally someone came over.
It was HOT out, and we were in the neighborhood and wanted some Neng Myun, which is a simple cold broth with buckwheat noodles.  They were sold out, and it was only about 1:30 in the afternoon.  There were 5 tables with people, and they said they just served their last two.  So, you had maybe ten servings ready for a hot day?   Korean restaurants do not run out of Neng Myun on a Summer day.  It's like not having rice.  And with the overall simplicity of the dish, being a chilled beef broth that is lightly seasoned, you don't run out.  It's a Cardinal Sin in the Summer. 
I heard some bad reviews about the place and so avoided it and went to other places around the area, or just drive out to one of the other neighborhoods.  I figured, being in the neighborhood and being hot and sweaty I would give it a try.   It was a wild goose chase.  
It seems more fixated on ambience than service and food.  Two things that are the most important in a Korean restaurant.This place has the best Korean BBQ I've had in Philly.  And their weekday lunch specials are a steal.  If you work nearby (or are free weekdays at lunchtime) stop by for one of the best deals in town; you'll be amazed at how much food you get for around $10.  
The Jeyuk Bulgogi is so good and none of the more fast food-type places (BB Go, Giwa) even have Galbi (so good!).As far as American Korean food goes, this place is good. The little side dishes that come out before the meal are fun, and my main course (beef rice bowl) was tasty. All of us left very full and very satisfied. And, with my main course costing only $14 including the side dishes, I thought the price was very good.Worst Korean food I've ever had...their metal chopsticks are dumb too...very very disappointed. An order of Beef bulgogi is almost 20 bucks and it's like half a cup full. What a jip.Very modern, Asian-esque decor. Beef bulgogi is $20.50. Our server said it's perfect for 2. Depends how hungry those 2 are. It was an astonishingly small portion. Our sushi was delayed because according to our server, "the sushi chef is apparently busy." The service is really slow; we waited 40+ mins for our check, which 3 different servers tried to give us. The bathrooms are.. Interesting. Mirrors reflect you from almost every angle, so you can watch yourself do business.Stopped in for a beer,ended up canceling our dinner reservations at a different restaurant. We ate here! The panju was scrumptious! So was the beef soup!we had a small group at Miga for dinner a few nights ago.  the decor is light, breezy, comfortable.  The servers were friendly and polite.  Although it seemed to take a little longer to get served than I would have liked
The food was very good.  We got a range of traditional Korean dishes;  Kalbi, bulgogi,  bibibop, etc.  Great kim chees, it was fun cooking over the grill.  All in all, a very nice restaurant and very pleasant experieine.  I would recommend it to all.-Overpriced meat dishes.
-Mediocre side dishes.
-Pretty good and friendly service.
-Must try is tofu - pretty darn spicy and good.
-Happy hour is not that cool...only applies to the bar and, not sure about this but, you're supposedly allowed to order the drinks separately and bring it over to your table. Meh. What kind of happy hour is that?
I'm from CA so I've had some pretty darn good KBBQ before and this place...is only OK.  I haven't tried many KBBQ places here in Philly yet but if this is one of the better ones than...I'm sad haha.  It's not THAT bad but I'd rather go buy my own KBBQ and make it myself for cheaper.Definitely the best Korean restaurant in Center City. And prices were suprisingly decent. :) I came here for lunch and got the seafood soondubu ($11) and it was just the cure for this chilly day. It came out piping hot and loads of tofu. Of the Korean restaurants in the city, Miga seems the most authentic. Their soup was very flavorful. I had a decent amount of seafood in it as well, though all of it seemed very miniature. The roommate got the beef soondubu ($11) but said they were seriously lacking meat. They also gave us a bunch of sides before we received our food and they all tasted pretty good as well. 
The decor for this place is really cute. I love the metal chopsticks and the bar looks stacked. I'll definitely return to try some other dishes as well as their happy hour (5-7pm). Glad to finally have a go-to place for tofu soup! It's hard to give a better detailed review since I didn't get to try the BBQ or any other dishes so an update is needed upon return :)
EDIT: they no longer have happy hourMy husband and I ate here with a $15 for $30 GroupOn Now this past Sunday night.
I was happy to see banchan served. Most were quite familiar, but I don't ever have to see chopped anchovies again.  They also served some sort of pasta tuna salad. That was downright weird and neither of us touched it.  We were happy with the kimchi, pickled cucumbers, tofu, bean sprout salad, Korean radishes... There were 9 served in all. A wonderful array of tastes.
We ordered vegetable tempura, pan fried vegetable mandu and pork bulgogi.  We don't normally eat that much fried food, I'm not sure why we ordered the tempura, but both were incredibly light on the palate. The tempura was average tempura. The mandu had a great crispy dumpling shell and the vegetables inside were spiced and diced nicely.
The pork bulgolgi was the highlight.  It was $20 for the entree, but served us both well (we had tons of food left over).  It wasn't the best I have ever had, but a completely solid dish.  The meat was sliced incredibly thin and marinated nicely.  The pork version of bulgogi is cooked in the kitchen as it is much more saucy then the beef bulgogi (there are bbq's installed in the middle of the tables so you can cook your own meat).
We had 3 different waiters and waitresses helping us, so that proved a bit difficult to get a check.  They were attentive and absent all at the same time (a blessing until you want to leave and don't know where anyone is).
We'll definitely go again. It was husband's first time eating Korean and he definitely enjoyed the new flavors as well as having all the banchan served along with the meal.I have to admit, I'm not incredibly familiar with Korean cuisine. My husband and I were wandering the city looking to try something new when we came across Miga. 
The atmosphere in Miga is really quite lovely. We were both fans of the decor. Our waitress was very helpful with pronunciation and explanation of the menu. 
My husband played it safe and ordered Chicken Katsu (which is essentially  a chicken cutlet). I went for the Bokum with baby octopus (may as well, right?). It was very spicy- major bonus points, but points were deducted for texture. Not from the octopus- that was fine, but the vegetables had a weird texture I'm not familiar with nor a fan of. Of course I'm sure this is just part of my ignorance as I've never had Korean fare before. I'm giving this 4 stars because the flavor was wonderful and the octopus was perfectly cooked. Next time I will try something different to avoid the texture issues I had with the Bokum.My Korean friends in the area vow that the best Korean restaurants are found north of the city, however, Miga is certainly a welcomed addition to the offerings.  
I went here one hot afternoon late summer and was craving bibim-nengmyung.  (Think neng-myung, only served cold in a metal bowl with a red pepper paste.)  Delicious.  It satisfied my craving.  
I was most impressed with the amount of small bowls that are offered as part of the panchan.  Usually, a Korean restaurant will offer about three small bowls per person, but here, I was offered six!  
If you cant make it up to the northern reaches of the city, then this place in the heart of the city is a good bet.Ate here on Sunday for a late dinner and was impressed with both the prices and the food.  My stew was awesome at $11 and my friends Dolsot Bibimbob was tasty, as well.  The sides were numerous and tasty and the complimentary egg dish was delicious (and I don't even like eggs).  The staff was efficient and friendly.  The check came to $28 for two main dishes, an edemame appetizer, and all the tasty sides.  I'm exicted to come back for some good Korean food.I found this restaurant on Yelp after a reservation we had placed fell through (Thanks Yelpsters!).
We had a group of 9 people and Miga was a great place for us! It was a really nice Korean restaurant- I agree with other reviews that said it was the classiest Korean restaurant they'd ever been to! But then again the prices also reflected that since it was a bit expensive for a Korean restaurant.
They had plenty of room for large parties (and even had a room to the side for groups that have reservations). The staff was very friendly and accommodating. We were there for a surprise dinner and we ended up waiting a long time for the guest of honor to show up. They weren't irritated at all that we were there for such a long time and didn't try to shove us out to get other guests in. 
The food and drinks were great! The lychee soju was very mild and smooth to drink and was served in very unique bottles. The fish in the chirashi was very fresh! And the soondooboo jjigae was tasty. They also offered a good variety of side dishes (bahnchan).
One things to watch is that they say on the menu that tip is automatically included for large parties (I think it was for 6 or more?). So when we paid, my friend who was handling the bill sidn't pay attention and just told us what we owed.  After we paid, we realized that the tip hadn't been included so we had to redo the bill. We mentioned that we thought that the tip was already included and they say that sometimes they don't. Oops guess it's good to always check, eh?So far this place has met my expectations in  Korean restaurants. Hmart foodcourt and other Korean restaurants have not been able to satisfy my craving for the "right" korean food, but this place did.
I had Beef SoonDooBoo on my first visit and it tasted just right. I wished there were a little more vegetable in there. It was during lunch and the price was pretty decent - $11.
Went for the 2nd time - had BoSsam and Dolsot Bibimbop. The place was crowded and it took awhile to order our food..I recall that there were only about 3 servers for about 15-18 tables..they were very busy.
Banchan was great! I was very surprised to see "Jang Jo Rim" - beef brisket in soysauce- since you don't see them often. Impressive.
Bibimbop's sauce - chili paste- was somewhat too sweet for my taste. It was probably made to fit non-Korean's taste.. eh. It had good amount of vegetable and rice,though. It's a healthy tasty meal.
Bossam was great! It's steamed pork with cabbage, seasoned raddish and OYSTERS. I strongly recommend this dish.
[[Technique to eat this entree:  wrap the piece of meat, raddish OR kimchi and oysters to eat it. Dip the meat in salted (small) shrimp sauce (saewoojut) before you wrap it.]]
I'm excited to try the BBQ. If BBQ's good, this place will probably become #1 Korean restaurant for me in Philly.Miga has relocated to 2001 Hamilton Street across from the WaWa.  They re-opened in early 2015.  Their website is now www.migaphilly.com
We're happy to finally have a decent Korean restaurant in the neighborhood. They have an awesome outdoor deck!  My husband and I went on a whim for Saturday lunch on one of the early spring days that was warm.  It was nice to sit outside on the deck, nibbling on Banchan and enjoying a beer. They relocated to the space that was formerly "lox, stock, and barrel" and an Italian restaurant before that. They say they have plans to put the bbq grill tables outside, so for now you can only order Korean bbq inside. The menu is huge and the portions are pretty big as well.Located right in Center City, Miga consistently satisfies my cravings for Korean food. I am a fan of the japchae with tofu (the tofu is slightly fried on the outside and adds another flavor to the mix), the sundubu with seafood (comes with a raw egg to be cracked and added right on the spot), and the beef bulgogi (be sure to ask for the spicy sauce on the side). The portions are fair for the price, and we sampled a wide variety of tasty side dishes as well. A few times when we ordered only one order of bulgogi, the restaurant staff still allowed us to grill the meat ourselves, though I doubt they're that lenient when the place is crowded.
The only con is the slow service. On a busy night, most likely you'll have a hard time getting your waiter's attention to refill a glass of water. The service is also unpredictable. On our first visit, we were served by a fabulous waiter who took the time to explain all of the side dishes to us. But the next visit, we had a slow waiter who hardly paid attention to us during the entire meal and took about 20 minutes to bring us our check.  
Overall, awesome location, great food, and good value.Actually a very decent Korean restaurant.
Interior decor reminded me more of a Spanish bent than Korean; the most Korean part of it was the cloth drapes up top, but the archways and lack of light wood in the restaurant made it feel much different than the places in K-town in NYC. You can be seated at a table with a BBQ pit or without, depending on what you expect to eat.
A good, attentive server, with good suggestions for food -- all the big, common dishes were mentioned, but when we asked what she ate, well, she said she ate stuff not on the menu. Hm. Not helpful in that regard.
As for the sides, we had a soy-potato, warm boiled soy lotus root, chilled watercress, new kimchee, regular kimchee, sweet yellow radish kimchee, vinegar-white kimchee, fishcake w/ peppers, and fried egg over cucumber and flattened meatballs. A good selection, tasty, and we asked for more and they gave it.
Appetizer of the seafood pajun. Tasty, thick slices and plenty of seafood inside. A good choice as an appetizer (apparently you can get it as a meal, too).
The dinner itself - chicken bulgogi for one, I had the dolsat bibimbop (good use of vegetables, egg, and hot sauce in a very hot stone bowl), and the cod fish casserole wasn't bad (although spicy).
Ask the waitstaff if you don't know much about the menu. They'll have answers for you.  
They also serve sushi here, but didn't try that this time!Miga is a new korean restaurant that just opened on 15th street near walnut along with Max Brenner the chocolate place. As a local resident, I had been eying this place for a while and wanted to see how it measured up to the myriad of local korean places near my home in Queens NYC. I was pleasantly surprised by the attention we got (could be because we went on the second day of opening and they wanted to treat us nicely). The food prices are VERY reasonable, and I was surprised that they were not more expensive, given the decor and presentation of the restaurant. 
For people not aware of korean cuisine, the main course sounds very simple on paper, but what you are actually getting is sampler dishes of 8-9 korean appetizers which are included in the purchase. I forgot about this and ordered and appetizer to go with the Beef Bugolgi, which were both delicious. My girlfriend got the bibimbop which was quite nice as well. I would strongly recommend this to anyone looking for a nice korean place you can go with your friends or ur significant other to. (just a friendly reminder, the garlic doesn't do wonders to ur breath lol, but the cinnamon tea that they served for free as a dessert helped counteract some of that). Great job with the opening!The service was pretty bad which is what most of the star rating is based on.  The food was OK but nothing I would pay full price to have again (the lunch special may be a possibility).  The Bibimbap was good but it definitely needed more meat and a bit more seasoning (or at least bring more of the sauce when we ask for it so we can season it ourselves).I decided to take my dad here for dinner, just to check it out. He's a fan of the North Philly Korean restaurants, so I realized I was taking a risk by coming here with him. Should Miga not come through, I would be on the receiving end of the "expensive, not authentic, small portions, no flavor, bastardized, etc etc etc" lecture. It was cold out and I was too lazy to trek to N. Philly. I picked this battle. 
Fortunately for me, Miga delivered just enough to keep me out of trouble. Of course it's expensive comparatively and of course it's not the same, but it's good. We ordered the Dolsot bibimbap, seafood sundabu (sp), and pork bulgogi (my dad can't eat beef). Everything was good. We didn't grill at the table however, possibly as to not disrupt the peace. We were asked if it's ok for them to cook the meat in the back. By all means.... 
While the food isn't mind blowing, all the other factors attributed to my good experience. The service was warm and friendly, the decor was cozy, and the wine was available (you don't get this at the N. Philly places). I would definitely recommend this place, especially if you're a first timer or are introducing a first timer to Korean food.UGH.  Miga is to Korean what P.F. Chang's is to Chinese.  
All packaging, little substance, high price.
I introduced a friend to Korean food here for a pretheater meal, and I had to apologize to her because even she knew the food wasn't that good.  
Bland food.  Disgusting banchan that I could make better.  Japchae was gross, which is beyond me.I completely concur with the view that Miga is the P.F. Chang's of Korean food.  Prices are definitely steep and the portions are small.  Taste-wise, it is just okay.  We got the BBQ shrimp, bulgogi, spicy pork, and ribs, along with a dolsot bibimbap.  The shrimp was cooked in the kitchen and although, decent, it was on the bland side.  The bulgogi was also flavor deprived.  I did not get a chance to try the spicy pork but it did not look as tender as it should have been; it was also cooked in the kitchen despite the statement that you would get to barbeque at the table if you order at least 2 BBQ items.  Last time I checked, 4 was greater than 2 but maybe I skipped elementary school arithmetic.  Long term memory loss?  Perhaps I should check into HUP.  The dolsot bibimbap was so so bland!  I almost asked for salt!  The vegetables were tough and there was NO flavor whatsoever.  So disappointing.  
Anyhow, you pay for the atmosphere, I suppose, but our server was very slow and not friendly at all.  The website states that you should get free parking pass with a student ID and 3 entree orders.  Well, they would only give us 2 passes for ten people with the excuse that they have to pay for the parking.  This occured despite the fact that we had called earlier to make the reservations and confirm that we would indeed receive 3 passes. 
If you want flavorful Korean food with friendlier service, head to Young Bin Kwan or Seorabol.Took wife here for Mothers Day, enjoyed the dining experience, the first waitress to approach us was a bit abrasive which she didn't welcome us, just asked if we were ready to order, at that point, we hadnt even order drinks. The 2nd waitress come over after a few minutes, She was the original waitress who sat us, She asked if we had any questions, asked if we had been here before, at which time, I stated no. She was much better then the original waitress and even allowed us to cook the meat at our table due to having our son with us. It was a nice place, Not sure if I'd go again due the pricing and amount of food you get.I wouldn't describe myself as being well-versed in Korean cuisine, but I am definitely a fan of Bibimbop.  I came to Miga on a Friday night with 2 bottles of Cabernet Sauvignon thinking I was going to eat with 2 friends, only to find that the reservation was for 10, much to my surprise.
FIRST IMPRESSIONS:
I was instantly greeted by a smiling hostess who invited me to wait for the rest of my party at the sushi bar.  They do not (yet) have a bar, it's BYOB.  Shortly after, the waiter who was to be serving us that night introduced himself to me, asked if I had any questions, what kinds of wine glasses we would like, and directed me to some entertainment while I waited-- a fishbowl on the sushi bar filled with male crabs fighting to the death (they had nothing better to do).
THE ATMOSPHERE:
Visually, it's pretty modest, but that's a good thing I suppose.  Just the right balance to give it some personality, separating it from lower-end Asian reastaurants, but it doesn't try get too artsy or give off heavy vibes.  The choice of music should be reconsidered, the trance and vocoder-heavy soundtrack comes off tacky and totally doesn't match the setting of the restaurant.
THE FOOD:
Using my experience with the delicious dish known as bibimbop, I felt that Miga's was delicious, definitely in my Top 3 spots for it in Philly.  Served in a hot stone bowl, with a fried egg on a separate plate, the shredded beef was tasty, and I love it when the rice forms a sort of baked crust on the bowl.  I think I would have enjoyed the meal a lot more had I gone with a less dry wine, but that's my own damn fault.  It's also my own fault for drinking entirely too much of that wine.  But I digress, I was admittedly unadventurous with the food, but I really enjoyed what I had.
THE SERVICE:
Delightful.  I must be getting lucky with the service I've been receiving recently.  Our waiter, I believe his name was Young, was very friendly, displayed a sense of humor, and was courteous, even stepping up to pay for one girl in our party's entree when it came out of the kitchen a bit late.  The man who I assume was the owner or manager was also friendly, joking around with us as we were reading the menus.
THE PRICING:
Incredibly reasonable.  I was surprised how much food I got (I couldn't finish my entrée), for so little money.  It's really great to be able to go out and enjoy some international cuisine like this without breaking the bank.
THE BOTTOM LINE:
A great experience, good food, friendly service, I don't eat much Korean, but I would definitely go back to Miga, and I would definitely recommend it for people seeking tasty, reasonably-priced Korean food in a relaxed setting.One of the slowest service around. Food is average for my native Korean taste buds; few of the all time staples are decent but almost all of the more exotic or expensive items don't live upto their potential. Overall, you will shell out more than you'd like for food that won't wow you and make sure you don't make any plans following the meal cuz you'll be there awhile. But if you are in a pinch and
must satiate your appetite for Korean food then you can do worse.Decent sushi. Paid $24 for a california roll, spicy tuna roll, and salmon roll. I've definitely had fresher sushi, but the rolls were decent over all. I definitely found it expensive. 
Slow service. Will come back and try the korean food.I came here with a friend on a Friday evening after work to see for ourselves what this new Korean restaurant was all about.  Our immediate impression upon entering was that an extremely tall blonde woman was not who we'd expect to be greeting us at a Korean restaurant.  Perhaps the equivalent cognitive dissonance would be walking into a Mexican restaurant and finding a Chinese midget as the greeter.  Or stepping into a Chinese restaurant and finding E.T. (yes, the Extra Terrestrial) greeting you with a friendly "nee how."
After Sheryl Swoopes' white counterpart sat us, we were soon greeted by our server.  An eager to please young woman, she had to break the unfortunate news to us that they still haven't received their liquor license ("any day now, though") nor did they have any barley tea.  There is a bar area, but without the ability to serve alcohol, it's about as useful as a child's Playskool kitchen set.  Seriously,  a Korean restaurant without a liquor license is like Sizzler without cheese toast.
My friend got the bi-bim-naengmyun and I got the regular naengmyun.  Both were tasty and priced fairly, but the noodles were just a tad bit too chewy.
Nice decor, convenient location, hit-or-miss service.Ok so I came here to eat the other night and wasn't sure what to expect. after reading reviews here and watching them fluctuate i was hoping we were coming in on a good night. i had heard from a buddy of mine that frequently visits Miga that they had gone through changes in their kitchen staff. with that said i think at this point they must have it right. the food was absolutely delicious. our waiter was really friendly and answered all our questions very thoroughly. since we wanted bbq he recommended the galbi (korean short ribs off the bone yum) and pork bulgogi for a little spice. my girlfriend ordered sundubu which is a spicy soft tofu soup. i tried that with skepticism since im not a huge fan of tofu but it was also really tasty. all in all i think we enjoyed ourselves very much. the food and service was great as well as the very generous portions. really not that bad on the wallet either. i will definitely be back...i was told that a new menu will be introduced in the near future so im looking forward to some new goodies.Had dinner here recently. Ordered the Galbi to bbq at the table - simply delicious. Though a tad more expensive than other Korean restaurants in Philly, the quality of the meat is so worth it. 
Service was excellent - attentive and nice fellows!I was in the mood for Korean food and needed to meet up with a friend downtown, so we decided to try Miga, a fairly newish Korean restaurant in Center City. We had to wait briefly for a table, and then were taken to a semi-private room off of a raucous main room. In another situation I might have felt exiled, but we had a lot of catching up to do and the private room was nice. We started with vegetable vegetable tempura, presented in a tall fried vegetable tower of a thicker-than-average cut. I especially love the zucchini tempura. 
Before our main course arrived, the waiter brought this amazing selection of pickles. I'm still thinking about the hot pickled garlic scapes. mmmm. I know I should get more creative, but I had a craving for Bim Bim Bop, and so that's what I ordered, in a steaming bowl. The soft fried egg arrived on the side, with chili sauce, which I promptly dumped all over everything. I loved the mushrooms, and such pickles with each different bite.
Miga is not BYOB, and more expensive that some other Korean restaurants in the neighborhood with similar food quality. But if you'd like to be waited on and feel a little fancier, give it a try.I search out Korean joints wherever I can and I love love love a good bibimbap. Was excited to tried this place after I'd read about it here so me and the boyfriend went there this past weekend for lunch. The ambience was pretty and the service was good. However... I'm sad to say we've had better Korean fare elsewhere. Their seafood bibimbap was too soggy and didn't have that OOMPH that I was hoping for. The 10 appetizers were good but nothing to write home about. My mackerel was.. eh.. just that.. mackerel. I really was hoping that this would be a place I would want to come back to because it's so convenient near Rittenhouse and its got great atmosphere. Sadly, it's not to be. Hopefully they amp up their flavors and then I'll give it another go.I took my mom to Miga last night.  She ordered the seafood dol-sot bibimbap, and I had the vegetarian bibimbap.  Both dishes were good (hers better) but I was so turned off by the service that I had to update my yelp review.  I believe our being Korean worked against us last night, because the Americans seated next to us received top notch service, but my mom and I were blatantly ignored.  The hostess walked over to the American's table to see how the food tasted, 2 different servers went to their table to fill their water, and toward the end of their meal yet another server walked over to see how their experience was.  To the contrary, my server came to our table towards the end of the meal to see how thing were going, then I had to ask 3 different servers for the check, and waited about 10 -15 mins for it!  I was tempted to go to the hostess to pay, but wanted to see how long I would be kept waiting.  I could not believe the different level of service provided to two different types of people.  
Miga, how dare you!  As a Korean American I wanted to support you, and I wanted to continue to support you.  After this experience however, I will go elsewhere.  I refuse to be treated less than Americans at a Korean restaurant.  I will no longer recommend your business to other Asian Americans.I'm not from Korea, and I certainly don't know what 'real korean food' is supposed to taste like.  I did like what I had here though.  They brought out the little dishes of appetizers at first along with miso soup, which were all pretty cool.  Then I got the vegetable/tofu bowl with the fried egg.  I feel like very place does it slightly differently, and I liked the way they did it here.  The sauce that came with it went great with everything.  Usually I can only have a little bit of it because it's so spicy, but this one was totally manageable, so I could eat as much as I wanted.  The waiter was really pleasant and patient, and after we finished our food he brought out this tasty cinnamon tea that he said would improve our digestion.I love MIGA. I have tried several Korean restaurant before, but this one so far is my most favorite.
First, they serve you with several small dishes, like a basket of bread you can get at italian/french/greek restaurants, but much much better. They change the dishes, too, so you can have different kind of dishes each time you go to this place. And, they are free, no one can complain for that.
My favorite Korean food is always Bibimbap, and I love theirs. But last time I wanted to try something different, so I tried a soup with korean dumplings and rice cake. It was really really good! Soup got the great flavors and the dumplings were amazing.
If I am leaving Philly, this is the one place I would miss so much.