I've been a huge fan of Mike's Pizza for awhile , about 6 years actually.  Everything from the extremely friendly service (Lou is the man), to the fresh variety of pies they always have out on display even if its 3am, and their willingness to pretty much make anything you want when asked to.
The slices are nice and cheesy with a crust that falls in between the thin and thick category.  All of the toppings are delicious and always taste fresh; I hate when I order a slice with crusty toppings that taste like they have been drying out all day (especially likely when its after 12am).  This is a solid late night choice for quality pizza in the Philly area that knows the customer base they serve are mostly college kids and drunk bar patrons, and they serve them extremely well.  
I know there are better choices for pizza out there, but I haven't found any that satisfy those late night cravings.  Also, if you have some friends with you, they'll make a fresh pie in less than 10 minutes.... how could you pass that up when the drunk munchies are eating away at your stomach lining?Mikes you did it again. Another great night ending with your crazy pizza concoctions. If you're in the manayunk area and need some late night food mikes is where it's at. Sooo much better than that bitch ass bitch place eddies that went out of business.  You suck Eddie!So, I like Mike's pizza quite a bit.  The issue I have is that they are closed all the time during the week when their menu explicitly says they should be open.  I have called numerous times repeatedly during "business hours" to get no answer.  They need to get their shit together if they want to keep their customers.Seriously great place. Pizza is good, delivery is fast & everyone is super nice!I ordered food around 1:45 am and was expecting it to be here at 3:20 am (I was tempted to call and cancel). But my food ended up coming earlier and was hot. The wings were so good! Will definitely order from here againHad the chicken bacon ranch pizza - not even knowing that was their big hit here. It was pretty good - however - the Hawaiian was below average. Really thin, soggy, not much flavor .. Granted I was sober hence my judgement. If I were drunk, like everyone else visiting this place I probably would have enjoyed it more. Inside is pretty grungy too ... Just a post-bar drunk pizza spot.I was in Mikes so called Pizza this past weekend, I had there pizza and it tastes as hard as a Taco with no taste and got sick from it!We ordered a Margherita pizza after midnight and had it delivered to our hotel. The medium was huge and way bigger than we expected. The pizza was delicious! It was still warm and we really enjoyed it. It hit the spot! The delivery driver had a hard time finding us at first, but we got it worked out. Great pizza, & open super late!This is good enough pizza when you're drunk or late night when nowhere else is open. I wouldn't go here for dinner or order it otherwise, though.Got a slice at 1am and it was one of the best slices I've ever had. Highly recommendedA really solid late night pizza spot.  I was happy with what I ordered.  Ham calzone with mozzarella and ricotta cheese was really really good.  I will go back for that alone.  The margarita was just Ok.I just ate cheese fried pizza and some buffalo pizza. Hands down the best way to say happy birthday. Don't feel guilty like eating that bitch ass bitch eddies grilled cheese. This pizza is worth the walk. I'm one eyeing this review with perfect grammar. So go get you some mikes pizza!Pulled up in a mini van full of 30 somethings. Half of us were still in the car when our slices were ready. Exactly what you want when you're craving a NY slice: Quick,  fat slices, with plastic tables and chairs outside. Let's get down and dirty.I'm going a notch above my benchmark and giving this place four stars solely based on the one slice of pizza I tasted from there.  First off it was massive which was a plus and $3 even.  Now I never see people in this place (during the day) but judging by the reviews it makes it's buck when the bars let out at 2am.  My review however takes place at 2pm.  This is a cash only establishment.  The slice itself was decisions packed with cheese the way pizza should be.   I had to fold the slice over because it was so massive in order to eat it without it flopping down and having the cheese spill off.  Now the structural integrity of the dough was weak as it was thin but it made for a great pounded thin New York slice.  Sauce was not merely crushed tomatoes but had its own salty Italian seasoned characteristics.  This slice holds up to a sober individual as well as someone who may be intoxicated.Don't see why the reviews are so low here but I personally really like the pizza here. It's my favorite pizza place that is a not a chain. The serving sizes here are pretty big, the medium is like a large and the large is like an extra large. I guess because of their larger pizza size the prices are a tad higher. Every time I've came, I got the mushroom pizza. I think they put a pretty good amount of mushrooms on my pizza.
The thing about their pizza I really enjoy is that, it has this subtle sweet taste to it. It's not like added sugar or anything but it really makes a difference to me and I enjoy the pizza so much more. I think the sweet taste comes from the tomato sauce they use? It's this really small taste that  I think most people wouldn't notice. I will definitely be coming back to this place. I like how you get a free can of soda when you check in here!First... they have got the best pizza in Philly. Period.
Second... if you ordered anything else besides pizza from Mikes and are writing poor reviews on here... please get off Yelp. You are hurting their business with stupidity. This is a pizza joint. If you are going to order a SALAD and chicken fingers for delivery and then give them one star because they didn't give a rats butt about your order... seriously? A salad and chicken fingers from a pizza joint... AND probably a confusing address for delivery...I ordered online. Took about half an hour. The food was prepared and piping hot when it came. It was made to specifics. The cheeseburger was yum. Their chicken tender platter was amazing for the price.
I will definitely order again when I'm in town next time. Definitely recommend when visiting.Contrary to the belief of to the two reviews thus far, Mike's does not offer the best pizza on earth.  While I agree the staff is typically friendly and forced to put up with the drunk mess of late night Main Street, their pizza misses the mark.  Being open late is their saving grace, as is their location directly across from Brew Pub and Mad River.  If you need something to absorb the nights drinking, Mike's will do.  Else wise, I remember you avoid.DO NOT try to call and order late night. All they do is put you on hold and never pick the phone back up! All you hear is the people in the background, in the store, ordering.  Extremely frustrating!!!!!! Get it together!Mike's pizza is a late-night staple for Manayunk. 
You can consistently get a good slice, and they usually have quite a few pizza options (unlike most late-night spots that limit to just cheese and pepperoni).
The staff is super nice and friendly. However, this place gets packed at 2am when the bars close.
Small seating area inside.Haven't had the food yet because I haven't gotten it! I ordered over two hours ago... Called an hour in, said they'd be here in 10 min. 50 min later............... No food. I ordered from here because I've had their pizza and it was amazing.. I DONT think I'll be going here again just for this reason.So me and my husband never had ordered from here before and believe me we never will again. When I called I had to repeat my address four times and spell it out twice. I still got three phone calls and the delivery driver had to text me in order to finally get my address right.
 We ordered two orders of chicken fingers, a caesar salad and the mega fries. The Caesar salad was romaine and croutons with a side of obviously bought in Caesar dressing. The fries were undercooked and the bacon that topped it fatty... 
But the real kicked was the RAW chicken fingers. As soon as the delivery dropped it off, we called in and let them know. It took over an hour to get a new order. The chicken fingers that arrived the second time were good, but serving anyone raw chicken is inexcusable.
Just an update to the idiot below me... A pizza place should also be able to come up with good chicken fingers and a decent salad.
.I ordered food from here and was charged. The food never came and when I called to complain they told me there was nothing they could do!! Totally unprofessional and I will NEVER order from here again.Really good chicken bacon ranch pizza! And they have cheese fry pizza which is always a plus! Service and food has definitely improved recently. More expensive than most but it's worth it.  They also have amazing pizza fries!!Definitely the best slice in Manayunk. Great late night. Fast and friendly.Shocked SHOCKED to discover that this place does not have a cult following on Yelp.  My plain cheese slice was the perfect blend of crispy base and gooey topping, passing with flying colors the ultimate pizza test of being able to be held without either flopping or cutting the inside of my mouth.
The line was a little long and crammed with belligerent college students, but moved very quickly.  Happy to find they take credit cards with a $10 minimum.  Friendly staff, too.I only order my plain pizzas from here! They have quick delivery service and the people who deliver are always friendly! Thanks for the bomb pizza :)JJ and I visited Mike's on a night when we were both craving a big slice of cheese pizza. We walked over, ordered our slices, and I was pleased to see that they were indeed quite large. The pizza was exactly what were both looking for--NY style, large slices, and otherwise your typical take-out pizza. Our pieces were $7 total (cash-only), and JJ got a free soda because he checked in on Yelp. The interaction with the staff was minimal, but they were fast to serve us our slices before we headed to the back for some seats.
I haven't tried delivery yet, so I can't comment on whether the pizza is able to make it to my house or not. However, if you are already on Main Street, this is a good choice for some drunk pizza.It's been a year from my last review of Mike's and it has grown to hold a special place in my heart, so much so that when it closed temporarily for renovations a few months ago, I had a minor existential crisis thinking it had closed permanently. The renovations freshened up the place and gave the order counter a better organization.
JJ and I stop by or order delivery regularly--usually a plain pie, but occasionally we add in sausage too. Mike's is consistently good and a slice includes a thick, gooey layer of cheese, tangy sauce, and a crust that is chewy but not too hefty. Prices are still reasonable, and it does accept credit (even though it doesn't give off that vibe).Mike's pizza is f**cking delicious and anyone who rates lower is simply wrong. The crust -- amazing -- the price -- $3 for a big a** slice -- the ambience vibes and staff -- yes. Y'all gotta know. This the spot after going out in Manayujk on main st. YesThey have great pizza, I  cannot lie! But today I seen something that may make me not return, two issues. First  the  guy on register was ringing and grabbing slices for  customers without using gloves! That was very unsanitary and as an establishment they should know better!!  
My second issue is, how are you going to offer customers a free item and when I go to present the offer tell me it's not valid, they spoke very little English so I'm not sure if they understood or even knew about the offer. Either way I was unable to redeem it.Horrible Delivery service! Placed an order for a pizza. Waited 1 hour 30 minutes spent $24 to get a cold pizza. When I called the guy said he'd give us discount on the next order. I asked for a hot pizza instead. He said we have too many orders to send out another. I asked for my money back. He said he wanted the pizza back. He never showed with the money. Awful business practices. Reporting to the better business Bureau and health department.I asked for a medium well pizza burger, and it was over cooked, barely any sauce, and the cheese looked like it was gooped on. The only redeeming item were the onion rings. I really wanted to like this place because it was open when I needed food at the last minute, and I felt horrible for ordering just before they closed..but it was as if they didn't pay attention to the cooking itself. Unfortunately very disappointed :( hopefully whomever reads this' experience is way better than mine.I would rate 0 stars if possible. Waited over 2.5 hours for my delivery order. Called twice giving my delivery location and was told both times my order was out for delivery. I never received and the place closed. Complete waste.Literally the worst place ever. Flies everywhere. Drunk college crowd is the norm. Grub hub orders get made over waiting customers. Staff doesn't care about complaints. Watched a cook cough into his hands while making food without stopping. Never going back there again.I ordered 3 slices of pizza for $3 each. I gave $15 expecting to get ones back to tip. Cashier acts as if I never gave her an extra $5. Then she pretended to act is if she did not speak the English language well as I confronted her about it.We had a great cheese whiz with fries pizza yesterday night. The crust was so crunchy. The slice held its shape. 
We went back the next day which was today. Pizza wasn't the same. Maybe the next time we will have a crispy crust again.The pizza was very good.....the fact that I had to sit with my coworker as the older blond chick bebind the counter talked about me in spanish to the  others behind the counter...no bueno dude!  I just wanted to leave that place and never enter it agaian and I NEVER will!.....THIS IS THE WORST PLACE IN THE WORLD. I waited over two hours for my pizza and then went to call and complain and they CONTINUOUSLY hung up when I tried to call to see if they were coming soon to cancel my order or not. ZERO STARS. NOT WORTH IT.Mikes....What a disappointment , not just like oh my wings were boiled instead of fried disappointed , but like the kind of disappointed you get when your son doesn't make it back from Iraq. For the record yes they boil their wings to insure the chewiest bite they can trick you into eating. The pizza was so soft and covered in flour it was almost inedible. I didn't order this pizza rare so they should have cooked it for more than the time it took for them to microwave their hot pockets I'm sure they feed their kids for dinner. How can you look yourself in the mirror and call yourself an owner of a pizzeria. They didn't even put the pepperoni on the pizza and when I called they offered to bring some pepperoni and 3 dollars cash back to my door step so I could put it on myself . It was at this point of the night that this was no longer about pizza this was personal. Mike (if that is your real name) your pizza is a joke, you probably have your 8 year old kid working the counter and turning the pizzas for you because if you run your business like you do your food I can only assume you're doing something illegal and disgusting. Eating your pizza was the food equivalent  of the trail of tears. The mozzarella sticks weren't bad though.Pizza itself was decent, but don't call it "meat lover's pizza" if there isn't a generous helping of meat. There was a sprinkling of meat.
If you're a meat lover, don't bother with this place. If you are someone who likes a large piece of pizza with 1.5 pieces of pepperoni on it, then go for it.The absolute best place for drunk pizza on main street. They gauge you on price after hours, but the slices are boardwalk size and they're fresh, not the leftovers from the day as you might expect. Also a good choice for delivery.Tonight was our first time ordering here....and our last. It's a Sunday night,  they tell us half hour for delivery.  It took an hour and ten minutes.  And the guy could hardly speak English let alone understand what street we live on. The food was very greasy. The prices are some what reasonable. But I've had better food elsewhere.Ordered a buffalo sandwich and garlic knots at 11:40 pm with a delivery time of 45 minutes 1 mile away. I waited almost 2 hours with no call or word from mikes. I called 10 times to try and get an update with one answer one the 10th call saying that my driver was 5 minutes away without even telling the person on the phone what my order was (amazing!) It has now been 34 minutes since that phone call and the delivery finally arrived. Not impressed.So my friend went through the trouble of following their account and posting a photo to get a free t shirt and they said that it was not a thing and that  we were making it up? Meanwhile this poster is up right next to where you order pizza. Honestly rude and the pizza is dry and terrible. Go anywhere else. The only reason they are in business is because Mad River Manayunk is across the street. One bathroom is "closed" and then the other "for customers" and has a sign on it that says "closed" yet the employees use it freely? Interesting. Not a good pizza place, doesn't taste good even when you are drunk. Go anywhere else. Walk a little farther, Manayunk has a lot more to offer than this place.So me and my husband never had ordered from here before and believe me we never will again. When I called I had to repeat my address four times and spell it out twice. I still got three phone calls and the delivery driver had to text me in order to finally get my address right.
 We ordered two orders of chicken fingers, a caesar salad and the mega fries. The Caesar salad was romaine and croutons with a side of obviously bought in Caesar dressing. The fries were undercooked and the bacon that topped it fatty... 
But the real kicked was the RAW chicken fingers. As soon as the delivery dropped it off, we called in and let them know. It took over an hour to get a new order. The chicken fingers that arrived the second time were good, but serving anyone raw chicken is inexcusable.
Just an update to the idiot below me... A pizza place should also be able to come up with good chicken fingers and a decent salad.
.
Update: Someone from Mikes contacted me and told me that their chicken fingers are pre cooked. Please look at the picture and tell me that's not raw?!?Worst place I've ever been. Bad hospitality and will not admit to faults. Not costumer friendly and worried about their business. When asked to speak to manager I was completely denied and manipulated to end my order in total. I was one the phone with the most inappropriate "girl" who was more worried about business .I'd give it a zero if I could. Ordered at 11pm. They NEVER delivered my order, because they suddenly decided it was too far to deliver, even though I ordered via GrubHub and they had delivered to me before. When I called, there was no one available who could speak even broken English, and she just kept saying no and eventually hung up on me. To hell with this place, they deserve no money, no respect, and no business from me or anyone else. By the time I got this nonsense worked out, every other restaurant in my area had closed. Mike's Crappy Pizza left me hungry. 
Worst of all? They had no problem taking my money. They didn't cancel the order. I had to get the charge reversed by GrubHub.Very dissapointed with my order from this place. I chose it because it was the only pizza place open past 11PM. The pizza was $21 and was disgusting. It was super thin and burnt and barely had any toppings on it. I would have been disappointed if I paid $10 for this crappy pizza.Great place to get pizza especially late hours when everything else is closed. Pizzas are delicious and fresh and delivery is always super quick. Customer service is great whether in person/on the phone.Ordered off of Grubhub around 12am, left my phone to charge. Around 2/2:30am, I went upstairs to call and see where my food was and no answer, twice. At this point, i went to bed to handle it in the morning after the fact that they charged my credit card. When i called today(day after), I'm being told i cannot get my money back and they knocked, then they proceeded to ask me if i live next to an ice cream parlor, which i don't.. here that's where the delivery driver went and knocked. When i asked for the manager,(because i called twice, the second time the person that answers the phone told me i couldn't get my money back because "they needed the money from the food that they cooked")the person on the phone told me the manager comes in at 7 so the second time i called (at 7), they again told me the manager wasn't in and will be in by 9. Honestly sounds to me that this place doesn't care about their customers.The pizza was okay, but they're not accommodating at all to customer requests- even when they're paid for. I recently ordered a large pie with sausage and "Italian tomatoes", and a request for extra sauce.  You would think these requests would be easy considering it's a pizza place and I paid $2.50 for each topping!  However, when I received the pie there was hardly any sauce or tomatoes- again I paid $2.50 for them. In grand total there was probably half of a tomato on the vine on my pie. I clearly wanted a lot of tomato and they did anything but deliver for that paid request.Would leave zero stars if possible. Called and ordered a large pizza and cheese fries and was charged $50. After noticing the charge right away we called back to find out why the price was so high.
They told us we ordered a cheese fry pie (is that even a thing?) and that's why the order was so expensive. After explaining 5 times that we didn't want a cheese fry pie just an order of cheese fries we were told we would be issued a refund.
Several days passed with no refund and when I called to follow up, an employee told me that no refund would be issued and that I could not speak to a manager. If I wanted to speak to someone I would need to come into the store. 
Awful pizza and even worse service. Avoid at all costs!This place is such a rip off they use their location to lure people after the bars and charge and arm and a leg for a slice of pizza
Pizza is alright but definitely not worth the price. 
2am this place is packed with drunk people.Awful service. Waited hours for delivery only for them to tell me their driver isn't in and they hang up on me.Haven't had the food yet because I haven't gotten it! I ordered over two hours ago... Called an hour in, said they'd be here in 10 min. 50 min later............... No food. I ordered from here because I've had their pizza and it was amazing.. I DONT think I'll be going here again just for this reason. 
***officially never ordering again. Ever.. An hour and 15 min later for delivery....***It's not often I rate anyone a 1 star. However, their employees don't care at all about their customers.  Their "management" may claim differently, but in all honesty, you're better off driving elsewhere.  I lived in Manayunk for over 3 years, and I've tried to be  unbiased, but if you want great service and great food your best off calling Zestos on Ridge Avenue. LlDO NOT DO IT!!! Took over 3 hours to get food I finally had to call to cancel because I was not waiting any longer. had to call 10x to get ahold of someone who told me ten minutes....an hour later nothing. We had placed a large order to. Seriously not worth it order somewhere else this is the worst place of all time.Awful, go to L'Angolo. This place's lights never stop flashing and they yell at customersCalled in an order for a large pie for pick up.  I was told 15-20 mins.  Showed up at the twenty min mark.  They told me it would be ready in a minute as I hear them call back to start making the pizza.  Never again.There are few restaurants that have angered me enough to post a one star review, but this poor excuse for a pizza delivery service has warranted the following scathing retort.
Pizza delivery has one primary purpose: to deliver my goddamn pizza. How this place managed to completely fail is beyond reason...
We placed our order at 6:25 for delivery of three pizzas and were told they would arrive shortly. As we are located on Rector street within walking distance we assumed they would not only deliver at a reasonable time, but also that they would know the whereabouts of the largest church in the area which is visible from their pizza place.
With that being said, 45 minutes later 20 people were hungry and annoyed. The manager(?) assured us the delivery driver was 2 minutes away. 30 minutes later I called again. Not only did he seem mystified by my annoyance he also said they would "be right there" and claimed our location wasn't close by. 
In conclusion, 20 people are still hungry and not one person will be ordering from this negligent establishment in the future.Absolutely terrible. I had to explain to the idiot driver how to find my place...after making me wait outside for 15 minutes for him after calling me. Not only that, a salad and garlic bread took TWO HOURS!!!! Never again.Ordered last night via yelp eat24.
Ordered a margarita with mushrooms and olives and got a white sauce with tomatoes.....ONE HOUR later.
I didn't call because I was hungry..., the pizza was ok, but very dissapointed with a cold pizza and don't know how they could change the order to something else..., or maybe they just sent me a cold pizza that was laying around.Make sure you don't order from this place they do not deliver and it's a bunch of fraudulent stuff going on with their staff taking customers card info wouldn't order from hereSo me and my husband never had ordered from here before and believe me we never will again. When I called I had to repeat my address four times and spell it out twice. I still got three phone calls and the delivery driver had to text me in order to finally get my address right.
 We ordered two orders of chicken fingers, a caesar salad and the mega fries. The Caesar salad was romaine and croutons with a side of obviously bought in Caesar dressing. The fries were undercooked and the bacon that topped it fatty... 
But the real kicked was the RAW chicken fingers. As soon as the delivery dropped it off, we called in and let them know. It took over an hour to get a new order. The chicken fingers that arrived the second time were good, but serving anyone raw chicken is inexcusable.
-----
Edit^to the guy above me. Where else do you order chicken fingers from? It's pretty much a staple at pizza places? Raw chicken deserves a 1 star review. Why are you upset that I called this place on bad food? Do you work there?If I could give 0 I would. The worker refused to discuss his own mistake with me. I ordered a margherita pizza (tomatoes, basil, mozzarella, and olive oil), but got a white pizza with tomatoes. I proceeded to call the shop, where who I perceived to be the owner picked up. He told me that the margherita pizza only has tomatoes and cheese on it and if I wanted extra toppings I should've requested it. He then proceeded to hang up on me when he realized a $17 refund was the correct outcome. He also would not answer any of my calls after this. I'm sure the owner will comment that he "hopes we can make the next time better", as he has responded to every other low review, but unfortunately this is not how he truly feels, as was evident through our conversation. Never go here!Meh. The pizza was ok, nothing special about it. This experience, the pizza was dry with little to no sauce. 
However, it looks like it's a go to place for food late at night. I'm sure many people appreciate this place because the hours they are open. Frankly, I would only come here for convenience in the future.
I would like to see this place offer something special that makes them stand out a bit more.Yikes.
I ordered delivery from here last night (the tequila made me do it). 
I ordered a plain pizza and wings. Most pizza place wings arent terrible, but these were....
They tasted like they were baked and they werent crispy at all. They also barely had any sauce on them. I barely ate any of them. Im half tempted to throw them out. 
The pizza was meh...It wasnt very cheesy. I like my pizza to be floppy. You know, hold the slice with 2 hands or itll sag type. 
Ill never order from here again.Mikes pizzeria is my favorite place, I go there once a week however today 9/3/202 at 6:00pm I went there with my family, did not recognize any of the waitresses or the cooks. The waitress was ok but all the food was over cooked or burnt. Mikes pizzeria is not cheep but worth it, but it was not worth it today. Please bring back the waitresses and the cooks.