Great place. You order at the counter and then get a seat, if one's available. You can't claim a seat before ordering. Got two specials: the divorced eggs and tres leches pancakes. The eggs were very good and the pancakes were great. Portions are generous. They take LevelUp.They had a "Caribbean pulled pork sandwich" as a special, and my goodness, it was heavenly. I've been here four times now, and I haven't been disappointed once! It's always delicious, and the service is fantastic (at least while I've been here at 2pm or later).
The pulled pork must've been a lunch special because they put out a different specials menu after 5pm. I asked about it (after seeing it on their Instagram), and the cashier asked the chef if he could still make one (which he did). I can't think of many places that would do this. I'd usually be told it's not available. I always tip a little extra here despite there not technically being waiters.
I've only had lunch and dinner here, and the portions are very generous for the price (and they have free water). I'll continue to return.I found this place last minute because the place I wanted to go to was closed on Mondays. I mostly picked this place because they have alot of avocados on the menu. This is such a cute place, well decorated and made it feel like you were home. The service was excellent. The cashier and the waiter was super nice and friendly and was very attentive!
So you walk in the door, and you walk to the counter, order your food and then they will give you a number. You get to pick your own seat and they will bring your food to you! There is a big board with the menu in the front for you to look at.
I had the avocado blt with a side of fries. OMG the sandwich was HUGE! I paid 14$ and it was so worth it, I could only eat a small half. The bread was delicious! The bacon was cooked a little too much, so it was hard and it was hard to bite into the sandwich, but it could also be that I couldn't fit the whole thing in my mouth anyway. The avocado was really good, it was like not mushy like alot of places. 
My friend had a hot chocolate and miles burger. She finished the whole thing. She liked it. She even said that it wasn't greasy than it looked. (Might just be how the bread looks). 
I'd totally go back here. In fact, I'm bringing my boyfriend back. :)Me and my friends have come here a couple times for brunch when the wait at Honey's is too long and we might just start coming here right away from now on. Good food and great service and atmosphere. Reasonable prices and if you get there 10-10:30 usually no wait at all on weekends!went here today for brunch and have nothing but good things to say. Everyone in our group loved their food and the owner went the extra mile to make sure we enjoyed our meal. Place gets much more crowded by 11 am. Larger groups should go before then as it's a pretty small place.Got the shrimp and grits - loved it! Really cool combination with the guac on the side. Cool place, reasonable prices. Can be quite noisy at times but all in all, good as a brunch placeA solid option for breakfast, sandwiches, or a light meal. They also have GF options, thank you! But the service always feels a bit short-staffed.One of my new favourite eateries!
Miles is the perfect place to go anytime of the day.  Breakfast? Lunch? Dinner? Snack? Consistently delicious and fresh every time with a fantastic, health conscious menu.  The interior is cute, servings are huge, and the prices are great-- definitely a good place to have a casual meal with friends.  Bonus points for being a BYO and next door to MAGPIE.Came here for Sunday brunch and loved the ambience - it was a cute space with a nice interior. You grab a table and go up to order at the cashier. A lot of great options for lovers of both sweet and savory brunch. 
Had the creme brûlée French toast with fresh berries on top. It was delicious and not too sweet, topped w powdered sugar and a fresh whipped cream as well as a side of syrup. 
Also tried the Mexican breakfast burrito which was jam packed with sausage, cheese, beans, peppers, and all sorts of yum. 
Overall lovely atmosphere and great food!Now I've only been to Miles Table for brunch, but I have been twice! The great thing about Miles Table is the casual atmosphere and the delicious food. You order at the counter, they give you a number and then you are free to post up anywhere. Both times I've gotten lucky and I've been able to eat outside. They have three tables outside that are perfectly shaded by a tree. Perfect for brunch! *** ALSO NOTE IT IS BYOB***
The first time I went I had the bagel and lox. I feel like this is a staple and it was good here. I enjoyed it though it didn't blow me away. Then again, I think it's pretty hard to take such a basic and really blow people away.... HOWEVER....
The second time I had the huevos rancheros and WHOA. It blew me away. The meal looked like a masterpiece and the portion was huge. It was phenomenal! It was almost too pretty to eat! (Ah who am I kidding I was so enticed that I didn't even have time to snap a picture before my fork was in it). It did not disappoint and I would certainly suggest it to any friends who make the stop to Miles Table!My friend and I enjoyed a fantastic meal at Miles Table and I can't wait to return! Given that it was half-price-burger-day, I felt the need to give the falafel burger a shot. It was delicious! I'm not always a falafel fan, but this "burger" was awesome. The brioche bun was the perfect consistency and the portion of fries was plentiful. My friend enjoyed the cobb salad (though she requested balsamic dressing instead of buttermilk and she received buttermilk). The restaurant is quaint and has ample seating. While you order at the counter, our "server" (I believe her name was Sarah) was fantastic and made sure we had everything we needed. Overall, this is a great spot and I will be back soon...I may have to make it a weekly lunch staple!Great food and the staff were very kind.  The only reason it was not a 5 star experience was due to having to go to the counter to get additional coffee.  The hash was phenomenal and tasted so fresh with the Brussels sprouts, shrimp, sunny side up eggs, and chorizo.  This was one of the best tasting breakfasts I have had in some time, and coming from dc where everyone is a brunch expert means a lot!I've been here twice, and I'm a fan with plans to return. The egg and avocado on toast was delicious, as was the omelet I had yesterday. They have good espresso and (relatively) freshly squeezed orange and grapefruit juices. Service is friendly, accommodating, and reasonably fast. On a nice Sunday, sitting outside on the sidewalk is surprisingly peaceful, even though it's right on South Street. 
I'd give five stars if they offered a few vegan options; then it would be truly perfect.Food was excellent. Shrimp and grits, Huevos, waffle all fantastic. They serve LaColombe coffee, absolute  best in my opinion.Great place for a casual brunch or lunch.
Ordering is cafeteria style: you order at the counter, pay, and they bring your food to the table. I love this, since you'll never be finished and waste time waiting for the check, on figuring out who owes what, for a waiter to collect your cash and cards, and wait for slips to sign. Also, if you're unfortunate to be friends with heathens who never put in their fair share of the bill, you're not stuck forking over extra to cover them (if you still do, either drop them or get some friends together for an intervention or something.)
Even though ordering is cafeteria style, service doesn't end the moment they drop your plate off at your table. My water was always full and I never had to longingly stare at a waiter to get their attention. Staff were friendly and casual, but still professional.
I've only been here once, so the only thing I've tried was the falafel burger. Once I breached the crisp crust of the falafel, there was a flavor explosion in my mouth. It was great, reasonably portion, and well priced. My friends were satisfied with their food, too.
I'll be coming back to try other dishes and I'll bring more people, so I can sample their food, too.I go here for lunch a few times a month. Their Wednesday burger deal (half price) is amazing. The burger is perfect! They have a great variety of specials and their normal menu is all very good. Some favorites are the turkey guacamole club, the burger of course, the Kennett square pizza, omelettes, and the Cobb salad.Really great breakfast spot, especially because they serve breakfast till 5pm! At Miles Table, you order at the counter and pick a spot to sit. All of the dishes are reasonably priced and enticing, though potentially nap-inducing as well. 
The sriracha turkey sausage might be my new favorite thing. It's almost like a hamburger patty, but is crispier, more savory, and has a hint of sriracha in every bite. It's a must. The home fries on their own are pretty good, and they have a chipotle mayo-like sauce that goes really well with them. The eggs and multigrain toast that completed my dish were also enjoyable. I'd be surprised if anyone left here not having had a pleasant meal.Modern look, cozy feeling, parking on the street. 
I enjoyed my brunch at this place. Food was fresh, tasty and not too overly creative. Portions are quite generous.
Gluten Free & Vegetarian friendly!!! 
They offer bread and buns that are gluten free, as well vegan protein substitutes.So the food here is awesome! This is a tremendous place for brunch/lunch. The food is creative and puts a fun spin on brunch food. I had the divorced eggs a few times and think this is a really tasty dish. Its set up so that you pay for your food at the counter, but you sit at a table and it has the ambiance of a busy restaurant. The outdoor seating is nice in the summer. It can get a little busy/loud on Saturdays.the service and food at miles table is great.  there is no waitress service, but that keeps the bill lower than usual.  the lady at the front counter is always friendly and quaint...service with a smile at this south street joint.
came here with the sissy the other weekend and ordered the smoked fish plate...awesome!!  i will return and recommend highly.At first I was concerned cause there was a small line at the counter and only 1 guy working it.
But he was very efficient and friendly.
We sat outside and he brought us ice water and the food took only about 10 minutes.
The food was great! We had a variety of breakfast meals and an a avocado kale salad.
Will definitely return.Stumbled into here on a sunny weekend morning after playing a round of Yelp roulette with the "near you" feature. What a great find! The food here was hearty, delicious and fresh. I had the sausage and egg brioche - two delicious slabs of hot buttered brioche toast, stacked with sriracha turkey sausage, blue cheese, fried eggs and arugula. It was perfect. 
This may be an odd comment, but it's a shame this place doesn't have a catchier name. It's a bit off the beaten path as it is, and the name is so generic that it doesn't really stick in your head. I kept trying to remember "that place from the other weekend" when talking about it recently.Very affordable and amazing food. I had the ropa vieja and the short rib was so moist and flavorful on recommendation of one of the waiters. My friend's eggplant parm was huge and so good he said. Definitely shareable portions. The empanadas were crispy and Cobb salad was super fresh. The food came out in less than ten minutes piping hot and it was a Stellar and affordable meal!!It's okay.  I've mainly frequented Miles Table on their half-price burger day (Wednesdays).  The falafel burger is pretty tasty and the fries are a-okay.
I can't say I like to come here any other full-priced day, though.  Most of the menu falls into the not-so-good value and I could've made it better at home category. I got an omelette here recently, and it was fairly overcooked and dry. Don't want to sound too harsh, but if I had to sum up the menu, I'd call it, "overpriced hipster".My boyfriend and I shared the chicken and waffles and carnitas benedict. It was delicious! The chicken was lightly breaded and fried to perfection. Crunchy without a thick crust - ideal for the waffle pairing. Overall recommend for a tasty brunch, but get there early. We got there shortly after they opened and by the time we were leaving the place was packed!I sat down for lunch here about a week ago with an old colleague of mine, and it was a really pleasant experience. For a weekday lunch, it was the perfect place to have a conversation and grab a delicious salad. Seriously, their salads are unbeatable. Fresh, huge servings, and great recommendations from the employee helping us. It's a bit of a walk from my workplace but I think it's worth the trek on days when I have a bit of extra time.Such a great experience my friend and I have shared here at Miles Table! The interior, how they decorate this small place, how well organized and friendly the staff is, the food (!!!), everything was outstanding!! Rika ordered Shrimp and Grits. I ordered Tuscan Gnocchi with grill shrimp, and both were excellent. Enough to make you full, and still very light and healthy. My tuscan gnocchi was creamy but not heavy at all. What a gem! Will definitely come back to check out other items on the menuLove this cute, casual, quick & easy spot! You order and pay at the counter, and then the food is brought to your table. Delicious and hearty portion sizes. They also deliver - super convenient. My favorite is the falafel burger; the salads are yummy too. Fun fact: it's also BYOB!Went here for brunch. Absolutely delicious and not too expensive. I had the apricot French toast and would highly recommend it if you have a sweet tooth.Order up front then food is served to you at the table. Beautiful, clean, and modern looking restaurant. Wide assortment of burgers, burritos and brunch food. Very generous portions. Had the guapo burrito. Normally hate beans but their black bean sauce is so savory and delicious. Loaded with egg and chorizo, and served wet. Great experience.love
Love this place. Not very big but cozy, clean and bright.
Turkey club is huge and my friend's  burger is perfectly cooked. Unbeatable price for the quality of food. I will check it out again in weekends . I do want to try Brunch menu next time!! 5 stars!I went here yesterday with my friend and I loved what I ordered.  I had the berry pancakes and they honestly were the best pancakes I've ever had.  My friend ordered a kale salad to try something new, but she ordered before I arrived.  I would have told her that kale is naturally bitter. So, we can't give a fair review of the salad.  The staff was nice.  The restaurant was clean.  The only downside for me was that it was PRETTY tight in there.  I would come back again.I came here with my dad because they were having grilled cheese specials for National Grilled Cheese Day - we shared two, one which had caramelized onion/goat cheese and one which had arugula, truffle, and something else I can't remember. I think it was a special menu just for that day, but the sandwiches were so good, and only $3 each! We also shared some tomato soup and a biscotti. All very good. 
It was my first time coming here, and I was really impressed overall! Everything on the menu sounded awesome - breakfast, lunch, and dinner. We saw another table get a salad, which looked delicious. I definitely want to come back to try more things - it looks like an especially great brunch place. 
The people working there were really nice as well. Such a good experience.I have been here several times over the last few years and have had wonderful service & food every time I've been here. Far and away my favorite brunch place in the area.Down in Philly for the night. Had to pick a hot spot for breakfast. So went along with the fantastic Yelp reviews and very interesting menu. 
We went with the avocado toast and made our own omelette with a side of Miles siracha turkey sausage. It was a Wednesday morning at 10am and we had the place to ourselves. 
Clean, fresh and different is how I would sum it up. Somehow the turkey sausage ended up in my omelette and on the side. Glad it did. Better in the omelette. A bit dry on the side. Items were fresh and delish. Usually order without the potatoes but forgot. Again glad I did because they were super as well. Salty crisp with a hint of bacon.  I like my toast crisper but yummy nonetheless. 
All I can say is this is an understated place with fresh fare with a flair. Give it a try for breakfast for sure.You order your food first and then they bring the food to your table... food was decent.  Nothing out of the ordinary.  Good if you're hungry and in the neighborhoodLove Love Love this place and the block that it sits on.
My crew and I have ventured here more than once for the half price burgers on Wednesdays. Its pretty much the best deal in the city. The falafel burger is so fuggin good and comes with fries all for under $6.00 ( on burger wednesday). Service is usually a little slow but still good. The atmosphere is clean, calm ( unless the hoards of south st moms all come in with their strollers and shit) and chill.
I highly recommend this place for brunch or a quick lunch. 
They are BYOB and take level up.This is a neighborhood business that cares about its customers.
We ordered Miles Table via Caviar tonight. 
Caviar called within minutes to let us know that the restaurant was out of baby back ribs (a $16.00 dish). They asked if they could get us anything else. We had ordered three other items, all $11.00 or less. We decided not to order anything else. In about 30 minutes the order was at our door. Our very sweet and apologetic Caviar delivery driver said "The restaurant apologized and of course took the ribs off the bill. They also included a short rib dish they thought you might enjoy- at no charge." 
The short rib dish is a $19.00 dish (which they sent on the house)... And delicious.
I don't say this because I'm obsessed with price- I say it because I'm obsessed with good service and Miles Table went above and beyond. Enough to make me write my first Yelp review.  Anyway- food was terrific, but the service makes me more than a fan it makes me a cheerleader. This is a neighborhood business that cares about its customers.The turkey burger is to die for. Actually, everything I have ever had here has been exceptionally delicious. I have been here multiple times and it always feels homey and comfortable, and the food is always amazing. One of my favorite spots to grab lunch in Philly. EVER. Highly recommend.Atmosphere -  It's a bit hard to describe other than saying it's a nicer counter service BYOB. It's still pretty casual as there were children at neighboring tables. I do think the place is viewed as more of a breakfast and lunch place, though, as the restaurant during Friday night dinner was a bit slow.
Service - Even though it's a counter service place we only ordered at the counter. When we sat down, people brought our food and cleared our plates. They also refilled our water and collected our empty wine bottles (there were four diners and two bottles). The guy who was working handled everything well.  I also believe he had the whole place to cover himself. I can't imagine what it would be like for him if the restaurant was busy. As good as can be expected. Major points on the service front. 
Food - The food is delicious. We had the special Thai Chicken Dumplings. Lightly fried with a good portion of meat stuffed inside. Between the four of us, we got two filets and two burgers coincidentally. Everything was superb. HOWEVER, my steak was ordered medium and when the server put it down he even said medium but as you can see from the picture, it was well done. The meat was still very good and so were the brussels sprouts that came with it. The burger was fantastic. One in our party even commented that it may be the best burger he's ever add (sidenote: he added a fried egg on top of it). 
Overall - A great experience and I highly recommend. It's a shame they overcooked the filet otherwise it would've been five stars all the way. I look forward to returning and trying something different.
Points for: Service, burger
No points: Overcooked filet.I went to lunch here with a few friends today and had the chicken and waffles. It was amazing! Huge fan of chicken and waffles and this surpassed every expectation I had. Kudos to them and their amazing friendly staff for such an incredible experience. I will surely be back soon.Came here for brunch as a group of four, and we were not disappointed! I love that it's a fast and casual restaurant, so you can quickly go about your day. We ordered the sausage and egg brioche sandwich, smoked fish plate, and two of their brunch specials: huevos rancheros and the divorced eggs. Ordering was a breeze, and a pitcher of water sat before us seconds after we sat down. While the breakfast sandwich and smoked fish plate were regular-sized, the two brunch specials were ogre-sized! Definitely look for those if you are pretty hungry. 
My sandwich was fantastic. Great flavor, and just enough bites to satiate my hunger. Given the near empty plates from my group, I think we did pretty well with ourselves!
With great food, quick service, and reasonable prices, I think I will frequent this place more often!
Forgot it was BYO, but will remember for next time!If you're looking for a fresh, tasty, healthy, and affordable meal, this is the place! 
Greens with goat feta and candied pecans was perfectly dressed and incredibly delicious. Avacado BLT hit the spot. My girlfriend and I split each plate - just the right mix. Chocolate moose and chocolate chip cookie topped it all off!
Service was very nice, and helpful in choosing between the great options. Family owned and run - owners are very friendly too. Great local place! We'll definitely be back!The best breakfast I've had in a long time. I had the "mother and son", a pulled chicken enchilada with two eggs on top. It was just the perfect way (with a double espresso, of course) to start the day.This was a nice find. I ordered the Miles burger which was amazing, my boyfriend had chicken and waffles and he was not a fan. 
We brunched, but would love to come back for the dinner menu. The food came out fast and the service was great! This restaurant is BYOB and priced well and was within walking distance of the train station. 
We will be back!Really good! I had a quick dinner there and it was great. I had a grilled cheese on multigrain with avocado and pickles!!Food was on point, had the rib and eggs special & the dulce the leche French toast. The French toast wasn't too sweet which was good. The food came out fast too, loved It.So excited about this new spot! The food is really delicious--I tried the Kale Salad with Grilled Chicken and it was truly tasty. The staff is incredibly attentive and kind and the music playing is REALLY good. Honestly for a moment I felt I was in a coffee shop in San Francisco or LA. They've gotta work out a couple kinks with their pricing of extras like soy milk or extra grilled chicken but other than that the place is amazing. I'll definitely be coming back as often as possible.I came here on a Friday afternoon, after the cafe next door informed me they were out of avocados! I came here in hope I could get my daily fix of avocado toast, and this restaurant did just that. This small, sit down cafe is amazing for breakfast, brunch and even dinner. The ambience is very calming and the staff is very accommodating. There iced coffee is brewed at La Colombe (a coffee shop routed in Philadelphia) and is so tasty!! I would definitely come back here again for the affordable brunch and beautiful decorations. The location is perfect and the street has beautiful murals leading up to the cafe.Deelish!  What an excellent restaurant!  Gluten-free friendly and incredibly tasty!  Can't beat it!  Customer service is outstanding!Came here during the week for breakfast around 9:30am. It was empty. You order and pay at the counter. My sister and I both ordered iced coffees (they have soy milk!) and avocado toast... Amazing. Delicious. Perfect. Fresh. Filling. 
Good prices. Cute cafe.I had a quick 15 minutes before I had to run off to work, figured I could finally try out Miles! I've walked by a on the weekends before and it looks so busy -- so I'm glad I finally got the chance to try today.
Only enough time for a quick bite so I opted for 2 eggs over easy, multigrain toast, and home fries, all for less than $6 (although Philadelphia menu pages says its $6.50+tax ) Eggs were cooked perfectly, and home fries were nice and crispy. Simple dish though, so I'd like to go back to try some of their other stuff -- eyeing that falafel burger ..
Also I am one lucky duck -- came on a day they were doing a food photo shoot, aw hell yeah. The owner was very nice -- gave me complimentary cauliflower , whitefish bagel, and margherita pizza because he didn't want it to go to waste. He did the same for another customer that came in just for a cup of Joe. 
- The Cauliflower reminded me of sweet and sour chicken, that kind of spice/flavor -- so  hey if you're a vegan or vegetarian craving that taste, this is a perfect appetizer for you
- Whitefish bagel is good -- it's all about simple, fresh ingredients. Toasted bagel, tomato, lettuce, red onion and whitefish
I haven't gotten to the pizza yet.. soon on my lunch break!
Will be back based on the service and the other tasty items I got to try. Thanks guys!Yumm so delicious. This spot is great for brunch, tons of options. They have a steady menu plus lots of specials on a board near the register. I recommend any of the tea choices, empanadas and the carnitas Benedict (lots of meat!). Service was speedy and the spot is really cute and trendy.Came here with 3 friends Monday morning (July 4th). Service was very fast and friendly. Gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because the food was above average. I got the carnitas + eggs and the pork was a bit dry. My friend got the guapo burrito which he said was excellent. Above all the food was good but nothing too spectacular.Amazing and creative breakfasts. Special board is what to pay attention to..red velvet waffles with cream cheese frosting! Best Huevos Rancheros I have every had and the coffee was great to boot!  Nice modern space but very casual and relaxed.Miles isn't that good. 
I ordered a cheeseburger...a 12 dollar cheeseburger no less, named after the establishment. Not only was it was the greasiest burger I've ever experienced (the bun was soaked) it was WAY undercooked. I put the overall taste at a 6.5. Miles doesn't offer table service. Only a free-for-all to find seats in a super tight environment after you order your food in the back. There are waiters though to refill your drinks or help you out in any way. The friendly service is the only thing keeping this from a one star review.The food here is amazing.  I recommend getting take out as opposed to eating there.  It gets very loud when full and there is limited space.  I recently had the potato leek waffle, which was a brunch special, and it was delicious.  The waffle was fluffy but filling.  I have never had a savory waffle before, but I hope they add this to the permanent menu.I really really like Miles Table. It's my new brunch spot as some other neighborhood places have been disappointing lately. And it opens early on weekends, 8am I think, which is great because a lot of bar brunches don't start service till 10ish. 
The food is fantastic, I have had breakfast and lunch there. One time I ordered lunch to go, cobb salad and butternut squash soup. It was busy in there so when I grabbed my bag I just got out of there. I got home to find a BLTA(avacado) instead of the salad but I wasn't even mad because that things was delicious. 
The only thing is, it's a little tight in there. Depending on what time, there's usually a line, not really space for people to wait for take-out. 
Overall, this is a crowd pleaser. Definitely my go-to for out of town guests and for a solo lunch.This restaurant with simple yet delicious dishes. It's a great combo between sit down and a quick bite. You order at the counter and if you are staying there to dine they will bring your food out, or you can take it to go. 
For brunch/ breakfast, I love the avocado toast and Omelette. Coffee is okay, nothing special. It's BYOB which is nice, and they have a pretty good selection of meals for breakfast, lunch or dinner!
Overall, a great stop if you're looking for simple, tasty and not too fancy meals.Went here for lunch today.  Medium sized space but perfect for lunch with my main squeeze :). She had the carnitas tacos and I had the Cuban sandwich.  Both were nice size plates and most importantly the food was delicious.  Will definitely be back to try the breakfast options.Miles Table is a neighborhood gem. 
We went again last night, after I had gotten my heart set on having a burger (specifically at half price, since it was Wednesday).  Of course, upon arrival we were informed that Miles Table had run completely out of burgers for the evening (every kind - falafel, regular, and turkey). NOOOOO!!!!! I was so bummed out. Granted, we had arrived at 8:15 just prior to closing, so I suppose I was partially to blame.  I will be the first in line next Wednesday for a burger, though. The upshot is that at least we know the burgers must generally be pretty fresh and they're restocking their food frequently, which beats the alternative.
We ended up splitting the chicken ciabatta. They were also out of ciabatta, so we had ours on a whole grain roll, but it was really fantastic so no complaints there. Like everything else at Miles Table, the chicken ciabatta was on point.  I will say that it took a lot of willpower to not order the Molly Kale Salad (aka the best salad in all of Philadelphia), but we weren't that hungry and wanted to broaden our horizons. It was worth it! 
Bonus points for the staff at Miles Table who is always extremely friendly. I've never had brunch here and I'm not sure what I've been waiting for, because dinner always really hits the spot.
I would just like to add, as a side note, that I don't understand people who complain about burger add-on's not being included as part of the half price burger special on Wednesdays here. Things like avocados don't come cheap, and I'd be hard pressed to believe anyone could make a fully loaded burger for $5-6 at home.WHY HAVEN'T I BEEN EATING HERE EVERY DAY?!
Went in for lunch with a group of friends and was greeted by a relaxed and casual decor.  The chalkboard menus whisper to you the various epicurean delights that await your salivating palate.  There is something for everyone here, provided your tongue has a taste for adventure.
I had a turkey burger with extra bacon and avocado and an exquisite chipotle mayonnaise.  It was so good that I wanted to roll around in it, but then that means that I wouldn't have been able to eat it...
Warm and helpful staff, great ambiance and inviting environment.
Treat yourself my friends, to a seat at Miles Table.Very cozy place. They only have few on menu, which is fine. Our order came out fast, that's great because we were soooooo hungry!It's not the most pleasant experience here, and I can't quite understand anyone giving this place more than two stars. The food is OK--some things better than others, though I've gotten some truly clunker dishes in my visits there. I mean to the point that I've had to send things back because they were just bad. This is something I have just about never done anywhere else. Some of the rest of the food I've had there--mostly for breakfast--has been not bad.
The problem is the service and management. People working there, while not intentionally rude, I don't think, end up being incredibly inattentive and disorganized, because there is clearly no decent training or organizing going on at this place. It's not understaffed--if anything it's strangely overstaffed, with about five people behind the counter all frantically trying to do the same thing. 
So the result is that you can go in and stand there for several minutes while the staff whizzes about ignoring you. The atmosphere is indeed "casual" in the sense that no one is wearing a suit and tie to this place (it looks basically like an office cafeteria), but the anxious service and loud chatter in the small echoing room doesn't feel casual at all. 
Like many places in this area of Philly, there are a lot of couples around my age showing up with their toddlers and infants in strollers--especially for Sunday brunch (when it's hard to find a table anywhere). I'm not here to complain about people's unattended children or screaming babies-everyone can have their own opinions about bringing their little ones to restaurants. But just know that this is an especially "family friendly" place, so if you don't react well to the room filled with kids going to eleven, Miles Table is definitely not for you. I have my own and am used to it.
Overall, you have many better choices in the area. My first review was forgiving, since they had just opened, but until they hire a competent manager and waitstaff that knows to show customers that they give at least one, um, buck, they're going to rate low for me there.Made a return visit here....had Carnita Benedict, which was basically pulled pork over poached eggs.  Delicious.   Their specials are amazing.I love this place!  The food is great and they are constantly rotating specials if you want to switch it up.  I go there about once a week and have never had a bad experience.  Everyone that works there is super friendly!Came here for dinner on a Thursday with our 2 year old daughter. They were very sweet with her, and I don't know what they put in the scrambled eggs but she devoured the entire plateful. Hubby got the tuna melt and I got the fish tacos, both were huge portions and delicious. Prices were just right for a week night treat out.Judging solely on breakfast this place is great. I'd have given it 5 stars was the dining room not super cold... Fresh, healthy and interesting options. Avocado toast was delicious and grapefruit juice large for its price and freshly squeezed. Will definitely be making this place a staple weekend favourite.We stopped in for brunch the other morning. I had the divorced eggs...AWESOME! (Not quite sure why they call them that, but I'll make sure to ask next time.) The eggs were cooked perfectly, their salsa was super tasty, and I loved the pickled onions on top - great add! The side of potatoes was really tasty, too. We'll definitely make sure we go back to try other items on the menu. This place is a winner!Don't be scared away by the line. It moves fast and the food is worth it! Came here on a Sunday for brunch around 11 am and walked into almost no empty tables. But as we waited in line, tables slowly cleared up and my friend and I were able to grab a table pretty easily. Several groups of 4 and even 6 were seated, so it's possible. We ordered at the front and the food was brought to us in less than 10 minutes, even on such a busy day! 
OMG, the divorced eggs. Who knew that simple things like salsa roja y verde, tortillas, cheese, and eggs could make something so delightful? If you like eggs and typically order items like eggs Benedict, hold your urge to order the ordinary and go for the extraordinary. - 11/10.
Now regarding the rest of the meal: avocado toast, black coffee, latte. The avocado toast was exactly what I expected with toast, sliced avocados and a whopping serving of scrambled eggs on top. A little dash of salt and a side of ketchup brought this dish to a solid 7.5/10.  Black coffee - 7/10, Latte - 6/10. 
This particular Sunday morning brunch wasn't a poppin' bottles kinda brunch, but I will keep this place in mind when I'm in the BYO kinda mood.I cannot say enough good things about Miles Table! First, I am so excited that they are located about a block away from my house. My absolute favorite thing there is the avocado BLT. It is huge and delicious. It comes with a side of their homemade chips. I crave this sandwich all of the time. My second favorite is their Miles burger. It's perfection! It comes with a side of fries that are like the Belgian frites you get at other places. Skinny and crispy. I usually take out but I have eaten in and it's been great. You order at the counter and take a seat. Then one of the lovely workers brings you your food. Jen, who works there, does an amazing job. She is so organized and pleasant. They should be so glad to have someone so competent on their staff. They have a huge array of different beverages including fresh brewed iced tea. Plus, they have delicious desserts. I've tried the rice pudding and the bread pudding. Both were very tasty! Check this place out. It's casual and friendly. A great place to hang out and have a great meal. Oh, and it's BYOB!Great place to eat breakfast! 
Nice service and really good food. 
We will come again!I very much enjoyed this place for brunch. I came here on a busy Sunday and we were lucky enough to get the last available table for 4. This is a small spot with less than 15 tables. However, service is quick and great. We had to place our orders at the counter, but the food was served to our table. The food came out within 10 minutes. I ordered the Divorced Eggs rancheros on special. My fiancé ordered the turkey avocado club. Our meals were delicious. My meal was tasty and spicy. There were very nice flavors. The prices were good and the portions were very reasonable.  My friend ordered the El Guapo breakfast burrito and his girlfriend ordered an omelette. They both really enjoyed their meals. I also ordered a cappuccino, which was delicious.  It became very packed as we were leaving, and I totally get the hype. I will be back!On Wednesdays, Miles does a 1/2 off burger deal. Seemed like the right incentive  to get me over there.  Order at the counter and your meal is brought to you. Outdoor seating is available and it is BYOB.
The traditional ground chuck Miles Burger comes on a brioche with applewood bacon, remoulade, cheddar, lettuce, and tomato with fries on the side for $12.50. The real disappointing catch with the half off deal is that all of the super fun adds on are NOT included. Add ins like bacon, mushrooms, avocado, fried egg and another $1.50 and mushroom, caramelized onion, and roasted pepper are $1 each.  So once you add things to make it more than just a plain burger, the savings greatly decrease. But the burger patty was big and cooked almost to the medium rare requested. Fries were good; thin and crispy, with standard ketchup to dip them in.
I had the falafel burger, which comes with tahini, lettuce, tomato, and feta, regularly $9.50. Again the feta was not included in the half off, but I felt it was necessary to have it on top.  I liked the crispy outside, mushy inside  texture and chickpea flavor. As far as non-meat burgers go, I think I prefer a more carrot plus greens taste, but this has a certain appeal
It does appear to be Wednesday, the deal is all day, and while it might not be the super bargain I was hoping for, you can save a few dollars. So, if you are in the mood for a "neighborhood" burger today, this could be the place.3.5 stars because it's a great place for a fresh breakfast where you will NOT feel stuffed, heavy and greased out after eating, but it didn't leave me any temptations to desperately come back. But when I was almost It is definitely one of my top choices now if I'm in the mood for a clean and refreshening brunch/lunch meal. If you're looking for a carb-full brunch, Miles may not be the right choice. 
I got one of the specials I think. It was a turkey sandwich lots of everything of turkey, avocdao, tomatoes bacon, lettuce. 4 huge thick sandwiches, each with 3slices of hearty bread toothpicked together will make your mouth watery. Just looking at it made my stomach cleansed cuz it looked so fresh. They had potato chips in the middle. I probably would have been able to finish it but I was full after eating almost 3...a guy will be full after the whole dish I think. 
My friend ordered the Smoked Fish Plate which comes with Smoked salmon, whitefish salad, bagel, lettuce, tomato, red onion, pickle, all spread out on a plate. So you have to put everything onto the bagel and make it your own. So it can be a little annoying or messy, but likewise, very fresh and nothing was too salty. The whitefish salad was really good! 
As I'm writing this review I actually am craving Miles Table again.I'm hesistant to give it 4stars now...i'll just say.. it's one of the cute places that you should try out. And if you like it great! if not, it won't hurt to eat a clean meal once. 
Service was great!! Everyone was so nice!My friend was visiting from out of town and we decided to stop by for brunch.  I ordered the Divorced Eggs and my friend ordered Huevos Rancheros.  We were both pretty happy with our meal.  The portions were large so we both couldn't finish.  I would go back!The food is actually pretty good but unfortunately the service is sub par. This is the third time we have been asked to get up from a table just for someone behind us in line to sit at that same table. We were second in line with two open tables so my husband sat at a table while I ordered, with another, larger, table open for the customers in front of us to sit. An employee then asked my husband to get up out of his seat while the customers behind us were told to sit there. When I brought this to the attention of the woman taking orders I was told "well why don't you just order and then we will find you another table." No. While the food is ok we will not be returning. The system of "first come first served" is clearly not working when the woman in front of us said the exact same thing happened to them as well and the employees are not on the same page as to what that actually means.This place is crazy good. Stopped in here one morning while visiting with no expectations at all and was blown away.  There brioche breakfast sandwhich was one of the best I've ever had.  Staff very polite and knowledgeable of the menu.  If your in Philly break way from reading terminal market head to south street and eat here.  Trust me.One of my new favorite restaurants! I love the fact that this is fast casual. I love their breakfast foods and their flatbreads. Also, their kale salad is delicious!! I don't usually like raw kale but after eating their salad, I realized that there is a special way to treat raw kale that can be used in salads. I had their falafel burger and certainly something to come back for! Yumm!!What a gem! Originally we were heading to another bfast spot that turned out to be packed. A nice couple that overheard us directed us here -and weren't we glad they did! 
You order at the counter and then wait at the table, food and drinks are delivered by the staff. Food is AMAZING! Very fresh, quality ingredients. The espresso waffle was the best waffle we've ever had I think! If we were staying in Philly a bit longer, I'm sure we'd visit again!