Love this place! Adam is great and can't beat a combination like vinyl + coffee. Only issue: hugely disappointed in the bagels lately. 3 out of 5 times I go I get a stale bagel that Is so bad I can't even finish it. This wasn't always the the case, and is a real deterrent. Please fix ;)This place is hipster to the 100th degree, but I enjoyed it. The place has a very laid back atmosphere and some decent tunes in the background. As soon as you walk in, you will see a wall full on vinyls for sale. They have a wide variety of bands to choose from, so you may find that album you didn't know you needed.
The woman at the front counter was very friendly to me, so that is always a plus. The Iced Mocha I ordered hit the spot for a hot day, but the Chocolate Elvis was awesome. It is such a bad for you sandwich, but it was too good to pass up. This is a place I will return to for a coffee and chill out for a bit.This place automatically got 4 stars for painting a gigantic orange record with a cow (whose lone spot initially formed the shape of Pennsylvania, but now is, perhaps, Philadelphia?  I'm not sure) listening to a gramophone on the side of a building.  The mural makes me incredibly happy, and, since I live right off of Girard, I get to see it every day.  However, they serve La Colombe, which makes everyone happy except me.  I don't know what my damage is, but I don't like it.  There are very few places that make their espresso to my liking, and no matter where I get it, the coffee is burnt.  Anyway, the mocha that I got here was really strong.  I couldn't taste the chocolate in it at all.  Still, I can tell when a man knows how to make espresso, and this guy did.  So give it a try.  Unless you're me or someone else who doesn't much care for Philly's favorite purveyor of coffee, you'll like it.Love the breakfast burrito and the hummus was so fresh and thick my chips couldn't even scoop it up.  Yum yum for sure....and tickets to hot shows too!!Preiswertes leckeres Frühstück. Unbedingt den Bagella Fritzgerald oder den Joghurt mit Früchten und Granola probieren.If I lived in the area I could see myself coming here a lot. Found this place while looking for breakfast that was open early (they're open at 7AM). Everywhere else was about 9AM. 
It's a small, neighborhood breakfast/lunch spot with some seats if you choose to eat in. There's no table service, so you order your food and bus your own tables. They serve La Columbe coffee here which was great. Small, simple breakfast and lunch menu which makes deciding easy.  
I got the Rock N' Pork Roll which came with two slices of pork roll, eggs, and cheese. Didn't know it would be two slices, so it got too salty for me. Next time I'll get the Notorious EGG and add a protein. GF got the breakfast quesadilla special and it was a large portion that came with chips. It was stuffed with copious amounts of egg, black beans, and onions. Wish there was some salsa to go with the chips.It's not often that a place forgets to put cheese on my breakfast sandwich and I still give it 4 stars! 
Milkcrate Cafe is a little record store and a lot breakfast spot. The space is sparsely decorated and has a minimal, locally-owned vibe that makes you feel good about being a patron. The staff was genuinely curteous and attentive. I ordered (and rated!) the following:
Americano: Good, strong flavor and level of caffiene Grade: A
Cinnamon roll: HUGE, Fresh, liberal cream cheese icing Grade: A
Egg, english muffin, canadian bacon sandwich: Perfectly seasoned eggs, smallish pieces of candian bacon Grade: B
These items along with a medium coffee and vegetarian breakfast burrito cost me a minimal $17. I don't even live in Philly, but I'll be back.Really good coffee!! Awesome atmosphere if you like small hole in the wall coffee shops!! Really good and quick food!! Would definitely recommend to anyone living in or visiting Philly!! 
I got the Chocolate Elvis and it was amazing!!This is where Canvas, my favorite coffee shop, used to be.
The pluses:  Building looks awesome, Adam is friendly and a blast to chat with, coffee is great, innovative idea, convenient location, it's got personality.
The downside:  No hot food (yet!).  Adam is going to get breakfast foods going in the next few weeks.  When he does, I will amend my rating to 5 stars.  This could be a great light brunch option.This cafe located in Fishtown has a super cute theme filled with vinyls and music. I had a chai tea latte and it was decent. Definitely worth a visit!By far one of my favorite coffee shops in Fishtown! The staff is super friendly. The food is delicious. And the coffee is always on point. Not to mention I can buy classic records! :)one of my all time favorite neighborhood gems. love the coffee and breakfast sandwiches - plus they have a coffee loyalty program that is great for frequent flyers. (10 coffees = 1 free hot bev including espresso drinks) you really can't go wrong with this place when in need of a quick breakfast/lunch on the go!This ain't Starbucks. If that's all you need to hear before writing this place off, then Milkcrate isn't for you anyway.  If you realize that statement is a compliment, then you should definitely give it a try.  I love the unpretentiously hip atmosphere and  neighborhood feel.  I had the intention of having one of these highly praised egg sandwiches but the tomato/avocado/cucumber/cream cheese bagel sounded and tasted delicious.  I almost always want to have some meat in my meal but this was just a perfect combo of ingredients that I love and I may never get to try the egg sandwich because of it.  It maybe to soon to say this since I've only been there once (well twice: see below) but the iced coffee may turn out to be the best I've had.  I take my coffee with extra milk and no sugar so I don't like it too bitter and this one tasted like it was brewed just for me.  
My only gripe is that their menu is very limited and if the menu is on their website at all, I certainly couldn't find it.  That being said, you can tell by the website that they are passionate about music and this is reflected in the store.  This alone wasn't enough for me to drop a star but when I went there a week later around the same time on a saturday morning around 8am, they were not open.  The place was completely dark.  It may have been an isolated incident but it was a let down and  inconvenient.  I'm definitely going to keep going here though unless I keep running into this problem.Lovely lovely breakfast for the great price! Twice for the past month I ordered smoked salmon bagel and twice it was delicious! So big and fresh! Green salad was simply, I would add some tomatoes and cucumbers but dressing was tasty! Breakfast burrito rocks! Standard bagel is awesome as well!If Yelpidelphia weren't full of confused morons, Milk Crate would have a full five stars for sure.  (Or maybe seven, who knows?)
What are the complaints against Milk Crate?  "The clientele are all hipsters."  So what?  Eat your delicious sandwich, you cretin.  It's delicious and it's getting cold.  And, in case you hadn't noticed, it's at least $2.50 cheaper than any similar item at any comparable establishment in the area.
More complaints:  "Oh, there are all these ridiculous, overpriced records on the wall."  Oh, is someone forcing you to buy a record?  Knife at your throat, gun at your ball-sac?  No?  Okay, then I'm going to need you to hurry and shut the fuck up about the records.  Did you ever stop to think that those premium record sales might be part of the reason the scrumptious sandwiches and divine coffee are affordable?
These people who complain about Milk Crate...someone should find out where they live and drop a bomb on their neighborhood.Good coffee, wonderful (friendly as heck) service, but a bare bones coffee joint.  If I lived in the hood I'd stop in for my morning joe but take it to go.  If you're looking for a place that is more concerned with the basics and saving you money in the process, check it out.Milk Crate is this little hipster cafe that also sells vinyl and other throw back goodies.  YAY!  They're tucked away in a little corner shop near Fishtown in N Philly, and you'll easily drive by if you're not looking carefully.  
The girl behind the counter was super friendly.  We ordered the breakfast burrito brother, which was filled with fresh ingredients and yumminess.  I just love the names of their food items they sell, and they're super tasty for the price.  I think the burrito was like $5 or $6.... you can't beat it.
Please come here and support local places like this instead of McDonalds or Starbucks!The breakfast burrito seemed like a great idea.  The portion was appropriate (smaller than most burritos you'll get elsewhere) and the chorizo I added was not greasy at all - which was a nice surprise - but the burrito itself seemed to be made quickly, as all the ingredients were not appropriately layered so all the avocado and sausage was at one end, while the egg and veggies were at the other.  No excuse for that.
The inside is a bit boring, but I guess if you're in need of a quick breakfast this place would do the job.
Dirty bathroom.Bagella Fitzgerald (on everything bagel) was delicious, just like the iced mocha. 
Ambiance is quite unique with vinyl records mounted on the walls, joined by a rustic bean ceiling. 
Impeccable service, fresh food and coffee, all at a reasonable price. Nicely done overall.Great coffee shop. Great record store. Everyone is super nice and happy and friendly there. I quit coffee but still come for iced tea, breakfast sandwiches and to hang and read and write!
Couldn't recommend Milkcrate enough!
(p.s. the "Chocolate Elvis" is evil and delicious)We asked some guy we bought a toaster off of Craigslist who lived next to this place what he thought of it. He said it was great - best coffee he had come across. He did warn us that it was expensive. We decided to try it.
Large iced coffee: $3.50. Whew. Expensive.
The coffee itself was mediocre - not life changing. Good, not great.
Ambiance was good - a few people with their macbooks, one couple on a first date, quiet, peaceful. We enjoyed reading the rants in CityPaper, which was lying on a nearby table.
Staff were friendly, we didn't have a lot of interaction with them. We can only speak to the coffee, not the food. Overall satisfied. If it was more conveniently located, we'd probably come back!I was staying in Fishtown with an old friend this past weekend while in town for a rowing race. I stopped in here for coffee and breakfast early Saturday. Milkcrate Coffee gets points for being open at 7:00 am on the weekends and for having an awesome atmosphere. I loved all the records for sale (apparently there's a record store in the basement) and the vintage couches were a nice touch. The coffee was tasty and they had some vegan food options, so I was able to grab something to eat as well. Overall I had a good experience and would return here if in the area.Solid breakfast spot with basically anything you could imagine and then some. Lots of cool specials, too.
Decent prices, they sell La Columbe coffee which is a plus.
Come early because it definitely gets crowded. For sure a neighborhood staple!Great quick breakfast stop. Coffee is out of this world!!! The breakfast items are made fresh which is awesome. Definitely try this place you won't regret it!This cafe has an excellent service! They could make me an ordinary sandwich. They serve coffee colombe and even sell various precipitation. The atmosphere and decorations are unique and very pleasant.I love the Milkcrate Cafe! Adam, the guy who's usually at the counter (and I think the owner) is probably one of the nicest folks I've ever met in Philly. The thing about him is that his "niceness" is seemingly genuine! It's not forced or made up or brought about by too much caffeine and that makes me all the more happy to patronize his shop.
I love the vibe, it's sort of well versed music geek meets Fishtown locals over good coffee and the bacon, egg & cheese on a croissant is awesome. The music mix is good too though ironically brought to your ears via iPod not turntable, but these are the times in which we live; it's hard to flip over to side 2 when you're hands are busy pulling shots and steaming milk :)  
Sadly, I have to be "up and atom" way too early to stop in at Milkcrate on a daily basis so I look forward to those rare days off where I can sit and enjoy this nice little addition to Girard Ave.Love, love, love this place! Yummy coffee & chai tea, awesome atmosphere, RECORDS, & a friendly staff. What more could you ask for? I wish I still lived in Fishtown, places like this didn't exist back when I was a resident there.Place is cool food is so fresh and so cheap you are paying 3rd world rates in the city i love it !!  Lots of things to look at in there especially if you like nusicSuch a great find in the NoLibs/Fishtown area. My friends and I have been looking for a good bagel and breakfast sandwich place in this area and we finally found it. The food was delicious and they do $1 coffee fills if you bring your own cup.  We also loved the vibe from the record area and decorations.  I'd definitely recommend for breakfast, and I definitely plan on coming back here.  Extra props to them for being open on the 4th of July!This place is super cute! Colorful with records all over the place. Definitely seemed like a hipster cafe that belonged in Williamsburg but I guess that's the vibe of Fishtown these days. It's a great place for people watching and the food is pretty good, though a bit overpriced. It was nice to hang here for a bit on a sunny summer day!Great iced coffee. Just a good local coffee shop. Going to try a pastry! Yum!Excellent neighborhood coffee place. Very hipster ambiance! Ordered a breakfast burrito and it was scrumptious. Real well done with good flavors. A perfect way to start your morning! They serve La Colombe coffee! That needs no further introduction. 
Apparently the iced coffee is strong and a big hit. Tons of people walking in and out with that! 
Free wifi, good music, excellent coffee and food. What more can you ask for?I love this little place! I have had it bookmarked forever and used to live within walking distance from this casual and cozy hangout. I have no clue why it took me forever to stop on in. 
The coffee is tasty. I only had a latte so nothing special, but it tasted pretty great. I will be headed back soon to shuffle through all the vintage and new vinyls in the basement and hanging on the wall as sellable decor. The basement has a great selection. Small but pretty fun and at varying prices points. Plus, there is a DJ so you can take your time, enjoy the music and sip your Americana while you find your next favorite album.My sister lives a block away from Milkcrate so it's always a nice treat to stop by for coffee and a breakfast sandwich. Since she's a regular, the workers always chat with her and it usually seems that they're more up to date with her life than I am. 
 Milkcrate primarily serves La Columbe coffee drinks. This is some of the best and most consistent types of coffee you'll ever taste. For a while you could only get La Columbe in Philly. Now it's available in DC (hooray!) so it's not as rare of a treat. There's usually enough space (at least when I visited on the weekends) to sit and enjoy your drink. The sandwiches all have fun music names- Run BLT- as a nod to the second half of their store, records and music. 
Street parking is a bit tough so have some patience or designate someone from your group to hangout in you illegal park job. Great coffee shop so get there ASAP!Too freakin cool for school. Vinyl records on the wall, breakfast sandwiches,  and La Colombe coffee... what else does a man need. I had the Notorious E.G.G. which was ok but I thought the bagel could have been softer. The coffee and vibe make this place 5 stars. Classic Fishtown spot. I liked this jawn.REJOICE! you have just found your new favorite fishtown coffee spot. ( sorry rocket cat, i love you...but this place is closer. and it has records).
a guy and a girl were working. the girl was all smiles and very polite. the guy seemed like the owner. he called everyone "brotha" and "sistah." i felt really comfortable like i belonged there automatically. he made conversation with me over my Plastic Ono Band shirt. 
there was a nice selection of records, mostly soul and r&b. but there's also a bunch of records on the wall and i somehow miraculously scored Piper At The Gates of Dawn 2nd pressing here for $30. sweet jesus!
the coffee was delicious and average priced. the windows let in lots of sun. it seemed like the guy knew a lot of the people who were coming in, like he cared about getting to know his customers. i like this. this spot rules!Milk Crate has not been open long at all but I have been more than a handful of times already and hung out there for long periods of time.  Its not exactly close to my house I'd say close to  2 miles away, but given the chance to escape rocket cat's douchey clientele is totally worth it.  I have never felt comfortable hanging out in rocket cat, but I feel totally fine hanging around milk crate.  They play good music, the owner is super friendly and nice and there is free wi-fi (ok i don't use the wifi, but maybe someday).  The only downside for me is that it doesn't feel 'broken in' yet.  It kind of has a sterile feeling that I haven't quite put my finger on...is it the furniture, the white walls?  I think its a combination of the two.  
All in all Milk Crate is a-ok and has won me over enough to deserve a visit from me on a weekly, or bi weekly basis.  Their coffee is decent and I hear they will soon be serving food products as well.  There is also a record store in the basement, I'm not so much into collecting vinyl anymore, but maybe you are so stop by for a look and happy friendly service.Milkcrate is a great coffee shop to grab a quick coffee or to sit for a while and enjoy some food. They brew La Colombe coffee and the baristas are always pleasant. If you think you'll be coming here often then it's worth grabbing a frequent customer punch card and you'll get your 10th coffee free. 
Their food menu, with creative names inspired by music, is nothing to write home about but overall it's pretty good. Highlights for me are the Bagella Fitzgerald and the chicken burrito. 
They often have sales on record bins sitting outside where you can pick up an album for a dollar. 
They have free wi-fi so you can sit for a while and do work (although the plastic seats aren't too comfortable). 
Note that during the morning rush and on weekend mornings it can be a little crowded but the line always goes quickly.I know that a lot of people really love the atmosphere and go here only for the coffee and tea, but I think that they're one of the best lunch spots in the area. 
Each time I've been there the service has been super friendly and helpful, and the food is awesome - my pick is definitely the burritos, which you can load with lots of extras. Paired with a side salad and a can of soda, it makes for a pretty satisfying lunch for about $10.Simple basic good coffee shop where you can buy records. Not a huge collection of records, but good enough place to enjoy a cup of joe and get some eggs on a bagel. Stop in.Excellent food, service and vibe.  All around great neighborhood coffee shop.  I highly recommend the breakfast burrito, but all their stuff is great.I have zero patience for their lines on the weekend but understand and am grateful for a coffee shop two blocks from my house.  However excellent iced lattes and decent bagels.It's my go-to grab-n-go spot for coffee and breakfast/lunch sandwiches. My standard order is the Bagella Fitzgerald on an everything bagel with bacon and a large coffee. Like most cafes in the area, they carry La Colombe so you know you'll get a consistently good cup of brew every time. The Bagella is a sandwich with tomato, avocado, cucumber, cream cheese, sea salt and black cracked pepper. It's light and fresh for that morning boost, so naturally, it's a fave. All their sandwiches sound great but this is the only one I've ever needed. 
They also have a killer good iced coffee (read: STRONG), which made Milk Crate the start to my morning, every morning, when I lived within three blocks of the place. The baked goods are pretty good and the staff rocks!! 
I also like the frequent buyer cards. Buy 10 and get a free coffee?! Sweet deal since there were days I'd end up at Milk Crate twice a day!Great little spot in Fishtown comfortable friendly staff good food. The Bagella Fitzgerald was Amazing.Nice spot to grab a bagel and coffee in the morning.  I have been here 3 times and would go back.Only been here twice, but it's really cheap. The coffee is pretty good. The Bagella Fitzgerald is breakfast genius. Worth it to pay an extra $1.00 to get bacon on it. I recommend some drips of siracha on it.I enjoyed this place. I'm from out of town and went back for breakfast again. The prices are decent and the food is good, however the eggs have a lot of salt in them. I got egg and cheese in a bagel and couldn't finish it because it was too salty, and I like salty things. However the next day I got the chocolate elvis which was really great. Customer service isn't incredible, sometimes the servers are talking to each other and make you wait a minute or so. Worth it in my opinion. Cool atmosphere in general.I walked in to a casual atmosphere and ordered a Rock n Pork Roll. 
Scrumdillyumscious!!I'm not a coffee snob so I can get drink just about anything. I like Milkcrate Cafe because the coffee is good, Adam is super nice, and the vinyl is awesome!
For me coffee is coffee. Either it's good, or it's mud butt. Milkcrate's is definitely not the latter, but I couldn't write some romantic description on the subtle notes and intricacies of the blend. It tastes good to me and it does the job.
Adam is a super nice guy. Very outgoing and genuinely appreciates the business he gets. He's upbeat, energetic and polite, can't really ask for more from a business owner.
I've been to Milkcrate twice and both times I've walked out with a record. It didn't look like downstairs was open yet, but there is a section in the back with some records to flip through. There is also a great, diverse and ever changing selection that decorates the walls.
Everyone has been waiting for some good coffee to come back to Fishtown, add vinyl into the mix...what could be more hip? Go check it out!This is THE breakfast stop of Fishtown: always friendly, always great music, and the price is right! They even got the bagel with cream cheese down to a science (very important- no whimpy knives n CC souffles).  Egg sandwiches are banging, and so's the Bagella Fitzgerald... c'mon that's too damn cute! Now they are offering even more hot food (soups & sammies)... soon to be my lunch stop too.Place is cute, coffee and food was delish. Old records and fun tables with 45 records in the table top.This place is awesome. It's everything you would want in a Fishtown coffee shop: great prices, a simple yet delicious menu, super friendly service, great coffee (they serve La Colombe), and fun atmosphere.
Plus, the menu names are awesome--Notorious E.G.G.? Run B.L.T? Don't mind if I do.
I had the egg sandwich (Notorious E.G.G.) and then split a Chocolate Elvis (nutella, peanut butter, bananas, croissant). Both were yummm.
They also keep the customer frequent coffee cards (get 10 coffees, get one free) at the counter, sorted by your last name. It's a cute, small place touch.
There are no credit card minimums, which is nice. You sign on their iPad; it's easy.
Can't wait to go back.After eating way too much for lunch at Sketch Burger, my daughter and I needed some caffeine in a hurry. Milkcrate Cafe fit the bill as it is just across Girard Avenue.
Milkcrate Cafe is cool little place, with decent seating for enjoying coffee and the food that is made there. We couldn't even look at the food after over doing is so much at Sketch. However the menu and the dishes we saw looked really good and unique. We ordered two ice coffees and Milkcrate brews and serves La Colombe coffee. The iced coffee was very good and generated enough of a recharge to continue on with my Saturday.
The staff at Milkcrate was very friendly. They have a used record store down stairs also if into that sort of thing. I sadly sold my vinyl collection for a song a long time ago before it came back into the vanguard. I would come back to Milkcrate when in the area.
3.5 Yelp stars, almost 4.Great staff, great records (some awesome rare stuff at reasonable prices) and great coffee = I AM IN LOVE WITH THIS PLACE!NEVER underestimate the amazingness of an independently owned neighborhood coffee shop complete with friendly staff, free WiFi, comfy seating, a unique and original food and beverage selection, and vintage vinyl album covers adorning the walls!  Right in the heart of Fishtown, Milkcrate Cafe is a great social hub for those who populate the neighborhood and for those, like me, who are eager to scout the territory.      I settled on a mocha latte and the Chocolate Elvis (peanut butter, Nutella, and bananas on a flaky, buttery croissant), and while it was a bit messy, it was worth every bite.  And did I mention they have records for sale?Went here for the first time this week and got an iced vanilla coffee and a breakfast sandwich. The iced coffee was so delicious that I had to go back the next day and get another one. Love that they offer soy milk! Breakfast sandwich was pretty good, think I just ordered the wrong thing. When I went back the next day I just got an everything bagel with cream cheese which was yummy! The only reason it's a 4 out of 5 for me is that the second day I went back, the woman at the counter was very stand offish and seemed miserable. It's a shame because the first day every one was so nice! Who knows, maybe she was just having a bad day. Totally will be coming back though! What a hidden little gem.Great atmosphere, spectacular music selection and the coffee and food are always perfect. Such a great neighborhood place...love it!!!I think Milkcrate might be my favorite coffee shop of all time. The Rock N Pork Roll is amazing, but the breakfast burrito with added sausage saves my life every weekend when I don't have time to cook. The baristas are always super friendly unlike some of the other coffee shops around here.Quality food!!! A little expensive. 
I love the concept. Cute milkcrates everywhere, good food, and records. V hipster-- chicks with unshaved legs, guys with tight jorts on their computers or reading a book. The cashier is the sweetest chick ever. 
If I want something quick in fishtown this is where I go.Bagels are decent (especially the cream cheese) but the breakfast sandwich was not very hot or flavorful. Would rather have made my own at home. Cool hipster place though and people were nice!I really like this place. Their coffee is excellent, the ambiance is laid back and food selection is well-rounded.   I love the names of their sandwiches!  Ike & Tina Tuna, clever!  I wish they would offer the Ike & Tina Tuna on a bed of greens instead of on bread.After totally overdoing La Columbe I decided to try Milkcrate to switch it up and I'm so glad I did. What a great little coffee shop! They staff is incredibly friendly and accommodating along with the other customers. I love stopping in here on the weekends during the day and first thing in the morning on my way to work. 
I've also worked from this shop when I've worked from home. It's quite, the wifi works and is fast, and it's a great little work at home environment. 
Another pro is that they have unsweetened almond milk. Something that the local La Columbe has gotten rid of. 
Definitely a very underrated coffee shop.Great establishment. Great food, great prices (-although prices are creeping up). Be nice to your barista, they put up with cranky uncaffeinated people all day.This coffee shop is right on my corner!  I went in today for the first time and asked for 5 cups of coffee.  I got 5 empty cups and lids, I filled them myself and away I went.  $2 per cup, plus tip, for La Colombe coffee and I didn't have to sit and wait at all (I am not the most patient person ever).  The place was pretty empty and there were not many food options (bagels and two kinds of muffins) but they are new and I hear that is changing.  Great cup of coffee, great price, great service.Small and bustling, yet still cozy with plenty of places to sit, Milkcrate is a fun and friendly neighborhood hotspot. With lots of egg sandwich options (although I have to admit mine wasn't the freshest), breakfast burritos for the anti-bagelers, La Columbe coffee, and a teeny tiny bathroom tucked in the back, you've got all you need to park here for a while and enjoy a weekend morning. 
An extra star for the lovely staff who calmly deliver your meal to your table instead of barking out names and leaving food on the counter, only to get cold while you wonder if your name was called.Slow but delicious. Don't come here with a big order. Best breakfast around. Croissants egg cheese bacon is my husbands favorite.This place just keeps getting better & better. Seriously, I really just don't think they ever have anything bad to ever say about them.
The records that line the wall are always amazing...seriously...where did they find so many great albums all at once and how are they selling them for such reasonable prices? They have recently opened up their entire basement to sell records, as well. A dream come true!
They now have a more extensive menu than when I first went here a year ago. Delicious egg sandwiches and the like. And something that involves Elvis in the name that has nutella on it. Noms!
My boyfriend and I like to come here on a sunday morning to read the paper and sip our coffee and the employees are always so super nice. 
i hold this coffee shop in the little coffee shop part of my heart.Amazing food! Stopped by on our way to MD for a quick breakfast grab and totally loved the everything bagel sandwich with cream cheese and veggies. Their marble cake was also delicious and the latte was nice and strong! In all a gem of a place!Milkcrate is deep Fishtown. It's the kind of place you walk into at 10 am on a Tuesday morning and encounter a dozen seemingly unemployed young people milling about in pilled beanies and delightfully soiled flannel. Why am *I* getting cappuccino at 10 am on a Tuesday morning, you may ask? Erm, let's stick to the topic at hand.
I mostly love this place. 8 times out of 10, my large cappuccino is awesome ($4). Those other two times, I'm not sure what happens. Too many grounds in the portafilter? Too much ennui behind the counter? We may never know. But there are occasions when I leave disappointed.
Second that for the pastries. I would say it's a 50/50 shot to get a fresh chocolate croissant here (which they deliver from somewhere else). They are often stale and hard as rocks. No fun.
There are a few employees here that are super friendly and inject a nice dose of "pleasant" into my morning. There are also other employees here that don't do that.
This place has a cool loyalty system; you get a card, you keep it right there on the counter in a Rolodex. Every time you buy a coffee beverage you get a hole-punch, and after 10 punches your next drink is free. Even large cappuccinos! In the summer I get their iced coffee and it's awesome. They serve La Colombe coffee here, which is rich and expensive-tasting. 
Oh yeah, they sell records too. Not sure what that's all about.My favorite place when I need a to go coffee in my neighborhood. They have a great americano. I like the decor and should really get downstairs to check out they vinyl one of these days.My little go to breakfast spot being new to the area. Usually grab a notorious e.g.g. with sausage and a nice iced coffee a solid combo from both. The place itself is a change of scenery from ur typical breakfast spot and the staff are always nice. Another plus is the lot behind it always has spots open which helps when parking on the street gets tough.I've rarely get what I ordered. It's ridiculous how incompetent they are taking and fulfilling orders sometimes. I only go because it's close and they have bagels. Everything else is too far. I'm disappointed most of the time, seriously. I pray a new bagel place opens up that is closer.  Also a smile might help from behind the counter. Cool place and I'm a big supporter of local shops. But they should double check their orders when busy in the morning.When visiting my girlfriend who lives in Fishtown, this is our go-to spot! I've never had to wait more than five minutes to get my breakfast and iced coffee! The menu is small and limited, but they've perfected every breakfast sandwich dynamic out there! The coffee is excellent and imported from La Colombe and even better, they have a full record store in the basement and in the dining area! There's nothing I like more than browsing for the next gem in my record collection and eating a bacon, egg, and cheese!I live right down the street and wish I liked this more. Take out is almost always wrong and service is laughably slow.Milkcrate is a hipster-comfy coffee joint where you can listen to up-beat music from surprisingly cheerful bands you've never heard of while sipping on one of the best soy cappuccinos you've indulged in. (This espresso drink, of course, is sweetened with the brown sugar chunks instead of packets of granulated white sugar. No, of course I didn't pop 10 or so lumps into my mouth while I stirred my beverage...that wouldn't be very mature now would it?)
Oh yeah, and you can eat a bagel sandwich loaded with as much food as a delicatessen pastrami, only with healthier ingredients (read avocado, egg and bacon...or vegetarian substitutes.) The baked goods, croissants and an assortment of pastries, cookies and sweets, are tasty too.
Four stars because there aren't enough outlets for all of the hipsters and their multiple mac products. Oh, and my butt kind of hurts after sitting in this chair for an hour too long. I think I have seat imprints on my thighs.Love this place. Their drinks are amazing (especially the iced chai) and also their breakfast sandwiches are delicious and cheap. Highly recommend coming here for breakfast or lunch!Good food, good coffee, fun record selection. The atmosphere is great, sometimes the girls behind the counter aren't the nicest but hey...everyone hates working hungover.Milkcrate is a great local option for a quick breakfast. They've always been a favorite of mine because they're one of the few places in Fishtown that you can get a proper PEC (pork roll egg and cheese). The sandwich is pricey at $8, but it's a fairly sizable amount of food. It comes with 3 generous slices of pork roll on an oversized English Muffin. Even with its considerable heft, the sandwich seems to disappear pretty quickly because it is just THAT delicious. 
The service is good and the ambiance is top notch. The entire store is walled with vinyl albums for sale. There is also a more complete record shop downstairs, though I've never ventured there because I'm fairly distracted by my delicious sandwich. 
Would easily be a 5/5, but more than $10 for a coffee and a sandwich seems like kind of a lot. Still definitely recommend thoughok, first of all, I don't buy or collect records but I am all about a great experience.  How could you not LOVE the staff here.  They are friendly, they know their regulars and they make every single person they interact with feel special.  Oh and the food and coffee is really good.Stopped here for breakfast sandwiches had the Notorious egg and a flying burrito brother excellent both sandwiches. Also a really good WiFi connection clean place and great staff a must try if you live in the fishtown area or passing through and good price to