Called at 1:00 pm today to order take out for lunch, was told they weren't doing take out until 2 pm. Was driving from chestnut hill back to center city and decided to wait the extra hour to get decent vegan food. Called back promptly at 2 and was told kitchen was closed until 3:30. I mentioned I'd been told to call at 2, the waitress checked with someone, got back on and told me she was sorry for the mix up but they couldn't do any food for us. Online (through yelp) was also offering take out at that point, so clearly problems there about when they will actually serve full menu.
Very disappointing cause they knew they messed up but didn't care to make it right.In one day we've enjoyed the Kimchi Tacos, Ko-Curry, Hot Greens and Bahn Mi. We live around the corner and stopped by for lunch and loved it. After a delicious lunch we came back later for the dinner options and again loved it. So excited it's here in East Falls! Good service, quick and delicious food and both dine in and take out experiences good.Best vegan Mac n cheese I've ever had!! The owner is creative and wonderful. I wish we lived closer so we could go more often! Lovely place!I'm so happy to have this little veggie haven right here in East Falls. I've already ordered from here 3 times since they've opened about a week ago and each time, I have not been let down! From coffee to tacos to curry, it's all been fantastic and I'm aiming to try every item there, it also helps that the service is fast and friendly.Took a short trek from Fairmount to East Falls today for brunch at Milo. Pleasantly pleased with the chill atmosphere. Thrilled with the menu variety. Really enjoyed, ok loved the food! Can't wait to go back again and again to try the entire menu.I went this morning for a delicious breakfast sandwich. It was Yumsville, USA; Population: me. 
Loved it!I have been here many times, sometimes on the same day! I love the flavors and textures. I lean more toward international flavor profiles, so the menu items satisfy that for me. I really appreciate flavorful vegetarian and vegan options without having to go deeper into the city. Really happy to have this restaurant in the neighborhood!!Great job on the menu! I've had 3 things so far and all have been fantastic. Everytime I go there it seems to be a tough menu decision so I'm looking forward to my next visit. The staff is really nice as well. Overall a great experience!AMAZING! INCREDIBLE!! I am not a vegan or even a vegetarian yet this is the BEST food around. I come from Chestnut Hill for the Mac and Cheese. It is NOT to be missed.Excellent new spot with amazing options for vegans.  Anything that's vegetarian on the menu can be made vegan as well.  The mushroom tacos were amazing. They were fresh, flavorful and filling.  My two non-vegan friends loved their sandwiches as well.  
Wish they served breakfast/brunch items later into the day on weekends. I'll definitely be back to try other things!So happy to have a vegetarian restaurant nearby, and enjoyed the South and Southeast Asian flavors in the Pad Thai and Ko Curry.  Here's the rub: for some reason it is incredibly loud in the restaurant, probably because of some kind of industrial fan in the open kitchen.  My son (who is sensitive to these things) could not stand to be inside the restaurant.  While the rest of the family could stand it, we certainly heard the high noise level and understood his complaint.  If there is something to be done about the noise level, we would gladly return, and based on the high quality of the vegetarian food, I would certainly raise my rating.  Thank you!This place is SO good. I got the shroomy baked Mac and cheese and I could not BELIEVE there was no dairy in it. Come support this new gem in the neighborhood, you won't be disappointed!Stopped here for a quick bite after letting the dog run around at Pastorius Park. The food was amazing! Very quick and incredible flavors. We had the Mac n cheese and the pad Thai. The Mac n cheese is rich and creamy with lots of mushrooms. The pad thai was tangy with a great depth of flavors. This place is worth a drive even if you don't live near by. Great decoration of the interior and the staff and owner were all very friendly. Will be back soon!So delighted to have another vegan friendly restaurant in Philly! Came for brunch and had the Kimchi Tacos and Shroomy Baked Mac n Cheese
both of which were so scrumptious. The couple next to us ordered the Kurly Kale Salad and Bella Pho and by the look on their faces, they were just as pleased as we were. Chef Craig came out and asked our opinion which we gladly gave. He said he's going full force for flavor.  Objective achieved, cook on Chef Craig...we'll be back!This restaurant is amazing! I have to say between presentation and taste it was the best breakfast I've had in a long long time. I cant wait to take my parents! I will definitely try and make it there at least once a week for breakfast or lunch.Exactly what we needed in the neighborhood! My partner and I just went here for lunch and both really enjoyed our meals. I got the hot Moroccan bomber - excellent flavors and a perfectly textured seitan on delicious fresh bread. My partner ordered the Banh Mi - I tried a bite and it was definitely spicy, but absolutely delicious. Probably one of the best Banh Mi I've had. The little tabouli-like salad that came on the side of both meals was also very tasty, and perfect for cooling down the spiciness of the meal. Overall, really excellent food and worth the wait for them to open! Will be going back soon! 
My only suggestions for the management would be to have a printed menu for people who are eating in so that we don't have to crane our necks to look at the board. Secondly, serve breakfast all day (or at least into the afternoon) on weekends! That breakfast menu looks delicious, but I want to have it for lunch.Great food! My husband had the egg sandwich and we both agreed it was one of the best we have ever eaten! The avocado toast was delicious and came with a ton of avocado! They have created a lovely atmosphere and the entire menu looks delicious. We live in the area so we can't wait to try out more of the menu!Great Vegetarian/Vegan menu!! Friendly staff!! Amazing!! Definitely going back very soon!Great place. The whole menu, to my knowledge, can be made to be vegan, which is awesome. I've had the Spicy Moroccan and the Bahn Mi and loved both of them; super spice-heavy and flavorful and come with sides of potato wedges accompanied by  a dip that to this day I cannot figure out how it is vegan-it takes like spicy, seasoned mayo. Also, they have an amazing selection of vegan desserts that can even work for non-vegans they are so freaking good!!I've liked everything I tried so far. Tinga Mushroom Taco, Kimchi Taco, and Frittata. Good, healthy, and the owner Craig is very friendly.Cute place. I had a friendly waiter who was exceptional. Food was good and beautifully presented. My only issue was that I got an attitude for using a $100 bill. I'm sorry, I forgot my card and that's all I had. 
I thought it was unprofessional for manager (I think he is, one with the tattoos, bigger guy) to treat a customer the way he did. Luckily, his buddy had change. I also asked for two 10s (from a 20)so I can leave a tip, his response was, "Our machine isn't equipped to change like that." Even though that upset me, I left a tip anyway because I really liked the waiter. Please be a little nice to your customers, sometimes that makes the whole experience.Great food, but their hours are hit or miss. They do not follow their posted hours. I've had great food here twice. However, the last three times I have gone back they were not open. Even though their posted hours said they should be open. I would return if they kept their business hours consistent!Service is excellent. I had takeout Shroomy Mac N Cheese. It was incredible. One of the things that is constant since going vegan was that I've never had a meal where I needed a nap afterwards. Food has been great but gave me energy. This Mac n cheese made me want to nap. It's deceptive. I thought it was dairy. I had to call the restaurant to make sure it is vegan. It is. Absolutely worth a try!I had the jungle Pad Thai- it was awesome! There is something for everyone here, even if you are a meat eater. Great addition to the neighborhood. Can't wait to try the coffee and breakfast next time.Stopped in on a Saturday afternoon for lunch. Such a cool restaurant and space. A great addition the the neighborhood! We tried both kombucha flavors that they had on tap, both were delicious. To eat we had two orders of tacos, one mushroom and one cauliflower, and we split the Bahn Mi. The tacos were very good but the Bahn Mi was one of the best sandwiches ever! Worth going just for that. Lots of other options such as pastries, coffee, and smoothies to go along with the food, as well as breakfast options like eggs and avocado toast. Can't wait to go back and try all the other delicious looking food, would highly recommend!!This was maybe the 4th time I've been here and I was finally able to get the Savannah burger. They now make their own burger since the Impossible burger is changing ingredients. And I got the Shroomy Mac & Cheese. Everything was amazing as usual.The food at Milo is great, but they ARE NEVER OPEN.   I'm vegan and live near by and try to go frequently during their posted business hours and 90% of the time it's closed.  I just tried to go there right now,  11:30 on a Saturday, CLOSED.#FoodLove...#FoodPassion...#Vegan#Vegetarian...#ChefLife...#EastFalls...#LifeStyle...#JuiceBar...#Brunch...#Germantown...#Manayunk...#Philadelphia...#LOVE...This was our first visit to Milos. We had the vegan corn chowder, Kurly Kale Salad, Hot Moroccan, and the Bahn Mi. Everything was fantastic! We truly enjoyed it! We are looking forward to our next visit.Love this place!  I have only made it over there a few times so far, but it's one of those places that's so good that you want to go as often as possible just to make sure that they stay in the neighborhood.  I've lived in East Falls for four years now, and the vegan pickins can be pretty slim, but Milo's menu has me overwhelmed by all the options (in a good way).  The service is always friendly and helpful, and the food is delicious.  Even if I didn't live in the area, this place would be worth the trip; it's just a perk that I can walk there on a nice day.  Thank you for coming to East Falls!!! My vegan prayers have been answered.I've had many Impossible burgers since they hit the restuarants. I love them , they are not all prepared the same. This Savannah burger is off the charts delicious!!! The flavors are ama ing , no need to add any additional condiments.  If you want to try an impossible burger Milos is where you should go!!! The service was excellent and food was hot and delicious.  I also thoroughly enjoyed my Tandoori tacos . The vegan cookies and cakes are a must try especially the chocolate chip cookies and the Brookie " combo chocolate chip and brownie " I've already informed the hubby this is my new burger place.  The food was so good I had to call and personally thank the Chef.Update: I have since become a sort of "regular" here and have started to finally branch out and try new things other than the ban mi. The Savannah was my latest conquest and it was so good. Like unbelievably good. The vegan cheese with the handcrafted veggie burger had the same hearty feel and messiness as a meat burger but tasted 100x better. I got it with avocado and was not disappointed to have the gooey avocado-cheesy mixture dripping all over my fingers. Please go here. The food is only made better by the excellent staff! They are lovely and will make you feel right at homeI got the Savannah to go, and it was delicious! The restaurant has a great cozy atmosphere and the burger was one of the best I've ever had.Love the menu & the atmosphere! Nice variety of options and friendly staff. Highly recommend!Outstanding! Just had the best veggie burger. Daughter had a smoothie. Great service, super laid back and excellent food. So happy to have a new neighborhood hangoutAmazing vegan/vegetarian restaurant in the East Falls area with large filling portions. I got the hot Moroccan which came with a side of potato wedges and couscous both which were flavored really well. The sandwich itself had seitan which had a great texture and was seasoned well. 
They also had a water cooler with infused water (lime,ginger,mint) which was perfect for a hot summer day. Would definitely return to try other things in their menu. Visited on a Friday afternoon and has no trouble finding street parking in the areaI was skeptical and proven wrong! Delicious! Great addition to the neighborhood, can't wait to go back.Delicious!!
This was my first visit and I was more than impressed. The Bahn Mi was so good!! I did have to pull off some of the the jalapeños but I'm just a bit wimpy with that much spice. Tons of flavor!! The potato wedges were tasty too!! Can't wait to go back to try The Savannah!!! So glad you are in the neighborhood.This restaurant is just what east falls needed. The ambiance is nice, the food is delicious, and the staff is friendly. I would recommend this place.I really wanted to like this place. I really really did. However, it sucked. We had the breakfast with waffles, eggs, cheese, potatoes and avocado. First, it was weird because it was vegan but like...it has eggs. At that point, surrender to vegetarianism and lose the fake cheese and fake waffles. Again, really wanted to like it and it actually pains me to write this but this place won't last 6 months.Amazing food served by happy, informative people in a bright, fun restaurant!  Two of us shared The Savannah (amazing veggie burger), Tandoori Tacos, and a warmed PB cookie.  YUM!  I also recommend the Orange You Sweet juice and Golden Milk.    I can't wait to come back and sample more delicious, clean, happy food!  Thank you!  So happy you are in East Falls.Great food, and helpful, friendly staff. Such a great addition to the neighborhood! Prices are totally reasonable, and the vibe is unpretentious. Can't wait to try more of the menu.Second (take-out) visit tonight...tried The Savannah. Delicious!!! Looking forward to next time!!One of my favorite restaurants in Philly. This place is primarily vegan but serves eggs during brunch. The service is always friendly and attentive and the food comes out quickly. I have eaten most of the items on the menu and have found them all to be delicious, fresh, and flavorful. The items are well priced and portioned. I especially enjoyed the Shroomy Baked Mac N' Cheese and Ko Curry. My partner loves their brunch, especially the "Big Papa" Stacker.One of my favorite restaurants in Philly. This place is primarily vegan but serves eggs during brunch. The service is always friendly and attentive and the food comes out quickly. I have eaten most of the items on the menu and have found them all to be delicious, fresh, and flavorful. The items are well priced and portioned. I especially enjoyed the Shroomy Baked Mac N' Cheese and Ko Curry. My partner loves their brunch, especially the "Big Papa" Stacker.
I did not particularly enjoy the pad Thai, it needs some work on flavors but it was solid and eatable. The water is also self serve at the counter.
Space is nice and bright.You guys. The food here is delicious. You won't even realize it's all vegan. Because it just tastes so darn good. The frittata came out in a little bread pan and it was full to the brim with really good stuff. Cheesy eggs, flavorful beans, and golden potato slices. I promise you will feel so full after this. The skillet pancake was amaaaazing. So good! We loved the seeds and the sweet taste. What a treat. We were literally blown away by Milo.I wasn't impressed with my dish or the price point. If you're going to mimic Asian dishes, you better hit better notes in flavor and nuances, rather than covering it in salt, especially since authentic Asian cuisine is so readily available in Philly.  Skip this place and drive somewhere else.My 1st visit to the awaited opening of Milo did not disappoint!  The space is light, airy and welcoming.   I was overwhelmed by the vegan choices on the menu and settled in on the Ko Curry -- I literally wanted to put my entire face in it - that good!   Rich, creamy from the coconut milk,  just the right amounts of spice,  seitan,  pineapple and rice.   I want to try every vegan item on their menu board!
Will be back - many times!
Since first review,  I generally go back weekly and Chef Craig and crew never disappoint!  I love the Pad Thai,  every single taco,  the Savannah burger and the breakfast frittata.    Just last evening,  got the Hot Moroccan sandwich for the first time and it was deeelish.
Ignore the Milo nay-sayers on Yelp and make a visit,  see for yourself first hand.   There are many of us simply bringing friends and the word-of-mouth has helped this place take off and be appreciated for the shining star it is in this E. Falls neighborhood.   I have nothing but LOVE for Craig and what he is offering.This food is soooo good i love this place .I will be telling all my friends about this place.Wow, amazing sandwiches. Wife and I had the Hot Moroccan and the Bahn Mi and they were both fantastic. Probably the best vegan sandwiches Ive ever had.Came here for breakfast with my boyfriend we shared the Breakfast Bomber & the McMilo ~ both vegan!! Everything was so so yummy ! Can't wait to come back, definitely going to be regulars here !My mom and I have been here a few times. I think it's a great little neighborhood gem. It's nice not having to travel all the way downtown for vegan restaurants.
So far, I've enjoyed the Hot Moroccan, the Tinga Mushroom tacos, the Shroomy Mac and Cheese, and the KO Curry. I also had the Choc-o-nut smoothie. All delicious, but my favs so far would be the hot Moroccan, the smoothie, and mac and cheese.
I'm patiently waiting for them to get the Impossible Burger again so I can finally try the Savannah. And hopefully I'll make it there early enough to try their breakfast menu.
It's a small place that packs lots of flavor and delightful customer service. Highly recommend.Absolutely delicious food, and warm and welcoming staff. Tandoori Tacos, Pad Thai and Bahn mi are all over the top, in fact so good I'm going to have to force myself to order something new next time.
 Not  a vegetarian but no need to ever eat meat again with Milo around the corner. Last night was my second time and first time for my vegetarian friend who also loved it. I've been anxiously awaiting the opening and it was worth the wait, hands down.Skip it - lousy service by wait and cook staff who can't be bothered to deliver a good dining experience for patrons. Open front door welcoming in all, including bugs and flies (no screen) - does that even make sense? Pad Thai was a lump of noodles drowning in a heavy, thick, gloppy peanut sauce.Would be 5 stars because the food is incredible and WAS reasonably priced until they realized people liked their pad thai and jacked up their prices. Did you think people wouldn't notice?Cute joint with a hearty vegan and vegetarian menu. Every menu option brings a different flavor, from curries to sandwiches to mac and cheese. The space is open and inviting, the people are friendly, and the food is fresh and filling.
It's rare to find a full-vegetarian menu with ample vegan options that executes everything so well. I'll look forward to seeing how this space grows over the years and continues to provide a dope space for the people that come in for a bite to eat, a thick smoothie, or a cup of coffee.I went here for the first time today. I have the pho, and omg this broth is SO flavorful AND gluten free. I am sold! Can't wait to try their pad Thai next.I have tried on two separate occasions to give this place a try. Unfortunately each time they have been unable to service me. The first time I showed up at 8:50 on a Wednesday night and was told the kitchen was now closed because they close at 9pm. Somewhat understandable. No problem. I went back today (Saturday) at 3:26 pm. As soon as I walked in the young girl behind the counter informed me that they are closed from 2-4pm on Saturdays. Keep in mind the hours posted on yelp and on the door says otherwise. I bought this to her attention and she stated they were in the process of switching over to a dinner menu. I expressed to her my annoyance with the inconsistent information and their inability to serve me every time I visit. I most likely will not give this place a third chance. Also, please see the photo of the posted hours on the door....says nothing about being closed from 2-4 pm. Oh well...on to the next.My 1st visit to the awaited opening of Milo did not disappoint!  The space is light, airy and welcoming.   I was overwhelmed by the vegan choices on the menu and settled in on the Ko Curry -- I literally wanted to put my entire face in it - that good!   Rich, creamy from the coconut milk,  just the right amounts of spice,  seitan,  pineapple and rice.   I want to try every vegan item on their menu board!
Will be back - many times!!!We can't say enough about this place. It's a must for vegans/vegetarians in the area. We had the Cesar salad -- sorry we were so hungry I forgot to take a picture of the beautiful presentation -- it was Delicious! The Tinga Tacos were really good with a nice kick. And the Bella Pho was so so Good. To top off the night the chef came out and introduced himself to patrons and inquired about their selections. From the moment we walked through the door we were made to feel welcome. I would highly recommend Milo and look forward to returning soon.The Savannah!! Fantastic! Might be the best vegan burger I've ever had!! The service was nice. Friendly staff. Food was freshly prepared and packed with floor. I would definitely recommend this spot!Went for brunch on Saturday and it did not disappoint!! Food was delicious, the golden milk was incredibly warming and comforting AND yummy! Service was wonderful and kind.  The food came out fast too :) I'm so thankful to have a vegetarian restaurant in East Falls!! Thank you Milo, and welcome to the neighborhood!!This is a much needed healthy spot in a residential part of town. Smells great upon walking in. Everything on the menu is tempting but their breakfast is what separates them from the rest. Eggs made per order and the best almond milI've had in awhile . An overall clean vibe to the place.The food tasted delicious with lots of options. I had the kimchi tacos which are great. There are noodle dishes, 3 different types of tacos, sandwiches, smoothies, breakfast brunch items, etc.. The service was great& the place is really lean & well maintained. A great new vegan / vegetarian spot in Philadelphia, Pa.Delish! Flavorful and lots of yummy options to choose from. Only disappointment was the chai latte which tasted more like oat milk than chai... Looking forward to coming back and trying more menu items!It seems too good to be true - a restaurant with V Street quality vegan food on a commercial block of East Falls, with friendly, caring service, kombucha from Inspired Brews, large portions and reasonable prices.  This is my new favorite restaurant, in part because there just aren't that many restaurants at all in East Falls and this one is so magically wonderful.  The menu is creative and appealing; there are so many fresh, interesting ingredients in each dish, and I love that Milo is able to create yummy vegan food with minimal frying.  The dishes on the menu sound healthy, and they taste healthy.  The space is airy and light and comfortable, and there was a regular stream of take out orders and sit down diners, even in the middle of the afternoon.  I cannot wait to return.I am leaving a review half way through my meal. This food is amazing. If you have a bland palet, this is not the place for you. Truly a flavor explosion. Every plate was wonderful. Owner is a true chef. He looks to see if you are pleased with his creations. I am not a vegetarian, but my wife is. Both of our expectations were exceeded. We will be back!!After reading all the good reviews .i Ordered the savannah burger to go and it did not disappoint! Taste like a real burger . Condiments complimented the burger well . Good enough to fool a non vegan/vegetarian ! Food was ready in 15 min. Atmosphere was nice. Overall I will be returning!Chef Craig has done it again!  This time vegetarian style.  
His new restaurant is mostly vegan with some eggs.  The staff is super knowledgable about what is vegan.
I'm eating a delicious vegan bahn mi now as I type this!  I'm the wimp who has to pull off the jalapenos. 
They have vegan and non vegan goodies for desert too.  Currently serving goodies from Crust Vegan Bakery.
This place is BYOB and super cute. Can't wait to get back there in a few days to try more!The food at Milo is great, but they ARE NEVER OPEN.   I'm vegan and live near by and try to go frequently during their posted business hours and 90% of the time it's closed.  I just tried to go there right now,  11:30 on a Saturday, CLOSED.  ***UPDATED REVIEW***
Just TRIED to go to Milo, 11:30 on a Sunday, CLOSED!  I'm done.  Another weekend hangover destroyed by hopes of eating at Milo.Enjoyed their vegan brunch frittata. I want to return and try their regular menu. Prices seem a bit high but the food is excellent and the atmosphere pleasant.It is always a great day, when your friend calls you up on Sunday morning  and invites you to an exciting new place in philly.  Milo is fun, cool and so good!  I put it right up there with Vedge.  If you are a foodie this is your kind of place.Food is great but the service really lacks. Hoping they can fix that because the food is what keeps me coming back.It's ok, and I really hope it gets better. They don't serve their egg dishes after noon, even on the weekends, so not a good place for a later brunch. Then today we got there around 11 and they said they aren't serving egg dishes because the chef isn't there. Sounds like they have some management/staff issues.
We've been successful ordering several times, with some good, some mediocre results. I recommend passing on the tempeh bacon. Mushroom mac and cheese was decent. Savannah burger was good. It'd be nice if they added bagels and muffins, but it's their menu of course.
Ordering is weird. If dining in they don't want you to order at the counter (though that would be the natural approach), tell you someone will come around, but then don't give you menus so you still need to use the chalk board behind the counter.It's about time we get some healthy food in East Falls. 
Can't believe how well they executed breakfast on day two of opening, I even came back for lunch.
First time I've ever had Tempeh Bacon and now I'm hooked. 
Also, the best Iced Americano I've had in a long time.  That extra espresso shot really made it just how I like it.If you want healthy food with vegan options, this is your spot! I love their banh mi and their vegan Mac and cheese  It's also nice that they have kombucha on tap!I've eaten a lot of food at Milo now, having just moved in around the corner. YUM. The mushroom tacos, the bahn mi, the pad thai -- all delicious. I also love the orange ginger drink, super refreshing and not super sweet. Everyone who works there is also really nice.Wowwwzzaaaaa this is by far the best Vegan / Plant Based / Vegetarian place outside of center city hands down! Don't let the "lunch vibe seating" distract you. The food is amazing! The shroomy mac n cheese is out of this world! Hot Moroccan sandwich is huge and delicious. Highly recommend  the Kurly Kale salad too! 
Big portions, fresh fresh ingredients and good prices too! Looking forward to coming back soon - let's make sure this place kicks ass in East Falls!The food was good - would return for that. Liked the mac + cheese the most. The service not so much... Our server wasn't the most friendly or engaging person. Almost felt like we weren't welcome except when it was time to pay the bill + leave a tip. Smiled at us, but not with the eyes. Seemed to engage others, especially people she knew just fine. (The low rating is only because we didn't feel very welcome. Again thought the food was pretty good. They'd do well in Portland. )I had a little time to kill between appointments so I searched for a restaurant in the area. Milo came up, and since I'm eating vegan these days, I thought I'd check it out.  I am so glad I did!  The atmosphere is relaxed but inviting, the music is really great, the food is AMAZING, and the service is attentive without being overly so.  I will definitely come back here!