I've never even been to Minar Palace, but their delivery has been amazing every time I've had it, so for sure, 5 stars.
Here's the thing. When I'm with my family (my brother & SIL live around the corner, my parents come in from Harrisburg often to see us), Indian food is something we ALL like. It's a cuisine friendly to both omnivores & vegans, so that's what we get, and Minar Palace hasn't let us down once.
Their samosas are awesome. Their rice is fantastic. And their channa masala rocks my world. 
Highly recommend. Just writing this review makes me hungry...I think I might order delivery tonight!
Update 5/8/13:
I actually ate AT Minar last night for the first time. The service was excellent, the atmosphere was nice, and the presentation of the food was phenomenal. Also, I was in really great company.If I need to satisfy a craving and can't trek to W. Philly, I come here for proximity's sake. I would definitely recommend ordering a la carte if you're with someone. All the goat and lamb dishes are good. The saag dishes definitely taste like they use frozen spinach- although they aren't necessarily bad. I would just skip it. 
It's a totally decent BYO, don't come here expecting 5 star service.  They are not open late and will rush you out (this has happened to me multiple times). They're not particularly pleasant, either. So, when we eat here we just expect it and laugh when it inevitably happens.My girlfriend and I went using a Groupon.  Service staff seated us immediately, brought water and gave us menus.  Then we waited for a bit.  Other customers waited for a bit.  One woman approached the server to let him know she was ready to order.  After that, we waited some more.  FINALLY, our server took our order.  We had the goat curry, vegetable curry, and two kinds of naan.  
The flavors missed the mark.  I couldn't taste much more than salt, pepper, and chili.  It felt like they used frozen veggies for the curry (string beans...really?).  The goat curry was fine. Service during the meal picked up-- we were asked about 4-5 times if we wanted anything else.  Then, we waited and waited for the check.  Finally, they brought the check with 18% gratuity already in place.  If you have gratuity built in for 2 people, then there is no incentive for a server to have a good attitude or perform well.  
I guess I'll have to go to West Philly or Tiffin for something more flavorful.I went here for the lunch buffet which is priced at $10. Considering the area, that's really not a bad price. 
The good is that they have the staples: naan, semosas, rice, salad, and the favorite dishes. It was empty-ish and the staff was friendly. 
The food was a bit bland in my opinion. The chicken tikka misala was just okay. The naan was not quite fluffy or too flavorful. The semosa was the best thing I had. It was quite tasty. I think my tastes are just used to a bit more of a flavorful Indian experience.Food is good quality, but only issue is the service is a bit strange with server I have.Our food (chicken makhana and chicken tikka masala) were pretty good. Just standard Indian food but still good and tasty, and the spices were good. Naan bread was amazing though -- VERY fresh. Interior was pretty small and dim. Fancy looking but not actually fancy; straightforward dishes and decent prices. Not many people here. It was the Friday of the Valentine's day weekend, and all the other places were packed and their waiting times were too long, but this place was pretty empty. Server seemed a bit impatient to get us to order something.I ate at the legendary old Minar Palace.  I thought it sucked.  The new Minar Palace, though much better decorated, also sucks.  I had hoped that the new Minar Palace would have fare that was not incredibly greasy, but was disappointed.  I had hoped that it would have decent naan bread, but, again, was disappointed.  The staff is friendly and nice, and I wish I could like their food more, but I don't.  If you want good Indian food, try Karma in Old City or New Delhi in University City.  Those places rock.Took some friends from work to this restaurant last weekend. At the time thought the food was a 3, atmosphere 1-2. Then the painful diarrhea happened and just wouldn't go away. And so stinky! Missed work for two days. Apparently some others missed work too. 
I'm a regular at many Indian restaurants throughout the world, esp. London (best one at 7 dials). Never had this problem. 
Place to avoid unless you have extremely tough guts.Good prices, and huge portions!  We chose Minar Palace for the price and the fact that they deliver.  
We were happy with our lamb masala and a lentil dish, which were tasty and spicy.    Don't order extra rice since EACH entree comes with its own plate of rice.  The samosas were amazing, and very spicy in my opinion.I'm glad I got raita, but wish I had ordered a larger portion to temper the spiciness.  The mango lassi was also quite good. 
Solid delivery place - cheap, good quality, wide variety and healthy portions!I've been looking for this place forever since they shut down on 18th Samson. Soooo good. Oh my god! I'm so glad I found this place. Great food and service. Gotta try their vindaloo, amazingI thought we were out of luck when El Vez had over an hour wait on a Friday evening, but we were seated immediately at this traditional, Zagat-rated Indian restaurant in center city. It's been open since 1991 and at this location since 2008. The new location is apparently more elegant, as I didn't see any of the paper plates that some reviews mention. They have a menu and a buffet, even in the evening. It's BYOB, and there's no corkage fee. The buffet was great.I love this place! Fast delivery! Food is soooo yummy!!! I get the chicken tikka masala, minar sampler, onion naan, kheer and gulab jamun for dessert. It's so good that I just tried to order more today after just ordering all of that food yesterday. Or I'm just a pig :)Food tastes fresh and delicious. The service is too efficient, very quick at getting the used dishes. The place is quite clean.I used to like this place a lot. But over the past year, the quality of the food has declined, and the quality of the service has really deteriorated. The staff are rude, and the food is just OK. It is not the kind of really yummy Indian food that is worth the trip. If I ate there, I would only eat from the buffet, as the a-la-carte prices are too high.
My eyes were opened when I tried Indie Blue right around the corner. I ordered from both Minar AND Indie Blue at the same time. From Indie Blue I ordered Chicken Tikka Masala and Naan. From Minar, I ordered Saag Paneer and Malai Kofta.
Well...The Saag Paneer was bland, and the Malai Kofta tasted bitter / burned, like they were deep fried in oil that hadn't been changed in a while. Yuck.
The food from Indie Blue, however, was delicious. The prices there are a lot higher, but in my opinion, it is justified, as the food at Minar has fallen to a level that I just can't justify for the a-la-carte prices they command.
So I would have been happy to stick with their buffet option, which is acceptable in my opinion, but not great. However, my last few visits have not been what I would call "friendly", which is a shock to me, since I used to be a weekly / regular customer.
it seems like their business is off lately as well, as they are not as busy, and the place often sits completely empty at times when it used to be partly occupied. I can see why.I should preface by saying that this is a BUFFET review. Not a menu or delivery review. The restaurant was chosen because it is BYOB and located within walking distance to the Kimmel Center. The service was fast, but the main waiter was a bit awkward to deal with. He would mumble and hover a lot even though the restaurant was empty save a few other tables. The buffet looked okay, I should have gone with gut and not done it, but my boyfriend was interested so we went ahead. The chicken masala was really dry and some of the food tasted like it had been there a while.Meh. Totally meh. Honestly, not real Indian food. I mean, they didn't even use Basmati rice to make their biriyani! That's unbelievable! I'll never order biriyani from there again. They should be ashamed of their biriyani. In fact, as Indians they should know better than to call THAT biriyani. Sorry, try again Minar Palace.
Eat biriyani somewhere else.We ended up here by happenstance. Lucky us!! There were a couple of other places we tried but they were too busy. We were seated right away here. The service was good and the food was excellent. We ordered from the menu so I am unable to comment on the buffet but if it's anything like the entrees we got then I'd recommend it. The decor is pleasant and interesting and I loved the music they had on. It set the mood for dinner but wasn't too loud. All three of my teenagers were very happy with their meals, including one vegetarian. Portions were just right. And reasonably priced. Indian restaurants usually have a few good choices for her and this place has many.  I will return for certain.This review is for take out- not for the buffet- although I think some of my food came from the buffet. 
I ordered 2 vegetarian dishes- Malai Kofta and a paneer dish and both were greasy and watery- not sure how that happened. Naan was wet- like it was dipped in water. Rice and samosas tasted old- like they had been sitting around on the buffet for a while. No thanks- back to Ekta and Tiffin I go.I love Minar Palace. I don't come for the buffet. I eat off the menu, and usually the vegetarian menu, even though I am not actually vegetarian. I always ask to sit in the front of the restaurant so I can look out the window and watch city life. Great Center City location.Decent food, fair prices, good location. I would eat there again if I was in the area.My fiancé and I eat here all the time, and I absolutely love this place for lunch and dinner takeout!  Definitely try the Chicken Makhani - I think they have the best in town.   My experience with service has ranged from excellent to so-so . . . I think it is all about who is working when you are there.  Give it a shot!Definitely solid Indian. The atmosphere is as traditional as an American Indian restaurant can be. Dim lighting, Indian music and Chicken Tikka Masala, what more could any ask for? The dinner buffet offers 6 dishes, and I was truly surprised due to the fact, you usually only are given 3-4 options. You won't be disappointed dinning here.I used to be a loyal customer but not anymore! I usually go there with a group of friends because the food is delicious. However, once I was waiting for someone to give me the menus for almost 20 minutes then I realized that I'm not welcome! Then, I decided to leave! Since that I have never went there! It is disgrace! Oh by the way I'm not White American so probably that's why they have been rude to us!I really liked minar palace.  BYOB, a ton of space, and everyone who works there is very nice and accommodating. 
my boyfriend and I went here on a very rainy friday night and we were  looking for something warm and comforting.  we found it at Minar.  
first and foremost - this place KNOWS what it means to be vegan.  they know what has dairy, what is cooked in butter, what has eggs, and they are very clear about the menu items and ingredients. 
At a few points when our server did not know the answer, he went back to the kitchen and came out with a response. 
i do prefer ekta still to minar but i liked this place a LOT!Could not decide whether to give one or two stars. Three friends and I went here because all the restaurants on 13th St had an hour or more wait. This place had no wait; in fact, very few table were taken. That should have told us something! We arrived at 805pm on a balmy Wednesday night during the week of the Flower Show. The waiter was incredibly rude the entire time we were there. The food was decent but nothing to rave about. The shrimp was rubbery; the chicken, lamb and saag paneer were good. Small amount of rice for 4 people ordering 4 dishes. The biggest impression that all of us got was that the waiter was SO RUDE we will never go back. And we were kicked out very firmly at 9pm. Rude, rude, rude.My absolute favorite Indian Restaurant in town... and I've tried them all.  I am always on search for the best lamb saag and chicken tikka masala, and they continue to be my favorite to order, especially for the price.  While I think tiffin is a little better taste wise, they do not give you as much and they cost more.  They always have a pan of rice for each meal you order, which makes a HUGE difference.  They include all the necessary ingredients, and if you want it extremely spicy... be careful because you will get what you ask for.  I really like everything I've ordered from there, except for the chicken biryani.  Also, the $10 lunch buffet is probably the best deal in the city... but I always call and make sure they have lamb or goat saag on there for me to really enjoy it.  If you haven't tried those... this is the place to do it at!  
Delivery is also on time at minimum, usually early for me... and we order it probably at least twice a week.  I just wish they had longer hours!Best Indian food in the city! I've tried them all, and decided firmly on Minar. Then I had an Indian roommate who claimed it was the most authentic Bhiryani that he's had since leaving India. Can't beat that!If you don't care much about quality, this place is alright. The food is mediocre at best. We have come here twice now for dinner buffet but I don't think I'll be returning. Options were very limited. There were only 2-3 vegetarian options both times. The palak paneer did not even have paneer in it, but rather cubes of potato. You have to specifically ask for the dessert that is included in your buffet otherwise they'll not give it to you. Only good thing here is the samosas.When it's pouring outside and you don't feel like going out to eat, ordering in is always a great option!
I came home one day to find Minar Palace's menu stuck under my door. I put it aside because I love Indian food and wanted to try it one day. Granted, I'm not Indian nor do I have many Indian friends so who knows if what I like is really "authentic." =P
Anyway, it seemed like the perfect thing to have after I got home the other day, soaking wet from the monsoon rains outside. Delivery was very fast-- it took about 15 minutes. Unfortunately, there was a mishap with paying; they brought the wrong receipt, causing my fiance to have to withdraw money from the ATM in our building's lobby (and incurred a fee, boo). He came back up miffed, but the food totally made up for it!
For $17, we got a LOT of saag paneer and chicken makhani (my two favorites). Rice even came with each dish, plus salad (we opted out for the bread). 
We ate til we were stuffed and still had a lot left over. Come to think of it, it would have fed another person pretty well. 
As for the receipt incident, my fiance called the restaurant and was satisfied with their customer service. They backed out the credit card charge and took care of the other guy who had signed our receipt.Decided to stop by being that I was craving indian food, went in they had a very small buffet definitely not a lot of options, the togo buffet was $13.99 price was high if you ask me. Buut the food was good,  I gave a three star because the food was good, took away a star because the price was too high and toom away another star because very limited buffet option.my favorite indian joint in philly just got even favoriter! on a recent visit, i noticed vegan-friendly coding on the menu. rad! (see photos.) i don't think the menu itself has actually changed, but now any hesitation to order due to a possible language barrier should be a nonissue. there are also plenty of regular vegetarian and non-vegetarian items to choose from.
like everyone else i'm sure, i sure do miss the $5 takeout from the greasy spoon location on sansom, but walnut street has finally completed its metamorphosis into a swanky destination by offering REAL silverware and china plates. i can't finish the $8.95 veggie plate (two entree options.) this is a great place to be a cheap date without looking like a cheapskate (as well as a great place to be a vegan without looking like a vegan.) it's super nice and clean in here, and everyone loves indian food. especially the chick you're taking out to dinner here.I have to agree, the decor looks nice when you arrive, and I don't really mind the disposable utensils and plates, but this place is only mediocre.
Our waiter really didn't seem to care too much about us, and really barely mumbled when I asked him a question about the menu. I was never sure I was even going to get what I ordered.
The food was actually not bad (I just had lentils and rice and my friends actually liked their meat dishes), but the naan was definitely pita bread, which is utterly ridiculous and reason enough not to go back.
The strangest thing was that when the waiter came to ask if we wanted water, he would only pour a small fraction of a glass at a time, and just kept coming back every few minutes repeating this.
I don't frequent india places here, but there has to be a better place (right?)My boyfriend and I went to Minar Palace around 8PM on a Friday, so unfortunately we missed the buffet. We both ordered lamb curry dishes are were very impressed with how tender the meat was. We felt that everything was spiced well and tasted wonderful. We've been trying out a few Indian places around the city and Minar Palace is our favorite so far! Also, service was swift, attentive, and friendly. Great experience!Minar Palace is a great choice for affordable Indian food in Center City. I have been there four times over the past several months and every time I have left satisfied. There is now a buffet, which is good, however, I would still recommend ordering from the menu.What a great dinner buffet! Delicious food and a great value. My favorites on the menu like chicken tikka masala and navartan vegetarian curry.  Also, the waiters are always nice to us when we come in.  But delivery is inconsistent...got sick once.One of the few Indian places that offer dinner buffet, though if you are spoiled by weekly visits to Sitar India like me, don't get your expectations high. Small selection, mostly vegetarian, no tandoori chicken or goat curry (which for me account for roughly 80% of the appeal of an Indian meal). What they do offer is not particularly memorable either. 
Three stars for good location, service and price.Came here with a few coworkers during lunch and noticed that it was pretty empty. There were 3 tables marked as reserved even though there were ample open tables, so that threw me off. The lunch buffet seem very bare bones. Plenty of vegetarian choices, a couple of non-vegetarian choices, but I was absolutely floored that there was no tandoori chicken. Huh??!? To me, that's an Indian buffet staple! There weren't a lot of choices. The food was good, but seemed very, very mild in comparison to other Indian buffets I've been to. I wouldn't go as far as calling it bland, but it was seriously lacking the spice level. A highlight was the goat saag. It had some bones in it, but that was easily the best thing they had. I was also surprised that you had to ask for desert at the buffet and it wasn't something that is sitting out. There is only one option depending on the day. Not sure if the lack of options is because of the lack of clientele or what, but I would rather go elsewhere if I am seeking a Indian buffet.Food is incredible! The service is why my friends and I keep coming back. The waiters add a welcomed personality that you don't usually get at Asian-based restaurants.  I hope that you are all lucky enough to have Jerin working when you go there. This guy is the perfect blend of funny and professional and truly has developed a strong relationship with me and my group of friends. The fact that the waiters can be sociable and funny at the same time is a huge plus. My friends and I always have a great time which is great since Indian Food is one of our faves!
Decor inside is very clean and modern.  And its BYOB...Highly recommend for causal dinner with friends.
Prices are VERY reasonable for center city.Had my life's worst biryani today, didn't understand was it a desert or a entourage. Just purely disappointed. The chicken vindaloo was good though which I pretty much had to mix with the biryani n have a sweet n spicy combo. If I had to take so much pains I would have asked u to give me vindaloo rice n not a goat biryani separate.Buffet is good..  The food in buffee taste good... But no Briyanni in buffee... If u are fan of Briyanni don't order it here...Greatest value for interesting and delicious buffet, conveniently located to central city.  Decor is warm and classy.  Wait staff happy and friendly.  Wonderful assortment of vegetarian dishes and yummy chicken and goat dishes as well.  The bargain buffet even included table dessert service of pistachio ice cream (kulfi) and rice pudding.Buffet is $14.  Not by the pound so if you only take a little you will still pay $14.   Service is horrible.  Employees are miserable.  No tondoori chicken in buffett.   Chicken in chicken masala was dry.  Better options around.  This place is empty and dark for a reason.Great decor the place look very nice, prompt service.  That's about all the good I can say about the place.  The menus were delivered to us and amazingly everything was a very reasonable price.  Lots of selection but the first hint that something might be going awry was when our water came in plastic, picnic cups.  My wife and I looked at each other and laughed a bit but we were ok with it, I mean big deal.  Wouldn't it be funny if the whole meal came out on paper and Styrofoam?  Well... it came out on plastic.  Plastic bowls, plates and silverware.  Shrugging it off we tried the food.  Not great, very low quality.  I asked for a coffee at the beginning of the meal and it didn't arrive till the end, not a great paper cup of joe, either.  That is when a matron in the back began to harangue an employee... so we tossed some money down and booked it out of Minar.  I suggest you do the same.
Oh yes, the whole time you're assaulted with indian 'pop' music.  pass.3 or 4 vegan options on their À la cart menu. nice presentation. wonderful flavors. great prices.We ordered dinner from here last night using Ubereats.  Delivery took about 45 minutes which was not bad. We had Garlic Naan, Minar sampler, Goat Korma and Lamb Jalfrezi. The food was hot when delivered and very good. We have tried 4 different Indian restaurants so far using Ubereats and this is our favorite so far.i MUST have minar whenever i visit my sis in philly.  the food is very very good.  probably the best indian food i've had (comparing to places in boston, ny, and san diego).  and it's cheap to boot.  does it get any better??  i just wish i lived in the same city...I'm not familiar with Indian food nor have I ever had it before today so i asked the guys at Minar to give me something for beginners. They chose the chicken and rice and it was perfect. Just enough spice to add a little kick and the flavors in the rice were great. Definitely coming back to try more of the menu!Most of the food is reheated when ordered from the menu. The Biriyani is not authentic and should be passed. The buffet selection is solid, but most of the food is cold. The waiter really doesn't speak much. I like the samosas and the daal tadka so I don't mind most of these things. However, if it wasn't for the proximity to my job, and home I would be at Sitar India.Minar Palace offers great Indian food at good prices.  My boyfriend is a loyal follower of the Friday lunch special, the Chicken Chili.  The atmosphere is casual, but the food is exceptional.  The naan bread and samosas are must haves.  The chicken tikka masala and the lamb biryani are delicious.
Minar Palace is one of my two favorite places in the city for Indian food (the other is New Delhi in West Philly, to give you an idea of my tastes).While the food was alright (I was expecting a little more punch from the Narvatan Curry), the ambiance of the restaurant was confusing. There were slick, mahogany tables with flowers on them. Everything looked fresh and new. However we ate on paper plates and used plastic utensils. It was just an odd experience. I couldn't figure out if Minar was a restaurant or a fast food place.Ah, Minar Palace. I was so sad when they closed your old location, which had all the ambiance of a cafeteria in some sort of dreary old folks home, and then knocked the whole building down for good measure. 
I was so thrilled when you reopened in a centrally located new space that happens to be lovely on the inside. I am disappointed that you still use plastic or styrofoam everything (maybe you bought in bulk for the old place, and you'll bust out the real dishes once all the plastic forks are gone? One can hope, at least.) 
Between the demise of the old location and the advent of the new, an upstart newcomer called Tiffin raised the bar for Indian food in Philly. But, Minar Palace, you have my heart, and when I crave malai kofta, saag paneer, perfectly crispy papadum or a rosewater lassi, you're the first place I call. I'm just glad you've been staying open later recently so I have a chance of getting through.Not good at all.Very few item in the manu and not great test as well.I would suggest Karma instead.Excellent food and service! prices are very reasonable. They have a lunch buffet.One if the best vegetarian restaurants in the city. Also one of the best Indian restaurants. Of course they have meat but no need to eat animals when vegetables taste so great!! I've been eating their food for 25 years. They used to be on Samson street and it was a real hole in the wall. The restaurant on Walnut is very pretty the food is as good as ever and the prices make it one of the best values in the city. If you love Indian food skip all the trendy places and visit the real deal!Unfortunately I have to give this place only two stars. I have been here many times. Let me start with the buffet. It is hit or miss. They do occasionally have interesting dishes like keema peas and eggplant. But their chicken tikka masala is so watery. Their chicken korma is also extremely watered down and lacks any sort of korma cocunut scrumptuousness. I came here and tried the lamb biryani, which I use as a bench mark for quality. It was awful. After that I decided not to return. It is the more expensive of the two Indian buffet options in the immediate area, and honestly, not the better in my opinion.Indian Fast food. Period. The location is convenient and the service is quick. But I would not send anyone here who is looking for quality Indian cuisine. 
The meat is always over cooked. And the food is served on disposable plates with plastic utensils, something I would willingly overlook if the food tasted better. Not that its totally bad. For the price and proximity to the city, you get, well, fast food. It fills you up, but it's nothing to write home about.
I remember when I first moved here, I would ask around for a great place to get Indian food. I was meet with thoughtful sighs and was told that when Minar Palace closed, so did the last great place to get Indian food in the city. So, I was stoked when this place re-opened in this new location. I was so ready to try the food that so many Philadelphians thought was lost - but alas, I was totally underwhelmed by the experience. 
This is a great place to grab a quick bit to eat. But you can find better flavors and better cooked Indian food in the city. You just have to look for it.This is serious Indian food ! Delicious! Major drawback is service is absolutely terrible and rude. No beer or wine served , but a wine store is 2 blocks away and may be consumed at restaurant . Very cheap prices for authentic food.First stop in Philly: Indian lunch buffet. After reading countless reviews on a number of places, I was excited to see this place near our hotel. Being an Indian food lunch buffet connoisseur, I felt confident that I had chosen the right place. Rarely do we have a mediocre dining experience, but unfortunately this was one of those times. The food was just too darn spicy! The tiki masala could have been a tad creamier. The naan was too doughy, if that makes sense. The dessert, gulab jamun, was not as sweet and did not have the rose-water flavoring that I am used to. I didn't even finish half of one ball, and for me, that's unheard of. 
The waitstaff was attentive and were always around with a refill and quick to clean up our plates. But alas, the food is what it's all about and this was a miss for us.I was in Philly with my two daughters last weekend for an audition at UArts.  We were wandering around Center City looking for a place to eat before heading back to the hotel for the night.  Snow was falling and while it was lovely, we were getting colder by the minute.  We happened upon Minar Palace and decided to give it a try.  After being warmly welcomed by our waiter we all opted for the dinner buffet.  OMG!!  The best Indian buffet we've ever had, and we live in NYC where we've tried many,many Indian restaurants.  The food was clean and perfectly seasoned and accompanied by freshly made aromatic rice and fabulous green and tamarind sauces.  We left warmed and happy and ready to face the polar vortex back to our hotel.  We'll definitely be back - in the spring!Average indian dinner buffet. Good for a convenient quickie dinner with a large group of friends.Whenever I'm up for some good Indian food this is my go to place. Alone or with friends I have never had a bad experience. I recommend the Lamb Vindaloo. I'm picky on certain foods and they definitely will nail the vindaloo recipe for my tastebuds.Friday special Chicken Chilli is a must have.. There buffet has many options to choose from the food is so good. I go there often and the staff is very friendly. Best food in town.. try mango lassi it's so delicious!The samosa chaat here is excellent. Easily one of my favorites. Prices can get a little high for lunch after you factor in bread and a drink, but the chaat portions are big enough for a meal. 
The decor is nice on the inside. You order at a counter, and everything comes out on plastic ware, which is kind of confusing, but easy to get passed.This place is tucked away with a black awning right next to the very brightly lit yogurt place on Walnut.  I must have walked past this place 35 times without noticing it at all.
However, when I searched for Indian in center city on yelp, this place came up - so I went in with a friend on a Friday night around 7:30. It wasn't busy at all, and there were plenty of open tables. The servers were very friendly, great menu selection, food came quickly. We took wine with us, and while they didn't have a bucket of ice for it, they were very accommodating. They weren't overbearing - and we stayed until 9 when they closed and were not rushed out the door at all.
We both ordered vegetarian dishes - I had the saag paneer and she had channa saag I believe. Both were tasty. I really liked the rice; it had a nice flavor. We ordered naan which was pretty good too. There was plenty of food, and our total bill was $17.12!! 
I will definitely be coming back to this place. I won't say it's the best Indian in the city, but considering their entrees are considerably cheaper, it's a BYO, and in Center City  - there are more pluses than minuses.The food was good. The prices were good. We had the buffet, so the quantity was good. I recommend the vegetarian dishes on the buffet. In particular, the eggplant was great, but the chicken was a little dry. I had a rice pudding for dessert which nicely settled the stomach. But be warned - this place is BYOB.The flavors at Minar Palace are watered down. The korma, yogurt sauce, naan... just kind of bland. I've only ordered takeout from Minar Palace, so I don't know what the restaurant is actually like. For a few dollars more, I'll just go with palace at the Ben for all of my Indian food needs.I have ordered from here a handful of times and mainly ordered Goat Saag, which was good, but mainly bones. Ordered naan once and it was chewy and not completely cooked. Yesterday I ordered lamb vindaloo and the "lamb" was most definitely beef! There is no doubt of that, and on top of that the dish was all spice and no flavor.Great lunch buffet although not too many choices. 
The atmosphere was friendly and clean. The waitstaff was attentiveI will not be returning to Minar in the future.  The food was terrible, we found something hard and bone like in the chicken and the lamb dish was either really bad or they gave me goat on accident.  They were nice enough when we picked up the food though... 
I'll be sticking with Sitar.I was really excited to go to Minar Palace.  I had extremely high hopes...  which were shot down to the ground the second I got my entree.  Oily, flavorless (though spicy...  but spice does not = flavor).  I won't go back...  which is sad because I was sorta hoping for some cheap Indian awesomeness.  And really, it's not worth being cheap if it's not worth eating.Took my mom here for her birthday lunch since she loves Indian food.The mango Lassi tasted nothing like a Lassi. There was no taste of yogurt in there. Tasted like it was poured out of a box. The chicken Biryani was not the traditional made Biryani, more like rice tossed in chicken curry. There were literally white rice balls that weren't mashed well into this "chicken fried rice" which they call a Biryani. The goat curry and chicken tikka masala were good. Customer service was good as well.This place has solid Indian food. Not too pricey and it doesn't make my tummy hurt, unlike a place about a block and a half away. The best deal here is the buffet, not the take out. I made that mistake before and I won't do it again.I have to say I have never been to an Indian restaurant before or had Indian food for that matter so my review may be a bit biased.  However the people I went with have had Indian food at many places before and they seemed to agree with what I thought about the place.  First and foremost the staff was top notch they were quick got the orders right and we never had to wait for anything.  Second the food, the food, the friggin food was the most amazing thing I have ever tasted I had the tandoori chicken on recommendation of my roommates and I was in freaking heaven they slow cooked the meat with spices for 24 hours so the meat is nice and red.  Not spicy either just really flavorful.  You could tell how awesomely and properly it was prepared when you bit into the chicken and saw the red all the way through not just on top so you could see it really sunk into the meat.  I would come here again in a heartbeat for 3 people with drinks appetizers and 3 meals it was 50$ you will walk out full and very happy.  Get the Tandoori chicken too because the spices will stay on your lips for a day maybe more and you will sit there and lick then for the awesome flavor.If your English go here. AMAZING have not even had any Indian food remotely close to this quality, in this city.
Yes yes yes thank you.The worst restaurant I've ever seen .they tried to deceive me once they brought the check .Place was pretty good.  The main entree portions were a tad small compared to the better mom and pop stores in University City.  However, the naan and basmati rice were large and very filling.  Tandoor oven too!  The curry was very flavorful and the waitstaff were very attentive and helpful especially since I was recently introduced to indian cuisine.  Will definitely be coming back soon!A very pleasant surprise!!
From outside, Minar Palace doesn't look like much, and when you just come in, and look at the counter, there is the menu on top (sort of like American fast food chains). Then, you go through the menu, and judging by the prices you are about to pay, you are probably expecting just average, maybe mediocre Indian food....well, no no.
Minar has really good Indian food, and if feels really authentic too. Rich, flavorful, and just the right amount of spice (at least for my taste).
We shared the brinjal bartha, which was a delicious mashed roasted eggplant dish with the lamb massala, accompanied by some alu paratha, a naan stuffed with mashed potatoes and Indian spices. It all came together really nice, with the perfect amount of food.
Service was ok, the place was not even that busy, and it took a while for us to be seated. But after that, it got better, our server got a little more friendly.
I would definitely go back.I like this place a lot for takeout, but this was the first time that I actually ate dinner at the restaurant itself. I was thoroughly unimpressed by the service. We sat down to eat after being seated by the host; after we placed our order, a different waiter came back and immediately told us to get up as we were sitting at someone else's table. I would have felt terrible except 1) the people he was referring to got to the restaurant later than we did and most certainly were NOT sitting there and 2) nothing on the table had been touched (aka nobody had been sitting there)! Our other waiter clearly felt bad but wow, talk about poor manners. 
More importantly,  the food was also quite blah- there are plenty of other Indian restaurants in this city that have better food. The food was super bland, the rice was overcooked, and just overall we didn't have a great experience. But maybe it was a fluke.I'm not a fan of indian food so I would actually give this place a 2 or 3 for my tastes but that's unfair since the food tasted very authentic, the prices were good, and the service was attentive. 
My friend got this chicken curry in a tomato sauce, and I got the fried vegetables. They were very greasy so I probably would have preferred the chicken curry. I'd recommend this place for those who love indian but if you have a friend who doesn't like it there's really nothing else on the menu that they could get. Nothing "safe" as I'd put it. Also our waiter couldn't explain to me what curry was and he didn't really understand what I was saying so it was hard to get help on what to order that was mild.Solid Indian food at cheap prices. And its BYO as long as you don't mind drinking your favorite wine out of a plastic cup. Service can be a little disorganized, and they stop seating people at 8pm.