Came in for a quick bite as I am still trying to hack the cheap sushi scene in Philadelphia. 
After seeing that the prices weren't so express I decided to go with one roll.  No spicy salmon was left so I ended up with spicy tuna.  
All in all the sushi was okay, but for roughly $7.50 for six pieces I expect to be a bit more blown away.  If i'm eating cheap sushi, that's fine I have made my bed and I will sleep in it full but I unfortunately don't plan on going back.The best lunch time sushi in the area.
I've eaten sushi at a few other places in this immediate area and they make me feel all tingly (in a bad way) after eating.  I've eaten Misora for two years now and never had a bad bite. Thanks!Seems like a lot has changed here in the past year. Brighter, cleaner and the food is not just good - it's delicious. Serving sizes are generous and the staff is awesome. Have had the salads (which are huge) and the sushi - very fresh and the rolls are to die for. I go at least 2xs a week. Noticed they have bento boxes to go now too - might be going in everyday now that I'm saving some time. Would be great if they delivered.They recommended the honeydew bubble tea. The honeydew flavor was great but the tapioca was undercooked and flavorless.I go here for lunch if I want a good bento box.  They have the biggest bento boxes, with the most choices in center city area.   However, the actual sushi selection is very small, they don't have lunch specials for 2 rollls w/ soup or salad... nope... just a huge selection of bento boxes.  I've had the bbq eel bento, salmon bento, K-bob bento (scallop, shrimp, salmon, peppers & onions), and the tuna roll bento.  All were really good, but they put too much sauce on top of the main entree dish which i always scrape off so its not so many calories.  But, overall, its good food (not great, but not bad), and you get alot of food (bento boxes only).
There is alot of seating inside which is nice, but I always get to-go.
Prices are steep for lunch, but I love how they take LEVEL-UP so you can work toward discounts. 
Overall, don't order sushi unless you're willing to spend $20 for some good rolls.  Get a bento box, they are huge with lots of ingredients.   For actual sushi rolls combo, I go to the sushi bar in the Liberty Place food court.Great deals for lunch!
Decided to meet a friend in the city for lunch and ended up in Misora.  They have a great selection of bento box lunch specials at reasonable prices.  You'll get miso soup, house salad, half a california roll, seaweed salad, rice,and another thing or two ON TOP of your entree choice.  Don't worry, they don't put quantity ahead of quality.This is my favorite sushi spot in all of Philadelphia! I've been going here for 6 years now and I love it! The owners and staff are super friendly. They have the freshest salmon I've ever had. Must try the spicy crunchy salmon roll. I wish they were located closer to Old City because I'd eat there daily.I rarely, if ever, comment about products and services even when I have been disappointed by them.  But I feel compelled to do so about the sushi I got from Misora.
I love sushi, and have it for dinner a couple of times a week.  I am a huge fan of Vic Sushi and other places in town.  Even though I live in the same block as Misora, I have never been able to convince myself to go there, until today.  I needed to grab something to eat fast, so I ordered a couple of their specialty rolls.
Big mistake.  Both rolls did not taste fresh.  The eel was tasteless and dry.   The tuna was rather insipid and of lifeless color.  It was almost unpalatable.  I was not able to finish eating it.
Whether or not there is agreement on how many stars this place deserves, I am pretty certain that for almost comparable price at Vic Sushi you are guaranteed to have some of the best sushi for your money.OMG, when I worked in Liberty Place (ugh) this place was my lunch time salvation.  ...Salivation?  Haha
I discovered this place long before I knew of the existence of Salad Works, so I thought it was brilliant (for the first year or so that I went here, I only got the salads... for some reason it took me a while to catch on to the sushi).  Anyway, putting pasta in a salad blew my mind.  I love it. 
I eventually tried Salad Works, and I think Misora is a lot better.  It's fresher, and you get more bang for your buck.  It might be way too  much salad for one sitting, but, fortunately, I am a person who doesn't mind a soggy-ish salad.  Also, they used to be a lot cheaper than Salad Works, but now they're about the same, which saddens me, but they're a family run joint, so I'd support them even if their prices were higher than Salad Works.
If you get a chance, read their little self write-up on the wall next time you're in there.  i spotted it for the first time a few weeks ago and it had me cracking up :)This place is a gem and I am so happy I accidentally found it. I have only ordered the lunch boxes, but they are the best deal. So much good food in each box for a very reasonable price. I go here probably every two weeks for lunch and the staff there recognize me and are extremely friendly.i always worried about getting sushi on monday but you don't have to worry here! Misora Express gets their fish delivered FRESH EVERY DAY! with that said, was spending the night before the PA Bar Exam in Philly and wanted a sushi fix.  Ordered at least 10 rolls (yellowtail, tuna, philly, spider roll, and a special roll (spicy tuna + shrimp tempura - DELICIOUS!) to have for dinner with my husband, sister + bf.  The sushi was fresh and delicious.  They even carry the "real" ginger (the yellow/white stuff NOT the pink stuff).  We barely finished the sushi and felt very satisfied!.  WIsh Misora Express was located closer to olde city....Besides sushi, they make large fresh and delicious salads at reasonable prices.  They accept Level Up AND have a loyalty program.    Just earned my first free one.   Great place.Came here for lunch with a friend of mine during the week.  This center city lunch spot delivers big, low-priced bento boxes of Japanese favorites (teriyaki, tempura, etc...).  The food is good, not great, and the atmosphere definitely lacks something, but considering how much food I got, it's no doubt a good bang for your buck.
I got the salmon teriyaki box, which comes with more food than what I know what to do with.  Miso soup, cellophane noodles, seaweed salad, edamame, gyoza, california roll, salmon teriyaki over cabbage, a green salad, and rice, all for UNDER TEN DOLLARS (yes, you heard that correctly).  I don't know how these guys make a profit giving away so much food for that little.  
But while the quantity of the food is incredible, the quality not so much.  Everything tasted pretty ok and standard.  The seaweed salad and cellophane noodles were really good.  The salmon was a bit thin and not very flavorful (and coated with a sticky goopy, almost syrupy teriyaki sauce).  Despite this, however, I didn't leave disappointed.  I left full and satisfied.
On the whole, value rules at Misora Express, and it's a cheap option when you've worked up a big lunch appetite.Misora is a regular spot for me. I've had their sushi before, but I usually go there for the Seafood or Tempura Udon. It's prices are in line with the rest of CC, and the service is fairly quick. I usually order ahead and wait five minutes before walking the 4.5 blocks from my job.
I haven't had any problems using credit. I've paid for purchases less than $10 several times without hassle, swipe, sign and go. The staff is friendly, and they always give me extra spice on the side. Not a high end Japanese restaurant, but dependable when the craving comes through.This place was over priced and the sushi and fish were not that great. The rice was not the best it didn't have enough rice vinegar and seasoning and the chirashi bowl was way over priced for what you got, 17 bucks for 9 pieces of fish...
I'm still trying to figure out how this place got voted one of the best sushi spots in the city, really?  Give me a freaking break...the only reason i didn't give it 1 star was because the fish was real.Come here if you like fish sliced as thin as a Victoria Secret lingerie model.I work in center city and Misora is a good place to go and eat healthy at a reasonable price. I was so tired of eating salads for lunch so, at the advice of a coworker I went here. The bento boxes are really good. The staff is friendly and the service is fast.I stopped in to try this place after i had seen the sign for 'best sushi' winner..and i wasn't disappointed. the maki rolls and specialty rolls are better than the sashimi/sushi, but for a quick casual spot, you can't go wrong!
I had the firecracker roll..which was spicy..but not too spicy that i couldn't enjoy it. I also tried the snapping turte which was absolutely delicious!
the staff was friendly, the service was fast and the prices were outrageously reasonable for center city and for sushi in general, for that matter.
i will definitely be back to misora!My friend and I both ordered a bento set. For the price, we got so much food! We were so stuffed afterwards. It wasn't phenomenal, but it was great for the price and serving size. Staff was also nice to us, so that was a plus.I stumbled upon Misora one day on my lunch break and decided to give their salad a try.  The salad choices just about match Saladworks but are a little less expensive and are larger.  Unfortunately they are not quiet as good.  
Every once and awhile I would walk the extra 3 blocks to give Misora my business, but soon stopped after a couple of lackluster salads and a credit card incident.   My total was $9 and change, I realized I only had $8 cash, so I pulled out my credit card to which the worker replied, "$10 minimum on credit card purchases...there's an ATM around the block."
I understand the reasoning behind credit card minimums, and I don't think I am above the rules, but I walked out of my way to help out the little guy and the little guy wouldn't return the favor.Wow, talk about  serious bang for your buck lunch specials.
The all vegetarian one was $10.75 (after tax) and came with a small side salad, small miso soup, rice, vegetable tempura (one piece of zucchini, carrot, sweet potato, broccoli, and a GIANT onion ring), two pieces of fried tofu, 4 fried vegetable dumplings, seaweed salad, 5 pieces of veggie sushi, and some other brown noodle/seaweed-like type thing I've never had before. 
So far I've only had the vegetable tempura and the soup and I am stuffed already! The tempura was fried deliciousness that I plan to get next time I'm hungover. The miso was eh-ok. I might update my review after I eat the rest of it, but so far it's pretty good and everything else looks great.
This place is probably the best place for lunch specials in CC. I can't get over how much food they give you. I recommend coming here starving, if you plan to have left overs later or like I said, if you're hungover.
Oh yeah, I've also had their bubble tea one other time and it was pretty great! A perfect summer time treat.Whenever I'm in very center, center city and need a quick sushi fix, Misora Express is my go to. Their lunchbox specials are always fresh and very reasonably priced which is a complete shock given their location. Whenever you're in the area and need some quick and cheap eats, skip the Wendy's around the corner and come here.I go to the Art Institute right across the street. Monday, in between classes some friends and I were hungry and wanted to grab some take out to take over to Rittenhouse to eat since it was a beautiful evening. My friends all went into this greasy pizza shop but I spotted Misora right next door and went in. I got a veggie roll combo. I got 6 cucumber rolls, 6 avocado rolls, a side salad and miso soup AND a 20oz diet coke fir $7.00!!!! That was awesome! The sushi was pretty tasty too. I'm sure there are far better sushi joints in this city. I want to go to a nice, upscale, "we could go here on a date" sushi place but for quick take out  this worked! Also since I had my AIPh ID on me  they gave me 10% off :-)This place has been here for years and it's, well, odd.
They have a create-your own salad section (similar to Saladworks - but cheaper), and a Japanese Food/Sushi section.
Very inexpensive.  Food is OK.  Just OK.
A cheap, quick lunch choice.What can I say?
I was working in Philly for a couple of days and this place was around the corner from my office. I only came here for one reason: bubble tea. Something about this drink makes me latch on to it like the blood of Christ. Every time I came to Misora I ordered the Thai bubble tea. Sooooo sweet and blended with ice... amazing. They have other teas too that I might try if I find myself in Philly again.If you have the lunch time hunger for a quick bowl of ramen in Center City, this is your place. Though they have other things, like salads and Bento boxes, the ramen is all I've needed form this place. If you get it to go, your broth comes in one container while a mammouth amount of noodles and whatever you wanted in with your soup comes in another, ready for your to mix when ready. The noodles are very decent - nothing mind-blowing, but very enjoyable - but the broth is fairly far above average. With it you get a tiny container of spicy red powder and pickled vegetables. For about $8, it's a very solid and filling Japanese lunch.Misora Express is one of my favorite lunch spots in the city (that list is still growing :D), and why not since their choices of bento boxes make me feel like a kid in a candy store.  Oh wait, I am STILL a kid in a candy store, how relevant! :p
Back to bento boxes: look carefully at the options, because you just might find what you REALLY want.  I will go out on a limb her and recommend ANY of the bento boxes, though you are also welcomed to try the individual menu items.
But back to the bento boxes: I have gotten the tempura bento box and the teriyaki tofu bento box, and I have been surprised both times by how much care and thought the cooks put in to make them look and taste wonderful, a well-balanced meal (not unique to this establishment, but notable!).  
Althought Misora Express is small, it is worth your time and effort to go - BENTO BOXES! (there, I've said it one last time)Pretty much the only sushi place I go to for lunch because the sushi is great, the staff is helpful, there's always room to sit and they play the best music...instrumental renditions of radio songs! so awesome. And quite honestly, the SPICIEST spicy mayo I have ever ever ever tried.Lots of tasty and very affordable options when I'm craving Japanese food but not necessarily sushi. The beef negimaki and Japanese curry hit the spot. Plus, everyone who works there is extremely friendly and helpful. Great place to grab a quick lunch or bring home some take-out for dinner on your way back from work. 
They also do salads, and not just Japanese or asian inspired ones. I've never had one, but they are made to order, as-you-like-it a la SaladWorks and look pretty fresh.I'm on a mission to visit all of the businesses that use LevelUp, a pay-by-cell-phone app. This is stop 
#3 Misora Express @ 15th& Chestnut
Sushi is my island food. As in, if I were stranded on a desert island and had to choose one thing to eat for the rest of my life, it would be sushi. Which is convenient, because if I were stranded on a desert island, it would be one of the more likely foods I would actually have access to. 
Now, I know a lot of people who are anti-fast-food sushi. I am not one of these people. I don't mind an occasional roll from the supermarket or the sushi from Bumblefish. I understand that it may not be as high quality as at Raw or Aki or Mixx, but it satisfies the craving and gives me some of that yummy Omega-3 and Iron. I found Misora Express on the LevelUp cheat sheet and went to their website. Seeing that they have bento boxes, I stopped over to pick up a quick lunch to bring back to work. 
The cashier was very friendly and knowledgeable about LevelUp. She said LevelUp usage seemed to be all or none. Some days 10 or 20 people would use it and other days nobody would. Regardless, the LevelUp platform was on the counter next to the cash register. I ordered a teriyaki salmon bento box and an order of Ikura. I positioned my phone on the platform and she worked the LevelUp magic. Moments later I received the text of the receipt ($12.64 - $2 LevelUp discount = $10.64 total)
Back at my office, I unpacked me booty and my timbers were shivered by the amount of packaging required to send a bento box to go. Five boxes later, it was not the greenest adventure. The salmon itself was quite tasty, the miso, salad and rice were decent. They skimped on the edamame and the california roll was about half the size of what I'm used to. The Ikura tasted OK, but was a little aged and overly fishy.
Rating:
Misora Express To-Go: 3 Gi-Dee-Ups
LevelUp Experience: 5 Gi-Dee-UpsCheap and plentiful. Too bad its inedible. Undercooked chicken, miso soup that tastes like dishwater, ginger salad dressing without any taste of ginger. Could go on and on but suffice it to say one of the worst places we've ever been to. Wasn't expecting much as it's primarily fast food take out, but it's beyond bad. Epic fail! (Everyone that worked there was nice though so props for that.)It was a dark and stormy afternoon. Hindered by the pouring rain but sick of all my other options, I braved the underground caverns of suburban station and emerged near Misora at 15th and Chestnut. As I entered I was mildly confused... two lines? A salad shop and a Japanese place? What was going on? Where was I?
I ignored the salad line and studied the Japanese menu, which appeared to consist entirely of pictures of boxed lunches on the wall. I'm sure there's more stuff. Well, not 100% sure, but it seems plausible. I will give Misora credit, they certainly know how to honor the timeless Japanese tradition of the lunchbox: lots of different combos, each under $10. I selected the chicken yakitori combo, and I was quite pleased with the result. The chicken was prepared on sticks and quite tasty. It also came with white rice, miso soup, a seaweed salad, a regular salad with ginger dressing, some clear noodles, california rolls, a dumpling, and a few edamame. It was definitely a nice boxed lunch for the very low price. 
The service was not instantaneous; it probably took between 5 and 10 minutes from ordering before I was scarfing down a box of food so I would allow adequate time. This place clearly thrives on a takeout business, but there are enough tables there so you can sit down and eat.  
Worth a look if you're a box lunch enthusiast, or wish to become one!This place is amazing! Such a tiny little treasure. The owner is very nice, and the lunch box portions are generous. Give these guys your business! Fantastic sushi and salads, great service.This is the perfect place for inexpensive good japanese food. Especially when your tired of greasy burgers, pizza and other processed foods. 
The large bento boxes are packed with crispy vegetables. The salmon is always fresh and delicious. The short grain rice is nicely prepared.
 The ambiance is fairly minimal and utilitarian. The bathroom is large and clean but you need to get a key. Perhaps that is the key to how they keep it clean.
This great little lunch place is not Morimoto, but of you want fresh delicious Japanese food quick at a great price this place is a nice little secretI have been trying to think of ways to clearly articulate how ANGRY this place made me, but I don't think I can do my rage justice, so I decided to just rant. Trust me, this rant is valid, but I will acquiesce that this is a rant.  
One day, I decided I was going to eat healthier and perhaps inject a bit more fish of the raw variety into my diet. Since I work in Center City, there are a definitely a number of places that will offer a suitable options for this strategy.  
As I was walking by Misora Express, I decided "hey, why not here?" since I had purchased their bento boxes in the past and had thought they offered decent variety and portions. Well, I'll tell you this - that may be true of their bento lunches, but MOST CERTAINLY NOT OF THEIR SUSHI/SASHIMI. 
I ordered the Sashimi Regular, which purported to include 15 pieces of sashimi for $14.95. I was, for a moment, excited because the sashimi dishes are made to order. You can imagine my utter disappointment when the guy came out to cut up the sashimi for my order and I saw how small he was cutting the pieces. AND btw, i was standing RIGHT THERE and he still cut up the smallest, saddest series of sashimi pieces I have ever seen. 
Ultimately, I walked out of here, wallet almost $20 lighter (bought a 20oz soda + tax), with essentially 3oz of fish AT MOST and a grim expression. Clearly I was going to need to buy a 2nd lunch.
The width of the piece was just about the diameter of a NICKEL. I took a picture because I was so appalled. To add insult to injury, the fish itself wasn't very good. They must not have high turnover on the made-to-order sushi/sashimi side because it was not fresh; the saba (mackerel) was so gross I had to throw it away. 
SIGH. Don't get sushi/sashimi here. Just stick with the cooked japanese bento boxes or the salads, if you must.
I know that sashimi is expensive for restaurants to sell, but it's just insulting to offer the kind of quantity/quality that this place does.Came here for lunch while running errands in Center City. Great place to get a bento box with so many choices! A great deal for $8-$9. It includes: miso soup, house salad with ginger dressing, 3 california rolls, edamame, seaweed salad, pork dumpling, rice, and choice of entree. Come hungry! They even have bubble tea :) They are a part of the levelup promotion, and you get $2 off your first visit.Great bento box selection for lunch, adequately priced with a generous portion of food.  The salad selection is also good and priced right.If you compare the size of the rolls vs the price of the rolls, I'd say give this place a pass. 
Don't get me wrong, some of their rolls are really good! But they are a little pricey if you look at the actual size of the rolls.
 I've gone to this place twice for sushi, and yes, the sushi is good; but some of their rolls are expensive!I CANNOT BELIEVE that the people giving this place five and four stars have ever had really good sushi.
I've had day-old supermarket sushi that was better, fresher and more edible than this.
The pieces were tiny - less than the size of my thumb, and I have average to small-sized hands for a woman.
The fish was OLD, DRY, DISCOLORED - I can't tell you what it tasted like because it was so atrocious we refused to eat it. 
The sign in the window says fresh - what my mom was served was fresh a week ago. Hamachi should not be mustard-coloured and the texture of cardboard. Even vaguely fresh fish should be springy - this was the farthest end of the spectrum from it.
My mother said Misora should be renamed Misery, and she ain't wrong.I'm definitely becoming a fan of Misora as my go-to emergency dinner on the way home from work when I start to panic like "oh crap, what the hell am I going to eat tonight?"
They do all-day lunch specials, so you can get a lunch "box" with a few courses for less than $10.  Amazing value.  It's not the BEST sushi I've ever had, but it's fresh and good, and they prepare it so quickly.  I've been a fan of the tekka roll box, which is a tuna roll that comes with a few california rolls, side salad, a few edamame, a little bit of seaweed salad, a noodle salad of sorts, miso soup and a dumpling looking thing.  Plus rice.  It's a lot of food at a great value and it's super convenient.  I'm curious to try their noodle soups, as they told me that one of the noodles they make is GF...
I'm sure this is the hot lunch spot too during weekdays - I just work in the 'burbs so I don't get to enjoy it until dinner time!It's pretty good here.  So far I've had the spicy tuna roll, yellow tail and the vegetable tempura.  The tempura was a little bland but overall everything has been really fresh.  Down side is the portions are small for the price.  I can get a very large specialty roll somewhere else for the same price as the small spicy tuna and a couple pieces of yellow tail here.  Level up is a plus.For $10 the bento boxes are a great deal and have tons of variety for anyone who doesn't want to get just sushi or salad. The place is small but there is plenty of seating. There is also a small 5% discount if you pay with cash. Overall nice place for a quick meal in the city for lunch!The Tofu Teriyaki at Misora Express is very good.  While the tofu wasn't browned to give it the texture I normally like, the awesome Teriyaki sauce more than made up for it.  I also liked they had several vegetarian options on the menu.  It was also nice to see so many different veggie sushi options (ex:  Avocado, Cucumber, Zen Roll, Oshinko (Pickled Radish), Tofu Skin.)  Another bonus is they have LevelUp.An OK place for a quick lunch.  Salad portions and the udon portions are good but I wish they gave more for sushi/sashimi.The food was great.  I work in center city so I need fast service because I take short lunches.  They are very fast and the food is always great.  We get the sushi for our whole staff sometimes and everyone loves. It is quick, healthy, and the services is great.  I have even lost weight since I have been eating there.  Thanks so much.  I will be back soon.Food:  Really hit or miss.  For the price, you should have adjusted expectations.  Something are surprisingly enjoyable (bento box meals) while others are a disappointment (noodle soups).
Ambiance:  Cute enough when it is not packed with people or a line.  Convenient location.
Service:  Good, not much interaction since you order at the counter and bring your food to your table.
Overall:  A decent and convenient option, but play it safe on your meal choices and then stick with what you know you like.I am a new convert to the lunch box. This plate served up by this Center City Japanese express joint served up a healthy, sizable and tastey meal. You have a little over ten choices of lunch box combos from tempora to terriyaki and minus the drink, all under $10. A typical lunch box comes with okra, miso soup, side salad, 3 pieces of sushi, some strange but tastey translucent noodle and edemame.
It's quick and fills you up. And unlike hitting the Wendy's which happens from time to time, You won't feel weighted down or the oncoming of a stroke.I love their california sushi rolls so good and always made fresh :-) the spicy tuna rolls are good too im hooked, i need them at least twice a week and considering i work right around the corner it's hard to stay awaySome of the best sushi in Center City. When I think of sushi, I think fresh and pristine and this is what Misora is. The staff is always nice and they answer any questions you have about the menu. The prices are reasonable as well. This is my go to place for sushi in Center City.This is my place. Its 2 blocks from my place, and i dont feel like cooking then misora is quick and inexpensive. The Lunch boxes never fail!I want to really love this place.  It has all the necessary factors in place that could essentially make it a force to be reckoned with in the express lunch world, so to speak.  There are over 10 bento boxes to choose from that appeal to any palette - from the less adventurous (chicken teriyaki) to the sushi connoisseurs (all raw box).  And there's also a Saladworks-type salad station with just as many choices, a new smoothie menu (including bubble tea), and ready-made to-go sushi, edamame, and seaweed salad for those truly in a hurry.   And each bento box comes with a generous portion of rice, and an equally nice-sized miso soup.  Lots of food, not a lot of money, and the quality of the food is above average.
What is lacking is that I do not believe that the folks at Misora really understand the "express" part of their name.  Even when the place is not crowded, it takes upwards of 15 minutes for the bento box to be ready.  I appreciate that my food is made fresh (really, I do), but I go to Misora in the hopes of having a good meal that doesn't take up a huge portion of my lunch hour just for the wait time.  If I had the time, I'd go to a real Japanese restaurant a couple of blocks away and get higher-quality sushi and pay the extra few dollars.Story time: I was having a miserable morning, it was like "Steph H. and the Terrible, Horrible, No Good, Very Bad Day". So much so that I was in a rush and didn't get to pack a lunch (which I do EVERYDAY). I was feeling rotten outside and in.. and was grumpy that I needed to buy a lunch that day. I walk by Misora Express everyday and see the huge salads in the window, today I had a reason to get one. They made the salad fresh right in front of me with pasta, turkey, bacon, tomatoes and so much other stuff. This salad was HUGE and DELICIOUS. It filled me up and changed my whole mood and day. End of the story? I didn't bring my lunch on purpose today - I'm getting a salad instead :)Rolls that i ordered were very good (shrimp tempura roll and Boston roll). I did take out which i waited less than 5 mins ***!!  Very good food and friendly service. I watched the rolls being made which was cool. Ill definitely be back!!!
Ive never taken sushi out but was pleasantly surprised at how everything was in my take out plate  
They had a very extensive menu