The food here is good and the atmosphere is great.  Always courteous and clean and fast!  Will order from here again for sure!Arguably one of the best BBQ establishments in Philadelphia. The service at mission is always prompt and courteous. The food is phenomenal and you never have to wait long for it. Parking there is also great. One could eat at Mission weekly and never get tired of itThis place is amazing. From the moment you walk in the door you feel an amazing atmosphere that screams American pride. That's amazing especially this day and age in the city. The food is also great. The black plate specials that change monthly are my favoriteA few months ago Mission BBQ dropped off a bunch of free platters to our business. I had the pleasure of getting a little taste of everything they had to offer on the menu. It was all so delicious. My favorite was the BBQ pork. It was so tender and I love that they have so many different sauces to choose from. It's a cute place to eat in but they also prepare fast take out. I totally recommend this place to anyone who loves BBQ.Great, friendly service and good atmosphere. Portions are large and everything was fresh and delicious. Meat was juicy and loved all of the many sauces that are offered.First time! They're sauces are all good. Enjoyed the chicken and brisket platter. Had a side of Mac and cheese which was a good taste and consistency. I also had the baked beans which are done with brisket but it really wasn't as good as I thought it was going to be. The chicken was delicious and tender as was the brisket. Took home some blue berry cobbler which was simply devine. Need more of that. Ordered they're sweet potatoes but it was just over cooked.  I would come back for a chicken sandwich and cobbler next time.If you're looking for a local business to support that has amazing food, great prices and a purpose behind the purchase, Mission BBQ is it!
Incredibly delicious BBQ (trumps Sweet Lucy's imo), reasonably priced and very clean. Mission supports the USO and local police/fire with their decor and promotions, including a daily noon standing salute to the flag, employees and patrons. 
This was our first visit and without knowing so, the GM Steve came over to greet us. He took the time to tell us about Mission's dedication to supporting our military families and showed us around the restaurant. He said they started with just a few pictures/pieces of memorabilia and that most of the contributions were from local police/fire/military families. Earlier on this very day, a widowed wife of a police officer brought her family so they could sit at the table where her husband's picture plaque hangs so her grandkids could see. 
So you top all of this off with incredible BBQ, friendly/fast service and a great atmosphere - SOLD! I highly recommend giving and supporting Mission BBQ!Stopped in for dinner with my family. Based on the reviews I was expecting great BBQ. While the service and staff were excellent I thought the BBQ was just ok. Although I do love the decor and how the business is dedicated to supporting the local community, definitely a great business model. Just wish I liked the BBQ more.Super friendly and helpful. Small but potent menu. Extremely quick service even during a weekday lunch period. Excellent BBQ and all the sauce choices were fun (take what you want). Extra large booths. Great for groups. I'd easily return.This place is wonderful ! The people are so friendly and attentive, and the food is very tasty. Once in a blue moon you'll catch them on an off day with their cornbread, and it's a bit dry. Other than that, I recommend almost any meat; pulled pork, brisket, and the sausage is incredible (jalapeno and cheese).I love this place! This is real down home BBQ.  Everything is cooked, smoked, grilled, (I don't know how they cook it actually LOL) but it's amazingly good.  The meat is served dry and you have 6 different BBQ sauces to choose from on the tables.  I can't make a recommendation on sauce cause I literally used all of them and didn't remember which was which. So what the heck....use them all like I did! They were all tasty in their own right.  I also like that the seating area has extra-large booths that will fit 6-8 people as opposed to other places where the booths only hold 4 people.  The staff is super duper friendly and attentive.  I will defiantly come here again and again and again.Love the food!! The staff is always friendly and the place is clean. We eat there all the time. I love the BBQ sauces.This place has really good service. They're very firmly rooted in their veteran roots which is AWESOME. The counter girls were upbeat, sweet, and patient (even with a 10yo that couldn't figure out what she wanted). So to start off , the staff is wonderful. The food? Not so much. Is their secret ingredient salt? I am in NO WAY claiming a food born illness, but Twice I have eaten here and twice I felt awful afterwards. Sick to my stomach. Maybe too much salt? Likely. Again, the staff is spot on, just not a fan of their food. Won't be returning.it was so awesome to eat there~~~ food is fantastic ~ also sweet tea~~ great~~~ i order pork pulled sandwich  n cold slaw ...i had a great time  staff is kind and good i will go again sooooonThis place is unbelievable!! Between 4 of us, we were able to get everything on the menu to try, except for the brisket. Not one of us had anything negative to say, it was ALL delicious!! Service was awesome & friendly even though we walked in 20 mins before closing (we didn't know they closed at 8 on Sundays). We were out of there by 8:15. Very military and LEO friendly and $2.00 from the hero soda cup is donated! I cant say enough positive things about this restaurant. We will DEFINITELY be back!! Thank you to the owners and staff for getting it right on so many levels!!Great service, great prices, delicious food and nice atmosphere.so glad I checked this place out. They slowed me to sample everything and anything they had on the menu.Great BBQ. Ribs were perfect came off the bones. Wife had brisket, a little dry but very lean. Worth a try. Will be back. Great low carb mealStopped by this evening for a quick dinner. It was our first time here. We try to avoid chain restaurants but this doesn't feel like a chain. It's a small chain only about 10 or so. We were thrilled that we stopped and ate here. We are big fans of BBQ, and it goes to a great cause. This restaurant supports veterans and first responders, something you don't see often these days. That alone made me want to try this joint. Parking was a breeze, decor was awesome! Military and Philadelphia police and fire. Very clean, neat and organized.
As far as the food goes I thought it was very good. I like the variety of sauces. My favorite was the Texas and the Carolina honey. I had the beef brisket sandwich on a brioche bun with Mac and cheese and cole slaw. The Mac and cheese was out of this world! The Coke slaw was fresh and crunchy, very good. My wife had the smoked turkey, green beans and baked beans. The turkey was moist and delicious! Green beans were spicy but in a good way, baked beans were just okay, a bit sweet for our liking. We also tried a few ribs, they were fall off the bone tender! Great Meath ribs! The cornbread was meh. We like it a little sweeter, a bit different then what you normally find up here. The food was 4 of 5 stars.
We were happy with the visit! Great cause and great restaurant. We will continue to support and will be back. Service was also excellent and the staff was very nice.Been here a several times.  Clean, bright and open restaurant.  Fast and very friendly service, great food and the price is reasonable.  Will be going back.  Lots of sauces for you to try on the food.  The sweet tea is very good also.My family and I knew about Mission BBQ because of one of the locations in Glen Burnie Maryland that we go to when visiting family. We love BBQ and decided to drive the hour from South NJ to this location in hopes that it was just like the one in Maryland. It's not. It's BETTER. From the moment you walk in the door to the moment you leave, you aren't treated like you're a nobody. The owner is friendly, the staff is wonderful, and the food is phenomenal. I tend to get the pulled pork and my husband loves the beef brisket. The fries, cheesy potatoes, and mac and cheese are my favorite sides, and even the sweet tea is delicious (I'm from the south, so sweet tea is very important). 
We went back tonight for my husband's birthday, and the owner recognized me and thanked us for coming back (he knows we drive an hour to get there!). One of the employees was walking around and offered us to try the carmelized bread pudding. It was PHENOMENAL. Hands down, one of our favorite places to eat.really decent bbq...i was looking for places in the northeast and thought i had found one at ben's beer & bbq which was terrific on the first visit and less than mediocre the second visit.  mission was good from the start and i love their support of men in service;fire police and armed forces...go there and do not forget the caramel bread pudding no matter how full you are...it's orgasmic!!!What a joke .the caterd and event at the Ukraine church. On N Franklin st on 7/30/17. this was the Christmas in july run .for shriner hospital.  After the hospital. We rode to the BBQ paid 20.00.waited inline .they run out of food then had the guts to rasion the mac an cheese and beans .hope the dont used them next year.Food was pretty good, a bit pricey, but awesome atmosphere, cornbread was delish- actual corn pieces inside it. Love how its military and law enforcement themed. The staff is very friendly, the place is clean and there's a lot of parking available for patrons. I tried the chicken it was so juicy and tender and had a nice spicy taste. I also got fries which tasted great and tasted like they were Cajun or with old bay on top and enjoyed a Coca Cola in a glass old fashioned bottle which not too many places sell. Overall my experience here is a good one. I especially love how they have a VIP club for past and present military. You sign up with your email and they send you freebies and deals- deff cannot beat that!Well when this placed opened it was great! Great food, satisfying experience in a relaxed, while simultaneously patriotic atmosphere. A few weeks ago, I was craving BBQ and figured why not grab some Mission on the way home from work. It sounded like a great idea. That was until about 12 hours later and I ended up with food poisoning. Sad to say, but I won't be back.Wow, this was some good 'que. I'm not giving five stars- because it's not there just yet- but may be shortly. What we ordered actually, like, it actually tasted truly southern to me. They don't hold back on the seasonings- from the ribs which are generously rubbed down- smoked, spicy, and sweet to the baked beans with rich depth and morsels of brisket throughout. The mac and cheese was on point. you can actually taste the cheese which we can't say is the case for other's we've tried. Wife found the M&C to be in her top three ever. Cornbread was a touch drier than we like (Lee Roy Selmon's cornbread stuffing on the gulf coast of Florida is our favorite) but other than that- we really can't complain. The guy at the counter told us to mix some of their creamy coleslaw with the baked beans- yeah- he's pretty much a certified genius. 
The people that work there are exceptionally nice and embracing of you the second you walk in. The social experience alone is worth going. You see plenty of customers who dedicated their lives to defend us. I swear when you see former veterans- and take a second to realize what they did for you- you feel exceptionally small. I just have so much admiration for those that serve our country and to see them being able to enjoy a meal with their loved ones is inspiring to say the least. 
in regards to the price: well. the prices are what they are- a tad expensive- but that's what you pay for when it comes to quality food in general- yet alone BBQ. 
A true taste of good old American BBQ right here in the Northeast segment of Philadelphia. That's  pretty cool and man- I sure do miss living in the south.
All in all- we'll be back.What can I say good food good staff affordable and benefits a good cause with certain purchases. Will certainly visit again.Love the chopped brisket sandwich, and the potatoes salad.
Customer service is great, haven't had any issues.
Great food, highly recommend.For what this restaurant is, it is one of the best restaurants I have ever been to. Food is good and hospitality is amazing. The options, price, and service is fantastic. This is my first time here and I plan to come every Friday now.Had an amazing experience here with my family (husband, myself, and 2 little ones). We were first timers and the whole staff took loads of time to explain the menu, give us samples and bring our food to us. The food was great!  My husband loved his brisket, I had the shrimp special, my son had the pork, and my daughter the mac n cheese. All delicious and great portion sizes. The manager, Steve, made sure he stopped by our table to ask about our experience. Definitely check this place out!Great BBQ restaurant with a true American spirit. The theme is geared toward first responders and veterans. 
Menu changes monthly and provides specials. Prices are very reasonable and food is very good and authentic. 
The food is counter service with fountain drinks or a wide variety of bottled sofa. 
Service is fast and very friendly. There is a wide selection of sauces at each table. The staff will also bring your food to the table. 
I had the 3 meat combo with Brisket, Pulled Chicken and Baby Back Ribs. Sides were Mac & Cheese and corn pudding.  
Great flavor for each item. 
Being a Veteran I was very impressed with the decor. The staff were all polite and thanked me for my service. 
With all of the dissenting about our country from many people it was a true pleasure to be in a restaurant that pays tribute to those who have served our country 
Looking forward to my next visit. Special thanks to Shannon Sperduto the community ambassador for her personal attention to all the customersWorst food i ever tasted . My food was not even cook well . I asked for a steak and the steak looked like idk it was weird it had blood all over it . I didnt eat my food . It went right to the trash !!The brisket and coleslaw was absolutely  the best brisket. .........especially  on a rainy day...good jobBack home in philly for Thanksgiving, I had to say my expectations were low as Philadelphians are not known for their top notch customer service (no offense, but its true.). Mission BBQ did disprove that, with an extremely helpful, professional staff and the food was great.  The restaurant was spotless, with fantastic military decorations.  Between the brisket, great service and country music I would've though I was back in the south.  We need a Mission in Evans, GA.Loved this place, not only was the food amazing but it was ready super fast and the costomer service was excellent.  My kids even loved it!  We will defienitly be coming back!I've been here twice already, and the food is amazing! The first time I had the 2 meat combo with pulled chicken and brisket with potato salad. The brisket was so tender and juicy. The second time also I got the 2 meat combo with brisket, pulled pork and fries. The first time we went there the server came to the table to ask about the food, and I mentioned that I didn't know they they had fries. The next thing I knew the server brought us a platter filled with fries on the house. They go well with the vinegar at the table. The white sauce is delicious, and it goes well with the brisket. The white sauce is like their spiced up version of ranch sauce. They also have 6 different bbq sauces at the table to spice up your food. Since this is a new place, the staff is very attentive. I'll definitely be going back and highly recommend it to others. The menu is simple, not a lot of stuff to confuse you, just basic bbq.When you go into a restaurant just looking for a quick lunch on a Sunday, you don't expect to have an exceptional experience. You want there to be enough good food to fill you up and that's about it.
We just had an exceptional experience at Mission BBQ. The food was very good and the service was outstanding. After getting about halfway through our delicious lunch, the manager Steve came to our table to check up on us. He was extremely friendly and told us about how the work the restaurant does for veterans, current members of the armed forces, police, firefighters, and first responders. They routinely donate and give away food to those who serve and protect. Steve was so friendly and passionate- it was infectious. 
When the service goes above and beyond what is expected, the food is wonderful and there's a company mission that makes the customer feel good about patronizing the business, it's a win-win. I will be back and they will have my business for a long time.Pork is delicious.  Brisket and Sausage are good too.  Turkey a bit dry.Brisket was good overall. Ribs were fall of the bone delicious. Mac n cheese very good along with cole slaw. Baked beans and cornbread my least favorite. Caramel apple dessert YUM!Really happy my family stopped in to try this place out. I get skeptical about chain BBQ, but Mission BBQ is about as spot on as you can get outside of the South. Great smokey flavor in the pulled pork and chicken, and very moist and tender. Both don't need any sauce, but there is a great selection at your table. The casual atmosphere is great and the decor is respectful of local law enforcement, fire and Armed Services. My favorite thing was that there was no TV playing. The staff are very friendly, we were greeted at the door with a polite holler and the floor staff are very attentive. The prices are reasonable for BBQ and better than a few BBQ places in the area. The meat portions are just right but the sides could be a little bigger. They look like they are measure out almost perfectly. I will say that the fries portion is good though.
All in all, Mission BBQ is worth the stop. I can only give it 4 stars because only truly excellent BBQ deserves 5, but repeat visits may change my mind if they keep up the quality. Skip overpriced Famous Daves and the miserable, rude folks at Fat Jacks and try this place.Not impressed. But, more than that, they totally screwed up my take out order. I called them and inquired about a combo baby back ribs and a chicken dinner. I decided on the 4 baby back ribs and combo chicken dinner and 2 small sides for a whopping $18. I repeated the order twice on the phone. When I got home what I got was 2 baby back ribs and some shredded pieces of chicken, which probably amounted to about 2 oz in weight. The ribs were very salty and the small amount of shredded chicken didn't make for a very satisfying dinner. Not for the outrageous price of $18. You know the old saying, Mission BBQ, "First impressions are lasting impressions." You failed me.THIS PLACE IS AWESOME!!! I've been here several times and each time has been better then the next. The first time we ordered takeout. My boyfriend at the time brought his chopped brisket sandwich home and I took one bite and fell in love. The second time I took my father and puppy for lunch. 
They have outdoor seating and offer a bowl of water for your dog. When we ordered I mentioned that I had just gotten engaged and the lovely cashier gave me a free sweet! Every time we come here the staff is extremely nice, accommodating and knowledgeable.
The food has always been great! The chopped brisket sandwiches are delicious. The mac and cheese, cheesy potatoes, french fries and sweet potato mash are the sides I would recommend.
This place is wonderful, I love it here and will continue to come.I went to this place super skeptical...I know it is a franchise and typically franchise BBQ just isn't on par with local mom & pop. I'm so glad I was wrong! Everything I experienced with this place was excellent. They are really big on supporting the military, so the first thing I noticed when I pulled in was a deuce & half sitting there with a smoker on the back of it smoking up something delicious. Inside the atmosphere is great, decorated with a lot of military garb and regalia.
The food was really good as well. I ordered a brisket sandwich with fries & mac and cheese. Everything was really good. The mac & cheese of the items was probably my least favorite, but I have some pretty high standards for mac & cheese...thought it wasn't my favorite, I would still order it again the next time I go there. I also snagged a bit of a friends cornbread, which was also very good.
I'm glad this place is here...there never can be too much BBQ around.Being from the south, we know a little bit about bbq. I'm not kidding when I say that as I sit here in Texas, I'm thinking about this bbq place. It was so delicious. Everything we ordered was so flavorful and on point. Will be back for sure next time we are in Philly!!Great food and a wonderful concept promoting taking care of our veterans. Try their food, you will be very pleased!A very solid addition to the growing Northeast Philly BBQ scene. The location is a good start. Very easy to get to, plenty of parking, nicely renovated space. The first time in may prove a bit odd for restaurant regulars, as it's counter service style. You walk in, check out the menu, place your order and then wait for your name to be called. The crew there moved along quickly, but took a minute to give us the run down on how everything works and what to expect. The place has a nice, standard BBQ setup. Plenty of TV's around for games, nice choices in bottled and fountain drinks. 
I was there with my wife and we both ordered a 2-meat combo meal to share and try a few things out. Those wound up being the juicy brisket, pulled pork, turkey and sausage (jalapeno and cheddar). We also each grabbed the Mac and cheese after seeing so many comments on it and I topped it off with the collard greens. The portion sizes are decent as the prices were pretty low for the combo. The Mac n cheese was quite good. Very cheesy and good flavor. The collards were good. Nice flavor, but paled compared to the mac. The included corn bread was a miss, though. Overly dry.
Each of the items was really well made. The brisket was extremely tender (no knife needed). It had a nice smoke ring and flavorful, though not overpowering, seasoning. I'd recommend not even using sauce for that. The pulled pork was also enjoyable, but definitely worked better with the sauces, as most pulled pork does. It was juicy and not at all dry as I've had it in the past. Nice smoke and seasoning as well. The turkey had a bit of a smoky flavor to it, but didn't have much to set it apart from most turkey breasts. Good, just not a stand out. The sausage, though, was a really nice surprise. Not as spicy as you would think, and the cheddar was very creamy. It had plenty of flavor and worked well with and without sauce.
At the end of the meal, both my wife and I were very pleased. The pricing, food quality, service and atmosphere were all great. Definitely worth checking out and can't wait to go back.This place is like the better version of Boston market with a bbq twist. I'd come here once a week if they were closer and the prices are very reasonable. Good job mission bbq!Thanks to yelp reviews we visited Mission BBQ and we're very pleased we did. Was a little worried at first bcuz when we arrived at 8pm on a Saturday night the parking lot was almost empty. I loved the veteran only parking spot next to the handicap spots. Very cool. We were greeted as soon as we walked in the door by the friendly staff. I wasn't prepared for an order and go sit type restaurant but it works. By the time you get your drinks your order is ready for pick up. The drink and supply area was very kitschy, cute. You pick your own seating. We chose a high top table that was covered in old PA license plates under the plastic/ hard clear top. Even tho this is a chain they decorated very location specific. There are many patches all over the restaurants from police, fire, all branches of the military and more. Add a LEO family we really appreciated this. We've had BBQ from other places in the northeast and this by far is the best.I was so excited to try this place out since I was hearing rave reviews from all of my friends. I ordered the beef brisket. It was way too salty. So disgusting. Too fatty. I will NOT come back. I will just travel a little further down the Blvd to Fat Jack's, where I know I won't be disappointed. 
I never give 1 star but the only reason I am even giving one star is bc the baked beans where really good.Like being back home in Texas! I had the Brisket sandwich and baked beans with brisket.  The brisket was moist and tender and the beans were delish!  I'm going to get back in line and take some home to the hubby for dinner!!We had a problem with a competitor today with a delivery order. They ran out of ribs and cancelled our delivery. So we had to scramble to get our dinner for our mothers day crowd. We called
Mission and they were more than helpful. The food is great. Thank you.Smells great as soon as you walk in and the girls behind the register greeted us right away. Called and they ask you what time YOU plan to pick up the food. The girl working also gave us cups of each of their bbq sauces..our favorites were the Maryland one and the mustard one, probably Memphis. Also lots of food for a good price. Definitely plan to try more and would suggest to others!The food was good, but the service was exceptional!  Really enjoyed the atmosphere, the cleanliness and the appreciative staff. :)Love this place. The staff was so friendly! We ordered take out having never been there and I was so pleasantly surprised after walking in there to pick up our food. I'm a military brat and was so happy to see the restaurant caters to our military. I will definitely come back. I loved that they ask when we will be there to pick up rather than saying it'll be 20-30 minutes or whatever. They truly care about their customers and the quality of their food shows it!Great service and the barbecue is now the top spot to beat in the city. Well done guys and welcome to the area. I look forward to eating here with my family regularly.Sooo do you want to look like a Slob because your licking the bottom of your plate like a wild animal? Well then this is your place! I got a multiple meat combo and the beef brisket will make you crave it nightly. They also support wounded warriors so when I'm contributing to my obesity I can feel a little bit better about myself! If your in the mood to gorge yourself like it's you last meal and don't mind the "meat sweats" then this is hands down your place!My husband and I were really underwhelmed by this spot. He picked it as his choice for date night, because he had been dying to go there forever. We liked the set up and the décor. They had an interesting menu, but they were out of everything I wanted to eat. The food was okay. The mac and cheese was awesome. The fries were pretty good. Everything else was just fast food quality, which I wouldn't mind, except for the price. They charge an awful lot for the quality and small (very tiny) portions of everything. The green beans made my husband really sick. He felt terrible for the rest of the night. On the upside, the place was clean and the staff was friendly.  I think it is unlikely that I would go back.Fantastic food. The jalapeño sausage is my favorite. Very moist, cheesy and spicy. The Mac and cheese is great and the baked beans are very good. Not a big fan of their green beans or the cheesy potatoes.Good food and clean restaurant. They also support the troops and first responders!! A welcome addition to the Northeast!My husband and I had lunch here today.  We split the three meat platter with brisket, turkey and half a chicken.  Everything was so moist and tender!  The cole slaw was perfect and the baked beans had bits of brisket in them.  They were giving out complimentary orders of amazing French fries.  Portions are large, we had enough to take home for another meal.  They sell reusable cups for $3.99 (I believe).  Part of that goes to the Wounded Warrior fund and you bring your cup back for $.99 refills.  Awesome job, Mission BBQ!Nice place good food. I like the sauce options. Ribs are good . Not great. They hit me for donation as I was ordering. Would like to know if they match it? My 80 year old mother asked for water they charged her for a large drinkProbably the worst bbq I've ever had, fast food bbq equivalent to the McDonald's McRib... Only reason I ate what I ordered was because I didn't want to just waste my money and I still wasted my money on the food plus now my stomach hurts. Wouldn't feed this to my dog. Thanks mission bbq!This place is great. The service is excellent. Tried a bunch of things, pulled chicken was my favorite.Stopped in for lunch and got the brisket sandwich. It was amazing!  There are 6 sauce choices at the table , but ask for their Baja Bold if you like it a little spicy!  Get the Americas Heros cup for the donation and get $0.99 refills when you bring it back on future visits!  I will be back very soon, if not for dinner tonight!To be clear, this has NOTHING to do with quality of food (its amazing). This place has military things plastered all over their walls but yet doesn't offer a military discount, yet places like Chick-Gil-a do makes no sense. 
If you want to be military friendly and hang our creed and pictures on your walls I'd suggest giving us a discount we don't get paid enough to do what we do out their.
And still no one has responded to this review. Sad.Not only is this some of the best barbecue in the city -  the service is excellent. There were plenty of staff on hand to help carry food, etc. And there were extremely friendly.  We had the brisket, pulled pork, ribs, Mac and cheese, patato salad, corn bread, Cole slaw -- and they were all very good. They take bbq serious here with noting over smoked or oversauced. 
The pricing is not bad given the quality of the food -- but this is not fast food print. No complaints though as u get what you pay for. 
I enjoy the fact that they support police and firefighters. Buy the special cup as you get infinite refills when u come back for $0.99 which supports the cause. 
Highly recomend. Our family will be coming back.Everything about this place is amazing. The food is so good. The staff is super friendly and efficient. Their appreciation for our military, police and firefighters is outstanding. I love how they display their patriotism all over the place.
I reccommend the pulled chicken with the smokey bbq sauce, by the way!Just went to Mission BBQ at 5:05 PM today to get some ribs and were told that they were sold out at 5oclock on a Monday nightWhen pulling up I grew concerned as it seemed like this place might be a commercial operation.  A place that produces for the masses and not focus on the q.  I write this review after two weeks, I was torn.  How could a modern looking place with friendly people be so good at their BBQ?  How could a place that freely gave me a full desert which was delicious and spot on as a finish to a near perfect dinner?  The sauces that were offered still linger in my mouth and tempt me to return for more?  The meat offered was correct in taste and style?
I guess two words answer my questions.
Mission BBQEverything is bbq, which is fine. I like that they have different types of sauces and enough menu options. Everytime I've had any pulled meat, it has been dry. Extremely dry. People are friendly, pricing not bad. I'd just like to have something that isn't dry for once.This BBQ place was clean, friendly and had good fast food.  You order at the counter and then take your food to a table if you'd like.  We ordered pulled pork, brisket, pulled chicken, ribs, mac n chz, blueberry cobbler and green beans.  My husband said the pulled chicken was just ok but all other meat was good!  Lots of BBQ sauce options at the table too.  The sides were also just ok.  We'll def be back for more!Absolutely delicious and fresh barbecue and seafood. Sides are tasty and the wide selection of sauces is sure to please everyone at your table. Go with Baja Bold Desert Hot (at the condiment bar, not at your table) if you're looking for a kick. On top of the amazing food and friendly staff, this place screams national pride. Their support of our troops and law enforcement is enough to cement me in as Mission BBQ's newest regular.Peach cobbler. Get it. Enough on that. Food was good, staff friendly, fast service and decent portions. Found a new bbq place.As far as BBQ goes, Mission BBQ can hold it's on in the arena.  Between the seasoning, the selection of sauces (whatever floats your boat, you'll find it) and wide selection of options, your taste buds and your stomach will be satisfied.  My favorite is the chicken and the corn side.  
The customer service is beautiful.  Very friendly staff behind the counter and on the floor.  
Between food quality and customer service, Mission gets a 4 star.  The fifth star....
... is for the way Mission BBQ supports and takes care of service members.  We, as a country, do not show enough appreciation for our service members.  Yes, there are always going to be some bad apples in the police department.  And yes, we may not agree with how our government is utilizing the military.  Our service members and their families sacrifice so much more than a paycheck.  So, yeah... I really admire how Mission BBQ supports and takes care of the service members.  And so they get a 5 star rating.I'm still on the fence with this place. Some of the BBQ I experienced was fairly good, but seemed too salty for some reason. Some sides were ok, but others were clearly canned and reheated (string beans for example.) Portion sizes were average to small. Service was ok. I think I prefer Fat Jacks or Sweet Lucy's BBQ to this place. However I will stop in again and update this review if things change.Love that they support our military and local first responders.  The decor is fun and laid back. Ive ordered the salad with chicken multiple times and have always enjoyed it. Their fries are awesome also! I have eaten in and called for pick up and every time the staff has been pleasant and my order is correct.So much to the hype of the people I know who have been here in relation to charity events, this is an epic failure when competition is not a far drive away. Fully unaware that it is not a sit down,  my first let down. I go out to eat because I'm hungry, but mainly because I didn't feel like serving myself. The busboy although very helpful, isn't the same as a waitress who I'd like to tip for her services because I didn't feel like serving myself at home. Now to the food... Baby back ribs, fall off the bone yes, worth 18.99 a rack, not so much. Brisket, great bark, dry as hell! Cheddar jalapeño sausage was good, would have been better served hot so the cheese could be a better viscosity. Mac and cheese, again cold... What the hell people cold and things that should be gooey do not go together. Finally the free piece of corn bread. Don't ruin your platter with something free if it isn't epic. I LOVE corn bread, so much so that it's my signature item at the holidays, these piece not only were dry they had a moldy starch smell. 
They have a great theme and I'm happy the do so much for the police and veteran community but food wise... I won't be back anytime soon.Food is great and service is fast.  I've only got take out but the restaurant looks clean and well maintained.  In addition to good food they support the military and 1st responders.  That alone is reason enough to check them out.Went their twice - their buns are stale and fall apart when you eat them. They need to focus more on the food then the great cause they support. The pulled pork was very dry now matter how much BBQ sauce I had to smother it in.Amazing food and service !! Love what the company stands for and giving back to their community ! And they do catering !!!!!!Super salty & the meats are wayyy over smoked & dry. The best items were the Mac & cheese, baked beans & corn bread. That's literally it. Moving along...