Great food, nice people. Wonderful service. Family friendly environment. Huge variety of selections to please all different appetites. I love Mr P's! I've been to all of their locations. Same vibe at all. This is my neighborhood location. Fast delivery! Love their crispy fries, never greasy.They WILL get your order wrong. And they WILL be shockingly rude about it.  Pizza is overpriced and gross.Hands down the best pizza in Roxborough and Manayunk. Their food is always fresh and surpasses expectations every time! I highly recommend the buffalo chicken pizza!Stopped here randomly the blond woman ringing us up was very nice. We didn't try any food but the pizza but it was one of the best slices I ever had. I loved the thin crust.Just got lasagna delivered and it had a ton of meat in it!  The description online just says 'lasagna'.  The pizza is usually decent though.We ordered a Chicken bacon ranch pizza & a personal size Angel hair pasta with broccoli Alfredo. First off, the pizza is always good here. Secondly, if you ever find yourself questioning the size of the "personal" size pasta platter.... just know it's enough to feed a starving family of 8!!!! A little on the pricey side (+$3.00 just for broccoli added to the pasta) but so worth it.It's a very average and inexpensive place to go. Nothing here is really amazing but good for the most part. I wouldn't reccomend buying the more complicated dishes I'd stick to sandwiches and hoagies personally.Mr. P's is a prototypical pizza joint in a strip mall.  While everything is ok-to-good, nothing really shines, and nothing really stinks.  Eating at the restaurant is a much better experience than delivery, but only by a half-star. 
Entering Mr. P's one sees a wide variety of freshly made pizza.  PERFECT spot for a quick slice - and they heat it up before bringing it to you.  Weird service model - you order, find a seat, and they bring it to you.  Always uncomfortable knowing how much to tip. Paper plates and napkins are the rule.  Soda is available in bottle or on draft, but refills must be asked for.  Anything fried comes out piping hot, but it's all clearly frozen.  Pasta is good...not great...but at a fair price and large portion.  Pizza, in house, is 4-star. 
Delivery is where Mr. P's tends to fall short.  Pizza is often not really all that hot, fries are almost always cool, the pasta weirdly textured...things don't really survive the trip home.  The key to pizza is, however, as a leftover.  Mr. P's does NOT hold up well the next day.  Eat it fresh.  Pizza size is nice an large, if you order a large - which I recommend as best value.  Avoid the deep dish - it's just...thick.  Not bad, not good, just...thick.  
Unfortunately Roxborough has few really good pizza places, and none of those deliver.  Mr. P's is the best option for delivery, in my opinion.  Three stars for a solid, if uninspired, performance.I tried the Spaghetti and Meatballs and it was such a letdown since I ordered from there on a recommendation. The Sauce was BLAND and the meatballs were Mushy!!! I will not be ordering food from them ever again!Been there several times. Pizza is delicious. Cheesesteaks are really good. Service is good. Little noisy for me but other wise good little place. We be back for sure.                        Byob also.Ok! Stopped in again but this time tried the Mr P burger. It was delicious! Juicy, with nice melted cheese fully covering the burger, fresh lettuce and tomato. Very nice! Server was very polite and stopped by more than a couple of times to see if we wanted beverage refills, if everything was ok , etc.  I was a little surprised that fries or even a handful of chips didn't come with it ,though.  A $7 burger should have at least a few chips on the side. All in all I was happy this time. Four thumbs up!great place to stop in for a slice or two. one of the best mushroom pizzas around, and also a wide selection of the more funky toppings.
update: got a pie to go and its still good, but very different, fresh out of the oven. if you want the same great taste and texture as their by the slice stuff you need to let it cool off and then reheat later.It has taken us a year too long to write this review, but here goes. This restaurant is the most consistent place we have in the area - hence the reason we order so consistently!
Food wise, we typically get a normal cheese pizza. The ratio of cheese, sauce and dough is perfect! Cooked with just enough crispiness, it is our go-to Friday night dinner. When we decide to venture, we also aren't left disappointed. They make a great turkey sub, the Alfredo is delicious, and so is their gnocchi with blush sauce. Do yourself a favor, and order a half dozen garlic knots to top it all off! 
Environment wise, I can't say much as we normally order take out. However, the interior is just what you would expect from a pizza den. The customer service in the restaurant is good, and the staff really seem to work cohesively. I'm not sure if it's the manager or owner of this location, but we are always greeted by a friendly gentleman spinning pies when we walk in. When we order delivery, they come straight to our door with the food. 
Overall, this is a great little spot and we recommend to everyone to give it a try, especially if you like great food/pizza!Used to order from here all the time   I really like the mozzeralla and tomato hoagie with a side of tomato sauce for dipping. My friend loved their pasta dishes. 
Then they started going downhill. Would take forever for the order to come. Then twice it never came at all! We called and they had already closed and just never showed up. I actually can't believe I ordered again after the first incident. I learned my lesson after thatA true gem in Roxborough and the city as a whole. The pizza is awesome, and HUGE!!! The crust is super soft and fluffy, with just a taste of sweetness to it. Favorite pies are the taco pizza and mushroom (they use fresh mushrooms, not the canned type).
The cheesesteaks here are some of the best in the city, and some of the biggest in size that I have ever come across. Don't waste your time going to that tourist trap Dalessandro's, hit up Mister P's for your next cheesesteak! The Mister P's steak is my favorite. Just the right blend of sauce, cheese, mushrooms, and other goodies. Try it, you won't be disappointed.My husband and I love this pizza, of all the places in Roxborough. The pasta, hoagies, and appetizers are very good too. My dad was impressed, for such an unassuming place, it is very tasty. The owner made us a a surprise special bubbly bread with olive oil and seasonings. It was similar to lavash. It was a pleasant gesture from the owner.The best pizza in Roxborough and Manayunk. The crust is not too thick, not too thin, just perfect. There are so many toppings to choose from. My favorite's are any of the white with veggies, but the red pizzas are great, too. Excellent sauce and cheese. Delivery is a little slow, so order with that in mind.First off, my family is good friends with the owners here and they are the best people. With that aside, even if I didn't know the owners, I would highly recommend this shop. It may look like a little pizza shop in a strip mall (it is in the Ivy Ridge Shopping Center in Rox), but their pizza and non-pizza items are to die for. They offer a wide variety of non-pizza entrees and at the front of the store they have a whole bunch of pizzas out so you can just choose a whole mix of slices. 
I'm very much of a snob with pizza and their pizza is one of the few places that meets my standards. 
As for the hoagies, for me they are ok, but I have definitely had better. Their steaks are ok too, but not quite up to my standards either.Mr. P's has consistantly good pizza and pasta.  When I'm feeling lazy and want a homecooked style meal- I order from Mr. P's and pick up some pasta w/meatballs. Yaaas it's delicious. Their pizza is out of this world good too. They have slices that are relitively inexpensive and great garlic knots. I would recommend Mr. P's if your looking to spend minimal money for a nice bite to eat.What a pleasant stop in Lewes!  Others had recommended it but I was admittedly skeptical. Besides the great pizza, the beer offerings are a good way to get acquainted with local drafts and the service was tops!! I tried the nitro-version of an IPA and am looking forward to having it again.  Just as owner, Rick said the process makes for a creamier and smooth flavor. Highly recommend.Well, I found out something important as well as disappointing. The hamburgers here have all of the flavor, but the meatballs are in a different  class altogether.  Ready to enjoy a meatball sub at my recent visit, I was in for a surprise:  the meatballs had NO flavor at all and tasted as if they had been boiled. Yuk! They were very unappetizing, to say the least.  I won't be ordering this again for sure!Ordered a margherita pizza. There was nothing margherita about it. There were 2 basil leaves on it, the pizza was too big for the box and was shoved in it, and the crust was burnt.BEST CANNOLI IN PHILLY. 
No idea how this place doesn't have all 5 star reviews. My wife and I order Mr. P's from Grubhub frequently and we have Never had anything that we didn't just love. 
If you love cannolis, this place has hands down the BEST, fresh made in shop, cannolis. I've also had their tiramisu which was also very fresh, and delicious, it wasn't soggy like most. 
We have also had their "stuff your own" stromobolis, chicken parm, various pastas and calzones. Once again everything is super fresh, large portions (expect leftovers) and very flavorful. 
Mr. Ps is our go to Italian place in philly.Put an order online for a plain pizza in at 4:00 and arrived at 4:30 to pick it up and was told it would be at least 10 minutes!  Why does it take 40 minutes to cook a plain pizza?! I write this as I sit in their pizza shop and ponder the mismanagement that must be happening when it takes 40 minutes (make that 45) to cook a plain pizza. 
     I also watched another patron sit and wait five minutes for a pizza that had already been ready the entire time.  A customer came in and ordered on the spot, not beforehand like me, and walked out with food before I did.  This place is a joke.  Thankfully the food doesn't depend on the shops management.  cheese fries picture included.The lasagna we ordered was really good and a great porpotion, but we also ordered mozzarella fries and it was pitiful. They were barely any fries in the container, not even half filled and not worth the price that was payed for them. They were quick to send some more out to us which was the nice thing. Bassed off of the service we received, we would probably order pasta from them again.Good food, scantly laid out inside, has that 'ordinary " pizza shop feel.  Waitresses are greatI've eaten here a few times in the past few years and each time the food was as expected -- pizza was pizza, sauce tasted like typical pizzeria sauce, meatballs round and oregano-ey, nothing really bad or good, just "there". Acceptable, even.  A few times, downright delicious. Then I ordered something called a chicken sandwich. My advice, I'll tell you right off the bat, is don't do it! 
I should have asked what was meant by "Would you like a piece of cheese on it?" But I thought that's what the server meant- a slice or two of cold cheese. For me, no,not on chicken.  Then she asked if I wanted mayo or oil. So far so good:  a chicken sandwich with lettuce, tomato, slathered in some mayonnaise. That's what I expected:  pieces of tender chicken nestled on a bed of lettuce, accompanied by the complimentary tomato slice and some onions. But, that isn't what I got......
When she plunked the thing down on the table, I thought it was some kind of weird joke at first. Whatever the filling was it surely couldn't be chicken. It looked like a mountain of  pieces of very thin paper, all finely shredded and with curled edges. Drier than a bowl of feathers, it sat defiantly on the plate, daring me to take a bite. So, I did.  Tears almost formed in my eyes as I contemplated trying to eat the whole thing. I don't think they had enough iced tea in the place to make it possible! The darned thing was HUGE, I'll give it that. But palatable (or edible) - not so much. Server asked if anything was wrong. My reply was ,"A better question would be is anything right with this sandwich."  She popped her gum and gave me a blank look, saying "Huh?"
How could I ask her what this was:  A really bad cold chicken sandwich, or a naked, unforgiving imposter of a chicken steak (aka cheese steak but made with chicken)?  I just mumbled something unintelligible, pretending my mouth was full. Which it was. The confetti-like pieces just wouldn't go down. 
Sorry-- this time, I'd have to give this culinary concoction a one star rating. That is mainly for the bread, which was strangely pretty good.  I could have taken the rest home to use as pillow stuffing, but I wisely left it sitting there. Gladly.I ordered an Italian hoagie tonight. It came with two different meats(2 pieces each) very little lettuce,onions, THICK tomatoes. I ordered with mayo, very little on roll. No oil, they put oil! Oil and mayo?! IT DID NOT taste like a hoagie!! WORST hoagie in my 70 years. We gave up on their pizzas. Did not understand crisp on top and bottom. AND they don't put Italian seasoning on hoagie.
Does Mr P still run this place?On my first visit, I ate in and had a slice of their white pizza.  Quick service, yummy pizza, great prices.  Our second episode was delivery pizza and a cheesesteak- it came earlier than promised, super hot, and was everything I expected.  They will definitely be on the regular lineup whenever we're in need of a quick lunch while out shopping, or if we're feeling delivery.The food is hot and good. It's not special or memorable but if you need a hot meal in a hurry it is nothing to scoff at. Order was fresh and quick and the price wasn't terrible (but there are cheaper alternatives in the area).Really good italian food and some of the best pizza in the neighborhood. With a good 30 or so pizza shops in Roxborough it's saying a lot that this is one of the best.Positives - delivery driver was super nice and food arrived pretty quickly.
Veggie pizza that I've had in the past is really good
Negatives- ordered mozzarella sticks and a Mr. P pizza today. Mozzarella sticks were hot and delicious. Pizza was cold. I can understand at this time of the year it's hard to find ripe tomatoes but the hard, unripe tomatoes were cut into gigantic slices that were piled onto the pizza. Made it pretty hard to bite into it without the entire topping coming off. Mr. P pizza is
Supposed to also be topped with "shaved Parmesan" but it's definitely a canned, grated Parmesan.I have only tried Mr P's plain and white pizzas, but have been extremely pleased with both. Delicious!!
I will continue to come here and will try new menu items soon!I order from this place at least once a week! They are my Cheers for delivery. Love the Italian hoagie and get ur fries well done. Yummy crispy fries. It always comes fresh and hot.HIGHLY SUGGEST DO NOT ORDER DELIVERY FROM THIS PLACE. If I could give a lower star amount I would.  We ordered a plain cheese pizza and waited TWO HOURS.  We called them once and they said it was "out for delivery" after we had waited an hour and a half.  Finally at the two hour mark we called them again and they said they had an order from "the same number twice."  We never got a pizza.  Do not order unless you want to waste your night on waiting for simple delivery.Order ANYTIHNG on this menu you win EXCEPT THE SPAGHETTI AND MEATBALLS!..
All their food is very good, till I made the mistake of ordering the spaghetti and meatballs, on a whim... I hated myself for 2 hours afterward 
I like this place, but it was BAD, and the owners are right off the boat Italian.  
Pasta tasted like someone spilled soap in the water, the pasta was cooked perfect, but the sauce was terrible.  
Now meatballs in restaraunts, are always hit or miss..... they missed this one .. grainy, and ZERO seasoning, couple that with the sauce it was pretty bad 
Now its important to point out this was the 1st time in MANY years ive ever had a bad meal from Mr P., everything else they make is on pointGot a large plain pie from here one Sunday for take out.  The large here is 18 inches which is bigger that most.  It'll run you $13.95.  It's fairly straight forward pie classic white flour crust, typical sauce and lots of shredded mozzarella on top.  The fresh and hot slice when I got home was much better than the cooler slice that rested for a while.  Might consider giving them 4 stars but the price of a large used to be 11.95.Put an order online for a plain pizza in at 4:00 and arrived at 4:30 to pick it up and was told it would be at least 10 minutes!  Why does it take 40 minutes to cook a plain pizza?! I write this as I sit in their pizza shop and ponder the mismanagement that must be happening when it takes 40 minutes (make that 45) to cook a plain pizza. 
     I also watched another patron sit and wait five minutes for a pizza that had already been ready the entire time.  A customer came in and ordered on the spot, not beforehand like me, and walked out with food before I did.  This place is a joke. Thankfully the food doesn't depend on the shops management.  Cheese fries picture included.I am always so impressed when I get a young wait person and they are super customer service oriented and attentive.  Maybe I am just being ageist but it really does stand out to me, as did the young woman who was our server here.  
The food was a solid four star.  Pizza was fine, the pasta was copious and nicely garnished. My husband got one with olives, capers, and anchovies and loved it.  I wish they had real mushrooms instead of canned.  Can't have it all.
We will be back.This is a decent place for grabbing a slice or two of pizza.  The pizza is good and they have nice selections.  The rest of the food is mediocre.  I've definitely had better.  My advice would be to drive a 1/2 mile up Ridge Ave (toward Conshy) and try Pina's Pizza.  They have great pizza, excellent stromboli and large portions.Place is not that clean. The pizza was just ok. I won't eat there or order from them again. Defiantly not worth the money!Ever since my husband and I first visited this restaurant the day we were apartment hunting in the area, we have been fans. We get pizza to go at least once a week, and are always satisfied. We both tend to rotate among several of the same toppings, but every kind we've had is good. I definitely recommend the buffalo chicken or the chicken bacon ranch (it's an added bonus if you can get a slice with both on it).
We also enjoy that the employees recognize us and take the time to see how we're doing. It's a very friendly atmosphere, and I will be sad to be further than walking distance from it later this year.Good pizza in Roxborough area. Quality always the same except for one over done pie. Delivery available and take out. Nice staff and good food. Would recommend over other pizzerias in the area (tony ronis lol)This is the worst excuse for food I have ever tasted. The lasagna was soup. The chicken cutlet parmigiana hero was mostly muscle and flavorless. The eggplant parmigiana was served on a plate of undercooked pasta; and the raw pasta was the only flavor in the dish. The zeppole was solid raw dough.  
When I called to inquire about why the lasagna was just meat floating in an overly watery red sauce with melted cheese on top, I was told [by the girl who answered the phone] that she doesn't think the lasagna looks good either. Why is it that the person who knows what a lasagna is, is answering the phone while someone pretending to know how to cook is preparing the food. 
Would have given no stars if I could.I really enjoy the food and staff at Mr P's.  The pizza is great.  They always have about 8 different pies , if you just want a slice.  There's a lot of pasta choices and there great.  I live close by and get there often.  Give it a try.Will not be going back! Maybe the pizza is good (never had it), but the pasta is BAD. My chicken parm was bland, with almost no sauce or cheese. My boyfriend's ravioli came with 5 small raviolis and several cups of sauce. You had to go fishing for the pasta. Iceberg salads unremarkable.  Overall a total let down after we read the reviews.best pizza i have ever had in philadelphia. good pasta dishes and a decent cheesesteak. i am a regular.I stopped in here for a slice a few weeks back, the pizza was great!  It's very neighborhood-y, you can tell that it's a lot of the same customers.  It is BYOB, they do table service, but you can also just walk up to the counter to order.  Tried take out, and it was also very good, we will definitely be ordering from here again.Three words, BAKED ZITI PIZZA! No one does a baked ziti pizza like Mister P's. Also, their stuffed pizza is phenomenal. Solid food all around the menu. 4 stars.I ordered gnocchi's and they were not cooked all the way. I was disappointed I had to make another trip back to exchange it. Usually their food is very good.Dry food and burnt roll tonight. Usually pretty good but I have gotten the wrong order delivered before. Overall usually good but disappointed a few timesMy favorite Pizza in this part of the city.  The owner is super friendly and loves the community.  Straight from Italy, he has his crew doing things right.  :-)Best pizza in Manayunk roxborough area!
Food is delicious the girls at the counter are a little slow but the food makes up for all of that.
Thank you Mr.p!I stopped in to get a slice last weekend but the power was out. I only had a credit card and no cash. The owner was so friendly and insisted i still take the slice and said i can get him back next time I'm there.  Not only is the service awesome and the owner super friendly but the pizza and selection are tops! Thx Mr. P's!Decent food, not always the best delivery drivers. The one thing I recommend is the pizza. It's our go to for greasy pizza, but just don't take it personally if the drivers are rude. Last time the guy just dropped it on the porch of my complex. That was annoyingGreat place to grab a slice or order a sandwich. Amazing cheese steaks!! Quick service and decent delivery times. I always grab the Sicilian slice and the tomato pie slice to go for lunch.Updating for my friends and because I now live in the neighborhood. Mr. P still has the best pizza and I particularly like the variety of pizza they have on display. When I've had a long day and don't feel like cooking, I often stop here for a slice or two to go. The staff is really friendly, particularly the owners, and I always get efficient service. In addition, they've added a fun nicety lately at their shops of free sugar coated fried dough (not quite donuts) for you to snack on whilst waiting.
All the slices are good. I particularly enjoy their pepperoni, sausage, Sicilian and tomato pie slices. 
Roxborough has a pretty vast Italian population and with that, lots of Italian and pizza places. I have tried many since I've moved here and among them, Mr. P's remains my favorite.Opened a new place in East Norriton on Germantown Pike near DeKalb Pk 202, next to dollar tree.We came here after a recommendation from a friend who previously lived in this neighborhood swearing this was the best pizza around and we were semi-pleased with our simple quick dinner. I felt the selection of pizza available was very limited as I was looking for something with meat. I settled for my other favorite type of topping which was some sort of mushroom topping. The actual menu had a really good selection of other things like pasta and salads. Pizza was good.. much better than Costco but not the best I've had. There were some flies hovering over the pizzas on display waiting to be purchased and re-heated which was a little unappetizing.. but heat disinfects right? Good value... so-so pizza. Maybe we need to try the other things there, too. Very cute mom and pap feel to the place, and I'd be willing to order a pizza from here sometime to give it a second try.. Maybe.Ordered from here  for the first time  tonight. Terrible! Threw it right in the trash. Spaghetti and meatballs were awful. Zero flavor. It was like the sauce was just plain canned tomato. Not even salt or garlic seemed to be added . Meatballs were also mushy and flavorless. We also ordered the ziti with red sauce and ricotta. Same flavorless sauce but the ricotta helped a tiny bit. What a waste of money:(Today I wanted the lasagna and garlic knots. Boy was I disappointed  The food just was as tasty as before as if they changed seasoning. I'm not sure but I'm certain it was tastier otherwise I wouldn't be here. Also the garlic knots were a bit over cooked. 
The service is great, both young ladies are polite and professional. Needless to say I wasn't a happy camper. 
If they changed ingredients, spices or seasoning then they should go back. I won't return for tasteless lasagna. I'll pass. 
Oh the sodas are basically 2 bucks but if you go to Target you can safe some pennies. I'm thrifty so I got my beverage there.Some of the reviews below complained about waiting too long and about the food and prices. These comments are a mystery to us. I can only say that since the pandemic started, we have ordered takeout 4 times from Mr. P's in Roxborough, and every time the food was done exactly when they said it would be -- not a minute late. The pizzas, strombolis and wraps (the veggie wrap is AMAZING!) are delicious, and the prices are ridiculously low for the huge portions! For under $50 our last order wound up producing three dinners for the two of us! I don't know how they do it. We will be back again and again. They deserve to do a ton of takeout business. This place ROCKS!We had Mr. P's delivered tonight and everything was tasty! I got the Rustico Stromboli, Chicken Parm sandwich and mozzarella sticks!
The Stromboli was AMAZING! So much flavor!
The mozzarella sticks we're good but were cold when they got here. This was my favorite dish!
The Chicken Parm sandwich was also a delight and was my husband's favorite.
For contact free ordering The grub hub app said they would leave it on the door step and text when there but they rang the doorbell and waited to hand it to us- they were gloved and had a mask so still ok!