My husband and I came in with my best friend and her boyfriend on Father's Day because it was walking distance from the Mütter Museum and my best friend really wanted a cheesesteak.  We were all pretty hungry and indecisive but we decided on the garlic parmesan wings to start...they were effin incredible!  We ordered the 16 piece because we didn't expect them to be so big...we couldn't finish them but dammit if we didn't try. They were huge, crispy, fresh, and generously seasoned.  
I ordered the eggplant parm sandwich with a side of fruit. Both were delicious, and I was pleasantly surprised to find fresh diced pears in the mix. I could only eat half of my sandwich after those wings happened, my poor husband had to finish it for me. downside was my husband was pissed about spending $2 extra for the fruit substitution.  Cry me a river.
My best friend was quite pleased with her cheesesteak but needed help to finish hers, too.
My husband got the chicken ranch sandwich and had no complaints, either...except he asked for no onions or tomatoes and got both but they were on the side so he could deal with it.
My best friend's boyfriend got the ultimate mix sandwich,  and I'll tell you what, as much as I enjoyed my eggplant I had ultimate order envy. He let me try it and it was amazing...I'll probably have to order that next time.
All in all, it was a pretty good experience.   The waitress was friendly and never let our glasses get empty.  After we got our wings it took a while for her to get our orders but we were preoccupied anyway. The place was clean and smelled amazing, I'd have no trouble coming back or recommending it to friends!Enjoyed dinner here after watching the comedy sports show. The service was great. We had the chicken penne meal, a chicken on mixes green salad, and a cheese steak. The food was great as well.What a bummer!  I was so looking forward to a place in the neighborhood to sit down with a great pizza and a cold one.   Couldn't wait to get my first taste of their pies.  Eeesh!  A really nice, crispy thin crust absolutely destroyed by overly sweet sauce and way too much garlic.  If they would just license Slice's recipe, you'd never get me out of the place.This place is quaint and clean and has NY-style huge-slice, thin pizza with just about any topping you want.   Staff is friendly.  Maybe a bit pricey, but handy for that area.Excellent thin crust pizza with a very good crust that keeps me coming back. They put garlic and paprika and spices on the crust and it makes it AMAZING! Really cheap slices for the area. It's $3 for a specialty slice (ANY SPECIALTY!) and you can't beat that. Their veggie is amazing and the buffalo chicken is good. They've been doing this excellent roast peppers with red onions and fresh tomatoes. And they have this great spinach pie with mushrooms, you really can't go wrong. Also the bar is cheap for the area. A pint is $3-5 and the servers are fast and nice. Their happy hour has half price pints so its perfect to slip in before a show at the First Unitarian and then hit up afterwards for a drink.
Bathrooms are super duper clean. All I've had here is pizza and beer, but I've seen people order pasta dishes and they look great.
OH! And the bread pudding is homemade and good.So my work moved buildings so that i am closer to Mix than i was previously. I have to say that i am very happy that Mix is in my new "lunch neighborhood".
Their pizza is very good and they offer a wide variety of slices that you can pick from. I especially enjoy their buffalo chicken pizza because there is a great blend of spice and ranch.
As for their other menu items i am very satisfied with everything i have ever ordered. Their chicken sandwich is especially tastey. In all i highly recommend Mix to anyone looking to grab a slice for lunch, and as a place to start their night with some food and drink before hitting the town.What a great little local place for pizzas, etc.  I had a chicken philly which was amazing and a huge portion.Pizza is decent but unfortunately EVERY SINGLE TIME I order they make a mistake. Even on grubhub when the order is typed out they mess it up. Just ordered a margherita pizza and it was delivered without the basil! Just sauce with random globs of mozzarella. Have also ordered greek salads where they forget feta and any special requests (example extra meat) are without fail forgotten. 
I have lost all my patience with this restaurant and will no longer order here. If you want your food prepared correctly, look elsewhere.I came here for a birthday event with a bunch of friends. I ordered the creole chicken with pasta instead of rice and it was delicious. I love the sauce for it, tasty and right thickness to it. The pizza is amazing! It was thin and tasty, but not too thin where it is super crispy. I would only give three stars, because I need to come back more often to try out the food. Overall the experience was good and the waitress was nice and helpful. The only thing I didn't like was that there was no AC on at the time. Instead we had ceiling fans, which made it super hot on top of the opening doors.This place is just generally solid. Their slices are great when they are fresh. And all slices so so when they are not... you know like every other pizza joint in he country. But what made me update my review was straying from my norm. Got their Farfalle Pasta dish with chicken in a Parmesan cream sauce. Normally comes with mushrooms but they were kind to replace with spinach instead at my request. Only $11 and it was a nice huge weighty dish. Tasted great too which is good cause I was dying for good pasta. But who wants to shell out $15 or more in Rittenhouse for just plain old spaghetti and meatballs? This was just prefect. Right portion right price. And staff is kind and nice as always.I went to Mix back in January with my boyfriend, his mother and our roommate. It was a nice time. It's nothing fancy by any means but they have great pizza! We ordered one with a specific name but I can't remember what it was called. It had roasted peppers and red onions on it. It was a white pizza. We ordered their hummus platter to start and that was a wonderful idea! There were three types of hummus on the plater: red pepper, original and baba. All three were insanely good and it came with pita and veggies! We all enjoyed the meal and it is not a bad place for something tasty, quick and inexpensive.I have come here on many occasions since I live in the connected building. I almost always get the pizza and they do have amazing pizza!! The location is extremely convenient but I think I would still make the trip over if I did not live so close. They have slices for $3 which is a great deal, also good deals on happy hour drinks during the week. I absolutely love the garlic knots but they are often out of them. I have also tried a few of the pastas, salads and apps from here, all of which were good! Most of the staff is friendly and helpful. They are also connected to victors bar right next door so you can eat in either location and order drinks from the bar. They have lots of outdoor seating which is great for the summertime. Definitely recommend checking this place out for a casual dinner or lunch!Mix is hands down my favorite and go to bar in Philadelphia, PA.  You can say it's become my local bar.  The owner is super nice (you can usually find him there) and the bartenders are really nice as well. Mix always has some sort of drink specials on any given night (my favorite are their $3 beers or their bloody-mary's on Sunday).   Their dirty martini's, bloody mary's, and Bluemoons (the coldest you can drink in the city) are awesome.  For food they have the best spanish fries (fries, seasoning, onions, and jalapenos), mozzarella sticks, and brick oven pizza.  My favorite pizza I would have to say is their meat pizza.  On the weekends their western omlette's are awesome.  I will definetly be returning here again and again.Brick oven has a lot of specialty pizzas that are all a solid choice. The service was very good and they can get a pizza out to your table quickly!My husband and I decided to give this place a try after checking out there menu and yelp reviews. Plus it wasn't too far of a walk from our hotel. We were quite disappointed with the place though. I don't think I will be returning. The food was decent and the staff was friendly but the atmosphere inside the restaurant turned me off. The hostess asked us if we would like to eat outside on the patio or inside the restaurant. Well seeing as it's late July and we've been in the heat most of the day we asked that we be seated inside. However, the place was so hot and the front door was wide open. We basically had to sweat through our meal which made the experience pretty awful. I had the Victors favorite pizza and my husband had a chicken Parmesan sandwich....both recommended by our server. They were both good choices but not great.Great Pizza - I was there when they opened and it was good. I went again and it was real good. I had my first Pinapple and Ham there and loved it.  The 2nd time I got the mushroom and it was a 10.Oredered the following to go on 2/24/14:
Ultimate Mix 
8 oz. rib eye, red onion, cherry peppers, banana peppers and white mushrooms in a steak sauce. Topped with cheddar cheese and spinach dressed with balsamic vinaigrette served on a hoagie-style roll with garlic mayonnaise.
What I got: crappy dry ground steak (like youd find on a bad cheesteak)...no mushrooms, no steak sauce, no cheese, no vinaigrette, all on a soggie bun. Needless to say, won't be going back.I come here for lunch every once in a while and although the food is good (just good, nothing to write home about), the service keeps getting worse and worse. The blonde girl who works the back bar during lunch is miserable and rude and we've waited over a half hour for sandwiches at lunch three now. I understand everyone has a bad day and I know working the lunch shift sucks, but COME ON! Put a smile on your face and suck it up, or get a new job! I keep giving them another chance but we def won't go back! Many other options in center city for a quick lunch!!The pizza here is really great- thin, crispy crust and a lot of food for the price. The bbq chicken and white spinach are my favorites. I'd also recommend the spinach salad with apples and walnuts, which never disappoints. They've got Stella on draft.The WORST tasting pizza in Philadelphia!!! Do not go here.. its so gross and disgusting, the next day I had food poisoning because of it. I saw the waitress drop some fries on the floor and serve it to a customer wow! frozen pizza tases a million times better then this garbage. I should have listened to other reviews. Stay far far away from this garbage more like the Pitts then the MixWow!  I have never eaten an entire pizza at one sitting before but tonight I did.  The Tomato Pie was so delicious, perfect crust, fresh tomatoes, great pesto, just the right amount of olive oil, simply scrumptious!  I am stuffed like a Thanksgiving turducken and I would do it again.  Although not soon because that's not healthy but that doesn't mean that you can't go and do it for me!The pizza here was amazing. The crust was just the right amount of thin, and there was just enough cheese & sauce (not overly greasy either like some places). I had one of the vegetarian Mediterranean pizzas (can't remember the name exactly as this visit was a week ago). I will definitely be going here again.Been here a couple of times when my friends and I are too lazy to go elsewhere and I'm always surprised at how good the pizza actually is.  Loads of toppings and flavor.  I believe the owner hangs out here a lot in the outdoor seating or maybe he's just a regular who knows everyone who works here.  The service is good and I had no complaints.They have a surprisingly good burger and fries for a pizza place.  And the pizza is good, with a lot of pies featuring well-thought-out but non-traditional toppings standing by.  And they have a full bar.  Yah.Through the grapevine, I knew I had to give Mix Brick Oven Pizza a chance and try both their pizzas and their cheese steak. So on a recent weeknight, the GF and I ordered from there via GrubHub.
Capri Pizza ($18.50)
18'' pizza, mozzarella, spinach, broccoli, tomatoes, olive oil, garlic.
Pizzas come in both a small (12'') or large (18'') size. We went with a fresh option, which starts with the basic components of a white slice, with the heft of cheese, olive oil, and garlic. Atop that rested a slew of veggies including juicy tomatoes, broccoli and spinach.
This was a fresh take and a well-constructed pizza, though the dough could be a bit crisper. The crust was slightly chewy and had hints of garlic as well.
Philly Cheese Steak ($7.95) 
Fried onions, American cheese
I was really surprised by the cheese steak - in a good way! This was not the least bit greasy, but honestly - this may be one of the best cheese steaks I've had in Philly. In fact, the GF is someone who does not enjoy any cheese steak (I know, I know - sometimes I wonder ...). Yet, she declared that it was the only cheese steak she has ever enjoyed in Philly.
The soft roll threw me off a bit, but the quality of the steak was on point, the onions were hefty, and the American cheese was completely creamy and well interspersed throughout the steak. Each bite seemed to melt in my mouth. Clearly, the Geno's/Pat's/Jim's (yes, I said Jim's) of Philly  need to take notes. The accompanying fries were well-seasoned, if not a bit limp. 
Eggplant Parmesan Hero ($8.95)
The eggplant parm was housed within a crusty roll, and while the cheese was clearly prevalent, the eggplant wasn't abundant. Not my favorite eggplant parm ever.
Spaghetti Carbonara ($11.95)
Spaghetti, smoked bacon, peas, garlic, parsley, parmesan cheese sauce.
The pasta was perfectly al dente, the peas were abundant, and the thick-cut bacon (not pancetta) was hefty, though not crispy. However, the sauce could have been seasoned a bit more - either the prototypically salty parmesan was not abundant within the sauce or there was simply a lack of S&P. Still, it was a decent iteration of carbonara.
Onion Rings ($5)
The onion rings here are coated with a subtly sweet, crispy batter that was delicious. They retained their crunch despite delivery and were accompanied by a marinara that was begging to be mopped up.
Well, I can certainly attest to the fact that Mix Brick Oven Pizza offers up one of the better non-artisanal pizzas in Philly and their cheese steak is not to be missed! You would definitely benefit from getting an order of onion rings as well.We picked up a 12" pizza and a salad to share for dinner. The Greek Salad was OK, a bit sparse on non-lettuce items but it's a pretty difficult to screw up dish.  The pizza had onions, mushrooms, roasted red peppers, and olives on it.  It tasted good, but the crust was a bit too thin and soggy for my taste.  Overall, though, it was a solid place to get takeout when you need to.  We waited probably 10 minutes for our food to be ready.  The total price seemed a couple of bucks high for what we got.
They also seem to have good drink specials for happy hour and brunch (though $3 a cocktail for brunch in a BYO city might not actually be so great? I don't know).Had worst meal and service ever here. Drinks bad too. Don't waste toy hard earned $$!  NO STARS if  it was option!Really good pizza! My friends and I ordered the "South Philly" with wheat crust. It comes with a bunch of fresh tomatoes, kalamata olives, spinach, mushroom, and roasted red pepper and is topped with mozzarella. I love that wheat crust is an option here, and it tasted really good. Prices are on the higher side but are in the range of what you pay for specialty pizza. And the pizzas are large -- we shared an 18" pizza between the 3 of us and had some leftovers. I can't wait to come back for happy hour when it's finally warm enough to sit outside and have good pizza and beer!Based on pizza alone, I'd give this 4 stars no problem. However, pretty much everything else is kind of forgettable here. Not to say bad, just forgettable. 
I had brunch here sunday. The eggs were very greasy, the toast about as dry as possible, bacon was OK. Everybody's pizza was pretty good though. Gotta love garlic on the crust, the more the merrier. 
So pizza = good. Happy hour specials = good. Everything else, meh. Untested, but they also have cheap sunday drinks (mamosas and bloody marys).I've eaten here twice recently, once with friends at a brunch and most recently tonight with my friend who I highly recommended Mix to because I had a great time there. Thus far, I've tried the Capri and BBQ Chicken pizzas, I'm a bit torn as to which I like better.  I got a few garlic knots with marinara sauce and my friend split a huge piece of chocolate fudge cake with me, very rich but yummy!  The waitresses were friendly and helpful, and split our check into 2 checks which was great. I think I'll try ordering delivery from them when I want to stay in and I'll be back with friends, fun place, really great pizza!AWFUL LUNCH AT VICTORS...ordered the LATIN TURKEY CLUB that was the most plain sandwhich i ever tasted..it was missin the PEPPER TURKEY it said it came with  and the cilantro and the red onion.. and cheese i ordered with it..i substituted salad for chips...told the waitress it wasnt what i ordered with it still on my plate and  just said sorry and gave us the check...still with the club on it and an upcharge for the salad...BAD BUSINESS!!!!Mix is one of my all time favorite places for PIZZA! Let me reiterate, for Pizza. I give them 4 solid stars based on my love their pizza. If I were rating them on other foods as well I'd probably go with a 3.
I'm not a huge fan of pizza and I have to be in a mood for it. That being said Mix was one of the first places that won me over instantly with their pizza. And Is THE place I compare all other pizza places to.
Something about that wood fired dough. Thin (but not too thin) and crunchy. A very flavorful dough. The perfect combination of spice and grease from the pepperoni. It's heaven. The pizza at mix is garlic-y. Perhaps a bit too garlic-y for my tastes but that doesn't stop me from thoroughly enjoying their pie.
When I'm in Philly I stop at Mix quite a bit. I've tried several of their dishes none of which I've ever been inspired to have again. In fact nothing I can say I really enjoyed. Once dish in particular the watermelon gazpacho I actually returned. That soup was horrible. A watery broth that tasted nothing of watermelon and diced herbs and veggies floating around in it. I thought gazpacho was supposed to be pureed? Well this wasn't. Hopefully they have taken this off the menu by now.
The restaurant itself is very cute. Be prepared to swelter if you sit near the front because that oven throws off some serious heat. Design flaw, the restrooms sit smack dab in the middle of the restaurant. So be prepared to feel super awkward if you have the need to relieve yourself. Also do not by any means get those few tables situated right outside the restroom. AWKWARD. Not to mention gross.Had a slice here for the first time this past weekend. Joe's (both locations) is much better for full pies or slices, and Lazaros does a better (although sweeter-sauced) slice.Umm, hi. 
Buffalo Chicken pizza is my new "thing." I ordered a 12'' pie ($13.50) tonight and asked for extra crispy crust. It's amazing, I'm on my fourth slice, and I'm not feeling the least bit guilty. 
Just kidding, I totally hate myself right now but I am loving this pizza.For the second time in as many weeks, I found myself aboard the Septa R2 heading into Philly to meet an old friend for some dinner and conversation. Because we were both more interested in business than pleasure, we kept the restaurant selection fairly casual. She, knowing the neighborhoo, chose this homey pizzeria. 
We entered and the look was rather unassuming. At first, I thought it would be the type of place where you place your order at the counter and go sit down; I was pleased to find we would be waited on instead. 
Drinks were standard, especially for me. Just a water, please! We split an order of the nachos as an appetizer and they weren't terribly memorable. I do believe there's something intoxicating about Cheez-Whiz, but I just don't feel it's an appropriate application on nachos. But we were eating in a pizza joint, so what right do I have to call such a thing into question? The nachos also suffered from someone using a heavy hand with the salsa/pico de gallo. In my decidedly warped world, nachos should be topped with fresh veggies and then served with salsa on the side. Not here. As well, the requested grilled chicken for an additional $2 seemed to be neither grilled present nor grilled; I came upon perhaps three tiny chunks.
The pizza was far better, though. And perhaps I should be a little more lenient with my star rating. We ordered something with ricotta, tomato, spinach, tomatoes, and a crap-ton of garlic. Crust was perfectly crusty and slightly blackened and boiled from being cooked in the brick oven. Toppings were nicely proportioned so as to not weight down the crust. And, at about $10 for a 12-inch pie that fed both of us well, we got out of there paying a reasonable amount for some good pizza and underwhelming nachos.
Not sure I'd return to Mix's, but I'd recommend it to anyone interested in a quick slice in that part of town.Mix, I love your pizza creations, but I think you shouldn't make so many at a time.  They sit out for too long and start to look gross.  Maybe if you could make fewer, they wouldn't sit out so long?
My favorite: the one with the spinach and the dollops of ricotta.  Yum!
More to add: getting a whole pie is much better.  Very tasty.  Fast delivery too.At $2.25 a slice, it was the right price for a plain slice, but last night I paid $2.75 for the plain slice. This just isn't worth it. You guys need to put a little more cheese on your pizza. It used to be so good!I love this place, and I don't even eat pizza! It's great for people who love pizza but have one or two friends who don't want pizza. For those folks, I recommend the Greek salad, the chicken schwarma wrap, and the turkey and avocado sandwich.I'm new to the area and ate here because it smelled good and had nice outdoor seating. I really wasn't impressed by the pizza at all. I ordered buffalo chicken and the chicken was basically gray cubes and it looked and tasted pretty gross, I actually decided to pick it off because it was that bad. The buffalo sauce and ranch was my favorite part. I did like the thin crispy crust, and our waitress was really good. Will probably explore other options before returning.Mix is my go-to for a quick lunch/dinner fix. You can ask for (and will receive) any kind of substitution on the menu and they are never offended by requests. The garlic knots are really yummy, not too garlicky and the perfect amount of chew. The pizza is not "the best" but I love the selection and my sister and I have fallen for the buffalo chicken and ranch chicken pizza. 
On our most recent visit I had the steak salad and it was awesome, lots of meat and freshly prepared (aka not pre-made). The previous time we ordered take-out for a group sporting event that consisted of wings, two large pizzas and garlic knots - everyone was pleased.
Whenever I find myself in need of a fast hunger remedy I find myself at Mix. Whether it's a nice big salad or much needed grease for the morning/afternoon after a big night, Mix doesn't disappoint. Convenient location and super fast dine-in and take-out.Excellent tomato pie...even better with cheese on their tomato pie!  They do not skimp on the cheese and it actually tastes like cheese!  I have had the regular cheese pizza there.  I would highly recommend the tomato pie with cheese instead.  So delicious.  Very garlicky and has great pesto on the pizza.Their crust has garlic in it.  HELLOOOOOO. Why doesn't anyone else do that?? I love their buffalo chicken pizza.  Garlic knots are not so good though.  They're very dry.  Whatever, the pizza is delicious!!Mix is a great place to have a filling lunch on the cheap. Their tomato pie slice is drizzled with pesto, and the veggies are FRESH on the spinach/mushroom slice. I appreciate this- nothing is grosser to me than canned mushrooms. The crust is thin and had garlic powder toasted on top. 
Fancy slices run around $3 each. You can sit down and eat without getting wait service, too.The pepperoni pizza was crazy delicious! The sausage was average. Reasonably priced and seemed likey had a pretty expansive menu. I was here at 6pm on a Saturday night and it was pretty jam packed. They have a bar connected in the back. Overall, I think this is a good pizza joint :-) I'll be back to try some of tyheir specialty stuff or maybe have a pint!great for a slice or a pie. They have a cute little bar in back. They have TVs to watch games on. It is an easy, clean, and casual spot to grab some fresh and delicious pizza.I have been to MIX a couple of times and found it to be pretty good. The service is meh, and some of the people are straight up rude! 
The Tomato Basil and Mozarella pizza is pretty good...not enough cheese though. Left me wanting more.
If I go back, I will definitely get their steak salad. By far the best thing about this place. Also, their drink specials for Sunday brunch are quite appealing...$3Mimosas, bloodies and domestic bottles.Amazing food. My favorite is the nachos, pizza and tilapia. Very nice staff and would definitely recommend!!Food is solid. Pizza has garlic in the crust that makes you eat everything. Also the bartender is super sweet. Great spot for quick food.Ordered a chicken sandwich for delivery. The piece of chicken was minuscule - less than half the size of the bun and incredibly thin. Very disappointing.Delicious place!  Pizza is great. Appetizers yammi. 5* Service.  Kids friendly,  lots of parking.I absolutely love their brick oven pizza!
There was a time when I ordered twice a week from here.
Delivery is really fast and every time u order online and add any comments about ur food they are usually followed very well.
Good job with that!
Their crust is to die for.
My favorite pizza(being a vegetarian) is margarita which has fresh mozzarella and basil on it.and I always make sure to add onions on it.
They are a bit overpriced but overall I would recommend u to go n try it out! It's worth it..I have eaten here twice and had it delivered once--each time I had excellent service and the pizza was fantastic. My favorite is the chicken ranch pizza.Great wood-fired pizza.  Menu options and types of pizza were awesome.  Great crust, many types of toppings. Creative, gourmet slices.  Beer and pasta choices were nice. They stay open late, 12? And I think deliver as well.   A must-try pizza.Pizza joints are usually either Italian owned and operated or run by people of Mid-east origin. Mix, I do believe, is of the latter variety. I can tell by the style of pizza...but this is not to say that one is better than the other - there are plenty of good, bad, or downright fantastic places on both ends of the pizza style-spectrum. That being said, Mix delivers a really nice slice. 
            I got a slice of veg. They didn't have a Margherita available (first clue that it's not owned by Italians), so I got my no. 2 standard. It was on a super thin crust that was so covered with granulated garlic on the bottom that I nearly turned inside out with both glee and dread (for anyone wh would have to talk to me in the next 24 hours). It was delicious, with balanced ratios of pizza elements that resulted in no additional spicing or cheesing needed. 
           One star withheld for atmosphere; I felt like I was sitting in a nightclub. It was dark and loud with top 40 dance. There should be neon signs flashing somewhere or a dj in a booth in the corner, or maybe just a reinactment of a scene from "A Night at the Roxy". But I quietly ate my slice and ducked out, swirling in a garlicky haze. I will definitely chalk this up to one of my go-to pizza joints...so very welcome in a city that is sorely lacking in decent pies. Italian or no, Mix delivers.I went in here with a friend for supper. The pizza was very good, and the service was quick. We were impressed because it was 6:00 on a Saturday and we were afraid they'd be packed. There were a lot of people there, but we were seated and served immediately. The waitress was wonderful, professional and cheerful.We are here weekly, enough said. Their tomato pie is excellent. The workers are hilarious and really nice to get along with...enjoy!Love the pizza, salads and sandwiches at Mix. This is my favorite neighborhood place for a drink and bite to eat!I'm really surprised at the mediocre ratings this place has gotten for their pizza. Obviously, no one is trying the Midtown pizza. It is heavenly! Chopped tomatoes, spinach, feta cheese and garlic--what's not to love about that? I seriously get one about every other week.
They also have some decent salads, decent beer selection, and plenty of outdoor seating. The neighborhood really needed this place.I am hooked on to their bbq chicken pizza... I usually get the 3 $ slice to go. I was especially impressed when their credit card machine was not working and I had no cash on me they gave me a slice on the house. Their bbq chicken wings are great also. Wish they had a better selection of soft drinks to go with it.This cute little place was perfect.  The staff was extremely kind and helpful. This place was also storey affordable.  We had a killer lunch with pizza and a steak sandwich with four cocktails and it was less than 20 $ a person.  The body marrys blew my mind.  The food quality is above average but below amazing and that's ok!  It couldn't have been better.  Go go go.This pizza place is great.  The atmosphere is like a typical pizza place with a bar..who could ask for anything better. The pizzas on there menu range from traditional to unique. I typically do not order off the pizza menu but I did get the cranberry salad once and it was outstanding. The pizza is very tasty but has a strong garlic taste..I'm a big fan of garlic so I liked it but if you are not you might want to consider this. I went for their brunch one time and was not thrilled. There was a limited selection and the service was slow. I enjoy their dinner/lunch menu and highly recommend this. The price range is very reasonable.I've been wanting to pay Mix a visit since it opened (pizza place + liquor license = um, heaven?) and went recently for a happy hour with some folks from work.  The bartender was attentive and delightful, and mixed us up some delicious peach martinis at agreeable happy hour prices.  The slice of buffalo chicken pizza I had hit the spot, and the fries I shared with the table were of a very pleasing texture and taste.
The one negative thing I will say is that the bottled beer is, for the most part, overpriced.  Seven dollars for Hoegaarden? Really?Me and my girlfriend just ate here and we're from Baltimore Maryland. We came to philly for a little getaway and it was really good food. The Cesar salad was fantastic with the garlic knots. The pizza was good, a little too much sauce just it was fine.Pizza at Mix is a lot better than my first visit here. Ask for the pizza to be  "extra crispy", you won't regret it! Their Buffalo Chicken pizza and White Spinach pizza are my favorites. 
As far as sides go, I wasn't too impressed with my last order. Got hot wings, garlic parm wings, and fries. The wing sauces weren't mind blowing and the fries were soggy. Maybe I'm just mad because I had pommes frites two days before. The wings were huge, though! 
Be aware of pizza that has been sitting out for too long. Fresh pies is probably your best bet.I went in and asked if the kictchen was still open before i ordered a beer. i made my order and a couple minutes later appaerntlky i could only get pizza. i declined and decided to finish the beer, although they did give me a free slice of pizza i didn't really want. All in all it wans't the worst place i've been but nothing specailFast, Good, but not Cheap. Well, you know what they say. I can only comment on the pizza by the slice. It's the only thing I stop in for.Got two slices before heading to work. Not sure about the prices because I didn't pay for it (I love my friends!). The pizza was OK, a bit cold for coming RIGHT out of the oven. Felt like an oven while waiting inside too =\ Three stars because ricotta and tomato white pizza is awesome!Needed lunch for my family (7 of us) between 2 kids hockey games at UPenn Ice Arena.  We walked down Chestnut and had great service and delicious pizza from Mix.  Definitely be back when "stuck" in the city during hockey season.
Decor is a little eclectic, but didn't ruin our lunch.Awesome!!! This is my go to bar/restaurant. The owner is super cool and almost always there. You can never miss him in his dreadlocks!! Not only are their drinks reasonably priced compared to Center City prices, but the bartenders are super fun and know what they are doing! Look out for Matt and Lauri. 
Also they are know for their Brick oven Pizza. I can eat that pizza Everyday! My recommendations are their Meat Pizza, Mozzarella Sticks and SPANISH FRIES!!! Their Happy hour have the best choices and priced between $2-5!!!I'd eat from here again. My friend Yoonjie states that, "They have a good vegetarian selection". Which they do. We ordered the Mid Town and the Garden pizzas. The Mid Town was fantastic. Both of the crusts could have been crispier as they made the pizzas a bit soggy. But the feta on the Mid Town definitely made up for it. 
Overall okay pizza place. Very quick as we got our two 12 inches in 20 minutes.Although the food is nothing to rave about, they have great drink specials.  A great place to bring friends for happy hour or Sunday Funday! Surprisingly, it has one of the better Bloody Marys in the city. Their pre-mix is a perfect combination of tomato juice and spices. Their spanish fries are worth getting and pizza is always a great option.Mix offers solid pizza in a pinch and at a very affordable price. I would consider this more of a NY style pizza overall. You can get a whole pie made fresh, or slices that are reheated in their pizza oven. 
Kudos to the owners for the adjacent bar!I would have loved to give a review on the food, but I can't. 30 minutes after ordering, and after a follow up call regarding our dessert order, they informed us we were out of their delivery zone. Where are we? CHOP. With our sick kid. So thanks. We appreciate you literally not going out of your way.I love their pizza but service is sometimes great and sometimes awful. However, the pizza comes out fairly quick, is flavorful, and so I go with low expectations for their service.We totally stumbled across this place by accident and thought it would be decent.
The weather is getting pretty nice in Philadelphia and so we decided to sit outside (the inside didn't look nice at all). We over-ordered food (like we always do). We had the tomato basil original pizza, wings, and spagetti with meatballs. The spagetti was decent, the wings and pizza were great. We ate and drank a bottle of wine for a great price (60 bucks). We also heated up the pizza and wings today and they were horrible. Don't think about packing your food for home!
The food is really a three but I had such a great time outside, I'm giving it a four.Good NY pizza slices and apple cranberry salad. Table and bar service was great. Food came faster than I expected. Server was friendly and helpful. Beer selection was strong. I had a local ipa that I didnt care for but I appreciated the selection. I would definitely return when in mood for easy atmosphere with good 'za and deep drink menu.This is our go-to place for nights we want to go out but want to keep it casual. 
Food is excellent -- far better quality than you'd expect from a corner pizza joint: Fantastic pizza, very good pasta options, plenty of healthy options like salads and an amazing hummus platter. 
Happy hour specials are VERY reasonable $4 for wine, $3 for beer. We usually sit outside, but inside is cozy and has several TVs if you want to catch a game.
Service staff has been amazingly good to us: Always friendly, helpful and attentive.I normally love Mix and find their sit-in service. However, I recently placed an order for delivery and received a Greek salad that was (no joke) completely unappetizing. The lettuce was brown and wilted, while the veggie were soggy and spongy. Nothing looked fresh, not even edible. I was pretty unhappy with what I received and called Mix in the hopes they would refund me ONLY the cost of the salad. No such luck. I'm not a picky eater at all, but I don't want to pay for something that I couldn't eat. I am extremely disappointed in the way Mix handled the situation, and they have lost a frequent customer as a result.Come to this place for lunch/ dinner when Im working. Great pizza, cannot beat $3.00 for any slice. Service is sometimes something to be desired, but the pizza is always good.Mix has the food in the area!!! Have been going for years and never have had a bad meal!