Not the best prepared sushi inthe city by a longshot, but for quick (and I mean quick), cheap sushi with a long menu, Mixx is great.I must say I'm very disappointed, my two stars are for presentation and prompt delivery. I ordered the rainbow roll, white tuna roll, calamari and chicken lettuce wraps. Where do I begin? ok with the bad. 
I strongly feel that when you are delivering food that should be served cold, you don't put it in a bag with hot food because that equals mushy, warm sushi, which is what I got. The rainbow roll, which normally is topped with raw fish was topped with mushy avocado????? which I ended up peeling off to salvage the sushi. The spicy white tuna roll was very good.
The calamari looked like chicken fingers all the breading was falling off and it was under cooked, I took one bite and tossed it. Now I've had lettuce wraps before but mines came with an actual head of lettuce in a bag and chicken filling in a plate. It was not described this way in the menu at all. All in all I don't think I'll be ordering from here again. I'll stick to Niji's on 5th.After experiencing other sushi destinations, I found that Mixx cant compete. First off, the all you can eat deal is nothing more than just rice. You might as well go make some rice at home or order some at local Chinese takeout. They use ridiculous amounts of rice for the typical sushi and rolls. At times, they drown the specialty rolls in sauce too. 
The only bright spots in this place are: byob and dragon roll. I did enjoy the dragon roll from here but thats about it.our group went the other day and though the food was good, personally i thought it wasn't that special.. it's average.
there were 8 of us and i can only remember that there were 3 bento boxes, a general tso's and my katsu; oh and i split the quail egg wrapped around in bacon with a friend which by the way cost us $7 for just 2 sticks of 3.. but it was good! and we had a bottle of sake.. overall the bill was around $150, not bad.
I hear MIXX has this awesome sushi deal around lunchtime.. word of mouth by my boyfriend who loves sushi, i think i'll go back next time to just try that.They seriously served us sushi on PRINGLES!  I am not even lying.  I forget what appetizer this was we ordered BUT IT CAME OUT ON PRINGLES!  There's inventive and there's cheesey.  Everytime I think about that, I think about Kitchen Nitemares with Gordon Ramsey and what the hell he'd have to say if he was served that. 
That said, the rest of the food was ok--I may go back for the All you can eat sushi, which they started after the Pringles incident, but being served Sushi on Pringles seriously lost this place a star.
PRINGLES!I found Mixx while searching on Yelp for a place to eat dinner. I chose it for three reasons: 1) I had a craving for sushi, 2) it was only a few blocks from my hotel, 3) it seemed casual.
I'm a boring sushi eater - no fancy rolls for me. I ordered a spicy tuna roll, an alaskan roll, miso soup and a thai ice tea. All of it was good; nothing spectacular, but good. The rolls were big (8 pieces for the ones I ordered). The spicy tuna was spicy.
Service was decent - keep in mind, I never expect exceptional service in Chinatown. But my server was polite and quick.
Environment - very casual bistro setting. Nothing memorable.
Backgound notes: Visited while on business travel after working almost 12 hours.This is exactly the kind of place that sets off warning signals for me: the sushi is inexpensive and they serve both Chinese and Japanese food. In many cases that leads to disappointment as far as the sushi is concerned. At Mixx not so much. My regular sushi plate ($20) was more than I could finish. The fish was acceptable, although the white tuna seemed to have suffered from (maybe) having been frozen. Extra points for including mackerel in the selection. Our party of seven ordered Chinese, Japanese and vegetarian dishes. Everyone at the table was satisfied. I picked up the check and with tip we'd just broken a c-note. That's not bad at all.
Don't come here expecting a sublime sushi experience. This is a pedestrian sushi joint at best. But if you're of a mind for pedestrian sushi and/or are out with a group of folks with varied tastes Mixx is an acceptable place to land.Wonderful! We got the $25 all you can eat sushi and it was great! From the miso to the rolls it was very yummy! Servers were also very friendly.  Come here if you want good sushi for a good price :)This is a great place for takeout on a lazy, don't want to cook, night! I love their sweet potato tempura rolls, the chicken lettuce raps minus the chicken, and the ice tea. Everything else is standard Japanese. The service is very friendly and the dining room is cute.Had the all you can eat sushi for 22$. It sucked. There are way too many rules. First, half your table has to do the all you can eat sushi. Second, you cant share with the other people at your table, but you can share with the people doing the all you can eat. Every piece that you dont finish is 1$ extra.  The sushi is horrible. They give you way too much rice and cucumber, there is a thin layer of actual fish.  Basically you pay 22$ for rice and cucumbers. Not good.  I would rather just spend more money getting good quality sushi.I was craving sushi one night, but it was late in Chinatown.  My options were limited, and I opted to try Mixx Asian Bistro.  I called in an order for pick-up, including a spider roll, tamago nigiri, and a few more rolls to tally my bill to approximately $30.  To my chagrin, there were no other customers in the restaurant upon my arrival... despite Chinatown being alive and kickin' until upwards of 2 AM.
Well, it was the worst spider roll I have ever had.  In fact, all of the rolls were horrible.  I've had better "sushi" in pre-packaged containers from the grocery store.  The rice was dry and inconsistent, but boy was there ever a lot of it!  The tamago was also dry and lacking of any sweetness.  I should have just scrambled some eggs myself and slapped it on rice.  The remaining rolls aren't even worth mentioning.
I was left with a bloated rice stomach, an insulted palate, and a lingering feeling of regret for flushing $30 down the toilet.
I will never come back to this restaurant.This has been my only sushi experience in (Philadelphia) Chinatown but I am interested to see if there is another place in the area that can beat it. The restaurant is dimly lit and gets an authentic feel with the big Buddha statue. We came on a Saturday afternoon and there were not many people there (which in the end was surprising).
We had the spring rolls for appetizer which were great and served with a decent dipping sauce. The sushi included a Philly Roll, Shrimp Tempura Roll and the White Tuna Roll. They were all delicious and not to mention affordable (appetizer and 3 rolls were about $31). The service was great.
If you are in Chinatown I would recommend checking out Mixx (especially if your looking for a BYOB restaurant in the area).I won't be coming back to this place again.  
My bf gets the all-you-can eat sushi and I ordered a noodle dish.  The first thing out of server's mouth is that there is no sharing or we will be charged a $1.00 per piece.  Ok, I understand.  I felt the WHOLE entire time the wait staff was just watching me.  It was really uncomfortable for me and I just wanted to leave.  
Also, for the all-you-can-eat you can only order a maximum of 20 pieces at one time.  Let's keep in mind a lot of special rolls have 8 pieces and if you order two special rolls that would be 16 rolls.  Then after that, you can't even get a regular roll like a California Roll because that is a 6 piece roll  and with the two special rolls  would give you a total of 22 pieces. So basically, you are two pieces over the limit which is pure bullshit.  You would have to order your next roll when you finish your plate.  They will not let you order more than 20 pieces at one time, so don't even try it because that rule is written in stone.  
The Malaysian noodle dish was a very big portion but the sushi was not so good.  My bf got the all-you-can-eat but he still sneaked some rolls on my plate.  I tried the Crunchy Kani roll and it was drenched in a sweet sauce on top.  It was disgusting like they were trying to hide the dryness of the rice with sauce.  The same goes for the Crunchy Whitefish Tempura roll  and the Dragon roll because it all had the same sweet sauce.  I felt like I was eating the same roll all over again.  
Then I get the bill and I find out that I was charged $2.00 for Green Tea.  Seriously, most sushi places offer Green Tea for FREE.  This place sucks.Prompt service, albeit a little creepy. A member of the wait staff was constantly looking at my table (for the first 20 minutes of my parties meal we were the only people dining). I took a sip of water and blam! somebody was there to refill.
Their sushi is pretty good and relatively cheap. Their pineapple fried rice is out of this world.We went for the lunchtime all you can eat sushi (which is $18, 12-4 I think, including weekends, I believe, but call to confirm this).  There's a really wide variety of choices, which includes about 15 of the special rolls.  I'm no connoisseur, but I enjoyed all the rolls we got, especially the special rolls.  They were definitely NOT overloaded with rice when we were there.  The $18 is well worth it if you go there with a moderate appetite.I haven't explored a lot of the sushi places in the city, but I've been to a few and this is hands down the best sushi place I've come across. They have an all-you-can-eat menu, which doesn't serve the creme de la creme of their offerings on this menu, but I've never been disappointed. If you want good sushi in the city, I would seek this place out.All you can eat sushi for less than $30?! It's a pretty good selection of rolls and relatively quick delivery. By no means is this high end sushi with great presentation... If you want quick and easy on the eyes sushi this is your place. Best part it's BYOB - which our party pushed to the limit by bringing vodka in a water bottle and our own red bulls! ROCKIN!Just got take out from here yesterday, and everything was on point! The sushi is really excellent (ask for spicy mayo on the side), and their entrees are also very good and unique. This is definitely my spot for Japanese cuisine in Chinatown.You can't always call all you can eat sushi good sushi.  But you can at this place.  A recent menu expansion has made it even better.  Some of the options on the all you can eat menu do have a little too much rice.  Definitely the best all you can eat sushi in Philadelphia.  Friendly service as well.Great Byob place for a chill and inexpensive meal. All you can eat sushi for $24. The selection includes a bunch of special rolls. I ordered the dragon roll and lobster salad roll (both awesome) as well as the octopus and red snapper regular rolls (too chewy for my liking). On the bottom of the menu in small red print there is a statement that says you get charged a dollar for every role you don't eat. However the waiter told us its only there to prevent people from ordering 80 rolls at once and is not enforced.I came here for lunch on a Sunday. The lunch Buffett special was so good! I recommend the Dragon Roll. The water tasted a little funny though. Overall, I had an amazing lunch and I will definitely be coming back.The food is fabulous. Try the mango chicken or the general tso's. Even better, try them in the bento box. For the amount of food you get it is definitely worth the money. The sushi is very good as well. There are a ton of selections and combinations and the presentation is always excellent. Desserts selections aren't usually as long as they are here and there is something for everyone so don't fill up too much on the food, even though I know it's hard!
I'm a big fan of Mixx and have been going here since I worked at another asian restaurant in the city. It's one of my favorites, but the only reason I'm giving it four and not five stars is that depending on your server the service isn't that great. Where that lacks though the food makes up for.I've definitely had better sushi. If I was grading, the sushi chef woulda gotten a Fail.  It was close by and convenient.  Sushi here was put together pretty sloppy and they used frozen sushi.  Miso soup base was good, the tofu were tiny little cubes and the seaweed was old and chewy. I ordered Uni sushi, Mega Millions roll and the Alaskan roll.  They were decent, but the sloppy presentation really made me lose my appetite.  I would definately have to be desparate for sushi to come back to this location.  Service was not attentive.  Tab was 34 bux.The $25 all you can eat is a great deal. Included is not just sushi but also appetizers (quality shrimp tempura). My only criticism is that the service wasn't that good, especially with so many other Asian choices near by. Would go again, only for the special thou.I've been here a bunch of times. Their sushi isn't bad, it just tastes like something is lacking from the flavor. However, the last time I went, the sushi was better. The main reason I keep going here is because the price and quantity of the sushi is great. It's cheap and you get a lot of pieces. I always get two rolls and it fills me up. I tried a regular entree for the first time, & I enjoyed it very much. It was Shrimp Teriyaki. The teriyaki sauce they used was delicious. The service isn't bad. The experience would be better if they were more attentive. Also, they are very accomodating to large groups.Yum! I was in the china town area waiting for my sister when I craved a spicy california roll. I found this place and decided to try it out. They have the best spicy california rolls by far along with other amazing rolls. HIghly recommend.I've been going here for about 3 yrs now. I am a big fan of their All-U-Can-Eat sushi for $24. The fish is always fresh and the food delicious. They have more variety of rolls than most places. The staff is awesome. They know me by first-name and deliver to my place in a jiffy. Love it here.I received a flaming email from someone at this restaurant immediately after I posted my review.
My review stands and I stand by what I experienced.  I had a horrible time at Mixx and now, after being harassed online there is no way i will ever return here.My friend who lives in Chinatown said he never tried the sushi here because there is something that makes him suspicious about eating raw fish in Chinatown. 
That being said, the sushi is surprisingly pretty fresh, albeit lacking in quality or variety.  The sushi boat for 3 had too much repetition of white fish, salmon, and tuna.  2 pieces of toro, 3 pieces of octopus, 1 dragon roll, 1 california roll, 1 rainbow roll.  
Stuffed mushroom appetizer was good.  But with crab, spicy mayo sauce and orange caviar, how can you go wrong?  The mango tuna ceviche-like app was disappointing because the mango wasn't ripe, in the middle of mango season! 
Not a bad deal, because the bill came out to $26 / person including tax and tip, and we were stuffed.  
Typically Chinese (read bad) service.  Hint: train your server not to apologize for her first day of work.  Plus they charged us for plates we didn't order, and had to ask them to take it off the bill.
P.S. They need to invest in a new wasabi company, because it was uncharacteristically flavorless.  Everyone at the table had muddy green dipping sauces.  I resorted to just eating chunks of it, with the pieces of sushi.The food here is worthy of a higher rating but the service is what brings my rating of MIXX down. I have gone a few times thinking that maybe my initial bad experience was a fluke but the service has continued to be sub-par. The wait staff ignores patrons for far too long and it takes at least 10-15 minutes after sitting to even be asked for drink orders.Not the absolute best but not bad either. It's great considering the prices. I usually eat here when I'm craving for sushi and don't want to empty out my wallet paying for it. Service is fast and friendly.PLEASANTLY surprised..
I used to frequent Mixx about 6 years ago, when the all you can eat was $20/pp. Then it was raised to $24 pp, and it just wasn't worth it anymore. All the reviews are right about them stuffing it with rice. I like the AYCE sushi places that allow you to grab one of everything (Minado) rather than a whole ROLL of something. That's why I stopped going. The rolls were stuffed with rice, and it just wasn't worth the $24+ tax anymore.
Last night was my first time back in YEARS. I only went because my other 8 friends wanted to go, so why not.
I still opted not to get the AYCE. I got the nori soup, Yamasai roll, spicy scallop roll and my bf got Roll Combo C for $15. Our whole bill including 18% tip and tax was $51 between the two of us AND we ended up taking almost 10+ pieces home with us.
- Nori soup: 3 stars. Standard, a little salty, but OK
- Yamasai roll: 4 stars - fish was relatively fresh - salmon, avocado and spicy tuna on top
- Spicy Scallop - 4 stars: very tasty :)
- Spicy yellowtail of Roll C: fresh, standard, good
- Tuna Avocado and Alaskan roll were also 3.5 to 4 stars- good standard sushi. I would compare the quality to Vic's in Rittenhouse
* They also put their wasabi in a cute flower form, I love that 
* Service was very friendly. We split out 10 table bill like.. 7 ways, and they didn't mind at all. BYOB is always a plus. For all these reasons they are a SOLID 4 stars
*****TIP*****
 My opinion is that you should only get the AYCE sushi $25pp if you can COMFORTABLY eat more than 24 pieces of sushi. Why? Their maki rolls (hand cut rolls) are very reasonably priced at $5 to $6 a roll. Each roll = 8 pieces. You can get the rolls individually anywhere from $15-$18 for 24 pieces of sushi (which is less than $25) OR you can get the ROLL COMBOs like my bf did for $15 which comes with salad or miso soup.
OR you can get the AYCE if you can comfortably eat 2 of the special rolls bc they are priced at $10-$13 a roll.
In my opinion, I left without feeling like I had to stuff my face on the verge of throwing up because they charge $1 for anything you don't finish eating. All my friends felt like puking, sleeping, dying afterwards. My bf and I enjoyed an amazing meal, with friendly service, with leftovers, OH and i forgot to mention our $51 dollar bill included mochi for dessert too! We will be back if we're in the area :)My roommate come to Mixx often for the innovative rolls and reasonable prices. I wouldn't say that it's the best sushi I've ever had or the most authentic, but it's pretty good. The decor is a weird funky fusion of Asian themes and interesting (read: borderline tacky) neon lights, but ambience aside, the food is consistently tasty.
I love the crunchy kani roll and they very often have interesting specials posted on their boards to try. And at Mixx, you'll never go thirsty: the waiters refill your water once every 3-5 minutes. 
I usually go for lunch, but I hear they have all-you-can-eat sushi in the evenings.I was craving Japanese for dinner and I'm sort of on a budget, so I went to Mixx.
They have a very extensive selection of sushi rolls, which is both good and bad. It's fun if you're adventurous, but not so much if you're indecisive. I went with the samurai roll - eel and avocado, topped with salmon. It was...okay. The texture was lacking, sort of mushy. But the taste was not so bad. 
I also ordered the beef teriyaki bento box. For $17, the bentos are surprisingly large. It came with soup, salad, shrimp and vegetable tempura, dumplings, six pieces of California roll and the entree with white or brown rice. The beef itself was mediocre, but I couldn't really complain with such generous portions.
Not bad for a cheap meal.For the "All you can eat sushi" After the 2nd or third order they make a extra large plate so you can barely finish the sushi. Any piece of sushi you can't finish they charge you $1 per piece.I had a hoot. If you're coming in here expecting the choicest cuts of the freshest fish handled expertly by a craftsman who has dedicated his life to nothing but the noble art of the sushi forge you're probably out of luck. But it's good.
In their AYCE selection, deep frying and cream cheese and mayo and crunchies and cooked things are all there to make a non-sushi person feel comfortable. This is the place you take your cousin from Wisconsin who's vaguely scared of raw fish. It's a Fischer-Price My First Sushi experience. It's sushi on training wheels. And it's also a guilty pleasure for those of us who *have* had a taste of Jiro's Dreams (or close). 
Sometimes you really want to savor a bite of perfection: to experience a lifetime's dedication to one trade crystallized in the form of a single maki. 
And then sometimes you want to shove 40 rolls down your food hole and have a good time. Which is what I did.One of my favorite sushi place in Philly. If you're looking for affordable BYOB, this is the place to go.
For the roll, we always ordered the spicy yellowtail and scallop. From the kitchen, the cod dish is a must try.
The best part is that this place is BYOB, which means you can enjoy your sushi, have a couple drinks and it won't break the bank.We stumbled into here tired and hungry and left tired and still hungry.  We didn't order the all you can eat sushi and it's just as well.  The ginger salad and green tea were very good but the portion sizes on the sushi? Seriously???  I've had bigger portion sizes on grocery store sushi.
I ordered the chirashi and I'm used to having it on top of a bowl of sushi rice.  This came with a small meatloaf size loaf of rice which wasn't quite sushi nor regular rice tasting and the fish next to it.   We were disappointed and wished we had gone for sushi or something else instead.Mixx is my new neighborhood sushi go to.  Nice atmosphere, great sushi with awesome presentation, good service, inexpensive, BYO.I live on the same street as Mixx.   Their pork spring rolls are fantastic, but the sauce is even better.  The Chicken Teriyaki is the best I ever had.  I don't know how anything else is, because I always get the same thing.. to the point where I just walk in and wave, and my food is ready in less than 10 minutes. Id give them 5 stars for consistancy and friendliness alone, but their main draw is sushi, and my sushi loving friends find it decent, but don't rave about the place like I doStopped in here randomly for lunch on Friday afternoon with my fiance after ink sessions at Eddie's. We were in the mood for sushi and figured we'd give it a try since we noticed a board with specials earlier. 
Started out with fried calamari and some drinks (a soda and a liter of sake). Got the 2 & 3 roll specials as our entrees. Everything was excellent. Complimentary pineapple chunks for desert. Came to about $43+tip. Pricing was not bad at all and service was efficient & friendly. Will definitely return.I'm giving Mixx 2 stars because I met my husband here, but today I was really underwhelmed by their sushi and by their customer service. 
I ordered takeout through Zuppler, and there wasn't any way to add beverages or sides, so I thought I could just pick them up when I arrived. Alas, no. They enforced a $15 minimum, which is prohibited or seriously discouraged by all credit card companies, so no soda or rice. Accidentally left my keys behind as well, and received only blank stares when I asked about my keys, only to find them in plain sight in the middle of the counter. A simple bit of courtesy would have been preferable to total indifference.
Now on to the food. My tuna was brown and my brown rice was dry. The cut of the sushi was not done terribly well. It didn't taste bad but it wasn't great. Good is probably even pushing it. 
Things to know before you go: 
Strict $15 credit card minimum. 
Their brown rice rolls are uninspired. 
Expect utilitarian service. No smiles here.
Prior dining experiences were far more positive and I just don't know what happened this round. For future lunches, I'm skipping Mixx and hitting up friendly, tasty places like Banana Leaf.It was alright, not that great to be honest. The portions of sushi they serve is a lot bigger than it's supposed to be. Service is a bit off when they serve you your main course before getting your appetizers. 
Also, it's peeving when you pay a bill with gratuity included, and the audacity they have wanting tip for service not really given. 
Not sure about others, but when I went with my significant other, they ran out of a few fish. A sushi place with no fish (I mean there was 3 types we couldn't get), nor a slight thought of informing before we made the order. 
Overall, I had better.After a friend's show at the Troc, I had a case of the munchies, so I looked across the street and spotted a lit-up sign in the window of a restaurant that said "All-You-Can-Eat Sushi."  I HAD to try this place out, so I did, and it had to be one of the best sushi places in the city that I had ever been to, with the biggest menu I had ever seen!  It was the first time I had ever tried FRUIT sushi (banana tempura roll) which I didn't think was a possibility but it tasted great!  If I'm ever looking for a place to eat before or after a show at the Troc, I will definitely consider Mixx again!Get the Summer roll or the spicy yellowtail roll. This is the BEST affordable sushi in the city. The rock shrimp tempura is amazing.Yum, yum, yum!! I'm a huge lover of sushi, and Mixx is definitely the place for delicious but affordable sushi!
This really should be a 4.5 star review - the two times that I've been to MIx have been nearly perfect, with only minor little things that I haven't liked. The first time, I was not a fan of their salad. Yes, I know it's a sushi joint salad, but they absolutely DROWNED the poor pieces of lettuce in this incredibly overpowering ginger dressing. I took one tiny bite and had to push it away. During the second visit, we tried the spring roll appetizer, but I was not a fan of the sauce that came with it - it almost tasted like ketchup. Not great with the rolls.
The sushi is fantastic. There really isn't too much more to say about that. This last time that I was there, I was with someone who had never  honestly eaten "real" sushi before....he was a california roll kind of guy. By the end of the meal (Philadelphia roll, shrimp tempura roll, and some sort of smoked salmon roll topped with white tuna), he was all about the raw stuff!! He even learned how to use chopsticks that day...but he had a good teacher!!
Service is always very prompt and friendly, and our waitress was very understanding when it came to our indecisiveness. The only thing that I don't understand is why it is always COMPLETELY empty when I go there. Granted, I've only ever been for lunch, but I would love to go during dinner with a cold adult beverage!
Before you leave, don't forget to put a penny on the chubby Buddha statue near the window...I hear it's good luck!i absolutely love the dancing kani roll here..it's got this nice tempura on it that's crisp and light. 
everything else i think is average..they have an all you can eat buffet but i don't think i could eat that much..but if you can..i'm sure it's a good dealI found one of their menus under my door and thought I should try it. My dining partner had the chicken teriyaki and I had some of their special rolls. I must say that the chicken was a very generous portion. The rolls were more fish than rice. I was impressed. Also the fish was fresh. I am looking forward to doing an all you can eat for $24.Best sushi in town! (and it's not expensive at all) The service is great, familiar faces are the way to go! The entrees aren't bad but I'd recommend the sushi... whenever I go I order sushi and an entree and split it with someone else... you definitely get your moneys worth! 
I would recommend the spicy tuna and spicy salmon rolls! There is nothing like it... everything else is equally delicious! This is the place to go if you want a cheap, delicious and quick dinner. Your food is out in no time and there's never a long wait...
This is a Philly MUST!FYI: tried going here today and they are closed. Dunno if its permanent or they are renovating, but the inside was gutted.I've never been happier to have gotten an annoying flier stuck in my door.  Usually I just discard them, but not the one for Mixx.  Me and my bf love sushi, and have been looking for a reasonably priced BYOB sushi place, and the flier looked promising for our needs.  We made a reservation which was totally unnecessary, even for a Saturday night.  There were a few groups of people but it was far from packed.  We sat down and unpacked our sake and beers.  Right away someone came over and took our sake to warm up, and offered us glasses for the beers.  
I don't know if it was idiocy or brilliance, but the two of us got the unlimited sushi option.  The unlimited sushi had basically every roll that I would want to eat, but not every roll on the menu.  I would say that we got our moneys worth, but I think just to get my money worth I ate more than I normally would have (not a problem by me).
I'm not going to say that this is the best sushi I've ever had, because its not.  But you cant beat good sushi at a good price, BYOB, the interesting decor, and the super friendly waitstaff.  I will most definitely be back to Mixx.I live on the same block as mixx, so have put in some serious time here. It is standard, neighborhood sushi. Nothing too high quality or too original. Its not particularly cheap--but as sushi goes, its not expensive (and who wants bargain basement raw fish?). If I want a spicy tuna roll or something simple, mixx makes the cut....when I want a true sushi experience and interesting special rolls, I head elsewhere....All you Can Eat Sushi? maybe its the right place for you guys who doesnt wanna spend much money on sushi.. The sushi itself was fine, well its really different if u compare it with 'REAL' sushi restaurant of course. The service is aight, and the roll itself, not that bad though. As long as you can eat all sushi roll they have and you just have 2 hours limited for the "ALL YOU CAN EAT" service, kinda worth it.. After all, its just fyne..First and only Asian BYOB I've encountered. 
The Good: 
The sushi is top quality and there us no end to the number of unique offerings. There must have been 20+ different rolls matched with another 20+ "special rolls". My favorite: the fried banana roll. For $5, it was worth a try and it was excellent! 
The Bad: 
Not to be overly critical, but the Miso soup was terrible. The seaweed was tough and the tofu was tiny. Nothing else to complain about at this place. On a Saturday night, the place wasn't packed. Some friends said the service is slow, but that wasn't my experience. 
Overall: 
Totally worth the try. Grab a bottle of wine (or Sake), some friends and go enjoy some great sushi in Chinatown.One of my favorite sushi places..
GREAT sushi, CHEAP prices!
Right now it's still BYOB I think, but they are working on getting a liquor license.
I never tried their all-you-can-eat deal....I've eaten here 3 times and had a variety of offerings on the menu. My experiences have always been positive. The food is good - I particularly like the sushi that I've had. The service, while not the best I've ever had, should meet the expectations of most reasonable people. I'm suprised by some of the negative reviews, as I have not experienced what others are complaining about.
There might be better or cheaper options in Chinatown, but Mixx is worth a visit.Great Delivery Food- not so good when you eat in... No idea what the deal is?!?
Food:
Must Try- Bagel Roll, philadelphia roll with avocado added on the outside, and gyoza!!!  
Also like- rainbow roll and bento boxes are a pretty good deal because it's a TON of food
Do not try- the all you can eat sushi for $24... first of all, they load it with rice, and are slow as hell... and their menu says if you don't finish a piece you have to pay like $1 or something like that... pardon my language but WTF? If they would take away that stupid rule and give you the sushi rolls that are so full of rice... they would be raking in the cash!  
Service:  horrible- but I mean, they were dead both times I went (off peak hours), and so I understand how you can space out when you only have one table... but then again... when I see 4 people each eating $24 sushi deals... I would probably pay a little more attention because it's an easy tip.
Atmosphere: Outside smells like fish, but it's chinatown, so it comes with the territory.  Inside, fairly normal and casual... nothing fancy.
Random:  I did have a celebrity siting there... if you call Steve Ward a celebrity that is... 
Price: Decent prices, probably the best sushi in chinatown for the price.... I still prefer Kisso for fresh sushi... but that bagel roll is addicting...This is my favorite go-to places for sushi for years. Their lunch specials are fantastic. The sushi is fresh and one of the best I've had. Service is always great and the set up of the restaurant itself is relaxing yet elegant.  I highly recommend trying it out and see for yourself!Went here today for lunch with an old, old friend who I haven't seen for about 15-18 years.  (Really.)
We both had lunch specials - He got a 3 roll for $13 and I got a 2 roll for $10.  Both came with a choice of soup or salad and we both had a good (albeit generic) fresh salad with tasty dressing.
The Ginza roll was excellent - cooked salmon, mayo, oinion and tempura flakes.  Crunchy and very Americanized - but good.  My yellowtail roll was just OK.  I can tell the quality of this place is not high end - but for a cheap sushi lunch I would, in fact, go back.
Service was unassuming and prompt - the large dining area was not even close to busy - maybe 4 tables occupied.
I would never waste my money on all-you-can-eat sushi (or all-you-can-eat anything for that matter) since I don't go for quantity - I need quality.  This place is OK - but no holy grail.Wow, reviews here all over the map: "best sushi in town," "worst sushi in town." Truth seems to be in the middle. My expectations are always low for sushi from a Chinese restaurant. Few reviewers have commented on the non-Japanese food. I had one of the noodle dishes - mei fun - and it was fresh, tasty and cheap. Maybe that is the trick! Did not try the sushi but many around me were having it and seemed happy. I say keep your expectations in check and you'll be fine here. Also, lunch specials are a great deal!After doing some reasearch decided to take the bf here for the all you can eat sushi.
Definitely can agree with the overload on rice and veggies.  Don't get the Boston roll- I couldn't even see the shrimp in it!
The specialty roll I got (Spicy Dragon) was my favorite followed by sushi unagi and Philly roll.  IMO the bf's choices just weren't as great- Spicy Salmon (the salmon is grinded down and loses the smoked salmon taste), see Boston roll above, and spicy tuna.  
Overall if you are ready for ALOT of food that is the only way to do the AYCE to get your money's worth.  Beware none of the $12 and up rolls are on the all you can eat menu.
One more VIP tip: Not all the AYCA Menus are the same!!!!  Luckily, bf got one and I got a different one and his had about 6 rolls on their that I didn't annnnd I literally ordered four of those on his menu.  MAKE SURE your menu has Spicy dragon and spicy scallop and then you are in the gold.Good sushi - and their all-you-can-eat deal is a good one - very economical. Their rolls are not completely imaginative or anything, but the fish is fresh. We always have a nice time there and its BYOB too. Recommend for a cheap sushi night out.This is my favorite all you and eat sushi restaurant in Philadelphia. Amazing.Have been here twice so far with my son who lives in Philly.  Both times the food was excellent!  Would highly recommend this restaurant if you're looking for really good sushi.  It's located within walking distance from the Reading Terminal Market.Never again. $25 for all-u-can-eat sushi is a deal, maybe... The service was good, the lighting was too low for what the place was. The rolls all had so much rice that you could hardly taste the fish. The miso soup was lukewarm and the place just had an "off" feeling. I wouldn't return.While it isn't the best sushi I've ever had, you really can't beat the convenience of having a place like this for quick pan-asian food. In addition to their great Bento Boxes, they've got a killer all-you-can-eat sushi deal every day. My only complaint would be the atmosphere which is somewhat eclectic, but I've never been to enjoy the ambiance, just the food.Mixx made my day.  
I passed Mixx the other day during a futile search for an ATM that would take my deposit (long story) and backpedaled to check it out.  I was glad I did since I had been craving sushi and was starving.  I ordered the three-roll special to take back to my office with me; the avacado and spicy tuna rolls were really good - really fresh - and the sweet potato tempura roll was the best I've had yet.  It was sweet, crispy yet creamy and the perfect temperature.  I'm thrilled to have found something so close to my office and am looking forward to going back to try the all-you-can-eat sometime soon.The best sushi place around the area. It's not overly priced like some other places and it's still good. I used to go there a lot a few months back, like almost every weekend. There is such a large selection of sushi to choose from. I'm very indecisive so every time I go with my sushi buddy she would order everything and we shared. Man, I loved everything she has ordered so far and I don't have a particular sushi that I don't like. The fried calamari appetizer was a different story. It was huge and very chewy; chewier than the ones I've had in other places. That was minor to me because we don't usually order appetizer but that day I decided on trying the calamari and it didn't go well. Hmm, I should stick with letting my friend order and save myself the trouble.
Added bonus, the presentation of the food is so amazing, it's so beautifully arranged.As an experienced sushi eater, I was disgusted with Mixx.  I got take-out- $55 worth of sushi rolls, and every single roll was awful!  The shrimp tempura roll had some kind of thick gritty dark sauce all over the top and it tasted awful. (That mystery sauce usually is eel sauce at every other sushi joint) .  The rest of the rolls were mush and tasteless.  I do not recommend dining at Mixx, I actually recommend you DO NOT dine at Mixx!  I was very disappointed with my entire take-out order and will not return.Generally okay sushi.  It's good, but it's not the best I've ever had.  I did like the spicy scallop roll, and they offered rolls with a larger variety of fish than most places.  However, if you get a salmon roll or red tail roll or what have you, it's literally just the fist wrapped in rice and seaweed.  If you want anything else in there, you have to pay extra.  So if you like a variety of flavors in one, get their other special rolls, like their dragon roll, etc.  Their other food is good, too.  I really enjoyed the soft shell crab tempura appetizer, and my boyfriend's spicy beef dinner was pretty good.
The staff is very nice and polite, but I'd say they are overly attentive.  They hovered around our table, which started to get annoying.  The decor is nice, and the place is large and open.  I'd say their biggest draw would be the $22 all-you-can eat sushi deal.  
Again, the place is nice and the food is good, but if you want a little more wow factor, go to Zento (or Morimoto, if you can afford it).3 rd time eating here and can't complaint , prizes are modorate, sushi is good, not crowded but again I'm early for lunch.I've been to Mixx about four times now and each time I've taken advantage of their all-you-can eat sushi deal. It's not the greatest sushi I've ever had but it's pretty high up there. If you come hungry, you can easily eat more than your money's worth. I wasn't a huge fan of their specialty rolls. I'd get their normal rolls and drench them in spicy mayo, which is how I eat all of my sushi no matter where I go. I've never had to wait for a table, even on Valentine's Day. Servers can take a while to get back to you when you're ready to order more sushi or need a water refill. But overall a great experience and I'd recommend it to anyone!I came here the last night because I was craving sushi, lots of sushi. So I opted for the all-you-can-eat option ($24/pp). 
The sushi was decent. The selection is large and varied. The service is great. Our server must have come by ever 15 minutes with the water pitcher. 
The only thing I would caution you against is getting the all-you-can-eat option. It sounds like a good deal, but you are just paying to feel sick afterwards. Heck, I am still feeling sick from the insane amounts of sushi I consumed last night. 
Otherwise though, I highly recommend this place. Definitely the best sushi option in Philly's Chinatown.We stopped by last night for AYCE sushi. With the $2 extra tagged onto the sweet shrimp, tax and tip, our total was $64. 60-70 dollars is hardly too much to pay for sushi, much less AYCE, but our meal was not in the least worth it.
All the sushi pieces came with excessive amounts of rice. It's pretty clear they're trying to fill you up with the cheapest ingredient. The sweet shrimp was pathetically small, and we did not have the choice of getting our shrimp heads fried until crunchy or cooked in a miso broth as is usually done when we order sweet shrimp. Instead it was maybe blanched and tasted really fishy and old. 
They actually messed up the order and gave us uni instead the first time. This is not really understandable since there were about as many employees milling around as they had customers.
All the rolls that come with raw fish on top came with pathetically small and thin squares of raw fish. It was getting kind of ridiculous feeling like no matter what we ordered we were eating a lot of rice and panko.
The miso soup was okay, store bought, not too salty, featuring stingily diced tofu though. 
The sashimi platter was limited to one order per person and it consists of 6 pieces of not quite fresh fish that required a lot of soy sauce and wasabi to battle its stench.
The selection may seem extensive at first but it's all variations on the same theme. For a restaurant that bills itself as "fusion", it didn't really have any adventurous or innovative flavor combinations. 
I can see no good reason for us to ever return.The eel in the Eel Roll and Dragon Roll tasted like old tuna. I had to spit it out! Now I'm headed to Raw.I've eaten enough sushi in my life to know that this place is the real deal.  BYOB too!  Best sushi in Chinatown and all of Philly.  Very reasonable priced too.  Accepts credit cards too.  LOVE IT!!Despite being literally next door to my apartment building this was my first visit. I was a little apprehensive about trying a restaurant that offered $24 all you can eat sushi.   However, I just may have found my new favorite Sushi restaurant. Sorry Fuji Mountain. 
I started with the Miso soup. It was good but pretty standard for a sushi place. I ordered the "Sashimi Regular" which offered 16 pieces for $20. I wasn't that hungry but they had a $15 minimum for credit cards. The presentation was amazing. I would have expected to pay twice as much for the presentation alone. The sushi was very fresh and tasty. The service was friendly and quick. 
I would have rated this restaurant 5 stars but it's a BYOB. For some people this is a bonus but I usually like a glass of Saki with my sushi.  Additionally, while the service was excellent it was almost too attentive. My water glass never reached 3/4 before it was refilled. Attentive service to some may be a plus but it was almost a little too much. 
I look forward to frequenting this establishment.I'm not going to lie here. When I went to Mixx, I was extraordinarily hungover from the night before and with a party of sixteen people I had just met. However, I know myself pretty well, and Mixx would deserve two stars no matter what the conditions.
The group was late for the original 8:30 reservation. When we showed up at 9, the table had not been set yet. By the time sixteen people showed up and sat down, we were missing chairs, silverware and glasses of water from all ends of the table. Many of us never received water or napkins throughout the entire meal.
Some people chose the AYCE deal, but I just couldn't. The thought of raw fish was making me queasy (and you know I adore sushi). I went for a tofu teriyaki bento box. Tried to play it safe.
As the rolls around me started arriving, I noticed one thing: where's the fish? These rolls were mostly rice, and clumpy, mushy looking rice at that. What a rip. The spice tuna looked like raw ground beef. I almost heaved.
My bento box arrived with plenty of food. Soup, salad, rice, dumplings, tempura and tofu. The tempura and tofu were deep-fried so heavily I couldn't finish my meal. 
Take this review however you'd like. Sure, I was hungover as balls, but homegirl can eat no matter what the circumstance. I will not be returning to Mixx.Since it's on the block of the hotel I stay in when travelling to Philly, I've given Mixx a try four times. Each time I leaving thinking, "that can't have been a good night for them", but tonight confirmed that it's chronic. I've taken work colleagues there and they had similar responses, so I know I'm not being picky.
Let me start by saying the wait staff is wonderfully friendly and attentive and honestly deserve to work in a better restaurant. Your drink will never go below three sips and they will do everything they can to enhance your dining experience.
Unfortunately the food isn't as appealing. The salad is typically smothered in ginger dressing and tastes like it was assembled that morning and kept in a too-cold refrigerator all day. Every roll that I've tried tastes oddly watery and bland, regardless of the ingredients. "Spicy" tuna and salmon rolls have no flavor, let alone any "spicy." 
One saving point for Mixx is that the sushi is served in nicely large portions and tastes relatively fresh. If you go, stick with normal sushi and don't bother experimenting with the roll menu.I used yelp to find this place yesterday for lunch....service was fast & friendly and the sushi was good :)...I would go again!!