The food was ok, nothing spectacular. Then the server brought the check & a roach to the table. I couldn't get out of there fast enough. Disgusting.Excellent! I wish I lived in this neighborhood so I could eat here more often. Friendly service. Tasty nigiri and sashimi. Reasonably priced. Casual. Take out too. Will definitely be back.Mizu has solid sushi - but our orders were completely forgotten. This isn't a big establishment, so I would expect them to keep track of which orders have been filled and haven't - and yet we waited half an hour for our dishes!
I ordered the salmon lover's platter, which was great. 8 pieces in the salmon roll, one large chunk of salmon sashimi, and 4 large pieces of salmon nigiri. Definitely filling (plus BYO, so that's always a plus). My friend ordered this three roll combo, which consisted of three half-rolls (4 pieces each). It didn't seem like much, and for the price of 8-9 dollars, it didn't seem worth it - her decision though!
Mizu is okay for sushi if you're in University City, want a Japanese restaurant, and don't want to shell out too much.They have good spicy mayo! Our dinner for 4 with cocktails was super expensive, almost $200! I had their special that night, a couple phoenix rolls that were huge and hard to eat in one bite. Their drinks were very strong and the food took a long time and we were all served at different times. I liked their mochi ice cream a lot though. I would go back but I wasn't super impressed by the sushi, I've had way better for the price.I was in the mood to be brave and try sushi again, as I have had very mixed experiences. Yamaki (a block away, with good reviews) was closed so I poked my head in here instead. Plus their $9 lunch special piqued my interest. Four 1/2 rolls plus miso soup. It's a cute (read: small), clean little place with friendly staff. I ordered:
California Roll- This was pretty standard, and my second favorite. The only problem- Whatever they used tasted like imitation crabmeat (I.e. Whitefish).
Yellowtail Roll- This was my favorite! I had decided on this due to another Yelper's review. Super fresh, not at all fishy, and a tad sweet. Mmmm, I could've eaten this all day!
Alaskan Roll- Not my favorite. The texture seemed off and it was a bit fishier than I feel salmon is supposed to be.  
Veggie combo roll: Meh. It was lackluster. I've made better veggie sushi at home.
The miso soup was satisfying and tasty. My two-year-old devoured it before I could get much!Went here to grab a quick lunch. Quaint location. Good sushi but I wish they carried more juices and teas. The server was attentive and pleasant.I had low expectations going into this place because of the lackluster reviews I see here on yelp and now that I experienced this 3 star restaurant first hand, It is still three stars. 
Knowing it is going to be somewhat expensive I decided to look up the menu on the window. Spicy Tuna roll for 7 bucks? Damn! thats pretty expensive, I can get that for like 5 bucks back home. Then I saw in the small print, 12 pieces, thats like one and a half rolls! So I went in, ordered my food and it came out. I don't know if it was because I was hungry but that roll is probably a normal sized roll stretched into 1.5 rolls. 
The rolls here are just not that great, not terrible, but just A-ok. For the price the rolls are kinda subpar, If you are craving some rice and seaweed then go for it.Tiny space, but really good sushi options.  The sushi is a little overpriced, but the portion size makes up for it.  I would definitely recommend the spider roll.Driving I  saw a nice little  place BYOB  sushi  place , I  stopped  and  had a little take out,  took it home with a menu.   I am happy I did I like the menu and I look forward to going back again and againMizu is just OK.  The first time I ordered here the rice wasn't cooked right.  It was kind of crunchy.  I thought I probably wouldn't order from Mizu again.  But I am lazy.  And I love sushi.  And they deliver to my house.  So I ordered again.  
The second time the rice was cooked well, but the ingredients just didn't seem fresh.  The avacado that was topping my roll had lots of brown spots in it.  I realize that getting quality avacado in Philly is hard (believe me, it is one of the things I miss most about California).  But the avacado Mizu was using was really pretty bad.  And the texture of the rice still wasn't quite right.  
And if their avacado is bad and the rice is off, it makes me question the quality of their ingredients.  And sushi is not one of the things where you want to be questioning the quality/freshness of ingredients.  
I'm probably spoiled by living in San Francisco (where multiple, inexpensive, quality sushi restaurants delivered to my house).  I didn't really expect to find inexpensive, quality sushi that delivers to my house in Philly.  And Mizu is neither inexpensive nor quality.  
The truth is, I'm lazy.  And I love sushi.  So I will probably order from Mizu again.  Because the sushi wasn't horrible and it didn't make sick.  And they deliver to my house.Meh is exactly what I'm feeling right now. I'm terribly underwhelmed by my lunch choice today. I was starving and jonesing for sushi so I swung by Mizu during my lunch break. I ordered a spicy tuna roll and pork gyoza. 
Pluses: My food came out quickly. 
Minuses: The gyoza were steamed rather than pan-fried. Not a deal breaker, but the water in the bottom of the tray smelled fishy which was kind of gross. 
The gyoza itself was just meh. Not really worth eating. The sauce was nice, but the insides were very bland and didn't really taste like anything. 
The roll. This was a pretty awful roll. I mean, it wasn't the worst sushi I've ever had, but I definitely wouldn't go out of my way for it. And by out of my way, I mean that even if I was sitting in Mizu, I probably wouldn't go to the trouble of ordering anything. The roll, as a whole, was just sort of half- assed. It was mostly cucumber, the spicy tuna wasn't particularly spicy nor tuna-y. It was just so very blech that I couldn't even finish it since it made my heart sad. 
That's it. This sushi depressed me and killed a tiny piece of my heart.Fresh, fresh fish and fast service! I highly recommend the Volcano Roll and Firecracker Roll if you are craving something spicy.DO NOT ORDER FROM HERE!  I have never written a review about anything before.  Over a 2 hour wait, wrong order, terrible customer service... PICK ANOTHER SUSHI PLACE!Went to the one near the Mutter Museum.
Ordered:
-Seaweed salad, huge portion for only $3.95!
-Chicken tempura roll, great and stayed crunchy the whole time it took us to finish!
-Yellowtail roll, best yellowtail I've had in ages!
-Special eel roll with cream cheese (I forget the name), good, but I got sick of the cream cheese
Large selection of beverages. Not very pretty or spacious inside, but a great little lunch spot and very reasonably priced!The sushi and sashimi are pretty fresh and delicious. I have tried the party tray for 2 people (23 pieces), sashimi combo, sushi combo, eel sushi/sashimi, salmon sushi, and veggie udon. Everything's good except for the veggie udon. The veggie were not cooked and the udon soup was way too salty w/o any other taste. In general, a good place near Penn, definitely offered better sushi than ochatto.So, we're about 26 hours post-Mizu and if I wasn't given glaring evidence to the contrary every 20 minutes or so, I'd have assumed that I had nothing left in my gastrointestinal tract about 10 hours ago. Yeah. It's like that. 
Instead of merely killing a piece of my soul, they've decided to rip my soul out through my intestines. And esophagus. It's unfortunate, to say the least. To say slightly more, I feel like a honey badger found it's way into my intestines and is trying to Lemmiwinks its way out. 
As we all know, the honey badger don't give a shit. I wish I had more in common with the honey badger right now.I had a hankering for a cheap sushi lunch. Let's just say 'cheap' and 'sushi' should never be in the same sentence.  But listen, for $9 you get a choice of 4 types of sushi (none of the very fancy ones, but still many to choose from), which makes a total of 16 small pieces of sushi.  The spicy tuna was fine; maybe next time they can pull back on the siracha. However,  i was not a fan of the rolls that had cream cheese in them.  I usually like some cream cheese in specialty rolls, but I felt like I was ONLY eating cream cheese. Do you know how weird it is to have smear on nori?!   It overwhelmed the fish, rice, and veggies.  Rice was bland, fish didn't have the freshest taste.  Miso soup was really good, but could have benefitted from more tofu.  
I won't be craving Mizu sushi, unless I have another desire for cheap sushi *see above!The existence of udon on the menu is a disservice to humanity. I've tried udon from three different continents, including instant ones. The udon here is by far the worst I have ever had. If Mizu wants to keep the dish on the menu, the name of the dish should be changed to "seawater, soy sauce, and noodles" to accurately reflect its abysmal, half-assed quality. If you happen to be in a relationship and want to call it quits, come to Mizu and order udon for your significant other. The silver lining of this mediocre restaurant is the Smart Roll special, which consists of 16 mini sushi rolls that can be surprisingly fulfilling. However, this deal is only useful for broke college students looking for sustenance. If you want real food, please do your palates and stomach a favor and go elsewhere.I wanted to really love this place as I'm always looking for affordable sushi options that are closer to me (West Philly) but this place was a disappointment. I say this because I've been here on several occasions and noticed that anytime I order a speciality (more expensive) roll, it's delicious, I literally can't complain. However, when I order a regular roll (i.e california, shrimp tempura, etc) these are the poorest tasting rolls I've ever had. Ever. I mean once I went here and my sister grabbed sushi from the Fresh Grocer down the street and hers tasted better. Appetizers like the gyoza and shrimp shumai are just average. If you plan to come here I recommend the Magma or the Firecracker roll. You can dine in but it's extremely small so I would call ahead if you plan on taking out. Unless you're looking for a quick fix in the area I'd say just skip this place altogether and grab something downtown.I can't believe I've lived a block away from Mizu for over a year and just discovered it!  It's moderately priced for sushi (two rolls, shrimp dumplings and seaweed salad came to $34) and the portion sizes are generous.  We had the American Dream (shrimp tempura, avocado & eel), which was huge and had the perfect amount of crunch and sauce.  There was avocado both inside and on top of the roll - Mizu definitely doesn't skimp on ingredients.   We also had the Rainbow Roll, which was good and as expected.  I really enjoyed the seaweed salad and thought the portion was really generous.  The shrimp dumplings were also yummy and came steamed, an extra plus.  
Though the restaurant is small, it wasn't the tiny hole in the wall I was expecting from reading the other yelp reviews.  It's an actual restaurant, with about 6 tables and window seating.  We went around 8:00 on a Saturday night and it was about half full when we got there.
I'll definitely be frequenting this place often!  Crossing my fingers for lunch specials. =)Good price for the sushi, fast delivery and beats out Nara any day. 
Just beware -- you leave the place smelling like tempura, and it's also a very small establishment.Mizu does the trick for decent, cheap, 100% edible sushi in UCity. The standard seafood rolls are large (12 pieces, compared to your normal 6 - 8), the fish is fresh (enough that I'll usually order a piece or two of sashimi), and delivery is reliable (but slow).  To echo previous reviewers, the tempura rolls usually leave a little bit to be desired. Stick with fish and you're set.
There isn't much in the way of "ambiance" here; I really think of it as a take-out place. I've had no complaints about the service on the handful of times I've eaten in, it just that the white walls (with menus and signs stuck to them) and bright lighting don't exactly exude atmosphere. If you do decide to eat in, though, you can BYOB.Great little place near my apartment! The prices were really reasonable, and I would even claim some of the sushi rolls to be extremely cheap. They serve you 12 pieces here instead of the standard 6-8, which is a huge plus. I usually order three rolls and only needed two here to feel more than full. The shrimp tempura roll was fantastic. I tend to eat eel, tuna, and salmon, but the tempura roll was phenomenal. They also serve spicy California rolls here, which is another plus. The salmon avocado roll was also really good. I've had fresher sushi at other places, but the service and serving size is unbeatable. 
The only thing I found that wasn't up to par was the miso soup. It was a little bland, but nothing a good couple drops of soy sauce couldn't fix! 
I'll be back!Cheapest sushi place around center city. I don't think that's necessarily a good thing either. You can get butter sushi from so many other places around Philadelphia using delivery for similar prices. Their sushi is dry and tasteless. The place is small with little room for more than 15 people and it doesn't seem that clean either. Just get delivery elsewhere and save yourself the time and appetite.I enjoyed their veggie sushi options at pretty decent prices. Their spicy mayo is a little more spicy than I'm used to, and a little more pricey at .50 cents for each extra 2 tablespoon container you ask for but hey, that's sushi life. :p My friend inhaled her creative maki rolls (with fish) she absolutely loved them, and I must admit, they looked mighty tasty. Overall, a good sushi experience, I would go here again.Disappointing to say the least. Super small rolls, fish wasn't fresh, and funny tasting miso soup. The sushi was edible but there are definitely way better options in the city. I was hopeful for Mizu but they missed the mark.  The price for their rolls don't compare to the quality. Won't be returning.I ordered the salmon lovers sushi... it was mediocre. I also had some vegetable gyoza, which was also mediocre. Although it's priced right, I'd rather pay a little more and get amazing sushi @ POD.. it's just very mediocre.. the place is tiny, you don't really feel cramped , but you sort of do..the fish was fresh.. enough... hmm next time I'm in the mood for a sushi fix in Ucity I'll skedaddle my way over to POD... yuppMizu offers everything I could ask from a take-out Sushi restaurant.  The food tastes great, presents well, and is reasonably price.  It is also insanely fast! I live 6 minutes away and my order is ALWAYS ready when I arrive.  I am accustomed to getting 6-8 pieces in a roll and Mizu always gives 12.  EXCELLENT!Solid, reasonably priced, and I have never had suspicions that they are going to kill me with bad fish or unsanitary practices. Everyone needs a go-to, cheap sushi spot. If you are in UCity, Mizu is a good option.Ever love the menu, but when the food came (or didn't come) it was late, an item was missing, service was terrible. I think that with delivery the balance between service and food weighs even heavier for service. Enter Mizu...always super helpful, polite aaaand made me a special order even when they were closing. Thank you!yeah, im a fan.. great sushi...some of the best around. decent prices and not a long wait. its a small place and the ambiance is non existant... but just get it to go or something.I go to this sushi bar for lunch while at work and their lunch special is reasonable and satisfying. Their sushi is very fresh. I prefer takeout because the place is very small.No wifi in a high traffic area for students....... Really?? Service was terrible food not too bad. I was given a warm cup of water and was told it was because the ice machine broke?!??? What the hell does that have to do with me???? Send someone to get bottled water until that's fixed for your eat in customers..... That being said no clear view of the bathroom nor signs.... There are a few other sushi places in the area and I would make this place last on the list.Great sushi for a small place. Mostly fresh but sometimes it isn't the bestDirt cheap and surprisingly good.
I normally get take-out from here since it's relatively close and open until 10. Everything is always good. Nothing spectacular, but $10 for a filling meal is nothing to complain about.
The only problem; they won't deliver to my house.Very disappointing.  JJ and I began to wonder around U City and came across this cute little Sushi joint.  I figured it was going to be pretty good since the place appeared to be packed.  To make a long review short, it just wasn't.
We got some sashimi, a couple of specialty rolls, and beef bulgogi.  While the portions on the sashimi were generous, they all seemed to taste the same!  The pair of rolls we got were unremarkable, while the bulgogi was nondescript.  As for that "cute little" look, what it meant was loud and nothing close to private. The staff was friendly, but not enough to save them from a poor review.Mizu is my favorite place to go for a quick sushi lunch on Penn's campus. While it's not the best sushi you'll ever have, it's never very crowded around lunch time and they get the basics right--Philadelphia roll, etc. 
I like that it's not uncommon to have the entire place to yourself around lunch. The place is very small, and on average, there is usually one other table of people there whenever I go. 
The waiter and waitress (the same people are there all the time) are very nice and efficient. The wait for food is never that long, and they will keep your water glass full. 
I would estimate that I eat here about once a month, and I am never disappointed. If you are super hungry, I recommend the Mizu roll (a huge roll consisting of a few different kinds of fish and coated in tobiko) and a regular roll, like an Alaska roll. It's rare that I can actually eat this combination because it's so much food, but it's tempting to order because it's so delicious. 
Anyway, if you want something upscale, go to Pod, but this this is your place for a casual sushi lunch at a leisurely pace.It was okay. The $8.95 smart roll (16 pieces) was a great deal and satisfied my cravings. The miso was a little watery.Had lunch here for sushi.  The fish in the display case looked beautiful, but the tuna and salmon rolls I had did not have a rich fish taste.  Bland.  Very good salmon skin roll.  And the miso soup is delicious.I order the lunch special - it's a good deal for some yummy sushi and a bowl of miso.Wow. Before coming here, I've never had good sushi. At Mizu, the seaweed salad is actually green and not a murky brownish green! The sushi is prepared when you order it. I still cant get over it.The most bland sushi that I've ever had for over 10 dollars for a role. The rice around my spicy tuna in the sunset roll was thicker than the tuna!The lunch special here gets you a miso soup and four half-rolls of which you can mix and match, all for $8.95. You can't really get a better deal in a University City area restaurant for lunch.
You can also order any roll on brown rice, which I requested for my lunch special. I ended up mixing up a few vegetarian rolls. Overall, they were pretty good, the tempura sweet potato was just okay, but the others with a mix of asparagus, cucumber, avocado, carrots and a pickled sea vegetable, were very good. The miso soup was hot and delicious. 
The location on 40th street leaves a little to be desired. I would have never guessed that this spot had such great sushi, until a friend recommended it recently.My all-time favorite sushi place!! Customer service is great and delivery is always much faster than estimated. Love the avocado rolls!Excellent specialty rolls (if you're into that) and generous servings of fresh fish on their Hwe Dup Bap (raw fish bibimbap) make this place one of my top Japanese cheap eats in Philly. Not to mention they have one of the best Takoyakis I have ever had (as close as you can get to takoyaki in Japan)! Crisp on the outside and steaming hot and chewy on the inside. Of course, it's nothing fancy and shouldn't be compared to restaurants on the higher end of the price spectrum. For its price point however, it's hard to find any fault in Mizu's offerings. Excellent choice all around especially in West Philly. 
Side note: It boggles my mind how a place like Vic's Sushi Bar with impersonal service and terrible sushi (with dry rice and rolls which falls apart when you pick them up! Que horror) can have a 5 star rating on yelp, as opposed to Mizu and Ochatto which only get 3-3.5 stars on average. *shakes head*Pretty much the only sushi restaurant nearby. Very mixed feelings about Mizu. The sushi is average, although the Smart Roll deal is pretty good. I usually prefer to get sushi from the restaurants in Center City (Vic's, Tsuki, etc.) However, since this is closest, I order delivery from here sometimes. 
The delivery is hit or miss - once, I waited 2 hours for my food to arrive. I have heard many complaints from friends about the delivery person, and I would agree - I didn't have reception on my phone once and got back to the delivery person 15 minutes later. I apologized profusely but he started screaming at me "NO, NOT SORRY, IT'S NOT OKAY" after making me walk to his car. 
Overall, Mizu satisfies your sushi cravings without having to go downtown.Mizu is very average. I like their smart roll deal, where you can get 4 pieces of 4 different rolls for $9. But you sort of get what you pay for. The rolls that didn't have raw fish and only had imitation crab tasted fine. The salmon was decent too. The spicy tuna and yellowtail especially didn't taste very fresh though. And the pieces were so tiny, cut very thin and there was so little crab meat in the California roll! They literally cut a crab stick in half! It all tasted normal, just not very fresh. The taste was fine for the cost though. The food was prepared quickly and it's location being very close to campus are pluses. I won't be visiting here often, only when I am really, really craving sushi and can't afford to get sushi anywhere else.Despite terrible service, this is by far he BEST SUSHI in Philly. I've been to many (fancy or otherwise) and Mizu is the freshest, most delicious one.Tiny little place but really great sushi!! I love the smart roll option. For $9 you get to pick 4 different types of sushi 4 pieces of each kind which means that you get 16 pieces total! Great price and the sushi is really delicious! The waitress is awesome we've had the same one both times we've been here and she's always great! The mochi ice cream is a great way to end the meal! In the warmer weather I will be walking here at least 2-3 times a week!!!GREAT Sushi!  Had a craving and they hit the spot perfectly.Delivered me pork when I ordered veggie. Altogether completely tasteless. Refused to issue me a refund. I wouldn't eat this food if you paid me to eat it.For what it's worth, Mizu serves up great sushi at a price that won't leave a hole in your wallet.  This location is just a bit smaller than the one in Rittenhouse Square, but it's in an area with a lot more foot traffic and can get a bit crowded sometimes--last time I walked by, I saw people standing in the doorway waiting to be seated!  Regardless, it's worth the wait, and if you come in during lunch, definitely take advantage of their lunch special (which is 16 pieces of sushi and a miso soup).  I had never tried their mushroom roll, so since I wasn't really that hungry when I came in (a friend and I were in the area and he was craving sushi, so we stopped in for a bite), that was all I needed to fill me up, and fill me up it did.  Since I'm in that area quite often, I foresee many more trips to this location!As a vegetarian, this is by far my favorite sushi place. The customization that they allow to your rolls and the portion can't be beat. I almost always get the brown rice roll with cucumber, carrot and avocado. For $6.95 you are served 12 pieces which is all I ever want. If you are on the hungry side, the green salad has a great ginger dressing and edamame are always fun to order. Everyone I've dined here with who enjoys seafood has also been pleased with their meal.I decided to try this place for its hole in the wall like appearance. A friend and I went, she got seaweed salad (portions are not that huge for $4) and we both got edamame and I also got miso soup. Everything was delicious, and since we were the only people in the place, we got quality service.
I ordered the spicy salmon roll, and she had the ghost roll. both were delicious and filling.
I would recommend this place, although the smell of fish is quite strong once you walk in the door. it wore off, or we got used to it. 
the place is very small and there are not very many seats, i suggest the window bar.Sushi here is always small especially when you get takeout. You either get a small sliver of fish cut into really small pieces if any fish. Usually stick with the smart roll which is affordable, $8.99 for 4 half rolls. You can get most of the rolls in this deal. Considering the lack of sushi options in university city, this is a reasonable option. Stick with some of the classic fishes(salmon and tuna) or tempuras.Very casual hole-in-the-wall with quick service and standard but not extraordinary sushi. Excellent value lunch special: choose 4 half rolls (4 pcs each, for a total of 16 pcs) + miso soup, all for $9.Mizu is a great balance of taste, price, and portions: a good amount of decent food for a reasonable price. They also now have what they call the "smart roll," where for $9 you can mix-and-match up to four different types of their non-specialty rolls, 16 pieces total. For an indecisive person like me, that's pretty convenient.Ate here a TON when I lived nearby. It's nothing fantastic, but the prices aren't too too high and the sushi is perfectly fine - a step above the pre-made stuff at Fresh Grocer across the street but nowhere near as good as the best places downtown.
If you're looking for affordable sushi in University City it's a good option, and you can BYO which is always a plus.I used to order from this place all of the time but recently they have become very unprofessional. The delivery driver was irate over his tip amount and even began texting my phone after he left. Never eating here again.Lunch at Mizu is, in my opinion, the best quick, inexpensive sushi spot that I have found in Philadelphia.  For just under $9 you get miso soup and 16 pieces of maki rolls that you can split into four different orders.  Service was quick, soup was awesome, sushi was fresh and delicious.  
Understand that this place is by no means some gourmet center city bougie 5 star restaurant.  BUT, for what it is, it is absolutely, completely perfect.
Shame on me for working down the street and just going last week.Sushi is average. This is where I go when I am at work and need a fix because it is available and Fresh Grocer is not an option. The American Dream Roll is outstanding though, I must say.Really delish sushi! Mizu has a really yummy volcano roll and dragon roll. The miso soup is really nice as well. The only downside is the price is a bit high. But I would definitely keep paying $14 for that volcano roll!The lunch special was average. True, you get a lot for the money but that's about it. The sushi is served on plasticware.  All four kinds of sushi rolls were arranged nicely. The best one out of the lot was the eel roll. The shrimp tempura and the salmon and shrimp spicy rolls were questionable at best. The sushi does leave a fishy aftertaste in your mouth for several hours. Not a good sign -- meaning the fish is not that fresh.This place is pretty weak. Mediocre quality sushi, boring menu, no creativity, and really weak service. Not friendly, not approaching the table unless called over, and seemingly sullen about the job. It just made for an all around poor experience that I wouldn't want to repeat.Little sushi alcove in U City.
Mizu is staffed by Japanese people -- a good sign! The interior is OK but tiny, about the size of a large dorm bedroom. It doesn't feel like an inviting place to sit and I opted to take my food to go. I ordered an 8-piece nigiri plate and the house spider roll.
The spider roll came filled with deep-fried crab meat, cucumber, and masago. However, everything in the dish had its flavor masked with salt -- if I wanted this much soy sauce on my sushi, I would prefer to add it myself. The crab was actually decent, but there just wasn't enough of it. The "roll" I ordered was more like half a roll. 2/5.
The 8-piece nigiri sampler, on the other hand, was truly a sad excuse for a dish. Squid, salmon, tuna, yellowtail, halibut, octopus, and a couple of other colors are represented... 1/5 for diversity, because all of them are equally terrible. Each piece was dry and flavorless, as though the taste and texture had been sucked out with a vacuum. If I had been in the store I would have seriously considered sending it back to the kitchen, something which I've never done before. Fresh fish is the hallmark of great sushi establishments worldwide, and I'm disappointed to say that this place just doesn't make the cut. On top of that, the whole dish was incredibly tiny. It was maybe four bites in all and definitely not substantial. After eating what should have been a light meal, it turned out to be more like no meal at all and I immediately went next door to Jimmy John's for a sandwich.
Blech. If I ever wanted to eat something like this again, I'd just hit up the neighborhood grocery store.Dear Mizu, 
Thank you for making brown rice vegetarian maki rolls. I love brown rice, and you make them fast and fairly fresh, and not all that expensive. And you've made me some nice and fairly priced catering trays. You're A-OK.I stopped here to pick up food for a postmates order and it smelled so good I figured  li would try it and I wasn't let down. The fish was amazing and fresh and they shrimp gyoza were delicious!  Awesome lunch deal offered here -U get to choose 4 rolls and each has 4 pieces so 16 pieces total and miso soup for 8.99. I got tuna and avocado, salmon and avocado, shrimp tempura, and sweet potato tempura. I'll def be back and this could be my go-to for a quick bite and fresh sushi.it's definitely the better option around here in west philly, but nothing extraordinary. i do appreciate that they have hwe dup bab...since i wouldn't know where else around here i can get it. i mean...i know i can trek out to upper darby and go to the hmart there but it's still effort. 
anyways, the hwe dup bab was pretty good. a little pricey but considering it's seafood, not bad at $12 i guess. fyi it will serve one person so don't expect to share unless you're getting some other stuff. as others have mentioned, the size of their rolls are pretty small but again, priced decently considering the fact that it's sushi. i've never had any issues with their fish other than the tuna...it didn't look very fresh. the salmon has always been pretty good tho. you get a really good deal with the salmon lover at $13. 
i will be back!I love this little sushi place! I've been to the one in West Philly. Service is very friendly and the sushi is VERY affordable. Absolutely worth a visit if you're craving sushi.Advantages: Pretty good sushi. Not the best in the city, but above average. A couple of their special rolls are superb. The best part is the affordability - large rolls for the same price you'd pay elsewhere for a small roll.  Pretty good menu variety. Friendly (though somewhat disinterested) staff. Orders for pickup are usually ready within 15 minutes, dine in orders are even faster.
Disadvantages: Not a lot of dining space at all, very slow delivery. Oh, and one big thing: Closed Sundays. What's up with that? It's remarkable how often Sundays come around and I'm craving sushi. Mizu leaves you flapping in the wind on that one.i have found mizu's sushi to be good, not excellent. however, the prices are excellent. also, considering the other option in west philly, nara, this is a winner.This location does not accept VALID VOUCHERS!!I love living in West Philadelphia, but my main gripe is that there's nowhere to get good sushi. You've got Nara, which is overpriced, mediocre and skanky; and Pod, which is overpriced, mediocre and pretentious. But Mizu? Is perfectly adequate.
If I want a really good sushi meal, I'll head over the river to one of many places I enjoy: Fuji Mountain, Yakitori Boy, Raw, Umai Umai, etc., etc. If I'm sitting at my West Philly home on a Wednesday night and I get in the mood, I'll order takeout or delivery from Mizo to satisfy my cravings. The sushi isn't spectacular, but it's decent -- and decent value for your money at $6-$7 rolls with 12 pieces a piece. I reiterate the takeout or delivery, as I would never eat in because college kids are awful. Seriously, once I stopped in and ordered without calling ahead and I think I legitimately lost IQ points overhearing the U Penn conversations. Better yet, just order delivery and avoid them all together.
Anyway, sushi does the job at a decent price. Thumbs up from me.Decent sushi, nice staff. Nice if you're eating in. If you're looking for takeout, go across the street to Fresh Grocer. I'm serious! They have an equally awesome sushi bar that's a bit cheaper.Sadly one if the few sushi delivery choices in west Philadelphia. In the past few years, the quality has gone down. I decided to give them another chance ordered the chicken tempura. It tasted like fish despite the restaurants response that it was just eel sauce I doubt their response. I will never order from this restaurant again.Me and my best friend come here all the time whenever we're in university city to see a movie and we always love the food
Whenever we order a few rolls each we get way more food than we thought we were getting and for such an affordable price its such a crazy deal highly reccomend this place.Tasty sushi, extremely attentive and friendly service, very affordable prices.
I've been to the Center City location and loved it, so I was super excited when a friend recommended we stop here for lunch.  I had a veggie combo roll that was delicious and fresh.  I also had a sweet potato tempura, which was okay - super fried, couldn't taste the sweet potato that much.
A great place for a quick lunch!I came to Mizu for my first time a couple of weeks ago, and was pleasantly surprised. I don't eat seafood, so I began by asking the waitress what the best vegetarian options were. She responded and pointed to specific rolls on the menu, and gave me recommendations as to what most vegetarian people order when they dine at Mizu.
I opted for the roll that came with mango, avocado, sweet potato tempura, and brown rice. It was delicious! Not a lot of food for the price I paid, but still very tasty. I'll definitely be back to satisfy my sushi cravings.
Overall verdict: Some great vegetarian options, on the slightly pricier side, tasty for some quick sushi. Don't come here expecting gourmet and fancy rolls-- but it does the job!Mizu is a decent spot to hit up for some sushi in UCity!
I've grabbed lunch here for takeout a few times before, and while this place doesn't have the best sushi I've tasted, it's not bad. I usually get their lunch special, which offers you 4 half rolls (4 pieces per half roll) and a miso soup for $8.95, which isn't bad! I've tried their eel tempura, salmon and avocado, campus, spicy salmon, and crazy rolls. The eel tempura roll is sweet and crunchy (drenched in sweet eel sauce), the salmon/avocado roll has a decent fish/avocado: rice ratio, the campus roll (which contains tuna, avocado, and cream cheese) actually tastes pretty good, the spicy salmon roll is average (probably the worst of the ones I've tasted), and the crazy roll is good but didn't stand out to me. 
I think there are other places in Philly where you can definitely get better deals on sushi, but for a spot close to Penn's campus, Mizu is OK!The simple sushis are the only ones that are pretty reasonably priced (from a college student's point of view). The specialty rolls are pretty good, but they're also very overpriced. The atmosphere is pretty 'cozy' meaning that there are very few seats, and the servers don't really assist you that much. Overall, just an average, low-key sushi restaurant. Nothing too spectacular