Great service, amazingly fresh sushi, and you can't beat the lunch deals. Highly recommend!!My boyfriend and I tried Mizu in Center City on a Friday for a lunch date.  We both got the lunch special (if I remember correctly it was $8-9/person) which came with a bowl of miso soup and 4 half rolls of sushi.  Awesome deal!
The miso soup was delicioussssss and was loaded with tofu.  Loved it.  Being able to choose any 4 half rolls was nice and a great opportunity for variety (and two whole rolls is just the right amount of sushi, in my opinion!).  I had different combinations of veggie rolls. They have brown sushi rice as an alternative to white, which is also fairly unique for a sushi place.  That said, I'd give my sushi a B+.  It was very nice, but nothing spectacular.  
The service was very friendly, although a little slow.  Our "lunch date" ended up taking over an hour - so if your lunchtime is limited, save this one for a dinner date.Waitress was extremely nice and made sure we never had an empty tea pot. Miso soup was good, the sushi itself was excellent. Small but very accommodating. BYOB so there was no sake, but we can at least bring our own, which we will sometime soon.Moved to Philly four years ago and Mizu has been my go-to ever since my first year here. I did the whole testing of almost ever sushi place that would deliver, and Mizu came on top and I've been a loyal customer ever since!!! There's only two things I would change: 1) The $15 minimum for delivery and 2) The delivery guy is a little odd: a few times he's called me telling me he was downstairs, only to walk downstairs and find out he was parked down the street and didn't realize he was at the wrong address for a few more minutes. Also, he has called me with the greeting immediately being "Delivery Delivery Delivery" almost yelling, and then hangs up. Just odd. But it wouldn't ever stop me from ordering from them.As unbelievable as this story may sound, it is completely true!! 
We all know that eating sushi may get you sick, but at MIZU you also risk blunt force trauma to the face!
Thats exactly  what happend to me on my first visit to Mizu. After my meal with my fiance, in wich we had just paid the bill. She noticed a large cockroack on the wall behind me. It had crawled out from behind a picture on the wall. As if this type of this happens all time, the guy behind the register pulled out a fly swatter and casually approached the roach. Keep in mind, this is while I am just a few feet away, with several other patrons in the restaurant. Anyway, he starts to approach the cockroach and cocks back the swatter, when the huge bug flies off the wall directy in the direction of my face! As any sane person would do, I reacted by frantically swinging my head around and down to avoid the cockroach. As I did this, I hit my eye brow on the rim of the large/tall heavy duty plastic cup on the table. Ouch!!! As blood starting dripping off my face, it seemed like every staff person in Mizu scattered out of site qucker than the cockroach! As my fiance tended to my wound, I did not get even the slightest inquiry or offer of help from any staff in the restaurant. No apology, towel, handi-wipe, bandaid, offer of a free meal... nothing! 
As we exited the restaurant with the last of our yuengling bottles we came in with,  the guy who had now returned to behind the register uttered the most pathetic "sooorryy" i ever heard. Basically he didnt give a damn! 
The only consolation I had was my beer I came in with,  which  I immediatly commenced to pound in the square. 
I just barely avoiding needing stiches.
Does anybody still care how my food was?
Thats one for the cockroach. Bastard!!!As a big sushi eater, I personally recommend try sushi at city next to ocean.
Food preservation is a huge element affects sushi's taste. For example, Morimoto put special leaf under raw fish. They carefully reduced the transportation time to keep their fish not freeze for too long.
So it's hard to find decent sushi place at Philadelphia. Qualitywise $10 and $23 almost taste the same.
In this case, Mizu did a good job on menu selection. Their lunch sushi or Salmon Lover combination are pretty good deal in terms of it's price and taste.  
I actually highly recommend their Veggie Bimbimbob. It's taste very refresh and clean, it's pretty hard to find Asain food less oil and msg near Penn.
I also need to question their Udon noodle soup. The same $8 Udon can have varies vegetable or meat at other restaurant. But the Udon they serve is kind of way off.Got some late night sushi the other night, and wasn't disappointed at all.  I've heard this isn't the best in town, but it ain't the worst either.  And on an upside its a BYO, so feel free to bring in some wine or what not.
The prices are pretty fair, and some rolls even come with 12 pieces which is pretty ridiculous, but at the same time the pieces are small.  I tried the spicy Tuna Roll which was very affordable and not too shabby.
What I really enjoyed was the nigiri.  (slice of fish on rice).  The fish was cut pleasantly thick, and everything wasn't fishy but rather pretty fresh.
I actually tried a piece of Uni here, I actually dislike Uni still, but it wasn't too bad, so yah, this place is definitely a re-visit, and an update is soon to come, as I didn't really try too many different rolls.
But definitely try out this place if you're looking for a good sushi place.Always consistent. I love the vegan rolls. My friends don't have the best things to say about their sashimi. The ginger dressing is spot-on.Very good sushi at a great price! Super friendly staff. Boyfriend forgot his hat and our waiter came running after us with it!If you are looking for a quaint sushi place near Penn's campus, this is the place to go. With regards to the sushi, the cuts of fish are fresh and sit atop a nice crispy ball of rice that's not too large. Now only if it came with ponzu sauce...
The udon was pretty large and filling, but the small miso soup was really small. It looked like what you get when you order a bento box that comes with a complimentary miso soup.Too lazy to make dinner or go out, and in the mood for sushi? If you're willing to settle, Mizu has your number. We had an Ocean Party Tray delivered last night, which was enough for a light dinner for 2.
Other than the tuna and shrimp nigiri I wasn't too fond of any other pieces. The surf clam and shrimp nigiri were tough and the rolls were tiny (they were pretty stingy with all the protein to be honest). I thought that the giant California rolls were more comparable to standard sized rolls.
To be fair the price was pretty good, but when it comes to sushi-sashimi I'd rather shell out a couple of bucks more for something better.There are two kinds of sushi places and one can be in the mood for either: 
#1: A sushi restaurant with fresh, fresh fish sliced thick and across the grain. Maybe a combination where the chef will give you an assortment of today's freshest sashimi. Maybe also a few rolls made fresh with interesting spices or ingredients. Places that come to mind are Bluefin, Zento, etc. 
#2: Quick will-fill-you-up-but-not-make-you-too-full sushi for less than 10 bucks. Some generic rolls like California, Spicy Tuna, Philadelphia Roll that is maybe fresher than the supermarket counter but not by much. 
I think Mizu fits into the category of #2 and is more appropriate as a local take out place or for a quick bite to eat. Their menu is not too creative and I would not find it worth it to travel across Center City (or even more than 2 blocks) for this. Their prices are fine and you get what you pay for. I would have even given them three stars - but they use the same frozen dumplings and edamame that you could buy at Trader Joe's or your local Asian foodmart.Mizu is one of our go-to places when we decide to have a cheap weeknight date in Rittenhouse.  We typically get our order to go and eat it in the park together.
The food is fresh, yummy, and inexpensive.  The servers and cashier are always friendly and definitely helpful.  If you don't know what you want or don't know much about sushi, they're willing to answer your questions and do it with a smile.
We once ordered a few party platters here for a house party we were having.  The platters looked great and disappeared quickly!  As my husband describes it, "People came in, took off their coats, saw the sushi, and basically stood by the table eating without talking until it was gone."I would give this place 2.5 stars because for Philly, it's decent.  I feel that it's comparable to places like Vic's and Uzu.  Both Mizu's in W. Philly and Center City are of the same quality and Korean-owned and operated.  They are both BYO and the service feels very much like a family-owned business.  The decor is bare and cheesy and the sushi is frozen and they defrost it.  However, the sushi is reasonably priced and the sauces poured on some of the rolls are good (e.g., spicy tuna, unagi, etc.).  I would never order nigiri or sashimi at a place like this--you can really tell it's been defrosted, but if you have an intense craving for sushi and you want to drink a cheap bottle of wine with a buddy, then this place will deliver.  There are several rolls that come in 12 pieces and the spicy tuna roll is always reliable and filling.  The place is very small though so big groups can't be accommodated.  However, the chefs work like dogs here and will accommodate any catering order.  There are also lots of pre-determined platters to choose from on their menu.
One thing I highly recommend is the Hwe Dup Bap.  For $11, you get a big bibimbap with raw salmon, tuna, etc.--something Koreans love.  Yum!  But for sushi, I reserve top ratings for really quality fish.THIS IS FOR THE TO-GO PLATTERS, not sit-in
We put in a large order a few days in advance, when they told us when the order would be ready. As soon as I walked in the order was ready for me.
The platters were beautifully  arranged (to the extent that they can be in plastic platter dishes), looked great and tasted great too. 
I would recommend Mizu for catering - their sushi is really a great valueI had not been back here in years once I discovered Vic's and other places.
A good friend really wanted to come here for lunch and we both split an order of 8 steamed frozen) gyoza (They offer chicken, pork, veggie, shrimp or beef - wow!) and we each got the $8.95 lunch special.
It includes miso soup (good - but tastes like a kikkoman restaurant-mix) and your choice of 4 half-makis (4 pieces).  I got spicy yellowtail (OK), yellowtail scallion (very good), albacore cucumber (real Albacore - not Escolar - yay extra star for that), and Tempura Salmon.
Very inexpensive for lunch and quite filling due to all the rice.
The owner/manager from years ago seemed to remember me, too - which was nice but also made me feel bad that I had not been coming for a long time.
So my faith has been restored in Mizu - and although Vic is still better quality sushi, it is much more pleasant to dine here - at a table and not elbow to elbow with the other 7 seats at Vic.
I'll be back - and sooner than I had planned.Food: 4.5 Stars
Mizu has a wonderful variety of specialty rolls as well as the standard sushi rolls.  The specialty rolls are fresh, made of well balanced combinations of ingredients, and utilize sweet and spicy flavors without overwhelming core flavors.
Service: 4.5 Stars
Service is excellent, prompt, and considerate of patrons.  A family owned and run establishment, the family members take pride in caring for their customers.
Ambiance: 3.0 Stars
The restaurant is basic in presentation and decor.  It lends more to a casual dining experience.  Being family owned and run, it does have a very unique charm and warmth.
Price: 4.0 Stars
Basic sushi rolls are reasonable priced as are certain specialty rolls.  Certain specialty rolls are in the mid to upper price range.  The restaurant is BYOB which is a huge plus.
Location: 4.0 Stars
Mizu has 3 locations in distinct Philadelphia neighborhoods.  The establishment we most frequent is found just outside of Rittenhouse Square.  The sushi bars are located near other popular bars/lounges/restaurants.
Overall Impression/ Miscellaneous: 4.0 Stars
Mizu offers excellent, fresh, and unique sushi options at reasonable prices.  It is BYOB which is always a bonus.  The family run atmosphere and consideration for patrons, makes Mizu one of the best and most underrated sushi bars in Philadelphia.Friendly staff. Quiet and pleasant dining experienceI eat here quite a bit. I love this place. The dining area is small, with bar seating and window bar seats. It's not too pricey compared to other city sushi prices. The sushi is very tasty. If you like spicy stuff, I would suggest trying the Firecracker or the Volcano. I mostly order specialty rolls and seafood rolls. They also offer brown rice option if you are on a diet. The service is friendly and fast. Another good sign is that you will see other customers come in and out for to go orders. This place gets pretty good business even on week days.Quick and speedy service. Fresh sushi, however I wish, having never been here before. I read some previous reviews. I ordered way too much!! 
Be sure to ask about the roll size to avoid over eating, or spending. I like the tip about taking it to-go and eating in the park. I will be doing that in the future :)Quality has been slipping over the years.  I have gone to Mizu since it first opened (now there are 3 of them in Philly),  Back then it was dirt-cheap (which always makes me suspicious when dealing with raw, fresh fish) and very, very good.
Today, Mizu offers a limited selection of fish - the basics like tuna, salmon and yellowtail and also standard rolls.  Prices are low to moderate and they give you BIG portions.  A roll is really 1.5 rolls - 12 pieces.
Mike, the owner, is rarely ever at the Original 20th Street location - and the sushi bar chefs I used to know well are not there anymore.  I am hopeful they can recapture the service and freshness level they had when they first opened.
Incidentally - they make an excellent Hwe Dup Bop and tasty Gyoza and Shumai are cheap (frozen - not home made).It's time to update one of my favorite sushi places in the city.  
While it seems as if there's been an influx of take-out sushi in Philly, I still make time to go to my original favorite, Mizu.  They're not the cheapest or the most expensive, but I'd say they're juuuuuust right.
Case-in-point: The other day I stopped in for some take-out lunch.  I ordered 2 rolls because my eyes are bigger than my backpack.  The very nice employee who was working the register did everything he could to help me squeeze my sushi goodness into my bike bag.  We rearranged things and made it work.  I think most staff at other places would watch, perhaps have a laugh at a tiny gal trying to cram way too much sushi into her very small bag, but this fine fellow decided to help me out and I was able to ride home without any mishaps.
Customer service is great, sushi is great, just go here already!This BYOB is our go-to sushi spot for your "everyday" sushi. The price is terrific for the sushi they serve. The sashimi combo is what we pretty much get everytime. The eel is usually cooked with the perfect balance of sweetness and earthiness. You can't go wrong with this place!I have never been disappointed with Mizu.  If you're in the mood for fresh, delicious sushi, but don't want to break the bank and are looking for a casual environment, you've found your place.  The dining room is TINY and can get pretty loud when full.  If you get there on a weekend night and it's full, a great alternative is to order your sushi to go and eat it in Rittenhouse Square (weather permitting, of course).  This is also a really great place for a quick weekday lunch.Used to work in Philly a few years ago and this tiny place was a regular lunch spot. Stopped in yesterday for old time's sake and had a delightful lunch at the counter. The sushi chefs worked non-stop, making wonderful creations for the few tables of diners and constant stream of take-out customers.
Our lunch consisted of edamame, a mixed salad (with a delicious citrus infused ginger dressing) a couple of rolls from the $9 lunch special (tempura shrimp and spicy tuna) and Mizu's delicious Firecracker roll which contains something along the lines of cucumber, crab and avocado inside, then thinly sliced tuna, spicy mayo and fish eggs outside. It is outstanding - so many subtle flavors going on and a really nice heat.
We noticed they are BYOB.  Will definitely bring sake next time (there's a big liquor store down the street at 20th and Market).
Service and quality are impeccable, all the same friendly faces were still there after visiting for the first time in 5 years and they remembered, that was cool too.If I lived in the neighborhood, this would probably be my default Friday night take out place. The sushi hits the spot, especially the spicy rolls. I generally don't have my sushi made with brown rice, but they do it well here. A nice place to pop in whether dining alone or casually with a friend. 
Oh yea, order the seaweed salad.Place is good. Food is alright. Sesame seeds that they use on their rolls are excellent.Small hole-in-the-wall sushi spot in Rittenhouse. Simple menu but the food is good and the service is spot-on. BYOB so bring a couple of bottles. Music was great to keep the vibe loose.good sushi.  not the best you're gonna get, but for the price, this is my go-to sushi spot.  plus it's byo.  the servers are always friendly and nice.  downside is that the place is rather small, although I've never had an issue with getting a table.As a solo diner, I was searching for some sushi close to the downtown hotel in which I was staying.  Mizu was found.
It was a Saturday evening, at around 6:30pm and I walked in to find only 2 other people seated at the sushi bar.  I was seated promptly and given water just as fast.
I ordered seaweed salad to start (large portion for one and delicious), 2 pieces of tuna and 2 of snapper, sashimi, followed by the Fullmoon Roll (wrapped in pickled radish).
The fish was very good and the roll was great.
Mizu isn't the most beautiful of places on the inside, but does seat 20 comfortably.
I will come back to Mizu, when in Philadelphia again.This is a great place to get your weekly sushi fix. I've eaten in once, and everything was fresh and speedy. The roommate and I usually order in on rainy evenings, and Mizu is a top choice. One thing to note is that the portions are pretty large- or at least larger than what I'm used to. One roll is sometimes 12 pieces, but I always forget this and end up ordering too much. Oh well- more for leftovers!Consistently one of the best value sushi places in Philadelphia.  Honestly, its one the best sushi places period, regardless of price.  The sushi chefs take great care on every roll.  The plates always come out looking and tasting great.  Thank you, Mizu!It's the little things.
They don't seem to post their hours, so I walked in tentatively, and learned that they were open.  It didn't smell right in there - like cleaner and an 'off' smell.  I almost left, but decided to stay and give it a chance.
I have to say that the salad was very, very good.  The ginger dressing was made well and almost led me to a three-star review. 
The sushi rolls for the lunch special are tiny.  I ordered an avocado roll and a spicy tuna roll, and they were filling enough, but certainly a lot smaller than any sushi I've had.
The wasabi was NOT mixed correctly, or something about it wasn't treated the right way, because the first bits I took were pleasant, and then suddenly it was very overpowering.  I had to take it off after awhile because some got on my lip and stung so badly.
Like I said, the little things.  Small sushi, crazy wasabi, and a funky smell...I couldn't give it more than 2 stars.  If I go back, it'll be later in the day - maybe it would be different.  We'll see.Bright little storefront restaurant and service is pleasant. However, I wasn't impressed with the food - nothing original. I was surprised they did not offer a bento box at lunchtime. The tea was nothing more than a cheap bag of green tea in the cup - I'm not looking trying to celebrate the Way Of Tea, but even my lazy self can brew up a pot of loose leaf green tea, sheesh.Uh oh! The secret is out.  Last time we were there, we had to sit at the sushi bar because every table was taken, but good for them since I want them to be around for awhile!  Very consistent and as tasty as ever!Mizu used to be my favorite sushi place to go to.  It is conveniently located and the staff there is always so  very friendly.  One of my favorite items are their shrimp tempura and pork gyoza.  They changed their menu and  It seems they don't offer the PORK gyoza anymore, and the tempura recipe has also changed.  The tempura was horrible; no flavor at all. There are many other items I also order, but am now afraid to in fear of disappointment.  I hope they consider going back to their old menu.  Change is not always a good thing.Mizu is a great little sushi place for lunch or a low key and low price sushi dinner. It's BYOB like most sushi restaurants in the city. The portions are generous for the price and the service is most definitely above average.  
Also, you get a ton of sushi when you order takeout!!!There are so many sushi places in Philly, and the choices around Rittenhouse are plentiful. For me, it's tough to decide based on taste alone at times. 
If you're only interested in reading about Mizu's food, I can safely say that their Volcano roll is superbly textured as well as super flavorful. Their mochi ball ice cream dessert is the best in town. I also loved their seaweed salad. 
But it's the people who run this establishment that touched my heart. 
My wife and I went into the restaurant on a random weeknight when most of the area seemed desolate and restaurants looked empty. When we walked into Mizu, I noticed an older lady talking to herself. After sitting down and placing our order, I was overcome with pity for a woman who was struggling with some mental illness - schizophrenia or dementia, maybe. Unfortunately, this woman was not kind to the employees at Mizu. Often using crass language and demanding that they accept a check as payment for her bill (one that's sure to bounce), the staff was patient and respectful of this poor old lady who honestly had just lost her marbles. 
My wife and I were truly touched by their kindness towards her. They didn't call the cops, kick her out, or talk back. They even accepted the check knowing full well that it  wasn't likely to go through...
Anyway, we introduced ourselves to Jin (one of the chefs) and YJ (the host and server) and expressed how touched we were with the respect they gave a trying customer.
Thanks for a great meal and a great example of what empathy should look like.I stop here every once in a while for lunch, and it's fine, but you are better off going to Zama and spending a little more money.  Most recently, I had a spicy yellowtail roll.  It was good, nothing special.Mizu is my go to sushi place in center city. The service is great and the rolls are delicious. Compared to Vic's? Hands down, Mizo wins. Mizu is cleaner, service is better, and rolls are bigger and better. The prices are pretty much similar.While their food was tasty, their portions are small and their menu rather limited.  It's a BYOB place, so keep that in mind if you want a drink.  I walked in at about 7pm on a Tuesday evening and was the only person in the place.  Despite of this, I stayed and enjoyed my dinner.  It's nothing fancy and don't expect anything except the typical types of fish, but I had an average sushi dinner. I tried both sushi and sashimi and ran up a hearty $55 dinner bill (and I brought my own wine).  Nothing terribly special, but good food.Not too expensive, friendly staff, and yummy rolls. Plus, their miso soup is really good. Don't fall for the bombastic sushi bars lounging around downtown. You'll only end up putting a giant hole in your pocket. Go, Mizu!~ *^^*Mizu is very TEENY TINY and casual, but still clean and welcoming enough with great service that sitting down for dinner is still quite pleasant. My friend JJP had been raving about the hwedupbap at Mizu, and since it's pretty rare to find good hwedupbap in the city, so we knew we had to have it! 
HweDupBap: rice, fluke, salmon, tuna, flounder, salmon roe, lettuce, sesame leaf, carrots, radish, apples, cucumbers, imitation crabmeat, chojjang (red pepper paste sauce)
I am pretty sure I'm missing some of the veggies included but yeah it was fan-TASTIC. The fish was super fresh and chopped into cubes that were the perfect bite-size morsel and the veggies were shredded fine enough to make everything blend together perfectly. I kinda wish it came with a bowl of miso soup, which is what I'm used to, but other than that, it was soooo good. Plus, I felt like I was being healthy! Win!
Magma Roll: rice + nori + spicy tuna + mango + spicy mayo + jalapeno, crunch, scallions
This was a HUGE roll that had so much flavor and texture and it was wonderful. It was really surprising that you could taste every single flavor of this combination. The jalapeno and spicy mayo gave this good heat, but it was subtle, not really overpowering. 
I enjoyed Mizu so much that I will have to try to come up with a reason why I shouldn't head there every night for dinner.
The menu also had bulgogi/beef over rice bowls which a savory meaty party for your mouth, as well as a wide variety of sushi and sashimi offerings. Honestly, their rolls all looked very interesting and creative. As an added bonus, for your non-fish liking friends, Mizu has a pretty good selection of veggie only rolls as well.Walked in late Saturday afternoon and was truly pleasantly surprised.  Amazing friendly staff ,  clean and spotless. Excellent menu that delivered fresh and beautify prepared plates .  We had standard sushi and a plate of excellently prepared pieces of a variety of fresh fish with spiced rice and veggies.  We had the best overall experience.  We will go back. And look out for the happy hour with major bargains off the regular menu,Mizu lost it's mojo!  I asked if they were under new management and the waitress said yes.  It's completely changed and shouldn't even be using the name as it's like walking into a different restaurant. 
The ginger salad dressing tasted like it had too much onion.  The sushi rolls were dry and lacked flavor. So it must be a new chef too. 
The waitress was nice and attentive though we were the only people there. 
The issue that bothered us the most was the loud commercial top 40s radio that was playing.  It seemed like commercials were playing the entire time.  I don't even remember exactly what was playing at the old Mizu - probably a good thing, but it was certainly something commercial free.  
Pros - the bill was cheaper but we'd rather pay more for better food. 
Sorry Mizu, we will be looking for a new favorite sushi place.Mizu Sushi bar is what it is.  It's not going to blow you away, it's not going to let you down either.  Prices are reasonable, staff is friendly.  I've never dined in, but usually grab one of their sushi combos and an edamame side as take-out on a busy night.  I haven't been to adventurous with any of their specialty rolls, but look forward to trying them in the future.I stopped here for a late lunch the other day. Knew nothing about the place I was simply passing by. The service was fast and good. The food was tasty as well. I found a lot of options for myself as I am vegetarian and I do not eat fish. If I was in the area I would probably stop by again. 
They do offer a discount if you check in with yelp. So take advantage of it!Great food, great service, what more could you want? Some of the best sushi I've ever had. And they deliver. I love Mizu.Heads up! Mizu on RittenHouse was my go to sushi place as well whenever I'm in a rush to get good, inexpensive sushi to go. I did tonight and noticed that there was a female cashier and the sushi chef was new. So, I asked if it was new management. In so many words, she said the chef is from the old place and learning a lot of new stuff.  Well, so I assumed she was  talking about the chef from university city. The menu looks exactly the same, same set up, etc. the sushi - terrible! The rice was crunchy and dry, the spicy tuna smelled a bit fishy, and the shrimp tempura was rubbery. What a waste of money.  Bye bye Mizu!Very friendly and amazing at compromising on what you want or they will work with u. They will recognize you and know your name. They give you 12 pieces for each roll so be hungry!!!!!Prices are pretty standard for sushi and the quality of the fish is far from the best and yet the portions and service make up for the different.The space inside can be very uninviting so I would recommend this place as a take out. Watch out, closed on Sundays!!! :PThere are many sushi restaurants in center city. But I've been returning to Mizu for the past four years because I love their food.  But recently they switched their soy sauce from Yamasa to Kikkoman.  The past two times I've ordered the flavors were off and I realize now it is because of the soy sauce.   Hey if Yamasa is more expensive and your trying to save costs, I understand.  But I would definitely be willing to pay a few cents more if you bring Yamasa back, and of course continue to be a loyal customer.It was mediocre.  The price is right and the delivery was quick, but it just didn't taste right. I think the quality of the fish is pretty low...not dangerous or anything, but not good.Really great service.  Our waiter was SO nice and so attentive.  Sushi was fine and well priced for lunch (your standard 2 rolls and miso soup for $8.95).Turn around and go home if you want good sushi.  I'm always up for trying new places, but I wish I got premonitions or something cool like that; that would warn me of bad things to come.
Its kinda cute inside. Small, a few tables, not too fancy, not too shabby.  Menu looks good enough.  Typical things you would find at any sushi bar.  I wasn't too hungry so I only got an avocado roll and spicy salmon roll.  I think it was about 12 pieces each, which was quite a lot.  But the quality of the food was not so good.  It really wasn't fresh in my mind at all.  But my friend (who is still in college and loves cheap eats) was lapping that shit up, I even had to offer him some of mine.  
The service was great however.  The waiter had a hawk eye.  Couple sips of my water and he was there to fill it up.  Kinda freaky though, since he stood by and just watched us eat from a far.  Hmm.
I won't say the food was revolting, but I would have expected better from a place in such close proximity to other kickass sushi bars.  Come on now! Shame on you.  Buy some fresh shit!!They offer somewhat tolerable sushi rolls (it's West Philadelphia, so I'll eat what I can get), but extra charges for brown rice and hefty delivery fees won't bring me back as a customer.This is a lovely, friendly, neighborhood spot in a neighborhood that's often impersonal and wayy too fancy. They have great deals (2 rolls and a special roll for $20), the best agadashi Tofu in Philly, and great service. It's my GF and I's #1 sushi spot in Philly!I tried their sushi for lunch and that tasted like the leftover from yesterday .Had sushi here twice in the last month (because Vic is sadly closed on Saturday until 5 and all day Sunday) and it was great. The food was fresh and the service was great. The prices are a little high but I'd gladly pay it rather than get dry rice or tiny portions. 
When ordering, we especially liked the volcano roll, the special eel roll, philly roll, and the spicy tuna is always a favorite. A great go-to sushi place!I've been a regular at Mizu since around November 2014, when the new owners started to run the restaurant. The sushi is delicious and reasonably priced ($8.95 for 2 rolls + miso soup before 2 p.m.).  I like the fact that they don't put too much rice in the sushi--too much rice can overwhelm the fish or other ingredients and make the sushi too big to eat easily.  The miso soup is thicker than some other miso soup I had elsewhere and actually has chunks of mushroom, which I like.  I often come here alone and don't feel awkward. The staff is so friendly...it's almost like eating at a neighbor's.  They also have curry--red, green, and masama.  I tried 2 of those and are very good.  They also are thinking about introducing don-gatsu, which is like pork wienerschnitzel, but with tempura batter, if there's enough interest.  I hope more people request it, so it'll get on the menu.  Don't forget to BYOB.  Overall, friendly atmosphere, delicious food, great value.Mizu is a genuine hall in the wall sushi restaurant and I am so here for it. Great food, great location AND BYOB... heaven. The establishment doesn't seat many people so when I came here with 5 of my girl friends it felt like we had the place all to ourselves. The staff was pleasant and attentive. We shared a variety of their specialty rolls and there was not one I didn't like! The miso soup, edamame and seaweed salad were also fresh and delicious. I left very full.
The only odd thing about Mizu was their bathroom situation. A door leading to the "bathroom" actually leads to a mysterious hallway that is no longer part of the restaurant. There's a bathroom in the hallway but I assume it's shared with another business. This didn't negatively impact my overall experience, but for most people this would seem a bit curious. Other than that, I will be going back and I do recommend!Mizu is a little sushi right off of 20th and Walnut. I ate there once before a few years ago and remember the spicy tuna rolls being excellent....so I hyped this place up to my guest a great deal. 
We arrived and were seated immediately. One thing that irked me was the fact that they had the door WIDE OPEN and it was about 50 degrees and rainy outside. Sorry I'm not a fisherman from Osaka, chilly mist on my back is not  my idea of ambiance. So me and my friend moved to a better seating area and prepared to order. 
The menu is not exactly expansive but what they do have is fairly good. I ordered  salmon roe and a tiger roll. The roe was exquisite, with each bite a little roe ball exploded it's salty juice into my mouth .The tiger roll came drizzled with mayo and was equally good. I also tried some of their seaweed salad which contained sesame seeds and some sort of spicy pepper,fairly good. A quick dinner for two ran us about $30 and we continued on with our night. 
I'd rate Mizu 7 out of 10. Food is good, service is prompt and courteous , and the prices are cheap. I recommend it if you're in the area and want quick good sushiMizu has great sushi at a cheap price.  It is also a BYOB.  The decor inside isn't anything special, but if you are looking for great food, a laid back atmosphere and a cheap night, Mizu is the place for you.  Don't go with a big crowd because there are only a few tables inside.This tiny restaurant features delicious specials and the typical $11/3roll specials similar to the rest of the Rittenhouse Square sushi bars. The service is excellent and they allow byob and no additional charge. Sushi is fresh and very creatively presented. Not all of the dishes are low cal, but all of them are delicious!Not bad in a pinch, but nothing to write home about. The ordering seems to be limited. The dinner menu only has the option to get 1.5 rolls of one variety, and everyone knows mixing and matching is the best part of getting sushi.It's pretty much what you would expect from a neighborhood joint. Low-ish prices and adequate food. When I've a hankering for sushi and can't otherwise go somewhere special, this place isn't bad. Of course, neither is the packaged stuff at Fresh Grocer.  I wouldn't make a special trip, but I wouldn't terribly mind eating here again.This little hole in the wall is great! Staff and food are awesome!! Sashimi was fresh and I watched them make the edamame so I know it hasn't been sitting in a steamer in the back. Thanks!I love mizu. I have been to all of their locations in the city and have no complaints.
Living closest to the Center City location, I tend to go here most often. Service is quick (as is delivery if I am being lazy) and the sushi is fresh and tasty. Spicy salmon roll is my go to. But the Rainbow Roll is amazing as well. 
They serve larger rolls then most places, at a little more the price. I can usually get one roll and soup and be good for lunch. There are cheaper places around, but none as good. I don't mind paying a little extra for fresh sushi. And  since I don't order as much here as other places it evens out.Well for starters the restaurant is clean, neat and, cozy. The workers there are friendly and the service was great. I have been to a bunch of sushi places but Mizu's is the best on my list. The volcano role and tiger are on the top of my list for Mizu's menu. For anyone who wants a affordable good sushi bar Mizu's Sushi Bar is the place to go.This place has a really great lunch special. So much sushi that your internal organs will burst AND a bowl of delicious miso soup to boot! Add in a seaweed salad and you will not eat for five to seven days. Considering I was just passing by, I was super duper elated to find such a good place to eat!This place was a refreshing delight we found in our neighborhood! Service is top notch- very friendly and attentive! Fish was fresh and delicious! We ordered the Sunshine roll and the Downtown roll (cooked- didn't realize when I ordered- but the flavor was perfect), both rolls hit every taste bud the right way! Had the green tea mochi- this was revelation by far the best I've ever had! Definitely will be going back soon!I'm very picky about sushi, but Mizu has never let me down! I usually get takeout and they are very speedy. I have yet to venture far from my usual Philly roll, but looks like they've added some new specialty rolls to their menu, which may provoke me to indulge in change...maybe.  Very affordable prices ($10 min. on cards though)I don't want to give this a low star rating because it kills me - but I have to :( 
Mizu has completely changed - they were my go-to and I rarely went anywhere else - but now I've found myself after 5 years of Mizu-loyalty trying to find a new place. There just wasn't any flavor to my last order - and all I ordered was your basic California roll: the rice was extremely sticky making it impossible to eat the rolls without tearing them apart from each other - I found myself scraping at the scraps they became with my chopsticks - and there was too much rice with too little filling. I couldn't even finish my roll :( 
The only improvement was getting rid of the rude and very odd delivery man.
This breaks my heart to write this - but I'm moving on. Please bring back the old recipes and cooking staff - I miss u Mizu!!Great little sushi spot tucked away just off rittenhouse square. Excellent selection and really good prices. Very casual and comfy, BYOB. Had the volcano roll tuna roll and some unagi sushi. Also the seaweed salad and miso. Seaweed salad was very good.I can't speak for the fish as I don't eat seafood, but they have some unusual vegetable rolls which are AMAZING!  Most places have boring veggie sushi - avocado, carrot, spinach - meh, but Mizu rocks my world with such additions as mango and sweet potato - yum!  My only tiny complaint is that they don't mark the veggie rolls on the menu, so you might have to ask so you don't wind up with something fishy.
I like the atmosphere - kind of a hole in the wall with the tables placed rather close together.  Service is fast!
Don't forget BYOB.
PS - Salad dressing is awesome.
PPS - Sad that Mizu in Old City closed - but is still listed on their site.Mizu is my go to for sushi.  It is a whole in the wall, and I say that as a compliment.  My wife and I stumbled upon this gem years ago, and now try to go to Mizu every few weeks.
The Beauty and the Beast roll is great, and all of the rolls are good.
The staff is also friendly and helpful.This is my go-to sushi restaurant. Service is quick and the rolls are fresh. Definitely get a "bang for your buck" as it's pretty inexpensive and you can sometimes get 12 rolls!The sushi didn't make me go "WOW!"  like my absolute favorite places Osaka and Asian Taste Inn; however, 1 extra star for Mizu because the fish was good and for what I paid, I think I got my money's worth.  Vegetable rolls (with 1 kind of vegetable in them) are $4.75 for 18 pieces and the standard fish rolls are about $6.95 or so for 18 pieces.  Can't beat that.Delicious rolls that came in 12 pieces for only 6.75 i beleive!
Our waitor was very pleasant and friendly! 
food= mouth watering
price= excellent
service= A+
what more can u ask for?I read the other reviewers' two reviews of this Mizu location and I can't say that I agree. There are a million places in the city to go for sushi, but Mizu is the one place that I can AFFORD on a consistent basis. I don't have to deny myself yummy eel rolls, spicy California rolls, or sashimi simply because Mizu exists. Yes, there are a billion other sushi places in Philly that are worlds better than Mizu, but I am giving Mizu four stars because the sushi I have gotten from there has always been good, the service has been very fast & friendly, and the price is right. If you want fancy-pants sushi, go to Pod and drop $50 on a meal of it. If you want simplicity and affordability, go to Mizu.