best place in south philly for mexican food, the waitress was so attentive, and make us feel like we where at home. tacos al pastor will be my menu suggestion. looking forward to coming back!I really enjoyed my dinner. My largest complaints are shallow ones. The chips weren't served fresh, and it's a Mexican place that does not have cerveza. I had the shrimp fajitas which were absolutely delicious. There were more shrimp than usual and my plate came out sizzling and stayed that way for 10 minutes. Unlike other places they also served plenty of tortillas, about 6. The service was great and consistent. I was definitely not kept waiting long at any point in my meal. Also got a small complimentary dessert at the end of my meal. I'm not sure why or if everyone gets it? But maybe because they saw me writing this review.Every now and then, in this complicated world, you find something that is simply perfect. Mole Poblano is one such thing: the perfect place (in the heart of the new, diverse Italian Market), with a perfect menu (BYOB, great selection, very reasonable prices, the perfect atmosphere (casual yet intimate; fun yet relaxingly quiet) and, of course, perfect food!
Especial treats: the mole, the verdes sausa, the friendly staff, the welcoming mood. Go alone; go with friends; take your family; take your time. But go, by all means go!Everything they serve is delicious. The Salmon, the barbacoa, their tacos, great service too. definitely a must try top mexican food spot. one of the very best!!!!This place gives true five star service. I always feels like they truly appreciate their customers when I go there. Service is so friendly and fast.
The food is also really good. The menu is really large and has a lot of variety. I always get the mole enchiladas. It's not my favorite mole sauce I've ever had, but the best mole sauce I ever had was actually in Mexico, so I guess that's to be expected. 
At the beginning of the meal you get chips with refried beans and crema. The chips are so good. 
At the end you get a free little fruit cup with crema. It was surprisingly good actually. 
Definitely check this place out for authentic Mexican food and great service.This is one the best Mexican restaurants in the city.  Authentic Mexican food and friendly staff. I have been here numerous times and never had a bad experience. Highly recommended.Mole poblano is my favorite mexican restaurant in South Philly! Mole Poblano is a small restaurant which has a very large menu. The staff are very friendly and nice. The staff speak both english and spanish. I have never had anything from Mole Poblano that I have not enjoyed. The best part about Mole Poblano is you get a free small apple salad dessert with your meal! The apple salad is delicious and goes great with some hibiscus water. Will be back soon!The perks of living in South Philly is that you have the easiest access to local, delicious yet affordable food. Walked by this Mexican restaurant couple of times and was always amazed by its popularity. Finally I got the chance to dine there this past weekend. I have to say the service and food are excellent! I ordered the tilapia with garlic sauce and my husband ordered chilaquiles verdes o rojos. I love my fish dish better because the fried fish was crispy outside and soft inside... The sauce was perfect! This restaurant also offered us free nachoes with beans as appetizer which is very generous. I enjoyed my meal here so much and will defi come back again to try their breakfast menu.Dinner on a Fri nite... Hard to be sure what you might get with Mexican food on that strip on ninth street. 
This is a small place , very clean.
Attentive service
Had guacamole/nachos ...then mole enchiladas with chicken. Large portion , nicely presented. Guacamole was fresh.. Food was hot , a bit spicy, and mole was excellent..Haven't tried other dishes yet but I'd imagine this place is a solid bet .... Clean, good food, good portions, decent prices.Yes. Yes. Yes.
After two tamales (a red sauce and a mole) and the chicken tostada, I can sincerely say that this is the best Mexican food I have ever had. For the sake of science, and science alone, I will of course return on a weekly basis to substantiate this claim. 
You're welcome, science!
Plus, these motherfuckers deliver.If you can bring beer/wine/other alcohol, I'm there! This Mexican BYOB has a small interior, so this isn't exactly a place for large groups. I was in a party of 6 and we sat outside. We noticed that there was a "Best of Philly" sign for their tacos, so we all decided to try them. I got to sample the pork, chorizo and the chicken. The chorizo blew the other two out of the water. Most flavorful and the heartiest of the three. Second best was the chicken, which is probably good for someone who is a non-adventurous eater. In third place, sadly, was the pork. It had great flavor, unfortunately, there were a lot of fat pieces that you can't exactly eat, so that was a turn off. You can't go wrong with an order of flan. So good!
The chips and salsa are quite good. The red salsa has a smoky taste, and is much spicier than the green tomatillo salsa. This place is also known for their tamales, which are supposed to be delicious!Its BYOB which is great. We had the fried chicken tacos and they tasted like you were eating cardboard.  We told the owner/manager and he took them away but still charged us. Not good customer service there. We also had the chicken enchiladas. They were ok. The Green sauce was very good but the tortillas were too thick and soggy. It's not worth going to a whole in the wall of the food isn't good.We went here for a going away dinner due to the LaBan review.  I had to get the mole, and went with the enchilada version.  It was very good, although a tiny bit spicier than I would have preferred.  It was a huge portion and I took most of it home.  The leftovers were of course delicious.  We also shared some guacamole and some nachos.  There was a lot of jalapeno going on in everything.  I like spicy food, but it was a little much.  Overall though, everything was really good, and very cheap.We had tacos and they were very bad and dry. Carnitas had a lot of fatty meat, the lengua had bad texture and was dry. Al Pastor taco was ok. The service wasn't good either and they don't accept credit cards. 
I wanted to take a chance on a new, mysterious Mexican restaurant but it turned out to be a bad experience.This little gem has amazing food, a warm atmosphere, and super attentive staff. It is clear everyone at Mole Poblano takes pride in what they do.I ordered carnitas tacos and received tortillas with more than one cup of chunks of inedible fat. Only enough actual pork to fill one taco.  Choriqueso was not great, but not worth the price.I come to Mole Poblano all the time with my mom... the food is authentic and service is amazing every time. The servers are clearly very hard workers, and they have always been very kind to us especially since we come so often. I usually get the mole enchiladas, but i've also gotten the green ones, the mole poblano, and fish tacos. They also give you a little plate of nachos with beans and pico de gallo, and a yogurt dessert with fruit for free before and after your meal :)This is my favorite little spot! I'm a creature of habit so I always get the choriqueso as an appetizer and tacos al pastor as my entree and it never disappoints -- it's always consistently well prepared! The owner is very friendly and provides excellent service and everything is very reasonably priced. Will return again and again!We read great things about this Mexican spot on yelp, which rarely steers us wrong. Now we order from there every couple weeks. Mexican sometimes doesn't travel well, depending what you get. But if Mole poblano's food travels this well, we really need to get into the restaurant to enjoy their fare.
We've probably tried six or seven different things and almost all of them are absolutely outstanding. The al Pastor tacos might be my favorite in the city. My husband loves the name sake Mole poblano enchiladas. The tostadas are also excellent. Guac is slightly spicy and the homemade chips are perfectly crunchy and not too greasy. And their sauces are worth keeping after the meal is over.
Prices are low and quality and portion sizes are both high. Plus delivery is quick and service is super nice.we had a party of 6 and got seated right away on a Sunday afternoon.  The service was really nice and food portions were big!  I got the enchiladas verde and would definitely recommend.Excellent food and service, during the week they have what we call comida rápida which is a set menu for a cheaper price. Prices are affordable and is good for kids. 100% recommendedGreat food. Great service. Great atmosphere. I love this place. I think it is very authentic and makes me feel like I have stepped into another city. It is a hidden gem.Small interior, but packed on a Saturday night. They are BYOB so we brought some beers along. We asked for tamales to start. They were running low on choices as the manager reported they make them fresh in the morning, so we mostly got green tamales with chicken. At $2.50 each they were huge and pretty tasty. You could probably share one of these as an appetizer. The one red tamale we had had a real kick to it.
I shared tacos al pastor and enchiladas with verde sauce. The al pastor tacos were on point. The enchiladas come with a heaping topping of fresh avocado, tomatoes, lettuce, onions, and light, shredded white cheese, as well as rice and refried beans. The verde sauce was really delicious. It's a big platter and a very filling meal.
I also got to sample the mole sauce. Usually I'm not a big fan of mole, but this sauce was really nicely balanced with some earthy flavors and chocolate, and also a good spicy backbone.
The standout here is the service. Our one waiter was training, so it's not that the service is perfect, but it's some of the most attentive and friendly service I've ever received. The manager/owner was consistently asking if we needed anything, told us about his grandmother's recipe for the mole, gave us a free sample of mole and asada tacos, and also gave us free small dessert dishes of apples in tangy cream. It was delicious! He even walked us to the door and shook hands on the way out. He seemed genuinely interested in our party having a good experience. Even if the food wasn't fresh and delicious that would be enough to compel my return.Place has a very warm staff, and the food was all delicious. I would have expected a much higher price point for the quality they delivered. We brought some Heineken from a store nearby.I dont normally leave reviews, but this was so outstanding I feel it would be an injustice not to.
Had the mole enchiladas. The flavor of the mole are so rich and deep its incomparable to other mole I have had. The chipotle pepper sauce was amazing too. Had a phenomonal rice drink to take care of the heat. 
Bravo mole poblano, i will be backCame in to have breakfast and it was fantastic.  We had the Huevos con Mole.  The staff is friendly and the service was good.  The coffee was Mexican style with a hint of cinnamon.  They brought out complimentary chips with green and red sauce.  The green sauce was a little bland but the red sauce which was chipotle sauce was nice and roasty and spicy.  They even gave us complimentary dessert.  
Noise level was good.
Would definitely come back to try dinner.Wow, this place does not disappoint. it all starts with a cute little plate of nachos which were delicious. Then I got enchiladas de mole - i took home half because it was such a huge portion but they were delicious! My friend got a really well made veggie burrito. The veggies were cooked nicely but not so soggy that the entire burrito was a drippy mess like at some places. It came with a fresh side salad with avocado. As if we weren't full enough they capped off our meal with complimentary peaches. So yummy! Definitely can't wait to eat here again - at $25 total for the two of us before tip you can't beat it!I eat at this restaurant almost every week, sometimes several times a week.  The service is warm and attentive while the food is consistently good.  I also enjoy the agua Fresca, particularly on a hot day.Cheap and very good mexican food. I love love love this place. it is small but it makes the food that much better. We had the Lengua tacos (no taste buds) and it was sooooooooo good. Also the Mole enchiladas were super good. Their Salsa Verde was very mild and every meal comes with chips and salsa. We even bought some of the salsa to take home. A smaller container was $3. If you want more they suggest calling ahead. Also IT IS BYOB!!!
Yum and cant wait to go back!Always love going our for Mexican food.  Mole Poblano hit the spot.  I have frequented many of the Mexican Restaurants in and around S. Phila, and I usually have a good meal.  Mole Poblano hits the mark with a few nicer touches.  I enjoyed the chips with refried beans, and a complimentary dessert.   Please  give them a try.It's too hot to cook. It's too hot to go outside. I just can't . Let's order hot food in! We rarely get delivery and when we do we splurge using Caviar. This was my first time ordering delivery from Eat24 via Yelp. (I've used it once before for takeout in NY and had a great experience). I actually thought to myself "they know this order is coming from Yelp so I bet they're going to do a pretty good job". They most certainly did.
There's a $15 minimum so we ordered:
Chips & Guac 
Quesadillas Fritas de Papa o Pollo which were fried tacos (3) with your choice of chicken or potato. We opted to go veg of course. 
 Tacos Dorados de Camaron. (4) Shrimp fried tacos which looked more like a flauta to me. 
Everything was thoroughly enjoyed by all. The potato tacos were insane! The shell remained perfectly crisp and the potato, warm and soft. The shrimp which look fried weren't so inside, but crisped on the edges. He said they were very tasty. The guac wasn't my favorite. I prefer mine with a bit more kick and on the chunky side. They kiddos loved it however. They do put a TON of dairy on top which I forget to ask for on the side so if that's a concern, remember to do so. Scrapping it off wasn't the easiest. 
I was a tad worried about how these would travel. Mexican isn't the easiest to transport. Would they be soggy or be a mess when they arrived? Absolutely not. They were perfection....Taste and presentation, surprisingly. Way to go! I very much look forward to ordering through Eat 24 and from Mole Poblano again real soon! 
Very happy with our entire experience. 
Another bookmark checked. We highly recommend!The camarones al ajillo (shrimp with garlic and guajillo chiles) are excellent. Tamales de rajas and tamales de mole (available on Saturday and Sunday. Get there early. They sell out quickly.) are the best tamales I've had in Philadelphia. Love the enchiladas as well. Service can be slow depending on who is working that day, but all of the staff are extremely nice. Extremely. If not for the slow service and the annoying guy who plays guitar and yells (He's not there all of the time. He terrorizes diners in all of the 9th St. restaurants.), I'd give it 5 stars.Food is delicious, people are sweet and the atmosphere is lovely. Everything about this place feels authentic and not Americanized, which I love.Food was good but a bit pricey for what I got. I had it better at other places around there.  The service was very slow.  Our hostess took order from a table that came after us first. Then during the meal she took our chips and salsa to refill BUT she never came back with it.   I was waiting to get attention so I could have my chips.  I gave up on that.  Well I guess it's good she didn't bring it back. I'm trying to watch my weight anyway. May be she knows.   We got a complimentary a little bowl of fruit salad. That was nice.  As I said before there are cheaper and good food around there. I haven't decided it I want to come back here again or not.Called 10 minutes before closing time for a delivery. Twenty-five minutes later I dumped everything on a plate could have sworn I was eating a home cooked meal.The BEST Mexican food in Philly. Their chorizo con queso and tacos al pastor = amazing! Oh and the mole sauce? Yes please! This place blew my mind and the service is great. They speak English and Spanish and have such attention to detail. The beans are even homemade - not from the can. Pedro and Javier kill it with their mom and dad in the kitchen helping make this amazing food. I love this place! BYOT and let Javier make you some amazing margaritas!!!I am mexican so I can say that the food tastes like real mexican food. Place is small so arrive with enough time. Service is good, and definetly we will go back.
Realmente sabe a Mexico.AMAZING!! Nice little clean place with very accommodating people! Food was delicious with great portions. Will definitely come back often!The food is here was quite good.  We were in Italian market and decided to check out the hispanic section from the market.  We were hungry so we decided to give this place a try.  I had the chicken torta which was very tasty.  My wife had the chicken mole which had the right amount of chocolate.  It was savory chocolate done right.  In laws had tacos and fajitas which were all very good. 
The chips and spicy salsa were fresh and good as well.  They did not have a real super hot salsa like some places do.  The hottest salsa is about medium hot.Um, so much yes about this place!
I was seriously craving some non-Chipotle type Mexican food on a casual Saturday, and since one of my friends said this was his favorite, a bunch of us decided to try it out. 
Hard to describe the ambiance of this place; it's a peculiar but appealing blend of hole-in-the-wall and fancy. On the one hand, it's pretty small and a bit shabby with tiled walls that resemble the interior of a diner. On the other hand, as my one friend kept insisting, it has wine glasses and candles on the tables so it can kinda qualify as a date spot. Also, the service is excellent, with friendly waiters dressed in all black to add a little more class. 
On top of that, the food is delish, particularly the tacos that my friend got and kindly shared with me. My own "enchiladas de mole" was good, but I'd probably default to their tacos in the future. A memorable dish of the night was one that my other friend ordered, some special dish that was legit ginormous (but also twice the cost of anyone else's dish). I can't even remember what it was called, so I'll just leave it as the mystery menu item, and maybe you can figure it out from the blurred picture I managed to screenshot from the tail-end of my snapvideo! He said it was really good, although he also commented it might be the most expensive dish he's ever ordered at a Mexican place. That's def the anomaly though; everything else there was very reasonably priced and worthwhile imo.Great for meat eaters, but literally no vegetarian options. They cooked us up some steamed veggies and corn tortillas, which were good, but definitely not worth going out to eat for. Even the sauces and beans all had meat in them with no non-meat alternatives.  :(Mole Poblano is our favorite Mexican restaurant. Everything we've had (in-house and via delivery) has been great for breakfast and dinner. The staff are also incredibly sweet. Great place!Tamales Saturday and Sunday morning are the real deal - pick up a dozen - they'll stay hot until 1:00 kickoff.Wow, I followed all the other yelp reviews looking for some delicious authentic Mexican food in Philly and they did guide me wrong! Mole Poblano is awesome! My wife got a delicious trio of tacos with different proteins and I got a skirt steak special that was topped with a jalapeno salad and served with warm tortillas, beans, and chips. So delicious! And the complimentary chips to start and rice pudding to finish were perfect. I would absolutely come back here.In the heart of the Italian Market, this authentic Mexican eatery shines brightly.  It serves up some of the best Mexican food I've tasted north of the Rio Grande.  The only possible drawback is not actually a drawback - it's too popular with both Mexican and non-Mexican Philadelphians.  But the service stays always super friendly no matter how many people are trying to crowd into its small space.
The tortas here are in my opinion the best in Philadelphia.  The accompanying sauces are awesome and all are homemade from the Chipotle to the Salsa Verde to the eponymous Mole Poblano.  And on weekends they cook up a totally awesome Tamale as well as their tasty Barbacoa.  If you love south of the border food, hop on the bandwagon trumpeting this Mexican restaurant!I am happy to say this little restaurant is my favorite Mexican restaurant in Italian market. We asked locals where they recommend and it was Mole Poblano by consensus. It was without a doubt everything we expected and more. Vegetarians rejoice as they will make you dishes which are delightful and completely off menu. Ask for our order (cactus tacos)! In addition the waitstaff was very courteous and offered us plenty of palate cleansers between courses. The overall experience was nothing short of amazing.Simply a wonderful Mexican restaurant. We are so blessed to have this great place in South Philly. Friendly service, BYOB (grab some Modelo down the street at 9th and Washington, or bring some wine if you're classy). Delightful music plays, very clean, tidy and well-decorated. My parents AND my best friend were blown away by the atmosphere; it's an oasis from the grit and grime and bustle of the Market. I've seen and tasted several well-prepared and supremely fresh-looking dishes here, but I still haven't been able to resist ordering dishes with their absolutely incredible mole sauce, which I could down a vat of if I weren't watching my weight. Before your dish comes out, you get an awesome free chips and salsa, but adorned with black beans and such (it may be something different every time, I'm not sure). Last time I was there we got free chilled peaches after our meal, which was the ultimate palate cleanser. And it's so inexpensive! We ordered two entrees and a Coke, and got all that free stuff. The bill: $31. I do not understand why all the dopes go to the Cantina and Pistolas when a place like Mole Poblano exists. But hey, more home-cooked Puebladelphia deliciousness for me and my loved ones. Do not hesitate to go here. You will not regret it!I don't understand all the excitement. The service was somewhat slow, despite only 3 tables being occupied. My friend and I ordered the enchiladas and both were cold and neither came with rice or beans as a side. The green sauce would have tasted much better if it was warm. This place is similar to every other Mexican place in that area, but there are probably a few better options within walking distance.Between this and Blue Corn up the street, I see no good reason to eat Mexican anywhere in this city beyond 9th St.
Had the enchiladas mole.  Holy crap, dude.  A bigger portion than what I've had at Blue Corn but at a similar price.  I will chalk that up as a little extra love for being so close to the live bird shop.  Also, the red salsa they provide at the beginning of the meal is the best salsa I've ever had.  I usually like to try more than a couple things before reviewing somewhere but these were so good I couldn't resist.
Only thing this place lacks is a liquor license (I think), but for my money this is the best Mexican I've had in this city and can't wait to go back and try more.I went here because of the ratings and reviews but it isn't all that it seems. The meals and flavors are basic. There was nothing special about them. I think they are overpriced. I'd only eat here again if the meals were half the price they are now and came with better sides.Sticking with our pescatarian challenge. Opted for the garlic fish and shrimp fajitas. Pretty good, and would encourage you all to try the fish. I would definitely also have gotten the beef and cheese tacos.My first taste of taco-hope in Philadelphia. Super excited about all the authentic style eats along Washington Ave and Passyunk. Got the mole enchiladas and lengua tacos, both were delicious with sizable portions. My only gripes were the flickering lights and out-of-place fancy dining ware in an otherwise hole-in-the-wall type of spot. Definitely coming back!Food was excellent. Service was excellent, wait staff did a great job and was very attentive. 
All of our food was perfect.  Some of the best Mexican I've had in Philly.I discovered mole poblano from online reviews. I'm glad I visited this gem located near the Italian market. The chips were good. I had the guacamole, which was good...a little too many jalapeños for me though. The marinated pork tacos and shrimp quesadillas were delicious. My fiancé wanted the tamales but they ran out (the waitress said that they usually run out around 12pm). They gave us a complimentary dessert that had jello and fruit in it, I didn't love this.  The staff was friendly and the food came out quickly. I can't wait to go back and try other dishes.Great! I can't wait to try this place again. Hole in the wall, tiny space, but feels like a hidden gem. 
BYOB. They accept credit cards which is convenient. 
I got the $8 tacos al pastor (3 tacos to an order). Really flavorful and filling. 
The owner gave us a free appetizer just because which was so nice.Damm this is good...even great....still thinking about this a week later! The BEST mole I've had outside if Mexico...dark complex and downright delicous. The freshest green salsa and excellent chilaquiles. Can't wait yo come back for the famous tamales and lamb barbecueExcellent authentic Mexican restaurant! They have great food (not just tacos and burritos). The place is small, but the service is great. Servers speak English and Spanish. It's BYOB!!
I recommend the enchiladas de mole and the tacos dorados. They also sell Mexican coke and Jarritos sodas.Lunch here was a great way to start the Cinco de Mayo celebration!  The place was completely full when we arrived but after only a few minutes, the smiling waitress had cleaned a table for us and what followed was one of the best Mexican lunches I had in a long time.
We started with the chile relleno and carnitas tacos - the sizable poblano pepper, stuffed with fresh cheese, was resplendent in its bright, clean tasting tomato sauce - a winner.  Equally good were the carnitas tacos, entailing three different types of pork, excellent in combination of textures and with the green sauces that sparkled with freshness and piquancy.   I saw a reviewer complaining about "fatty" carnitas in his review - Hello!  This ranks with complaining about toro being fatty.
The chicken mole was also very good, with good beans and rice and a complex, earthy mole that harmonized spices and sweetness.
I also loved the lentil soup that was served with the specials, as were the outstanding agua frescas (pineapple and melon) included in the order!  We even received a simple but fine dessert, fruit in sweet cream, all inclusive in the price of the special - and that price was low!  This was one of the most amazing quality-price ratios I have ever encountered (I took some food home).
Service was solicitous and efficient, the atmosphere convivial yet calm.  I saw my food hero, Rick Nickols, happily dig into his mole chicken and knew I was in the right place on this Cinco de Mayo.Favorite Mexican food in philadelphia! Been here many times, never have been disappointed. The mole poblano sauce is amazing and you can even pick how spicy you would like it to be! I've also had tamales, fajitas, nachos, pico de gallo with chips and guacamole. Amazing place. Definitely a hidden gem. Anytime somebody asks me about mexican food in philadelphia I will always recommend this place!Excellent food. Tried the chorizo tacos and the al pastor, and it was absolutely amazing. One of the best tacos in Philadelphia. The service was outstanding, we received a little nacho appetizer before we got the meal and we received a dessert on the house after our meal. Amazing restaurant and I will recommend this place to anyone!I've walked by Mole a few times on my way to Taqueria Veracuzana(my fav)and decided it was time to check it out! It's a very small place but it's definitely not your usual hole in the way. It's better!! The restaurant is very neat and clean. They also have a good heating system. Taquerias normally have a crappy heating system or none at all and I have to enjoy my food with my coat on in cold winter months. I waited about 2 minutes for a table. I waitresses seemed very professional! The menu  was very extensive and everything seemed to be priced well. I decided to try the enchiladas because other yelpers raved about them. Good yelpers don't lie!! My enchiladas verdes  were slamming!!!! They were very tasty and they packed a little kick too!! My boyfriend tried the mole poblano enchiladas and they were KILLER!!! OMG, they were so good it instantly reminded me of Mexico. Yes, I have been to Mexico twice! The mole sauce was incredible, it was the perfect!! Its the best I have had and I did not expect it to be that good. Another good thing to mention is that this restaurant is byob and they ACCEPT credit cards. Bring your booze and an appetite you will be pleased!!The food was excellent. I had the enchiladas verde and my boyfriend had the steak w/ cactus. Both were incredibly flavorful meals. The service was not the best but not terrible either. Used to be a fan of Taqueria La Veracruzana, but the food here was significantly better.This place is the bomb. Whenever my family recommends it for dinner that night, my mouth always waters and always wants to come here. This place never gets old, but I do recommend to switch it up every time you come here. Service is always great, always there just when you think "Where is the waiter?" Tonight, I got the tostadas (under the special Sat/Sun menu. My dad got the torta de bistec, which looked absolutely awesome. My mom got the signature dish, the mole Poblano (epic)! 
They also serve on-the-house chips and desert, a yogurt mixed with fruit. Both are delish. I recommend this place to anybody with even a small taste for Mexican! I can't wait to come back soon!Fantastic fresh authentic Hispanic food. Delicious and huge chicken soup, great huevos rancheros. Helpful service. Mostly Spanish speaking customers not a surprise. Must try in the Italian market.This place is legit. Wandered into the neighborhood to try barbacoa tacos at South Philly Barbacoa. Didn't realize they were closed for dinner. After a nice walk, settled on Mole Poblano. Definitely worth a visit. The wait staff was incredibly friendly and helpful. They bring chips and salsa to start. I had the mole enchiladas, which were delicious and a huge portion for the price. Good food, good price, good service. Highly recommended.I haven't had very authentic tacos since my time in LA, and Mole Poblano's tacos definitely hit the spot. I highly recommend getting their mixed combo ($9) of three loaded tacos so that you can try their various meats, including beef tongue/lengua. I also want to vouch for their delicious homemade sopes, which is a large corn flour patty griddled to perfection and topped with everything you could want -- black beans, choice of meat (chorizo at this point), crema fresca, tomatoes, and lettuce PLUS queso fresco. Another honorable mention goes to their gigantic tortas. You'll probably have to split an order with a friend or take the other half to go.
Also, Mole Poblano is BYO. Ask for a bottle or two of squirt - a soda - to mix with your tequila and you're good for the rest of your meal. In addition, I'd recommend making a reservation, as the restaurant is quite small.
Tl;dr - authentic Mexican BYO in South Philly with sopes and tacos as the highlights.My other half and I love Mexican food. As a result of this love, we have had our share of bad Mexican.
But this place made our day the first time we 
reluctantly ventured to try "yet another bad Mexican joint". Now, we come here religiously when we need our fix. So happy we are a short walk from here!
Real mole folks, made with bananas, chocolate as the base. Don't be scared, it's savory not sweet. It's perfect actually.
This is traditional. The best Mexican in Philly. Prices are great. Service is friendly. It's small and nothing fancy, but you don't have to be with food like this.We dropped in for lunch after hitting a couple open house real estate spots in the area. It was packed, with a couple families waiting outside so we grabbed a two top on the sidwalk and had a great meal. Beth had the Goat barbacoa and I a sirloin steak smothered in mushrom and chipotle sauce. Both were excellent and way too much food for lunch. Excellent service, wonderful food. This will be in the top of our list of where to eat while we're scouting out where to live in the area.I literally come here every week for their mole enchiladas. Their mole is soooooooo good! It has spice, depth, savoriness, and a hint of bitterness. And the chicken is always tender. The portion size is large for the price. And their delivery comes hot. Great place to dine in and take out. Their other stuff is good too, from the bites I've taken of my friends' orders.We quite like Mole Poblano for breakfast/brunch on the weekends. And right now, it's very lovingly decked out for Halloween/Dia de muertos. 
You can't go wrong with any of the tamales, our personal favorite is the mole just because the mole here is out of this world. Our only gripe with the tamales is that there should be a bit less masa in them, as it kind of throws off the masa: meat ratio. That being said, the masa is so, so soft and flavorful. 
Huevos con chorizo and huevos rancheros are both winners. For the "con chorizo," I really liked the char on the chorizo- just enough to bring out the flavor and give it a bit of a crunch. 
Horchata is also definitely worth getting here, refreshing and sweet.Excellent! We're from Texas and know the difference between Mexican and TexMex. This place is the real deal! The queso fundido with mushrooms is out of this world. Both green and red salsa are tasty (red is delightfully smoky)--the service is very friendly if slow but you don't notice as you'll be digging into your very large/deep plates.
Notice: 'Jam' on the menu is not jam but ham (jamon)It's a small but quaint restaurant near the Italian Market. We live close by and have eaten here a few times. Each time, we are very happy with our meals. I've had the mole poblano, their namesake, which is very good. I'd recommend it if you like mole sauce. Tonight, unbeknownst to us, we got a free appetizer of chips and beans, which was tasty and the perfect size for 2. The wife got the veggie enchiladas and I got the alambre, which were both very good. Of course you have to get a Mexican Coke but they are only $2 here. I think it's at least $3 anywhere else. Then there was a complimentary dessert of apples and peaches in a sweet cream.  It was a nice palate cleanser and refreshing to end the meal with. Definitely our favorite Mexican spot near the Italian Market! The staff is very friendly and attentive.Delicious food. The nachos are extraordinary. Do keep in mind that when the say spicy, they mean it! One of my friends got the mild version of the Mole Poblano chicken, which I (being someone familiar spicy food), would probably rate as a medium. I went with a group - I think about 8 people is probably the largest that can be comfortably accommodated in this space. They do not serve alcohol, however you can BYO if you choose.I love this place, the food is always fresh and delicious. The staff is always super friendly. I would recommend you buy tortillas from the tortilleria close by and take them to eat here. Not sure why they use store bought tortillas having such a great tortilleria in the same market.Food, Service, and Prices are amazing!!! Every-time my wife and I go here we are delighted. Super reasonably priced and BYOB!!!!My wife and I just ate here tonight and it's one of the best authentic Mexican Restaurants we've eaten at. They even made us an appetizer that was not on the menu and gave us a complimentary dessert to try. The service and food were exceptional! !Got to try their food when they came to my place of work in Blue Bell, Pa through FOODA app. Amazing al pastor tacos and fresh guacamole! Reasonable lunch prices as well.Delicious. My family and I got three dinner dishes, one of which was the barbacoa- goat slow roasted to perfection.  The other dishes we got were the pork chop platter and mexican steak platter.  For 10 dollars each- you can not beat this price and this taste combination.  Much like Veracruzana nearby, but I better prices and bigger sized portions.  Very comfy inside. I will be going back a lot.Yep , jack , you don't know about tamales. We go nearly every weekend . Best tamales in the city. But order early. They sell out quick.Absolutely fantastic fantastic food. Everything about this place just WORKS! I've never been to Mexico before and I've seldom had authentic Mexican cuisine, but I imagine this is what the experience is like.
Came with a group of 4 others last night (Friday night) and it was surprisingly not too full. The interior is very cute. Not to mention, the entire neighborhood makes you feel like you're in a Latin American country! There are little panederias and things everywhere! Seated promptly and service wasn't too bad (in fact slightly slow service is the only reason I give it a 4stars, for a half full restaurant it could've been slightly faster/more attentive).
The best part: the food. They start you off with fresh chips with 2 types of dip. I wish I asked the server what they were because I had never had anything like that. The brown one was very spicy with an amazing kick and the green one was so flavorful! Plus we got extra spicy guac to start which was delicious.
For entrees we got the Mole Poblano, carnitas, potato tacos, and breaded chicken. The Mole Poblano was probably the best thing I've ever eaten in a Mexican restaurant. The chicken was so moist it practically fell off the bone. The sauce and beans and rice had this aroma to them, and the flavors were something else. I tried a bit of everyone else's stuff and it was all so good! They ended us off with some complimentary custard and fruit which wasn't too bad (hey it was free). Decent prices too it ran us about $67 pretip for 5 people.
All in all, this place is a gem. Parking sucks (we got lucky), and service was kind of slow. Food was ridiculous, and the whole area has a certain authentic feel to it. Come here it's worth it.