Popped into Reading Terminal and decided to graze.  
This is just a review for quick service and not the full monty. 
Molly's was one of the stops as I was in the mood for some crispy fried potato-ey goodness.  It was a tossup between their house made chips or French fries - I chose the latter. 
Small counter off to the side for togo orders makes it quick and easy to get your eats on.  When offered, I opted for the small size. 
Fries arrived after a few short minutes, fresh from the fryer. The menu said "garlic aioli" but there was no side of such and if the taters were tossed in it, I couldn't taste it.  While they did have a good flavor, I thought they could have been been done a tad longer. 
Portion size was great. Staff was very friendly.  Good value however at sub-$4. 
While I was eating, I looked at a few of the plates around the restaurant and noticed some good-looking plates (cheesesteak and some burgers/sandwiches).  Lots of beer available and they sell growlers. Would definitely come back as it looked to be a pretty good spot.Wanted to love this place. But i don't. Got the Beans and greens soup and tasted very bland and like canned veggies. The best thing here is the beer and wine options. Like much everything else at Reading this place is an overpriced novelty.I ran the Philly Love Half marathon so in my way back to NYC I stopped by Reading Terminal Market to have a quick bite as I was starving. I liked that Molly Malloy's because the Breakfast menu was simple and quick to order. I had Farmers platter -two organic eggs Sunnyside up with potato hash and bacon with side of multigrain toast +coffee. It cost me $12 and it was good. Simple easy and tasty if you need quick breakfast on the go.So I got the banana steel cut oatmeal and it's very hard to rave about oatmeal but WOW! It's fresh banana and cinnamon with flax and chia seeds. I got a cup of coffee from them and I can easily say this cup trumps Reading Terminals famous old city coffee. I feel like I'm indulging hard right now but it's actually a healthy breakfast!Family was in Philadelphia for the Army-Navy Game. On Sunday we stayed in the downtown area just around the corner from the Reading Market. (One of my favorite places to visit in the city.)
We stopped in for a couple of beers and ended staying for many beers.
Our waitress Natasha was excellent. This seems to be a very popular place the Eagles were on TV and lots of folks stopped for a beers and to watch the game.
They have a very good selection of beers and wines. Although we did not dine with them the food looked excellent.
This place I located in the Reading Market - has a nice eating area. We stopped back for breakfast the next morning but missed breakfast (believe they stop serving breakfast around 11 am??) 
Be sure to visit these folks when at the Market!If you're in Philly, you have to check out Reading Terminal Market. The market itself can be overwhelming with options. This spot is a nice choice if you want to guarantee a seat in a comfortable setting - especially if you're looking to grab a drink at the bar.Lunch in Philadelphia during the business week is a common occurrence for some but a real luxury to us suburban workers.  I've taken off from work before just to attend lunch events in Philly so I'm rather sure of my conviction.  I was fortunate enough to work from home one day, get my yearly physical and finally get to try Molly Malloy's.
I met up with fellow Yelper Rebecca S. to try the highly publicized grilled cheese.  Being that I was on no real schedule, I had time to linger and enjoy all that this establishment really had to offer.
The space is open and approachable.  I never did get to go in the beer garden but I remember it looking a bit dank and dark.  Not the case with Molly's.  Sure there isn't a ton of natural light at that spot of the market but they've done a nice job on decor.  We chose a high-top in the back.
We ordered the braised ox-tail and the grilled cheese.  The ox-tail was soft and shredded, perfectly cooked and basically was eaten as an open face sandwich.  The grilled cheese was serious.  Goat cheese, spinach, caramelized onions and some kind of funky jam.  You can be sure that I'm going to attempt to replicate it at home.
The fries were a little hit or miss.  Some were great and crispy and others were a touch under-cooked.  Maybe it's because they're hand-cut so they have different cooking times.  Regardless, still pretty good.
I don't have the chance to get here during the week but it wasn't just novelty that made me enjoy this meal.  The food, service and prices were excellent.  Now I just need a center city job....Had the Philly cheese , it had good flavor and was a good size for lunch. My only complaint is that they gave way too many fries. Service was good.This was my second time eating here was very disappointed! !!! Eggs oily and home fries pretty awful.  they also gave me wrong  toast I wanted whole wheat. I didn't want to say anything to the waitress I think she was too busy making herself look good, I will never eat here again.  I'd rather eat at dutch landing. wasn't worth the second trip.Great in both quantity and quality! Molly Malloy's is situated in the corner of Reading Terminal Market; there's a sit-down portion as well as a take-out portion. The line can get rather long, but they move at a decent pace. There was more than enough food for me to take home leftovers.Stopped in Philly on our way home from a trip to the Eastern Shore of Maryland.  Found Molly Malloy's by accident and what a great accident.  As a Vegetarian I don't always have luck finding good choices - especially in a Pub atmosphere.  At first I thought we would just sit at the bar and have a beer or two but when I saw the menu I was thrilled.  Pumpkin soup and a salad with mixed greens, apples, walnuts, pumpkin seeds, goat cheese and mustard vinaigrette.  Perfect!  My husband had potato and leek soup with a non-traditional grilled cheese sandwich (goat cheese, spinach and onion jam). He was in heaven. Lots of other choices for meat eaters too. Bartender was great - friendly and enthusiastic about the menu.  I highly recommend it.Located in Reading Terminal, I naturally thought I'd be able to grab food and sit wherever. However, they're one of the few and only places in Reading that requires you to eat within their bounds. It makes for an odd experience at the Terminal.
However, I ordered their Butternut Squash soup and it was delicious. They even plopped in some candied pecans and swirled in what I believe was brown sugar. 
If you want the true Reading Terminal experience, don't go to Molly Malloy's; however, the food I've had thus far was great and what I saw my friends eat looked delicious as well.DISCLAIMER: We only used their very easy walk up beer service.  What a wonderful selection and a great way to finish off lunch from other stands!  Prices were super reasonable for micro brew and they came with lids!  Excited to try their food next time as well.If you sit here long enough, you may just forget you are in Reading Terminal..which may or may not be a good thing depending on your preference. They certainly have a fairly good draft list including some good local brews including a couple of Yards. 
Additionally, they also serve Golden Monkey which earns anybody an extra star in my book (hello 9.8% ABV!). The service was...indifferent. Kind of snotty, although not overtly so. 
Food was superbly average. Standard bar food, lots of fried foods and salty options. (The special crispy chix BLT was fried to a deep brown/black clearly indicative of some old oil.) 
And... they make their mimosas with Cook's Champagne. I am pretty sure it's on sale right now at Wine & Spirits for $4.99 a bottle...but whatevs. I guess mixing it with from concentrate orange juice masks the cheapness. 
I do think this place is an excellent addition to Reading Terminal, as it's kind of a boozed fueled oasis that allows you to sit down away from the crowds. It just could be a whole lot better.This is a decent option if you're looking to eat somewhere and have a drink within Reading Terminal. It's the only place that has a bar in the market. The food isn't amazing but it's good for what it is. The atmosphere is cool because it feels like you're within a restaurant inside the market. There are several TVs scattered around too. The food is reasonably priced and the drinks are too. The service is always pretty good. It seems that most people probably go here because they have a full bar option. The chicken pot pie was large in portion and served in a small cast iron skillet. The crust and filling were quite bland--I had to add a lot of salt to give it flavor and I'm not typically a person to add salt to foods. The Not Your Mamas Grilled Cheese was very good, although I wouldn't quite call it a "grilled cheese" more like a sandwich, but nonetheless it was delicious and stuffed with goat cheese, Brie, sautéed spinach and an onion jam. Overall, this is a decent spot to grab a bite if you're looking for a nice relaxing place away from the hustle and bustle of Reading terminal market and want to have a drink with your meal.Got the chicken pot pie and deviled eggs and uh.... AMAZING/hit the spot. Will be back again soon!!Pretty satisfied with my meal from Molly Malloy's. It will definitely be the place I hit up again when in Reading Terminal Market. I would like to also try some of their other delicious sounding offerings!
I ordered the Portabella "Cheesesteak" which was kennett square portabella mushrooms, sautéed peppers with a side of their house-cut fries. I added a side of guac instead of the cheese it normally comes with and it was great. The sammy and chips were pretty fantastic. 
We didn't drink here, but we certainly appreciate the option! We didn't even enter the bar because we had the kiddos in tow. Uncertain if that would be an issue, but it did looked like a good place to chill. 
It was a super crowded Saturday afternoon so we just sat at the community tables. Grabbing one is very cut throat at that time as many of you know. Bring patience.
Solid sammy. Happy for the vegan option!Ending up finally at this place was lucky. Good food nice guy, nice beer choice. The bar certainly did the difference in our choice.It's in the Reading Terminal Market.  That must be the lead for this review.  The venue is the primary reason for removing a star.  This would be a great place to sit and relax until later in the evening; however, it closes at 6.
Good food, fine service, and good food.Tucked inside the Reading Terminal Market, this pub is a cozy spot to grab a beer, a solid plate of food and watch a televised game or, better yet, people watch. The service is good and the waitstaff is friendly. The food wasn't fancy but it's delicious with prices that are easy on the wallet.We've stopped into Molly Malloy's twice now while walking around inside Reading Terminal Market.  Both times we have enjoyed our food and our drink and found the prices to be reasonable considering the environment. 
Who would have thunk that a place with a name like Molly Malloy's (sounds Irish right?)  would have a decent Philly Cheesesteak?  
Well, guess what...they do!   You have a few variables to choose from, and then you'll be surprised with just how delicious (and ample) your cheesesteak is.    Their fries are good as well.  
On top of that, while there are a ton of food options down there, I think this is the only (or one of the only) that are actual sit down restaurants.  So if that's what you're looking for, don't hesitate to give Molly Malloy's a try.We stopped here for a beer and wings and root chips.  The beer and wings were very good.  The root chips came out in very small pieces; you almost had to eat them with a spoon.  We mentioned it and the waitress took them off our bill.  Altogether the service was lackluster.  Probably won't be back; there are a bunch of better places in the area.When you are in the Reading Terminal Market this is a good place to sit and have a few pints and yummy food. I like the "Not-Your-Mamas Grilled Cheese" (goat cheese, black pepper fennel onion jam, sautéed spinach, sliced brioche, field green salad). The Red Fish is a good brew for an afternoon break (7.0% from Cherry Hill, NJ). The Harvest Kale Salad (romaine, kale, radicchio, crisp bacon, shaved brussels sprouts, parmesan crisps, mustard seed vinaigrette) is overwhelming. The portion is too much for one person (unless you are a cow), but perfect for two. If you are in the Terminal it is worth giving them a try. Hanna was a great server!Stumbled on Molly's during our first visit to Reading Market.  What a gem.  It's kind of a calm place to take a breather from the hectic market.  My friend was very impressed with their beer list and the food was stellar.  Everything is local (most comes from within the market itself) and super fresh.  I had the short rib empanadas, which were soooooo good, flaky crust, tender insides, just super simple and yummy.  We also got the grilled pb&j with a side of homemade fluff.  Best pb&j ever.  Sooo good.  I wish I lived close, I'd be there all the time!Amazing food super friendly people. This was my first time eating here. Had the cheese steak it was great. But the new spike tv Frankenfood Mac and Cheese was good. It was lacking some seasoning like salt and pepper or something. I will be eating there again. It's a most stop when you are in the area.The avocado toast is a healthy portion with four slices but it's more of a spread of avocado. I prefer my avo toast with chunks. It's also quite spicy, they are generous with the crushed red pepper.
The cauliflower salad is less of a salad and just a side of warm soggy cauliflower. Not a lot of red onion or flavor. Also they topped a hot dish with arugula & it wilted before I could find a seat. I'll throw it away. 
Short wait time & ok staff.Went to Philly on vacation and found this place to be great. The location is awesome and the bartenders were engaging and informative. Highly recommend.great place for food everytime we come to philly this th place for breakfast. great food great service.. ill be backAtmosphere is fantastic, beer selection wonderful, but fish & chips were just OK.  A bit too greasy.  Fries were OKI sat here for lunch and a drink after my boyfriend and I visited the Market. The place was (obviously) noisy (Sunday, July 5th). The waiter was really nice. 
However the food was only OK. We primarily picked this place because it was easy to sit there so it well served its purpose.Stopped here for a drink and they had a pretty good drink menu. The waitresses looked like they were still in training and we had several different waitresses during the time we were there. The food was pretty decent. We ordered calamari and deviled eggs, which came with some sort of eggplant puree as well. The calamari was served in a bowl with another bowl of sauce sitting on top of the calamari-- I thought this was a weird presentation- the marinara sauce bowl kind of crushed the food and the calamari was slightly over-cooked. It's rare that I find perfectly-cooked calamari anywhere, however they did give us a generous portion. Because we only stopped in for apps and a few drinks, we didn't get the full experience, but it was just ok. If it wasn't located in the reading terminal market, I'd say the experience wouldn't have been half as good.This place is a pretty good area to sit down in Reading Terminal. I had Molly's burger and the jam was a surprisingly good addition, getting that sweet and salty combo going. The fries were just OK. The Bloody Mary was great. My dining partners each had the mac and cheese and the vegetable sandwich which they had no complaints about. General seating can get pretty cramped so if you can get a spot at the bar that's a solid option.Finally got a chance to go here for lunch after hearing so much about their food. Even though Molly Malloys is located in the heart of reading terminal market, their sit down atmosphere makes you forget about the busy market itself! The friendly staff made the experience even more pleasant. Now for the food... I was having a major craving for Mac and cheese so it was an easy choice when it came to the menu. I ordered the baked Mac & Cheese which was served in an adorable little skillet! The velvety cheese smothered shells served as the perfect comfort food with every bite. My only complaint would be that there were no "buttery breadcrumbs" as promised, which unfortunately is one of my favorite parts in a classic baked mac and cheese dish. Overall, a nice atmosphere and noteworthy Mac and cheese if you've got a craving for it!Wasn't bad. The service was awesome and I also had turkey sausage with my blueberries pancakes. The food was good, kinda sad about the texture of the sausage, which was a little cold. Overall, the experience was good.I stopped in here for lunch while visiting the Philadelphia area. It is nice that Molly Malloy's has a sectioned off restaurant area which enables its customers to have a bit of separation from the very hectic Reading Terminal.  I got the chicken pot pie which came out very hot in a cute mini skillet.  The crust was doughy and delicious.  The insides had big chunks of chicken complemented by peas and carrots.  The filling was not as creamy as other chicken pot pies I have experienced.  The service was very quick despite even though it was pretty busy there.  I would recommend this place to someone looking for some good food in the Reading Terminal.Coming out of the auto show and on our way to a much anticipated cocktail pub-crawl, we hadn't planed to visit Molly Malloy's - but it became default stop one while we planned our itenerary as it was close and warm.  So who woulda guessed they have a few unique beer-based cocktails on their menu?  Yes indeed, we tasted all three. My favorite was the grandpappy - made with old grandad, Yards Tavern Porter, and a juniper-infused molasses simple syrup. An amazing, strong drink with effervescence and complex flavors. The blood-orange vodka and heffewiezen with bitters was another winner. The tequila and Victory headwater pale ale was good, but the subtly of the tequila got lost in the hops. 
The folks to both sides of us raved about the food, so another visit is in order to see what we were missing.You have to try the Not Your Momma's Grilled Cheese! No questions asked! This was a great place to get lunch in the Reading Terminal. Full bar with delicious food and a spacious place to sit.The ambiance of this place was not like the rest of the market, the music was fluid and lights were dimmer. The menu was original and the ingredients were fresh, I had the avocado toast added eggs and bacon. The avocado was smeared on whole grain fresh bread made fro. One of the places across the way, eggs were cooked to perfection and bacon was thick and crispy and added the right amount of salty balance.We got some New Orleans food while in Redding Terminal. They were out of bottled water, so I hit up Molly Malloy's, which is a bar that serves food, and has a walk up counter in the dinning area of Redding Terminal.
While I was getting my water, out of the corner of my eye I saw mouth watering eye popping sweet potato fries. I stashed this image in my head, grabbed my water, and went back to the table where my wife and daughter were sitting.
I looked at the a box of what looked like home fried potatoes and asked my wife, "what's that?." since I did not recall buying home fries. She said, that's the french fries we got. I said, "oh no, not happening. I just saw some to die for looking sweet potato fries." I said enough. My wife is a sweet potato fry lover. She could live off those things.
I got a very large plate of sweet potato fries with some tasty tangy sauce. They were really good. I don't know how Molly Malloy's is with everything, but I will vouch for their sweet potato fries.There were so many options for a cheese steak in  Reading Terminal Market, so we decided to try Molly Malloys.   We ordered 2 cheesesteaks,  fries, wing and the roasted Brussels sprouts- those were my favorite!!  Roasted in a truffle oil with garlic- absolutely delish!     The cheesesteak was good...not greasy, decent flavor.   But, obviously not the traditional cheesesteak Philly is known for- which was okay, since I didn't expect to get that anyways.  I give them 4 stars, because the food was all good.   Just, nothing was outstanding besides the Brussels sprouts.  Cost was a bit in the higher side compared to other options in the Market- but again, none of it was a surprise as you can see the cost of everything before you order.Nice place to chill in the Reading Terminal Market when you get tired of walking around & want a drink.Its a pretty nice sized bar with lots of beers on tap, food and speciality drinks.I got a Honeycrisp Apple  Sangria that was delicious and it was only $5 ! It also had really good Apples & Oranges in it.The service was good too but I can't really say anything about the food.The only reason I didn't get any food there is because we had just eaten but it looked pretty good.I'll definitely be coming here to take a drink break again next time I'm in Reading Terminal Market.A good spot for a quick lunch in the Terminal.
Cheap
Very good
A ton of food
A great beer selection.
Molly Malloy's boasts a 24 beer on tap selection and it is filled with legitimate local and treat brews.  
The fish and chips were very tasty.  The cobb salad was massive and loaded with a lot of great fresh ingredients.  
Great service.This was a good choice.  I was back home visiting Philly for a conference and wanted to get my scrapple fix.  Molly's had it as well as some other nice breakfast items and some quite tasty bloody marys.  Adequate beer list for the venue and very friendly service made it a worthwhile stop,Stopped here for a quick lunch while in Philadelphia for business, and this place didn't disappoint. They were very nice and quick to get my order up, for which I had the Brussels Sprouts and Short Rib Empanadas.
The Brussels Sprouts were perfectly crispy and flavorful, while the Empanadas were perfectly cooked and equally tasty. I only wish it was healthier so I could have eaten more, and perhaps that the Empanadas has a thicker sauce to them. However, I would definitely recommend this place and the two "snack" dishes that I got. They were delicious and surprisingly larger than I expected for being "snacks!"An unexpected place to eat a chicken pot pie but it does not disappoint.  The boyfriend was craving a pot pie so I did a Yelp search and we stumbled upon this place for these elusive pot pies.  They come in a ceramic container that looks (and tastes) like they were just pulled from the oven, which they probably were.  Piping hot and loaded with chicken (of course) and all that you'd expect in a pot pie - potatoes, celery, carrots.  The gravy in there tasted great.  I thought $7 was a steal, compared to some of the other Yelp places that yielded chicken pot pies (Red Owl Tavern, The Corner come to mind).  We were both satisfied and I even had leftovers.
To be frank, the rest of the menu looks like your fairly standard American grub (pulled pork, BLT sandwich, etc).  We didn't try anything else so I can't comment on the rest of the food but if you're craving an inexpensive place for a scrumptious chicken pot pie, this is a good choice!Not sure what to say...how about the BEST BREAKFAST EVER..the pancakes were amazing and my daughter said the french toast was the best she ever had...I can't say enough about the staff our waitress was awesome with our 4 kids....I can't forget how cool Redding is to walk around..I am from Nyc so when I say I can eat anything it means I will with a smile. The saltiest portions, with eggs and bacon hard as a rock. It takes 30 minutes for a breakfast worse than a diner. Highly suggest any other place even the corner general store would be betterLigger i en trevlig saluhall direkt under konferenscentret. Köpte Philly Cheesesteak Sandwich, som är "nationalrätt" i Philadelphia. Inget exotisk men smakade utmärkt. Jag pt på hotellet men det går att sitta vid bord på plats om man vill. Hela The Market är väl värt ett besök. Massor med olika små matställen med olika typer av mat och det går även köpa råvaror om man hellre lagar till själv. Härlig genuin gammaldags miljö.The guacamole BLT was amazing! Friendly service, great prices. A peaceful place in Reading Market to have a drink and a bite. I was alone, sat at the bar. Not crowded, (Monday early evening in January).  I enjoyed it a lot!Good spot for a sandwich and beer in the Reading Terminal Market.  Decent draft beer selection. I had Chicken Caprese sandwich.  It came with a mixed green salad, which I prefer instead of fries.  My friends both had Philly Cheese Steak and said it was very tasty. Service was very goodBurgers are nothing special and lacked flavor. More appealing to the eye than the mouth. Had it not been for thick slices of bacon I wouldn't have gotten through half of that beef patty. Definitely finished off my fries though. They were fresh skinned Idaho length potato strips topped with some sea salt.  Good draft beef options available. This is the only venue inside Reading Terminal to offer anything alcoholic. Service is ok, though space is limited and the noise level can make it difficult to have a conversation.I ordered from their to-go counter - fast and friendly service. I ordered their cheesesteak and it was good - came with house made chips.Nice people and nice burgers, especially the turkey. 
The sandwiches are served with fries and come with lettuce and tomato, but that's about it. They offer many toppings including goat cheese, gruyere, tomato jam, fried pickles, kalamata olives, celery aoli, and honey roasted peanut butter. You could go crazy creating various combinations, but for an additional $1-$2 per topping, I added red onion, braised cabbage and honey mustard (for about $13).
The burger was not a disappointment- definitely was not as cheap as other yelpers have stated. That won't keep me from coming back the next time that I am in Philadelphia. But, it will keep me from going crazy with the fix-ins. Luckily, the burger was large and juicy enough that I really didn't need to add anything else to it.I was here last March for a business trip and was so excited to come back again this year. Love the beer selection and the bartenders are great!  I will definitely be back and highly recommend Molly Malloy's to anyone visiting Philadelphia!Fast service and quick to please. I do wonder what oil they cook with because it definitely affected the taste of the omelet I had. Bacon was on the sweet side too. Passable, but I make better food at home.My husband and I stopped in Molly Malloy's at Reading Terminal on an early Sunday morning. We were impressed with their brunch menu, the atmosphere and the pricing!
My husband ordered the pancakes with breakfast meat. The pancakes were light and airy, with the perfect amount of buttermilk twang. I ordered the french toast. It was a generous serving for just $7. I couldn't eat it all!
We highly recommend Molly Malloy's for a casual Sunday brunch. You'll definitely get your money's worth!Since I've been here 3x in 24 hours I figured it deserves 5 stars. Breakfast is wonderful and a mid day snack of Brussels sprouts satay and crispin cider really hit the spot. I'll be back for more and recommend you do too!good food, good waitstaff and rotating specials. prices are fair and you can typically get in and out in about 30 min. Try the BBQ pulled pork w/ crunchy onions.So this was fun!! Right in the market so it is a great environment.  Good beer and a yummy cheesesteak.  Service was very good.First time here, food was okay, order sandwiches, I got what was called the portabella mushroom cheesesteak ,okay I guess, on the menu it is listed at $11 and comes with fries, so far so good, when I got the bill their was a up charge for the peppers and onions that the menu said came with the sandwich, was told "oh that is for the vegetarian sandwich "why in the hell would you name the sandwich, portabella mushroom CHEESESTEAK if it's vegetarian? NOT WORTH $13 bucks. buyer bewareI had the crab cakes here which I thought were good.  It had a moderate amount of crab meat (I have had more) and flavor, I thought it could use a bit more seasoning, and it was a bit greasy on the bottom of the cake, which I did not eat.  Over all a good crab cake, but I just have had much better.I stopped in the terminal and had some extra time; therefore, I wanted to sit down, be waited on, and relax.
I ordered up the calamari salad and it was delish. The servers were extremely nice and helpful and the portion was very generous.
If I am not in a rush, I will e sure to stop back and try something else.  The fries looked amazing and they are on my radar.Good choice for lunch on a very busy Saturday at Reading Terminal Market. We were seated immediately by a friendly hostess and our server was at our table within minutes of our being seated. I ordered my normal boring Bud Light which was cold and delicious and my daughter ordered an IPA which she loved. My daughter's cheese steak was the best she had in Philadelphia which is saying something! I had a goat cheese spinach and onion grilled cheese which was good but too much spinach and onion for me. Wish I had gotten the cheesesteak but all in all a very good experience!Food way better than you would expect. Great beer selection. Lovely all wood bar. Great place to regather yourself after shopping in the hubub of the reading terminal market.Great place. Nice mix of locals and tourists. Food selection is good--sea food to salads. Beer selection is great and the service was wonderful. Natasha was very cool--as were the other servers--but she knew the beers and pallets. I cannot wait to go back.I must say my wife,mother-in-law & I had a very good experience at Molly Malloys in the reading terminal market in downtown Philadelphia. My wife had the butternut squash soup & I had the best bangers and mash I've eaten yet. If your looking for a place to sit,relax a little and eat good food, well I think you should check this place out !!This place is delicious! If you're around the Reading Terminal area, this is the place to go. Decently priced food and drinks for the area, and the food is always great. I love the garlic aioli that you can order with your fries. The service is average, and they get pretty busy around 4:30/5:00, but I've never had to wait for a table.Many of the menu items caught my interest - portobello cheesesteak, harvest kale salad, ale-steamed mussels, the GBLT - but I was set on my mission for fish and chips and they did not disappoint!
The portion size was big enough to share with three large fish cod fillets. They were cooked perfectly with a nice crispy and thick yet light breading. The tartar sauce was so-so but a nice accompaniment to the fish. The chips were also great. Crispy, slightly greasy French fries that were topped with sea salt, which was a great surprise to get little bursts of saltiness every few bites.
Overall, I was impressed by what I expected to be just a mediocre lunch. They seemed to have a nice list of draft beers as well but sadly I was on lunch break from a conference....next time, beer, next time.I eat at Molly Malloy's at least once a week and have yet to be disappointed. They have a great menu with items sure to please everyone in your group. Their rotating menu of specials make it even harder to make a selection - everything always sounds (and tastes) amazing. And to top it off, they've got great service!Naturally, I'm going to give any place in Reading Terminal 5 stars. If you have even the slightest doubt in my love for the market read my Reading Terminal review, I dare ya!
Molly Malloy's is an excellent spot if you need a break from the hustle and bustle and need a good beer. Actually IMPORTANT TIP: did you know you can take your beer to go?? YUP! Even if you want to have an eclectic lunch from a variety of stands  accompanied by a beer, Molly Malloy's has got you covered. Seriously! They even pour it in a convenient plastic cup. If you need a little something to keep ya chill while perusing the market, get a beer to go and the crowd won't even phase you anymore! 
Getting back on topic, Molly Malloy's actually has extremely good food. I, for one, am a sucker for sweet potato fries and they have some delectable ones. Their lamb burger is juicy and wonderfully served. Also, if you are feeling healthy, the kale salad is darn delicious and HUGE! The chicken pot pie is tasty too. I could keep going on and on! My only complaint is the chicken caprese sandwich was a bit dry to my disappointment... Though that is the only time I've been dissatisfied, which is pretty good considering how many times I've been there! 
The market can be crazy sometimes, but Molly Malloy's is an excellent escape! And if you don't want to have a server or a sit down meal there is always the beer-to-go!!TIPS:
*There are far, far better places to eat at the Reading Terminal Market. I got unlucky with this sit down place on my first day in Philly. Even the faux-Chinese food in one of the stalls is better than this.
*Do not serve burgers when the rolls are hard and stale. No matter what beef or brie cheese is on the Wednesday special, it's hard to find anything positive about an un-fresh roll.
*Fries. Fries! It's french fries! Do they have to be cold? I left almost all of them on the plate. I should have ordered what my companion had --the Philly cheesesteak, which he seemed to like.
Service wasn't very kind or helpful. It was hard to find someone to come help us.We came in for a cheese steak a and wonderd over to this place. We had a few drinks and appetizers, Alicia was GREAT. While we are here, we shall repeat a visit.
They also give testers of the AWESOME beers. I met some friendly people as well.We had grill cheese, guacamole and chips, amazing brussel sprouts, pulled pork with bbq sauce!! For sure will eat here again before we travel back home!!I hate downtown crowds, so I avoid it unless I have to.  I had Jury duty so I usually search for a watering hole to have my lunch.  I ordered the Black and Bleu burger which includes bacon (yum), carmelized onions and a Bleu Cheese type dressing.  It was ok, but I prefer it on a roll rather than a texas toast type of bread.  The carmelized onions threw the taste off a bit.  Service was good and the draft beer was tasty.  I'll remember this place next year when I get picked again.Came on a Sunday to Reading market. The place is a bit overwhelming, especially if you're hungry!  Too much choice leading to decision fatigue.  We decided on Molly Malloy's because they had seating and an appealing menu.  Opted to try the Chicken Cheesesteak and wasn't disappointed.   Added the Chipotle Buttermilk sauce and mushrooms.  Only way to go now!  Highly recommended!  Sandwich came with a variety of sweet potato and regular chips.  Would definitely eat here again!While we were meandering through the crowd at the Reading Terminal Market on Black Friday I wondered how in the world we would ever get a table where there was room to eat! There were so many people. Then I turned and saw Molly Malloy's, a full service restaurant and bar located inside the Reading Terminal Market! It felt like an oasis in the desert. 
My boyfriend and I were seated immediately and perused the menu. He ordered the cheese steak with broccoli rabe, and I ordered the chicken sandwich with sweet potato fries. Both meals were filling. My boyfriend enjoyed his cheeseteak immensely, while I liked my meal but it was your basic chicken sandwich, no bells no whistles. When I go out to eat I want to taste something that makes my mouth sing. This experience reminds me of the Jersey boardwalk. There is an abundance of food and you're usually ravenous after being in the ocean all day, but it's the atmosphere not necessarily the food that takes center stage. 
I also ordered a sweet iced tea. I was served iced tea with no sugar. The waitress apologized for the error and quickly delivered the sweet tea to my table. And she actually stayed more attentive after that, making sure to refill my drink at the exact right time. I really appreciated that.
Molly Malloy's is great if you need a basic meal and a seat in the oft crowded Reading Terminal Market. Or if you want to sit at the bar and have a few drinks and grab a bite to eat. I wouldn't recommend it if you're geared up for WOW, you may find it, or you may not.While attending a convention, I came here for lunch a few days in a row. It's nice because they have their own sitting area so you don't have to fight for tables in the rest of the market. 
Great, expansive beer selection. Always friendly service each time I went. 
First day, I got the mac and cheese, which came out piping hot. Pretty good.  The second day, I got the beef stew, pretty decent again. 
My date loved both his grilled chicken dish and caprese sandwich. My dad loved his chicken pot pie he ordered and mom got the Philly Cheesesteak that she said was amazing. 
So, I just ordered poorly two days in a row. 
Oh wells, will be back if we're in town!Went here for breakfast with my husband for the first time. Service was great and food was outstanding! Probably the best omellete I've had in my life was here. I also had the french toast, which were also delicious. Coffee was good too, the roast was a very peculiar one so it tasted really good. My husband had the prime rib empanadas and they were really good too!I stopped here randomly in search of a good meal. It's hard coming to Reading Terminal when you're hungry, the possibilities are endless! However, if you want to sit down an eat somewhere a bit more restaurant like this place is it! Everything here is house made & FRESH, they also use produce and meats from other businesses in the terminal. I had the fish and chips which were excellent, great batter, not too greasy and the house fries are awesome, they even make their own ketchup! Beer selection doesn't disappoint either, I'll definitely be back!Great place to grab a bite @ RTM! Table service is a plus.
Food is fresh, tasty & well prepared. Some ingredients are sourced locally(bacon from Halteman's,yum) Fresh squeezed o.j. My avacado blt was delicious.My friends loved their steak sandwich & burger served w/ fresh cut fries. Great friendly service.They also have a very decent beer/cocktail selection. Prices are reasonable , especially considering the quality of the food.