So far not good but I guess something will covens me to come again before I go!!!!!!!Good: Ambiance--well decorated and nicely appointed. Pretty furnishings and great bar. 
Decent: Drinks and drink list. Unique mixes if you like cocktails. Menu options pretty standard. I'm vegetarian & had plenty of options to choose from. 
Poor: Service. Drinks came out after maybe 15 minutes and the place was dead. Not only that, they were hand carried one by one or two by two, and sometimes the wrong drink altogether! Server couldn't answer any of our questions. Need to train the staff if you want repeat customers. Customer service lacking, some staff wearing barely a bikini which is a little off putting for dinner. Service extremely slow and not trained whatsoever. 
I would not return even though the food and drinks were decent.I have been a member at North Shore Beach Club for the last 4 years and it was AWESOME. This year it's Monarch and it. is. the. WORST. The menu used to be varied and delicious; now, salads in to-go containers look like something you'd get in a school cafeteria, sandwiches are sloppy, and all the good things on the menu (like artisan pizza and tacos) are gone. The drinks are only still good because they had the sense to keep the same bartenders (but who knows how long they'll stay with this place going downhill). They reconfigured the space and now it looks like they're packing people in like sardines. The wooden chairs that were so comfy have been replaced with cheap plastic. The bathrooms are a gross mess. The list goes on.  The most terrible part, though, is how they took a great little slice of heaven - an oasis - and have turned it into a grotesque attempt at a lounge/bar/nightclub.  A friend was there in the evening and it was all the worst parts of a spring break frat party run amok.  "I'm pretty sure I saw someone inside someone." was how she put it. The cherry on top is that now anyone who wants to pay 50 bucks for the privilege of drinking enough to puke on people in bathing suits can do so.
Anyone who has something to do with how this place is run should reach out to the people that have been coming back year after year and try to figure out what made this place great before - there are a lot of people who really loved this place and want to keep coming back.Great brunch spot, looks newly renovated. Food selection is awesome and plenty of drinks to choose from.One of the best service experiences I have EVER had! Sabrina was a joy to have as our server. We were a group of 11 on the end of a bachelorette weekend in for Sunday brunch, and she was so accommodating, willing to tweak menu items, check in the back for certain items, and willing to bend over backwards to help us enjoy our experience as much as possible. When we arrived we were the only ones there (10:30am on a Sunday may be early for some), but the staff was ready to receive us. At the pool club next door there were free samples of a patron espresso drink and Sabrina went over not once but twice(!) to get us all samples, the second time even bringing back full sized cups of it for us all! We also had a birthday in the group and they brought out sparklers for the birthday girl while we sang. 
The food was all delicious with lots of it, and they were very happy to make substitutions as needed. Affordable and beautiful space, if it hadn't been a scorchingly hot weekend, we would have definitely eaten on their beautiful patio. Looking forward to coming back next time I'm in Philly.Black People don't go here, seriously.... they don't like us, they don't want us here!!!! They told the dj not to play hip hop music, in other words don't play black music . I would never go here again and spend my money..... Fuck MonarchI just wanna say i cant wait until this guy destroys this place and goes bankrupt so a person who cares and knows how to run a business takes it over ,until then i will not belong to this disgrace of a pool!We had a reservation for 8 for a bachelorette brunch. It took us 20+ minutes to get our drinks, the coffee machine was broken, it took an hour for our food to come out, 1/3 bathrooms actually worked, etc. We asked to speak to the manager and it took 20 minutes for her to come to our table. Long story short, food is edible, service is god awful.I came to Monarch for the first time this season and am extremely disappointed in the changes to the club. Upon arrival both my friend and I were told that our outside towels were not allowed and they also would not hold onto them while we were there because it was a "liability" (she was forced to throw hers away and life hack: I stashed mine under a bench outside since we both walked there). Instead you are given a plain white (and kind of small) bath towel from JC Penney that you are required to take home and bring back with each time. Guests have to pay $10 to use one but don't worry you get $5 back when it's returned. There was no email sent out explaining this insane change of policy or that they were even open for the season for that matter (yelp currently says it's closed). 
They've removed the entire downstairs seating to put in large rooms with TVs for VIP guests which will be interesting when the first busy day of the year comes and no one has anywhere to sit. Now there are a handful of chairs in the back corner where it's the first spot to lose sun in the afternoon and the seating upstairs. And half of the seating upstairs has a beautiful view of a tin roof from those VIP rooms.
Finally one of the great perks was being  able to relax and order your food and drinks from your seat but it seems like this service has been completely taken away. Everything has to be ordered from the bar which again will be interesting fighting for a drink on that first busy day. There are waitresses still but it seems as if they are only there for VIP guests and on a nearly empty day like today that means they're all standing in a corner talking and not serving anyone.
As a member for 3 seasons who has paid way too much money to come here and talking with other long time members we are extremely dissatisfied  with the changes in service and policy. With such drastic changes, a review should have gone out to members before they renewed so they could decline to pay more money for less service. Hopefully as the season goes on this can change because I used to love coming here.
UPDATE: your bag is also checked when you leave? Such bizarre rules being put into place with no explanation as to why or a heads up for people who bought memberships. 
Instead of leaving a nice day at the pool relaxed,  my friend and I are leaving annoyed and this is just a time when there were about 10 guests there never mind a busy day.I really wanted to like Monarch but the bad outweighed the good this time. We had a larger group (about 15 people) and tried to keep in mind that it was Mother's Day which is typically a busier day for restaurants however this visit left a lot to be desired. 
Like previous reviews stated, our pitcher of mimosas came in a blue plastic Bud Light pitcher which just seemed cheap for a place that seemed to want to be a bit classier with their outdoor seating area. That being said, $25 for a pitcher of mimosas was a good price, though that's probably why it tasted like straight OJ. lol Our food was delivered a few dishes at a time which is to be expected with a larger group if you want everyone to enjoy hot food. Sadly, a few people complained that their food was cold when it was brought out which didn't seem to make sense given that the food was brought out little by little. There was some sort of mix up and one member of our group didn't even get their food until everyone was finished eating. The staff took that dish off the tab however it just seemed too little, too late at that point.  
I'd probably go back to Monarch for a few drinks if I was going to be out in the area but wouldn't go for brunch again.Terrible service and mediocre food at best. 
Ordered chicken sausage in my omelette, and when we got the bill it turned out the waiter put pork sausage in instead.  We don't eat pork for religious reasons and mentioned this to our meathead server, he lightly apologized and didn't offer the slightest bit of retribution. 
The menu also doesn't mention anything about the dishes coming with a side of potatoes so we offered a side if potato hash to share. We got our food, each with a side of potatoes on the plate and then an additional side of potatoes. You'd think the server would have the sense to mention that our food already came with potato hash and check if we really wanted an extra plate if potatoes...  
Cold biscuits, undercooked food, bland flavor. Never going back here again, it's a shame because Kings oak was a place I used to go regularlyCouple things:
1.  Yelp says youre closed on sundays
2.  I came in today, sunday, wasnt my scene or that of many that come to northern liberties. Could be a deterrent to those that think this is what its like on a normal sunday. Just a tip.Love this place! Cool chill atmosphere, the outdoor patio is my fav! Every time I have brunch here, I end up staying for 5 hours, amazing food and drink specials.Very subtle atmosphere, wonderfully attentive and approachable staff make for a delightful evening. You can't go wrong at Monarch.Awesome service. S/O to James... we had some discrepancies during our visit and they accommodated us immensely. Also, the decor is beautiful and warm. Cute place for a group dinner or date night.This place is HORRIBLE! They had 2 beers on tap which I had never heard of, they were completely out of liquor, the bar tender said " I don't know how to change the tv channels". It was just AWFUL. I feel we were overcharged. When I asked for check the bar tender conveniently didn't provide a receipt with a break down.  There was one other customer in the place which obviously says a lot for their reputation. This place is an embarrassment to Northern Liberties. Go else where!!!I have been a member at this pool club for over 6 years and it has gone to complete hell! It is disgusting to see what this place has become. It was once a nice relaxing place to hang out and get a drink when the membership fee was $500-$1000ish. Now it has become a cess pool of people from all over the area ever since they started selling day passes for a measly $30 or so. I believe the cops have already been called there a few times which I think is a first. It is only a matter of time before something bad actually happens inside or out front of the complex. Now let's get started on the remodeling they did. Lets face it, it's Philadelphia not Vegas or A.C so stop trying to act like it. The whole floor space around the pool, which was once chairs, is now full of cabanas and sweat covered couches. The members are now crammed upstairs and one side of the upstairs doesn't even have a pool view because the cabanas are blocking it. Unlike past years the waitresses used to come upstairs, now they just stand around downstairs looking like they are all on acid/molly trips. Over all the customer service is some of the worst I have ever experienced in my 31 years of existence. I'd say 98.9% of the workers could not even name the place that they are working at. If you have a question do not bother asking an employee because you will get a different answer from each one. For example, this past weekend a few of my buddies were in town and wanted to get a cabana. We were told a few different prices when finally I got to speak to a manager  who told me "they just make prices up as they go", that was probably not the best thing to tell a potential customer. In closing this place is a real eye sore for the NoLibs area and has become nothing more than a broke ass place for people who can't afford to go to Vegas, Miami, or anywhere outside of Philadelphia.  
UPDATE! After recently going into the pool at monarch I think I may need a tetanus shot or some kind of medicine because I've seen cleaner water in third world countries!! A disgrace.Young urban hip brunch spot with beer garden, outside seating and a pool...
I had frequented this location before it became Monarch. I very much enjoyed the food and service of the other place. My girls called me to go out for an unplanned brunch and the options were some diner and Monarch. My first thoughts were "we live in Philly, you don't do diner for brunch when you have so many other options!" So I did my due diligence and checked out the website and menu which seemed to be just what a brunch girl like myself was looking for... Wrong. Unfortunately, the service was extremely slow for EVERYONE so much so that people began a standing ovation when the server finally came out with the pitcher of mimosas for the guests. When we first got there, food seemed to be flying out of the kitchen. We (3 of us) were offered other people's food on at least two occasions. Once our food finally came out, it was not visually appealing nor did it taste good and it was cold. My smoked salmon tasted spoiled. I spoke with the manager who blamed it on the owners who changed the menu. I don't believe as a manager you should point the finger but apologize and fix the issues but that's another conversation. Our waitress Michelle did her best with what she was given it seemed. I think she was new and I gave her plenty of pardon for being new. Maybe I'll check this place out again in a few months. It's a lovely concept and location but if you're gonna compete with brunch in the city, you've got to BRING IT!Well let me tell you about my night here. Ok so it was my first night and their grand opening night. It seems like the staff was new and that they were still trying to figure out things, so there isn't any organization set in stone. My friend and I had to order their honey curry chicken wings which were not placed on the menu because there was a typo for jerk chicken wings and that's what we wanted in the first place but couldn't get it because that's something they don't serve, we also ordered their balsamic Brussels sprouts which were awesome!! and their Salisbury sliders which makes your mouth water. Didn't care for the honey curry wings it's a waist of your time. We also order the fries it was ok it tasted like your everyday fries the dipping sauce they had was ok it wasn't something that made the fries taste any better. 
As of right now there is a lot of construction going on by the Resturant and if your not familiar with the area your gps will take you to the back way and it's hard to just get in the entrance. This Resturant had a lot of things going on that still needs to finish but I believe this place will be up and coming in no time just like the previous Resturant that was once there before. It was very nice that the owners or family members came around to greet us and ask us what we think of the place. I will definitely come back here to taste the menu again and try out the breakfast or brunch menu they have. It's a beautiful atmosphere and a little lounge vibe at the end of the night what more can u ask for!i went to the pool yesterday afternoon. at first, i was having a great time...fun, relaxing atmosphere with tons of people. music was so-so, not awful. i had a waitress and she was nice and attentive.  there was also a female bartender, who was attentive, considering that the bar was packed. I did not have problems w/ her when she served me. but earlier that day, i went up to the bar and had a really bad experience w/ the shorter, male bartender.
i asked the shorter, male bartender what kind of rums they had there. god forbid i asked him a question that literally takes 10 seconds to answer. he acted like he couldn't believe i asked him that and referred to the long line of people that were waiting. ok - i can appreciate the fact that he was bombarded by people asking for drinks. but I feel like i wasn't being complicated or difficult in the least, so i responded 'well it's not like it's life or death if they have to wait a few seconds'. He didn't even respond to me and just went on to serve the next customer. I've been told this is typical behavior for him. If that is how he treated a customer, i don't even want to think about how he treats people in his personal life. i feel bad for them. he was just a miserable little man.I went to monarch with my family for brunch on Mother's Day. I had reservations for 7 and a baby, they had trouble finding a high chair but they just opened so I'm sure it was stored far away. I order the mimosa pitcher to split and it was huge!! So worth $25! The service could have been quicker but again in a new place things need to be worked out and I've waited longer for drinks at established restaurants. All the food I tried was great the grilled romaine is amazing and huevos ranchos was as well. There are a ton of options for the pickiest eater. The atmosphere is cool and the outside area is so cute. I'm definitely going to go back!What's up with the new policies this year? Not digging the towel situation. If you were insisting that we bring our own then don't require that it be the one white towel you give us at the start. Anyone else find this BS? Also not digging the exclusive spots for around the pool. Trying to be so VIP and then you walk into the gross locker rooms....This place is so much better now than when it was Kings Oak. Much cleaner and fits the vibe of Northern Liberties. Staff was friendly and drinks were reasonably priced. We had purchased an open bar package for a friend's birthday and we had an amazing time.Love this place.Get in before the summer passes you by.Went on a Saturday for brunch.
Had Chicken and waffles ,mimosas and margaritas,everything was delish! Except, now I Had to fit in my kini with an over satisfied belly lol ..aaah,nah didn't care ha!
It was so nice chilling at the pool with my buddies enjoying the outdoors.
Dj Royalle was in the house ,rocked tha boat! He's always Amazing!!
Bartenders are super cool .Brian :)really nice dude.Knows his stuff!
Beautiful people all around on a chill vibe.
That's all I need for a great summer weekend.
Thanks Monarch!!
Will be there every time I get off work lol.
Loved it!!I've been a member for a couple years now and to say it's gotten worse each year is an understatement. In previous years you could only get in if you knew a member which was great because the pool wasn't crowded, it was clean, and the service was good. Now, they have day passes, but day passers can't sit in seats so they would be scattered on the cement all around the pool. Last summer, even though I was a member and could have a seat, my GUEST couldn't sit with me and had to sit along the edge of the pool. 
The pool was also never clean(hair EVERYWHERE), and the day passers would just come and blackout which just became a mess.
Now this year they decided it's free, which means they will charge $40/ day and you probably still won't get a seat. NO THANKS!! 
Sigh....I miss North Shore.....I love it. I will only go there for the bar, never tried their food; however, they do have a swimming pool. It is a cool place to relax or hang out. I meet my boyfriend there and we have been dating for two years.1. Racist..If your skin color is darker than eggshell white .. stay away
2. Way Way overpriced - $20 to enter and then they charge for towels, expensive watered down drinks, no place to sit, and keep trying to oversell you on the cabanas/daybeds for $300/day. 
3. Rude staff - Not one person who works there was customer friendly, maybe it was just because of the color of my skin, but just not a good experience. 
They are trying very hard to sell you the "experience", but i have literally seen bigger pools in backyards than this place.
STAY AWAY!This place is basic at best. A group of us went for brunch on a Saturday morning. The food was blah.They were out of chicken wings for chicken and waffles. The server argued with my friend about the difference between a fried egg and a sunny side up egg (there's a difference, but clearly not at this place). The tomato soup was from a can, not dressed up...just warmed up. My friend had a burger that tasted like a frozen patty, not freshly made. The service was nothing to rave about either. I will not be returning.The service was beyond horrible. Our reservations for four were at 12:45 and we didn't get food until 2pm. It literally took an hour for the food. The whole staffed was ver flustered. I will not be returning. By the time we got the food it was average. Def not worthy an hour wait.Bartender was such a jerk. Kept skipping me to serve people who obviously came after me, made fun of the drink I ordered and wouldn't serve it to me. No joke. Ruined my entire night. Never coming back here again.V trendy in every which way. Cool outdoor area, Instagram friendly, vegan friendly. Music is 10 out of 10.Fantastically remodeled venue from what it was before, King's Oak and North Shore. I made a Saturday brunch reservation for 1:30 for my group; I arrived 15 minutes early to check out the place and my table was already ready. Our server, Laura, came over promptly after my group was seated by the hostess. We ordered and after a short wait, our food came out, which is a good thing since we were hungover from the previous night. The food was excellent - not everything was perfect but it's soft opening so we understand. 
My friends and I came back to Monarch for a birthday party later on the same night. They really are true to their concept, eat.drink.swim. (The pool isn't open yet, btw). The DJ was playing great music, there was lots of dancing, and awesome bottle service. There's also a beer garden area outside with swing seats around the bar! I don't think anywhere else in Philly has that. 
Now I'm just really looking forward to the pool opening. Monarch is going to be a fun place to be.The food came out cold and in pieces. The waitress customer service was poor. The staff seems to be undertrained. Part of the order was wrong, while the rest was cold, the entire order had to be remade. The only good thing is that the manager took the time to try to make things right and offered a discounted bill. This is the worse service I've ever received here and I've been here several times prior. There's clearly a lack of training.I went here for a friends birthday and it was LIT! I felt like i was in Vegas, the music was bumping and so were the vibes! I didn't really try the food but the drinks were good! The drinks weren't anything too special but they were alright! I'll say the prices were VERY over priced though for everything. First off, they make you pay for a towel.... you're not allowed to bring your own...
DoraThis review is about the pool not the restaurant. I am so upset about how dirty the pool is that leaving a review of North Shore just didn't satisfy my outrage!!! Why Monarch??? Why are you ruining one of the best spots in Philly???? There is no excuse for how dirty the pool is, not to mention the bathrooms & the lounge areas. There have always been days when the pool wasn't so great but now there is NEVER a time when it's clean! There is hair, bugs, cups, straws & no one is ever skimming like there was in years past!!!! Please please please please start to take better care of our beloved swim club ASAP!!!Super friendly staff who want to help you. 
A Hallmark of a good place. 
The wings are excellent - if you are a fan of hot, do it ! It will not disappoint. 
The grilled Romaine is very smoky and delicious. I recommend it. 
The sandwiches are huge and the fries are delicious. The sauerkraut on the Rueben is very good. Everything here is homemade and shows the care invested. 
The shrimp and grits we had were very good - if you like - order these.  
Come hungry - enjoy!First off the aesthetics to this place are amazing! Everything looks great! The chairs are very comfortable and the seating area is spacious so that even if it's crowded you won't feel like you're sitting on top of people. The customer service was excellent, but the food is what kept this place from getting the full 5 stars from me. I ordered the Garlic Double Fried Wings but what I got were basically just mild buffalo wings. The order was correct, but the menu's title for the wings seems a bit off to me because I was expecting something other than what I got. Secondly I also ordered some Char Grilled Broccoli. They were more charred than tasteful but they were at least edible. I would've preferred a bit more seasoning on the broccoli. So overall it's a pretty decent place.A few friends and I went here for brunch this past Sunday. If I have a bad experience I normally don't share it but I feel like I have to in this instance..
My Bloody Mary tasted strongly like cheap vodka and watered down Bloody Mary mix. They had the doors open so the vent on the ceiling was dripping water throughout the restaurant. At one point our table (inside) was pretty swarmed with flies. All of us commented at different times that our food tasted like it were frozen/canned before being cooked. On the service end, we were the only table sitting and watched as almost every member of the staff sat and chatted in front of the restaurant while paying us little to no attention.
It has a cool vibe inside and we enjoyed the music, so it must be more of a night destination.  Go elsewhere for brunch :).This revamped space which was formerly King's Oak, attached to North Shore Swim Club is now home to a small dance floor with dj area, lounge area with big leather couches, bookcases, a roaring fireplace and flat screen above. There's a sports bar with tons of tvs and high top tables making it a nice spot to catch the game. Dine in cozy, candlelit booths or at a gorgeous, wooden farmhouse dining table for larger parties. Big open windows over look the super chill garden deck clad with light strands and reclaimed wood walls. Gorgeous crystal chandeliers hangs above you. The place has very cool vibes and is a neat concept being attached to the swim club. The food however...ehh. 
We dined before they were officially open to the public during their soft opening. We were one of three tables in the place on a Friday night. It was definitely nice the have the place to ourselves. The menu is southern fusion comfort. We started with elderflower gimlet and jalapeño marg. They were both really great! For dinner we had chicken and biscuits, vegan seitan wings with horseradish mash and pomme frites with aioli. A few things that accompanied our meal were forgotten, but it was still new so we let it slide. The wings were tasty, but definitely not my favorite in the city. A tad on the dry side. Fries were just ok, but when I hear them called pomme frites, I automatically think of my favorite place in NYC and all fries pale in comparison. Not fair to others, I know. Hubs said his chicken was also just fair and the mash didn't have enough kick to be called "horseradish". 
I did enjoy the atmosphere and would come back strictly for drinks. I would say just come for drinks and maybe a snack, for the pool or just hang outside or watch a game. Unfortunately, I don't think the restaurant is going to last. 
"Bound to be a hotspot for summer. Although I'm pretty glad we snuck in early because I think it may just turn into the kind of place we won't frequent in the upcoming months ahead. I can definitely see it as a place for hot singles covered in tanning oil to hang out and just see and be seen." Is what my draft review said back in April. Hmmmm. 
.Waited 40 minutes to sit down. All the staff was very friendly but The whole brunch process took about 3 hours. Food was cold and subpar. Had to ask for simple things ie silverware, condiments, etc. chicken was undercooked ... I wouldn't recommend this restaurantThe service was terrible it took our waitress 15 min to even acknowledge is then after putting in drinks and asking for water it took another 15 min in which she returned without drinks asking if we wanted to order. When we finally got out drinks and placed our order we didn't get our food for 1/2 hour! Then it took us asking three people to get silverware! 
When we finished our meal I order the fruit loop French toast to go and we sat there for another 1/2 hour waiting. 
Asking for our bill was a task in itself as they do not give you bill but have it on an iPad that the waitress has to stand there and watch you review it and pay, awkward. 
The food was decent but didn't out way the terrible service.Ah, Sunday. The day for sleeping in and going out for a nice relaxing late brunch, right? Wrong. Our 2pm reservation got us our table on time, but then no server for 25 minutes. I asked a server walking by to send someone to our section and she said she would. She didn't. I then went up to the host who also said he would send someone over. Ten minutes later finally an unapologetic server arrived with water, just to say she'll be right back to take our order and walked away. After we've been waiting this long, she should've taken our order right away. Did she come right back? Of course not. Ten minutes go by and I go back to the host. Says he's on it. She finally comes back to take our order, drinks and brunch. Fifteen minutes go by and still didn't even get our drinks. Now I've had enough and asked to see a manager. The manager brings our drinks over and apologizes, saying they were not prepared to be this busy in the kitchen and it was our waitress' first day. Lucky us. Manager offers to discount our drinks and asks if we still want to eat there. It's now 3pm and we've been there for an hour so yes we wanted to get our food ASAP rather than leave and go somewhere else at that point. Just a few minutes later our food arrives. One dish we ordered was huevos rancheros and it was lukewarm at best. Cheese barely melted, potatoes room temperature. Our waitress asks if everything came out okay and we said no, and told her why. She asked if we would like it heated up and we said no because who knows how long it would take and there was another dish on the table that would get cold. I still tipped although I probably shouldn't have, but I will never go back there. I literally never complain about restaurant service because I know how hard they work, but this was the absolute worst service I've ever received at a restaurant. Extremely poorly managed.
Side note: the couple seated next to us were there before us, waited and ordered when we did, and still didn't even get their food when we were leaving, which was well over an hour after we got there. They were just too nice to complain.Since the transition from Kings Oak to Monarch I have to say service, staff, atmosphere and food/drinks are phenomenal. Ive been here during both brunch hours and nightlife and I couldn't be happier with each experience. The menu offers so much variety and even has a few vegan friendly options and the drink menu is like none other. At my most recent visit, one staff members that stood out to me was Brianna L who was attentive throughout my time here and very personable and sweet! Definitely one of my favorite spots to hang out and will be returning very soon!Sooooo.... I can't even get into all the changes for the worse that have occurred this summer but I have to update my review to address the issue of no working shower by the pool. It is essential to rinse off after getting out of the pool as it is not kept as clean as it should be  & I am almost positive it is a health code violation not to offer a shower to rinse off in before one enters the pool. The outside shower exists, however,  its currently a storage area for the towel bin as of right now!!! Please please please hook it up... or put back the awesome ones you had last year!Had brunch here last weekend. The atmosphere and location are absolutely perfect. The outdoor area is a great space to hang out and enjoy the nice weather and the swings are a really nice touch. However, the service was pretty terrible. Our server was not attentive at all. Once our water glasses were empty, they stayed that way until we left. We had 2 people with empty cocktails for over 25 minutes. The Bloody Mary was awful. I am usually a huge fan of Bloody Mary's but these tasted like cheap pizza sauce was used as a base. I can't describe it any other way. Not good. Unfortunately, we won't be back.From looking at the menu online and seeing the pictures I was so excited to come to this place to celebrate my sister's brunch for her 30th. The appealing ambience of the place does not reflect the quality of their food and service. We had a party of 14 and we had one waitress who was servicing other tables. So needless to say very minimum check ins and empty water glasses. The worst experience of our visit was the food being brought out. Everyone was eating at different times because food was brought out sporadically. The waitress and who ever is in charge of the kitchen were debating in front of us to point the blame. All in all I would not suggest big parties. I had shrimp and grits and it lacked flavor and wasn't too filling.We came for Labor Day and we're slightly skeptical bc we had never been, and the friends with us were from Manhattan and were expecting a party. We had such an amazing time the entire afternoon and it was truly a great experience. Rent a daybed!!! Carlee was our server and she was the best. She payed us a lot of attention and made us feel at home. I can't recommend getting a daybed enough.Used to come here when it was Kings Oak. Came here a week after it reopened as Monarch (this is a late review). Definitely not as good, though I felt like Kings was having its struggles before it closed. 
The biscuits/jam and butter were ice cold / rock hard and our first pitcher of mimosas was almost entirely OJ. Service was spotty but I got the impression it was his first day serving under the new environment so I understood.  We had two more pitchers and they got a little better as we went but still not the perfect OJ/sparkling balance of the original. My meal felt premade and reheated. I used to make a meal out of the biscuits and gravy but no more. I miss the old Kings Oak food.
I look forward to trying it again once it's had a chance to gain traction but I think this will be a last opportunity situation if the experience is less than what I was hopingI've been really disappointed ever since North Shore switched brands to Monarch. In just a couple visits to the pool this year (this is my third year as a member) I've seen a drastic difference in amenities and service. Overall it makes the place look very cheap because it's cutting so many corners. For example, in the ladies bathroom there has never been any paper towels or soap in the soap dispensers, just one soap kiosk to be shared among everyone. Some of the mirrors in the locker room are gone, I saw random bugs crawling around the bathroom floor, and the stalls have been dirty or have no toilet paper.
The last time I went was a Monday and there were no towels left but one, which I got, but it was damp and kind of gross. I was there an hour and no server approached me with a menu. Some of the chairs are broken and have been for a while. Plus they're charging extra for using swim floats! Also, in previous years they offered gift cards for members who renewed for the next year, which you could use for the drink and food menu, but no such reward this year. Probably just as well, though, because the menu at the pool is basically cut in half compared to all the options it used to have. I hate this!I heard of Kings Oak closing, but wasn't sure exactly what day. We decided to meet at this location around 7:30, and it happened to be Monarch's *first* night open. Opening nights can be stressful for a restaurant and I had to keep that in mind.
Beautifully decorated, fireplace was going, and just a handful of people in the place. The bar looked a little over staffed, but being first night, they probably weren't sure how many. There were 6 of us, sitting at the bar tables. They were cool with us moving them around to fit us and still be able to have a conversation. The music was playing at the perfect volume.
I had an elderflower cocktail that was delicious. Lots of IPA's on tap.
Their dinner menu wasn't super exciting. We had the menus on our table for quite a long time and thought someone should have come over. One of the guys from our group eventually got up and got it going and by the point we are famished! The food felt like it was taking a lifetime to come out and when stuff did come over, it was always for a different table. I would have gone back there to help cook if needed, that hungry.
Poutine, tenders, burger, chicken sando (they were out of pierogies??), baked mac & cheese. The brussel sprouts sounded good but it didn't make the list. The mac & cheese was pretty awesome. I feel the Poutine should have been plated differently and with more everything, but the demi glacé sauce was delicious. My friend said the chicken sando was really tasty.
Once it started rounding 10 pm we decided to head out. More people started piling in near the bar, and the DJ had the music turned up. 
Brunch menu looks tasty so I'll put it on the list to try out.Awesome place.  Reasonable prices and good food.  The pitcher of bloody mary was great and my wifes brunch BLT was great, loaded with bacon.  I had the American omelette and that was good too.  The service was ok my only complaint was getting the check.  We were litterally ignored when we asked for the check, twice.Disgusting pool with pitiful service. I have been a member for the past several years and went today for the first time this season, it was disheartening and frankly repulsive. Being one of three early birds in the pool you would think it were clean, not the case. Cloudy water filled with an abundance of long hairs and flies was what I encountered. Sounds lovely right? It could only be tolerated for a couple minutes before resigning to my chair.  Let's talk about the "VIP section" for members which is the furthest section away from the pool and bar. Not to mention it was the last section to be occupied every year prior due to the complete inconvenience of it. There is no waitress service offered during the week, the chairs are filthy with stains and you are given a medium size white bath towel that barely covers them to accommodate you. The place has sadly gone down hill, I'm not sure if I will return this season. I was completely put off by the lack of care given to a once wonderful establishment. I really didn't think that the conditions and service could  be any worse than last year, monarch you have proved me wrong.I have been waiting over an hour to be served by a bartender. The bartender is yelling at guests. I will never come here again. The service is terrible.I have been a member at this pool club for over 6 years and it has gone to complete hell! It is disgusting to see what this place has become. It was once a nice relaxing place to hang out and get a drink when the membership fee was $500-$1000ish. Now it has become a cess pool of people from all over the area ever since they started selling day passes for a measly $30 or so. I believe the cops have already been called there a few times which I think is a first. It is only a matter of time before something bad actually happens inside or out front of the complex. Now let's get started on the remodeling they did. Lets face it, it's Philadelphia not Vegas or A.C so stop trying to act like it. The whole floor space around the pool, which was once chairs, is now full of cabanas and sweat covered couches. The members are now crammed upstairs and one side of the upstairs doesn't even have a pool view because the cabanas are blocking it. Unlike past years the waitresses used to come upstairs, now they just stand around downstairs looking like they are all on acid/molly trips. Over all the customer service is some of the worst I have ever experienced in my 31 years of existence. I'd say 98.9% of the workers could not even name the place that they are working at. If you have a question do not bother asking an employee because you will get a different answer from each one. For example, this past weekend a few of my buddies were in town and wanted to get a cabana. We were told a few different prices when finally I got to speak to a manager  who told me "they just make prices up as they go", that was probably not the best thing to tell a potential customer. In closing this place is a real eye sore for the NoLibs area and has become nothing more than a broke ass place for people who can't afford to go to Vegas, Miami, or anywhere outside of Philadelphia.Excellent addition to the neighborhood! Move over, Silk City, there's a new, bigger beer garden in town. Not only does Monarch have a great beer garden with 
swing seats around the bar, but there's also an inside restaurant lounge and a pool. The pool area, I believe, used to be North Shore. I never went since it was known to be exclusive to members only. But I was told by staff that day passes will be available for the Monarch Pool. The DJ for Saturday night was great and the crowd was fun. Now if only the weather would cooperate so the pool can be used...Very Impressed with the transformation to this space in Northern Liberties. Yes, the city is still doing some construction work nearby, but that is the city, and that was not going to stop me from going to Monarch. The bar in the beer garden looks great adorned with swings for seats! Chandeliers adorn the newly decorated dinging room! Like! The champagne list is great! Double like! 
But, the food and drink ..... really delicious, I ordered the Saint Monarch drink with a girlfriend and it came out in a large St Germain Carafe, we shared it, and I am now addicted to it! So refreshing! Our brunch food was really good, Huervos Rancheros (I am sure that is spelled wrong, no judging, lol) , the tomato soup and grilled cheese is amazing! The service wonderful, always making sure we were good and comfortable. Great up beat vibe here and living in the neighborhood, I think we needed this here! Friendly staff it seemed all around, great food ...I am ready to go back for those Biscuits! I am excited to see the updated fresh pool area when it opens! Great job Monarch Team and Welcome to the Neighborhood!Went here for Saturday brunch for a friend's birthday on 4/30...it was much better than previous reviews, apparently they've gotten it together a bit more since first opening LoL. The entrance is difficult to find, I pretty much guessed that it was old (most recent old, not old-old in the Piazza) Kings Oak and was right. $25 mimosa pitchers are now in clear pitchers. We saw the "new" menu and it's pretty standard brunch fare, but good. There's a DJ who starts around 1pm I think so if you're not looking to bop along to some music come before that. I love the decor in Monarch, complete 180 from Kings Oak. The outdoor area is really cute, there's swings at the outdoor bar.
My group enjoyed ourselves and I would definitely go back again.Tried this out last night with my family.  Had no idea what to expect.
First impression... Where's the entrance?  Construction fences still up -- I'm sure this will be rectified soon.  I walked up and had to ask verbally "Is this a strip club?"  The entryway was cast in weird red light.  It gave a really bizarre first impression. The slogan is "eat, drink, swim" Swim? Okay...  Loud club-like music at 7:15 on a Saturday.  Playing on all 15 TVs was a cleft-palate infomerical.  Very weird, disturbing, hard to miss.  Totally scaring the kids at the table next to me.  Told the waitress to change the channel but the nonsense continued for another 15 minutes.  Staff was totally oblivious.  HOW DO YOU MISS THIS?
Had the chicken wings and the goat cheese fritters for apps.  The wings were good. Meaty, basic Franks Redhot type sauce.  Decent appetizer. 
Cheese fritters were horrible.  Something in the fried batter tasty mold or very "earthy".  My suspicion is that the fryer oil was a bit dirty or rancid.  I detected hints of this taste in my chicken wings as well.
On to dinner.  I had the buttermilk chicken salad.  The chicken was fried -- again I tasted hints of this moldy taste on the chicken.  The salad had huge GMO grapes -- not cut in half so they "explode" in your mouth.  Not really pleasant.  Sweet mustard vinaigrette was too sweet.  
2 other family members had the burger and fries.  They didn't complain about them.  They looked tasty to me. 
Finally, another family member had the shrimp and grits.  Tasted a little to oily and greasy for my taste. 
The restaurant seems to be having an identity crisis -- I'm not entirely sure what atmosphere they're going for.  
Not a family restaurant, not even a casual eat with your girlfriend restaurant.  Some kind of strange overly loud music lounge is what they're going for.  Best of luck with your new restaurant -- I won't be coming back.I am actually here right now as I write this review. My waitress clearly did not know the difference between potato hash that's on the menu and home fries. She told us it was two different things then when the food came said oh yea it's the same thing. Strike one. Then after about a two hour wait our food finally comes out cold! Then it was mixed up. This service honestly sucked. The waitress asked us to wait a moment while she greeted another table before we ordered but we seen her taking their order. From the time we got here until our food came back for the second time horrible service. The only person with adequate customer service was the guy who brought our food out he was very nice, patient and mild mannered.  This food was ok but not worth the wait and all of the drama. The manager did come out and apologize for the service and mix up.First time visiting Philly and needed a place to eat brunch. We came across Kings Oak Tavern and from the website it looked good. HOWEVER being new to the city we had no idea that Kings oak tavern was now Monarch Philly. We couldn't find the venue due to the unknown name change and the construction happening in surrounding areas. The venom looks wise was nice. I liked the decor of the restaurant. But on the operational side, everything was a mess. The host has apparently called out and it took several moments until we got greeted and seated. Then once we sat down it took several more minutes before we had a waitress, drinks, and silverware. 
I ordered the big breakfast, two no taste waffles, two eggs, and hash browns. I also ordered a side of cheesy grits, which were amazing. The hash browns were oily and I wasn't really a fan. The waffles were nasty. They had no taste and when we told the waitress, she described that they were the traditional Belgium waffles made from Belgium beer and more yeasty tasting. That was clear but I wish I would have known before I ordered. 
The waitress was very accommodating. She took back everything we hated and didn't give us any troubles. It was clear she was new to waiting tables and new to the restaurant. But she did the best she could I guess. We waited a long time for our food and for the waitress to come get the bill. 
I think this place has a lot of potential. But I think they need a lot of work before the grand opening.Not the best experience to say the least...
We came here for brunch on a late Sunday morning. The decor and ambiance was nice and comfortable and there were only a few other tables seated. Upon being seated, the waitress was polite and took our drink orders...so far so good. 
We ordered some waters and orange juice. The juice came in a glass not much larger than a shot glass and was very dissatisfying. Tasted as if they filled the glass up with water and a splash of tang. Obviously we we don't expected freshly squeezed orange juice but not powdered juice. Quite pricy also for a very small glass.
The time frame we came in at was strictly brunch and the lunch/dinner menu did not start until 3pm. Understandable. Two people at my table had a taste for a grilled chicken sandwich an the waitress stated that it could only be served during lunch/dinner hours but would ask the kitchen. 
We then proceeded to wait for our food, in the mean time the waitress did confirm that they could order the chicken sandwiches...then we proceeded to wait some more...and, more...and more. Waitress had stopped coming to us to even ask if we were ok or to tell us if anything was wrong. Another table came in after us and received their food before us so at this point we were flustered and frustrated and starving. Finally asked the waitress to speak to a manager. Spoke with the manager and she was very polite and apologetic and offered to cover half the bill. She is the only reason I am not giving a 1 star. Finally the food came and it was lack luster. All the food came except for the chicken sandwiches.......
We were told that it was "forgotten" since it was a lunch menus item. So while we all ate, my 2 friends had to wait an additional 20-30 mins for their meals. We asked for the manager again and she proceed to take additional items off the bill. 
Heard the pool club was nice but never have been but I promise you we will never come back for brunch/lunch/dinner etc..Amazing brunch menu. The bartender's were great. Friendly and attentive. Looking forward to many more great times here this summer.They opened 5 days ago and they ARE NOT READY!!!! Staff doesn't know the menu, food comes out without utensils, and the place is literally hidden under a fence+ broken sidewalks.  Of course the person who took our reservation on the phone failed to mention this or how to find the place. 
We had a party of 4 and received 2 menus when seated  One menu was dirty and had dried red sauce on it. After mentioning this this to the server, she provided new menus....one that was dirty..AGAIN!
Our MIMOAS were served in a blue BUD LIGHT pitcher.  And out champagne glasses....plastic!!!So, Ive been a member for the last 4 years but heard they were allowing day passes with limited detail to go along with it without having to buy a membership. 
Well this place has literally turned into a joke. 1000 dollar cabanas??? Do they think this place is the Wynn encore Day Club? 1000. Dollars?  I can get a flight to vegas and back with hotel and pool acess for less than that... 
No chairs for day pass members even if you offer to pay for one. And there is 50 availbale all stuffed in a corner. Good thing i didnt drop 400 on a membership. Awful. Towels are 10 dollars to rent. No drink specials/buckets... food and drinks expensive... 
I thought this place couldnt get any worse until I walked into the new Monarch. Total money pit nightmare. Instead of dropping a 1000 here go to St. Barts. Much nicer...I would give this place 4-5 stars if it wasn't for the fact that their servers are extremely slow , there are rarely towels available , & the bathrooms never have soap other than that it's a great place to unwind and have a few cocktails by the pool with live musicUpdate: BEWARE.  This place only has 3 stars because (1) the decently rated reviews are for the restaurant, and (2) someone, I am guessing the current owner/promoter is having people rate this hot sewage hole 5 stars.  Take a look at the 5 star reviews this "pool" has gotten since it opened for the season in May:
Jenna D. left 5 stars. "Jenna" has been on yelp since July of 2017.  Jenna's only review is for this place.
Same with Anthony C
and Shana S (June 2017)
and Andrea C (3 reviews and on Yelp since May 201) Heck, Andrea may very well be a legit person; I'll give Monarch the benefit of the doubt on that one. 
I am updating because after the 2016 season, there was no way in hell I was going to buy a membership for 2017, but I was hoping against hope that I was wrong about the place and that maybe they got their sh!t together for 2017.  To that end, some friends and I (one of which was also a member up until this year) bought day passes and headed over with beach towels and magazines in hand.  It was a Sunday morning and there was no one around, but we were still met with velvet ropes and a bouncer dude who let us know that our day passes got us nothing except entry into the space and that we would not be permitted to use any of the lunge chairs.  Learning that we were expected to stand around on hot pavement or wait for one of the few seats at the bar for the entire time was upsetting.  Being told that we could not bring in our towels and would have to rent them for $10 bucks a pop was upsetting, but what came next was, by far, the most upsetting: some guy identifying himself one of the new owners came up to us and began to lecture us on how this was no longer a pool; it is now a "day club" and that we now had the opportunity to hang out at a "great club spot, like in Las Vegas."  The fact that this man stood a block away from a highway overpass and across the street from an abandoned warehouse with busted out windows at 11:30 in the morning saying this BS like he actually believed it was surreal.  Ultimately, we never went in; we got our money back and opted to go somewhere else.  Given what I've heard/read about what the inside is like now, it was clearly the right call.Went there on a Monday night, so I expected a lighter crowd.  The indoor bar area looks REALLY impressive.  Wait staff was sweet, but food/drink orders took forever - did I mention it was a Monday night?Night time/ Lounge review: Came in on a Saturday during their opening week. I love how this place is the best of every place combined. They have an outdoor beer garden equipped with a fireplace, lights, and swings! Inside there's three sections, the bar, bottle service tables, and then dance floor with more seating. The ambience inside is pretty chic with chandeliers hanging. The music that night was mostly hip hop, which I prefer. Drinks were affordable, brought a round of three drinks and it was $18. Can't wait for it to be warmer to enjoy the outside beer garden and pool.Really impressed with the new management, staff and atmosphere. The venue is beautiful and my friends and I are always well taken care of when we visit. Looking forward to spending the summer there with friends!Today (Sunday) was my first time coming to the pool party in Monarch. My girls and I had a blast. Great customer service and food was decent. Although there were more girls then guys I had so much fun and can't wait to return .Had brunch here with a bff... This place is quite casual. The staff was friendly and the food was ok. Next door adjacent there seems to be some type of pool where people frequent. There was music playing in the pool area, which was quite distracting if you wanted to have a quite brunch with friends. The food was good yet nothing to rave about. My bff had the quiche and I had simple bacon and eggs with french toast. This place is someplace that I would be open to explore again if I were in the neighborhood, but I don't have to rush to get back there.I want to love it here. I really do. They have a ton of potential! 
I'll start with the good. The decor both outside, inside, and in the back patio is amazing. Beautiful. Like I want whoever decorated this place to come design my house. Bravo. Very classy, yet quirky fun and inviting. We chose to sit outside in the back patio area which was perfect on a nice sunny day. We came for Sunday brunch. Menu was short and sweet, but had enough variety to please everyone in our group. We wanted to order the biscuits and jam as an "appetizer" and told that to our waitress... Who I'm guessing misunderstood and brought us out plain biscuits and butter instead. 
Meh. Got over it quick as we were starving and hungry for anything. We ordered a Bloody Mary pitcher and a mimosa pitcher. Bloody Mary's were strong... But simple and lacking any real zing. Mimosas I'm told were good. Service was slow and unorganized. 
I ordered the monarch Benedict which was delicious. The bacon was thick and full of flavor! Eggs were perfectly poached and the hollandaise was the bomb. The guys both got chicken and pancakes. The fried chicken I tried was perfect. Super crispy and moist on the inside. 
They use tablets as their POS system which I'm sure helps when this place is packed. You can tell it's the kind of place that hires waitresses simply off looks... Which is fine... But maybe work on polishing their serving skills as well. We were without silverware and straws for a while and she never returned with the straws. I'll give them some time to smooth out kinks. I'd love to love this place.The food is okay, but the service is terrible. Went there on Saturday for brunch and there was no one else in the restaurant. We had been waiting for about 25 minutes and hadn't seen our waitress so I went to the bar and there she was chatting with her friends and eating hashbrowns. 
We were there with a big group so at the end of the meal we got auto-gratuity added, and I decided to tack on just a little more so I added $2.00. They charged me $200 dollars tip! (For, have I mentioned, some of the worst service I've ever had) Worse yet, I have been calling and leaving messages for two days and no one will answer the phone or call me back. 
I used to bring a big group of friends here about once a month for their bottomless deal, but I will not be returning again after this incident.Went for brunch on last Saturday. The inside is really nice and was almost empty. The pool was full and there was a baby shower on the patio. The food was basic. Everything came out warm not hot, cheese softened not melted. And they were out of many items on the menu which I found perplexing since there were so few people there. No candied pecans...no wings for the chicken and waffles. The wait staff was friendly but not very attentive. We didn't get small things we asked for like coffee, butter, or water. In my group the chicken and biscuit was the best thing but be mindful that the fried egg that comes with it is sunny side up, the yolk is completely runny. It wasn't terrible but I won't be back.What is this dumb towel fee? Can't use my giant beach towel, but for ten dollars I can rent a towel that looks like a teenage boy used it during the years of 13-17, but good news if you return the j...ztowel you get 5 bucks back! The pool is full of bros who like to hit the beach balls out of the place (demonstrates strength/masculinity), which is why we can't have nice things. You can't use a card for admission, but you can use a card for the bar? 
However, if you like the whole Jersey Shore bro thing then this place is awesome. 
If that's not your bag, just wait until Francisville or Kingsessing or South street or Northern Liberties city pool opens---and they are free!I recently had a very strange experience at this restaurant.
On a warm mid-week evening, the place was entirely deserted.  It was positively post apocalyptic.
We elected to sit on the large, nicely appointed patio.  The swing set seating at the bar looks like fun, but was closed.  Most of the outdoor lighting was turned off, and when we asked them to turn it on, were told that the rest of the lights were burnt out.
Wait staff told us there were "lots of mistakes" on the beer list, but didn't expand.  We placed our beer orders and a few minutes later the server came back with 2 different beers from what we ordered, stating the cooler was down and these were on the house.
OK, so things were weird, but free beers, so...
Tacos were on special, so we ordered some.  They were ok.  We weren't brought any water or silverware.  Thanks to the free beers, the bill was really cheap, but I won't bother coming back here.
At least the company was good!Here's a quick story of what happened. I wrote this a week after that day I went in the beginning of July. 
 After this past Sunday, I made the decision that I would not return back to Monarch. I reserved a bed early Sunday afternoon and everything started off great! Our server was very attentive and kind. My sister ( who is a seasonal member ) and I ordered a bottle of champagne and bottles of water as well. Our champagne came out. No prob. It took about 30 mins for the second water bottle to come. And when it did the bottle water was hot. The ice that was in our champagne pail turned into water. We asked the pool guy who checked on us (not our server/ or a server) to replace our ice for our champagne pail. He agreed, but I think he eventually forgot. 
 About 45 mins passed. We were cool still. We approached the girl at the front to get our server since its been a while. Plus we wanted to order some food. 
So our server comes back, you can tell she was in the weeds and I understood. Didn't make it a big deal at all. So we ordered food and another bottle of champagne all at once. 
Again we asked for ice. 
Our 2nd bottle came out. Another server who wasn't our original server poured us half glasses of champagne each. Then put our open bottle in the pail with water and caused our bottle to spill in the pail. We JUST go this bottle.
Then our fries came and they were cold but we were starving so we ate them. Then maybe 30 mins later our wings came and they were so burnt I couldn't tell what they were. Even the server looked at them, and was surprised they even sent them out. She took them back and we ordered MORE food at that time. Over 45 mins passed and our server comes back and checks on us. Over that period of time we didn't receive any of the food we ordered. This whole time we just got one order of cold fries. Our server checked on the status of our food and tells us the kitchen 86'd all the food we ordered but never told her. Now being in the industry I get it but that isn't a customers problem. That's the servers and kitchens problem to communicate right. By now my sister and I are just hungry and mad. Our bottle issue wasn't resolved, we still didn't get more ice and there wasn't anymore food to order off the menu that we wanted. (We picked about 7 different things off the menu.) 
We were pretty fed up. No one really checked on us throughout the day. Our bottle spilled, no replacement. No napkins. No ice. No food, only cold fries that we waited over 45 mins for. On top of that the pool was dirtyyyy! ( How come I never see anyone cleaning that pool? Ever!) We were ready to go. We asked for the check. Now because we rented a day bed it was a $300 min to be spent. Our server said she couldn't close us out  because we were $30 away from the minimum. We explained we tried to spend that amount but between the server spilling our bottle, and the food we weren't going to meet that minimum. If our food would've came out we would have spent over $300. Our champagne was $150 each and we had 2 bottles. 
My sister asked to speak to a manager. He comes over as if we were bothering him and starts off with " We took 60% off your bottle of champagne what more do you want?" 
That just flipped the whole script. Not once were we rude, loud or anything to anyone that works there. We explained to him everything that happened. Then he laughed at our bottle spilling. He didn't offer us anything to accommodate us. Not a replacement, or some shots. NOTHING! He just told us since we drank two full glasses, and  ( which we didn't. The server poured us both half full glasses) he only can take off 60% of the cost of one bottle. He never apologized about ANYTHING! He said there was also no one else that we could to talk to and he was running the card for $300 no matter what. All while laughing at us. I was heated. I couldn't take him being condescending anymore and not listening to all the things that happened. And on top of that I still tipped our waitress, smh.
I been a paying member since the first year they opened. I also worked at their sister restaurant when it was Boardwalk. I believe I was very patient and understanding after all that happened. But the service is TERRIBLE. And management is 10 times worse. I rather drive to NYC for a roof top pool and pay their admission fee, tolls and gas than walk across the street from my home to go to this place again.I am addicted to the charged Caesar salad. I want one like once a week. The tomato soup is soooo good too! Looking forward to trying the other soups but I can't get away from this one right now. The ambiance is great. We love to come watch football here on Sundays, they try to play all of the  games  requested.Horrible!!!!!!! I made reservations based on it being the "cool" place to be!! I was wrong. Not only did they look shocked when I arrived but they had no idea where to seat us, the waitress took forever to come over. They didn't seat us in the inside seating area instead they wanted us to sit outside in the 95 degree heat. I will never patronize this establishment again!!!!