This is hands down the best vegan food in Philadelphia. The portions are more than generous, the food is always consistent, and the concept is so original! Go here now Philly... vegan or not, you will be satisfied!!!!Dining: outdoor dining only. The area is quite and nice. Tables are situated very close together 
Food: went with a vegan friend who ordered the fried chicken banh mi. She said the chicken was good, but the aioli sauce was a bit too buttery and not as savory or tart as she would've liked. The rigatoni was delicious and portion was very large. The sauce was not as thick as regular bolognese, which was actually nice. 
Service: considerate and attentive staff!We ordered the chopped cheesesteak, the truffle Mac and cheese, and a side of luchador fries. This was all very very tasty, and the people there were super nice too. Highly recommend.Oh wow. Great take out! Fast food styles with premium ingredients. I ordered the bah mi with chicken cutlets and it was divine.  Fresh bread with awesome chikin breaded cutlets, fresh cilantro, pickled veggies, cucumber, and an aioli cilantro Mayo. I can't wait to order from them again. Fast food properly made with no short cus and they do not skimp on portions. It was delicious. So much better then hip city vedge.Wow the pasta and fries I got were BOMB. That horseradish aioli was FIRE. I even goofed up and ordered something I was allergic to. But at pick-up, I asked about potential allergens and they replaced my meal. Really appreciated that.They have really great food and the customer service is excellent. We tried the Parmesan fries, bahn mi, and buffalo chicken egg rolls. Everything was great and the portions were generous. We will definitely be ordering from here very soon.Best sandwich I've EVER had- I was literally in awe. I got the General Tso's Chicken Cutlet Hoagie and it was so flavorful and delicious! Definitely going back next time I'm in Philly.I've passed by this place a few times and finally tried it out. Everything I got was incredible and delicious. I ordered the Italian sausage and pepper sandwich, a side caesar salad and the nutter butter beignets. Wow - the beignets were amazing, I'm sad there were only three because I wanted to  eat a hundred of them. The sandwich and salad were both also very tasty and I can't wait to order from here again. Next time, I will skip the delivery through Grubhub and order directly through the restaurant.This place is incredible!! We got the egg rolls and fries, perfect lunch. The food was hot and fresh. I recommend coming here and supporting this business. The staff was very nice as well!Incredible vegan spot - so glad I decided to stop in while roaming the city!  I was incredibly impressed with the flavors and comfort food feel to Monster's menu.  I tried the meatball parm sandwich, Parmesan fries and Caesar salad - all DELICIOUS!! The size of the sandwich was awesome and so hearty and worth every penny! I highly recommend!!gorgeous ambience with the sweetest staff. wonderful new wave music taste and the food is perfect. My friend and I had a wonderful experience. cant wait to come back !!! all the love!One of the best things about DoorDashing is that you learn about some of Philly's best kept vegan options. I think it's time to proudly promote some of those for vegetarians, vegans and even non-vegans. 
I can't say enough good stuff about Monster Vegan. My addiction of choice is the "chicken(less) cutlet" sandwich which could pass as the South Philly classic easily. But, due to the vegan twist and other great tasting additions, much, much better. 
Their Buffalo style and cheesesteak egg rolls are literally to die for as well. 
Monster Vegan is in the old Valanni space on Spruce and it currently doing take out and delivery only. Still a great space to enjoy though when the country is open for inside dining again.Amazing food and atmosphere! The penne pesto, meatballs, and cutlet sandwich are always on point! Can't wait to go back, this makes coming Philly even more of treat!Love love love the atmosphere here! 
First of all, I went at night and got there around 830. I was seated but it took awhile for me to even get a water. There was only about 2 other tables there so I didn't know what the hold up was, but it gave me plenty of time to review everything on the menu. 
I got a chicken rabe sandwich and the truffle fries. 
Amazing. 
The sandwich was later demolished by me omnivore bf. It was good. The fries has this horseradish sauce. Omg. To die for. 
There were candles everywhere and Friday the 13th was playing on a huge projector on the wall. 
This place was beautiful. I love it. 
I look forward to returning.Fabulous ambiance and decor. The staff members are pleasant and friendly. The service is also very quick, and it's a nice and clean place. Despite the food being healthy, it's really quite good. I personally love going here for lunch. I recommend trying the fried chicken sandwich or any of their sandwiches really.This is a great vegan restaurant! It's also not super expensive in my opinion for the amount of food that you get. I ordered the General Tso's hoagie and Island of the Living Dead cocktail and the French fries. I would get everything all over again. General Tso's hoagie comes with Brussels sprouts with this delicious sauce. The fries were super crispy and come with ketchup and an aioli that I can't stop thinking about. 
Our waitress told us that they plan on hosting events at some point in the future such as trivia, etc. I would love to come once this becomes available!Philly is lucky to have had a bunch of vegan restaurants open up in the last couple of years. Monster Vegan is the one has truly mastered the vegan "junk food" game though. At this point I have probably had 3/4 of the items on their menu and I can say that Monster Vegan hands down has mastered the "vegan food that tastes exactly like a meat if you didn't know." 
Highlights of the menu include the Chopped Cheesesteak (so good); truffle and luchador fries; cheesesteak/buffalo cheesesteak egg rolls; General Tsao's Chicken hoagie; and the whipped ricotta. Just totally nailed all of these vegan items.
Hope this place sticks around for a while and continues coming up with the creative vegan food they have!Another great vegan spot in philadelphia! You'll feel like your eating at Pat's! 
In all seriousness, this is a great find for anyone who likes the taste of meat with the benefits of going vegan!Absolutely excellent vegan comfort food and incredible customer service. 
Yelp wants me to write more, but why? 
5 star food and service. That's all you need. 
This establishment is vegan, local and delicious. Just go.All I can say is dammm
Food is delicious had the fried chicken sandwich 
It was worth the two hour drive 
Staff friendly and accommodating 
Will be back 
Thanks for a great dinnerAwesome spot, can't recommend it enough! Great location, great feel with both inside and outside seating. Food was incredible, I couldn't even tell the meatballs were vegan! For appetizers, our party got the fried mac & cheese balls, a meatball appetizer, and the truffle fries. The pesto meatball was so good I had to get the BAVA sub as my meal! The party also got a caesar salad with a "chicken" cutlet and the Kong burger. My girlfriend thought the salad was dressed perfectly -- not an overbearing amount of slimy dressing! The Kong burger was gigantic and half was taken to-go. The service was friendly and helpful. I am not even vegan and I enjoyed it enough that I'll be back!After 2 hours of indecisiveness regarding dinner, i put my foot down and decided to try something new. The Instagram pics on monster vegan combined with the wonderful reviews convinced me that this was the place! I decided on take out since covid is ramping back up. Monster Vegan did not disappoint. The Takeout process was seamless. I went simple and got the chopped ' cheesesteak' made with impossible meat.  It was delicious but there were some things that were strange. It was more like a cheesesteak hoagie since it had 1 tomato and 3 little lettuce flakes.  Next time I'll ask for extra sautéed onions and pickles (mine were missing). The bread and the sandwich were incredible. The bread is a work of art itself. I'll definitely be coming back... I think I'm going to try everything on the menu at least onceI came for the first time a few weeks ago after an afternoon wedding. A few of us got a bunch of different sandwiches to try which were all delicious (fried chicken cutlet, fried chicken banh mi, and General Tso'). All came out timely and were delicious. Stopped in again last week to get some more sandwiches and was sadly disappointed from beginning to end. I called ahead about 15 minutes knowing I'd be early. I was told sandwiches would be ready in 10 (GREAT!). Upon arrival there was no parking so I was double parked anxiously awaiting the food. Server was not busy and kept me waiting another 10 minutes over the estimated time. All smelled delicous and I was ready to eat. The fried chicken was still delicous; however, Caesar hoagies and Mac n' cheese weren't great. I was more disappointed in the lack of flavor in mac n' cheese.Really great vegan restaurant! Everything we ate was delicious! Portion size perfect! Food came quick and the servers were all lovely and cool! I was so impressed with the chic decor. Visiting from out of town it felt like a special spot. The lighting is low which is appreciated and the music was well curated the perfect volume (loud enough to feel clubby but not so loud you had to scream across the table). I'll be back! Maybe even a second tome on this trip! 
Get the ricotta it was da bomb!
The Caesar salad was a delight. 
If I had to critique anything it would be to increase the horror theme in the decor. I'd love to see more of that infused into this stylish spot.Got the cheesesteak egg rolls, meatball parm sandwich, fried chicken cutlet sandwich, and nutter butter beignets.  I couldn't believe these didn't contain any animal products, and I am an omnivore that leans way towards the carnivore side.  Everything was delicious.  Even as a non-vegan, this food was some of the best I've had.  Our server LJ was great.  Very attentive, friendly, and helpful.  I'd definitely come back here.This place rocks! Went with my husband for happy hour and loved everything. We are both vegan, and this place exceeded our expectations. For cocktails we had the blob-arita, the zombie beach party, and the exorcism drinks. All were delicious and well balanced. We split an order of truffle fries to start, and vegan horseradish sauce was bomb! Husband got spaghetti and meatballs, and I ordered the chicken Marsala. GUYS, the Marsala sauce was to die for! Portions were perfect and I was too full for dessert, but couldn't leave without ordering the Oreo beignets to go. We ate them for breakfast the next morning and let me tell you, you would have never guessed they were vegan. We can't wait to go back next time we are in the city and bring our non-vegan friends!Thee ABSOLUTE best guilty pleasure when it comes to comfort vegan food! The cheesesteak egg rolls, Buffalo chicken egg rolls, and Luchador fries are to die for! I'm so serious! Staff was very pleasant upon ordering in person for the very first time today as I typically order delivery online. However I will say the one server that stomped over to kicked us out of the outside dining area may have just been having a bad day so I won't hold it against her! Her approach was disconcerting. I guess we needed to pay the additional surcharge if we were going to dine in instead of doing take out. We saw a whole empty outdoor section upon leaving & changed our minds @ the last minute... end of the world, clearly! Otherwise definitely 4.5 's for sure! 2 's up!I'm not vegan and don't always look out for vegan places, but I thought give this place a shot with my friend who is Vegan! I have to say I loved it. Every bite was so good. We got the fried Mac and cheese balls, French fries, and I got the BAVA which is grilled meatballs smothered in vegan pesto. The texture and flavors were all wonderful. Service was great. Loved the fun Halloween theme when I went. Such a cute place. I would definitely go again - even as a non Vegan!I came here for a group dinner and again I have to say that this vegan place was not that great. The food was just so early and so heavy and I don't know if it's just a way to overcompensate for the fact that there's no meat but halfway through eating the dish I sort of struggled to finish. I ordered the buffalo chicken eggroll which sounds amazing but only halfway through you can literally squeeze the oil out of the eggroll. The Truffle Parmesan fries were pretty good. They were fresh and crunchy. The macaroni and cheese looked good the chicken cheesesteak and the fried chicken cutlet we're OK. I'm not super impressed with this place.I know folks are getting tired of hearing from me but I cant say enough about Monster Vegan. Whenever I think I've tried everything that's incredible on their menu, I try another item and I'm floored - again! Despite being "hooked" on the chicken-less cutlet, I forced myself to break away and try their cheesesteak and buffalo chicken egg rolls, truffle parmesan fries, and, for dessert, the Oreo beignets. If I'm asked what I can recommend, I honestly can't answer except to say Everything I've tried! I truly believe this place is heaven for vegans, vegetarians and non-vegans and vegetarians alike. 
In addition, as a horror fan, the T-shirts are the coolest ever!This spot is new & it's amazing!! I had the cheese steak egg rolls and they are the best egg rolls I ever had!! My friend dragged me to a vegan spot, I'm not vegan myself but these egg rolls are better than real meat with so much flavor.Monster vegan has quickly became not only my favorite vegan restaurant in the city, but one my favorite restaurant period. I have literally enjoyed everything I've ever gotten from there. The spicy rigatoni, the bava, and the meatball parm are INCREDIBLE. i absolutely love this place, every encounter with staff has been extremely pleasant. I can't wait to come back!This is excellent vegan food and they offer chickpea pasta which is very unusual.  If you have not made the switch to chickpea you need to it is much healthier than the wheat pasta which has been stripped of most of its fiber.  Any of their pasta choices are very good and the meatballs are so good I had someone ask was I sure it was Vegan.  Try it you will not be disappointed even if you never had vegan options for meat or cheese!Loved it!  The waitress Erica was amazing!  Very social and friendly.  The food was delicious and such generous portions. Nice stop on our Philly trip.It was VERY good. The hostess was able to accommodate each request, and SUPER friendly. Definitely excited to go back.Mac and cheese balls were everything and more!!!!! A bit disappointed with the General Tso's Cutlet sandwich. Don't know why it's associated with that name as it tastes nothing like the actual sauce. It was overly salty and Brussel sprouts didn't seem to pair well with the rest of the mix. I am excited to try more of what they offer here.literally i love this place- i could not say anything better. really good outdoor seating option, awesome menu, and fast service!Ordered the Bahn Mi and Sausage orecchiette. Both were delicious! If you're thinking the prices are slightly on the higher side (mostly for sandwiches) I'd agree completely. However, the portions of the food, especially for the sandwiches, makes up for it.
The sandwich was huge and the flavor matched it. Sandwich was great, pasta was good.
There's a lot of things I want to try so I'll definitely be back!This was the best philly cheese steak i've ever had! I landed at the airport and wanted to try an authentic one, but I'm also vegan so most people's eyes pop out of their head when I say that! It was so yummy and wasn't over priced for the portions! However I ate it so fast and had been traveling so long that I threw up! So I don't know if this was because of the quality of food, how it was cooked, or just my crazy stomach and a long day of travel! Either way it was so good monster vegan gets 5 stars from me! Glad I got to taste it twice haha!If you are in search of tasty comfort food this is the place!!  You must start with the egg rolls. I have only had the cheese steak one but imagine the other is equally delicious. Every time I go no matter what else I am getting I must have an order. Their sandwiches are fit for a hungry monster assuming they have a mature pallet. I strongly encourage the General Tso's hoagie. The Brussel sprouts and that sauce. OH EM GEEEEI've been here several times with my husband and then with the family. I love the food! I'm vegan and for everything to be 100% vegan is a win in my book. Everything I've tasted is delicious. From the cheesesteak to the macaroni balls so good. The Oreo beignets delicious. If you are on the fence about going vegan try this place out and you'll be sold. I hope the never close.In all honesty, I think this place is way overpriced.  I dislike the fact that businesses are using "vegan" as a way to price gouge when veganism means more than that, it's not a trend. I would suggest the owners to add quantity to its meals to make up for the price (like sides). I think "The Kong" is the only one with fries but it's not worth its cost because it comes with barely any fries. I do have to say that their vegan cheesesteak rolls are amazing, however only 2 come for $11. The Fried Chicken Cutlet has a weird after taste (it might've been the broccoli arabe), I would not recommend it, nor would I recommend the Fried Mac and Cheese Balls. They don't have that "amazing" taste. My biggest issue with this place is their prices/quantity. There's tons of better vegan restaurants that aren't as overpriced and even serve you more food.I would recommend The Colonial Diner in NJ, the food is pricey but it's completely worth your money. They also have tons of vegan options, and it's a more convenient spot. Also, the servers are very friendly. 
SUMMARY:
The Kong - Yay but not the best imo and way overpriced
Vegan Cheesesteak rolls - yay yay but not worth $11 or add an extra cheesesteak roll then it would be worth $11
Fried mac and cheese balls - nay nay nay (the red sauce ruins them)
The Fried chicken cutlet - nay (bad after taste)This food was mind-blowingly good. Ordered the Kong and the cutlet sandwich with the garlic aioli. The Kong was incredible- the char taste on the burgers was fantastic and the cheez sauce was outta this world. Loved the cutlet as well. Everything exceeded my expectations. I will definitely be ordering again!!So excited about this place. Everything great so far and there's lots more on the menu I want to try. Reasonably priced , creative vegan food. This city needs this!Great delivery of vegan foods. Nice cheat meals for vegans. Huge selection, everything's delicious. They know which 'meats' to use, definitely did their homework.Probably the best vegan food I've ever had. Pasta is phenomenal, vegan or non-vegan and the portions are generous.To set things straight, I am a total carnivore.  When my friend, a lifelong vegetarian, suggested eating at Monster Vegan I reluctantly agreed.  To my surprise, I had the best Philly cheese steak ever.  It was light with an amazingly real (non vegan) cheese sauce.  I gobbled the entire sandwich and did not feel like I needed a 3 hour nap which usually happens after the real deal (non vegan cheese steak).  This was such a wonderful surprise.  Doesn't mean I'm a convert but it helped me to be open to try many more vegan alternatives.Dear Monster Vegan,
I've never been a fan of monsters, but I am a fan of you. All your food is scary good! The only thing that makes me sad is that you aren't open on Mondays. Boooo! 
Okay, I'm all punned out.  Seriously though, this place, their food, hands down the absolute best vegan spot in Philly (I've been to them all). Don't get me wrong there are some other amazing vegan spots but Monster Vegan takes the cake because not only is their food delicious but they give you hefty serving sizes. Other vegan spots may have good food but their portions are small and their prices are high (e.g., Bar Bombon). Monster Vegan hits it on the nail. I've tried, embarrassed to say, the majority of their menu. Nothing has disappointed. My favorites are definitely their cesar salad, oreo beignets, pasta bolognese is soooooooo good (my favorite)and their general Tso sub, just divine. They're food is insanely good and I've yet to be disappointed with anything on their menu.I love it here! Tried Monster Vegan on DoorDash the first time I ate from here and I enjoyed the sweet sausage and pepper sandwich which was VERY filling and super flavorful. Today I stopped in the restaurant and the ambiance was really nice, loved the theme and how friendly the staff were. I tried the spaghetti and meatballs with the addition of some vegan sausage which is also really big in portion size as I thought the two meatballs wouldn't be enough but I guess my eyes were bigger than my stomach lol. My friend had the Kong burger, good, however, kind of messy and I didn't really care for the bread it was served on but I'll definitely be back to try something new next time!The spicy rigatoni was good but the roasted beet salad was not fresh. The kale was soft and wilted..I shared it with another nurse at the hospital and we  were very disappointed . It's hard to disappoint hungry Nurses.....Everything about this place is top tier. Traveling from Los Angeles and was looking for vegan food in the area. Came across Monster Vegan and just had to see what it was about. The most difficult part about this restaurant is deciding what to order because everything looks so appetizing!!! Decided to go with the Vegan Cheesesteak; a classic veganized, and with each bite I was hooked. On the side I had the Luchador Fries and had the same experience. Would recommend this restaurant for anybody traveling to the city no matter what diet you follow. Can't wait to eat here again !Three words.. Cheese steak rolls, they are absolutely phenomenal.  Super hot when they first come out, mouth watering deliciousness OMG. Go try it I promise you will not regret it.Monster Vegan is the TRUTH. The cheesesteak is an amazing substitute for the real thing. The Vegan Parmesan Truffle Fries with the Horseradish Aioli is on point!!! Staff is very nice and very helpful. You won't be disappointed.Easily the best vegan spot ever: notes from a non-vegan!
I was really excited to try this place, as my girlfriend is vegetarian and I'm trying my best to limit meat consumption (and hopefully, will cut it off entirely). I gotta say, if I ate Monster Vegan every day, making the transition would be a breeze. The food is absolutely delicious, creamy, and flavorful. The truffle Mac and cheese was so cheesy and to our delightful surprise, served with crunchy bits on top. I can't believe how creamy it was. Then we moved to the Kong (double cheeseburger with impossible meat), all the fixings, and the crunchiest French fries. Ugh! The juicy was dripping right off the burger. The fries were cooked to perfection and came with packets of ketchup. Everything was so yummy. 
We couldn't help but order the nutter butter beignets either. They came with chocolate syrup and were so good. Wow! Not to mention, the place is so cute, everything is packaged well, and the service is friendly. Absolutely move go.We started our night at the bar and the server forgot to ask us about drinks did 10 minutes. When she finally asked us the drinks were good.
The food here is really great, my wife and I got drinks and great food. The pasta and chicken sandwich were both amazing. 
However, the service was awful. The appetizers came out before the drinks, and we had to
Wait forever for our food. There were plenty of workers, and they all seemed to be hurrying about to do nothing.
When it came time to pay, getting the bill was almost impossible. They seemed to not want our money...
Overall great food, but garbage service with employees that need training....This is the best Vegan restaurant Ive ever been to. Ive never seen so many good options at a vegetarian/vegan restaurant. The meatballs, ricotta, and sandwiches are a must try for all the vegans out there.Best vegan place I've ever been to! (And I am not vegan ) LOVE it. So so good! Starting with the cocktails and ending with the service. And The food is absolutely delicious! Must goDecided to give Monster Vegan a try today after passing it numerous times and making a decision to Make Lunch Great Again. I haven't gone out to lunch (or gotten takeout) on a work day in over a year! That had to change.
I ordered online for pickup through their website. I was disappointed that the mac n cheese balls were out, but I didn't really need allll of that for lunch anyway. It was hard to choose between the various "chicken" cutlet sandwiches but I ultimately picked the General Tso's, with a side Roasted Beet Salad (sans almonds because they don't like me), and Nutter Butter Beignets because why not also treat myself to dessert for lunch. The website said it would be about 20 minutes. I think I arrived about on time (admittedly went for a little stroll around the block first!) but it still took another 5-10 minutes for my order to be ready when I got there.
The food was amazing. The sandwich was huuuge and full of flavor, so much so that a dribble of oil and sauce was running down my arm while I held it up to eat. The nutter butter beignets were a nice treat, and I am glad the portion size was small because those pack a lot of sweetness! I ended up eating the salad later for dinner because I was stuffed from the sandwich. I actually didn't know I liked kale until today. I thought I hated it and so when I first opened the salad, I was thinking to myself "oh no, you didn't read and it's got all this kale" BUT ACTUALLY it was pretty bangin'. It was a huge salad for being a side portion size. They probably could have taken half the kale out and it would have been just fine.
Overall: food is amazing, but VERY filling and the sandwich was just a tiiiny bit too oily/wet for me (but that's way better than a dry sandwich). That combined with my order taking a little longer (unexpected for a lunch takeout spot)... I'd give it a solid 4 stars. I'm sure I'll be back!We had a great Lunch from Monster Vegan.  We both got the Vegan Ban mi and a chocolate chip cookie.  Ordering online was easy, and pickup (minus trying to find a parking spot) was seemless!There cheese steak roll is so good and the chicken pattie sandwich. So good. Can't wait to try the other food!!This place is great! Just slyly snuck in while Valanni has been on hiatus and has been rocking the vegan food. FYI it is take out only. I feel like their mission is to show that vegan food can compete in the arena of comfort food and they are doing an awesome job. 
So far I've had the chicken sandwich "the monstrosity" with with the sausage gravy and greens, the kong (think cheeseburger), the truffle fries and the egg rolls(Buffalo chicken and cheesesteak). They also have pasta which I'd like to try. 
First off, the condiments alone are pretty excellent. The horseradish aoli and the "blue cheese dressing" were tasty! I loved the kong - if you want a cheeseburger and fries, it really hits the spot. They know which vegan meat to use where. For example, they use the impossible patty which I think tastes a little better than the beyond, but they use the beyond Italian sausage for other dishes which is really good. ( I recommend the beyond sausage for your own cooking purposes, it is that that good). The fries are awesome, and not too truffley, which I think is a good thing. 
The stuff I was less crazy about, in the case the chef wanted to know my humble opinion, is that when it comes to vegan cheese, a little goes a long way. When I make vegan pizza, I put less cheese than I would with normal cheese. It comes across a little too unctuous and a little unpleasant, which I only really found with the egg rolls. I think if they pulled back on the vegan cheese, it would still be plenty indulgent without going overboard, imho. 
If you are or AREN'T vegan, TRY this place!!! You'll love it.Awesome food that satisfies the vegan taste. Every dish is done with care - comfort food at its best!My friends and I got takeout from Monster Vegan for takeout dinner on a Friday night and LOVED it! We got a bunch of things and split them, so all in all I tried:
- The Kong (two impossible beef patties, housemade cheddar cheese sauce, lettuce, pickles, tomato, red onion, and special sauce on a rustic roll with a side of fries)
- The Fried Chicken Cutlet (seasoned soy fried chicken cutlet, french baguette, broccoli rabe, roasted red peppers, sharp parmesan, and horseradish aioli)
- The Monstrosity (fried chicken cutlets, impossible sausage gravy, sauteed garlic spinach, and sharp parm on a french baguette)
- Cheesesteak Eggrolls (two eggrolls with impossible beef, homemade sharp cheddar cheese sauce, peppers & onions)
Everything was delicious, but my favorite was The Kong - it seemed like the impossible beef patties were charbroiled which made their flavor absolutely DELICIOUS.
We are already so excited to get takeout from Monster Vegan again soon! Definitely recommend checking them out for some seriously tasty vegan eats.This Illy Philly went home for a few days and I was so pleased to discover some vegan spots to include to my Illy Philly roster of goodness and heaven for your vegan palates....
Monster vegan came up on my Google search and I was so pleased with this result!!!
Monster Vegan offered ambience, a beautifully trained staff who were super nice, super polite and sooo accommodating!!!
The menu offers were out of this world and I had so much trouble making choices because it all sounded so gooood!!!
I ordered  Italian Wedding Soup,  Truffled Alfredo Pasta,  Truffled Mac & Cheese (yes, I love everything truffled!!!), Philly Cheesesteak,  and Oreo Beignets.....OMG!!!! It was alll good! All.Of.It! And no, I did not eat it all in one night, lol! It even microwaved well!!! I cannot wait to go back home and sit in and have a great meal, in a great place, surrounded by Vegan Monsters!
One to definitely add to my favorites!
Go and visit Philly and have a scary good meal at Monster Vegan!Excellent service. We accidentally came right before close (don't do this) and of course apologized and immediately went to leave. The staff insisted we stay and eat. We ordered quickly and scarfed our food down, which wasn't hard because everything is incredible. The drinks are awesome too.