I never order from this place do to 2 pizzas and French fries costs an arm and a leg they have no good deals, Their pizza when ever I do a walk in is always dry and burnt its always sitting on those trays for long periods of time the cheese on the pizza mine as well have mold on it the chicken on my buffalo pizza is dry along with the sauce was like paste. Only thing I did like were their fries fresh and crispy.I really don't understand all the great reviews for this place. The guy who answered the phone was rude. I should of just hung up but I didn't. The food came quick and was hot but that's about all that I can say was good. The cheese on the cheese fries was nasty. It tasted old and like it was reheated many many times. As for the pizza... The crust was nasty. We ordered a white pizza with what was suppose to be fresh tomatoes. Let me tell you they were not fresh. The food is mediocre at best. Maybe they were having an off day but I wasn't impressed.Just moved to the north east and was looking everywhere for a decent pizza place! Finally found one. I wouldn't go anywhere else.Came here with one of their regulars and was a fan. For the price you can get a pretty tasty and filling meal. The special I ordered came with a glass of wine so that's not something you see everyday. I also thought our waitress was very nice and casual, which I thought was refreshing.Eaten there many times and food is always excellent. Waitstaff always friendly, and always leave with leftovers.Pizza was good.
Hot Wings were terrible! Asked repeatedly for HOT wings. They barely had any sauce on them.Very  good 
 The place is nice in the inside   People are friendly and so far the food is good.
    The only bad part is they only take cash and they only deliver til 4pm.I have been going to Montesini's for over 25 years. Same Italian family running and serving my favorite pizza. They are very supportive of my old grade school which my kids now attend. Their pizza is like a Neapolitan style with an nice thin crispy crust, however not to thin. Just right if you ask me. I also like the buffalo shrimp. Cash only folks. Don't bring your Cards.Great food! Local food service as well. They have good service and are friendly. My ownly problem is they stop delivering at four. Stay until 8:00 and I'll give five.
The French Fry CriticI'm gonna keep this short. Reason being because this place is great! Great food, great prices, and it only around the corner for me!I had no idea this place was here!  Pizza is absolutely delicious, also ordered chicken parm
Sandwiches and a chicken Alfredo platter....all looks
Super good!!!Good pizza.  If I could give 3 1/2 stars I would, but I can't and won't go 4 stars (it just didn't justify 4 stars).  Thin crust, tasty sauce/cheese, but seemed a bit salty (no I don't add salt).  I'd return.I really wanted to like this place, the cheesteak pizza looked amazing, but unfortunately the overly salty cheese was just too much.Ive been coming here since I was a child.
Hands down the best pizza you can get in Mayfair. The restaurant lacks a little but the pizza is incredible.Awesome pie and pasta! Staff are cool and soccer is always on the tv.  Beer is available.My family and I have been eating at Montesini's for years.  The food is good, like their pizza and bruschetta very much!They have some of the best thin crust pizza. I don't usually eat thin crust except for here and Tony's place. Montesini's has the best buffalo chicken pizza, and they actually make it right. Most places put sauce on it, but it should only be buffalo sauce, chicken, and cheese. Having sauce on it ruins the taste. Montesini's also has great stuffed pizza. The cheese steak pizza is so good. Give them a try!Stoped by Montesinis for a quick lunch the other day while in the area. I haven't been here in quite some time, well over 15 years. The place is still the same! Literally! Nothing has changed.
I ordered 2 slices and soda, came to $7.00, not bad. Their pizza is still as good as I remembered. I went with a plain and buffalo chicken. The plain was spot on, crispy and cheesy. The sauce to cheese ratio was perfect. The buffalo chicken was a tad too dry and the crust was overly hard. Still a good slice overall though. I won't wait as long to stop back in.I live down the street from Montesini's and it is ALWAYS my go-to when I'm craving any sort of takeout. Their pizza tastes great and the slices are large. They're onion rings are to die for! They are made the way real onion rings should be. They are huge onion slices that are crunchy when you first bite in and then the fried outer exterior just flakes off into your mouth. Personally, I love dipping them in a side of Cheese Wiz. I have tried many different food items from here...garlic bread, cheesesteaks, hoagies, stromboli's, calzone's, stuffed pizza...you name it and I've tried it. It's all delicious. 
They also have seating available if you prefer to dine-in. The only downside to them is that they don't deliver and they only accept cash (there is, however, an ATM on the premises if needed). I hope this will eventually change because I feel like I would order from there more often if I knew I could be lazy and stuff my face from home :)Great pizza. I am not a fun of pizza at all. Not the healthiest option on my list, you know. But I've heard a lot about this place. And... We all like to be a little but sinful. For instance, to eat pizza once. Their Montesini special thin crust is something really exceptional. We ordered medium, and for two people it was more than enough.
Crust! Oh my goodness! This paperthin crunchy crust! How are they doing it? Perfect valance of sauce, cheese and dough. 
We definitely will be back to try other pizzas.Definitely one of my favorite places for a slice of pizza! They offer a great variety of slices for you to order for take out or eat in. Try their stuffed pizza. Absolutely delicious! 
Aside from pizza they have a full menu of great Italian fare. The dining room in the back is so romantic and quiet. But it fills up fast so get there early. 
Everyone is so friendly. Even the other customers. But hey who wouldn't be happy when they are eating good food. They have recently started delivering Monday thru Friday from 11:30am to 3:30pm. I noticed on the menu there are numerous lunch and dinner specials. And they offer on site and off site catering. 
No wonder montesini pizza has been open since 1985. Family owned and operated definitely makes a difference. 
Oh I almost forgot. They have 6 packs to go and serve Draft and bottle beer in the back dining room.I haven't been to this place for years because I no longer live in the area.  As a child, this place was a staple pizza place for my family and friends.  We would walk over and I would spend my weekly allowance on a slice of stuffed pizza.
When I had the stuffed pizza it was as good as I remembered.  It's basically a combo of a cheesesteak and a pizza and it's glorious!  It has nice hard crispy crust and is loaded with ooey gooey cheese and chopped steak. One slice is enough to fill you up.
If you'd rather have the classic cheese pizza you can order a combo.  For $5.50 you can get two slices and a medium soda.
I hope I am in the area again soon so I can stop by.Stopped here for some pizza while in the neighborhood. We don't live close by, just happened to be in the area. It was decent but not outstanding. Cash only- they acted like we should have known that when we pulled our card out. There is an ATM
In the restaurant.  I wouldn't make a special trip back.Mamma Mia!!!  The best chicken parmigiana ever!  Huge dinner platter.  Def def worth it.  
Fast  and friendly service.  
07/21/2016hands down Montesinis is one of the best pizzerias in the area and Ive been to many...Very people friendly!It was good just wish the crust was thinner I hate doughy pizza. Also could've used more sauceIt has been a while since I have been here because I moved out of the neighborhood, but whenever I get the chance to come by and grab a slice of the cheesesteak pizza-- I do!. 
The best thing about this place is the cheesesteak pizza slices, they taste exactly how they used to when I was a kid and I am never disappointed. 
The neighborhood had changed a lot, but this restaurant is one of the few that still exist which to me is impressive. The displays are still the same and the decor is as well, so, over the span of the past 15+ years this restaurant remains the same, whether that be a bad thing or a good thing, I don't know. 
On this visit, I came in with my mom and sister for lunch since we were already in the area visiting an old friend. We were seated quickly and ordered right away. The waitress was just okay, well she forgot to put out place settings and utensils for us and was too busy talking to the other staff and texting on her phone to notice we haven't ordered drinks yet and she kept disappearing. 
Once the food came, I was a little happier cause I was satisfied with what I ordered, but the service was crappy. Getting a refill was near impossible, and she had this attitude as if we were bothering her. I hate that type of service, like why work there if you can't be courteous to your patrons. 
The next time I go in, I will order to take out, because the last few times i went in the service was terrible.Great family business. You can tell all the food is made with love! The pizza is so yummy from plain,  to buffalo chicken, to white pies with broccoli and spinach. The entrees are always hot, fresh, and sleep-inducing! The servers are always attentive and quick as well. Keep it up Montesini!When talking about Family is everything, this place is second to none. Same staff since I have be coming here in since grade school. Not only same staff but same top quality ZA. 
Finding a good slice of pizza in Northeast Philadelphia is not an easy task but let me tell you one thing MONO has to be your go to! Whether you order a slice of plain or Stuffed (cheesesteak pizza) you will not be disappointed. 
The younger man with black hair working the pizza counter moves around the place like he is a veteran stock broker on New Yorks Wall Street market, pulling pies out of the oven while taking order, it's truly amazing. Never had a bad slice of ZA from this joint. 
This place is great for a first date, the back of this restaurant, feels like you are sitting in your Italian grandmothers dinning room! 
When Mono pie hits your eyes, it AMORE!
EnjoyThis is a top notch place for high quality Italian dishes and pizza. Fine dining in a casual atmosphere. Our favorite dish is eggplant florentine. The pizza is excellent.When someone gives me a recommendation for chicken parm I usually listen. But this one was in Mayfair and in some run-down shopping center so my skepticism was certainly on high alert. 
I was in the mood for some chicken parm so I decided to get takeout cause I certainly wasn't eating in there. 
For 12 bucks they certainly give you a very large portion it included soup or salad I chose the soup and I got escarole. It also came with a garlic bread stick and spaghetti. 
I also for science sake grabbed a slice of pizza to test out. 
The pizza slice was pretty solid actually. I was surprised. It looked like it was sitting there for a bit so I didn't think it was going to reheat well but it did. Good taste, nice crust. 
Now onto the meal. I don't like spaghetti but I tasted it anyway. I guess it's okay this is from someone who doesn't like spaghetti. 
The garlic stick didn't have quite enough garlic flavor to it, but it was soft and I took a bite that was enough. 
My soup was good, it needed a little bit more seasoning but it was still homemade and decent. 
The chicken parm was very surprisingly tasty. Wasn't quite crisp enough for my tastes but it was a nice large tender piece. The sauce was very good, plenty of cheese coverage. Would have preferred a little bit more crispness to it. 
Would I go back here again, probably not. Such a dumpy shopping center which turns me off quite a bit and it's not near me at all. But I want to say I was very surprised that the chicken parm was pretty good and if I lived around here I would be here regularly.1st and LAST time here,Pasta was ok, the meat sauce was burnt, but was what was expected from a pizza joint, i go to pay, give her my credit card, tells me only CASH, she told me theres an ATM up front, so on top of this inconvenience they want to charge me $2.00 to get cash to pay my bill, its 2017, i dont carry cash, such BS, last time I'll visit,I would give 3 and a half if I could, on Jersey Pizza rating scale, but NE Philly pizza is so bad, that the half star goes to the best around.
The crust had a nice texture and the mix of cheese sauce and sausage was close to perfect. I would get it well done next time for a crunchier crust, but that's my call and not the restaurants.
Plus the have excellent deep dish as well.I love the food, especially the pizza here but wow are the employees rude as can be. Went in today for a couple slices. Not busy. Stood for over 5 minutes without being addressed. Then 2 men came in and were helped immediately. Walked out and will not be back!!!We have loved their pizza for years but tonight we decided to try their pasta and we were very disappointed. We ordered the chicken Alfredo and Chicken Marsala. The chicken Marsala didn't even look like chicken Marsala. There was no Marsala wine in it. The alfredo sauce was very watery and bland. The chicken was bland, no season and didn't even look grilled. The salad smelled funny and we come to find a spoiled tomato and browning lettuce. The only thing that was half way decent was the mozz sticks. This was definitely not a good delivery or dinner experience with them. I think from now on well just stick with pizza, the only reason I gave a 2 out of 5 was for that.Great service and the food has a great taste tonight and I would recommend Montesini Pizza . Tonight I had Chicken Alfredo Pasta and Slice of Stuff Pizza .Saw this place while shopping across the street at that new Asian supermarket and wanted to give it a try. We walked in to pick up our order and was greeted right away. We ordered the calzone, cheese pizza and some cheese fries. The calzone is pretty good with all that cheese!! It hit the spot. Cheese fries came in those red and white trays like how you get at school which seems to always make food taste better somehow. Anyways I haven't tried anything else yet but I'm pretty sure we will be back soon!THE BEST RICOTTA CHEESE PIZZA EVER! I've been in NE Philly for almost 11 years. I finally found a pizza/restaurant to recommend! This pizza is EXCELLENT! Baked to perfection! The pie crust is awesome! The people I spoke to on the phone were so pleasant. The gentleman who delivered was also pleasant and had a huge smile! I can't say enough good things! Please go to Montesini's! You won't be disappointed. I'm 63 years old. I appreciate great food and great people! I can't wait to try more food from here. Thank you! Be safe!My son had a great report today and he said good can we get Montessini's. How could I say no. I love the pizza almost as much as he does. Many times after years in business things change but this place is still as great as it was when I was a kid. No pics today because we devoured it too quick.Just finished work and was in the mood for Stromboli. I ordered the "special Stromboli ", loaded with steak, peppers, onions, mushrooms and cheese. OutstandingFood was delicious and wonderful the customer service was excellent however when I got ready to pay they said they do not take any debit or credit cards hey wait they have an ATM but to my chagrin do use of the ATM was $2.25 I'm sure if they use square or some other form if that would except Apple Pay or the like we would not be ripped off the customer for $2.25Very disappointed, I got it delivered tonight for the first time ordering from there and my pizza was over cooked and cold . After couple bites I threw it all out. I feel fooled by other reviews , it was a plain pizza and cost 13 bucks. Also got fries and they tasted soggy.This is my once a year ... actually once every few years stop. Been coming here off and on since I was a kid mainly for a slice of that one and only Stuffed Pizza. It's really that good. Funny thing is, I still don't know what the hell it's even called on the menu. 
Brought my son here yesterday for old times sake. "I used to get brought here..."
He liked it just as much as I did and actually said it (plain pizza)tasted just like Aldo's (NE Philly) that's saying something. 
They have a decent dining area in the back if you prefer to have a waiter along with a laid back experience. 
Or if you're looking just to have a quick bite and bounce. There's a few tables located up front near the pizza display case.
Check this place out. It definitely deserves more attention and some kind of "Best of Philly" award for that stuffed pizza. 
Btw the stuffed pizza is loaded with a variety of cheeses and Steak. (In case you're wondering)I was in the area and had a few minutes g for lunch. I heard that Montesano had good pizza so I ordered a mushroom and pepperoni to go. They had just pulled a tomato pie out of the oven, so I grabbed a slice while waiting. It was a great decision, the tomato pie was great and the mushroom and pepperoni was outstanding. Fresh ingredients with a crisp crust. A must if you are in the mood for great pizza.Great food. More of a dinner spot than a pizzeria. The sauce is delicious. I recommend the pasta dishes and Strombolis.Plain HORRIBLE. This pizza was burnt, hard, and had absolutely no taste! I ordered a pepperoni and sausage pizza and it was the worst pizza I've ever had. I also ordered buffalo chicken wings and they were uncooked and super nasty. They tasted like they were refrigerated and then heated up by how plain they were. Disappointed!This turned out to be the weekend of Northeast Philly.  After a long day Montesini Pizza was the cheesesteak to me.  When did Montesini get the Montesini special cheesesteak.  It comes with mushrooms, pepper, fried onions and sauce.  The sauce is ladled on top.  There were a lot of peppers in a cheesesteak. They gave it a lot of flavor but also gave it a lot of juice.  We would have had a roll blowout but I ate the cheese steak from the bottom. This Cheesesteak had a lot of flavor, a nice nicely toasted roll but was a touch small.First time ordering from here and the pie took over an hour to deliver. Mind you my house is exactly 3 blocks from the shop. Good thing it was still a little warm and actually tasted pretty good.Super good italian food. I wish the pizza wasn't so greasy, though, it makes the cheese slide off almost immediately and it's hard to handle. However the mozzarella sticks were very tasty with a good serving of fresh cheese! And i especially liked the dough/pizza crust. Will be back to try more.The food was absolutely delicious and even better people.  Once they found out about my wife's fathers passing, they wouldn't accept our money in our time in need, cant beat that. Needless to say they gained lifelong customers from the gesture.Best Pizza in the area! I've eaten in the back once when ordered a meal but I really believe the way to go is the pizza. The pizza has been the same for years- excellent. My kids love going in here for broccoli slices. I personally like either tomato slice or just pepperoni. They also make these dough balls that are sooooo good!Here again for another quick slice. Love their pizza, no pics today cause we ate it already. They now serve beer which they didn't used to years ago.Good pizza and steaks ... horrible soup..really confused how bad it was...chicken noodle taste like water and escarole... just don't even bother it's just seaweed water (what it taste like)with a few pieces of their pizza sausageI moved out of the area about 7 years ago and have not found a decent place near me for pizza or cheesesteaks and making them at home just isn't the same . The last time I ate at Montesini Pizza was about 5 years ago, but I drove (45 minutes) to Mayfair today and bought a cheesesteak w/fried onions and a slice of pepperoni pizza. Both were as delicious as always. The pizza crust was crispy and fresh tasting, the cheese was just gooey enough and the pepperoni didn't overpower or over grease the slice. The Cheesesteak was phenomenal. The meat was flavorful, the cheese was melted into the meat, the onions cooked just right. The roll was so incredibly fresh and I have to add that the entire cheesesteak was juicy but NOT greasy at all.  Please support this local eatery. (no photos because I ate it too quickly)
Update 11/03/20: I just re-heated the second half of the cheesesteak (45 seconds in microwave) and it tastes just as delicious as it did last nightMontes has been up there for best in NE for years it's always Gino's, Montes, Vinces. Montes was my number one but they by default now undercook the pies they started that in the past year or 2. So ask for it well done it might be a little too burnt but it's the closest you get to old Montes close enough for it to be a 4/5. they know it's better in the oven longer cause they tried to give Dave Portnoy a more well done pie in the middle of his review so I don't know why they don't just by default cook it for longer like the way it was.Stopped in had a couple slices and they were real good ..crew is very friendly and clean looking so is dining areas .
Big menu reasonable prices .
If i lived near by i would definitely frequent this place or order from.
Nice shopping center ..to bad looters hit most of it .
Next to planet fitness .anybody deserves a slice after a workout .This place has really lost its touch, they cant even get a simple cheeseburger done. (See pics for the world's thinnest Cheeseburger, on a stale roll) The table we sat at was filthy, my Daughter actually had to clean it herself.  The fries were dry and cold. I had a bad meal once or twice here mixed in with some Fabulous visits, but I hear by throw in the towel with this place now. The pizza is still pretty decent, however decent pizza is a dime a dozen. Save your money on this once, pretty good restaurant.Ive been coming to Montesini's since I was a kid and it still holds the title of my favorite pizza place. The pizza is awesome and the service is great. Whether you are stopping in for a slice or choosing to dine in their back restaurant area Montesini is an excellent choice. I plan on coming back any time Im in town. If only they delivered to California;)