I've eaten here a couple of times with a Groupon. Some things are really tasty, others miss the mark just a little. Samosas are really good, but the Dal dish I had was just lacking something I couldn't quite put my finger on. Chicken curry was great. Service is very friendly and attentive. Given the out of the way locale (for me), not sure I'd venture back without a Groupon, since Tiffin is much closer. Also, the space is a little weird, if you're big on ambiance. It's separated from the lobby of a condo by a glass wall and It has a very 'industrial' feel to it. Not quite what you'd expect.Some of the best Indian food I've had. I've tried a lot of places and only 1  other has come close to comparable. Chicken is actually moist here! Food is fresh and spices are aromatic.  I've dined in and ordered out and it has been consistently good.  I hope they continue to maintain their standards as time marches on, and I especially hope the local NoLibers hit this place up instead of Tiffin so they stay in business.So I saw this place had pretty good review on yelp and just purchased the deal online. As a Philly newbie I did not aware this restaurant was far from Rittenhouse square. We had to drive to Northern liberty to eat since I already got the coupon. 
Food better be good.... 
Two of us got samosa chaat and chicken tikka masala with garlic naan and mango lassi. 
Apparently yelp review www pretty accurate. This was 4 star restaurant for me. Samosa chaat was huge as appetizer. Probably most girls would be ok for their main dish itself. Chicken tikka masala was creamy, buttery and meat was tender. Delicious. We ended up having whole bowl of rice with it. 
Lassi was thick and amazing. I hate watery lassi and this place wasn't one of them. 
We were only customer when we were there and service was not bad or extra nice. They did minimum service for you haha. But I loved the food there and wish they were close to me. I would go often.My wife and I have been to Mood Cafe several times.  We're always really pleased with the quality of the food and the friendliness of the wait staff.  I was really excited to find out that they have a lunch buffet (unfortunately, only on weekdays) and decided to partake of it this past Friday.  Although, they didn't have the hugest selection at the buffet table, everything was incredibly well prepared and fresh, as I've come to expect on them.  They also served fresh Naan to order which was as delicious as ever.  I was really stoked when I paid the bill and it came out to be only $8!  Mood Cafe has great food and great service!  If you haven't been there yet, go!Excellent variety of food on the menu.  The restaurant is adjacent to an apartment building lobby, but don't let that influence your experience.  The chat was a hearty portion and very flavorful.  The lamb was tender and cooked to perfection.  Chef came out to greet us after our meal and offered us his homemade coconut barfee...which was AMAZING!!!  Highly recommend.A nice addition to the No Libs byob scene. The menu offers a variety of traditional Indian options at very reasonable prices. We ordered the garlic naan as a starter and the chicken tikka masala and chicken jalfrezi. Both were very good. The waiter was super nice and also brought out an appetizer (sorry forgot the name) and curry pudding for dessert, both on the house. Will be back next time we are in the mood for Indian food.I ordered take out from Mood Indian Restaurant after an exhausting day.  I placed my first time order to Mood via Yelp, and was asked to pay by credit card was told that my food would be delivered in 45 - 60 minutes. I provided my credit card information and hit complete. Within 15 - 20 minutes my phone rang that the delivery was outside. I went downstairs to a very pleasant man who handed me my food, and I handed him $25 (the meal was around $22.) As I went back upstairs my phone rang - it was the delivery man again. He explained to me that I had already paid for the food on my credit card and accidentally paid him again in cash. He told me he was on the way back to return the money. I was very touched by his honesty and this small act of kindness truly made my day a million times better.  I was exhausted and never would have noticed my mistake.  
To add to this already fist class experience, all of the food that I ordered was fantastic.  I HIGHLY recommend the Naan, Chicken Makhani and Chat Papri. I have been looking for good Indian food in Philadelphia for years and I have finally found it! 
My experience ordering food from Mood was fast, easy, friendly, and honest.  In my opinion they are running a fabulous business. I would recommend Mood Indian Restaurant to anyone, and plan to remain a loyal customer.We ordered chicken pakora, samosa chaat, malai kofta. Food was okay. Ambience was okay but customer service was excellent. The gentleman there took good care of us. He took the order back as we were not satisfied by the dish. May go back again.After reading tons of reviews and finding a groupon, I made sure to stop in. Our server was extremely knowledgeable of gluten free items for my friend. We started with palak paneer with a spice level of 6. The paneer was soo good and a great size for sharing. Make sure to get the garlic naan, this was my fav. I also had the chicken karahi at a spice level of 8 which was great. I definitely think the spice level was accurate just an FYI. I wish they were closer to center city to fill my winter Indian craving.2-stars based solely on the quality of food. It wasn't inedible, but for an Indian restaurant, it just isn't making the cut. 
Take-out order included plain naan, samosas, paneer masala, and chicken tikka. For each item, all I can say is, eh. Everything was just too bland for what should be expected with Indian food. Samosas had too much pastry, masala was a little thin and not well spiced, and chicken tikka was far from properly seasoned (making chicken red does not make it delicious). Tikka also came with a side of raita that was extremely watery - weak sauce (boom!).
The search will have to continue.Hidden place but so good.  Prices are great and food is delicious.Went here with my boyfriend on a Friday night and was surprised when we were the only ones in the restaurant. Seemed kind of strange, but it is in a pretty odd location. Food tasted good- we got the shrimp vindaloo and chicken curry. The only thing was that it was at a lukewarm temperature which makes me think it was just reheated. It tasted fresh, just not warmed up. Service could have been better, especially since we were the only ones there. I had a groupon which made it not a bad deal, but I most likely won't be back.Really good service, decent food, terrible location.  We had a lot of various items, all pretty good, but nothing spectacular.  The spice level was not what I expected.  If I ask for something spicy, don't assume that because I'm white, I can't handle spice (if that's what they assumed; if not, then their "spicy" is more like mild).  The food came out fairly quickly, as expected with not many people in the restaurant.  I really doubt this place will stay open much longer as their location is terrible.  It's hidden away in a gated lot in no man's land south of Spring Garden.  I might go there again, but that's only because it's the closest Indian Restaurant to me.Super empty place and you can't really get to it as the parking lot is a private lot, but we were able to sneak into the lot and park there with hesitant blessing from the security guard for the apt complex that Mood is in.  We ordered a lamb special that was delicious and mutter paneer, which was very tasty.  Service was great - but we were the only ones there.  Only reason we tried it was the groupon deal we bought - always check for one, you can usually find one and get a half priced meal.  Don't know that we'd go back due to location, but food was good, would order if they delivered with the deal (all deals i saw were eat in only)Located on the south side of Spring Garden kind of in the middle of nowhere.  It sits on the first floor of an apartment building and you have to look for parking on the street so make sure you bring quarters. The good news is that there is no issue with finding parking.  We came here on a Monday night and there was only one couple dining.  It seemed like the owner was our waiter, the host and the cashier and he was very friendly. The place is very clean, does not have a crazy spice smell and is very casual.  My friend ordered the tomato soup which he said was good along with a rice and lamb dish which looked really good.  I ordered chicken tikka masala and it was delicious along with some pita bread.  I would definitely come back here on a week day night or during lunch for some good quality indian food.Just went to mood cafe for the first time with my boyfriend with a groupon.  We love Indian food and are pretty critical.  Amazing food and wonderful service, we got the lamb and chicken dishes suggested by our server and they were excellent! It's also Byob, which is always a plus. We will definitely go back for more :-)This is the only indian place I have tried in Philadelphia.
We came as group of 6, for late lunch time and shared all order so we could enjoy different flavor of curries.
Living in east coast I feel there isn't easy access to good inexpensive indian cuisine. 
This isn't the best indian place I have tried in my life. I think I should go to  japan to get good indian curry and naan. 
Mood Indian Restaurant still serves good foods. 
 It is not super cheap place compared to indian restaurant I have tried in other countries but for Philadelphia this is a pretty nice spot.Mood Cafe just moved into the space where Estelle used to be. Although we'll miss our favorite brunch spot, I think Mood will become a regular spot for us as well.
When we went on a Thursday evening, there were very few people there and it was extremely quiet. I think they forgot to turn the music on and when we offered up the friendly suggestion that they should play music sometime, our waiter said "we can play music!" and turned it on. 
Our waiter (who may have been the owner?) spoke broken English, but was extremely nice and accomidating. The food was very good and generous. It is well priced and there were a lot of options as well.
We will definitely be back and I hope they do well. It's nice to have a bit more variety in the BYOB scene for old city/nolibsVery tasty food, especially the chicken tikka masala (and i've had this dish in a number of Indian restaurants in Philly).  The lunch special is definitely a good way to go, you get a lot of yummy food for only $8 !  Staff is attentive and nice.Good food. Not as good as Ekta, I will say that, but it's solid Indian food that is on part with Tiffin. Okay, enough comparisons. Let's talk about what we ordered.
The chat papri was VERY satisfying. The palak paneer and vegeterian kofta were also very tasty as well. I was happy with the level of spice - I think I got a 4 out of 5 and my nose ran appropriately. The naan was fresh and they had interesting varieties, including one with dried fruit and nuts. The atmosphere is very casual, with the restaurant situated inside a condo complex and facing a parking lot. The service was very friendly and helpful, the restaurant large and clean. I would return, but maybe not on a Saturday night date.Got chicken tikka masala, chicken vindaloo, and saag paneer delivered on Thursday night. It was all amazing. Good taste, spiciness, and temperature. Chicken tikka masala could've been more spicy but it was still delicious. I split those 3 with my gf and it was a perfect amount.What I ordered:
1) Malai kofta (2 stars) - very small portion and not very flavorful. stay away!
2) regular Naan ( 2 stars) - dry and chewy, the rice was better
3) Chicken tikka masala (4 stars) - hard to screw this one up
4) Kheer (3 stars)- very small portion for the price. Wasn't too sweet and had a "unique" taste.
The 2 entrees (malai kofta and CTM) both come with rice, which I recommend over the naan!
Overall it was too expensive for the quality of the food. Probably won't eat here again unless I want a quick fix of chicken tikka masala + rice. I haven't tried the other breads at this restaurant, but I wouldn't order the regular naan again.We got takeout from here last night and sampled a few of the menu items. Chicken tikka masala was exceptional. The sauce was perfectly seasoned - tangy with a touch of sweet cream. Bhindi (Okra) was tender and a tad sour - super tasty. The reshmi kebab (ground chicken breast with spices) was very authentic - a typical Northwest frontier food (Indo-Pak border region). Kebabs are ALWAYS better eaten straight out of the searing heat of the tandoor. As soon as you box them they lose a little texture, almost as if they were baked - just not the same. For first timers, eat in, it will be well worth it. I am sure all the rest of the kebab selections are exquisite and I cant wait to try them. Last was the Aloo-Chana (potatoes with chickpeas) which has always been a wholesome favorite of mine - great veggie option for a cold night ! To top it off, we had the Gaajar Halva (a grated carrot pudding). This sweet and savory traditional Indian dessert has a moist and flaky texture. Usually prepared with condensed milk, clarified butter (ghee) and cardamom, it definitely makes for a rich but addictive bite ! It can be topped off by cashews, raisins, or pistachios. In this case - chopped cashews. Served warm, this is the quintessential dessert for the chilly North Indian winter. 
We are definitely going to make Mood Cafe a weekly pitstop ! Thank you guys for opening in our neighborhood !We have been planning for this restaurant for a while, but eventually made to it last weekend. I was along with my wife, my friend and his wife. We were warmly welcomed by the manager.  They have an open kitchen, so that the aroma reaches the nose before the food reaches the mouth :) 
We ordered Vegetable Pakoras and Samosas for appetizer. They were very well cooked, and come with 2 kinds of sauces, sweet and mint. For the main course we ordered Chicken Tikka Masala, Kadhai Paneer, Chicken Biryani, Garlic Naan Bread, and Mango Lassi. My wife loved Kadhai Paneer, and we all enjoyed the Chiken Biryani as the chicken was perfectly cooked and spices were well captured in every grain of rice. For the Dessert, we ordered Lahori Kheer.  They usually serve this cold, but you can ask them to heat it, if you like eating it warm.
The service is impeccable which makes this place a perfect destination for any kind of celebration or a regular meal with friends and family. The food overall was outstanding. The total check came to about $15-$20 per head.
The location is little challenging to reach, but worth the efforts!!
I also get a chance to meet the owner and learned that he is in to the restaurant industry for 20+ years and also owns 3 additional restaurants in Philadelphia area, along with Mood Café at Cedar Park, a 5 star yelp rating.I ordered delivery. Came very fast. The good was good but not unique like I've never had before. I always order from Ekta but wanted to try something different.I decided to give Mood a try this weekend instead of my go-to Ekta. Where to begin: let's start with the positive.  Online delivery and payment were super smooth & easy and my delivery arrived within the estimated 30 minutes. Then it was all downhill from there.
I started out with some chaat papri.  The papri were all soggy and disgusting! I was so turned off by the mushy papri that I stopped eating it after 2 bites.  I get it that it's delivery, but Ekta always manages to keep the papri crunchy in my delivery orders. Next up:  paneer pakora.  I pretty much love any type of fried cheese, but these were just average.  They didn't have much flavor and dipping them in the chutney didn't do much for them. My entree was the baingan bhartha (mashed eggplant dish).  I also felt this was lacking in flavor and spice.  My bf's malai kofta sauce was thin and sad and just not all that tasty. Neither of us finished our food.
Looks like I'm going back to Ekta for my Indian food cravings!I used a Seamless coupon to give Mood Cafe a second try.  My first meal wasn't bad, but frankly, didn't knock my socks off.  This second experience was so much better (although wish the favors were a bit bolder). The food reminded me of dinners at my childhood neighbor's house (who were Bengali and very good cooks)--simple good clean Indian food.
Delivery was quick and within the estimate Seamless provided. And best of all, the delivery guy actually took the elevator to my apartment (I hate having to meet them downstairs when I live in a doorman building"
Chicken Karahi was the highlight of the meal, but even the "Indian spicy" level i asked for was a bit mild. The chicken was cut well (no tendons or fat), which is a huge pet peeve of mine at some of the other Indian restaurants in Philly. 
Overall I had a very decent meal, although I wish Mood Cafe would "turn up the volume" as Ina would say.The food is delicious and the servers were very nice.  The first few times I ordered delivery the food was great and it came fairly quickly, but the most recent time the salmon in the tandoori was dry, and the Chat Papri was a little soggy.  I had to take away a star, too, because of the decor in the restaurant.  The ambiance would be improved a lot by covering up the windows so diners don't have to see the parking lot and the lobby of the adjacent hotel while eating.Mood came to our office for Fooda today, and they had a "buffet special" for the introductory price of $6! It included lamb rogan josh, chicken tikka masala, palak paneer, mutter paneer, rice, and naan! They even had three different delicious sauces: yogurt, tamarind, and mint. It was wonderful! The lamb was very tender, and everything was just spicy enough, somewhere between mild and medium. I am very happy!These Folks are genuinely very nice, but the space is really tough to make work. The food is middle of the road - several notches below Ekta and the other pacesetters in the city. 
Very friendly staff and ownership. I wish them well.
The Chat Papri (spelling?) appetizer was a real high point, and a nice surprise - interesting take on the crispy dipping strips and tamarind sauces. Would be great eaten like a salad on a hot summer day.
Lamb Chops were unfortunately a single note dish - lacked depth and layering of flavor that separates really good Indian.
I am mixed on whether I would go back.Great indian food.  The Chats are a must - they live up to the hype.  All the standards (tikka masala, lamb rogan josh, lamb vindaloo) are all good.  Price is right and the portions are large.
Chats dont travel well, so I'd try to dine in if that's what you want.  The interior does leave a lot to be desired.  It was a little on the warm side and the ambience is a little lacking.  But, I can look past that because the food is great.After a long week, I decided to order take out via Mood's website. Since I live on the northern end of Old City, I could walk to this restaurant, and often do walk by it on my way home from Spring Garden Market. Today though, I was ravenous and planning to pick up a 6 pack of beer to go (Mulberry Market). 
The website was clear, just like the paper menu I got in my mailbox. After placing the order, I got an estimated time of about 30 minutes. I got there a little early, but waited and everything was hot and ready just 5 minutes after the estimate. Not bad in my book. 
The food was solid, fresh, and flavorful. It was not the best Indian I've had, but certainly not the worst either. (The worst goes to a restaurant on Chestnut Street, where after having dinner, I ran home needing a bathroom pronto). Per the good Yelp reviews, I ordered: the Baingan Bhartha, delicious charred eggplant pureed with spices; Dal Chana, yellow lentils with tomatoes, cumin, garlic and spices; Salmon Bhuna which was cooked perfectly; and Chicken Tikka Masala. The chicken's sauce reminded me more of a good fresh tomato blush sauce found in an Italian restaurant and lacking in the Indian spices which set it apart. This was my only critique. I also ordered some garlic naan. 
Tip: The naan is only one piece of bread, so plan on ordering more than one order if you'll need extra flat bread. 
Another Tip: If you order online, enter "MOODAUG2013" and receive 15% off a order of $20 or more.
All of the entrees came with a generous serving of rice, so unless you feel the need to order the special rice dishes on the menu, you really don't have to pay for this.
Most of the entrees run from $12-$16, which is cheaper than some of the other Indian restaurants in the area. For this reason, I think Mood could satisfy my Indian craving without putting a significant dent in my wallet.Love this place. Ordered chicken pakora, salmon bhuna, lamb vindaloo. Yes it's in a weird place and a little hard to spot from the street, but look in the parking lot on the right hand side of the street and there it is. You can't miss the banner.
Great service, reasonable prices.Mood Cafe has opened in the old Cafe Estelle and I'm so happy they did. The hubby and I stopped in Saturday afternoon and were the only ones there. I got the chicken tikka masala and he got the lamb roganjosh- two of our favorites. This made it easy to compare to other Indian places we've tried and Mood Cafe delivered a great meal! We both asked for spicy and they made it perfectly. The price was reasonable and the service was great.
I also went here for lunch (again, my buddy and I were the only ones there) and they served it thali style. I got the chicken tikka masala again, only this time I got the lunch special (which is not on the online menu but totally should be, so for your reference, non-vegeterian lunch special is $8 and vegetarian lunch special is $7, plus they had chicken chilly for $10 [I did not misspell chili, that is how they spelled it- chilly!]). The thali included jasmine rice, chickpeas, spinach paneer, pakora, and the main dish, plus naan- all fresh and delicious. We also got a complimentary dessert, the sweetened carrots you sometimes find in Indian places, which I loved. The price was definitely right for lunch, coming just under $20 with tax and tip for two. Not bad!
I would definitely recommend this place to others and encourage friends to pay them a visit because the location is a very tough spot to attract customers. Hopefully they keep their prices reasonable so I can continue to come here for lunch!Definitely not a place I will order from again. The only redeeming quality was the insanely fast delivery. 
The chat papri had tomatoes, which are not usually in the dish, and the cracker base was insanely greasy. 
The palak paneer has a strange consistency, and the paneer is not very flavorful. 
Also ordered the chicken vindaloo which was not spicy at all and swimming in grease. 
Very disappointing for all of the great reviews this place has.I purchased a Groupon from this place because all of the beginning yelp reviews were good of course when i'm about to go they started getting bad reviews ...odd! I am glad I was not deterred because I really LOVED the food. We found a free parking spot across the street which is awesome no quarters involved. Upon walking in I was really skeptical I have  never seen such a bright Indian restaurant it was awkward and uninviting(this is why it lost a star). I feel like that should drape the windows that look into the lobby or something...The waiter/waitress were both very friendly. We ordered Samosa's for the app they were good and the sauce that they came with was great. I ordered Chicken Vindaloo soo yummy I asked for it spicy but not so spicy that I cannot taste it and it was perfect! The rice that came with it was great too. We were very full from our dinner so we didnt want dessert they said since we had money left on the groupon they would send desert home with us which was quite nice. We were the only people left there and they didn't seem to mind of rush out by any means. I would definitely suggest you try it out for yourself and hope you have as good experience as i did:-) Also remember that it is a BYOB!I have dined in and ordered takeout from Mood on several occasions.  I will start by saying that the quality of their food and service has steadily increased since their opening.  The amount of patrons, though, has not.  This place is always completely dead.  It's a shame because I'd really like to keep a decent Indian restaurant in the neighborhood. Don't be deterred by the weird location in the ground floor of a loft condo building. 
Their service is obviously pretty good considering there's never anyone in the place.  I've always received delivery orders in a timely fashion and my take-out is always ready to be picked up when promised. The owner is super friendly if you start a conversation with him and the last time I was in he thanked me for my patronage and gave me all sorts of coupons.  
Now for the food.  I've eaten at almost every Indian restaurant in the city.  While I've certainly had better Indian food in other cities, Mood is pretty darn good for Philly. I've tried all of the vegetarian appetizers and they are all pretty tasty. The mint chutney is crave-worthy.  The vegetarian entrees are all flavorful and the portions are a good size. My favorites are the dal makhani, malai kofta, mutter paneer, and shahi paneer.  Don't be afraid to ask for it medium or spicy if you like some heat. The raita is fresh and a good addition to your meal to cool things down. 
Also, I was in during lunch hours recently and their buffet was a little disappointing, only because it only had two vegetarian entrees and I'm used to Indian buffets being pretty vegetarian-heavy.  It is a flat price for take-out instead of weighted, though, so you could definitely stuff your little styrofoam container to the max. The highlight of the lunch hour at Mood is their "vegetable wrap."  It has been listed as a lunch special every time I've ever been there.  It's basically a piece of naan lined with raita and some chutney and stuffed with strips of seasoned paneer and vegetables. Brilliant! And just as crave-worthy as the mint chutney. 
Check this place out and keep it in business!I haven't had Indian in months, so it sounded delicious. After quite a few flops with Grubhub lately, I decided to give this place a try to use my expiring grub dollars or whatever they call them (it looks like many others used Grubhub too!). First off, this was by far the most-prompt delivery I have ever gotten in Philadelphia. The food was on our doorstep in 25 minutes on a Saturday night! Maybe that's a sign that the restaurant was dead, but I'm not complaining. 
My roommates and I split the Palak Paneer (my favorite!), the Dal Chana (pretty delicious), and the Bhindi Masala (okay, but a tad too spicy). Everything was good, authentic, and something that I would eat again. We got regular and garlic naan and they were both so-so - a bit dry. We also got some Indian "pickled pickles" because they were intriguing and only $1.95. They were terrible!!! I would never ever recommend anyone ever order these things, whatever they are (they certainly don't taste like pickles). I was actually surprised that my dog ate them... whoops, did I say that?
I really do wish I could give this 3.5 stars, which I feel like is such a trite line to say, but it's true. This place fulfilled my Indian cravings, came super fast, and was pretty good. However, the bottom line is that I have had better and slightly cheaper Indian at other places in the city.Ordered from Mood on Grubhub and was really happy with the meal that I had. Delivery was fast AND the food was really tasty. The only reason I haven't give this place 5 stars is because it's always hard to judge a place based solely on delivery. Had I eaten at the restaurant, I'm sure this would be a 5 star review. I will absolutely order from here again and would love to go have a sit-down meal at this place. The vegetable samosas were really good, so make sure you order those!Excellent food. I live in the building and eat at Mood regularly. Mood has not failed me over the course of 15+ meals and counting. 
Further the staff are great. My friend left her purse, including iPhone and wallet at Mood. She realized what she had left behind the next day and was in a slight panic. She went back to Mood and the staff had found and looked after her belongings. Needless to say she was grateful.On a whim we ordered from here, online, which I have never done before. We were told estimated delivery time was 30 min. It came within the estimated time! Order was perfect and we ordered a lot. Food was awesome! It met all of our expectations of what we were expecting to get, as far as Indian delivery goes.
In sum: easy online ordering, fast delivery and good food!Lunch was very good, well prepared, great price for lunch special.  Dishes come in individual round bowls, along w. naan.  Complimentary rice pudding w. shredded carrots.  Location is a bit of a tough sell but the cooking is excellent.  I'll definitely return soon.Why was this place so dead on a Friday night? I don't understand. Someone please explain this to me.
Hubby and I had been craving Indian food for a while and have been previously disappointed  by most of the places in Philly, so we decided to check out Mood this past Friday. We arrived at around 7:30 and we were the only ones in the restaurant. And it stayed that way. For the entire time we were there. I don't understand.
OK, so the location is a little weird. Mood is located on the ground floor of a loft condo building, and it's BYOB. Personally, I think this location would do better with a liquor license, but I'm not complaining. 
The reason I'm so confused is the food is seriously the best Indian food I've had in this city. We ordered paneer pakora (basically Indian mozzarella sticks, served with mint chutney and a tamarind dipping sauce), samosa chaat (like a deconstructed samosa- think Indian nachos), lamb seekh kabob, tandoori chicken and some garlic naan. They also served us a healthy portion of jasmine rice on the side. The only thing I wasn't completely crazy about was the lamb. I don't know if it was as fresh as what I'm used to. But everything else was seriously spectacular. The naan was served super fresh and piping hot, the chicken was served perfectly tender, juicy and full of great flavor, and the paneer cooked to perfection. 
The samosa chaat was probably the most memorable for me just because I found it to be so well put together. I could seriously eat this every day and be happy. When I see a dish like that, it makes me sad to think there are so many Americans who don't eat Indian food because they don't think it's accessible. What is more accessible than mozzarella sticks, barbecued chicken and nachos?
Bottom line: grab a bottle of wine and some friends and go to Mood. You will not be sorry.I've never been in the restaurant, and have only ordered take out. My history with Mood started when I lived in the apartments above it, and when I recently moved back to Old City I was excited to eat it! I get all different things on the menu, and I've never had a bad meal. I love the naan bread and could eat it all day with the Chicken Mahkani. I definitely recommend!Holy moly is their delivery FAST. I placed my order around 6:09 and the driver texted me at 6:13 saying my food had arrived AND this text came after I missed his call. I'm not exaggerating, these are the literal time stamps on my phone!
All the food was piping hot and the garlic naan smelled amazing before I even opened the foil. When I did I saw that it was SMOTHERED in heavenly garlic (just the way I like it) and also bigger than my face. I also got chicken tikka which came with a good sized portion of basmati rice. Though it was on the pricier side, it definitely hit the spot and will now be my go-to for those once in a while Indian comfort food cravings.My boyfriend and I wanted to get out of our house on Halloween. I had been craving Indian food so we took the opportunity to get a Groupon for Mood the week prior. Everything I got was delicious and the portions were great for the price. I only wish I'd had room for dessert, since I left (happily, gloriously) stuffed. The service was also prompt and friendly. Ekta is closer to us, but I think I prefer the food here. Even without the Groupon I'd happily go back.My husband and I have been to Mood Cafe a few times since we moved to Philly, in part because it's conveniently located on the first floor of our building, but mostly because the food is really good and the staff is really nice. We've not had a bad experience. I love the Chicken Tikka Marsala, the samosas are great and I LOVE the naan. I love the stuff out of naan anyway; I could eat my way out of a room full of naan if I had to. But they have really good naan here. Come here! It's good, and everyone is so friendly.Great food, awesome ambiance! Very Friendly service! I 
Definitely recommend it. We went with a group of friends and enjoyed a lot. 
Delicious entrées,mind blowing starters and awesome desserts.
Preparation was very neat and clean. 
They even served Salad with food which i have not seen in most of the restaurants i have been to.   :)We braved the storm to get to Mood for dinner because we really wanted Indian,  the reviews looked good, and I had a groupon.  Parking was not an issue as there were a ton of metered spots on fourth street. We went around the corner to 5th St and parked for free because we did not have change for the meter. 
The space is large and only one other table was taken.  The tables are set up nicely.  It isn't a place where I would for a special occasion but it does not have that take-out feel to it.  One suggestion I would have is to cover the one wall of windows with drapes (even if they are sheer) because it was a little distracting being able to see the tenants of the building coming and going from the elevator in the adjacent lobby.  
We ordered a variety of food and everything was excellent.  The highlight was the Chat Papri which was delicious! What a combination of flavors!  I had the Bharta Baigan for dinner and that was excellent.  Hubby had the chicken tikka and loved it. Food was fresh and hot. The server was friendly and attentive.   
We had a really nice meal and would definitely return. It is a nice change of pace from Tiffin.  Hubby said that he liked Mood better than Tiffin.  Definitely will come back to support this business even for takeout!Holy crap. This food is so good.
We had chicken tikka masala, panak paneer, naan, samosas. So good. The white raita was delicious. Made everything better tasting.
Delivery was super fast too, within half an hour.
Not too expensive.
We're sitting among the remains of my feast and I'm super happy. There's a kind of bliss descended over all. All is well.Since Mood Cafe is very close and the food was tasty I wanted to give them a chance to redeem themselves from the last fiasco (see review below). Since we had a problem with ordering online last time, this time we called our order in. We repeated our address and confirmed we live on "V" as in victor Vine Street. The gentleman said 20-25 minutes for delivery (it's fast because we literally live 3 blocks away and can wave at people in the building Mood occupies). Like last time I decided to go down and wait in the lobby after 25 minutes elapsed to facilitate entry. After 45 minutes total time went by I decided to call and check the status. The gentleman said that the order left 5 minutes ago. I asked him if he could call the driver because he may be at the wrong place since I can walk to Mood Café in 5 minutes and get there in 30 seconds if I drive. The man said he would call the driver and call me right back. After waiting another 15 minutes I called and asked the man again about my order and why he didn't call me back. He told me to hold while he called the driver. Apparently the driver went to Pine Street. I reminded the man that he didn't call me back and if he had contacted the driver the 1st time like he said he would we could have avoided the wasted time. The food finally arrived cold. Just like last time no offer to take any responsibility...at the very least he could have offered to remake my cold food or maybe not charge me full price for cold food and incompetent service....Mood Cafe definitely put me in a mood...frustrated and perplexed.I ordered chat. It was very sour. Too much yogurt I guess. Not close to authentic Indian. Tomatoes used were not good, were smelling. If anyone is looking for authentic Indian chat. This is not the place.3.5 stars rounded up to 4 for their excellent service and willingness to go above and beyond for their patrons. My fiance and I were out of town with my family for the xmas holiday, but his parents came down to visit his sister who is gluten free. The number of restaurants that were open on xmas day were limited but the number of restaurants open AND gluten free were next to none. 
They called up Mood to see if they were open, and they simply replied, 'If you want to come in tomorrow, we will come in and cook for you". Without skipping a beat they offered to open the restaurant on Christmas day to cook for one family. Now THAT is customer service. 
On a separate occasion, my fiance and I tried out Mood as suggested by his family. The Tikka Masala was amazing. It tasted so fresh, the chicken was tender, and so much lighter than other Tikka Masalas I've had in the past. It's a great alternative to the very heavy  dishes offered at other Indian establishments. The Palak Paneer is also excellent. The Chicken Korma is underwhelming. It seems that their dishes are hit or miss but are consistant. Find a dish or two that you like and order it often because the dishes that are good are SO good!absolutely delicious! Ordered for delivery and my food arrived within 30mins. I purchase the lamb saag with garlic naan - i enjoyed every bite.AMAZING!!! I will be craving Indian food for the next month! Great menu selection and good place to go with a gluten allergy. There were so many delicious options, I didn't know what to choose!! We got a few items on the menu and shared. The spice level was accurate, I asked for about a 6 on a scale of 1-10 and it came out just how I like it!! 
The service was excellent, we weren't in a rush and he was very patient. He was very understanding of my line of questioning when asking about gluten free items. After our meal we stayed a while longer to finish our bottle of wine. 
I am very pleased with this restaurant and will have very high expectations for Indian cuisine in the future!Dear sir, 
    I am just now seeing your response to my review, shamefully almost two years later. I was thinking of visiting your great city soon and came across your reply.  Since quite some time has past, this may no longer be the case.  However, your complete dismissal and denial of my experience from there warrants a response,  no matter how much time has passed. 
I beseech you to check out your late night delivery orders before you flag legitimate reviews. I found your restaurant from yelp. There wasn't  any mistaking it for some other. Your excellent reviews are the reason I chose Mood Indian. 
Every establishment  can have a bad day/evening.  For you to say you didn't see any record of my transaction is absurd. I'm sure you will continue your 4 star reviews if you continue to flag the ones you don't agree with.  
If you truly care about the service of your  patrons, locals as well as the one just passing through your city, I would implore you to spot check your Sunday late night deliveries to see what they send out. As a suggestion, just order something and have it sent to any nearby hotel, have it delivered to the front lobby and meet them. 
I was staying at the Wyndham,  400 Arch street. If that is not in your delivery area, please reply back and I will retract my review and give my most sincere and humble apology. 
I wrote this review due to an epic fail of my experience,  far from excellence like I had read from other Yelpers. I thought you should know in order to preserve your 4star rating, no matter what hour your patrons order.We just wanted to review this place primarily for their exemplary customer service and delivery. The food was good, but they had forgotten to give us the rice that accompanied one of the dishes. I mentioned this issue via grubhub and promptly I received a call from the delivery guy stating that he was on his way to bring the rice as well as a little dessert for us.
We highly recommend this place for the good food, great service and prompt delivery. We will be ordering from them again.I got a groupon for this restaurant and that's how I found it. It looks family owned. It's located below a condominium. They have a parking lot but I think you can only park there during the day. There's plenty of metered street parking. Bring quarters!
Food is good. Good portions. I had the chicken tikka masala, shrimp, and chatt. I've been here for lunch and dinner. The lunch special are definitely worth it. The nan was a little heavy-- thick bread. I like the thinner nan that I've had at Karma.Came here for lunch with a Groupon with my sister and it was great! The person who took care of us (unsure if he was manager or a waiter) was great. He accepted our Groupon ($15 for $30 great deal!) without having any questions or problems like some places would. We first started with our usual when we have Indian. The Pakora was splendid and the Samosas were good. Not oily at all which we appreciated. For our entrees, I had very spicy Chicken Vindaloo which was perfect. My chunks of chicken were HUGE and the spiciness was as perfect as it can get. My sister's Chicken Tikka Masala was amazing! More on the creamier side than I am used to, but it was still delicious. Our guy came over to check on us and even offered us more rice. Another great thing about this place are the lunch platter prices! I saw that some platters went for $7.00! That is an amazing deal for such great food. Overall, our experience was great! Will definitely be visiting again because we had such a great BYOB lunch date today. 
I almost forgot. Their prices are amazing! About $3-$5 cheaper than most Indian spots.I've ordered delivery from here 5 or so times and eaten in once.
It's a little off the beaten path, but my friend and I were hungrily wandering and we stumbled upon it. Since I remembered the name from my Grubhub orders, we decided to give it a try. Dining in definitely beats the delivery experience. Though there's not much ambience to speak of - the decor is pretty cold and overlooks a parking lot - the service is warm and they give you little extras with your meal that makes you feel at home. Everything we got was delicious, and I walked out feeling warm and fuzzy for a reasonable price.
Delivery, however, gets a little dicey. Most of the time it's been great and fast, but once it's been absolutely horrendous. Upon biting into what I hoped would be glorious naan, my mouth was filled with sand?!?!! I figured something crazy happened and moved onto the Chicken Tikka Masala and I bit down on GLASS! So now I'm starving and tortured by the delicious smelling, but seemingly deadly food in front of me. I call GrubHub's customer service imagining I'll hear back from them something along the lines of "your entire meal has been refunded, and can we possibly make you something without murder in it and send it over immediately along with a gift card so you can try us again if you ever get over this?"
But no. They wouldn't budge for GrubHub's reps. I ended up calling them myself a bunch of times and they did eventually refund my order. I went to bed hungry and angry, but writing this is review is making me want Indian food because I'm a masochist apparently. 
Two stars seems generous to me. However, if you happen to miss the day the crackhead barges into the kitchen throwing glass and sand (not a confirmed event) everywhere, the food is pretty freaking good.Mood cafe should receive massive recognition!!! Not only was the food unreal but the owner was extremely friendly!  My parents were in philly for Christmas day and no one felt like cooking.  This brought up a problem, finding a place that was open on Christmas day.  After calling mood cafe and speaking with the owner, he told us that he wasn't open BUT if we wanted to come in, he would open up just for us!!!! Now that's amazing costumer service :)
Onto the food..... It was fresh, flavorful and simply amazing.  After having TONS of Indian food, I'd would say, hands down, it was some of the best!  For an appetizer we ordered the  veggie pakora.  They were light and fresh and came out piping hot.  Then, the palak paneer was unreal.  The spinach sauce was thick and creamy and the homemade cheese was perfect texture.  We also ordered the lamb vindaloo.  The lamb was tender and was a great portion size.  The baingan bharta was good, but probably my least favorite thing we ordered. I thought there was to many peas and the spices could have been bolder.  Finally the chicken curry was solid and very yummy.
Overall I would HIGHLY recommend mood cafe!!!! The portion sizes was more the generous, the prices were very reasonable and the decor was simple and relaxing.  Mood cafe would be a perfect place to take your family or go with your friends.  I will absolutely be returning to mood cafe and hopefully making it my weekly spot.A few weeks ago I ordered delivery from Mood, and was happy with the outcome. I tried the Bharta Baigan (eggplant) and have since found my go-to Mood dish.  Shortly after trying Mood, I saw that they had a groupon. I snatched it up and we had a midweek date night here.
The restaurant was very empty, and while normally I'm a huge fan of BYOB's, I think that due to their location in a condo complex, they would fair well from having a bar.  The space is nice, and I could see it being a decent place to have a drink after work if you lived in the building.
We tried our first ever Mango Lassi, and it was amazing. Try one now, if you haven't.  For an appetizer we ordered the Paneer Pakora, which was an Indian version of mozzarella sticks.  My boyfriend ordered Palak Paneer, while I stuck to the Bharta Baigan. We each got an order of Naan, and we left full and happy. (And with leftovers!)
Mood will be my default Indian restaurantFirst and foremost, kudos to Mood for being open AND delivering to our apartment during Snowmageddon, or whatever the crazy kids were calling it. Basically, it was colder than a snowman's behind, there was snow on the ground, and we still got our food. Delivery was fast, and our meal was piping hot to boot. Thank you, Mood!
On to the food itself. I got chicken tikka masala, jasmine rice (I believe that comes with it), and mango lassi (which is like a mango smoothie, but more yogurt-y). The roomie and I shared mango chutney, three different types of bread, vegetable pakora, and of course samosas. Everything was absolutely delicious. The sauces were the perfect consistency, and there was plenty for dipping. The bread was soft and warm, and the pakora was the best I've ever tasted. I'm sure it helped that we ordered a lot of food, but there was plenty left over lunch the next day. If I ever win the lottery, I'll probably eat here every day for at least a year.Went in with my girlfriend Friday afternoon with the 15 for 30 groupon...only to find a buffet with a delicious assortment from the menu, something for all tastes.  And it was only like 9 bucks a person.  Sweetest lunch deal in the City.  Coming back here once a week.  Food was awesome and served with rice and naan.I would have been really happy, but my chicken was undercooked on the inside. I'd definitely try Mood Cafe, it is worth it, but just beware of undercooked meat. Everything else we ordered came out well done.Couldn't figure out what i wanted to eat so i went on Groupon and found this place.
The location was a little weird because its in an apartment complex with private parking.. you have to get buzzard in.. but once they lifted the gate we parked and no one was in there.
An employee came and greeted us and was so nice and helpful with seating us. He handed us a menu and informed us on some of the items on there. My friend asked him about some spinach that was not located on the menu and he said they didn't have it but would look into it. I ordered the Chicken Masala with Cheese Naan Bread. She ordered Veggies and Garlic naan. The naan bread had little pieces of cheese.. i could have just ordered the plain naan and been OK. The Chicken Masala was amazingggggggg so flavorful.. the Naan bread was fresh and hot! He ended up surprising her with spinach and she loved it! 
I also had some Mango Juice.. which was so fresh thick and sweet!!  Like he peeled a fresh mango in the back..I couldn't finish it all! 
This place is located inside of an apartment complex.. great for lunch!! Cheap Cheap Cheap!!! 
It was super clean and organized!! 
Also had mints and candy coated healthy seeds for kids ( love that idea) Lots of seating too :-) 
Very nice place for lunch and early dinner!!! you will get full off this placeA great BYOB addition to the neighborhood in the closed Cafe Estelle space. We had a wonderful meal here on a quiet Monday night (mulligatawny soup, samosas, chicken biryani, saag lamb and lahori kheer.) The spice level was perfect and the service was excellent. They have a lovely staff and the owner couldn't have been nicer. They are offering lunch specials, as well; I believe there's a $7 vegetarian option and a $8 meat option, but don't quote me on that... Hours are 11 am - 10 pm, every day.Redemption! The manager at Mood Cafe left me a voicemail message and asked if I could call him back to discuss my recent experience with his restaurant. Ali, the friendly manager generously offered to have a meal brought over to our home the following evening. The food arrived early just as our two guests arrived. Our guests are local business owners from the neighborhood who haven't tried Mood Cafe yet. We started off with the appetizers of Samosa and Pakora , both were perfectly delicious. The main course consisted of Chicken Tikka Masala, Chicken Bhartha, and Palak Paneer. These were accompanied by rice and garlic and plain Naan. Raita was provided to cool the nicely spiced mains. Mood's Raita is one of my favorites. This simple condiment is made of yogurt, onions, and carrots...Mood Cafe's is one of the richest and creamiest I've had. We finished our meal with my favorite Indian dessert Kheer...an Indian variation of rice pudding. All guests were very happy and content. Thank you Mood Cafe for the generous and very tasty meal!This was the worst Indian restaurant I have ever experienced. The samosas were bland. The chicken in the chicken  tikka masala taste like freezer burnt Chicken McNuggets.  The rice was hard, dried out.  The naan taste like two day old leftovers. I ordered take out on Sunday 20 minutes before closing. ~ Bad idea! ~ranked about the same quality and flavor as  lean cuisine!I work in a nearby building, and this place is a godsend! The staff is super friendly, and their lunch buffet is wonderful. It's always clean, delicious and fully stocked..and the naan is to die for!I love Indian food and have been bummed since my favorite restaurant changed chefs.  HOWEVER, now I have Mood right across the street from where I work.  Absolutely the best vegetable samosas I have ever eaten.  I've been missing my Lamb Korma but Mood's Chicken Makhani filled the void very nicely.  At the end of the meal, the owner brought us a complimentary dessert -- a wonderful rice and carrot pudding.  I can't say enough about how good this place is.  I worry, though.  It doesn't seem very busy.  So, everyone stop in and have some wonderful Indian food.  Keep this place around.Excellent saag paneer and bhindi. Very nice waiter as well. We will definitely be back.Excellent food good service reasonably priced. The only downside that I experienced was no offstreet parking. The lot in front of the restaurant is for residential parking only.Tried this place a while back with a Groupon deal. I had the chicken biryani -- very good! Garlic naan was also tasty. Definitely want to come back and try some of the other menu option.I would really rather give this place a 3.5 stars, but because the food was so fulfilling and we were well satisfied is why I round it off to 4 stars.  Initially, I was kind of disturb that the host was rushing us to order and basically eat our food before closing-- thats just rule number one of any restaurant.It is a little bit pricey, but the food is good. I recommend you to try Chicken Tikka Masala, Mango Lassi and Ros Malai.I was dissapointed to see Estelles go without a similar place to follow but I'm happy Mood Cafe is here!  I came here when they initially opened with friends who are very savvy with Indian cuisine.  Service was very friendly and attentive and the food was well prepared with great flavor and presentation.  Unfortunately our samosas were frozen in the middle but our server was very concerned, expressed his apologies, and took it off the bill.  I think these were just the the growing pains of a new place because everything I've had here since has met my expectations.
I've done more take out recently because of my work schedule but the food is always ready promptly and made with the right amount of spice as requested.  The staff is very friendly and I hope their reputation grows in this neighborhood!We live in the building where the Mood Cafe is located so we go there... often ;o) The food is really good, we especially enjoy the chicken Tikka masala and the chicken saagwala. We tried the lunch platter which is excellent and very cheap. The only reason I gave a 4 stars instead of a 5 is the restaurant itself (we usually take out), some candles? a little 'warmer' atmosphere? Maybe I am being difficult though... ;o) Having said that, the owners and the staff are very nice and we really like going there!! so try it!Incredibly friendly service!  My boyfriend and I were the only patrons in the restaurant on Friday night, which was surprising because the food was really delicious.  If we lived in those condos above Mood, we'd be eating there all the time.  The space/decor wasn't stellar, but we really loved our appetizer, naan, and two entrees.  They are running a Groupon deal right now, so grab one and go enjoy some spicy Indian food!Excellent! The delivery was fast (I live very close, but still), the food was authentic and delicious. I got the chicken tikka masala with an order of paneer naan (worth the extra three bucks). My only complaint is that the chicken dish was a little greasy, but overall the flavor was great.This place has extreme delicious food in an extremely clean place with one of the nicest owners ever. My family and I just stayed a night in Philly and found this place by our hotel. We started talking to the owner and he was super generous by hooking us up with free tea and appetizers as a welcome to Philly. He told us a lot about his journey to his restaurant life and his ethics and morals behind the work, all of which resonated in the food. 
The portion sizes were very good. I ordered parantha and naans and rotis, all of which were super delicious and soft and had us full in no time. It was hard to choose an entree as everything sounded great, so based on his recommendation we had kadhai chicken and palak paneer and boy! Those were great choices. The flavors were great, the chicken was well done and paneer was also cooked perfect.
Although we went around 11PM and weren't expecting too much traffic, but surprisingly people were calling in for deliveries and in no time he had 5-6 orders sent with more coming in. So I'm guessing that although it's new, the place is very popular and id definitely recommend it!Got Saag Paneer, Baingan Bharta with Garlic Naan..same thing I get everywhere. It was very good. Portion sizes great. I took home leftovers, and am looking forward to my late night snack. The staff was friendly and attentive. Very glad I found this place. 
Now for the con, there were fruit flies buzzing around as we ate. I really hope they're actively taking steps to eradicate them. I want to wait a while before I go again, and I hope in another month the fruit flies will be gone.What a great surprise!!! We tried Mood based on Yelp reviews and were blown away.  The food was excellent - well seasoned - and fabulous.  
  The place is seats about 50 but they were also doing an enormous amount of take out the night we were there.  
  Definitely our new fav Indian Restaurant.  Also they are close to Temple University. 
   Menu prices was excellent.  
  Give it a try !!!!Consistent food carried over from their old location on 4th Street and fast delivery. I had to call a couple of times before they answered the phone so keep trying. I would be happier if they gave more of the main dish with less rice at a more reasonable price, but we can't have it all.The chicken tikka masala here changed my mind about Indian cuisines. I have had Indian food in other restaurants before but never really liked it much. However, after trying this place I became a huge fan. Butter chicken was good and the garlic nan was fluffy and flavorful. If you're ever around this area make a quick stop. This small restaurant is definitely worth it.Chicken Korma and Malai Kofta....Delicious. We didn't even have any leftover to take home!!!Worst experience ever.   Waited over an hour for my food.   The driver failed to knock, and only called once and I immediately called back.   They refused to deliver my food after waiting forever.   Because they took so long to deliver there were no options for food.Best chicken tikka massala! Easy and quick ordering through Yelp.Hands down my favorite in Philly, All the dishes i have had are a cut above the rest of the Indian restaurants in the city. Restaurant is brand new and really clean plus the service is fast and prices are low. Also there is always plenty of parking.Really good food ! I usually have the chicken tiki masala. It's very tasty and fresh. This place seems like it's always dead, but I think it's more of a delivery or take out kind of place. When I go there to eat I'm usually the only one lol. But it's ok cause the food is good and the staff are very kind. Definitely recommend this place if ur craving good Indian foodEverything was amazing. Arrived super fast. Not so friendly delivery guy, but who cares! Ekta has nothing on this place. Even their spiciest has a ton of flavor. Definitely ordering again.I was very loyal to another Indian restaurant (for about 5years) but their quality diminished rapidly and as did their customer service so I decided to give Mood a try for delivery. I was very pleased with my order: Chicken Makini and Paneer Naan. This is the first place in Philly that I found offers Cheese Naan, very good cheese naan. I would certainly re-order and very soon at that.I've ordered take out from here numerous times and all the dishes are so delicious and reasonably priced. Best Samosas out of all the Indian restaurants I've tried in the city, never change the recipe! Will continue to order yummy food from hereThey have a bomb vegetarian lunch special that try as I might, I cannot give up! Comes with rice, chana masala, yummy palak paneer (they oblige my request to not include the cheese), a veggie samosa and delicous naan. A++!Very oily!!! I specifically asked them to make sure my chicken tikka masala wasn't drowning in oil but when I received it there was oil floating all over the top of the container. Beside that the naan was fresh and it was quick.I've always ordered delivery from this place through yelp eats. I don't know why we never ordered from this place even though we stay so close. Decided to give it a chance after ordering Indian food from tandoor multiple times. Now I'm an Indian who claims to be a fairly good cook so for me, finding good Indian food in Philly has been a struggle. We ordered butter chicken and dal makhani the first time. Both the dishes came with rice. Dal makhani was yummy.  Thick and creamy as it should be. Butter chicken was pretty good too. Not as good as what you get in India but much better than what I've  had from other Indian places here. The 2nd time, I ordered chicken biryani and Kheema naan. The naan was delicious. Biryani could have been spicier. Their ras malai is very nice. Do try it. 
Prices are reasonable. I'll try their lunch specials the next time.This was my first time ordering from Mood. The food was fresh and really good.  I love Indian food and will definitely order from them again. I really appreciate the delivery time, I wanted it for 2:15 and sure enough it was delivered at that time.Delicious! Great food and they deliver. Glad to be in the neighborhood. Flavorful dishes and reasonable prices. We'll go again for sure.The food is good, the delivery driver is not.  This is at least the second time the driver can't bring the food up to the apartment because "there's no parking space" only for me to go down and see... parking spaces! You do understand your lie is obvious when I go down to get the food right?
Suggest you don't tip online ahead of time and tip at the door if you can get him to bring it up to you.  Or just don't deal with the driver and order elsewhere.Delighted! First Indian restaurant I've liked since I moved to Philly! Had mulligatawny soup, lamb karahi, and masala tea. The mulligatawny was top-notch, pure spicy heaven on a cold night. The lamb was also totally on point, soft as butter, and as with the soup, was obviously made with fresh spices; the ginger was freshly grated and cooked just enough to be tender but still zesty. And props for staying open til 1am; thanks for supporting Philly nightlife!This is my favorite Indian place (for take home)
Food tastes great, I order the chicken in cream sauce and extra rice and my husband usually gets the chicken tikka. Great flavors, although -1 star because it's usually pretty expensive. Our meal is usually slightly over $30 which is a lot for 2 people for take home. We ate there once and it's BYOB, the owner was a really nice guy very attentive while we were there. This is my go to Indian place!The food was yummy. I had the aloo ghobi, papri chat, vegetable pakora and samosas. All great but I felt like I was nickel and dimed. You pay separate for rice, plain naan and mango chutney. I thought that was crazy. The only reason I cant give 5 stars.Meh. Never again with these guys.
Ordered from these guys on a whim via Grubhub, despite some of the reviews here. The food is just okay. It's your (slightly below) average indian food place you'd find anywhere. Not like hole-in-the-wall good, more like we-are-going-to-do-the-bare-minimum-and-overcharge-for-it-and-that's-how-we-run-a-business bad.
1) SMALL PORTIONS, BIG PRICE TAG
First and foremost, I spent $50 on my order (tip & delivery included), which I thought was steep, but I did it anyway, because it's Tuesday, and I'm tired. Well I paid (literally, figuratively) for that, because the portion sizes were SO SMALL. I uploaded a picture here comparing the portion sizes to my little dainty girl hand. Ordered the chicken tikka masala, saag paneer, achaar pickles, garlic naan, and mango chutney. The chutney and pickles came in those little black cups that you get condiments like ketchup or mustard in at food places. I can't believe anyone anywhere could charge for anything that came in those little things, unless maybe they were gold plated. The tins the rice came in (one tin per entree) were BIGGER than the containers the entrees came in. Come on, seriously? Better up that price range to 3 $'s, Yelp.
2) BORING FOOD
Like other reviews on here, the chicken was dry/overcooked. Saag paneer flavors were so flat and didn't marry one bit. Naan was doughy. Chutney was way too sweet, like a weird jelly of sorts. Pickles were more mush than crunchy. The food wasn't anything that will get me to come back in the future.
Don't do it, unless you like setting money on fire. Because this is, albeit, a slightly tastier way to do that.Mood delivered the wrong order. When we called, the man admitted that he made a mistake but he refused to re-deliver the correct order or reimburse me for his error.Although the delivery service and timing was great (probably why the food quality was bad), the food was not at all what I would expect from a 4-star rated Indian restaurant. The vegetable platter and lassi were good, but the malai kofta (main dish) was bland and tasteless. I had ordered it to be hot in terms of spice level but I was disappointed. The color was very light and the consistency was watery, making the meal a failure in my book. I will not be ordering from here again.I give this place 2 stars. I got delivery and my order was not complete. I called and got  my money refunded for the missing dish. Also, portions are really small for the price you pay! Food taste is not all that good either.Came in late on last Saturday night.  The food was probably the best Indian we've had in a while.  Our server was so friendly and helpful.  Sad we are moving out of the area!  You have to try!My favorite Indian place in the area. Every dish I've had has been so rich and flavorful. The medium spicy level is perfect and consistent from dish to dish.Food was spicy, but less than delicious. The interior is typical corner store orange walls chic. Best thing about this spot is it's open after hours.I ordered some Paneer Naan and samosa chaat, I don't Indian food much(to be honest I don't like Indian food but decided to give it a try as it was one of the only options on Ubereats that was vegetarian/vegan that was open so late) and it was fine. Too overpriced for such small portions, plus the delivery fee $4.99 was too much.I received my delivery quickly, which was awesome but the food was disappointing. Bland, soupy, processed-tasting saag paneer. :(I really enjoyed the vegetarian samosas! And that is coming from a person who normally would not order those. They are large and very filling. I have also tried the Chicken Tikka Masala, which is also very good. It's not the best that I have had (hence the 4 stars and not 5), but this place really does make quality food and I would recommend it!Food is great 
Had chicken Saag (leaves) and paneer butter masala 
Breads were great 
You can taste different spices without overpowering of the chili in the curry
Overall I liked the food
Restaurant location was not a very great neighbor hood I guess 
On the plus side the restaurant was open till 12 in nightWe used the delivery service on yelp. Forgot I paid with a card and mistakenly gave the driver cash in the amount of the full dinner. I called Mood the next day telling them I got charged for the food on my card and gave money to the driver. They said the driver does not work for Mood but still gave us a free dinner. They are understanding, kind and their food is delicious! Give them a shot!!This place is my new go to for Indian takeout. Delivery is pretty prompt, which is clutch when you're starving and ready to make some delicious decisions. So my go to is: chicken korma, saag paneer or chicken tikka masala, and garlic naan. I can't speak to the rest of the menu items, bc I'm basic and stick to what I like, but I will say the portions are more than generous (i would say double amount that you get from Indian Restaurant, my previous go-to). Garlic naan is especially garlicky which is key. If you like a little kick, go medium instead of mild with the spices, especially with the saag. I also love how the pieces of chicken that come in my dishes shred/come apart easily, and it'll pretty sure it's mostly white meat. The reason that the shredding part is clutch is bc you don't end up needing a knife to cut up the pieces of decent size pieces of chicken that you get (again, better than Indian Restaurant in that regard). So, go ahead and try out this place next time you're craving the curry, it's damn tasty.The worst "lachcha prantha" ever. It's definitely a week old if not more. Never ordering food here again. In fact, I wouldn't mind getting a refund for returning the food.Sorry for the late review, we are here maybe a week ago looking for something to eat not knowing what we wanted lol. Found them onYelp went and had a get meal and left overs. Sorry I can not remember what we had but it was GOOD.In one word, my entrees were - fantastic! I ordered the Lamb Rogan Josh, Vegetable Jalfrezi, and the Veggie Pakora. Couldn't have been happier with my order from start to finish. My order arrived timely, and the driver was extremely pleasant. 
As for my meal . . . The rice was perfect - light, fluffy, buttery even. The lamb and veggie entrees were incredibly savory and the portions were generous. In particular, the stewy aspects of the dishes make it clear that no corners have been cut. These are dishes that take time to make in order to meld the ingredients and produce such rich and savory flavors. Clearly evident. I loved it. I just wanted a "real meal" with actual vegetables which I have found difficult to come by in Philly. Usually, vegetarian means satan and items pretending to be meat. So, I'm ecstatic to have have found a place to come by a well-rounded meal complete with actual vegetables. Thanks guys . . . great job!Ordered as delivery to a hotel.  Service was great, the food was pretty awful. The vegetables were mushy (had been frozen), and greasy (really, really greasy), and the rice tasted like cardboard.  The tomato soup was delicious though.
Most definitely the worst Indian food I've ever had.Our usual Indian spot was closed, so our cravings made us try Mood.  We were glad we did!  Jalfrezi and Karahi were very tasty, but the Saag took the prize! Delivery was sooner than predicted for an extra bonus.  They even threw in a Galub dessert for us!  Mood just cracked into our rotation!It's not home-cooked and it's not exactly the kind of food you'd get in India, but for Philly Indian takeout this place is the best.  Mutter paneer and dal makhani are super yum.  I typically find chicken tikka masala too boring but I like it from Mood.This is probably one of my favorites in the city of Philadelphia. I stumbled upon this place once and have been their customer ever since and I must say, their food only gets better. Malai kofta, dal makhani and chicken makhani are my recommended dishes.Rude doesn't understand customers service , argues back at customers when they are checking on food. Never order from these food individuals again .Ordered delivery twice and the food was excellent.  Plates and utensils came with it.  Rice was amazing as was the lamb vidaloo and mixed grill.  My girlfriend was also pleased with the vegetarian selection.Flawless, reasonably-priced generous servings of Indian food.  What more could one need in life?Their food is delicious. The restaurant itself doesn't look like anything fancy, but they do take-out as well. The chicken makhani and salmon tandoori are both favorites of mine. 
The garlic naan is must!Ok so not only do I think that the Indian food in Philly is a completely overpriced ripoff after living in NYC forever and knowing how little it costs there...like I can get chicken tikka masala, naan, saag/palak paneer, a samosa, a tiny cup of Dahl & mint/tamarind chutney for $15 whereas here that costs $40.  I just ordered the palak paneer that came with the longest hair in it ever that I got to pull out of my throat and mouth...THANKS now I can't even eat that because I am so grossed out and disgusted by the food...& I had called the restaurant after initially ordering from Grubhub and ordered the samosa after already ordering from Grubhub and charging it to my card and the guy says: You have to pay for that. Yeahhhh I figured as much.  Delivery guy shows up and says $5.  Well I thought they charged my card and nope they didn't.  Meanwhile it is freezing outside and I have no shoes on because I came down thinking I'm just grabbing the bag of food and I literally have no cash on me or upstairs so then there is this whole back and forth of the guy telling me I need to go get my card and call the restaurant and charge the $5 etc...which I'm not doing all that for something I thought was already taken care of and by then I am so cold that I just told him to take the samosas out of the bag and take it back.  Then the restaurant calls me and says you ordered this and I told you you had to pay for it and I say yeah I thought you charged my card.  Then he tells me the guy is coming back and I'm just all NO....I am not coming back downstairs it is freezing!  But the HAIR IN THE FOOD...that takes the cake...GROSS!!!Excellent Indian food!  Definitely one of most unheard places for India, perhaps because of its location. I chanced upon this one while craving for Indian food one night. I had ordered in, got a paneer masala and veg biryani- both were brilliant! I think delivery was free, no-brained if looking to order-in Indian IMO. Hope you enjoy it as much as I did :)What an amazing place to fill you up... 
I highly recommend the Mango drink and the Bread they offer, as well as the rice and amazing soup selection. I am totally full.white sauce is watered down like milk not thick. ruin meal.battered vegetables tasted lefted over from day beforeWe have ordered from this restaurant so many times. It has always been a good meal. Then this evening we received our order and found what was requested as mild was simply too hot to eat! I called the restaurant and was laughed at for being "rediculous". I will never order from there again. Now I don't have dinner tonight. Boo!Ordered food for delivery and they were prompt the food arrived hot and quickly. Everything was tasty will definitely order again. We had the Samosa Chaat, Chicken masala, Paneer Naan, Mango Lassi couldn't eat it a and I have plenty left over for lunch at work tomorrow lolHere I am on New Year's Day hungover and in no mood to figure out dinner. My usual go to for Indian delivery is King of Tandoor but I wanted to try a different place. 
I ordered the chicken makani, tandoori chicken, plain naan and the paneer pakora.  Everything with tip and delivery was just under $40 and arrived in an hour. 
I wasn't that much a fan of the pakora but everything else was very good. As a matter of fact, the tandoori chicken was just so delicious. Just what the doctor ordered.Phenomenal late night Indian Delivery (open til 2am!).  I highly recommend.  Makhani was on point.This place has gotten terrible and inconsistent. I order korma, sag paneer,vindaloo and makhani . They all are different every single time but tonite it was all watery and blandMy favorite Indian food in philly. Have ordered delivery more than 20 times and eaten at the restaurant. Specifically love the chat and chicken makhani.I ordered delivery from them and my reaction can be summer up as "meh." Below average food to say the least. You overpay for tiny portions. I read reviews that said the portions were small, but I did not expect them to be this small. 
I ordered the paneer masala, chicken korma, onion kulcha, vegetable pakora, and sweet lassi. Half of the lassi was in the bag by the time it arrived. I'm also not 100% sure that my order was correct. The paneer masala was boring. That's the best way to describe it. I asked for spicy and it certainly was not.Bish, if there's more than one negative comment within this comment section. Those mother fudgers are lying through their teeth. This place is PHUCKING AMAZING and the food is the best in Philly, hands down! Don't knock it until you try!Unfortunately, I was disappointed with my meal from Mood last week. We ordered take out and the food was prepared very quickly, maybe 5 minutes max. We paid $35 for 2 entrees and one piece of garlic naan. 
The naan was probably the best part of the entire meal. The entrees were mostly rice, which was fluffy and delicious, but the actual dishes left much to be desired. The chicken in the vindaloo dish was extremely dry, and the sauce had very little flavor. It basically tasted like plain tomato sauce. The lamb and spinach dish also was quite dry, but at least had more flavor than the vindaloo dish.
After paying $35, we really hoped to have a meal that was more flavorful and impressive. I would love to give them another try because I see great reviews here, but I don't think that will be happening anytime soon.Fast delivery through grub hub, and the chicken tikka tasted like it was missing essential ingredients. Overpriced for subpar taste. Never again.Last night I ordered some of the most atrocious mediocre Indian Food I have ever eaten in my entire life I am actually sad and feel sorry for the owner!Below average food. Not worth the price. 
I ordered chicken biryani, egg biryani and tandoori Kanab. None of them taste good. Chicken not cooked well. Delivery was on time.
Won't order again.Ordered delivery with them chicken pakora & chicken malabar OMG it's just raw chicken battered please stay away @1:45Am u were just so perfect for our hungerDelivery was a nice and prompt, early, even.
I ordered spicy saag paneer, garlic naan, masala tea, and rasmalai. The saag was an okay texture but lacked a base flavor. Paneer cubes were a decent size, chewy and of okay flavor. Naan is one large piece of bread--this was well seasoned, but kind of chewy. Tea was paler and plainer than I've historically found it to be and somewhat watery. Rasmalai was the highlight of the meal--3 to an order: sweet, light, and refreshing--perfectly done. 
To be fair, I am picky about my saag/palak dishes and I try to order more of a tikka masala/butter/makhani dish to judge a restaurant by because I am able to be more openminded with these dishes, but I was definitely more disappointed than delighted. I may order again and get more of a cream based sauce to try. Really just gave it a try because of prices but I think maybe the quality is reflected in the discount.I found this by accident while walking on Girard Avenue and now I am regular diner here. The owner is from Pakistan and I have never seen anyone more humble like him. He always there to greet people and show them the table. He suggested me chicken dishes as it was my first time. I was skeptical about getting a starter but he assured me that the samosa chat is the best and I have to try it. I am glad I did. The chaat was perfect with right amount of lentils, sauce, chutney and yogurt. I was full just by one plate of that chaat so if you plan to eat more then you have to probably share your food with someone. Ambience is not very impressive, the interior design is pretty basic and they can accommodate max of 25people at a time.  Entrees are delicious and vegetarians can find many different dishes for themselves. It is must to go restaurant if you are looking for some spicy Indian and Pakistani food.I love the Jumbo Shrimp Karachi and Nan. I used Uber Eats to get my food. I ordered the same dish two days in a row.Ordered a bunch of things for a group of 8 and everything was delicious and packed very well. They have us a ton of rice and I wish I had known that so I wouldn't have ordered 3 portions of rice. Ended up with enough rice to feed a dozen people. The chicken kebabs and dal were really good. And we got the bread basket which we loved.By a very significant margin this was the worst Indian food I've ever had. Soupy, bland entrees that taste like oil and butter with a few sad, bottom-dollar ingredients sprinkled in. I got home a microwaved a frozen pizza. My boyfriend ate it and regretted it.I've only eaten here two or three times over a couple of years because I'm the only one in my household who particularly likes Indian cuisine and I like to try new places as well as proven favorites. But with that said, this place is probably THE proven favorite for me at this point. Prior to my last experience with them, it had been about a year since I was there. I lived in Fishtown at the time and was able to casually walk over. I had some thoroughly satisfying Lamb Vindaloo that time. I don't remember much about the service other than that it was fine and didn't leave me with any negative feelings. 
Fast forward to the more recent time. I live in Chinatown now and decided to spontaneously get some Indian, so I ordered. I rolled the dice a bit and got the Salmon Bhuna. I say I rolled the dice not because I haven't tried excellent salmon curry before, but because I'm always a bit more wary about ordering fish than meat or poultry, especially to be delivered. Delivery was fairly prompt, and what time did pass between the dish's completion and its arrival at my apartment was in no way sufficient to dull my enjoyment of the dish. The portion was generous (and balanced in terms of sauce, onions, and fish), the spice level was on point, and the salmon was at the platonic ideal of cooked salmon texture. Just thinking about it now and how great it would be if I were to order & eat it fresh at the restaurant has me salivating. 
It's less of an achievement, but the garlic naan was enjoyable both times I've ordered it, though it obviously did lose a little by having to be delivered this last time. Still, that's going to happen with any naan that needs to be packaged after it cooks. 
I'd highly recommend this to anyone looking for Indian food in Philadelphia.Ordered chicken curry and garlic naan for pick up last night. THE WORST Indian food I've ever had. First off, half of the chicken was raw. Not sure how that could happen but I basically flushed my money down the drain. Also the sauce tasted bland and not spicy at all. However, the bread was very good.This was my second time ordering for delivery. It had been months before my last delivery and now I know why. The delivery was super prompt. Ordered the kheema naan and basically tossed it out after two bites. The lamb was so dry and stale looking. I don't even know how to describe it. The Paneer and peas dish was good and the rice was made to perfection. But I won't be ordering from here again.DO NOT ORDER FROM THIS PLACE!! Tonight I ordered the paneer saag and the lamb rogan josh and I might as well have just flushed 40 dollars down the toilet. The lamb was slimy and the sauce was so watered down and with no flavor at all. The paneer saag tasted like creamed spinach. It was disgusting. Also the paneer was just thrown on top, not cooked in like it normally is. Coming from someone that eats these dishes frequently at other places I was extremely disappointed. The food also came surprisingly fast....which at first I was excited about but after tasting it I realized that everything was probably just sitting out forever in a pot and was quickly reheated. Definitely not fresh. The people that think this food is good have probably never eaten Indian food before. Trust me, it shouldn't taste like this. Don't waste your money.Ordered the papri chaat, chicken makhni and kheer. Everything was delicious, service was great. If you like spicy food, definitely order the extra spicyLove the atmosphere and delicious food. Great prices with great customer service. A place for Indian food lovers.Live around the corner from here and tried it for the first time the other night. Surprised at how delicious everything was. 
I ordered a lamb dish and it was so juicy and delicious. We also ordered chicken briyani, veggie samosas and naan!
The price was pretty reasonable as for the portions were very large! Just wish they included more chicken and lamb in the dishes. 
Can't wait to order again.The poori was incredibly soft and warm. 5/5. Highly recommend dipping it in the samosa chaat.
The samosa chaat has a good ratio of vegetables to samosa. I really liked the yogurt texture that added a creamy flavor to it. 4.5/5Absolutely great food at UNBEATABLE prices! Amazing customer service and hospitality and wait for it...they stay open until 1am! I came here late one night with my girl and she and I loved it. Coming here puts a smile on my face!We just ordered delivery from Mood and wow, did it put us in a good mood. The saag paneer was flavorful and delicious. The mixed tandoor was good for all of us. The rhuna lamb was tender and delicious. We will definitely order again. 
Thank you. Keep cooking, stay safe and sane.more popular for take-out than dine-in. If they added a bit of love to the dining room, I think they'd have more people in. Put some music on please! You end up just hearing phone call orders going through. some dim lighting and christmas lights would help the vibe, since it's a BYOB it'd make it feel less weird while drinking a bottle of wine in silence with your friend/date. The food is great though, and they make it really spicy if you ask. Also good appetizers, and the price is fair. I'd get it delivered if I was in the area, it's a destination place for me.The poori was incredibly soft and warm. 5/5. Highly recommend dipping it in the samosa chaat.
The samosa chaat has a good ratio of vegetables to samosa. I really liked the yogurt texture that added a creamy flavor to it. 4.5/5