Ok so I have been wanting to try out this little spot for a whole now. My twin sister recommended it and she knows how much I love to eat and try new things. Our father has always taught us to try something  once before we decided that we don't like it. You never know what's out there if you don't open yourself up to new things. We'll let me tell you how pleasantly surprised I was when I finally ate at moonstruck. Wow the food was amazing, tastes full and well seasoned.I will be returning! I tried the calamari which was so tender it melted in mouth and the sauce amazing !!! For my entree I had the scallops with pesto risotto yumm yum yumm. This place needs to be known by more food lovers !!Ok first I must say it's been a few years since I've eaten here. When my grandfather came over from England for a visit he wanted to go to a nice restaurant. We decided on Moonstruck because of its location (right near our home) and we heard wonderful things about it. The service was good and the place was clean. I had the chicken that they were serving and it was delicious. They don't overload you with food. The amount you get is just enough to fill you. It is rather pricy but I feel it's well worth it. I would definitely recommend coming here.The food was spot on!  I had the seasonal special.  It was seared salmon fillet with zucchini and mashed potatoes and goat cheese salad.  My wife had the Tortelloni and Peperoni. Peperoni is actually vegetarian antipasti that consists of roasted red pepper, arugula, and fresh mozzarella.
The service was slow but courteous.  Ambiance was classy but dated.
I went here because I wanted to go to a place that is quiet, even when it's busy.  I know that's hard but googled "quiet restaurants philadelphia" and this was one of the ones I found.  It was fairly quiet and that is why I drove 30 minutes from my house.
I would go there again but I'm sure you can find similar food quality in Center City Philadelphia.I was a little worried. Moonstruck? Fox Chase? Pre Fix? But I was going with a work crowd, so I took the plunge, and hey, it was a really nice meal...
The Arancini strangely had nothing to do with oranges, but are what my mom simply called rice balls - a delux version oozing w/ mozzarella. The salmon, I mean salmone, was well-seasoned and the cous cous was perfect - al dente if that's possible for the humble cous. Finally the spiced pumpkin cake was vaguely pumpkin and a little dense, but otherwise not too sweet & very satisfying.
If the work crowd forces me to Fox Chase again I'd totally agree to go back. For the price it was great.Delicious, authentic Italian.  The ambience is quiet and reserved, but. , the decor is casual and comfortable. The servers, including the hostess, were friendly, accommodating and efficient.  I had beef braciole, stuffed with more beef, cheese and spinach. It was cooked until tender, but not overdone.  It was served with papperdelle, which was cooked aldente.  My husband had pork medallions in an orange, marsala sauce. Yes, orange marsala! It was simply succulent.  It was served with kale polenta. This was all on the $ 35 fixed menu. Each coming with dessert.  I had creme brulee and my husband had chocolate bread pudfing. Both tasted homemade with care.The moment you walk in you are greeted by the host who is VERY accommodating. I believe her name is Claire. She actually put together my husband and I's rehearsal dinner a while back too and she did a great job.
ANYWAYYYYS, we decided to come here last Thursday on a whim. I would have to say Moonstrucks service is great, but the menu is just meh. We were seated right away and it took us a long time to figure out what we wanted. Nothing really stood out to either of us what-so-ever. We ended up both starting with the caprese salad special. Presentation was wonderful, but it ended up being pretty underwhelming. It also didn't have any balsamic on it which I found weird for a caprese. For entrees we ended up just going with pasta dishes. The spinach gnocchi for myself and my husband ordered the fettuccine with bolognese sauce. The gnocchi was pretty good. I especially liked the Gorgonzola sauce it was in. However, my last bite I bit into a very hard seed. Glad it wasn't my first bite because it turned my off SO much. Also not sure where the seed came from considering it was dumplings? Moonstruck isn't terrible in any sense it's just definitely not our first choice.  
Side note: We held our rehearsal dinner in the Victor Room downstairs which held everyone comfortably and holds around 20-40 people. We had a pre-fixed menu and everything was good from what I remember. 
Moonstruck also offers a pre-fixed dinner every night. Three courses for $35.It's really nice that the owner stops at every table. However, maybe a little too often. But the food is just unbelievable. I can honestly say that this was the best and most fork tender veal I have ever had and I mean ever! And the special, a filet in a marsala reduction, was equally as wonderful. 
Since I've made clams in white wine sauce (really good ones I might add) these were just slightly under done but the barley and sauce were spectacular. You wanted the good bread they serve to dip and soak up that great sauce. Great meal and awesome service. We'll return again and again.Absolutely love this place. There is nothing else like it in Northeast Philadelphia and the nearby suburbs. It's not cheap but the service is tops and the preparation shows skill and care. The wine list is above average and not overpriced, same with the wines by the glass. The prix-fixe menu available on certain nights is a great value. We've also had special occasion events in the private rooms and those were handled professionally as well.As far as the eats go, this is pretty delicious! Set in decent size portions, the service is friendly and efficient. I particularly enjoyed the enticing combination of vegetables. However, the price tag is not very enticing. Everything here is upscale and pricey and certainly not an option for those on a budget. I would go here for a fancy wedding party or perhaps an inaugural ball.Moostruck is lucky to get a 1 from me.  The food was fair.  My husband and I picked up the tab for 4 other people:  the elderly grandmother in the family, her daughter, our son and his daughter.  Four generations and I can tell you from how things were that it is not, as one reviewer stated, a place for old people either.  We had a nice greeting when we entered and we had been to this place before but not often.  Only the grandmother and her daughter live in the area.  Our son owns a fine dining  restaurant in Oregon so he clearly knows how a restaurant should be run.  Our order was taken and then the wait began.  Our reservation was for 7 pm and we walked out after 10.  The very elderly waiter disappeared for long periods where we sat with no food.  Finally about an hour and a half after arriving, we receivied our entrees.  At the end, the waiter was nowhere in sight to take a dessert order and dirty dishes were all over the table.  Even after pleas to other help, our waiter did not come to the table.  Finally, my son bused the table!  No lie.  No apology, no explanation.  We all passed on dessert.  For $179, we deserved MUCH better service.  The food was not extraordinary enough to make up for our treatment.  It was like pulling teeth just to get the check.  
What astonished us was that so many people were there.  Obviously, Fox Chase has little to offer for a nice eventing out.  We nearly walked out to the pizza joint next door.We love Moonstruck. We have been going for years and are never disappointed. We were there last week with my daughter and Grandmom. We shared the grilled shrimp appetizer with grapefruit and prosciutto. It was delicious. We all loved our arugula and pear salads. Grandmom and I enjoyed our chicken and filet mignonette entrees. My daughter absolutely loved her Osso buco lamb. It melted in your mouth. The servers are all fantastic.
We will continue to frequent Moonstruck in the future and recommend it to everyone.Still good after all these years...A friend & I had dinner there recently & loved it. We have been there before & loved it but forgot about this place with so many restaurants opening & closing in the area.
The food was wonderful, the service was great & the ambiance unpretentious.
We are definitely going back.This restaurant is for real.  Moonstruck was tasteful, the ambiance was very appealing, the service was outstanding, the value to price was worth every penny.  We were there for my wife's birthday and she couldn't have been happier with the choice.  Who needs to go to center city when you this type of jewel right in the NE.  Simply put...OUTSTANDING...This has to be the most elegant restaurant in my neighborhood. The Food is splendid. When you walk in you feel the elegance of it. The hostess is very friendly and seats you fast. Your waiter gives you this ultra tasty bread. I started off with the Caesar salad (since this is an Italian restaurant of course). It is tasty and fresh. My main course was the filet mignon. It is served with mashed potatoes and asparagus. The filet was tender and had a nice crust on the outside. For dessert I had Pantone pudding. It is basically bread pudding. It was very good. The service was great. I will be back very soonI didn't make any solid plans on New Year's Eve. The spot I planned to visit for NYE in Glenside was, shockingly, closed this year.  I've decided to venture into Fox Chase more often since I live close by and have found some great places here, like Rieker's Prime Meats, a few doors up from Moonstruck. We showed up without a reservation and were seated quickly.  I think we just made it early enough, because the place was packed shortly after we arrived.  
The entertainment was nice.  An organist/vocalist, some standards, a nice old school vibe all around.  I didn't grow up around Fox Chase; but I spent most of my youth in upscale Italian restaurants.  I felt right at home here.  The place is very well appointed, but not pretentious at all.  You could have strolled in wearing your finest fur or tailored suit, which many were; or dressed very casually.  Everyone was just there to have a nice dinner and relax.
The service was excellent.  Drinks served immediately, glasses and plates cleared instantly.  Everything arrived quickly, and we were never neglected.  The service was also polite and never overbearing.  Probably the best service I've had in a very long time.  I was impressed.
The food was excellent as well.  I had a great spinach salad with roquefort and bacon to start.  Main course was a large, very well braised, lamb shank.  The side of risotto was a little heavy on undercooked shallot, but otherwise everything was pretty much perfect.  The carrots and sauce with lamb were fantastic.
I'll definitely be returning, and look forward to trying some pasta dishes.  I'm glad I found a decent Italian restaurant in the area.  If the prices were a bit lower, I would have likely given five stars.  Prices on salads were pretty steep, and a Caesar or house salad is usually included with main course at this style restaurant.  Maybe  this was just NYE thing? If I'm happy with the prices on the regular menu, I'll definitely update my rating.The food was outstanding.  Went for my moms birthday. Little pricy but you get what you pay for.  Great quality and amazing food. I will definitely be going backThe atmosphere is wonderful, the owner is incredibly involved. He goes around the restaurant making sure everyone is happy having a good time and enjoying their food. The food is wonderful and full of flavors. The service is impeccable. I suggest stopping in if you're having a special occasion or simply trying to treat yourself and another.Moonstruck provides a fantastic fine dining experience that you wouldn't expect to find tucked away in Fox Chase. The hardest part is deciding what to have - every dish on the menu sounds even better than the last. Everything we have ordered has been outstanding. The service is great, and the atmosphere is quiet but very pleasant. I highly recommend Moonstruck!Had a great experience tonight at moonstruck. A friend recommended this place after hearing that I lived nearby. I've been looking for a local gem and this place is it. From the second we walked in we were welcomed with great service. The owner, Toto, was so accommodating and sweet. Looking forward to going backBeen here many times for drinks or dinner with my boyfriend's parents. Carol makes the best martinis. Everything on the menu is delicious. Servers are helpful and polite.Very Disappointing
We had not eaten at this restaurant for years because we no longer live in the area, but it had always been a favorite so we decided to give it a try. We love Italian food and have travelled to Italy a number of times. Unfortunately, the food was a major disappointment. Four of us had dinner and no one liked any of the dishes, except for one appetizer (the clams). We had the Osso Bucco, Fettuchine and pork pre-fix dinners.  Even the soup special was not appetizing. Again, what a major disappointment to not enjoy your meal and to pay a hefty price for the meal. The part that WAS impressive about this restaurant was the service which was excellent and accommodating. The atmosphere, still nice is  beginning to show wear and tear.  But we will not return again because of the food.we have eaten here for several years on special occasions..
the food is excellent but pricey.. the portions are not large, but just fine.
the service is great always. and most important the place is very clean.
We look foward to going back there next week for a birthday dinner.
you need to dress up a bit for this fine resturant.I went  to Moonstruck last night for the first and last time.  I like fine dining but the prices at this place were unreasonable and the food portions were very small. I ordered a $9 dollar glass of wine; seriously. My wifes coffee and Crostada were both served to her cold, and the service was just ok . There are other places you can go to in Philly where the ambience is as good or better .Places like Victors Cafe; 1300 Dickenson, or Franco & Luigis; 13th & Tasker. Both of these places have Opera singing waiters. Also Criniti's ; Broad & Shunk is good. The food was just so so and the portion as previously stated were small. When I go to an Italian Restaurant I usually leave loosening my belt. When I left Moonstruck I was tempted to go down the street to Josephs for a slice of pizza. Like I always say nothing ventured nothing gained. If you think that price is what makes a place good than this is your spot, but I go for the food.Came here for a drug presentation so menu was set.  My main dish was filet mignon which was cooked the way I ordered. The salad was delicious. I remember scraping my plate clean to the last bit of fennel.  Their menu looks mouthwatering so I will be back. (especially for "taglierini"  which is the saffron linguine and crabmeat entree) The atmosphere is very romantic so it's a great place for anniversary's or date nites.Let me just say this-if you are in the area or do not want to go out of your way for good italian-DO NOT come here. 
For the price I paid I could have gone somewhere in center city or to Michelangelo's (for a cheaper and much better meal). 
We were a table of four and were treated well. The service was good and the drinks were good but the food-so so. 
For appetizers we had the Caesar salad (fabulous) calamari (good) and the layered eggplant with mozzarella and basil (not bad). 
our entrees were a vegetable lasagna, trout, salmon with risotto (very good) and a disappointing pasta dish (with peas, asparagus, and pesto sauce) which they attempted to charge me $23 for, when on the menu it was $13. They up-charge $10 if you are having it as your entree so make sure you tell them you want two appetizers if that's what you plan to do. 
Another person at my table had ordered the pre fix trout meal which included mussels as an appetizer and a dessert which the waitress never offered to bring out to us, when said person ordered a different dessert. 
I really wanted to host my 25th birthday party here, seeing as though they have several private rooms, but because the quality of the food was not worth the price-I will go elsewhere.This place is a gem. Quaint, Classy great ambiance. 
Now to the food..... very yummy.
I had the Stripped Sea Bass. Very Nice!
Partner had the Pre- Fixe Pollo with Pan Fried Mozzarella.
The food was divine, we happened upon a light night, not many folks in, awaiting the 1st snow of the yr.
I'd expect this type of place downtown. Great find!I always love the ambience and the food here! My favorite dessert is the black and white creme brûlée!After driving by for years, we finally made our way in to check this place out.  It was my birthday & my husband & I wanted a local night out  with our kids for a good meal.
I wasn't disappointed!
VERY GOOD FOOD
SUPERIOR SERVICE
Worth every penny- didn't find it too expensive like other reviewers stated.
Only 4 stars because it was a somewhat limited menu. However- they are willing to work with you to create the perfect dish- even for the kids. So ask.
I would definitely reccommend a salad & appetizer to get started. The entree portions might not be filling enough if that's all you were to eat.Slow service. Mediocre food. This place is definitely for the old folks.Our second visit to Moonstruck was even better than the first. Lenny remembered us right away and even remembered what we had on our first visit. They'd read our review and were appreciative of our comments. Hey, they deserved it. 
We were treated like celebrities. Lenny recommended specials based on what we had on our first visit. Although I can't remember the names of the dishes, mine was a Tilapia dish and Steve had a beef medallion dish. Both dishes were great. The Tilapia had Scallops, Asparagus, mashed potatoes and a red wine sauce. The beef medallions came in a Marsala sauce 
We also had toasted bread with pesto and a tomato sauce on the side. This took Steve back to his Italian roots :) "Exactly how grandma use to make it". 
We also tried the sauteed calamari with spinach and nuts. 
We had the same dessert as last time but this time our chef was kind enough to make it without the orange and raspberry layers. It was so good we had almost finished it by the time Lenny came to ask us how it was. lol. 
Can't wait to visit again. I received a birthday coupon in my email so maybe that'll be my excuse to go back so soon!The atmosphere is quiet and elegant and the food is absolutely delicious! The menu has a good number of seafood options and they are beautifully prepared. They offer a 35.00 pre fix menu as well which I will be back to try! This is a more expensive night out but worth every penny.Always feel like a welcome guest ever time we dine at Moonstruck. The food is always fresh and prepared with great care. Old favorites are blended with some innovative specials to keep things interesting. We always return and enjoy or experience.Awesome bread and soups to start with new twists on the fresh peace. Nicely sauced and garnish in shredded veg. Stay away from pasta which is not that interesting.A nice upscale Italian restaurant with friendly staff. They are very accommodating and I love the atmosphere. Their food is amazing, their drinks are perfect and the location is great. The owner is very sweet as he came around tables to make sure our experience was up to par. I ordered the muscles and they were fresh, stuffed salmon with a perfect blend of crab meat, and I highly recommend the white cosmo drink!The food was delicious. The staff was unattractive and odd. Overpriced but again the food was delicious - surprisingly. I don't think I'd go back again.My bridal shower was held upstairs at Moonstruck. We have had many family party's here over the years, so she it was time to plan my bridal shower, my mom chose moonstruck without hesitation. She worked closely with Claire who made the whole process simple for her. Harriet was the event manager the day of the shower. She was so attentive and caring the whole time. She made sure everything went smoothly and took care of everything we needed. The food and service were absolutely fabulous. Moonstruck is a hidden gem in fox chase -- the upstairs room is so beautiful and can be transformed to fit any event. I highly recommend moonstruck for your next special event.One of the best dining experiences I have had in awhile. I can't convey how polite and prompt the staff and service is. Atmosphere is relaxing and calming. I highly recommend the Caprese salad when the tomatoes are in season. Food was superb and came out in a timely manner. Better make reservations on the weekend. Pricey but worth the cost. I can't wait until when we can return!One of my favorites! Consistently good food and service.  Try the pork shoulder or short ribs - excellent.   Very tasty mussels. Beautiful dining room.Delicious food, no matter what you get. The servers are friendly and helpful in answering questions about the menu, and the environment is intimate and very cozy. The owner will stop by and make sure your meal is satisfactory, and is very appreciative to the patrons, which is endearing.This is one of my family's go-to upscale restaurants. If we are planning a nicer dinner together or family from out of town comes to visit, we always make reservations at Moonstruck. It is so consistent here with regards to service and atmosphere, preparation of the food, as well as presentation that I feel as if there's not much more to say. You can't go wrong by visiting Toto's restaurant. 
Some key items to try would be any of their homemade pastas. Their soups, of which one changes regularly (soup of the day), are always exceptional. Finally, if you're really craving something they don't have, ask! They are more than willing to go above and beyond to make your experience more than satisfactory and have always been able to make me an off-menu chicken piccata or veal parmesan. Thanks so much Moonstruck, and keep it up!Took my girlfriend for her birthday and she couldn't stop thanking us.   Our meals were first class along with the atmosphere and the service.  Told my husband next date night we are heading to moonstruck!!!!!I was disappointed by my dinner here. So disappointed that I questioned the taste of the friend who recommended it. The food was bland and the ambiance outdated and bordering on cheesy. I agree with other comments that there are better and restaurants for the money.Good local place , food is really good , could use some decor updatingSuch a great experience dining out with my husband for our 2nd wedding anniversary! The atmosphere was perfect, service was on point and the food was incredible. So happy we chose Moonstruck. It might be our new spot to celebrate our wedding anniversary every year! It's hard to believe such a gem of a restaurant isn't down town, but located right in Fox Chase.This place is the best. My wife and I love the food, service, and atmosphere. Recommend this place to everyone.I took my husband here for his birthday. The atmosphere was excellent, the food delicious, and the service was impeccable. Step off the busy Fox Chase street through the old fashioned double door entrance and you are transported to a Mad Men-esque dining experience. The old fashioned glamour and charm provide the perfect backdrop to the scrumptious fare. The Fuego is a must to try as well as the house special lemonade vodka. Also, their Tiramisu was amazing!!! This was not just dinner, it was a memorable encounter that we will cherish fondly. We will definitely be back for future celebrations.There's a parking lot in the back!
This is a nice place for a date. The server was awesome and so friendly. I forgot his name but I just remember him talking about college.
I had their meatballs. They were good and tender but I was I think they were overrated by the staff. 
I had the short rib and it was delicious! Stuffed mushrooms were great. The cheesecake was perfect and tasty. The comp bread and sauce was great.Listennn...I want what I want and when I want it. I'm super polite when I ask for it and I never have any expectations, because if you can't modify I completely understand. MOONSTRUCK IS A1 they have met my needs time and time again. Alfredo sauce ain't on the menu but they'll sure as hell make it for ya and make it well! They're sweet they're swift and they're yummy to the tummy.Moonstruck has been one of my favorite restaurants for, well, many a moon. I used to live in Fox Chase, so it was the go to place anytime a special occasion came around (like a day ending in Y). I missed it while I was living in Las Vegas and always made a point of going there whenever I came back to Philly to visit my family. And now that I'm living in Center City, it's definitely worth the train ride.
Moonstruck is a nicely upscale Italian restaurant, but one that is not pretentious nor crazy expensive. Over the years I've been going there, the quality has been amazingly consistent. In all my visits, I've never had a bad meal. I can't think of a place in my experience that has been so reliable for so long. Among my favorites recently are the Pappardelle with Wild Mushrooms and Rosemary, the Crespelle with Lump Crab Meat, and the Scallops with pesto risotto and a sweet corn broth. But I am totally obsessed with their Brodetto, which is perhaps the best fish stew in the city. I may be exaggerating, but, then again, maybe not. The menu doesn't seem to change very often, which is both a good thing and a bad thing.
The wine list is pretty basic and not particularly interesting, but they do allow BYO on Wednesdays and Sundays.
The service is always excellent in that friendly, neighborhood kind of way.
In most cities, Moonstruck would be a premier Italian restaurant. Given the competition in Philly, I have to admit it's not among the elite but it is damn fine.Upon entering Moonstruck I immediately noticed it was much fancier than expected, considering the location. The Maitre'd was in a full tuxedo. I began to wonder if entering with jeans and sneakers would be a problem. However, we were seated with no issues at all. 
Authentic Italian food! The menu is in Italian with English descriptions underneath. Many of the ingredients are made on location including desserts such as the ice creams. We were seated in a small room near the entrance. The room was decorated with mirrors and glass. 
Our waiter, Lenny, was awesome. He was helpful, pleasant, and funny. He even shook our hands on the way out. A chef also came out to tell us "buon appetito". 
Each table is served bread with a plate of pesto and olive oil for dipping. I was addicted. 
Appetizer: Salumi - sharp provolone, soppressata, prosciutto, capicola, and olives. Steve was excited to see soppressata on the menu so we had to order this. Although it was delicious, we would have liked to see a slightly bigger portion. I'd like to try the Calamari on our next visit. 
I had the Costata in Camicia. It is herbed and parmigiano crusted rack pork chop with broccoli rape and golden raisins. $23. This was a nice sized plate. The pork chop was the biggest I've seen served at a restaurant. The breading was perfect and not overwhelming at all. This was very good. I think it was well worth the price. 
Steve had the Noci di Manzo. It was grilled beef nodini with gorgonzola cheese, crispy potato cake and grilled radicchio. $29. The beef was cooked perfectly, medium well, as ordered. The dish bursts with flavor. The sauce was a great compliment to the meat. I've never seen Steve stop to savor the flavor of any meal. This is the kind of dish that makes you want to slow down and take your time. The portion was definitely smaller than mine but he was more than satisfied. 
Dessert: Torta - a layer of dark chocolate, Mandarin mousse and chocolate cake with a cup of coffee. The perfect ending to a great meal.We went one night with 2 $50 gift certificiates that a friend gave us. The food was delicious and the service was great. However we were very disappointed that they would not let us use both gift certificates. Nowhere on the gift certs did it say that you could only use one at a time. Poor communication on the restaurants part and we will not go back for this reason alone.5 Stars for this place by far. i went here for the first time and all i can say is i would reccomend this place 110% the atmosphere was romantic the service was great the price is high but it is worth every penny. The food is amazing. It was a great Valentines' night with my Love. i had filet mashed potatoes and asparagus and lobster tail PERFECT. The potatoes so tasty and the steak was so so tender it melted in my mouth. Dessert OMG delicious creme brulee the best i ever had.I ate here on 4/5 and had an excellent experience.  The restaurant was very clean and the ambiance was classy.  The staff was extremely courteous, as was our Albanian waiter(can't remember his name).  He was very helpful with food descriptions and recommendation;, very polite and interactive.  The food was excellent.  I had the braised short ribs, the shrimp & asparagus bisque, and the cured meat tray.  Excellent all around, especially the ribs, which were extremely tender.  Other people in my party had the calves liver and filet with gorgonzola.  Both were excellent.  The calf liver was properly prepared, despite it being a difficult food to cook.  I highly recommend this restaurant and will be a return customer.We became engaged at this restaurant 35 years ago (under the DeLullo name), and decided to return for our 35th wedding anniversary. It was just perfect. They had just opened up inside dining due to COVID, and we were placed at a table with much privacy. We deliberately went on a Sunday night to avoid even minimal crowds- it worked. The ambience is beautiful- intimate and romantic- with soft classical music playing. Carlo was our waiter and was knowledgeable, polite, friendly and attentive. He's also a great photographer as we asked him to take a photo of us... the meals were outstanding - my husband had salmon and I had the homemade ravioli as entrees. Everything was fresh and the presentation/plating was superb. Our shared dessert was presented to us with a lit candle and a warm "Happy Anniversary." We don't live near here but our visit to Moonstruck was special and memorable. Highly recommend!I tried this place twice and each time I had great service and food was delicious. Best then any other Italian restaurants in the Northeast Philly area. Place was huge and plenty of parking behind the building!I took my girlfriend here on a Saturday night for her birthday dinner before the Steven Wright show at the Keswick theater. We had a phenomenal meal, the staff was incredible and friendly, and the atmosphere of the restaurant is absolutely beautiful! Highly recommend Moonstruck, we will definitely be back!Enjoyed Moonstruck so much. We had appetizers and soup and they were excellent. The soup reminded me of something my Grandma from Italy made regularly. Tastes like home!I wish I could give this place ten stars.
Me and my boyfriend visited to celebrate our Anniversary and had the most amazing experience.
The waiter was very friendly, nice, & helpful.
The food was out-of-this-world delicious.
The portion sizes were great.
The prices were really decent.
I would most definitely visit again and recommend this place.Great service, beautiful romantic ambience, great A++++ food. Hidden gem  of the neighborhood. How come that we never have been there?  Everything was great! Highly recommend for special occasions, such as birthday! I had Bouillabaisse, my hubby decided to go for roulatinies. Everything was delicious!Great Food, Went there with 6 other couples on valentines day. The staff were so friendly. Everyone was so happy !!! We will be going back in the near future.Don't go unless your a regular. The service was terrible. Meals came out after we asked 25 minutes after the adjacent table of regulars who came after us and not surprising was cold.  Waiter had time to talk to regulars but didn't have time to check on us.  Had to ask for bread water etc.We have lived in Fox Chase 33 years and decided to try Moonstruck for the 1st time because it was my Retirement Party / Dinner.  I ordered a cocktail to celebrate.  To my surprise there was (2) bugs floating in my drink.  I quietly mentioned it to Ann Marie, and she took it back. She returns , with what I thought, was the same exact drink - because this one had (2) bugs also.  Again, I got her attention and quietly pointed it out to her.  At first she didn't believe me and I had to point out the (2) bugs. I asked for a different drink, because I figured it must be that bottle of liquor with the bugs.  
We had a nice meal and I will say, the food was very good.  Other then my bug drinks, which I feel I should have gotten a free drink, we had a nice time. 
However, I will always remember this Restaurant because of the bugs (LOL !).  What memories !Went here for the first time after living in fox chase my entire life, and I won't be back. Ordered a 7 & 7 cocktail, and the drink had bugs in it. When the drink was returned and brought back, there were bugs in the second cocktail as well. The waitress didn't believe us and asked us to point out the bugs to her as if we were making it up. She felt really bad afterwards and explained how bugs will be drawn to open liquor bottles. You would think the waitress would have compensated us for having bugs in our cocktails but nope.
The food made up for the bad drinks, our entrees tastes very good, my group ordered the pollo, short rib,  and ravioli. For desert we had the creme brûlée and I think they went a little heavy on the torch as it tasted burnt. 
On top of everything else, our waitress was talking down to one of the assistants who would fill our waters and take our plates the entire time. We could hear her telling her what to do and telling her the mistakes she was making right in front of us and it was just uncomfortable. 
Our glassware was also dirty with smudges and smears on them. Not to sound picky but this is an expensive restaurant with $30.00 entrees so their glasses should be clean 
I won't be back hereAs I write this the lingering taste of burned oil continues to annoy my taste buds.  The service was great and they went out of their way to make up for the fact that the calamari appetizer was cooked on a grill that was not cleared of the old fats, with vegetables that were either not meant to be eaten or prepared by someone who has no respect for food.  To their credit my request for lemon to cut the greasy burned flavor was promptly granted and the dish was, if not rescued, at least brought up to a tolerable level. They would have brought me a whole new dish, but that seemed extreme when lemon did the trick.  We would have had a salad and/or soup but there were no $4 options.  The second course was not ill prepared.  The shrimp scampi, marked as heart healthy, really was.  And while there were no interesting or remarkable characteristics to it, the shrimp were large and there were a generous number of them.  The pasta was perfectly prepared.  My wife's root vegetable soup was "very good", as was her risotto.  They brought us homemade limoncello to make up for the mistake and it was excellent, as was the coffee.  I suppose next time I could get the minestrone soup, as overpriced as it is, and be much happier.  But I don't expect that, given the competition, there will be a next time for a very long time.
To their credit, I think they do their biggest business with the prix fix menu and drinks.  The decor is very pleasant and the chairs very comfortable.  For those reasons, I'd come back.  But the food has to be at least up to a competent level and 3/4 just doesn't fly IMO, no matter how gracious the service and how much they try to make up for it.  Squid grilled in burned oil is just so inexcusable that I'm putting this one way down at the bottom of my list.  Three stars because of all the good things.  But, believe me, I am trying very hard to be fair.This place never disappoint. The food and customer service is always on point. 
I've been here serval times and everything on the menu it's great. I've also been here on Valentine's Day once and their specials was great. I will continue to be a returning customer.We enjoyed the pasta of the month, the antipasto, parpadelle and involtoni! Perfetto!! Carlo was an amazing person who knew the menu, always had a smile and gave great recommendations! We celebrated our anniversary and hubby's bday that night! It was the best place to have a celebration.What a wonderful surprise! Have been passing this restaurant for years. Celebrated a birthday dinner there tonight and the meal was delicious from start to finish. An added treat was a glass of homemade lemoncello to celebrate the birthday girl.  Highly recommend this restaurant and we will be back again and again and again. Thank you Toto.Very slow service. We had a reservation for 8:30, but were not seated until 8:45. Then we waited until just before 9:00 to have our orders taken. It is currently 10:00pm, and we have not received our food.
We ordered the Ruchetta (Arugula) and Cappuccio (Iceberg lettuce) salads, which were good. Only after we asked for the check to leave, did some of our dishes arrive.
The Costata (breaded pork chop) was not served hot, although the plate was hot. It appeared as though it had been waiting for some time.
The food, had it been served on time and hot, would have easily garnered 4 1/2 stars. Seasoning and flavors were good.What a wonderful meal. I recommend Moonstruck to anyone. Food excellent, service wonderful, Ambiance perfect. On the pricy side but well worth it.ALERT TO PEOPLE WITH MOBILITY DISABILITIES::  
This restaurant serves excellent food but regretfully does not have restroom facilities available for people with disabilities.  On my inquiring regarding this being an ADA violation, they report that they are "grandfathered in". There are steep steps that one must navigate in order to reach the lower level restrooms. People with mobility issues really cannot access restroom facilities. Their solution is to send people out of the door and down the block to a sister restaurant where there are facilities for handicapped individuals. But even this facility has a very steep curb for access.  People in wheelchairs should be aware that they might experience significant difficulty in accessing restroom facilities.  I was told that the owner feels that it is too expensive to install restrooms on the main dining floor and does not mind losing business of groups and individuals who are handicapped. Again, food is excellent but adherence to ADA guidelines should be required.Love, love, love coming here. The atmosphere is truly something special. It feels like pure nostalgia! Of course I'm not giving them five stars on that alone, I'd be remiss if I didn't tell you how fantastic their food and service is. I've never had a bad meal here and we've been coming for years. Their cocktails are delicious too. The servers are personable and knowledgeable about what their serving. This is truly a gem in the heart of Fox Chase.A great place with a great service and simply well prepapared norhther intalian cuisine.We had a nice anniversary dinner here a few weeks back. Excellent time. We had the price fixe menu which served just the right amount of food. We could have easily made a full meal out of the first course pasta of mushroom fettuccine and the wife's gnocchi. I had the tuna which may have been a tad bit more raw then I liked but not enough to send back. DW had the tilapia and I think she will compare every tilapia meal to this one. She raved about it.
I don't recall the desserts so nothing special but surely sweet since we finished both. 
Decor is a little dated but still clean and calm. Def will be back.