Love this place !! Brunch today with my family - Food was great. Omelettes, burgers and drinks were excellent. Our waitress went out of her way to ensure we had a great time. Will be back for sure .Read some negative reviews.  Well it's funny how 2 people can think 2 totally different things but I gotta say (and I'm a critiquer) that I love Moonshine.  In a neigjborhood flooded with goombah bars and south Philly D bags Moonshine is a breath of fresh air.   Great food (and I mean great) and awesome drinks (no miller lite or coors only) I can't recommend this place enough.  And as far as the service, I'm sorry I didn't get his name but our server was probably the nicest man I've ever dealt with.  Look, if you want good drinks, great good and I new spot, this is your place.  And for all the negative Nany's, buzz off.The food was great, and that's what the two stars are for. The service however, was awful. We nearly left at first. Our reservation was not accommodated for while the two girls working forgot about it. They tried to put us on a small high top table that rocked back and forth shoved next to the men's bathroom. Then, after we did not want to sit there the girls decided to open up the next building to us and other people who were waiting.  The bartender said the drinks were on her. It took at least an hour for the food to come, which again was great. But when the check came the drinks were still on the check ON TOP OF another drink we didn't even recieve. I'll give props to Chris the bus boy though, he came through when we needed something.Always a great meal and great service, they make you feel at home, you're never rushed. Great neighborhood place to drink and eat. Our waiter Mike awesome guy, very knowledgeable and a great representative of Moonshine.Been in here twice and was very pleased. The food and service were great! I love both of the mac and cheeses as well as the buffalo chicken dip!Small neighborhood spot - full bar and delicious food. Never tasted anything that I didn't enjoy there! The polenta mozzarella salad is one of my favorites.Went for brunch on on Saturday around noon. Happy to get a table outside in the shade or sun. $5 bloodys (just ok very bland) and mimosas. 
I got the lemon cello tea. It was really good. Like an arnold Palmer but better
Brussels were awesome served in a big bowl and crispy. Slight oily.
Crab Benedict was very good, as was the weather omelet.  They were out of biscuits which is the original reason friends opted there
Service was poor. Had to ask 3 times for water :( and another round
I'd go back for the outdoor seatingThis place is AOK, went out with some friends for dinner and things didn't go so well. After sharing my concerns the owner jumped right in and made it right. He was personally involved and honestly cared about what took place. His commitment to SERVICE was above & beyond what I expected from a small neighborhood place. Server was AWESOME she killed herself to take good care of us. Stand up place that knows good service.
I will absolutely go back with my friends and try it again in the near future!
Oh and the drinks are amazing.......I've been meaning to write a review for months.  After having received gift cards for this place over a year ago I'm ashamed I did not try here sooner. It's very small but that's typical of your Philadelphia "gastro pub" feel. Their menu is surprisingly large for such a small place. I had a hard time deciding what I wanted because everything sounded delicious. Our waitress was sweet, engaging and attentive!  I loved to find out their chef makes all of their items from scratch. You can tell it's all extremely fresh. Since going here I have fantasies and dreams about their mac and cheese and dry rub wings. Seriously- such a great place!  The only downside, I don't live closer!This place is a local hangout for many people in south Philadelphia. The place has a good brunch turn out and at night it turns into a bar with live music. The place has strong and spicy Bloody Mary's.  I also recommend trying out the hummus platters!Great alternative to your typical crowded brunch spots in Philly. Excellent food and great beer list. Not too crowded. Plenty of outdoor seating and dog friendly. Definitely a spot to check out for brunch!Very happy to see this place settling in and shaping up nicely! Some reviewers seem to be expecting fine dining, and we certainly all expect tasty food, but sometimes you just need to enjoy your $10-$13 dinner entrees for what they are - tasty and cheap! 
Took my dad here for brunch the other weekend and the service was awesome, like always. The bartender was so sweet, the server would chime into the convos as he came to get drinks and I had a nice convo with another woman, I assume owner, and her family and racing in Philly and down the shore. I was also glad to see the beer menu has gotten a nice push in the right direction too.
So glad to see this place is always busy and seems to be succeeding despite a few reviewers comments.Went here on a dinner date last night with my girlfriend and I enjoyed it. Moonshine has that relaxed gastropub feel to it, but it is kind of tiny. Their beer list was decent with a nice selection of craft. Our server Zach was a nice guy, and hit our table often to make sure we were doing well. The food was very good here I felt. The calamari was decent, but could of used a bit more seasoning on the bread. I loved the aioli though to dip them in. The chicken picatta raviolis were really delicious. I loved the goat cheese filling in the pasta. The ooey gooey chocolate cake was a nice way to end our dinner. If you're looking for an inexpensive dining experience, then Moonshine is a cool spot to go to.This place was close to where I was staying in pennsport. Its a cute little bar with a good atmosphere and live music on Friday nights. I got a moonshine pumpkintini but they were out of pumpkin puree so the bartender improvised. The improvisation came out decently but I wish I got it how it was supposed to be made. I would recommend going and trying the moonshine though. You can substitute it in in any drinkGood food. Good atmosphere. Friendly staff. Only gave it 3 stars because the food portions are small and pricy. Wouldn't mind paying the price if the potions were larger because the food is really good. Beet salad and poblano hummus were really tasty but again I found myself wanting more than what I was given. My bf said the burger was really good too. Fresh brew iced tea is delish too. The smell of the bar is also a little funky. Stale odor. I would suggest this place and I would for sure go back!!The food is so well-prepared you think you are a mile further North.  And Jason the server knows his game.  And they are kid-friendly.  What else could a dad ask for 6 block from home?Awesome food , awesome service . My favorite thing on he menu is the wedge salad with the steak on it .I dropped in on a Friday night for dinner at the bar, on my own. The staff was friendly and accommodating and I had the tater tots of my life! 
It's a lovely, vibrant neighborhood bar. I'm not even FROM here but I know I'll be back. Thanks, Moonshine.Went here for dinner tonight. My husband is a Mummer to a club right around the corner so I'm surprised we haven't tried this place sooner! We were greated right away, but were warned we were entering at a shift change so we couldn't order food for another half hour, which was fine. I got a sangria and my husband got a Black and Tan Guinness, I was a fan of mine he was not. We shared a fried calamari plate which we only thought was okay. Our entrees completely turned things around for us however. I ordered the Veggie grilled cheese which consisted of cheese, avacado, tomatoes, and micro greens. It also came with a side salad. Everything in the sandwhich was fresh and the cheese to veggie ratio was well done. My husband ordered the crispy chicken sandwhich and overall he liked everything about it. 
It's a super small Resteraunt, but the owner came over to talk to us and told us they are extending it into the next door building which is nice! The look of the place is great. Mason jars on every table with flowers. -- the beer selection is great too, so much to choose from.This was a very nice and clean spot really enjoyed myself with the bartender Joey good times with the ladySo I really, REALLY wanted to like this place. It is literally 2 blocks away and it's something this area needs. The first time we went, was months ago for brunch...which they didn't have. I had heard they did, but I guess it was just a test run, no harm no foul; wound up going to Industry instead.
So the next time I go, I go to meet my girlfriend after work. She's already ordered the strawberry walnut salad and a beer (she began to explain the issues with those 2 things, but I'll let her give her side of the story in her own review). I noticed there were (2) 3 tops outside, an 8 top inside right next to us and then our table of 2. 
I walked past what was to be our waitress and the bartender. I sat down and it took about 10 min for the waitress to acknowledge I was there. I asked for a menu and a water. I tried the dressing for my girlfriend's salad (some kind of rasberry vinaigrette), it was absolutely awful. I couldn't put my finger on it, but something in that dressing didn't belong. 
So I decided to order the "braised buffalo chicken wings". Don't let the pretentious name fool you, it's just a normal order of fried chicken wings. Now I waited tables for nearly 5 years, at a place that gave unlimited buffalo wings during happy hour (it was hell), but one thing that people eating buffalo wings need besides their beloved blue cheese is a damn napkin! 2 bites into my 1st wing I realized I was in dire need of a napkin. I waited for my girlfriend to finish her food so I could steal her linen napkin as I didn't want to cover hers in buffalo sauce while she was still using it.
Never once did the waitress come over to ask how things were, the only time she even looked our way again is when we asked for the check (both our waters and my girlfriend's beer were empty). I got the check and paid with my credit card. Much like people that order buffalo wings need a napkin, people who pay with a credit card need an f'ing pen to sign the reciept with, had to ask for that too.
Not sure I'll give things another try at this point, it would be a great spot and really convenient for both of us, but there isn't anything there that I remotely would bring me back besides the location.I really like the atmosphere of thplace and the fact that it's close to my house.  The food is disappointing though and therefore overpriced. 
The wings tasted good on the outside but once you get past that the chicken is flavorless and tough.  I image there's no marinating of these wings or defrosting them before they're deep fried.  
Same problem with the calamari.  Clearly purchased frozen and dropped in the fryer with a basic coat of flour.  Add some salt garlic and cayenne pepper to the batter!!!  That's a direct request to the restaurant.
My girlfriend got the BYO burger and it would be better to bring your own than build your own here.  Again a lack of flavor and freshness.  
Also, don't you dare order the "tater tots". The delectable crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside morsels that your used to will not be what you get.  These are small pieces of undercooked raw potatoes with no flavor to speak of and certainly no crunchy coating.Great neighborhood bar and pub. They recently purchased the home next door to them and expanded their seating which I think will be great for them as on the weekends they were always very crowded inside. They offer live music on the weekends. All food I have had these has been great, we've eaten there many times and I can't remember it all offhand!Love this place !! Brunch today with my family - Food was great. Omelettes, burgers and drinks were excellent. Our waitress went out of her way to ensure we had a great time. Will be back for sure .Wow! Nice staff, delicious dinner & great tap. Companion had the blackened chicken & pesto gnocchi. Fabulous flavors! I had chicken piccata goat cheese ravioli. Delicious & flavorful. Needed nice crusty bread to polish up the fantastic sauce. My only wish would have been for reasonable parking. Ok, ANY parking.2nd visit since half of the menu was not available on our first visit. Girlfriend ordered a diet coke and received a flat regular coke so we decided to stick with High Lifes. The Loaded Tots were actually just undercooked small potatoes with cheese sauce but thats where my meal goes downhill and fast.
Ordered the Sheppards pie which was actually just a deep fried pre-cooked burger served over instant mashed potatoes, bummer.
At this point the place is pretty empty aside from a couple at the bar and a couple in the back. 
The bartender was foolin around with his waiter buddy and beaned me in the back with a lemon. I gave them a "bloody hell" face and they were like yo my bad next round is on me. Fine.
Maybe 1 minute goes by and I was squirted in the back of the head with the bar gun. Surprised myself by not throwing my chair at the staff, suffered through a lackluster dinner then looked to see I wasn't comped any of my 2 dollar beers and was charged $3.00 for the soda.
Never again.Start off by saying this was by far one of the best meals I have ever had. My family and I went for an early dinner on a Friday evening. We were seated right away. The service was excellent from start to finish. We had the mozzarella sticks (awesome), buffalo chicken dip, and crab mac and cheese to start. All were hot and delicious. We had the signature burgers x2, and a crispy chicken sandwich fresh and tasty. Total meal with drinks $60.00 fantastic experience!!Staff.... Great as well as the food ... The veggie lasagna Wonderful!  I can see it getting a little noise if it's full...but that the same prob with many bar/restaurants kinda places. Have to find out the wine that was served it was wonderful.  Three people with apps two bottle of wine and entrees will set u back about 100.00 or so, not so bad.I was in town and just looking for a good burger.  The review sounded good, so I drove across town to eat there.  I was not disappointed.
I get just what I was looking for: A juicy burger and fries.  And at a good price, too.  The staff is friendly and attentive.  The place has a friendly, neighborhood bar feel to it.I like moonshine a lot. I was in for brunch this past weekend and had a great experience.  I came back today for happy hour munchies and a couple of beers. I work near south street, so I had my choice of places to go near there, but I thought i'd go back to moonshine.  The happy hour menu is great because everything was $5. I got the burger and fries. The burger was really yummy. The fries were slightly limp but tasty none the less. I had a burger, fries, and 2 beers for slightly less than $20. The service was good, the food was good, the beer was good. What more can a girl ask for. So, on my second visit, I will say that I will definitely be back. I may have found my local. (Local watering hole)Service was slow and distracted amongst themselves (talking loudly to eachother but outside the sight of customers). The food wasn't terrible but it was bland. The drinks were good but took way too long to make especially considering we were the only people in the entire place.
Good: Mango Margarita 
Bad: Their cheese sauce has absolutely no flavor to it.We had the crispy chicken sandwich with tater tots and Waldorf chicken salad sandwich with French fries. Our dinner was delicious. The tater tots are made in-house by using a melon scooper to scoop out potato balls. We enjoyed the outside seating. The service was a little slow, but we were there later in the evening when there was probably only 1 or 2 servers left on the floor. The food was good enough that I would go back.Took my Mom for Mother's Day. They had nothing special for that day looks cute from the outside .The food had no flavor and we sat in the back room where we sat near the bathroom (backroom bar) and you can see where they prepare the food was only divided by some kind of curtin the floor in that room was a turn off food all over water... Just Bar food Big disapointment. It's just another bar. With bar food.. If It wasn't Mother's Day
 I would have got up and left. Was that a fondue??  cheese was like water no taste greasies vegtables and no taste to the Hamberger that my Mom ordered and the fish that my brother ordered it was his birthday he said taste like dirt it was on bread with some kind of slaw he couldn't even pick it up to eat it omg
Like I said Just a bar good food no way. Big disappointment I made a bad Mother's Day reservation!!!Went here after reading reviews on Yelp and Open table. So glad!  Everything about this place was great.  Ambiance like a local neighborhood hangout, but welcoming (we are not from the area). Staff very friendly and helpful. Beer and drink selection were good... We had the Sangria's and OmmegangWitte.. Food was cooked and served to perfection... we had Short Ribs, Shrimp and Spinach enchiladas and the Vegen Grilled cheese... Needless to say our plates were wiped clean!  Would have given 5 stars, but desserts were "so-so"... Definitely going backMy compatriot and I had a nice brunch at Moonshine recently. He had the deviled eggs Benedict which was outstanding, perfectly poached eggs over top Andouille sausage, great combination along with crispy potatos. I had the Belgian waffle with rasberry compote, it was unremarkable but fine. Skip the syrup which is corn syrup masquerading as maple.  Ambience was nice, surprisingly uncrowded for a Saturday mid morning brunch. My constructive feedback would be to encourage them to consider getting different coffee (blech) and giving some of that coffee to the waitress...she was pretty unengaged. Not the end of the world, we'd eat there again. All in all, a nice option if you wake up late and don't want a long wait for brunch.
Update: I'm always impressed when an owner or manager takes the time to read and respond constructively to feedback.  It's totally understood that you can't please everyone every time, but who doesn't want to feel heard.  Thank you for the message, Richard, we'll be back.This night started out well but then after sitting for a over an hour without seeing a drop of food and watching other people get served I started to worry. We were not being checked in during this time as if the server knew she had no food for us so rather than explain why it was easier to pretend we were not there. Things were so frustrating that I wrote a scathing review while I was waiting. Finally I heard the server ask the table next to us if the food was ok and my sarcastic personality got the best of me so I answered "our food is great also". Things were bad then Tom happened. A very pleasant person named Tom came over and apologized for the long wait. He explained that there were several missteps with our order that caused the delay. This is fair enough. Things happen but if you talk to the customer they are more understanding. Finally all the food came and it was outstanding. We greatly enjoyed everything. When it came time for the bill Tom swooped in to inform us of the extremely generous deduction for our troubles. We were already happy once we got the delicious food and did not expect the generous reduction. From a food standpoint this place is awesome and based on the way our dissatisfaction was handled this place gets high marks all around. Happy to give 4 stars. Hope to come back and add that 5th star for food consistencyI've been to the Moonshine many times (for brunch and dinner) and been completely happy with their service, food, and atmosphere each time. The waitstaff is always extremely friendly and attentive, and the food is delicious! I especially love their honey lime chicken wings and the blackened chicken with pesto gnocchi. The beer list is always interesting and changing, too. It's lovely to be able to sit outside (under a canopy and twinkle lights!) on nice nights. Highly recommend visiting!My family and I went here to celebrate college graduation and were not disappointed. We arrived over 30 minutes early for our reservation, however, the staff sat us quickly after rearranging some tables. The food was delicious and the drinks were fun and tasty. They offered a very good selection of craft beers as well as cocktails. The menu was very reasonably priced. The serving sizes were smaller than your typical American restaurant, but this worked out well after sampling a few appetizers. I would highly recommend the Teriyaki Salmon rolls. We will definitely stop back next time we're in the area.Wow. Truly don't understand the negative reviews here... Anyhow we just left Moonshine. We live down the street and it's our first time here. While walking over we talked about how we were holding our breath... hoping it would be good.
The wine was good, the grilled romaine salad cheesy and tasty. I ordered the Chicken and Ravioli. Chicken was perfectly cooked. Sauce was tasty over the ravioli and the grilled artichokes a nice touch.
My husband ordered the Roast Pork with rice and plantains with a nice lime touch. He loved it! They say the pork is braised all day and it tastes like it. 
We'll be rolling down the street again soon. So great to have a neighborhood hang that we can stop in for a meal and a glass when we don't feel like cooking. 
Our waiter, Mike was very attentive and friendly.
Prices are unbelievable. We'll will be back next week with friends...This place is great! The food and drinks are delicious, and the ambiance is nice too! I would highly recommend going here!Really like moonshine! The food is always good and so is the service. They also offer quizo on Tuesday's which is fun. The Caesar salad and the crab Mac and cheese were delicious! Also enjoyed the cheeseburger egg rolls, loaded tots and fried pickles... the chipotle aioli is so good. The drinks are good too and nice & strong Def would recommend!Moonshine is a solid option in the Pennsport section of South Philadelphia. 
The overall food is excellent, the beer selection is great with rotating taps, the  service is always on point and so are the food prices. 
Moonshine's truly a gem in this part of South Philly!Really good burgers on brioche. Rely good beer list. Service was fantastic. Bartender super friendly. I will be back. A pleasant surprise.Moonshine is one of my favorite hidden gems in Philly and has become one of those go-to spots when I have guests.
I had the country benedict and got to try the short rib hash and both were delicious but the french toast sticks the star for me.  I could sit there eating french toast sticks and drinking a beer with my friends for hours.  They also had a darn good bloody mary special that comes in a mason jar chalice!
It is also important to note that this place has an AMAZING cheeseboard.My partner and I just moved into the neighborhood and were drawn by the nightly crowds -- curiosity. It must be good! 
From beginning to end,  everything was perfect. The atmosphere was very welcoming and familiar. We decided to sit outside,  since it was a beautiful afternoon out. 
I quickly ordered the Red Sangria with Cherry Moonshine. The waitress warned that not everyone likes it, because it's quite imposing (very strong) -- she was right,  but it was right up my alley,  and I loved it. 
My partner had the mango margherita which was sweet and refreshing (I had to take a sip)! 
We ordered a crab cake as an appetizer and some of their mild buffalo wings (this is how we decide if a place is good enough for a second visit). 
The crab cake was delicious, and humongous and ONLY $13! Will definitely be having that again. It came out first and we dug in. Half way through,  the wings came out and they too were well...perfect. they were very crispy and weren't overly drenched in sauce.
By the time we were through,  we were to full to handle entrées so we decided we'll just have to do that on our second visit. 
5 stars across the board for everything!I've been a couple of times. Like many, because it's right around the corner from where I live.
The first time I went there with a friend and ordered dinner and drinks. The food was a notch above terrible. I had a salad that may have had more red onion than lettuce. The dressing had no flavor. Whatever my friend ordered looked overly greasy (hard to identify the kind of food- that sort of greasy).
We thought it would be fun to order Moonshine, because that should be the specialty drink, right? Wrong. The waiter knew nothing about the kinds they had, the price, or how it's best served. Speaking of which, our waiter came to our table every 60 seconds to ask if we needed anything else. I'm not exaggerating. Pesky!
I'd like to think our experience sucked because it's a new place.
So, I returned a second time with a different friend. We enjoyed a few beers and it was alright. I'd rather walk the distance to Industry where I know I'll have an all-around better experience.Fucking AWESOME
Me and my girlfriend are usually a lover of 2nd Street Brew house if you haven't its a must But we love trying new places in the neighborhood! 
For fuck's sake the FOOD. THE FOOD the FOOD THE GODDAMN FOOD~!!!!!
Ok, So I read reviews of the place on Yelp before we went, and there were good and bad. But honestly, NO bad.
1. The waitress, Christin god I know I am prolly spelling it wrong was charming! She was super friendly, and checked on us enough to be caring but no where near over bearing!
2. Craft beers!!! I am a lover of on TAP craft beers and though they didn't have the biggest Tap selection, they made up for it with cleanliness if you have had a dirty tap beer you know what i am saying And the list though small, was instant favorites I have not really had before! Also they included pricing on the menu, i saw a previous post from a bit ago where they had not, they apparently corrected
3. THE FOOOOOOOOD! I couldn't believe the quality of food we received, it was re-fucking-markable!!!! I got a Gnocchi with blackened chicken and my girlfriend got the Build-your-own burger substituted Raw onion for caramelized onion
2a. WELLL the plate I got, was GREEN. Bright colors And delicious !!!!!
and I got to bite the burger my girl got a few times....mhmmmmm! Goddam if you love GOOD food its amazing.
4. OUTSIDE comfy seating. Now I found this to be awesome, the seats though they didn't look like much were very comfy! And its just nice to have the fresh air. Though I would not have been opposed to inside since they have BIG windows they opened up that gave you a direct connection to the outside world :D
The only downside is if your not Rich this is not an everyday bar. But I firmly believe in "get what you pay for" and it was worth every penny. I also for the first time in two years gave more then a 20% tip, and she deserved it!
If you like comfy settings, amazing food, clean beer, and an all star staff "can't forget the cooks!!!"  then this is an amazing date night out!Every. Single. Time. We're in Philly, it calls our name! I always resort to getting my usual, blackened chicken pesto gnocchi and it seems to be the most popular item. I heard a fellow mom say "I look at the menu like I'm going to try something different but we all know I'll always stick with the same" (which happened to be the same thing I got). My husband loves their chicken ravioli and this time he tried their meatball sandwich (I got to sneak in a bite, yum!) Friendly staff, and ahhhmazing food, no wonder why we keep coming back!A friendly, neighborhood bar/restaurant.  I typically eat here for dinner and order the Caesar Salad with Blackened Chicken, which never disappoints.  They also have good appetizers, which are half-off Mon-Friday after 10:00 PM.  Personally, I LOVE the blacked chicken wings.  I am also a big fan of their pita and hummus, edamame and macaroni and cheese.  They also make a great Blackened Chicken with Gnocchi. The drinks here are also pretty solid.  In the winter they make a mean Hot Toddy.  During the week they run a Quizzo night and also have live entertainment (usually a solo performer).Was just expecting the usual "bar food" and was really impressed with how amazing the food was at this place.  Don't miss out on this place! Will definitely be back!
And of course, can't forget about the moonshine infused drinks!Stopped in on a Saturday night around 8 and sat outside.  The staff was very accommodating.  Food was very good I had pulled pork tacos that our waitress recommended and I could not have been happier.  Great pricing live music inside. Give it a try!!Nice little place in the Pennsport area. We sat outside on a nice late October night with the heaters and had 4 delicious meals. Flat iron steak with roasted broccoli; mussels and pasta; gnocchi and chicken; and palenta with mozzarella and tomato. 
All excellent, and the service was as well. 
Our outdoor heater ran out of propane and the manager quickly popped in a new one, the drink selection was good as well!
We'll return!!!Just moved to Pennsport and Moonshine is a great place - I wish there was more space so that it would get the recognition it deserves. Great food, great service, and 5$ bloodys for brunch ... I'm in .This place is incredible. I went there this past weekend for brunch and was very impressed. We had 7 total people. I must have changed my reservation a zillion times beforehand. With friends cancelling or changing their mind, it was a bit chaotic but they still accommodated us with ease. When we arrived they had a table ready to go. The restaurant is a little small but it wasn't too crowded when we got there. I would still recommend making a reservation if possible. Especially for busy times ( dinner and weekend brunch). Our server was lovely and worked hard to take care of our larger party. Every other employee was available clearing plates, running drinks, and refilling waters. Not once did we feel like a bother. OK now the food: Where do I begin!? The sausage and gravy/biscuit appetizer  or meal is to die for. After eating all of his biscuits, which were perfectly made, my boyfriend began looking for scraps to dip into the sausage gravy.. it was THAT good. The french toast sticks were crunchy and amazing too. I got the chicken and waffles which was on special and it was really tasty. It came with a maple bacon syrup. Bacon syrup!? Yes... it was heavenly. My boyfriend got the eggs Benedict and the hollandaise sauce was really nice. He gets that dish almost every time we go for brunch and he really raved over the sauce. From what I could gather, everyone at the tables enjoyed what they ordered since there were hardly any leftovers. At the end we got our bill, paid, and left. Very seamless. I;ve been out for brunch or dinner in a group and sometimes have felt wither rushed or like the servers were annoyed at us. It's a pain in the butt to wait on a big group sometimes, I get it. But this didn't happen at Moonshine. I felt really welcomed and comfortable.  I felt compelled to write a review because of how great everything was. I would recommend bringing out of towners to this place. It's also like a hidden gem for those who may be more familiar with center city or that area. 5 stars for sure!Food was tasty and reasonably priced and the service was on point. We had the chicken and waffles and the crab cakes benedict. 
The Benedict didn't need the added English muffin, but other than that we had no complaints.I love it here! Finally a neighborhood bar that's not a union pub. I've been in a few times now, twice on a Tuesday and the bartender who works that day is super personable and funny. Great vibes.cocktail menu is awesome and the moon shine is to die for ! all of the food came out quick and was delicious. i came on a quizzo night which sucked cause it was so loud but everyone was enjoying themselves ! next time i'll choose another night of the weekI had dinner with a friend on a Wednesday night. It was my first time there and I would definitely go back. We started out with the buffalo chicken dip with bread. It was delicious, perfect heat on it and the bread was great for dipping. I had strawberry salad with grilled chicken. It was plentiful and I loved the rasberry vinaigrette. My friend had the crab cake and ate the entire thing, definitely a good sign.  Next time I will leave room for dessert.Great experience ... terrific place. Stopped in for a quick dinner before a concert ... food was delicious, service was excellent. Loved the menu ... will definitely go back to try a few other things. Specialty drinks were excellent. The only reason I gave this restaurant 4 stars instead of 5 is that the available craft beers were not my favorite. Since they advertise themselves as a gastropub, the craft beer selection could be improved.Great Bloody Mary's, great food, great atmosphere. I love the outdoor seating and the staff was super friendly. The Bloody Mary was really good, especially for their $5 brunch special and they had a good draft list. 
My friend and I split the crispy chicken sandwich and the fried egg BLT, which were SO delicious. I would love to come back here!! I'm sure their dinner menu is just as amazing.I was pretty excited for this place.  I live in the neighborhood and love the fact that new places are popping up, so last night I came here with 2 friends to check out the scene.  
After a night there, I'm not really sure what this place is.  First, it was obviously redone since it was the East Side Saloon (I never went there, but I presume it wasn't this nice).  The updates are pretty good.  The bar still has an old look with big mirrors behind it.  However, I don't think they did a fantastic job of deciding on a style of the design, it's a mix of new updates and older restored stuff.  While it's nice, its a little confused.  
The plan when we showed up was to get some food and try some drinks.  The menu is good with some modern takes on a lot of bar foods along with some foodie options.  We ordered the Loaded Tots for an app, which were basically fried balls of potato covered in cheese and bacon (delicious), at $5 it seemed like a good deal. For entrees we had three different items.  I had the falafel burger sliders, my friend had the standard burger, and finally we also had a chicken potato gnochi.  Everything was good.  I didn't love my falafel sliders but they weren't bad either.  Presentation of the food was excellent and the prices were good ($9-$13).  
The beer list was pretty good.  About 10 beers on draft, mostly local craft beers with a handful of non local crafts (ommegang, stone, etc.).  They supplemented the draft list with a list of about 15-20 bottles, including craft and your standard macros.  They also had a list of custom cocktails playing off the moonshine name.  We didn't have any of those but they sounded interesting.  The beer pricing seemed to be around $5/beer but they didn't provide pricing on the menu or chalk menu board which I hate...seriously, if you don't advertise a price, I just get the feeling you're trying to pull one over on me.  I'm not sure if they have a happy hour, I didnt see one advertised. 
Finally, the service.  It's tough to knock a brand new place for this but the service was a little rough.  Everyone I dealt with was pleasant but I'm not sure they were quite ready for the Friday night crowd.  Our waitress was friendly but not overly informative, especially for it being a new place, with a new menu, etc.  Basically, I think she was doing the best she could but was a little overwhelmed, the place was crowded and she seemed timid.  Some details on what is good, what their signature dishes and drinks are would be appreciated.  A new restaurant needs to sell itself to its customers to help them enjoy their experience and get people to come back..  The food came out pretty quickly and drinks were refilled reasonably fast.  Finally, when we went to pay we had quite a wait, there were a number of reasons for this, but I think part of the issue was that the place seems to only have 1 cash register that is behind the bar and the bartenders seemed to have no interest in letting us pay while they were trying to serve drinks to other customers.  
Overall it's an interesting place and I'm intrigued to see where it goes.  It clearly hasn't found it's identity yet.  I'm not sure what the crowd is going to be either, could turn into a new hipster/yuppie place, or could turn into a south philly local place, or possibly a blend of the two.  Either way, it has some work to really pull people away from the Industry or 2nd Street Brew House, but it has potential and I'll be intrigued to come back in a bit to see how its developed.Really a solid restaurant, creative menu, excellent, attentive service, and an all around well executed dining experience.
Be prepared, this is probably THE smallest restaurant I've ever been to, so reservations are HIGHLY recommended.  During our dinner two tables had infants (I doubt this is the norm) but it's noisy and casual enough so that their only impact was charming fellow diners.
This is a spot where you can get a great diner for four for under $100, great service, great quality.  It is a little small (and thusly tight), not a romantic spot, but for a night out with the fam?  It's hard to beat
Update:  After raving about this spot to fellow foodies, something occurred to me, that might be helpful to owner, Richard (Sorry, Richard, didn't see your question until I'd forgotten what I ordered).  Despite recommendations from many others, I chose other restaurants instead.  I finally realized that having had actual moonshine, on several occasions, which proves the existence of the Devil himself, the idea of "moonshine" really killed my appetite.  Maybe "Moon Shine" would be better?  I don't know, just a thought.  Gotta get back there!This is one of my favorite neighborhood places. I come here all the time, and each time is a great experience. Their menu is awesome, I've never ordered something I didn't like. Their cocktail menu is fantastic and they are always adding new drinks. The servers are always prompt and friendly, and I love the ambiance. I've also attended their Monday night quizzo which is always a blast. My most recent visit to Moonshine was with my mom. We sat outside, ordered several appetizers just to pick on, and I got a Jack's cider from their extensive beer list. Everything was delicious. The popcorn shrimp was crispy, the humans was incredible as always, the broccoli bites (one of the daily specials) were perfectly cooked, and the barbecue pork tacos were out of this world with flavor. Halfway through our dinner, we were serenaded my Quaker City string band passing by. Overall, a great neighborhood place and I highly recommend it.Good old gastropub food selection and decent beer list. The outdoor seating absolutely makes this place a great little neighborhood watering hole.Very solid place. Lots of live music almost every day.  Regular happy hour and in the biz late night happy hour. The bartender Jay was very knowledgeable and helpful. The bar top itself is an original prohibition bar top and over 100 years old. 
Outdoors they have several heaters and lights. Perfect for a nice evening in the city. 
Beer and drinks are outstanding. Wonderful selection of moonshines, and beer. 
Food was tasty and delivered quickly. I ate a crab and spinach fettuccine special with garlic and butter sauce($19). The pasta was a tad dry, as though it sat under the warmer for a bit too long. The crab was only flakes, I would have hoped for 2 or 3 lumps of meat. Overall, excellent flavor. 
My wife had the chicken and ravioli dish. The sauce was excellent. The ravioli was stuffed with goat cheese. She was very happy with her dish. 
Per numerous Yelp reviews we ordered the buffalo chicken mac and cheese. (though they did have a special on buffalo shrimp mac and cheese that was tempting. 
The mac and cheese was not crispy. The buffalo chicken was sliced and placed on top of the noodles (bow tie) and cheese sauce. I admit, after reading so many reviews I was slightly disappointed.
Personally, I would have preferred it to be prepared with the chicken chopped and mixed into the mac and cheese, then to have it all topped with panko and parm and put under the salamander for a few minutes to brown and crisp up. 
Definetly will return. The bar had a wonderful atmosphere with great drinks and solid food.Not sure why so many people love this place. I had a very below average experience when I was here, and won't be coming back since there are better options in the area. The first thing that really turned me off to this place is the flies. The whole restaurant was entirely infested with flies and this alone is worth a two star review. I should not have to be batting flies away from my food the entire time, and they actually had electronic fly swatters to get them, but it wasn't doing much good. How about shutting the damn door! It was nice out and all, but the flies really ruined the dining experience.
We were greeted in a sort of unwelcoming manner upon our arrival, and the service throughout wasn't bad, but it wasn't anything special either. I had the signature burger, and as a self proclaimed burger connoisseur, it was nothing to write home about. The only reason I'll even give two stars is the brawler fondue appetizers...these were pretty good.Moonshine is a neighborhood gem! The staff is always friendly, the cocktails are amazing, and the food is awesome! If you go here often, you can get a frequent diner card and earn points, which you can redeem for free things! The veggie grilled cheese is awesome, as is the spanish arincini! Try one of their Moonshine cocktails! You wont be disappointed. Overall, Moonshine is a breath of fresh air in a neighborhood full of corner bars, and awkward stares from 2 Street-ers. Keep doing what you're doing Moonshine, and I will continue to bring my friends and family!Enjoyed a nice afternoon lunch here.  Service was a little inattentive outside, but it wasn't horrible.  Food was good.  Overall average experience.  A few little adjustments and this place will be great all the time.Went on the recommendation of a brunch spot owner... and I'm glad she pointed us in Moonshine's direction. I loved the patio seating area with the canopy overhead and the lights. A group of five of us went to grab some grub and drinks. Our waitress was super chill and was patient with us when we weren't sure what drinks we wanted to order. 
Me: I had the shrimp and spinach enchiladas in a crab sauce. It was stuffed to the max and real chuncks of crab meat was used. For my cocktail I had the Lunar Surprise. Ok, it was really called the Lunar Sangria, but I didn't know what flavor I wanted so I had the bartender surprise me. I really wanted the Mango Margarita, but our waitress said it was only available in frozen form. Unfortunately she was wrong as one of my friends ordered it and it came out on the rocks. I took a few sips and it was delicious. Definitely recommend! Oh, I also tried the pretzel nuggets. I was expecting pretzel bite sized pieces but was handed balls of dough. No worries though... very tasty and enjoyable! The cheese sauce that accompanies the pretzel balls definitely makes the appetizer worthy of ordering. 
I'll definitely be stopping by here again soon!Well I used to frequent this bar in its former glory as the east side saloon. sadly the old man that owned the place gave up the good fight and sold this bar for way too cheap to retire in Florida, sadly taking Marge the  mu-mu wearing  bartender  and the Patron with the iron lung always smoking at the bar with him. these new jack wagons couldn't design a Lady's dressing room but somehow decorated a bar, getting rid of the shuffle board bowling machine and installing what feels like the brightest lights on the planet. 
you feel like your caught in the spot light by PPD when you eat here. the wings are dinky, the fondue makes the melting pot look like fine dining. falafel that's as dry as 150 grit sand paper. the red headed bar tender who is clearly not from the neighborhood but who loves to give her opinions on everything from the former bars trashiness to how the people in the neighborhood are "trashy", all the while ignoring the herpies sore prominently fixed on her lip. this bar belongs in port Richmond not in pennsport, get out of south Philadelphia yah Mo's... Cant wait till they close up and we get a real bar back in the neighborhood...Nice, cute place makes you feel like you're home. Had the mozzarella stuffed meatballs, Moonshine Mac N Cheese, and Chicken Parm. Must say everything was SO delicious! Glad I found this charm on Yelp!The food  is amazing ..Don't miss out on the fresh fried calamari for appriezters...  Chicken and waffles are delicious and the drinks are on point. The serves was great too. Lorna was a great waitress and bartender...Don't miss out on this jewel..Service was sub par all around, however, the food was delicious. We went for brunch and realized after ordering that the portions for everything are decent to large. We should have ordered one french toast to share, not two.
I had the omelette with the homemade sausage. The sausage was YUMMY. My mom had the specialty hash which was definitely the best order of the table. My grandma and boyfriend each ordered a different benedict. 
The drinks were awesome. Most people ordered a bloody mary but I ordered a creamsicle and- if you aren't ready you can really hurt yourself on these. I could knock back these all day but not be able to see after about three. My boyfriend and mom shared a spiked root beer float too... YUM.I love the selection of food here!  Good beer selection, and great staff.  Will frequent this since I live walking distance away!I was curious to try Moonshine since its only about a 5 min walk from our house. Made reservations but the space inside is pretty tiny so we had to wait for 15-20 mins past our reservation. Service was terrible. I dont know what was up with our waitress but she just stood by the bar with the other employees while we waited for her to come take our order.  "Ill give u a couple minutes" turned into 15-20 min. Pesto gnocchi with chicken - the gnocchi was okay. Chicken was inedible - so salty and over seasoned I couldn't finish it. Loaded Tater tots were nothing special with cheese sauce and bacon bits. We also had Caesar salad and French onion soup - just okay at best. Overall, I was disappointed. Maybe just come here for a drink at the bar, not dinner.My husband and I have eaten at Moonshine on two prior occasions.  Loved it.  Returned again for lunch today.  Not so loving it presently.  Wine and beer were delivered promptly, but the water that was offered didn't arrive for twenty minutes or more.   Our order was placed when the wine and beer were placed on the table.  Three other tables of three and four patrons arrived as we waited.  They all were served before the waiter acknowledged the delay in our meals.  I ordered the crab and avacodo salad.....no cooking required there....my husband ordered a meatball sandwich....maybe a little more prep, but not a complicated dish requiring a lot of effort.  We were finally served after a 45 minute wait.  Because I was famished, I managed to eat a very limp salad with overripe, mushy and browning avocados, and very little crab.  Not at all pleasing, although the dressing seemed good and may have been great on a fresher salad.  My husband's meatball sandwich was heavy on the bread....not of very good quality...and light on the meatballs.  Overall, for a $45 lunch.....not so satisfied.Food was fantastic, service was inpecciable and both bartenders were extremely friendly and down to earth.  Will frequent this place often esp with summer coming up. Hoping tables will be put outside for outside seating.Not friendly even though I have lived in this neighborhood for 18 years. Single white woman who just wanted a table to eat dinner after a long day at a fortune 500 company. Will take my money elsewhere where I am an appreciated customer. This place has attitude for mediocre food.This review is long overdue, however after tonight's dinner, I had to take a minute to post. As a resident of pensport, I've been to Moonshine several times, both for dine in and take out and have never been disappointed. Today being the Eagles parade day, I knew it would be extremely busy but really wanted a good burger and that's exactly what I got. Stopped in , standing room only, yet no trouble placing to go order and beer while I waited. Super attentive and friendly barmaid. Ordered a bacon cheddar burger,mac & cheese and loaded fries.The burger was perfectly cooked and served on a toasted brioche roll, absolute perfection! Love the farfalle pasta mac and cheese, perfect amount of creamy and crunch.The loaded tots are always A plus. Great job to all involved. Will be back real soon.While service was exceptionally friendly, the food was extremely sub-par.  The waiter recommended the blackened chicken pesto gnocci.  The chicken was firm and dry,  and too generously coated in a salty spicy seasoning that in combination with the dry chicken, made it very challenging to chew and swallow.  This was atop tiny, VERY hard gnocci.  Very poor quality food for the $11.00 entree price.  When the waitor asked how everything was, I shared that I was disappointed in the gnocci, having expected something lighter and fluffier.  I let them know that they didn't need to make a fuss, but that I just wanted them to know. The waiter later checked back with me to say that the chef noted that I wasn't the first customer that night to note the "off" gnocci, and that it was because the gnocci had been left to soak too long before cooking today, which led to their too-hard consistency.  When I received the bill, I was admittedly surprised to see that not even a small courtesy discount had been applied to the order.  Granted, I hadn't asked for them to take the dish off the bill, but I was put off not to have received some recompense given that they openly admitted to having botched the preparation of the dish.