Morgan's Pier is perfect for those balmy summer nights when all you want is a pretty view, nice weather, and some yummy drinks with your friends.
I didn't get to try any of their food, but I would highly recommend the Watermelon Ricky and the White Sangria if you prefer something sweet and fruity.
I loved the super low-key and laid-back vibe here. Definitely one of my new favorite spots in Philly.What a great concept/idea for a fresh, summertime, waterfront hangout. A great job was done on the decor and layout. Lots of buzz in every direction about this place and for good reason - I can see this becoming a regular warm weather hangout over the next few months for myself and many friends. As a seasoned patron of many of our great city's drinking and dining establishments, a rule to live by is to avoid avoid avoid anywhere until they've been open for at least a few weeks to give them time to iron out the kinks. Even the best establishments need training wheels at first, and that's OK. We expect it. 
We made the mistake of thinking it might be low-key and not-so-crowded on Memorial Day Monday after a full-on 'grand opening' weekend. I wouldn't say it was packed, but it was very crowded when we arrived. We had hoped to saddle up to the bar and enjoy a drink and maybe some food, but sadly my fiance and I were only able to find one stool and sorta share it while we had a few drinks and scoped out a table. The beer list is extensive and varied, and I love that they have a decent amount of canned (cheaper) beers. The 3-4 members of the bar staff we dealt with were slammed, yet were all pleasant, seemed experienced and were on point. No complaints there. I just wished we'd stayed at the bar. 
After a while our bellies were rumbling and we had given up on hopes of eating at the bar and pounced on a high top table near the stage/DJ (who needs a lesson on volume control/EQ'ing, but that's another story!). As mentioned, we know and expect any establishment will have hiccups on opening weekend. Table service, however, was sorely lacking. The table we grabbed hadn't been cleared and we waited for a good 15 minutes before a busboy or server even glanced in our direction (there was no hostess - the bartender directed us to sit at any table that was open). 
Eventually a busboy swooped by and grabbed the empty cans and trash left from the previous customers. Not once did anyone wipe down our table or provide clean napkins/silverware. Eventually a waitress stopped and asked if we "were OK" (as if she/someone already greeted us and taken an order). We explained we wanted to order food and drinks - my fiance and I each ordered canned beer assuming it wouldn't be a long wait. It was then we were informed half of the beers on our menus were no longer available because, in the servers words "the management did not plan this out very well". For food, I ordered the popcorn shrimp, and a burger and fries and my fiance asked for the chopped salad w/ buttermilk dressing. We were never offered water. No biggie, but the high in Philadelphia yesterday was 90 degrees. Also, table still never wiped down, no silverware/napkins.
After a healthy 20-25 minute wait, our food arrived. But not our canned beers. My burger was tiny but tasty and the fries reminded me of Mickey Dee's, which isn't necessarily a bad thing. The popcorn shrimp was also average - not bad, not great. The salad my fiance received was not only NOT chopped (ripped, maybe?) but was completely missing dressing. Also, still no silverware. Was she expected to eat this thing with her hands? At this point our server was nowhere to be found. Neither were our canned beers we had now ordered a half hour ago. Hmmmmmmm. 
Finally our flustered server resurfaced with the silverware, when we inquired about our canned beers she took on the look of a deer in headlights, and rushed away after promising that the beers were on the house. Another 10 minutes pass (you can't make this stuff up), the beers arrive with a second promise from our waitress that they are on the house. We thank her, she walks away, and... what a surprise! One of the beers is wrong! *Facepalm* 
At this point, we're simply trying to quickly finish up our food (the salad was average according to my other half) and either get out while we're still relatively calm, or settle our tab and head back to the now less crowded bar. We ask for our check, and comically, she has it to us instantly. And what happens to be on the check!?!? The beers that she promised were on the house (on multiple occasions!!!I) Ugh. I couldn't help but laugh. 
At this point it was either leave a shitty tip, make a scene with the waitress, or ask for the manager. The easiest and most gratifying thing to do was to take a deep breath, and... leave a shitty tip. So that's what we did. And, as someone who has worked in the service industry and has many friends and family who have and still do - I feel appropriately guilty about leaving such a shitty tip - but that's the trade off for such shitty, shitty, service. 
In closing, this place has TONS of potential and will probably do very well. As I've mentioned above we expected to have less than perfect service, and they'll no doubt iron out these kinks in time. We can only hope they quickly filter out the inexperienced/clueless employees & focus on a better overall customer experience.I'm really torn over this review. I want to say lots of positive things, but most of that goes towards the ambiance. You really can't beat this view. Everyone is so hyped up that George Sabatino is here, and I don't mean to be hard on the guy, but it's not just food that I'm droooling over. 
I ordered the cheeseburger and my friend ordered the bacon sandwich. The cheeseburger was fine, but if I'm going to pay that much, I'd rather go to Shake Shack. And it's still a pet peeve of mine when they don't come with fries and you have to pay extra. Though I am a fan of pickled veggies, which all the sandwiches here come with. My friend's bacon sandwich was very dry. The bread definitely needed more than some residual fat and swipe of mustard. It needs a sauce. I tried to use the aioli from the fries but it still didn't quite do the trick. The Really Good Fries are not as good as advertised. They're overly salty and the aioli is not spicy. 
To drink, I got a Dark and Stormy which was fine (but it's not a complicated drink). My friend stuck to beer. On warmer days, I want to try a Watermelon Ricky to see if it's all the rave. I do quite enjoy the 21st Amendment beer on its own. 
I'm not opposed to trying other things on the menu. I know I'll be back because I love the patio so much. I think I'll splurge on the Dining Menu because someone ordered the whole fish and it looked delicious as it passed us.Great place. Bribe guy 75 dollars to get in. Would get 4.688 stars if install air conditioners. 
Obama out.I would give this place ZERO stars if I could .  Its disgusting and the atmosphere is horrible.  I had a fried clam sandwich that was soggy and tasteless.  The bartenders are rude and place is poorly managed.  Its a shame the waterfront spaced is so wasted in Philly.A great concept in theory, but the execution was thus:
Ran out of food Memorial Day weekend and reduced the hours they were open without adjusting the sign on their door.  If you go to a destination bar and they are not open as advertised, what then shall you do?Night time review.
Not surprised the only thing this place has going for it is location (and you're facing the wall of a bridge so its not even nice.)
The drinks are overpriced and watered down. Expected. Overcrowded past capacity? I can deal with that.
But when the door staff are complete and utter assholes? There is no way I or any of my friends will ever spend another dime here. I'm 24. Never had any hassle with ID at any bar or club on the East or West coast. This is the first time I've ever had an issue, and door staff were far from professional. I offered an alternative form of ID. Bouncer shoves me away and says he will call the cops for trespassing. 
When high school level drop outs are getting a high of what little power they can get at the front door, you know there's a problem with the venue. Add in $10 cover and the crappy music played on repeat all night and you have a recipe for success.Went here for Friday night and it was pretty packed. They have a lot of bars though so I never had to wait excessively long for a drink. Bathroom was a different story, that line was seriously ridiculous.
I like the cool foggy dance floor so I hung around the bar there for a while. At some point this chica challenged me to a dance off; she came at me hard but I held it down. These things happen so stay ready, my friend.
Overall, it's a hip weekend spot if there's nice weather. If you drink like I do, prepare to spend a good amount of money but being cool ain't easy, ya know? I'll probably go back a couple times before the Summer's over.Really wanted to love it here but really bad service - tiny annoying bugs too :( Food pretty good though!Oh Morgan's Pier, what has happened to you? I booked a work party here for a Tuesday night. The booking agent was kind of a bitch and took several days to get back to me. The rest of the staff was friendly and nice, but maybe overworked or on drugs (or both?)  The one bartender kept spilling drinks left and right. 
Ok so the food; gone are the amazing fish tacos of last year, now its really overpriced bbq joint with small portions. We ordered one of each appetizer and most of them came out cold, especially the fries and fried cauliflower. When did charging 9 dollars for 6 wings become the norm? 
The drinks were ok, overpriced and a little watered down. 
The bathrooms were super gross.
The view was great, but I doubt we'll be back.Surprisingly rude staff, was super stocked to visit and chill with some friends but we've must have somehow upset the bartender as he simply didn't hand us over our order. Been there on a hot day and there were zero cooling.Had an awesome Friday happy hour at Morgan's Pier in their opening day. We got there around 5:15 and half the restaurant was available for seating. By 8 when we left, everyone was hovering over the tables waiting for people to leave. Best, it's a gorgeous location when the weather's nice. Good breeze, awesome sun. Many of their Happy Hour beers are $3 which is an awesome deal. Food's pretty cheap too even though no HH deal. We got grilled corn and fried green tomatoes, both which were good.
But there are definitely major kinks to work out -- ie the server didn't know the HH times or specials. And despite being open only a couple hours though, the bathroom was gross. Poor design with a sensor paper towel dispenser just above the counter without space to get your hand under the sensor. The alternative were weak air dryers. Also the toilets had a lot of rust for a brand new place. Finally, the servers at a beer garden *should* know about their beers. Ours was very unknowledgeable.
But overall it was a great night. I hope Morgan's does well because it's a very welcome addition. After they have a few days to get their act in gear, I'll give them another try and update this review.We came here to have a drink and a bite midday on a Saturday. It was jam packed and loads of fun. The food was pretty good - we had a lobster roll, the fried cauliflower which was amazing, and the crispy chicken sandwich. Even though it was pricey the food really hit the spot. We will be back to enjoy this outdoor space and scene before the summer is over!The bouncers are racist and pulled out people for no reason. We were hosting an event for a student club and they don't let people in because most of us are Asians. Never host any party in this place.I went to Morgan's Pier with a group of friends yesterday, Memorial Day, during the day. The atmosphere is great. It really felt like worlds away from the city, despite the view of the bridge. It has the feel of a beach club and definitely got me in the mood for summer! We ordered food to accompany our cold drinks and this is where the experience got frustrating... My boyfriend ordered a PierBurger (advertised as a double stack) but was delivered a measly single patty on a bun. Nothing on the side. We informed the waiter of the issue, and he said he'd bring the right order... And then he said it again 20 minutes later... And again... And a third time before we decided to just nix the burger idea and go to Shake Shack. Just as our burger was "on its way" so too was our second round of drinks which never came to fruition. We nixed that second round as well and decided we'd sat in the heat for too long with shoddy (albeit friendly) service. It was time to go home. 
Aside from the spotty service, I really did enjoy Morgan's Pier and therefore: 4 stars. I would definitely give it a second shot (although my BF is reticent).Two stars is generous, but I'll give them their due since there's a great view.  
I finally made it over to this place after friends suggested going on a weeknight to enjoy the great view and good weather.  The drinks seem designed for college or precollege aged drinkers.  Gin and tonics were not good either.  Perhaps it was the disposable plastic cups(?). The food was mostly bad.  It's clear that the positive reviews of past were directly a result of Chef Sabatino and they foolishly strayed from that quality menu which Craig Laban praised.
Four of us shared a bunch of things and even the hummus was separated and gross.  I wondered if it was frozen at one point.  The only good points were the fries and the spare ribs.  Fries I can get anywhere, so that really doesn't count.  The Spare ribs were great actually.  Everything else was barely ok to bad.  If I ever went back, which I doubt, I know to stick to beer and wine.  Im too old for this place.  I know that now.The waterfront needed a new pier bar that wasn't going to attract the leftovers of The Roxy down Delaware Ave.  I couldn't pinpoint the crowd at Morgan's Pier, because everyone was having a great time...I just don't want to end up being grinded up on and roofied like I have been at Cavenaugh's or Bamboo.  
$5 cover wasn't too shabby and the Craft Beer bar was pretty exciting for me...just that the ONE bartender that was there for at least 10 of the 15 minutes I waited (in front, at the bar!) for a beer spent a lot of time staring and playing with the POS system while this other dude who must have been a barback just continuously poured himself drinks.  I'm sure that since this was opening weekend they were under water....it was just frustrating that the same kind of situation played out each time I went back.  Other than that bar the service everywhere else was great, and the atmosphere was pretty chill.  Not ridiculously packed...I could navigate.  I didn't have to wait in a terrible line for the bathroom.
When I got there the "live" music wasn't playing, it was just a DJ...but I really liked the vibe.  No stripteases happening on stage, no random fist fights, nobody yelling on the mic to MAKE SOME NOISSSSE.  There was ample seating and although I didn't see a full menu I did get a hot dog (for $2 dolla hollaaaa) on my way out and saw there's an ice cream stand.
Next time I want to go during the day to enjoy some time under an umbrella on the water.  And I want to ride my bike since I saw they have a special bike parking section!
Tip:  Don't wear heels or wedges...I regretted trying to look cute as soon as I tripped over a deck plank.  Everyone else is wearing flats, so don't be afraid!Went with a friend early on a Saturday afternoon. It's open seating so we chose a picnic table with an umbrella to provide some shade. Our server was prompt and attentive but not overly friendly. Didn't introduce herself, say welcome to Morgan's, or most importantly smile at any of my jokes!
We each ordered a Bloody Mary which was pretty good. They had adders for bacon and shrimp, $2 each. My friend got the shrimp and it was a single shrimp, medium size. Hopefully you get more than a single strip of bacon for $2 but not so sure.
Menu is limited. My friend ordered a 1/2 dozen oysters once I'd said I'd share. They were good, on the small side, with a decent sauce for dipping. It wasn't until we paid the bill that I realized they were $18! I got a clam roll for $12 and it was very tiny. Friend had some lettuce cups, two, and very tiny as well. The only item we shared that was a decent portion was some tater tots.
Great setting with view of the Ben Franklin Bridge and adjacent to a marina. But our bill for two rounds of drinks and the mentioned food items along with the gratuity we chose to give (close to 25%) came to $110. I'll be back but probably only for drinks.My favorite Philly summer bar. Great views, good beer selection, cheesy music.
I love outdoor bars, and Morgan's Pier is great. For a casual summer night, this is the spot. The music is usually cheesy as anything, and I love it. Grab and beer and sing and dance with friends. There's also a seating area with a pretty great view.
Can't wait to have a reunion when the weather gets warmer.A friend suggested we try this place for quizzo which just started there. We have been twice and really enjoy it!! The questions are good- not too hard but stupid easy either. Music and picture rounds are fun. You can't beat the view and atmosphere on the water and the outdoor feel. Wish the food was better, but drinks seem to be reasonably priced. Service has always been great, despite it being crowded they are always attentive and responsive. Definitely recommend for outdoor summer drinking and their quizzo on Tuesday evenings.Nice place but just takes ages to get served. Shame as i like this place. Will still return though and i like that they do events.
Could rework their seating arrangement to be better and bigger thoughVery bad service and unfriendly staff. They dont care about their customers. They are only getting business because they have a good location. That's it! Wont go back there again. Location doesn't justify their awful service. Really not worth it.I went to Morgan's Pier on a Wednesday night, so luckily did not face the seating problem that I expect would occur during the weekend. As others have mentioned, the layout is great. There are booths of sorts (without the high seats) and longer tables that would accommodate larger parties, as well as some smaller tables and a row of seats that look straight over the water. In addition they have two bar areas. 
The air circulates well (perhaps not so much if it were more packed), and the lights in the trees are charming. The crowd leaned to hipster, but still a friendly enough vibe overall.
For the food, we started with the crab fritters and wings. The crab fritters were my favorite dish of the evening, nicely done with a tasty aioli/tartar sauce of sorts. The wings were solid, though nobody at our table tasted much of the pineapple in the "pineapple-ancho" label of the dish. 
A friend and I got the pulled pork sandwich, while the other friend ordered the ramp sausage sandwich. The pulled pork was tender enough, but the sauce did not have a particularly memorable flavor and there wasn't enough of it on either of our sandwiches. My friend felt eh about the sausage, though didn't seem to have any particular complaints.
Overall, I enjoyed the experience, mostly due to being outdoors, having a laid-back night out with friends where we could hear each other speak, and the pretty scenery. I would return on a weeknight just to enjoy the outdoor space, though would probably only order drinks and appetizers.This was my second experience at Morgans Pier.  The first was fun, happy hour after work.  But I was a little disappointed in their "specialty cocktails".   They weren't as good as I'd hoped.  Last night however, was a different story.   First off, the band was terrible, my god, like bash me with a brick terrible.   It didn't even sound real.  It was like they were playing an MP3 overdub.  They sounded like one of those bands where someone says, "I respect them because they're musicians".  That mellow soft rock that doesn't really have any feelings attached to it.  Just mediocre music for a mediocre bar.  Secondly, the atmosphere.  It is frankly impossible to approach anyone in that bar without feeling uncomfortable.  Imagine Jersey shore, yep, there you go.  This was after a 311 concert so I expected some relaxed people at the least. Third, the service.  The bartender I dealt with seemed as if he felt he "ran the show."  Frankly, I'm not sure why I paid for the drinks I did.  If you dealt with a similar person in real life, you would simply walk away.  I'm noticing a reoccurring complaint of this bar, the service behind the bar.  Apparently, my bartender was mentally incapable of holding more than one order in his brain at one time.  And made it very clear to me in a rude fashion.  I could have paid $40.00 to go to the 311 concert, but instead paid $50.00  for 3 drinks and deal with the horrible atmosphere, people, and service.  No joke.  $50.00 for two jack and cokes and one tequila and cranberry.  Mid shelf liquor for $50.00.  I would prefer to go to the farmers cabinet and spend $50.00 any day of the week.  I doubt I will ever go back there again.   It only gets 2 stars specifically directed towards the view of bridge and water.I don't get why this place has such a following. It has a beautiful location, true, and i've given it numerous chances but every time it's just not my scene. First of all, $24 for two long islands?! I'm a bartender so i know that long islands are a pretty pricey drink but $12 a pop with mostly sour mix added and in small cups? WHYYYY!?
The music is just not my style. A lot of weird techno, and i'm pretty open to music, but i rarely find a night there where i can really get down, and i avoid the dancefloor like the plague since it's a breeding ground for creeps. It's always the biggest weirdos that flock there. Between the lurkers with bad fashion, the over abundance of fog machines, and horrible lights i always feel like i'm having a bad trip. 
It's always packed with snotty, judgmental girls with bad haircuts and guys in crappy plaid shirts and the sex appeal of some smelly, indie band kid. 
The best part about this place the hot dog stands. Two dollars for a pretty delicious dog and an abundance of toppings.
Oh, i've also eaten here- had the melon salad which was NOT what i expected, god awful, and not worth the money i paid. My friends got a burger that looked less than mediocre, and root beer peanuts which tasted like soggy beatles rolled in dirt.I had high hopes for Morgan's Pier given it's fantastic location. However, I was quickly disappointed, mostly because it really wasn't my scene. The venue itself is actually pretty nice and they utilized the space well and the addition of the food trucks/carts is a cool idea. The music was what really killed it for me because I just couldn't get into in. For me, if I'm not put in a dancing mood my the music, I definitely will not return. Add that to the long bathroom line and unfortunately Morgan's Pier will not make it onto my list of go-to spots in the city.Don't waste your time. Bouncers are a-holes, drinks are severely overpriced, and the food is below par. There are 100 better places to go in the city. Glad I only spent 10 minutes in there, couldn't get out fast enough.I agree with some of the other reviewers that this place is great in theory, but very poor in its execution. I went Sunday of the opening (Memorial Day) weekend around 9pm-ish. There were maybe three servers in the area I was sitting when they probably needed double that. We ended up having to flag down a server after sitting for about 20 minutes without being acknowledged. When I flagged her down, she was clearly swamped and told us to give her a minute and she'd be back. We got our food after an hour of sitting there and the server forgot our drinks, so we actually didn't get our drinks for over an hour. When we did get our food it was a vast disappointment. Granted, our food was cold when we got it. I had the portobello mushroom sandwich, which was the smallest portobello mushroom possible on a regular hamburger bun with some goat cheese. Also also, something must have been wrong with the keg from which my friend's beer came cause it seemed to have some clumpy, cloudy hop or yeast sediment settling at the bottom half of the glass.
All in all, I think this was mostly just a first weekend fluke. My best guess is the management grossly underestimated the turn out and did not properly train its staff. But, I probably wouldn't go back unless something monumental was happening there.I came here with some friends that were in town and the place looks nice, good music, great view. We ordered burgers. Food and drinks are ok, nothing that stands out from other places. It's very packed so finding a space to sit is not easy. But the service was AWFUL! The waitress spilled a drink on me, she was moody and took a long time to bring our drinks. I asked for napkins to dry myself and that also took forever.* Bar review only, not food **
You have to know what you're walking into here -- and you might have a better experience or pre-game so you're drunk enough to enjoy.
Pros -- the view. It's a great spot in the spring, cooler nights of the summer, and into the fall . You've got a great view of the Ben Franklin Bridge overseeing the water, and it's a decent spot to go out with some friends and go dancing in a casual environment where you don't need to dress up. 
"Cons" - now I say cons with air quotes because hey, some people might enjoy the crowds, we're all different.
A true con though -- is the wait at the bar. It's ridiculously packed and crowded on the weekends, you'll be waiting 5-10 minutes for a drink at the bar, so choose 1 friend have him/her order all your groups' drinks and you'll be set.
The music is much different that I remembered it last summer. I enjoyed their ambient, chill " edm" music. The music this past Saturday wasn't my scene -- top 40s, very college-esque. 
Expect large crowds, being shoulder to shoulder with other people and it can get pretty stuffy on the dance floor even though this is outdoors. Depending on what you're looking for -- this might be your spot to go and have a no-fuss-casual good time ( no fuss except your wait for drinks.._.. or a spot you want to avoid. It's a younger crowd like I said a lot of college students. Choose your poisonOh my goodness, that VIEW.  That was the best part of my experience at Morgan's Pier.  I was there with 10 or so of my girlfriends on a Bachelorette party evening.  We were there around 10:30/11pm and to glance up at the beautifully lit-up Ben Franklin bridge with a cold drink in our hands was super cool.  
We danced for a good twenty minutes and then left because it was all house music (Saturday night).  We asked if that's what would be going on all night and when the bouncer affirmed, we headed out to find a place with more hip-hop/R&B. 
The place is spacious and didn't have a meat market feel.  It's also really cool to dance outside.  
I think the two worst parts were 1) the music (just not our taste) and 2) when I bought two beers and three shots for me and some girls and the bartender followed-up with, "that'll be $46."  Ouch.Good booze with excellent prices. Had a excellent view to the port and Philadelphia bridge. The environment is so lively especially on a Friday. They can improve on the music however**Review for nightlife**
This place was jam packed over July 4th wkend. No dress code it seems and no cover for the ladies (remember to smile!) for us. 
The music is more of a happy EDM type spin - I can't wrap my head around it. It was difficult to dance to as well, so a lot of people just sat around and drank. What I do remember is of those who chose to dance were very memorable characters (in a good and bad way) 
Regardless, I'd pass coming here again if I'm ever back in Philly again.If you keep up with the Philly food scene, you know that there's always some debate when Philly Mag's Top 50 Best Restaurant list comes out. For 2012, Stateside was a new addition and #1 to boot. While there was some debate as to Stateside being at the top of the list, there was no surprise when Stateside's creative chef, George Sabatino, was named best new chef.  
Shortly thereafter though, Chef Sabatino decided to jump ship and head over to Morgan's Pier of all places. Not especially known for pushing out the most creative dishes from its "kitchen," Morgan's Pier (pre-Sabatino) was certainly well known for the throngs of people looking for a cheap drink by the river. I couldn't help but be intrigued at the potential new menu and Chef Sabatino's leap from cooking for approximately 30 diners to several hundred a night. So I decided to check out the new "picnic" menu with the GF and some friends.
Bloody Mary ($8)
Absolut Citron, lemon, smoked pickled green beans, salted chili rim
I decided to start the night off with a Bloody Mary, knowing that I would appreciate a drink with some spice to offset the impending pork belly and fries that I was looking to order. This wasn't my favorite iteration of the ubiquitous cocktail, but it definitely had the abundantly spicy kick that I was looking for. The smoked pickled green bean was an interesting twist, though was more appropriate to suck on than nibble. It did offer some countervailing astringency to the drink. Still, I think going with beer here would be par for the course though.
All Kinds of Melons ($8)
Fresh goat cheese, hazelnuts  
The GF started off with the melon salad, a gorgeous medley of fruit that was compressed and pickled with ginger beer. Each bite was a quenching burst of flavor, highlighted by the vinaigrette. The fresh goat cheese offered creamy tang, with the candied hazelnuts offering sweetness and texture to offset the peppery arugula. 
Cheese Croquettes ($5)
Sauteed kale, Romesco 
I started off with the cheese croquettes, a quartet of crispy morsels filled with a creamy mixture of sauteed kale and cheese, atop a sweet Romesco sauce. Nice, but I couldn't help but want more (quantity, not quality!).
BBQ Pulled Mushroom Sandwich ($8)
Romaine hearts, Gigi's cucumber salad 
For her main, the GF went with the pulled mushroom sandwich. Unfortunately, the texture was not to her liking. The mushrooms were slimy. I did appreciate the flavor that was imparted in them - sweet and smoky.
There was some texture from the romaine and the cucumber, but I felt like this sandwich needed something more. The bun was airy, yet a a bit too limp, especially considering the texture of the "pulled" mushrooms. A side of pickled carrots and onions was provided as well.
Crispy Thick Cut Bacon Sandwich ($7.50)
Apricot mustard, slaw 
I knew that "crisp thick cut bacon" meant pork belly, which is obviously a must-order for me. Unfortunately, I was immediately turned off by the thick, rustic bun. I get that the pork belly is innately heavy so perhaps the bun was meant to offset that heft. Unfortunately, it was way too dry, especially considering there was not enough of the apricot mustard to cut through the fattiness of the belly. The pork belly was certainly the highlight of the sandwich - perfectly unctuous. In fact in retrospect, I would have been happy eating the innards of the sandwich with just a fork and knife. The slaw provided a nice textural crunch with a slight vinegary tang. The standard side of the day accompanied this sandwich as well.
Really Good Fries ($3 small / $7 large)
Spicy salt, aioli
And last, but certainly not least, I ordered a large order of the aptly named fries for the table. If you're thinking about the fries, go big or go home. For a large order, you get a huge tray of these delicious thin-cut fries. Salty, crispy, and creamy - they were definitely aggressively seasoned and served with an aioli with some subtly smoky spice to it. Perfect to pair with a drink or three.
Overall, if you're looking for decent bites in a relaxed setting by the river, Morgan's Pier is a good bet. Grab a beer and get some friends together to try some of Chef Sabatino's dishes. While some missed the mark, the flavors were generally there. And certainly with the appetizers, you can see some of the technique that has been infused into the kitchen thanks to the Chef. Next time around, I'll be sure to try the futuristic burger - cooked sous-vide, flash-frozen with liquid nitrogen, and deep-fried to order. I suppose that's something you'd expect from someone crowned best new chef in Philly. 
Disclaimer: 4 stars considering the atmosphere on a Tuesday night was relaxed and you could actually enjoy the scene. According to the other reviews though, I'd stay away on weekend nights unless you're looking to kick it at the Jersey shore.Excellent place the view is incredible, good drinks and lots of different beers, it is great for groups, the food is really good, I recommend this place, will come back again.Visiting for the weekend. Headed here with a large group. 
Beautiful view and nice location. Right on water looking up at the bridge. 
Dj was not great. Lotta techno and house. 
Great beer selection and very good bartenders. 
Really fun place although I don't usually pay cover. 5 bucks isn't too badOnly good thing about this place is the location. Service is awful. If you like waiting 30 mins for a drink or 1 hour for a burger then this place is for you. They should fire the management and get people in there that can run a decent establishment. What a waste of Philadelphia water front.This DJ blows. I never heard these weird funky tunes before but they are NOT working ... for anyone.I'd come back here for two things: to drink a few craft beers outside by the water, and to eat corn crab fritters.
I'd think twice about coming back here because: service sucks, and the menu isn't that exciting.
My husband and I grabbed dinner here last night, on what was a random Tuesday night around 6:30pm.  We had no problem getting seated, and appreciated the various seating arrangements you can choose from.  Our waitress was nice enough, but she took easily 15 minutes to bring us our beers. The food menu is on the smaller side, and not too exciting.  We started with corn crab fritters, and then a grilled sausage sandwich and fried chicken tacos. Everything came out at once, which was annoying, and the sandwich came slathered in mustard even though I requested no mustard. The corn crab fritters were pretty amazing, and the rest was ok.  The sausage sandwich was just a grilled Italian sausage on a Martin's hot dog potato roll with no cheese or peppers to jazz it up.  The fried chicken tacos consisted of 2 chicken nuggets, a dallop of cole slaw, and a splash of hot sauce.  We were definitely expecting better food, but I guess we shouldn't have given the prices.
So yes, I'm sure we'll be back for a cheap lunch on a sunny Sunday, but I doubt we'll do dinner here again.  While the ambiance is great, the wait staff & food are just blah.Stopped by Morgan's Pier on Memorial Day with my family for some food and drinks. As a long time fan of George Sabatino, I was excited to see what he had planned for Morgan's Pier, and I was not disappointed! There were 5 of us so we decided to order a bunch of plates for the table to split. Cheesy kale croquettes were ridiculously flavorful and delicious. We also got the whole roasted Branzino that was just as delicious as it looked. Added bonus: No bones! It made it a lot simpler for the table to split. Another big surprise was the shrimp cocktail. Yeah I know what you're thinking, shrimp cocktail? The shrimp was really fresh and the Miso mustard that came with it was out of this world. We also ordered the BBQ sampler:Ribs, porkbelly, rabbit rillettes, home made sausage and vegan baked beans. The sausage and baked beans definitely were the favorite among the table.We obviously ordered a lot more food but I was enjoying one too many Watermelon Ricky's and things started to get a little blurry. One thing I do remember though was that our server was awesome! I think her name was Amanda? She was super attentive with checking on our table, clearing our plates to make room for more food, and making sure none of us had a dry drink! I will absolutely be back to Morgan's Pier and can't wait to try more of the menu!I was excited to hear about the opening of Morgan's Pier because the area is in desparate need of more outdoor seating venues.  The location is prime for spectacular views so removing the roof makes all the sense in the world.  
Morgan's Pier owners and operators know their marketing.  Plenty of buzz was circulating about this place so I was excited to get down and try it out.   The buzz was so high, it may be hard to fill the hype.  I was suprised at the exterior facade to be honest, very no frills and understated.  While not appauling, I think they missed the mark on the intended vibe.  The use of repurposed loading pallets works well on the walls on the interior, but looks out of place when viewing from outside.  I'll forgive the looks if they deliver on taste and selection.  Once inside, things get better. 
The layout is spectactular.  It allows the interior space to wear many hats, if you will.  For example, the night I arrived, there was a dance party going on to my right while others gathered for drinks at the back to enjoy the views.  Simultaniously others enjoyed the Draft Beer house to the left while I sat and ate dinner with my girlfriend and dozens of other patrons.  At no point did I feel crowded or out of place.  Very well done, indeed.
I found no problem finding seats for 2 on opening weekend for dinner and drinks.  The menu is simple and straight forward, your standard bar foods with a nice element to set them apart.  Portions are on the smaller side, although you won't be starved.  I was pleased with the big taste of my burger, though at first I felt it was rather "backyard on the grill."  The beer menu and cocktails are the real highlight.  Standard Philly faves like PBR and Buds are $2-3 while a long list of microbrews and local ales will keep the higher-brow patrons satisfied.  
In addition to the menu, the space boasts several food cart-y types offering tacos and dogs.  I'm a soccer for street meat and found no qualms with paying $3 for a grilled dog on the way out.  It was excellent!
Like so many others have said, it's great in theory but lacks in execution entirely.  It's almost as if I like the idea of it more than I actually like it.   That said, I'm remaining optomisitc and I'll definitely go back to Morgan's.  It looks like a place that can house a number of "crowds" and satisfy everyone.  Food was good enough at the price point, beers are well priced and provide a great selection, and I love the view of the Ben Franklin plenty, so this is a sure bet. I wonder about long term viability.  I hope people can get behind it and they can maintain the buzz throughout the summer months.  I'd hate to see another abandoned restaurant along the Delaware.The food and the service was terrible. Just...awful. How's this still open? Stay away, unless you're just going for the outdoorsy vibe. Peace.Morgan's Pier has an amazing view, good service, wonderful garden, and great food. It's suprisingly inexpensive! Everything was perfect so we always had dinner here during our stay in Philly. We really enjoy our time and love Philly more than we expect because of Morgan's Pier!I think everyone is very excited about this new bar right on the water. I know I was-and I can't wait to go back!
Prices: $5 cover to get in which seems reasonable for a Saturday night. $2 hot dogs being served from vendor carts. $2 PBRs. Definitely seemed reasonable overall. 
The drinks: The beer menu is pretty diverse. Yes they have Yuengling, Coors, and PBR but they have craft beers too. I was the DD so I didn't get to drink but they are also supposed to have a bar full of signature cocktails. 
The atmosphere: This bar is going to be packed all the time. The crowd was diverse-girls dressed to impress, hipsters, etc. Seating was hard to come by which stinks-it's supposed to be a beer garden, not a club.
Overall, it's off to a great start. I'm looking forward to going back during the day for drinks.The food is good and the atmosphere was even better. The beer pitchers are perfect for 2 if you're looking to snack and hand around for a couple hours. Whether you're a partying post-grad, chatting with your other mom-friends, or catching up with an old friend, this is a good spot.AWFUL! extremely unfriendly staff. The management believes people will go for their prime location. I wouldn't consider going there again. Worst costumer service I have ever experienced.I went to Morgan's on a Friday night for a couple of hours.  I got in before the cover charge started, it seemed like people eating dinner were thinning out and the place was on the verge of turning into a full blown Jersey shore club.  From what I have read on others' Yelp reviews, perhaps I left at a good time.  While I was there early in the evening, it was a relaxed atmosphere with good drinks on the water.  I was happy to see that they serve dark and stormies and the servers were always available to refill your glass.Nice outdoor beer garden on the Delaware river overlooking the marina. The atmosphere is the best aspect of this bar. There are tons of tables with craft beer stations scattered around. The food is somewhere between subpar and mediocre. I had the blackened tuna burger with aioli which was ok. My friends and I split the salt and pepper squid which lacked any kind of specific taste and was pretty bland. My friend Zaslav is insisting "the grilled corn on the cob is lathered with butter and is fantastically delicious". Overall a cool place to grab a few beers on a weekend afternoon on a nice day but would not rely on the food for a decent meal.Can't give it any stars. Had reservations for 15 for a graduation dinner, on Saturday june 10, we arrived 15 minutes early to find they would not honor our reservation because they were 'busy'  . We spoke with Amanda to make the reservation on monday of this week.  If she answers when you call hang up and go elswhere.The place looks really nice as it has lights and is on the water with the view of new jersey and boats all around. However, the food was not great. The lobster roll had no flavor and was on the pricey end. The guac and chips was the best bang for your buck as it was fresh and only $7. I did not like that wine was served in plastic cups and that my tequila sunrise tasted just like oj with pulp.can't beat the location and view if you like being by the water.  good energy and vibe.  food and drinks are a little expensive for what you get but i guess you're paying for the atmosphere.  tried the fish sandwich and tomato salad.  neither was amazing but both were good.  also had the fries, they're yummy and heavily seasoned.  went on a saturday night and it was busy the entire time.  service was solid.  we'll be back..Came here for the night scene with a group of friends it was a cool place, lots of seating and a good view of the Ben Franklin bridge.  Pretty chill place to grab drinks.Come for a beer and watch the sun go down.  Skip the food. UNLESS IT'S LITTLE BABY'S ICE CREAM, but that's a separate review.I headed to Morgan's Pier after checking out Race Street Pier.  The weather was hot and I figured it would be the perfect place.  Upon entry, the place was full, so my friend and I stood by the bar and ordered two drinks.
I tried the Watermelon Wheat beer and it was delicious.  I want to go back just for that.  
We didn't try the food, and honestly, I don't think I'd ever come here to eat.  
I want to go back, just for location alone.I'm not sure where to start with this place. It's organized chaos. Seat yourself on a Saturday night and wait to see if a waiter will come over. Our waiter was nice enough but clearly swamped. We were patient and didn't complain when he brought a drink we didn't ask for, but the icing on the cake was when we bit the bullet and just paid for the drink and deducted the price from his tip. He stops is and says we didn't give him enough to cover the bill. Are you kidding me? This idiot actually thought we were going to fall for that. After one of my friends quickly shut that down he starts asking us what he did wrong to deserve the tip he got. In what world do servers act like that?Pretty nice place. Sadly this place is seasonal so not all can enjoy all year around. they have pretty good food and drinks with great services and music.Ok obviously Morgan's is great for its atmosphere and for people watching and blah blah blah. But their food? Ugh, pass. 
 My friends and I picked a table closest to the water near the larger bar. Bad idea if you want table service because you might end up waiting anywhere from a minute to FORTY minutes just to get drink orders in.  Despite our large group and trying to hail whomever was around to grab our order,  we ended up only getting our orders in about an hour after we sat down. That was indeed a bummer.   Anywhoo,ordered the  italian sausage because I was starving and my friend had told me that their burgers weren't really on point. I expected the sausage to be just like any other sausage:bit greasy but flavorful. I knew it would be coming with some kale and garnish on top, but when I bit into the entire thing, the kale tasted literally like grass. I dumped the kale-garnish to the side and ate only about a half of the sausage. The sausage itself tasted as if it were burnt ( i couldn't really tell because of course it was dark as hell ). My other friend ordered the pickled beans or asparagus (something green that was pickled). That was pretty solid and was consumed within minutes. Their clam sandwich was made as if, in the words of my friend, "someone just dumped a bunch of clam meat into an open hamburger bun and hoped the sauce would flavor it up. "  She wasn't too thrilled by the lack of oomph for the sandwich and didn't eat the entire thing.  The fries were nothing special-not even any rosemary or spices to coat the fries.
Our waiter was helpful and even returned for us a few drink orders that weren't made up to par with no hesitation.Great location, Terrible food...
A beautiful day with a gorgeous view only to be to ruined by terrible food.  Everything was pretty gross.  Fried pickles were rock solid...seriously, they were cement hard.  What was the chef thinking with that batter?!?!  Nuggets that I feed to my children were obviously frozen and extremely dry.  I questioned if they were edible and after taking a bite myself, I was grossed out (picture uploaded).  My poor children....I hope they don't get sick.  Wings, fries and hush puppies were all overly salty.
Only thing worth coming here for is the view.  It's a shame that I wasted a beautiful Sunday morning with my family on this meal.  What is your problem Morgan's Pier?!?!i got bahn mi from morgan's pier and I'm so mad at myself. I dont know what I was thinking. it's 99% my fault. im sorry.Like many others, I avoid this place at night on the weekends... but it's a great spot to go during the day. Plus, if you go in during the day, you won't have to pay the cover later on. 
Other than the view, the things that stand out to me are the vegan hot dogs and the Hell or High Watermelon always in stock. I'm a fan of both of these items... however, I wish they'd open up the hot dog stand a little earlier! 
If you go at night, be prepared for the overflow from all the surrounding creeptastic places.Very cute atmosphere but filled with loud, obnoxious people. The food was absolutely horrendous- I rarely leave a bad review, but this was shockingly bad. All we had were appetizers and they were barely edible. The soft pretzel and fried pickles were worse than what you could make at home, and my friend had a burger that was the thinnest frozen patty I have ever seen. If you come here stick to drinks and the pretty view!Was looking to have a few beers in a relaxed setting Sunday afternoon (ala Frankford Hall) and was disappointed I had to pay a $5 cover to hear a DJ playing dance club music.  Would have expected that later at night and wouldn't have minded paying a cover for a band.  Plus it was weird mix of families with little kids and the party crowd.  Not sure what this place is supposed to be.  Think I'll stick to Frankford Hall or the Piazza when looking for a mellow stop somewhere.This is solely for the late night drinking experience on Saturday.  I've never eaten here.
If this was last summer, I'd give it 5 stars:  no cover, no lines, no shitty crowds, amazing live performances (ICONA POP!), and a little smaller in size, hence more of a fun, dancy vibe.
This summer, I'm a bit shocked at how much it's changed.  There was a $5 cover, a line (luckily we got there at 10 instead of 11 when the heavy crowds roll in), a weird mix of people, and a DJ that played what sounded to me like all transition music....that bland kind of house you'd hear while shopping somewhere high-end like Barney's.  No vocals, no buildups or breakdowns....nothing to change of the pace of the monotonous beat.  
Since last year, it looks like they've added on to the dance floor and made it bigger which was really awkward when you're the only group dancing and people just watch you from the outskirts.  When it was smaller, it forced people to be more sociable and the vibe was a lot better.  Plus, there's a damn smoke machine now? I'm fine with a little bit here and there but that thing was blasting so hard I could barely see the DJ and his strobe lights through it.
FYI: don't order the slushy that boasts to have "fresh melon" and white rum.  It not only tasted like those gross, cloyingly sweet pre-mixed frozen packets you can buy at the supermarket, but it made us all so parched we had to flag down our waitress for some water.  Not fresh at all.  You're better off sticking to the wide variety of beer they offer here.
I'm still giving it a 3 star rating because the drink selection is a lot better than Cavanaugh's, and the outdoor area is too damn cute, especially if you're in the mood for a chill kind of night.  I'm still really glad anyone can sit on the decks and it's not sectioned off for VIP.  Plus, you can get a server and skip waiting at the bar.
Maybe I'll come back on Thursdays when it's RJD2 performing and it's supposedly hoppin'.I went on a Saturday around 8:00pm. The place is beautiful, and the service is good.. but it gets way too crowded. The food was just okay and the portions were really small. We were told we had to seat ourselves, so we kind of just stood around and had to watch for a table to open up, and race people to it when we found one. 
I would come definitely visit again, but earlier in the day and just for a few drinks.Terrible service. We sat for 30 min while a waitress kept telling us out server would be coming by in a few minutes. Left before even getting water.Fish tacos lacked flavor, crab fritters were more corn bread than crab, fries were a bit too salty. Overall the atmosphere was great, but very loud so not a great place for a date.  Have a dance floor and DJ. Beautiful view of the river and bridge.The atmosphere here couldn't be beat! Great drinks ! The American mule was my favorite. Cheese curds were so good! Service was super nice . Didn't have dinner but it was a great happy spot with awesome water views! Probably wouldn't go if you want wine though...Awesome place for a midday drink in this hot and humid weather. Great view of the water and bridge.first time ... went last night with some friends for a going away dinner.. the ambiance is great. we came at 6...left around 10pm.  its perfect for some appetizers and snacks..and some beer. if you end up there too late.. the music gets really loud, you can't help but scream at the people you're with so they can hear you.
overall it was a good night... the fries really are very good... enjoyed pretty much everything we ordered. nothing was amazing... but nothing was bad. wings, shrimp cocktail, fish, etc.I have to say it  took far longer to make it over here than I thought it would but finally made it, and before the Teo Leo show coming up there which I wasn't expecting. If you're looking for outdoor seating for a period of time, and want the amazing view that comes along this may be where you want to plant yourself.
The food was average but they have a few interesting apps that are worth checking out like the Blistered Shishito Peppers that come with a runny but delicious Dill Ranch.  We had a great bar tender that was more than proactive with refills on even our water, never a bad thing.
That being said no one is going here for the food or drinks anyway, it's the seating. Which is pretty perfect.Terrible costumer service. This place is a dump. I've never had a worst time. The place kicks people out for looking the wrong way. We watched several girls get escorted out for no reason. We will not return.Service makes a difference.  We had a great waitress.  It was hot, not their fault.  Misters and fans abound but it was still hot.  She told us the wings sucked and she was right.  Dry ranch rub is not a good idea.  Should have listened.  Fish sandwich was okay.  Fries are good.  Chips and corn is okay.  $4.50 for a Bud is fine, I get it, it is Philly and we are on the water but $29 for a cocktail is strong, and I don't mean alcohol strong I mean that is too strong of a price.  
Music and crowd were fun.  Stop by for a drink and the view.  Go elsewhere to eat.No cover and not very crowded on a Thursday night. The waitstaff was pretty quick with our orders. Had a decent $8 dark and stormy. Philly totally needed a place like this. Being on the water right by the lit up bridge is really relaxing and made me feel like I was far away from city life. The music selection was a little confused. Besides the ambiance, the other best part is Little Baby's ice cream!I was here for the first time on Saturday afternoon.  Since it was during the daytime, the club type atmosphere was not happening.  My husband and I just had a beer and some wings and fries.  The service was good, fairly attentive.  The wings and fries were just ok, nothing special.  The menu in general didn't have anything that looked terribly appealing to me.  The atmosphere is nice though, and I can definitely see coming back here with a couple of friends on a summer night when there's a DJ.I've been to Morgan's Pier twice. The first time we ended up sitting at the bar on the left side...took about 10 minutes for us to get a drink, and the bartender was less than pleasant. We kept asking for certain beers and he kept saying no, that they don't serve those beers at the bar. Instead of suggesting other possible options, he kept us guessing. We also couldn't order food there, which he told us rudely. 
The second time I was there was on a Sunday afternoon, there was a 5 dollar cover charge and this obnoxiously loud DJ pumping out strange music. Also, there were kids everywhere and a guy dancing with a new born baby in his arms. It was the strangest atmosphere I've ever witnessed... Why have a DJ, a cover charge, blasting music, and then allow little toddlers to run around? I'm not entirely sure what kind of atmosphere Morgan's Pier is going for, but it definitely failed. I would've much preferred some chill relaxing music rather than dubstep beats, especially on a Sunday afternoon. 
Meh, not sure if I'll go back at this point, 0-2.Great place to bring your date or if you just want a nice place to kick it. I love the atmosphere and it's right by the bridge. You can definitely get some nice photos here and they play good music. They have patio tables all around so seating isn't hard. It's an outdoor bar so make sure you check the weather before coming here.After reading the reviews, I came here with the hubby. The weather was gorgeous and we wanted to enjoy it at an outdoor bar with the nice view. 
We showed up  around 5:00 pm on a Sunday and it was crowded. We were surprised to see it was self seating, so we walked around for a few minutes and was lucky to find two chairs facing the water.
Once seated we  really appreciate the great view of the water and Ben Franklin Bridge. This is a great place to go if you can appreciate a great view.I've only been here once and I was pretty torn about the experience. I enjoyed the view and the music very much. However I felt like the service was a bit lacking. It wasn't an overly busy night but our server was MIA for most of the time we were there and the table we sat at was very wobbly/broken. In terms of the food, it wasn't bad but I definitely wouldn't recommend for picky eaters in my personal opinion. 
I am hoping it was just an off night and I would definitely go back and give it another try.3.5 Stars if it was available. 
My wife and I went here for dinner on a Friday night then a pretty big group of friends met us for many drinks. It is a good spot to do so. They don't take reservations and seating is first come first serve. You just find a table to sit and go from there. 
The service was very good our server for dinner, Allison was a delight. They have many beers and cocktails the drinks come in plastic cups or cans.  The food was pretty good it comes when it is ready not in coarses. My wife wasn't too hungry so she just had a couple of "Appetizers" they call snacks and sides Peel & Eat Shrimp Cocktail and Grilled Turkey Tails I tried a little and they were decent nothing great, nothing horrible. I had the Hanger Steak with Potatoes it was a good steak, came on a butcher block not a plate. I thought that was pretty neat. We also shared Boiled Peanuts we love them they were also good, don't see them in this area too often. 
We moved to a large table in the back closer to the bridge when our friends arrived. There is just something about being outside by the river and the view of the bridge and boats' going by that makes this place pretty cool. We all had a great time. As the night went on this place got pretty packed with the collage age crowd. We're in our 30's and 40's but it didn't stop us from hanging out for a while.Morgan's Pier has great atmosphere but that's about it. For the first time in years, the food is terrible. I tried the hamburger and pork sandwich which are basic food standards that are easy to execute and they were so disappointing. The burger was a cheap patty with a slice of iceberg lettuce and the pork sammy had zero flavor. 
I would recommend getting a beer and soaking in the views but don't bother with the food.