Came here for my birthday dinner and it was amazing and very romantic.The atmosphere is also amazing. The service was great. The only problem I had was that we got there late and the Philadelphia roll I ordered was a bit hard like they gave us the hard rice that's been in the sitting in rice pot all day. But I looked pass that. For my meal I ordered the steak and lobster. They made it perfect.  So I had a great birthday dinner there.Decent casual food parading itself as fine dining. Moshulu is a novelty restaurant with a nice atmosphere for folks not interested in challenging cuisine. 
We started with the calimari and shrimp cocktail. The calamari were well-executed, but very lackluster in flavors. The taste was primarily of bread crumbs. The balance of flavors in the dish was off. 
The shrimp cocktail came with massive shrimp, but they were particularly flavorful or well-executed. They tasted like they'd sat around cooked since the morning. The cocktail sauce was an interesting blend of cranberry and chili sauce that I did find unique and pleasant, albeit outshined by the lack of flavor in the shrimp. 
My main course, the swordfish topped with short rib, sounded awesome. Alas, it was not. The swordfish was over-executed by 15-20 degrees leaving it dry and unpleasantly fibrous and sticky to the tooth on the bite. The short rib, likewise, was overcooked and dry and stringy with very little of the unctuous juicy fat that characterizes a well-executed version of the cut. 
For dessert we ordered the Ice Cream Brownie for two. The ice cream and whipped cream atop were pleasantly smooth and sugary. However, the brownie was dry and chalky. Very unpleasant.I love this restaurant! They have great appetizers and make good drinks. I enjoy the inside of the boat and going onto the top deck especially in the summer when you can sit outside and enjoy a nice drink. I also think the service is superb!I went here for dinner in December---the food was average (the pre-dinner bread was memorably bad), my filet mignon was very salty, but our after dinner coffee was delicious.  We ate on a slant which was the only thing that reminded me we were on a boat and not just a musty Charlie Brown's.Our food server was very gracious, but the food and drinks were less than expected. The calamari was too salty and the PLT bread tasted like it was thrown together without any meaningful tasteful purpose. My dirty martini tasted more like olive juice. On the upside, the salmon entry was tasty. It was simply too expensive for the quality of food.Going to Moshulu is a delicious and unique experience.
The food was excellent. I started with the Tuna Crab Roll which was pretty good, but not nearly the star of the show. For my entree I chose the All-Natural Fried Chicken. The chicken was perfectly cooked and the grits were well seasoned. I finished the meal by trying a few desserts, including the Chocolate Luxe Layer Cake and the Moshulu Signature Sundae, which were both fantastic.
The atmosphere has some pros and cons. The ship is beautiful and (if seated in the right spot) provides some nice views. However, we sat at a table toward the middle of the ship, and we were slanted on an incline, which was a bit uncomfortable. The service was friendly and attentive, and while the food is delicious, it's a bit overpriced.
Moshulu is a great choice for a special occasion and some great food.The setting on the Delaware River is nice, but that is all there is to recommend this restaurant.  The restaurant décor is dated.  The menu is pretentious.  The meals were nothing special.  The hostess had an attitude.  My wife and I were placed at a table that should not have been used.  We were in a room with a party of 30, who were celebrating a 50th anniversary.  They were extremely loud and it essentially ruined our night out.  Our server did acknowledge the situation and comp'd our drinks, so nice job by him.Went here for a special anniversary. Food was great, service was great. Was pricey but well worth it.Rolls were goods as well as salads and the crab mac and cheese. It s a nice place to have a nice dinner in phillyGreat lobster bisque at the bar of the Moshulu.  Very good served by friendly staff.  This place is unique and feels historic.Never had the food here, but I assume they don't have many vegan option. However, I did attend a dance party on the deck once and it was really fun!The atmosphere is REALLY cool. That is probably the best part. We went for lunch and wish I could have come during dinner time as they have a live band. It seems like an upscale restaurant, so it was a little odd they served water in plastic cups, but I'm not picky about things like that. We ordered the calamari as an appetizer and the portion was very small so that was disappointing. They also serve it with a tomato sauce and olives. Those were very good. For lunch, I ordered the shrimp pasta with tomato sauce and spinach. It was supposed to come with Parmesan cheese. It didn't really bother me enough to ask for some. The shrimp was delicious- very tender. The rest of the meal was nothing spectacular. Just noodles, sauce and spinach. All in all, the atmosphere is what really makes this place what it is.Stopped in for a drink at the bar over the holiday weekend - I have to say the bartenders were some of the worst I've experienced in Philly. I guess it would have helped if I was young, cute and not a guy or if you didn't have a kid with you! 
You would think that at least one of four male bartenders would notice someone new sitting at a half empty bar or a women wanting to see a menu to order food for her kid! I watched a couple come in and sit at the bar and after a few minutes watching several bartenders walk right past them finally wave their hands in the air to get someone's attention. 
I waited almost 5 minutes to get a beer and had to stop a bartender to get my empty glass refilled (and, by the way, would it have killed you to give me a new   glass instead of refilling my empty?) Not once did any of them ask if I wanted anything or if I wanted to see a menu. I did notice that they did check in on several young ladies frequently. 
Can't speak to how good or bad the food is but based on the service received trying to get a beer I think I'll pass on trying to get any food. 
I'm giving it two stars which isn't really fair since I only experienced the service at the deck bar. The restaurant may deserve a better review. It's unlikely I'll give it a try though. Too many great places to enjoy to give them a second chance to disappoint!This is one star is for the top deck view. Food is ok but the service was really bad. Ordered the seafood platter and truffle fries. Fries were cold when served, asked the server to put in a new order and she warmed the same fries and got it back. Would not recommend this place at allI absolutely hated this place! I went there with high hopes and great expectations for the place. The staff is very low class and unprofessional. They constantly chat with one another about their own lives instead of worrying about their customers. They messed up my order and gave us wrong items. The prices are also not what you see in the menu, so either the menu isn't updated or you just order what you like with the expectation that it will be at the cost that you see in the menu. I was completely disregarded during my visit there and had to wait a very long time for a very simple order that should by no means take a long time to complete. The staff completely pays no attention to the place either, it's not just the customers who are getting such treatment, as I had noticed how dirty the place was and no one had even bothered to clean up the mess that previous customers around the different tables had created. I'm assuming that a change of either staff or management could get this place up and running properly. The only thing I enjoyed while I was there was my view. Hopefully it won't be the case if I ever decide to change my mind and visit again.The parking lot charged a $15. fee. Really! Ok, I got over that and into the restaruant we went.
Bottomless Mimosas are nice but really good food and great variety is absolutely essential. However, that is not what we found. 
Nothing flowed together either. There was a tasty lobster bisque that should have been stationed next to fresh shucked oysters and maybe even some inexpensive flying fish roe and paddle fish cavier and cold shrimp. That could have been next to crab benedict and then the omlet station and then the waffle station. But then, sadly, only my minds eye saw that. 
Could someone explain just what Lo Mein was doing next to lox and bagles? Then lets talk about the almost inedible dry chicken and the bland salmon!
If there was a reason to go, gads and unless they improve the brunch menu main courses, it would be for the atmosphere and the desert table. Creme brulee to die for and the service which was impecable! Aside from that, not so much.
I'm out of space but you get the idea.Reservations were made well in advance. We are normally early eaters so a 6:30 dinner time on a Holiday weekend Friday was not an issue. It seemed as though we were finishing our service at the time this place got hopping.
I personally loved that I never heard any of the staffs conversations except when they spoke to us directly and the only voices I heard were that of guests. This made it extremely quite and romantic. Dinner was superb!! The salmon was cooked to absolute perfection and the mac and cheese side was to die for. Dessert was Banana crime brûlée, we couldn't get enough of it!!
Perfect dinner with a beautiful view of the river!The evening started out nice decent table and view. We ordered the pan roasted chicken and Thai steak salad. We also ordered truffle fries as an appetizer. Fries never came so we told the waitress to cancel the fries. The salad was supposed to come with mango and avocado, but both were missing. Our food was served not by our waitress, and what most would do is ask if everything came out well, but she did not do that. We finally asked and got the avocado and mango on the side and it was just thrown in two bowls...terrible presentation. The mango looked like it came from a can. The avocado was slightly brown. And the only time we really got great service was when we asked for the check and paid, then the service was fast. For being a highly rated establishment the service was terrible, and the chef needs to learn the menu recipes. Would not recommend Moshulu. Chic-fil-a is more courteous.I went to HH on the top deck of the boat and had a wonderful time. 
The staff was great and informative on the menu. Everyone seemed really happy from workers to guests. 
We got the red sangria and it was a perfect thing to cheers to the sunset on the water. 
The location is awesome! Not far from Spruce Park!Had a fantastic meal with great service. I think that alone would bring me back. Being on the water was awesome and the picture ops were great. My only complaint would be it feels dated, I know it's old but like the plastic that is used for the upper dining room is very cloudy and dingy looking. The carpet needs updating, things like that.One of the best food experiences to date. Don't judge me, but I'm going to list everything i tried and loved. First, I loved the salad and salad dressing. I must have been fresh and handmade. I had crab cakes with filet mignon on top. I cut my steak with a fork and the crab cake was all crab. I also had the bakes salmon with this spicy horseradish sauce. I could rub that thing on anything. The desserts, they were so adorable and taste like little heavenly clouds. One of my best food experiences ever. 
Oh, the service was excellent as well. Perfect customer service.We made reservations for my sister's birthday dinner on October 10. It was a awful experience the service was horrible we had to wait on drinks 10 minutes if not more, the appetizers took forever. They had a wedding event upstairs so he was a whole bunch of drunk people walking around then I try to go to the bathroom it was just disgusted dirty.. I just wish we would of had better experience especially all that money that we spend you would think we would get a 5 start service.When you first walk into the restaurant it smells moldy. The decor is ok, i think they need some renovation. 
I went there for dinner and i didn't know what to expect. The food was good. I only had one drink so i can't really comment on that. 
Appetizers: I've tried Kobe beef sliders, Steamed P.E.I. Mussels, and Hawaiian Ahi Tuna Tartare are all delicious. The artisan cheese plate is not that good to me. 
Entree: 16oz Prime Ribeye is tasty and the Wasabi crusted chilean sea bass is not that good. I usually love eating sea bass but i had to say i couldn't finish it and it is not a big piece!
And for dessert i had creme brulee it was ok. I had better.Loaded with history, the Moshulu is also loaded with great food, ambiance and service!
Dining on the deck or dining in the restaurant downstairs are totally different experiences, both for the menu choices, atmosphere and service!
Although, I still feel both are pleasant and good. I prefer the deck, for the casual light fare, sunshine and gazing. 
I have been there several times, since they reopened and I was quite pleased each time. 
I have had lunch on the deck and I have dined in the "dungeon". Now that I was not thrilled with, we were stuck way in the back and it was dark and claustrophobic, but the food and the service were impeccable.
 I LOVE their tortilla soup and the lobster bisque is very good. The filet and the pork medallions are awesome. The burger is memorable. 
They put a lot of thought and effort into their side dishes and the way they "dress" and compliment their entrees.
I have not tried the Sunday Brunch, but after reading the menu just now, that is a bargain, for what you get, for the price and it would be a great way to sample their food without dealing out the big bucks! I always left there quite happy and I know I will return in the near future. 
Food is awesome! Service is Grand! I am Happy!Surpassed my expectations.  
My lovely boyfriend decided to take me here for Valentine's Day.  While I was apprehensive about the experience, I was super touched.  
I was worried the Moshulu would be an an over-priced dinner that was just subpar.  I was pleasantly surprised.  The place could definitely use a spruce, and it did feel a little old, but I was impressed with the food.
The menu is overwhelming in that nothing jumps out as a must try.  Luckily we had an excellent waiter (Chris??) who was able to steer us in the right direction.  B had the watercress salad which was actually a potato filled with amazingly succulent braised short-rib.  Very yummy.  I started with a lobster bisque which was creamy and delicious.  
For dinner, we both had steaks and split mac and cheese and the winter veggies.  All excellent.  Dessert was a chocolate dessert, which wasn't anything amazing, but definitely hit the spot. 
Of course, the meal was expensive, but all and all I thought it was a really nice experience.   The servers were great, meal was nicely paced and it was basically everything you could ask for on a Valentine's Date.  
I do, however, think the Moshulu is resting on its laurels and could definitely shake it self upI must admit I was pleasantly surprised.  It was my birthday and I have a bad track record for birthday dining, so I intentionally chose a place where my expectation level was low. Besides, we had a Groupon that was expiring that day anyway.  The ship is as beautiful as always. I requested a booth with a view of the water and mentioned it was my bday in my Open Table booking.  We were happily seated in the exact spot I had hoped for, but about 15 minutes after our reservation.  We headed to the bar for a cocktail while we waited.  The poor bartender was completely in the weeds and her bar back was totally incapable of helping her.  Does Groupon not track outstanding Groupon sales for restaurants?  Twice we have arrived at restaurants on "Groupon expiration day" only to find them woefully understaffed for the onslaught of procrastinating diners.  The food was really good.  The foie gras app was amazing, and I ordered the scallops which were seared perfectly.  He had the ribeye, rare and that was just how it was cooked.  By far, the best thing we ordered was a side of potatoes cooked in duck fat.  I would go there just for those.  They are out of this world! We order a small pasta app that was so dull I can't even remember what it was called.  When we mentioned this to our server he said "if I had had more time with you I would have suggested something else."  Seriously?  How much time would have taken to say....get the ahi Tuna it's so much better?  Either way it was still lovely.  We did not order dessert, but they brought me a small scoop of cherry sorbet with a candle when we asked for the check so that was a really nice touch.  I would definitely go back, but a few other notes.  Parking is $15, a total rip-off.  If you can handle the two block hike, I'd suggest parking near front street.  The wine list is INSANELY expensive.  Grayson Cellars for $60? That is just ridiculous.  The entrees really don't come with anything so you are forced to order side dishes to share which are also pretty pricey.  When the bartender can finally get to you, she makes a mean dirty martini!  I'm definitely keeping this place in the rotation, but I'll need another Groupon/Living social/gift certificate etc, to offset the cost of my wine and side dishes!Meh. Cool ship that part I am totally in agreement with the other reviews. But food and price are at a big disparity. I don't mind paying $23 for a burger if that burger is INSANELY amazing. This burger was more like a $5 burger... Sloppily made, too much sauce that had minimal flavor, cold fries on the side... And the service, disorganized, didn't know the menu... Perhaps they were new?
There were 8 of us with a $420 bill ... I just found this price for subpar food to be a big disappointment. 
That said, I would come back and sit at the bar on the top deck and have a few drinks.this is one of those places u know about, it would be nice to check it out, but you almost kind of need a special occasion to go. well i finally went last night and it's actually quite nice inside. i mean some may describe it as tacky, but it's old-fashioned upscale boat decor...what do you expect? with it's ornate rugs, burgundy and brown tones, heavy oak trimmings, there is nothing modern about this restaurant, and i feel that's part of the charm.
our seat was right next to a window that overlooks the delaware river, towards camden (it's a much nicer view then that sounds). it reminded me of having dinner aboard a cruise....looking out onto blue water, it's actually a very romantic place. we came during dinner but i can envision having brunch there and looking onto the river on a nice sunny day. 
for dinner we had the hawaiian tuna tartare & crispy asian shrimp in aioli sauce. they were both very tasty. the tuna had the perfect kick of wasabi & the crispy shallots added nice texture AND flavor. i am a big fan of aoili sauce and the shrimp did not disappoint. perfectly cooked, and the breading was light but still crispy. it sat on a bed of shredded vegetables that were lightly tossed in a citrus vinaigrette, which brightened up the fried shrimp. for entrees we had the herb crusted rainbow trout & berkshire pork tenderloin. the trout was flavorful and the pork which they cook sous vide (vacuum sealed, low temp) was so tender. i am not a fan of yams...so however it tasted may have been wasted on me. for dessert we got the banana creme brulee and moshulu coupe. the bananas overpowered the creme brulee a bit much. it was like eating banana pudding. the moshulu coupe came out in a fluke, with layers of peanuts, cream, ice cream, cake, pecans- u name it.  was good the 1st few bites, but the there was too much cream concentrated at the top that you can't make it all the way without getting sick of the sugar. maybe of two people shared it...
overall, not bad. i may come back for brunch. maybe.I'm so stoked that this place hasn't changed. The food and service are still top notch. Thanks Chris and Fernando for the excellent service and experience. My wife is stoked and so is our entire crew. Will definitely recommend and be back. You guys rule!Food was good and priced accordingly.  Atmosphere is very unique. The only down side which I experienced was my waitress. Had to ask other staff where she was for drink refills, her attitude was poor and she acted like everything was  cumbersome to her. She never asked once how our meals were and just disappeared.  It's a shame how much her service  affected the outcome of the meal. To me, service is key when spending a couple hundred dollars and makes a huge difference in the overall experience.This restaurant has a great history along with Philadelphia's rich history, so I had high expectations to be honest. The experience itself is what really makes the restaurant worthwhile. Like you're eating on a boat!! It's definitely the type of restaurant to go to if you want to feel fancy!
Yet, I wasn't impressed with the food. It definitely looked upscale, but didn't taste it. We ordered the lamb sliders, veal milanese, swordfish, and creme brulee. I would say the tastiest dish we had was the swordfish. I think it's definitely worth coming to for the beauty of the boat, but not the food.Dosn't it turn into a club at some point?
I was here once last year when they had a party and it was an amazing venue. I wonder how the moshulu club thing works?i cant say anything about the food - but this place has kick ass dance parties!!!! DJdeejay does awesome michael madonna price soundtracks. if u sign up in advance you get in for 7 bucks and you get free beer for an hour! fun times on the boat!Food was absolutely incredible and plated beautifully. The salmon was cooked to perfection. Eaten alone it seemed a little underwhelming, but with the sauce underneath, it was perfection. Atmosphere was romantic and beautiful. Service was really wonderful.My husband and I haven't been here in years so we decided to go brunch. The smoked salmon was delicious! The desserts looked delicious but I was too stuffed to eat them!! Our server Lark, was very attentive and pleasant.  We will definitely come back to dine at night.Great food, drinks ok ordered the sushi tasted fantastic creme Brûlée for desert Carmel alittle burnt but overall great dining experience. Our server Lisa very nice what I liked the most is we had a main server and other servers came over and assisted when needed. The hostess that seated us was a guy ,great personality and well dressed he helped set the tone for the meal. Would definitely come back. They were ALL fantastic Jessy, Jerry and our main server Lisa .One star for the friendly bartender on the deck. One star for the gorgeous ship itself and one star for our one server who seemed nice. Negative a star for paying $23 for a bowl of crab mac and cheese. And minus another star for the blatant rudeness of our other server when we nicely asked for utensils to eat the overpriced mac and cheese with. The fact that they auto-grated the mac and cheese made me laugh even harder. If you dont want to have events like painting groups then just dont. Its better that you not overcharge and give snotty service than do an event half arsed. They lost a customer who was just thinking of coming back for a few dinner date nights with her husband not to mention a longstanding brunch date with some girlfriends.Absolutely livid at the unprofessionalism of this restaurant. My parents came to town for the first time and were very excited to come to the coolest restaurant in Philly (on a clipper ship, seems pretty cool!). I made a reservation through opentable and they called a few days before to confirm the reservation.
Took an uber accross the city because we planned on having a few drinks. My parents don't eat seafood but were excited for ordering steak and the ambiance. Arrived and was shocked to see only the price fixed menu was available.... for $125 a person!!!! On top of that the menu was predominantly seafood.
I asked if would be possible to order not price fixe, but was told no. I was never informed of this on Opentable nor when I received a reminder call. We walked out of the restaurant!
On Valentine's Day weekend it was impossible to get into any other decent restaurant. We ended up eating wings at a bar.
Great impression on my family from out of town. I will certainly not be returning.Horrible brunch!  Save your money- if you are looking for a high end brunch buffet  this is not your place.  Try Waterworks or Lacroix.  Only one seafood dish on the whole spread (strange considering it was on a boat).  Omelet station served runny uncooked eggs.  20% gratuity added for a party of 2.  Repeatedly had to ask for coffee.  There was not one memorable dish- yet we walked away paying $100 for brunch.My boyfriend and I came here back in February. It was so amazing!  The atmosphere was incredible and the service was excellent. My boyfriend cut himself as we were walking out and the staff went searching for a bandage for him. 
I enjoyed tilapia while my boyfriend had the duck. It was so delicious and I wanted to savor every last bite.
For desert we had the red velvet and chocolate cake with pecans on the top! Absolutely incredible!  
We were the last patrons at the restaurant and not once did we feel rushed. It was great. I will definitely dine here again in the future.Second week in a row for brunch I'm very disappointed! They advertise Bottomless Mimosas, Peach Bellini's, Poinsettias, and Bloody Mary's. Because of the lack of planing or ordering the necessary stock you only have two options today, Bloody Mary's and Mimosas. Finally they removed the sandwich I raved about last week! When simple and standard drink and brunch menu items such as a Bellini are not available there is a MAJOR PROBLEM !!Moshulu. This place is all around fantastic. The food is excellent, the service is excellent, the atmosphere, also, excellent.  5 stars. Always.
I've been here a total of 4 times now, with 4 different dates, and every time has been memorable. Yes, I'm one to drop a significant amount of $ on a night out on the town, and no where to eat in Philly more classy, delicious, and to get your money's worth then Moshulu. First of all, you're on a boat, a very nice boat, which is on the Delaware river making for the best atmosphere and view...especially if you spend time on the top deck. My favorite entree is the filet mignon which is the best filet mignon I've ever had. I've also had the flounder and crab cake which is also the best seafood i've had. The service every time (I believe I've had different waiters each time)..was professional, quick, very very friendly, and efficient.  They don't bug you too much, nor do they come too little. Just when you want another drink or more bread, they are there. 
It's expensive, but you do get the best food, atmosphere and fine-dining experience in Philly. Definitely worth a visit to the Moshulu for a great night out with a great date!This is a nice space to have a drink on the water on a warm sunny day.
It looks like an old pirate ship and is in a fun location at spruce street.
They don't have specialty cocktails, but have the basic full bar and you can grab some food to eat as well.Today was my friend's birthday and we made reservations for 7:30. We arrived about 15 minutes early, yet were seated 15 minutes late. We were hoping for a nice view of the river and the waterfront across from us but unluckily were seated next to the shore. It was understanding because tonight was a Saturday night. There was a wedding along with being Mother's day weekend, so we gave them a pass on that. Our server came at first and we ordered our appetizers. Those came on a timely manner and were pretty good. We ordered our main courses and an additional drink. Then it went downhill from there. Our server, Cordell, or whatever his name was, disappeared for some time. We asked another server where he went because the drink was taking so long. It must have been 25 minutes. He finally showed up and apologized because he was taking care of something with the manager. He got my husband the drink on the house for the long wait and brought back some random snack on the house as well to make up for the wait. The wait for our main courses continued. It was an additional 40 minutes wait by the time they came out. It's pretty bad when we start clock watching, and my friend started spinning his straw and steak knife. He wasn't looking very happy. I was about to just walk out and cancel our entrees but the ordered came as i put down my napkins. We ordered steaks and lamb, medium rare. It really shouldn't take that long for those. Everyone else around us was getting their food and some parties that were there after finished and were getting ready to leave by the time we got ours. The food was so so. Our server wasn't particularly attentive and didn't ask us much regarding how we were enjoying things. Dessert, again took around 20 minutes to get which is still unreasonable because that mousse cake and pecan tart are premade. It's not like they have to bake that stuff. We spent nearly $300 dollars and being my friend's birthday, they could have at least sung happy birthday or put a little candle on his dessert. I can say I called ahead and told them it was my friend's birthday and they hostess said that special things would happen. Not even a nice card (as other reviewers had mentioned on yelp) nor a "happy birthday" was written on our dessert plate. I can say the food was ok but the service sucks. We talked about coming back another less busy day at first but by the end of our experience, I can say this will be our first and last time here.Went there for dinner. Very nice for a ship! Ambiance is great, romantic. Be sure to go with someone who is not cheap, can appreciate something totally different from the norm & not afraid to try what's on the menu. The menu try must change occasionally, there are some things listed on the Yelp menu that were not on the menu. They also have specials not listed on the menu. Enjoyed!! Will return.
Be sure to look at the drink menu, had the Ship Wreck & St Jamison Lemonade, uuummm!!!!
Only thing parking is $15 & if you park on the street you have to feed the meter until midnight.Let me start of by saying the place wasn't bad.Went for lunch on a Saturday.
The food: lobster bisque was very good, buttery creamy and with a good amount of lobster bits.  I ordered the Caesar salad and my fiance got some sushi. the salad was unremarkable, 8 leaves of romaine with dressing and some tiny croutons.  The sushi was disappointing. Decent flavor but sloppily rolled.  This is what you get for ordering sushi anywhere but Umi.
The price: minus all three stars here.  Two of us with no drinks was about 60 for lunch.  Considering that they didn't cut my romaine our expertly roll the sushi, it felt pretty steep.  I guess you are paying a big premium to eat on a boat. I think it would have been fair at half the price.
The location: it is A really cool old tall ship, complete with gangplank and slanted decks.  Good views of the Ben Franklin bridge and Camden waterfront.  I have a strong feeling that the location is the only thing keeping this place open.
Overall I would not feel inclined to recommend Moshulu to othersAttention to detail on food here is fantastic. Service is fantastic. Great for lunch or dinner.My friends and I took our mommy-to-be friend here for brunch this morning. I made the reservation through open table without any problem...many were available. We were seated immediately, facing the water (like I asked in the comment section of our reservation). Our server was very nice and attentive. We ate the brunch buffet. There were many breakfast and lunch options at the buffet (from eggs to pasta to salad, etc). In addition to the buffet options, we were able to get cook to order omelets, pancakes, and French toast, which were included in the buffet price ($35 per person). Our server brought over sorbet on a plate with candles that said congratulations for our mommy-to-be, which was very nice and unexpected (I mentioned in the reservation that we were celebrating our friend but didn't say anything to the restaurant when we got there). We really enjoyed brunch and our mommy-to-be was very full/happy when she left.This place is historic, however it smells like a thrift shop. The only restroom is up a big flight of stairs, which has an elevator upon request( we are not in need so did not request). It is pretty expensive for the amount of food. However the quality is good. I order a salmon entree and it came out raw on the inside. Apparently that is how they cook it unless you specifically say you want a "cooked" salmon. That was new to me. Our waitress was really great, and even the manager was really great. However our over all experience was only a 3, due to the smell, the choices for Gluten few options and the under cooked and not acknowledged salmon. I ended up having  to wait with no food with My only other person in my party ate their food. Once my food came back the salmon was still only partially cooked but baked potato was burnt and dry. It was a decent experience but we will not be returning due to the price compared to experience.We went to Moshulu for New Year's Eve and though the view and atmosphere were wonderful, the food left a lot to be desired. The baked oysters were piled so high with sausage that the taste of the oysters were lost. The lobster bisque was decent enough, if tepid in temperature. The center cut filet was cooked perfectly, but had absolutely no flavor - there was a horrible lack of seasoning.
Considering the price point we would have expected far superior flavors and execution.
One point that was very much in their favor was our server (Adria?) She was excellent.I'll always have a special place in my heart for this restaurant as I got engaged here. However I came back today for my sister in laws birthday brunch. Bottomless mimosas, definitely a plus. The crab Mac and cheese is a MUST!! I I wish they had shrimp and grits as an option. 
Nice and different atmosphere.I rated it 2 stars for its brunch buffet. I've been there before for dinner and loved it. I decided to go this time for my wedding anniversary and found out the hard way that it was way less than impressive for brunch at 2:30pm. The options and variety were very poor for the price. It was mostly fruit, vegetables and pastries. I was able overhear other customers saying the same thing. 
My recommendation is to wait after 5:00pm and get dinner. Otherwise, you are better getting brunch at the local dinner... This is not even a joke... At the local dinner you would have paid for the whole family with what I paid at the Moshulu for one person.We stopped here for drinks and loved it. The place is so beautiful! The bar service was great. Our bartender was Mike and he was awesome. Really made you feel welcomed.Food was great...but place was very crowded and I was bit annoyed with unflat floor....This is one of those places where you end up paying for the ambiance more than the food. 
Shrimp cocktail was pretty good... Nice juicy shrimp. 
Crab cocktail was ok,  nothing special. 
The burger is not worth it,  don't let the kobe beef entice you,  there are better burgers to be eaten elsewhere at a third the price. 
The lobster was lobster,  but at a fancy place you would have thought that it would have been better prepared - probably messier than it should have been. 
The side of beets were delicious though with some cheese and grapefruit which went with the beets well. 
Also the asparagus was pretty dope,  but it's asparagus,  when is it not really.Came here on a Sunday brunch with 12 people. Obviously with a lot of people reservations were made ahead of time (definitely recommended). They sat us at the biggest table they claimed to have which was right in front of the piano. It was quite hard for us to hear each other and we requested to be moved somewhere else but then they said we would have had to be separated on different tables so we just dealt with it. After quite some time we kind of zoned it out.
1. First course was the smoked salmon. It was very good but I tried other people's tuna tartar and it was so good. Definitely recommended.
2. Main course I got the fried chicken and waffles. The chicken was fried perfectly but the grits on top of the waffles made it super soggy. I wish they provided syrup as well.
The dessert buffet was amazing! The cremee brulet and this chocolate mousse thing was amazing.
I would definitely recommend this place for brunch and will be coming back soon.  I had the swordfish and I must say I am a big fan. It was absolutely amazing!  Monday night is less crowded. I recommend during the week dinners anywhere.  Waiter was wonderful. Decor suits the place. 
Will go back.This is one of my favorite seafood restaurants so far! Looks very cool on a big ship so you can enjoy the pretty view from the deck while eating. Foods are good as well.Absolutely one of the best .. had an excellent time .. the lamb sliders are awesome. .. the truffle fries..need I say more .. the hand mixed cocktails are a bit pricey but make up for it in buzz. They had a dj spinning the onez and twos on the top deck bar he was a beast.. I'm impressed this is a very god date spotOne of the best experiences I've had in a restaurant in Philadelphia. Was there Friday evening for dinner. We were greeted as soon as we walked in and were set Starboard (overlooking the water) in no time. Our server Bob was phenomenal! I've never met anyone more knowledgeable about food, wine and the pairing of the two. The food was fantastic, specially the duck breast that was cooked to perfection, and the lobster bisque that I could not stop eating until it was all gone.
Highly recommended!Beautiful ship and what they've done inside with it - quite classy and I imagine it would be even more so after dark.  The food was good, and yes, a bit pricey - my husband and I each had 1 drink, split an app and both did dessert for a $150 tab.  The first thing to hit my mouth was the gin and tonic and it was really off.  Not sure how you can mess with a G&T but the tonic was bad, weak on the gin and the little sliver of lime wasn't the freshest.  Had to send it back even though I was really in the mood for a good G&T.  One of those places you definitely want to try if you like fine dining and unique atmosphere.  I think that would draw me back over the food.We came here for a work Christmas party, and had a great time! You can tell the boat is a bit dated and has that old 80's type decor, but that adds to it's charm. It does feel like you are a bit on a smaller version of the Titanic, which is also kind of cool. At the buffet I had the sweet potatoes, brussel sprouts, salmon and ravioli, all were really good. I also loved their mini dessert display, with the red velvet and pumpkin ones being my favorite. Upstairs they had karaoke, which was really fun. There are several areas on the boat, so if you are here with a work event everyone will be split up over multiple tables and rooms. This is a cool venue to try something different and have fun for a work function!My finance and I got engaged over Christmas and we already had a $50 Groupon for Moshulu so we decided to celebrate our engagement with a nice dinner out.  Plus I wanted him to check it out as a potential wedding venue.  I had been a few times for lunch and an event but he had never been.
We had a reservation during the week between Christmas and New Years.  It wasn't very crowded but we still had to wait for 15 minutes for our table plus other people who arrived after us were seated before us.  That didn't bother me to much, as I wanted to walk around a bit so he could see the space.  I suggested we get a glass of wine while were were waiting, since we were celebrating anyway.  The bar service seemed slow and he admitted to me afterward that he was annoyed we had to wait for a reservation. Apparently had I not suggested a cocktail he would not have bought one out of principle since he felt they purposely make us wait so that we would buy drinks.  As far as I can tell that was the only real negative of the evening.
Food:  Expecting it to be expensive, we were happy to have the Groupon. Even with the $50 certificate it was still about $150 pre-tip for  apps, dinner, dessert, another glass of wine each and a glass of port each.  I ordered the Moo Shu Chicken app which was delicious but more of a bbq bun than Moo Shu. He got the foie gras PBJ which he said was probably the best foie gras he'd ever had.  For dinner I ordered the Diver Scallops with autumn roasted veggies.  It was very good, all the flavors melded together very well.  The veggies were more crunchy for roasted than I expected. I don't mind crunchy veggies but some people might think of them as undercooked.   He ordered the Ribeye, medium rare, with a side of the duck fat potatoes.  Personally, I like my steaks more well done unless I'm sure it will be a good cut and served properly.  I tried a piece and it was melt in your mouth delicious. My finance had no complaints saying it was cooked perfectly for him and the best steak he'd had in a long time.  He said the potatoes were good but not quite what he expected, fairly large chunks of potato with skins and a far amount of aioli on them.  For desert we each ordered a glass of port, I had the Coconut Custard Tart which was good but not outstanding.  I wanted more of the blood orange caramel and the coconut flavor was a little weak.  On the other hand my finance had the S'more which was by far better and the smoked salt vanilla ice cream was divine!  It's worth ordering just for the ice cream.
Service:  Our server was very friendly and we had excellent service from her, which made the evening even nicer.  However the bar still seemed slow to fill our drink orders even over dinner.
Venue:  Despite the food and service, we decided against it as a potential venue for our wedding.  We felt it the space was too chopped up and would separate people too much.  It's a unique venue for the right event, just not for us.   Even though we'd already decided to have our reception elsewhere a neighbor shared with me her son's 2010 wedding experience at the Moshulu, advising us not to consider it.  Unfortunately they were very disappointed with their experience and the service prior to and on the day of the event.
Although we won't have our wedding there we still decided it we'd happily return the Moshulu to celebrate our future wedding anniversaries.My boyfriend and I went for dinner on a Wednesday night because I bought a groupon. 
Pros: the food was delicious, the service was fast and helpful, and the decor and festive atmosphere were very nice.
Cons: the price! I don't think we would've gone without the group on because even with it our meal was more than usual.
What we ordered:
Lobster bisque-excellent flavor with large chunks of lobster
Butternut squash soup- tasty but I've had better 
Swordfish- we both loved the fish and it had delicious seasonings but I found the polenta to be slightly dry and flavorless
Crab cake: generous size and great ratio of crabI came here for a business reception event. So open bar and all was great, and the appetizers before the main course were delicious!
We went below deck for a formal dinner and I ordered the salmon. When I took a bite, it was bland. In fact, I wasn't the only one that thought their meal was bland. We asked them for some salt and pepper because it felt like they didn't even season the salmon at all.
The only bright side was that I wasn't paying for the meal. Heck, the hors-d'oeuvres was better than the main meal.MUST GO FOR THE FOOD!  While I understand the attraction to this place is the ship and water, which was cool....the food is absolutely delicious. They have a cheese tray to die for! Aged cheddar w/ honey pecans and strawberry preserves, Brie goat cheese w/ figs and honey, aged blue cheese w/ pears and balsamic! Wow!  The seafood salad was absolutely the best I have ever had with shrimp, scallops and crab meat on lettuce, tomato, avocado and cheese all dressed to perfection.What a FAILBOAT (literally) and tourist trap.  The boat is so old inside, but not in a charming, historical way, but rather a musty, bad 80's carpet way.  The floor is literally tilted so that you are sitting, leaning over.
Food...terrible.  I had scallops that were okay, but have had much better for way cheaper at other places.  Our bread was stale.  My bf's steak looked more like shredded brisket, it was so weird. Blehhhhh, don't bother!  There are so many better, more cutting edge restaurants in Philadelphia.Ive been here a few times and had a private party here. The food was good, and great ambiance. Will definitely be back.The Moshulu has so much potential.... a great location and it's own parking lot ($15).  I love the bar area though it could be improved by removing the large tables that don't seem to even be in use and putting in small intimate tables and couches.  
Good drink menu and friendly bartenders... though the bar seemed to close very early on a Friday night (10:00 p.m.) 
Food:  The gnocci was also good and I am very picky.  The sushi - eh and a bit pricey.
Overall, a great experience.Long Island Ice Tea - Strong, will give it a good.
Scottish Fall - Super Awesome
Captains Cocktail - Sweet, but good.
Chicken & Smoked Cheddar Sausage - Good
Rock Shrimp - Good 
Amuse - Super (complimentary)
Tandoori Crusted Mahi Mahi - Simply Amazing!!
Crispy Skin Atlantic Salmon - Good
Jumbo Black Tiger Shrimp - Very good
Chocolate Caramel Pudding - Heavely.
We were celebrating a friend's birthday. John was our server was very helpful and cheerful. A few others had served as well everyone were generally nice, I will give their service full 5 stars. The ambiance is pleasant, the décor beautiful very Titanic like and the view from the seating area is just ecstatic. While making the reservation I was asked what the occasion was, so we got complimentary Champaign, Amuse (starters DELISHHHHHHHH) and a surprise after our meal was "Happy Birthday" written with chocolate on a rectangular plate, a little candle on top, pieces of chocolate on the sides and a little chocolate Martini glass. We were thrilled by the end of our dinner.
Oh! Do not miss their butter served with the bread, its simply simply delishhhhh!!!I wish we could give half star ratings.  Truly this is a 3.5 star review.
You can't beat the atmosphere and ambience on Moshulu.  Amazing views.  The decor is a little dark and heavy for today, but it was nice.  The staff I spoke with on the phone was very personable and friendly.  That's it for the good part.
We arrived for our reservation and no one was at the hostess station.  2 other couples came in behind us.  We waited about 3 minutes before we were greeted, and another minute for our greeter to pass off our seating to someone else.
Our waiter was prompt and we got water right away.  The man at the table behind us asked for bread and was told bread comes out after you've ordered your main course.  Ok...
Lobster bisque was ok but not spectacular.  We ordered cocktails, they were both fairly sweet and heavy.  We ended up putting them on the windowsill because our table slanted and we were afraid they would spill - very tall and thin glasses.  The bread was warm and the butter delicious.  We had the scallops and swordfish, as the 'land' portion of the menu looked kind of uninspired and was more expensive.
Both of our dishes were fairly salty.  The swordfish was not finished.  Water refills were regular, but we didn't see our waiter again for awhile.  We ordered dessert - and waited a long time for them to appear, to the point that we were wondering.  We also found ourselves wishing we had the waiter from the next table, as he seemed way nicer than our guy.
Earlier in the meal, I noticed a tiny ant on my napkin in my lap.  My date saw one on my dessert plate, and a third on our table.  We corralled the one on the dessert plate to show our waiter.  They took off my dessert, but I didn't get a sense that management would be alerted to the ant problem.
Lastly, I got a $26 parking ticket on Columbus Blvd., even though Moshulu ' s website says free metered parking on Wednesday after 5pm.  Not their fault, I will be checking with PPA to see what's up - but as a warning to others who may think they can park free on Columbus on Wednesdays.  
I think this could be a spectacular spot in Philly, but not sure it was a $150 experience.  For better food I recommend Devon in Rittenhouse Square.My wife and I visited the Moshulu for Father's Day Brunch (buffet style, $49 pp, a $10 surcharge vs their regular brunch price).  We had reservations, and arrived 15 minutes early.  A hostess seated us promptly, at a table next to a window with a view of the harbor.  We were surprised that the place was not packed on a beautiful Sunday afternoon.  We waited more than 5 minutes for our waiter to stop by.  I placed my order for the unlimited Mimosa, and water, while my wife opted solely for water.
Our first trip to the buffet was enchanting.  The display was wonderful, and spread out over several different stations.  We were slightly confused as to the configuration of some of the tables, as the Belgian waffles were tucked away on a table with Yukon potatoes ... and not with the breakfast items / omelet station.  Considering that their menu groups certain food groups together, most would figure the soup / salad and appetizers would be grouped together as a serving station (which they were).  I do not believe most people would think to look for waffles to be located near potatoes.  This is not a problem per se, but it would have been nice if the server would have given us a tour of the stations - as is the case with other upscale brunch buffets.
When we returned to our table, I still did not have my Mimosa.  We would eventually realize that our server (Cordeau) was polite and friendly, but for some reason, did not want to make his presence known at our table.  Perhaps this has to do with the undisclosed 20% service charge.  We were not sure if this was a gratuity, or something like a resort fee.  If this server knew his gratuity was set in advance prior to anyone being seated, what is his motivation to be "excellent," or "lackluster?"  Given that this was a buffet style meal, this server had virtually no responsibility other than to replenish my Mimosa and our water glasses, check on our meals, and be present in case we needed another utensil or napkin.  He failed miserably.  This leaves us wondering whether the Moshulu would impose a 40% service charge on a meal ordered from a menu (plated and served by the server).  We also wondered if the service would suffer ever more, if this specific server had to take our order, and physically bring our our order to us.
When we tried to inquire as to the service charge, we ultimately were left to debate the matter with ourselves, as the server was AWOL.
Our Ratings:
Ambiance and atmosphere:  10
Food quality:  8
Service:  3Went for an after show dinner.
Our waiter was very personable and attentive. My wife had crab cakes, which she really liked, and it was a large crab cake.  I had a perfectly cooked filet, very tender very good.
Would I reccomend, yes!Went to Moshulu with my wife and two other couples on a visit to Philadelphia. We all had different items and all agreed that this was one of the best meals any of us had had anywhere in ages. To be clear, we 6 have dined together around the world and around the US so while we're not gourmets, we do know a great meal and excellent service when we see it. The lobster bisque was outstanding as were the mussels. I had off-the-bone spareribs that were tender, juicy and very flavorful surround by a yummy vegetable puree. The wine list was as complete as I needed though I'm not an oenophile. The service was impeccable - polite, prompt, efficient, unobtrusive. Being on a sailing barque was neat too which permitted a stroll on the deck for a breath of fresh air after dinner. Highly recommended to our Philly friends. Overall, an excellent conclusion to our visit.A few Mondays ago we went into Moshulu for dinner at 7:30 and were told they closed the kitchen early and were not seating anymore. The hostess was nice enough to call Bistro Romano to verify they were still serving, which was pretty cool on her part. The reason for the low star rating is because the parking lot right outside the Moshulu charges $17 to park! Thankfully we turned around and found metered parking on the street (not converted to meterup app accessible) because the restaurant does not communicate with the parking lot (separately owned business) so we would have paid $17 to only be told the restaurant was closed! That's ridiculous. 
We plan to return for Sunday brunch on the Moshulu, we'll see if they will have that when we try to go! 
We really enjoyed the upstairs outside bar the last time we were there so it bothers me to lower the rating so much but it's ridiculous that customers would still pay to park only to not be served.My boyfriend and I are big fans of Moshulu. We've been coming here ever since he asked me to be his girlfriend. All of the visits we had were great but our most recent visit was just a little more special than the rest. It was for my birthday celebration. Our waiter Jon was serving us for the second time and treated us like kings and queens. My boyfriend came back for his second round of Pan Seared Rohan Duck Breast. It's his favorite entree. I ordered the Seared Sea Scallop and Crispy Pork Belly. Only complaint I have for the dish was that one of the scallop piece was a little salty for my taste. Other than that, it was amazing. We top our dinner with two mojitos and a roll of sushi for appetizer. 
However, the cherry to our icing wasn't just the food but mainly the services we received. Jon was kind enough to give us multiple complementaries such as two champagnes, two pork salad chips, and two rib dumplings samples. If that wasn't enough, Jon brings out what appears to be a crispy apple croissant with a scoop of vanilla ice cream and caramel dressing on the top. The dessert plate had "Happy Birthday" written on the plate and a candle on the side. My birthday weekend ended perfectly! In all my life, I have personally never received such an amazing hospitality until that day. We definitely look forward to coming back again and see our favorite waiter.My girlfriends and I came here on Valentine's Day last year and clearly did not do our research ahead of time.
This place is so unique!  It's classy and expensive but the ambiance is truly amazing. It has this old, classic, rich feel to it. We had a reservation and came in right on time. The hostess was semi-friendly and our waiter was okay. I would expect a way more polished staff on a boat like this. There was a prix fixe menu for the holiday (obviously) and we were okay with that until we saw the price, $195 plus 20% gratuity. We were already out of town for the holiday and weren't planning to go quite that steep on V-day dinner. We ended up ordering glasses of wine. Needless to say, we had our wine then bailed (sorry, not sorry). It's a beautiful ship and it had a super romantic feel inside but I'll leave those prices for the couples! If you want to impress someone with ambiance and a pretty unique setting, this will do it. The service not so much, the food I can't comment on- didn't have it- but it's a lovely boat. I would love to go back under normal menu price circumstances.Unfortunately, I didn't get to eat here, because the dress is very formal, and the bar was closed. Looked like a great place, and I wish I had packed a fancier outfit. This place is definitely more upscale than I planned.As a Philadelphia resident, a root canal seems more interesting than an evening on this beast. The prices are WAY out of proportion to the quality of the food and service. They are milking this 'on a boat' thing big time! The thrill of sitting on a disorienting vessel fades quickly, and your left with a a mediocre menu and an extraordinary bill.
If your looking to impress, or are a tourist you might get a kick out of it. But man, for 1/5 the cost you can get much better food at many BYO's.View was great, such a nice breeze on deck and food tasted wonderful. Portions, however, were sad. We were so excited to try the restaurant and figured we would come for restaurant week but the portion sizes were so variable and some so pathetic. One of our guests got the tuna tartar app and it was probably one bite of food. My boyfriend who has a large appetite got the rainbow trout which he probably could have finished in three bites, it was embarrassing! We had to go get him something to eat after our expensive meal out.