Just had a truly unforgettable meal at this South Philly gem. The atmosphere was cozy, the service was friendly and charming, and the food was delicious and astonishingly affordable. The whole place is clearly a labor of love, and I would recommend it uncategorically to anyone looking for a romantic spot off the beaten path to bring their honey.As you can see from Aaron's recent review we did not have a pleasant experience with Mr. Martino.  My soup was so salty it tasted as if they used water from the Atlantic instead of chicken stock.  Aaron's broccoli rabe was so overcooked that it could have been easily mashed with a fork.  His entree was the only edible dish as my "spinach lasagna" was an overcooked noodles sandwiching a bland ricotta filling topped with an equally uninspired sauce.  I watched as the server delivered food to another table by reaching over diners instead of making the effort to move to each person's position around the table.  She also brought us a pitcher of water but did not do the first refill.  I was flabbergasted that the owner was unapologetic about our displeasure with the food.  Being in the hospitality industry myself and having attended the Restaurant School I take every criticism into account as an opportunity to improve my services to clients.  I would never think of telling a client that their perception of my services is incorrect and would make a sincere effort to correct the situation.  If I want to gamble on an experience in the future I'd rather take my money to Atlantic City.A hidden gem!! Not huge portions or many options but delicious!!!Mr Martinos. You used to be good and give a crap about your customers. No more. Dinner took 90 mins. Dinner kindof sucked. I talked to you directly and you told me "whatever". 
Guess what. I'm not coming back. And I'm telling my social network to leave you. 
Yes. You could have said it was busy or said someone was out but in general your restaurant was hot slow on service and unapologetic. 
Those things all add up to bad service. You can run for awhile on reputation but not forever. 
Good luck.Quite Friendly service. Small, dark, food's slow to arrive in front of you... But great for a date with your spouse... Or your mistress. Very small menu, hope u like pasta.This is my wife's favorite Italian restaurant in our neighborhood (S. Philly, surrounded by Italian restaurants). They are open Thur-Sun. Reservations are recommended. BYOB. CASH ONLY. 
The food is great. The atmosphere is old world. The owners work the place -- he works the front, she works the kitchen. The specials haven't changed in 8 years, but that doesn't matter. Oh, you must try the white bean soup.Have gone to Mr. Martino's  a few times now. Very homey dark interior, you feel like you have completely left Philly.  Food was amazing, the last time we got the specials, a seafood risotto and ravioli with butternut  squash sauce. Couldn't ask for any better. There is always a wait for the food, I'm guessing because they cook a lot of it to order, so I certainly would not go there if I was in any kind of a rush.A hidden gem in plain view on Passyunk. Simply prepared food with wonderfully fresh ingredients, and an antique-shop feel.The one reason to write a review is about taste atmosphere and service, you get it all here.  I will be short and sweet the dish I order every time I come here is the chicken leg  in aged balsamic, it is one of the best chicken dishes in the city., I cannot even get myself to order anything else it is so good its a signature dish and the roasted potatoes that come with it are tender and flavorful.  Don't miss out on this one it is amazing.  Plus love the BYODelicious home-cooked meals and unique ambiance. You really feel like you're eating in someone's home, and Mr. Martino himself may pay your table a visit.My favorite new Italian in south philly,  amazing food in a very cozy and friendly Place! BYOB!!'We came into town to visit our adult son and being the night before Mothers Day couldn't find a place that could take us before 9pm. My son had heard of Mr Martinos and we were lucky to get a 6:00 reservation.  We immediately loved the ambiance in this place.  The service IS slow, as many have noted, but if you can chill out, enjoy whomever your dining with and relax, the food is worth the wait. I enjoyed the risotto, my son had the veal tortellini and my husband  had the delicious octopus on spaghetti.  We don't usually have desert but I had a feeling they would be homemade.  I was not disappointed.  The dark chocolate pudding is great for the chocolate lovers in the crowd.  I can't rave enough about the lemon tart..amazing crust, delicious filling. 
A great find in South Philly!This was a very good restaurant. I loved how the owner interacts with the customers and how its a family owned restaurant . Everything was delicious I got the spinach ravioli it was a good portion size. The grilled sausage was divine. Lastly we got the tiramisu was delicious. But I have to add the wait was a little long but it is def worth it.There must be something about graduate school that makes food taste better and places look WOW when they are just maybe simply clean or OK. Does that make any sense to anyone? 
Maybe is the fact that during those years any activity that takes you away from a lecture, a lab, or reading a journal will cause great excitement. In my case any night that was not a RAMEN noodle night was special. Oh! the memories. . . I am getting a little lost here. Where was I? 
Oh.. yeah, Mr. Martino's! The place was crowded. I looked around and notice that the decoration has not changed in over ten years. You can still smell the odor left from the time in which this location served as a hardware store. 
We were greeted by a friendly staff full of smiles. The giddy waitress informed us of the specials, brought us bread immediately and was back at the table to take our order. 
My mushroom appetizer tasted no different that canned mushrooms from Del Monte that you can buy at a your local grocer or any supermarket. For dinner I ordered my favorite Italian dish "Pasta Fasciole", and received one of the most tasteless meals ever. For this dish go to the pasta and bean isles respectively at your local grocer and you are ready to compete with their version of this meal. 
As for the desserts, the lemon tart is excellent, the rest should be avoided. 
If Mr. Martino's has survived for this long it can only mean that maybe deep down simply ANYONE can open their own little piece of food from somewhere in the City of Brotherly Love and avoid bankruptcy.Ugh! Our reservation was at 8pm and our appetizers showed up at 9pm. The broccoli rabe was overcooked. We are still waiting for our entrees and it's not even full. What a disappointment! Ps: don't come here in the summer. They don't have air conditioning.Mr Martino's is so charming! The service and the ambiance were fantastic--the owner himself was eating dinner when we came in and he made a point to come chat with us.  The pasta was delicious and affordable.  Highly recommend!i seem to go to this place on special occasions.  my birthday, my friend's birthday, new year's eve, friday.  i love pretty much everything about it.  you can tell the food is made with care and love.  even if you can't tell from the taste, you can feel it from Mark's (the owner) gentle shoulder touches.  he wants you to be there...he wants you to feel at home.  the first time i went there, my friend and i didn't know it was a BYOB (we don't have many of those in Oh-hi-o).  so we went without wine...that is until Mark brought us half a bottle that someone left on their table.  What service!  i mean, having no shame, i wouldn't hesitate to take leftover wine off of someone else's table  ... but when you do it FOR me....man, i'll love you forever.  and i do.
and for those who want a more practical information....one of the other best things about this place is that its portions are JUST RIGHT, baby bear.Great place in South philly.  Old hardware store converted into this quaint Italainrestaurant. Mr Martino as host and his wife Maria in the kitchen.  Excellent food, prices and great service.  BYOB a plus! Cash only.Romantic setting for dinner and great food, too!  I went there with my wife and when we stepped into the restaurant, we felt like we were in Europe (at least, not in Philly).  Service was great - I think the owner/server is the husband of the chef who was the only person working in the back(?).  The food was great, the ambiance was great, price was great, and the service was great!  I didn't give it 5 stars because I wasn't blown out of the water, but we're definitely planning to go again!Look you either get this place or your don't. If you do get it it's because you appreciate the need to be transported back to a simpler time. This happens to be one of my favorite restaurants period. Mr Martino's is a two person show and you are a guest in their house. She makes all the food from scratch, alone, and he makes sure the guest feel at home. The broccoli rabe is just how my mother made it before anyone knew what broccoli rabe was. It was never crisp-tender it was always braised,almost stewed into a meltingly  bitter mass. Some of my cravings are pasta fagiole with rabe, pasta zucchini and any of the raviolis however you can't go wrong with anything in the menu. Desserts are simple and homemade and delicious. So grab a loved one and a few bottles of wine, unplug and slow downAmazing food and service. We recently had a family dinner for 5 people. Everyone loved this cozy spot. The spinach ravioli with a light pumpkin gravy was perfect. Our server was attentive and well versed. The owner made sure everything was perfect, 
Save room for dessert. They are all homemade. The rice pudding cake is a northern Italian treat. Perfect.Went here years ago and never wrote a review. Suddenly visiting Philly again and see it on the top 50 list. So glad to see this gem get the recognition it deserves. The cook when I went was the owners wife and the server the owner (or co-owners?) Either way great food and experienceI really wanted to love this place.  It was a cute restaurant (a bit of a haunted mansion vibe if that makes sense), and I had read about the slow pace which was an added plus.  The staff was very friendly and accomodating.  It was definitely WARM--just a warning for people going in the summer time.  They are running off of a window unit.  This isn't a dealbreaker but just be prepared.
I didn't find the food to be anything to rave about.  We ate the baked ricotta with Italian sausage and olive appetizer, and it was just ok.  We also had a wine-sauteed mushroom and polenta appetizer, and I found the mushrooms to be flavorful but the polenta was very bland.  For an entree, I had the veal tortellini with gorgonzola.  It was very undercooked and doughy.  For dessert we had the lemon tart and that was hands down the best part of the meal--so good!
Overall, I'm pretty bummed.  Maybe it was an off-night, but there really isn't anything making me want to go back here.This place is definitely a gem.  I don't know why it's not more crowded, but I think its quiet and underpopulated atmosphere is one of the things that makes it so delightful.  
I can see why some people might take issue with a limited menu and humble wine glasses, but selection and extravagance are not what this place is all about. 
Don't forget to get some broccoli rabe and save room for dessert.Very quaint place. My husband and I were looking for a byob last night and decided to try this spot again. I've been here before about 2 years ago and it's pretty much the same vibe: rustic and cozy. The husband runs front of the house and wife cooks in the back. The service was a bit slow (took about 30 minutes to get waters) but the food came in at an expected time for a byob. The olive oil with sundries tomato was delicious. The sauce on the red pepper spinach ravioli was awesome. Octopus on the dinner special was chewy and it was a bit on the bland side but the sear on it evened it out. Very cozy spot where I felt less guilty drinking a 1.5 bottle of wine while waiting for home cooked Italian food. Worth a try!After walking past perhaps the most discreet dining establishment on East Passyunk too many times to count, my boyfriend and I finally went to Mr. Martino's Trattoria, and though we really wanted to love it, I don't think we would go back. The food was good, the service was wonderful (a few times from Mr. Martino himself), and the ambiance made us feel like we were back in Rome, but we ultimately left wanting more.
We decided to order the roasted red peppers as an appetizer, which went very well with the bread and the dipping sauce. Not too much more to say, they were good, as roasted red peppers should be. For an entree, I decided to order the veal tortelloni with tomato gorganzola sauce, and my boyfriend decided to order a special, which was the spinach ravioli in a red pepper sauce. The entrees took a while to come out, but we were in no rush, and it gave us time to admire the authentically eclectic interior. When the entrees came out, we were both a bit underwhelmed. My veal tortelloni was good, and the sauce was nice and light for a rose sauce, but there wasn't anything notable about it. Also, as someone who does not have a ravenous appetite, I thought the portions were on the small side for a pasta entree. My boyfriend's spinach ravioli in the red pepper sauce were more interesting than my tortelloni, the red pepper flavor was not too overwhelming and the ravioli were not overly stuffed with cheese, but he was underwhelmed too.
We really, really wanted to like this place, but the relative lack of variety on the menu (and the lack of an impression the dishes we had made on us) will likely keep us from coming back. That being said, we were very glad that we tried it, and would absolutely not discourage anyone from going if they wanted a meal at a very unique East Passyunk BYOB.The atmosphere is so romantic in Mr. Martino's and the host is so friendly. Perfect date spot. Oh and food in WONDERFUL! Squid and Spaghetti is my favorite!Was in Philly recently and was recommended here by GF's family. We arrived quite late and eventually ended up being the last table there. Nevertheless, Anne and Mary-Knight were totally cool with us and the food was quite tasty. The place is BYOW which is always nice. I had the Veal Tortellini, White Bean Soup, and Tiramisu. I feel the plates could have used just a touch more in flavor but the tiramisu was delicious and the olive oil with sundried tomatoes at the beginning got the palette firing just right. A nice little experience in the city.I have been to this restaurant several times and it is always wonderful. I love the quaint atmosphere.  It is always a great surprise when you take people there for the first time and they step inside. The waitstaff and owners are truly wonderful. You are made to feel at home and never rushed!Keep in mind this review is biased because I drank too much prior to my meal and did not therefore get to enjoy the food and experience quite as much.  Nonetheless, from what I did experience, this place is a gem. It is in a busy location of South Philly, yet discretely located on the block.  The owner is the man.  He is friendly and appreciative of the business.  We were a large group of 7 people, and only waited a few minutes for the staff to rearrange the tables and seat us.  The service was quick and the food was delicious (though I remembered little of it the next day).  Not even considering the quality of the food, the inside of the restaurant is unique and well decorated.  There is even a mysterous staircase in the back of the room that adds to the overall appeal of the floor arrangement.  I'm a fan.What an enjoyable meal. We had the baked ricotta appetizer with olives and it was delicious. Our entrees included tortellini with red sauce, risotto with scallops and spinach lasagne. All of them were delicious and so is the bread along with the service was fantastic. This is a quiet little spot that I love.So I went to Mr. Martino's after a suggestion from a friend who typically has epic taste in restaurants.  As an Italian American maybe I have high standards when it comes to italian restaurants.  But this place was really a piece of work...
We called for a 6 PM reservation (my cousin was visiting with her 3 year old) and the girl on the found sounded frazzled by this.  This to her, was her busiest time of night (6PM on a Saturday) and she didn't think she could squeeze us till after 9.  She took my number in case someone cancelled.  5 minutes later the phone rang and magically a table arrived.  I figured this place was gonna be slammed from the sounds of it.
We show up to this joint and the place smells like moth balls in my grandmas attic.  Is this the quaint quirk they were talking about?  Nevermind the smell, but the fact that there was one table of two people there.  My reservation for 4 was clearly going to throw this place into bedlam.  
The waitress I'm convinced was dropped of by the short bus as everything seemed to take 2 minutes for her to process.  She really irked me.
The menu was pretty limited.  A few different pastas with the same sauces.   Nevermind that the waitress had no clue if it was going to be penne or rigatoni or linguini.  She was certainly special.
The Baked ricotta appetizer with asparagus was for the birds.  2 aspargus spears and the ricotta was bitter and soaked in oil.  Gross!
I had the spinach lasagna which was just ok, not terrible.  My aunt had the cavatelli with zucchini and basil.  It was more like zucchini surprise.  
The sad thing is we all left this place with stomach aches. UGH!
This place was a huge disappointment and for 80 bucks for 3 people who left with pains I was seriously bummed.  You can keep this place, I am NEVER GOING BACK!!  what a joke...Amazing food in a comfortable quiet setting is what makes Mr. Martino's Trattoria well worth it.  For years I've walked past its closed doors waiting for the perfect moment to eat at the place with the chair on its sign.  For years I've dreamed about what could be clouded inside the dark room behind the curtain.  This year I finally built up the courage to go in.  Located at 1646 E Passyunk Ave this cozy little BYOB only opens for a Friday-Sunday dinner rush.  Remember that this place is BYOB and CASH ONLY. 
Owned and operated for over a decade by the husband and wife team of Marc and Maria Farnese for over a decade, you feel at home upon arrival.  While Marc is being an excellent host and taking care of the front room, Maria works alone in the kitchen to serve you authentic, delicious, yet simple Italian meals.  If you are looking to spend a couple hours eating good food with good company then Martino's is a must.  Not the best place for starting a rowdy night on the town, but a great place to enjoy your night out. 
The dark windows make it look closed from the outside, but the life that you find within is something to be admired.  The atmosphere is peaceful and there are no distractions to keep you from talking with company, unless you consider the random array of unique pictures, paintings, and assortment of knickknacks sprawled across the walls and shelves of this renovated hardware store to be as interesting as I found them.  If the décor and service alone don't get you, the exceptional food will make for a return visit.
This small Italian restaurant fills up quickly and it is well advised to make reservations prior to arriving.  You may find seating shortly after 5pm, but come 7pm the tables are full.  With only one cook in the kitchen it can take some time for dinner to be prepared but with good conversation you can lose track of time.  The pace is slow enough to be able to enjoy yourself and your date long enough to have a pleasant conversation and a good start on that first bottle of wine. 
Even with the tiny menu, it takes time to make a final decision on what to order.  Keep in mind that the portions are not going to be massive and that even with ordering an appetizer you will have room for dessert, which you will be very thankful for.This is like going to mom and pops. Nice. Byob and cash only. Lasagna. Tortellini AwsomeThis is the place to take someone from out of town or to escape the same old same old if you live down the street.  I ordered the octopus and it was the best I have ever had and it was served in all its octopus glory.  It tasted like a perfectly cooked steak, with a consistency that I can only describe as delicately firm but not at all chewy.  It was octopus. But if you don't like Octopus, close your eyes and point to something else on the menu because I looked and sniffed around and it all looked great and I tasted my wife's spinach lasagna and that was great too!  This is all I can say for now because I have only been here once, but I will definitely come again and I will expand this review.  The bread, the dipping sauce, the appetizers, the service-  spectacular!!!!! I love this place.This is a wonderful little Italian Tratoria on Passyunk Ave in S. Philadelphia.  My wife and I have always wanted to try it out, because it looks so interesting.  It is only open on the weekends and is very small.
We were very pleased with our experience.  The menu is small, the decor simple, and the food is very straight forward and traditional.  However, it is well worth the trip.  My wife had spinash raviloi and I had pollenta with sausage and gravy.  Both were excellent.  We also had a riccotta appetizer that was wonderful as well.  
Overall we had a great experience.  The pace of the dinner was perfect.  We were able to talk, drink our wine, and truly enjoy each others company.  
A great find and I look forward to going back again.Best kept BYO secret in Philly. Unique, charming atmosphere, amazing food that is clearly homemade, and really warm and friendly service. Just make sure you get reservations because they are only open on weekends.Enjoyed a delicious authentic Italian meal!   The food was prepared and made fresh - much like when in Italy you are able to taste the individual flavors of the meal - not overly salted or sweetened.   
The restaurant is small, has a lot of character, and has friendly and warm servers.I can't say enough about this place. We were made to feel incredibly welcome as soon as we walked in the door, and even though we stayed for a long time, the server was insistent that we not feel rushed. 
The food was excellent. The simple san marzano tomato sauce was done extremely well, and accompanied impeccable spinach ravioli. The pasta fagioli was hearty and deeply comforting, blending rapini and white beans to yield a dish with a rich warmth.
As someone from out of town, the next time in Philadelphia we will be sure to return.This place is kind of amazing. Really cool atmosphere, classic italian comfort food, friendly service...we loved it. 
We called on a Saturday night, knowing it would be busy, and they still squeezed us in. We were advised to "bring lots of wine" as service isn't quick. So make sure you don't expect to be in & out quickly. Go there, sit back, have some great conversation, and enjoy your food & drink. You'll be happy you did."Simple Pleasures"
Cannot say enough good things about Mr Martino's. The ricotta and olives, delectable. The balsamic chicken, transformative. The desserts, divine. The coffee, perfection. Service is A+. Lighting is extra A+. Coffee, spot on. Location can't be beat. Absolutely best of the best.I live right down the street from Mr. Martino's and it has quickly become one of my go-to's for Italian BYO.  The food I can honestly say isnt the best italian food I've had in my life.  There are a few other places that I would go to for better Italian food.  However, the food is still very good.  The portions are not overwhelming and they tend to hang on the smaller end of the spectrum. 
Mr Martino's is a place that you go for the atmosphere.  It's dark inside.  it's warm.  Come on a cold night and bring a couple bottles of red wine to go along with your dinner.  This is a place that you come to spend the evening as the food does take a while a to be prepared.  Its great place for a group dinner or a romantic evening.  You have plenty of time to sip on your wine and chat while your dinner is being prepared.   I have to say this is the most intimate restaurant that I have been to in Philadelphia.
The food is still very good here in spite of what I've said.  The argula salad is very tasty.  The pasta dishes are exellent.A friend recommended that we go to Mr. Martino's for our anniversary. We made a reservation, and then saw all the reviews on Yelp. It seems like people either absolutely love it or absolutely hate it. After my dinner there, I am one of the people that absolutely loves it. I think the people who hate it must have expected some Olive Garden type restaurant with lots of lighting and no character.
It is cozy inside, and dimly lit. The staff were very friendly the entire time. It wasn't super-fast service, but I didn't want to be rushed in and out in 30 min. Part of the atmosphere is drinking a bottle of wine (it's a BYO) and have the food come out at a more leisurely pace.
On to the food: after reading some reviews, we both got the white bean soup. It was delicious! The waitress said afterwards that it is actually a vegan soup. I would never have guessed, it was so flavorful.
For main courses I ordered the spinach ravioli with butter-nutmeg sauce and asparagus. Wonderful! My boyfriend got veal tortellini in a creamy tomato and gorgonzola sauce. Very tasty. The food wasn't the most amazing I've ever had, but it was very good and better than you would expect for the price.
We were too full for dessert but the tiramisu' at other tables looked very good too.
I loved the food and the atmosphere of Mr. Martino's. It is small inside though and is definitely not fast-food, so maybe it isn't for everyone. Also, they don't accept credit cards, but they do accept checks.I went here with a date who apparently thought it was romantic. Bad food and rude service is NEVER romantic and the food here was terrible. Salty and TERRIBLE.As  always on Yelp, you encounter people who have no taste, are rude, but want everyone to be polite to them etc. They take malicious delight in one-starring small businesses and so on... They couldn't be more wrong about this lovely trattoria.
Mr. M's small, handsome BYOB has always served delicious food in a calm and welcoming atmosphere.
I would recommend it for anything from a casual meal, to bringing the family of your bride (which I did right before our wedding).... more than 15 years ago. They're still a place to remember and enjoy today.
Viva Mr. Martino's!This is a place for special occasions that are special for their own sake, not due to the location.  By that, I mean the decor is charming and non-intrusive - the place feels like it could be a 100 yr old tavern that's family friendly.  The food is flavorful and filling, seasoned simply but sufficiently.  The service is friendly, efficient, and unobtrusive.
We made reservations for early Saturday evening, though they proved unnecessary.  To hammer home the point of casualness, they use paper napkins, uncork away from the table (no corking fee!), and give you small tumblers for drinking your wine that look like they're supposed to be for orange juice at a diner.
Get the white bean soup, and get a bowl - you'll almost order a second bowl and make it your meal.  Skip the mushrooms appetizer - they're sliced and sauteed in white wine but served cold with dry orgeano on it.  They're flavorful, but somewhat unappetizing served as such.  The bread is tasty, chewy on the inside and crusty on the outside.  They're generous with extra bread.  Our meals were heaped in bowls other restaurants use for salad - leaving a portion that's very filling but not large enough to warrant leftovers.  As said before, their sauces are not complex but still flavorful, pastas cooked properly and seemingly fresh, and calamari at exactly the right texture.  We got out of there at just under $50 after tip.
The proprietor did visit our table briefly, he was accommodating and charming as previous folks have said, although he only stayed briefly.One of my favs in the South Philly Italian scene.  The owner is the nicest man, and often brings out food that his wife is making that he "think you will enjoy."  A very cozy place that makes you feel like you are eating in his house.My wife and I went to Mr Martino's while visiting Philly for the weekend.  We chose this place because of the YELP reviews and it didn't disappoint.
I was a big fan of the bread served when we sat down, along with sun dried tomatoes and olive oil.  The gentlemen there, who I assumed was Mr Martino, informed us that the bread is baked in the area and delivered daily.  
We shared the fresh mozzarella and tomatoes appetizer which was great!  We both got the homemade tortellini.  I had the veal tortellini with a tomato gorgonzola sauce and my wife had cheese tortellini with tomato sauce and sausage.  The entrees were served in bowls that you would find at someones home, I liked that.  
I cannot remember what we had for dessert but it was very simple and tasty.
The atmosphere is very comfortable, a no frills type of restaurant, which is very refreshing.  You can bring your own bottle of wine, which everyone did except us.  Mr Martino is very outgoing and seemed to have known everyone there.  It seems that most everything is homemade.
When in Philly, we will return!This place was very excellent. BYOB Italian place with a dim lit homey atmosphere.The portions aren't the biggest but the quality makes it well worth it. The octopus is really delicious and tender. I also tried a bit of all of my friends food and it was all very tasty everyone was very satisfied. We stayed for desert.We walked in through the cold and snow late at night straight off the plane, completely unsure of the choice we had made. All of the nerves subsided as we had our first taste of bread and talked our the beautiful room with the owner. Dinner was on point. Its close quarters, BYOB, and cash only but as long as you have those expectations managed, dinner with be a lovely, fresh, soul warming experience.On a whim we decided to try this lovely little place....
 When you walk in to the restaurant you are immediately transported to a very homey kitchen.  Mrs. Martino cooks everything on a six burner stove.  Everything we had was delicious.  I cannot wait to go back.  East Passyunk is one of my absolute places to go and this place makes it even better.Never having been here before I wasn't sure what to expect seeing as my Italian food fix is usually filled by homemade meals, however this place did nothing but impress. Within the first few minutes after sitting down you quickly get the feel that there is only one chef who is making high quality authentic food. As far as the food goes I enjoyed the baked ricotta, peppers, and most of all the veal tortillini. If youre looking to go out for Italian this might be one of the few places worth going if you're looking for a home cooked style meal.Mr. Martino's is now my favorite BYOB.  The food is delicious.  My husband had the white bean soup and the veal tortillini, which was excellent.  We both had the string bean app. & I had the cheese tortillini.  The service was very friendly and a great atmosphere.  We will be back again!If you are thinking of trying this place, skip to my review of Hosterio and thank me later for getting lucky with your date.
Many people may recommend this place to you, as they did me. And even know, searching reviews of this place you will find "highly recommended" then the few brave "not recommended." Figuring out what's what is hard. That's why you have me and Yelp.
This place has been around for many years, and the owners are married. Cute. It is a dark place that smells like an attic. Authentic. Nothing was so horrible to give it a bad review, though, but the food. 
If you are going to pump this place up as having great Italian food, you are lying. Truth is: gnocci was bland. Sausage (which took 25 minutes) tasted like Bob Evans (aka: nothing special). 
I am risky a lot posting this review (as I did with Napoli pizza) and I know a particular Philly food critic that has argued with me about this place and will die when he/she sees this review.
But trust me. Support real Italians and eat at Hostario.This is probably my favorite BYOB in the city. Every time I enter I feel like I am in a European cafe. The food is cooked to order so don't go here super hungry or impatient, this is not the place for you. Do come here for a romantic dinner or just to have a delicious dinner.  The host /owner is extremely gracious and makes everyone feel like they are special and appreciated. It's just a feel good evening with some yummy Italian.Been here several times over the years, and always had a wonderful Italian meal. The owner and staff are very friendly. It does seem strange to just leave a message for a reservation, but your table will be ready for you when you walk in.Very good homemade italian food. Simple yet perfect and just the right portion. Cash only and byob. The owner walks around and says hello to everyone, just like being a guest in one's home. Small and crowded yet feels so comfortable. It's timeless and i will always want to go back.Went here last night for dinner. I called around 6:30 to see if they had any reservations, and they did, so we got there around 7. We were seated immediately. The restaurant is SO cozy, you feel like you are in an old south philly house. The decor is on point and they sat us right next to the radiator which was great. We didn't order anything off the menu, only specials, which were perfect. We had some mushrooms with polenta and beans. The mushrooms had been marinated in wine for a day (I think) and that dish was delicious. My partner ordered the octopus (too adventurous for me, but he said it was great), and I got the spinach ravioli in a pumpkin sauce. Usually I'm only interested in savory dinner, but the sauce was just so perfect and light, and it complemented the ravioli so much. I didn't even need to put any cheese on it! I imagine whatever we would have ordered would have been perfect. The owner kept checking on us, he was very nice. The waitress was great as well. Can't say enough good things! Only problem was that I didn't save any room for dessert. That just means I'll have to go back. Two things to note- this place is super old school and cash only. Also, its a BYOB.Amazing space, truly a hidden gem. Such a unique dining area. The owners are also very involved- the wife prepares all the meals, while the husband manages the dining space, and he was especially cordial. Highly recommended.I have been coming here for years and I love it every time. I love taking people for their first time and seeing their faces light up at the old fashioned almost relaxing atmosphere. Whenever I walk in here I just exhale...something about it. This place always makes me feel like I'm a regular (when I actually only get to come here once every 3-4 months) and I love that. 
Everything is homemade by the owner's wife. It's a "one man show" as the owner reminds his patrons. So I usually bring an extra bottle of wine to really settle into the night. This isn't the type of place where you're in and out within 45 min. 
I love the tomato pesto sauce. Simple and flavorful. Pair that with the incredible free loaf of bread with sundried tomatoes in oil and I'm in carb heaven! 
Try this place. I know some of the reviews are a little tough on this place, so if you're looking for a place with razzle dazzle or Stephen Starr style- then stay in center city. But if you want a rustic meal at a reasonable price- this is your restaurant!3.5 stars.
This is a quiet, dark spot, that looks nothing like most south philly italian restaurants, it is very quaint with squeeky chairs and humble place settings.  The menu is small, but should have something for everyone, it is also very reasonably priced with most entrees averaging about $15, however I would recommend ordering an app because portions aren't enough to fill you on an entree alone.  Each meal is cooked to order so expect to be there for a bit longer than your average restaurant stay.  Overall I thought the food was good, and priced accordingly, It's not the best italian I have ever had, but I'm glad I went and would return.For my 300th review, only a five-star operation close to my fatty little heart will do. 
Enter Mr. Martino's, owned and operated by Marc and Maria Farnese (themselves, in person) for more than a decade. Open only Friday, Saturday and Sunday nights, the humble yet gracious space evokes the warm and simple trattorie of Roma more persuasively than any other restaurant I've dined in since leaving Italy six years ago.  The mismatched wooden chairs, my favorite antique table decoupaged with cigar-bands under glass, the surrealist paintings -- all speak to a time out of time, where one is free to check out of the inhuman world and just enjoy the company of friends and loved ones over a leisurely meal. 
Reservations are a must, as the tables are limited and quickly fill. Once arrived, hand your bottle(s) of wine off to Marc or one of the charming servers and settle in to your dim, romantic corner.  The menu is short and sweet -- spinach-ricotta ravioli in homemade pumpkin sauce, an appetizer of ricotta salata and zippy green olives, and the green salad dressed in Maria's transporting herb vinaigrette are my personal mainstays. Prices and portions are small, so do order two courses and NEVER skip dessert. 
One of the specials, a chicken leg and thigh roasted in fresh oregano and aged balsamic, is far and away my favorite chicken dish ever.  My boyfriend orders it every time.  Tender and fragrant, with just a few expertly roasted potatoes to accompany it, this is a bird you won't soon forget.  Be sure to keep a piece of their excellent crusty bread at hand to soak up the rich balsamic sauce pooling on your plate. 
With only Maria in the kitchen, meals here are much slower paced than at a larger restaurant with a staff of line cooks.  This is my absolute favorite thing about Mr. Martino's.  No one is rushing you through the paces of app-entree-dessert, so you are free to actually taste your food, converse with your date, and sip your wine in peace. Marc circulates the room, checking in with each table, the consummate host. 
Though all of the desserts please me, the lemon tart and chocolate pudding take top honors.  That chocolate pudding!  So luxe, just sweet enough... I have licked the bowl.  Accompanied by a short espresso and maybe a complimentary pour of Sambuca or Limoncello if the house finds you the right sort, it's heaven. 
Haters may continue to hate... it will change Mr. Martino's not a whit.  Thank you, Marc and Maria -- even though you will likely never read this -- for your commitment to your vision.I've lived 6 blocks from this place for almost 5 years, walked past it more times than I can count and yet, I never noticed it until my girlfriend took me here last weekend. Don't let its unassuming facade fool you. This place is the real deal. Everything about this place is just about perfect. Our waitress was friendly and knowledgable, the owner was charismatic and super-accommodating and the chef was a total master. From the relaxed atmosphere to the amazing food to the genuinely friendly people, spending time at Mr. Martinos was like being in another country in another time. My new favorite restaurant!This is my favorite little spot in Philly; so charming and romantic. If the "specials" menu includes the Balsamic Chicken, make sure to get it! I usually have a rule of not ordering chicken out at restaurants because it's boring, but this is the best I've ever had!What a great birthday dinner!! The food was so good and the service was exemplary!!! One server, but Mr. Martino helped out and chatted with everyone and made everyone feel comfy like you were in his home! The pasta used to make the tortelloni was homemade as was everything else.  The Baked ricotta was so delicious, no matter which flavor you order. I typically don't like bean soup but the white bean soup was yummy.  The lemon tart was delectable and the chocolate pudding was homemade and decadent.  I definitely waited too long to make a visit to Mr. Martino's!I really love this place.  My husband & I went on a Sunday night on short notice and we were met with a very warm greeting.  Don't let the shitty reviews fool you- this place is stellar.  The thing about yelp is that it's open to the public, and not everyone has great taste or knows what they're talking about.
Anyway- the good service lasted for the duration of our visit.  We had well prepared, quality, home style food in a kitschy, intimate environment.  It had a real speakeasy vibe despite the lack of booze.  
I read a few things about "cooking all day and reheating everything as it's ordered."  This is not as appalling as you make it sound.  I've worked in restaurants for 20 years and this is how it's done pretty much everywhere.  That's what "prep" is.  So get over it.  Besides, things like sauce take all day to cook.  And then you reheat them.  
But anyway- our food was slamming.  We had the baked ricotta and some various antipasti.  For dinner I had spinach ravioli.  I'm not sure what my husband had but he loved it.  By this time we had already started in on our 2nd bottle of wine and we're total hogs so we ordered one of the specials for the evening- the octopus.  I think it was the best octopus I've ever had.  I liked everything about it.  We had the tiramisu and the lemon tart for dessert.  I wish I'd brought a bottle of Amaretto.  
I want to have my birthday dinner here- with bottles of Chianti and cardboard cutouts of characters from Boardwalk Empire.  It's gonna be pretty sweet.Aside from the great food, (well proportioned I might add) adorable atmosphere, and the fantastic notion that there's only one cook in the back, the pat on the back from Mark is why I go here so often. Mark is the always-friendly owner, host, wait-staff, and hob-knobber. He makes  his rounds, giving everyone a good pat on the shoulder while catching up with old pals. (you're an old pal if you've ever been once.)  And if it's a special occasion, you might just get a shot of frangelico to celebrate. 
The slow-pace is good for those of us that forget how dinner ought to be spent as well...and I have to add, the baked ricotta, green bean and cherry tomato salad is amazing. 
this place has perfected simplicity.I love Mr Martino's.  It has all the elements--an intimate, relaxed atmosphere, great food and friendly service.This is a classic,  old-school, Italian gem.
I had the treat of dining her last Sunday with workmates whom I adore and one of our crew has made Mr. Martino's  one of her go-to spots.
Unlike a number of Yelpers,  we didn't experience the service and slow food delivery issues at all and this was at prime dinner time on a Sunday evening.   The staff were extremely attentive and the food came out in great time.
This was truly the experience of being in someone's home and having food made with great care and love.
Let's start out first with the bread:  soft on the inside,  just enough crunch in the crust and the heavenly olive oil with peppers to sop the bread into ...  (We asked for an additional basket of bread and more oil !)
Shared several appetizers -- the mozzarella and tomatoes,  the broccoli rabe (cooked tender and seasoned to perfection !)
Two of us got the spaghetti with calamari (cooked perfectly!). The garlicky sauce was a must for bread-dipping!
Pasta and risotto dishes others got were equally scrumptious.
Now,  onto desserts:
As many Yelpers recommended,  the lemon tart is a MUST !!!  We got two and devoured them.   Tiramisu shared by a few was surprisingly not soggy and incredibly delicious.   The cappuccinos to accompany the sweets were made perfectly.
This was a FULL and COMPLETE dining experience !The octopus starter is a must. It wasn't on the menu but as a verbal special. Never have I had octopus so tender before. My group had a variety of pasta dishes and they were all very nice, not heavy at all. The pesto was so fresh! And the bread was perfect (I'm a sucker for great bread). FYI this place is byob and cash only.clearly a place whose time has come and gone.  I was last here with 7 friends.  No one's dinner was edible.  One dish was the most unappetizing presentation I have ever seen.  Small sausages on a bed of spinsch?/broccol rabe?  It looked like excrement sitting atop soaking wet spinach.  It did not taste much better than it looked.  
The service was pleasant but  haphazard.  The place wasn't busy, so all I can think is that she was very inexperienced.
With so many great places on EPA (Le Virtu, Fond, etc.), there is no reason for anyone to set foot in this placeBeen coming to Mr Martino's since the early 90's. The food is wonderful, the atmosphere perfect for a date night or even a family party. I've never had a bad meal here.Love this place!  It was a little weird calling for reservations because I think the only option is really to leave them on the voicemail, for the most part.  But, they call you back and they are super friendly.
The inside is so cool!  You feel like you're visiting someone's house from another time and an unknown relative is cooking for you. 
The food is delicious as well, I got the ravioli with red sauce and it was amazing.  Lots of good choices for vegetarians.  The owner is so friendly, he came over to chat with us.  Normally I don't always like this type of chat, but it wasn't weird or fake at all, and he told us a little bit about the history of the building.Last night was a wonderful evening at Mr. Martino's, and I hope to be back soon. 
The atmosphere is spectacular- dark and cozy, pleasantly cramped. You will literally rub elbows with the people sitting near you! I admit I had a fun time eavesdropping on the conversations of the tableful of yuppies next to us. 
When we arrived we were told that the kitchen was backed up, and yep, it sure was! Our entire three-course meal took over two hours. 
The food was good but not great. We each had the ricotta appetizer- from the description of "baked ricotta" I thought it would be hot, but it wasn't. However, I enjoyed the seasoning in the vinaigrette. For my main course I had the cavatelli with tomato pesto. It was a perfect sized portion (a lot of people have commented that portions are small... that's true ONLY if you're going to compare it to the Olive Garden or something!), the pesto was tangy and flavorful, and the pasta tender and yummy. My fiance had the balsamic chicken special, and he said it was good. For dessert we had tiramisu and the strawberry filled cake and my fiance had a cup of coffee.
The service was great- I appreciated that they were up front about the kitchen being backed up, and the owner, Mark, came around a few times to make conversation. They also brought us as much bread as we wanted and plenty of delicious olive oil to dip. 
This is NOT a good place for a first date, however, it was enjoyable to spend an extended amount of time with my fiance' where we could sit and talk, without the TV on and without anywhere to rush to.This place is amazing. This is real home style Italian cooking. The octopus is amazing as are all the pasta dishes. The place is really cute as well.Ciao!
This place is a little slice of heaven in south philly and has been, i think it is safe to assume so, for the past 20+ years. Passyunk ave has seen many changes of late but this place has remained wonderfully unchanged. My wife and I started to go there when we lived on the block and return whenever we can since moving out. Simple mom & pop operation makes you feel like home or even better a friend's home whose parents are awesome and know the meaning of hospitality. Did I mention they also know how to cook? Well, they most certainly do. Freshness is key from the bread to the cavatelli to the daily specials. Mainstays on the menu like tortelloni and raviolis all home made and it shows. Interesting incorporation of white beans into soups and specials of the day.We had a horrible experience. We were waiting for our food for almost an hour. No one spoke to us.  Finally at about the hour point, the owner said that the food would be up momentarily and that his wife was the only one in the kitchen.
Twenty minutes later --- the food came. No apology, No compensation like 10% off the bill. 
The restaurant is very, very small.  The owner went around asking others if they were enjoying themselves. He totally ignored us.  No acknowledgement of us even being present.  Ignoring us does not make it better.
Can you tell I am still angry?Having lived in South Philly for the better part of a decade, I have always meant to stop into Mr Martino's. I have heard such polarizing things about this joint- the service is slow, the food too salty and the portions too small. I have also heard it is homey, delicious, well-portioned and simply comfortable. 
From the moment the diner steps inside Mr Martino's, it's pretty apparent that this meal is going to be pretty unique, for better or for worse. 
The decor is splendid. You know how tacky places like Applebee's put random crap on their walls in a half-hearted attempt to make their establishments feel authentic? Well, Mr. Martino's is the sort of place they are ripping off. The walls are old. The tables are creaky. The space is cramped. It's kind of dark. There are somewhat creepy, kind of interesting pictures all over the place. I would say there is a hybrid of intimacy and comfort unlike any other restaurant I have ever entered. 
The service, from the very start, was awesome. We chatted with our server for a few minutes. She recommended a few dishes. Later, we chatted up Mr. Martino himself. Couldn't be a nicer fellow. I got the feeling that this is the sort of place that a lot of work has been put into, and that furthermore they could make a lot more money if, say, they opened up for more days or moved to a bigger establishment. That they haven't may account for the fantastic dishes. 
My fiance and I started by ordering an arugula and Asiago salad with a lemon-oil dressing. I loved the intense bitterness of the arugula contrasting with the sour tartness of the dressing. Crazy weird flavor. In fact, this salad was possibly the earthiest dish I have ever experienced. Though I mean that as a compliment, my fiance didn't care for it. "Go outside and lick the cement." Well then.
As for our main dishes, I originally ordered the veal tortellini with Gorgonzola sauce. Unfortunately, the sauce was emptied for the nite. (We arrived pretty late.) So I switched to the apparently-endless special, the balsamic chicken. To me, this dish was heaven sent. It arrived with a few potatoes and 2 crunchy stalks of asparagus on the side. The sauce had that tangy sweetness which only balsamic could deliver. The chicken quite literally fell off the bone. Surprisingly, the dish had dark meat too. Quite a risk, considering the price point. It really lent itself to the dish, so tender and juicy. 
My fiance ordered the cheese tortellini with pesto sauce. The tortellini was obviously fresh and cooked perfectly. The pesto was sublime, not a hint overseasoned. She said it was one of the best pasta dishes she ever tasted. 
There are a few bum notes which obstruct a 5 star rating. The portion size has been discussed much. While I certainly agree that portion size at nearly every establishment is out of control these days, Mr Martinos goes the opposite way. I could literally have counted my fiance's tortellini on two hands. I MAY have need a few toes, but I doubt it. What it comes down to is this- if I am dropping a Grant on dinner, I should come out with my appetite satisfied. If it weren't for our bread, I would not have been. 
Also, as noted by other reviewers, the wait was excessive.  I didn't particularly mind it, to be honest, but it is something to be considered if you are going out for dinner. There are nights when going out to dinner isnt the absolute centerpiece of the night. Going to Mr Martino's for dinner would preclude such nights. 
Overall, I loved it. I plan on going back, that much is for sure. The environment, the service, the atmosphere and, of course, the off the hook dishes are well worth stopping for a few hours every once in a while for a meal unlike any other.Absolutely loved Mr. Martino's! I called for a reservation on Friday afternoon for a Saturday 7:00 table. You leave a message on the machine, as they are only open 3 days per week. Mr. Martino called me back confirming, also informing me they don't take credit. 
The ambiance is very old school. Tables are packed into the small, dark space. The staff is wonderful, from the greeting to the farewell. The food was fantastic. We had the tortellini with sausage, spinach lasagna and cavatelli with pesto tomato sauce. All three were wonderful and just the right portions. 
Mr Martino's is a BYOB, so be prepared. I will definitely return.This is a (somewhat) hidden gem in Passyunk and my favorite Italian place in the city! Reason I say somewhat is because it's definitely getting more and more buzz, plus this place fills up on the weekends.  Atmosphere is rustic, quaint, and cozy. And food was just hands down incredible. The veal tortellini is my go-to here. This is one of the best spots in the city, highly recommend!!