Had the cheese hamburger and two orders of bacon. It was fabulous, the bread was freshly brought in that morning and the tomatoes were fresh and ripe. They didn't make their own ketup but the flavors from everything else was good. I also had the rye toast with the eggs was soooo good after finishing the eggs and home fries. The number three was worth my money. I can't wait to go back again and get more crispy bacon.Cool diner, old school stools. But a waitress who is a borderline moron. Out of: bacon. Wheat toast. And let's wait until we are serving you the meal to let you know. Foods really not bad. But annoying wait and too many mistakes.Went for breakfast with my family and a had a quick inexpensive tasty meal.Took a seat at the counter at 0700 for breakfast. Took over 5 minutes for waitress to tear herself away from her chat with the cook to take my order. She then returned to her chat, with her back to the  counter. Where she stayed while four businessmen came in, got tired of waiting for service, and left. After ten minutes she came back to ask what I had ordered. Over 25 minutes after my order I received eggs Benedict with an overwhelming lemony hollandaise and hash browns that clearly had been cooked some time previously. The gentleman next to me sat waiting with cash and check in hand while waitress stood with her back to the counter again chatting with cook; he finally got up and went to her to pay. Service 1 star. Food 2 stars. Coffee was ok.Based on the looks of this place alone it gets 5 stars.  The decor hasn't changed from the 1960's as they tell you on the menu. I've only been once while visiting Philadelphia, but I had a great experience. I thought the food was really good. The breakfast potatoes were delicious as was the bacon.You get 10% off at Mrs. K if you stay at the Apple Hostel. We just had to ask for a stamp at the reception.I found out about Mrs. K's after looking for a good breakfast place on yelp while I was in the Philly area for the weekend.  Yelp you didn't steer me wrong.  When I checked in using the yelp app, it gave me a discount on our meal!  Score!  Granted the total bill only came to $18 for two(and we had ordered quite a bit of food) but still.  
I had the Mediterranean omelet and the boyfriend was excited to see that they had Scrapple on the menu.  I have never had Scrapple before and it was really good, almost addicting!  It is located on a quiet street and the huge doors face out onto the street so you can people watch as you eat.  The decor is definitely vintage but that only adds to the charm.Food was OK, service was SLOW. Took an hour to get two breakfast orders.Charged my card the wrong amount. Food was not good. Dry dry dry french toast, not even sent with syrup.Nice, homey diner. No tables, only counter seating. Local place. Food ok, lots of veggies in my egg white omlet only they didn't follow the special request to skip the tomatoes and had put a ton in so I had to pick them out. Service could have been a little faster, as it isn't that big a place. Not touristy, so good if you want a quick meal.It was convenient so we stopped by between tours. The food was your typical greasy spoon diner food. We liked it, didn't get sick, and the prices are more than reasonable. The service was incredibly slow, which why I'm giving 4 stars.Small place that catered to our needs, i.e.: Breakfast. I was in Philly for a few days, staying at The Franklin Hotel, and this little place instantly became a life saver. Located down the block on Chestnut, Mrs. K's took care of our breakfast/lunch cravings. Great service & even better food, couldn't have asked for more.Four stars for good diner-level breakfast food, zero stars for one of the worst waitresses I've seen.  Nasty to her coworkers and has a just tolerable demeanor to the customers.   When I first came here 10 years ago, there was a lovely older waitress who'd chat you up and it'd be a great start to your day.   Now it's the complete opposite - what a shame.This was hands-down the worst breakfast my sister and I ever had at, not coincidentally, the worst breakfast spot we've ever eaten at. And that's a combined 137 years of breakfasts. 40 minutes before the "food" came and when it did my sister's order was wrong, the eggs cold, the home fries cold and undercooked. The waitress, a nice but overworked and evidently frustrated woman, was equally consternated and kept apologizing for the inadequacies of the kitchen. It wasn't as if the place was overcrowded, just that the kitchen staff seemed careless, uninterested and incompetent. We left our breakfasts, such as they were, practically untouched on the plates. My upset stomach, from the two bites I took of the eggs, followed me for the rest of the day. Save yourselves the trouble of running out for Pepto Bismol and avoid this place.We ate here twice on vacation. Service is pretty slow but we will definitely come back because of 3 things...Helene the sweet and attentive waitress, the food was very good and you can't beat the prices!Wow, possibly the worst service I've ever experienced. 
I woke up early due to jet lag and was hungry, and this place was near my hotel. Since it was one of the only places open at 6am, I went in. There were already about 6 customers at the counter, and one waitress. I entered and sat down at the counter, and the waitress barely glanced at me. Several minutes pass and she is chatting with the other customers who seem to be regulars. I should note that all other customers seem to have already given their orders or were already eating. I still haven't given her my order. At this point I contemplated leaving. Finally, she spoke to me and, oddly, seemed friendly. She took my order (a scrapple sandwich and an OJ).
The food was okay, I guess, though the scrapple tasted different from ones I've had at other Philly cafes--it had an unpleasant porky aroma, and was mushy and really salty, but fried well. I've only had scrapple twice before, but enjoyed it more the previous times.
After I was clearly done eating, it took a very long time for her to bring me my check. During this time, she chatted with the other customers and then disappeared for several minutes (for a smoke break maybe?). When she finally brought my check, it  took several minutes before she came back for my cash. Several more minutes before she came back with my change. 
In total, I sat there for an hour for a measly breakfast sandwich and OJ in a nearly-empty diner at 6am.
It's hard to tell why the service is so bad. At first I wondered if there was something about me that elicited discrimination from her (a really unpleasant feeling--I can't even remember if I have ever felt this way at a restaurant), but she seemed to ignore two other customers who came in after me as well, and they had a different demographic profile from me. *Shrugs* In any case, I'm never going back!Typical diner.  Counter space only, which made it tough with my toddler.  But food was quick, cheap and it was convenient as we were being tourists.  Waitress seemed annoyed with crowd, and we sometimes had to seek her out for coffee, water, etc.  Owners were very nice.   I'd definitely go again, but I don't recommend for kids that need a high chair (they had them, but it puts the kids below the counter)Reasonable, friendly service and good food. No need for pricey other places.  If you want a good sand which with generous portions, go for it!  I like the old style diners that are still around.My 12 year old son and I walked out after sitting at counter for 5 mins. Two waitresses walked by at least six times. Never once said good morning, would you like coffee, or we will be with you in a minute...
They acted like we were not there and could have cared less.
We recommend Honeys on Chestnut between 6th and 7th.I have to agree with other reviewers about the service.  i think i was sitting there for about 15 mins without even a glass of water, nor was my order taken.  this was at 7:30am on a Tuesday.   The place is a great setup, counter type seating.  The combo is good as it comes with coffee, and once the service gets going, the coffee does get refilled so no complaints there.  Food is pretty good but not mind-blowing. 
If you don't mind taking your time, reading the paper or watching the news on the TV screens they have up, its a good place to check out.  if you are short on time, I'd probably go elsewhere.  The service is slow but not rude.I ordered breakfast for my coworker and myself on a Sunday morning. It took 50 minutes for an omelet and some pancakes. Are you kidding me? AND they initially forgot my juice!
On top of that, they did not put in any syrup with my pancakes. AND my friend had eggshells in her omelet! What a mess! Never again!This review is from the morning of October 9th, 2015. The waitress here with the excessive makeup is just miserable. She seemed genuinely pissed off I was there. But she was nice to the middle aged white men that dominated the diner. I was the only person of colour there and she was down right horrible to me. She seemed bothered that I wanted to order, bothered that I asked for water, bothered when I wanted to pay the bill (to which she pointed to the till behind her and barked, "You pay there!". The food was quite miserable too. I had just arrived in Philly and was staying close by and needed some food before starting my day. I suggest going to Cosi next door if you happen to be contemplating going inside this diner. AVOID.This place has the worst service I have ever had in Philadelphia and that is saying a lot. I went on a Saturday morning at around 1030am. They had one waitress for each side and I don't know if they were short handed in the kitchen but she kept disappearing in the back. Place is cheaper than others but with the service being so poor just spend the extra money. Fail.Not the greatest but not the worst. The food was fine, of course had to get a Philly cheese steak. Definitely the steak was chopped like ground beef but I didn't mind as I thought it tasted fine. The main issues I had was with the staff. The waitress was friendly, but I couldn't understand what she meant by making me order a Philly cheese steak meal to get a soda since it was cheaper than not getting the soda, so I said I'd play along and get the one with the soda, but then I never got a soda ! Lol. But I was still charged the cheaper rate, I think. The other issue was it took over ten minutes for waitress to come back out as j was finished and ready to roll and wanted to pay my check and roll out. All in all, not a horrid place, but there may be better out there. The other cool thing is this is within walking distance of independence hall and the liberty bellHad corned beef hash, 2eggs over easy, rye toast and coffee. Everything was great, the corned beef hash was almost burnt (asked for it that way, just pointing out the wait staff listen haha). Why 4 stars? The wait to pay and order! The setup isn't conducive to fast service but the staff is great and friendly. Overall, great little place!Kind of crappy tasting food . Liked the location and old school diner feel...but not great :(So at this point the BF and I have been to Mrs. K's around five times so  it has now become our go to for us, suggestions, etc.
Unfortunately, I have to report two not so great experiences in the last few weeks.
Met my mom and some of her co workers for lunch and suggested Mrs. K's for lunch.  Arrived around 12:15 ordered four meals- I had the BLT. and it took 45 minutes to get our food with no one checking on us in the meantime.  BLT was pretty good.
Second time my best friend and her BF came down and we were so excited to take them for a pj's breakfast with the puppy.  After bragging to them how much we love this place, we experience some of the worst service we have ever had :(  
We sat down and our usal server came over to take our oder.  We ordered some coffee's and water.  It took fifteen minutes to get our coffee and water from a different server.  There were approximately eight people inside and none outside.  We reminded our waitress about the water and never received it.  When our coffee was delivered she took our order.  Mind you another couple sat down about five minutes after us and they received their drinks immediately and got our food fifteen minutes before us!  How did this happen you ask?  Because it took forty minutes to get our breakfast!!  
I then went into the woman at the front to ask about our service and see what could be done and I assume she was the owner/manager.  She explained that theother couple got better service because she served them!!  I was appalled that this was the excuse however she said she would make sure we had a good experience here on out.  
We got our breakfast finally and my omlette was cold and without the cheese I ordered.  I went in to ask about it and she did take the omlette back to put cheese on it (after offering a new one but I didn't want my guests to eat and feel guilty) and it came back out with a non melted full slice.
Mrs. K, I do love your establishment and the food is awesome but wander what happened the last few weeks with the service.  Lazy Saturday and Sunday breakfast will happen but will I risk the visit????Awesome place for breakfast anytime. The service was really fast and the pricing was good for a variety of different foods. Would definitely come back next time I visit PhillyWas hankering for some pancakes, but really did not want to pay the high brunch prices in Old City. Mrs. K helps with not burning a hole in your pocket. The place is very old school diner with a wrap around counter. The server there was real nice, so service was decent. The food is what you expect from a no frills diner. The pancakes were fluffy and bacon was nice and crispy. This is not a bad spot if you don't want to dump a lot of money down for food.I had the pleasure of eating at Mrs. K's while taking a week-long, 40 hour class right next door. It was the epitome of classic diner food without the, well, diner grease and such. Everything was really fresh and tasted delicious. Their menu has a wide selection of breakfast meals, lunch specialties, and simple, but great, hot/cold/club sandwiches. The food was priced excellently (breakfast special: 2 eggs, toast, hash browns, breakfast meat, coffee, AND juice for about $6) and came out very timely. Additionally, I think their waffle fries are fantastic!! 
The only thing I had a problem with was this: after sitting for 4 hours straight in front of a computer screen, Mrs. K's only had cushioned bar stools for me and my sore back to sit on. If their service wasn't so quick, I probably would have been complaining about the seating. Other than that, it's a great place to get a quick and delicious breakfast or lunch in Olde City.They took our order and never put it through. We had to place it again, waitress didn't seem too concerned at first. Later we had our food, it was so so.The best cheese grits in town!!!! The service was wonderful and the restaurant is clean! Staff at this diner are so friendly! Even the chef introduced himself to me! I will be back!I went to Mrs. K.'s for the first time today; it will not be my last!
Mrs. K.'s reminded me of a 50s diner (I love them!).  The service was great!  I think we were sitting there for about two minutes when Helene came over to take our orders.  I had one of the Specials; pizza steak and fries.  I also had a cup of split pea soup.  Everything was delicious, and generous portions.  Helene kept checking to make sure that we had everything we wanted/needed.
Mrs. K.'s will definitely be on my list to go to again and again!Awesome little joint to grab breakfast, always order from here when me and the wife stay in old city. Also they do grub hub!Total dive diner in the best way possible. You might get the food how you ordered it. You might not. Somehow you just won't care, so don't worry about it. Great bacon, egg, and cheese sandwiches. Breakfast platters that are big enough for a couple to share. Swing by late night to prevent your hangover or on Sunday morning to cure it. Great little spot that the locals know about but otherwise flies under the radar.Stopped in for a quick lunch break while in town for a conference. The shop is cozy and small, would seat about 40 people maximum. The waitress was very welcoming.  I got my drink order placed upon seating and my order was placed within the next few minutes. I ordered a Lunch No. 5 the Grilled Chicken Sandwich with fries and a fountain drink for under $9. 
Food came out in about 10 minutes from placing the order. Would recommend if needing to grab lunch on the go or if wanting a quick home cooked meal while sight seeing.Great philly sandwich! Chicken nuggets are real chicken too! For those moms out there. Service was fabulous. Our server was the balm.Pros: good value for the price, cute set up, fun, friendly, great food, GREAT people watching, awesome location.
Cons: my stomach was too small to handle all the goodness I tried to force upon myself.Man, I love Mrs. K's.  Visiting is like stepping back in time, with its cute little counter and friendly service.  Breakfast is cheap and portions are generous.  The servers are sweet and talkative; they'll ask you about yourself or chat about the weather, the news.  There are plenty of regulars, and they'll welcome you to join them.
Come in, hang your coat on the hooks along the wall, and take a seat on a tiny stool.  You're home now, and you need to be fed.
I get the same thing every time: a two-egg breakfast (over easy) with rye toast, coffee, home fries, and a side of scrapple.  I love scrapple, and they have good stuff here--not all scrapple is created equal.
When I lived in Philly, I liked to bring friends here for breakfast.  Now I try to visit at least once every time I'm in town.Just your neighborhood coffee shop, which was just what we wanted. Staff was very nice.Great diner food, friendly service.The two u-shaped bars are serviced by one server each, and there are about  25 stools around each bar. Do the math. Service is not the best, but who cares.
The food is cheap and they have good breakfasts. This is a classic greasy spoon diner. It looks like you were transported circa 1972. It reminds me of the Saturday morning diners of my youth.
Mrs. K's has changed ownership over the years, but the food has essentially remained the same. If you don't go in there with high expectations, you'll leave satisfied.Not a good introduction to Philly. Recommended by doorman at the Omni.run coffee shop. The waitress didn't crack a smile. Was impatient taking out orders. 
There are people there that apparently don't do anything but busy work . One lady was just folded two napkins and sat behind the counter . The waitress who took our order was apparently training another employee. I saw our orders in the counter ready. She was too busy training. I ask the folding napkins lady about our order. She replied "it will be ready Hon,without turning around to check that it was ready. The food was ok like you could get at about 100,000 other places in the country. Had to ask for coffee refills. One last thing one  other woman spent the whole time we were there writing 5 specials on a white board.An easy walk from 200 Chestnut where I accompanied my BFF to get her passport renewed in a hurry. The place is old school, where everyone sits on a stool at the counter. Counters are a long "U" shape and servers walk up and down, taking orders, pouring coffee, and shuttling your plate from the pick-up window in the back. Someone mentioned waiting for menus, but the menus are right in front of you, standing up in the napkin dispensers  that are up and down the counter. Maybe there's a different arrangement for the weekend, but we were there on a Friday morning and they were still doing a brisk business. The coffee was top-notch, my friend enjoyed her Greek omelet and I had a classic pork roll egg and cheese on a bagel. Everything was made fresh and piping hot. Old City is OLD, plain and simple, and these little establishments need to be kept going. It helps that the food was good, unassuming diner fare.HORRIBLE!!! First the waitress ignored us when we sat down. The chef had to seat us!!! We had four of us and the waitress who finally came over handed us two menus and we had to get the other two menus ourselves. She threw silverware down on the visibly dirty counter we sat at and handled every fork on the eating part with her bare hands. No word to us either, not even a "hello" or "good morning". We sat for about 15 minutes with the waitress walking by us repeatedly and not even looking at us. We even had our menus closed to let her know we were ready but she seemed really mad at all the guests for being in her area.  no drink order, no food order, no smile and absolutely no hospitality. Mrs. K's is a great waste of time. Skip this place and go next door to Cosi, so much better!!!Don't be put off by the funky way they spell koffee! If you're that anal, you're in the wrong place. This is a hang your coat on the rack, sit yourself down at the counter and have some good eats kind of diner! Not fancy, but comfy. Sausage (two HUGE links!) and eggs with hash browns, toast and coffee was about $5 with the first time check in on Yelp. But even without the discount it would have been under $7 (OMG! Break the piggy-bank!). I went on a Sunday morning and it was not at all crowded. Spent some time talking to the waitress, who told me it gets really crowded during the summer and holidays. Lots of regulars, including the local National Park Rangers. 
Nice experience all around. I'll definitely be hanging my hat on the wall the next time I'm in town!Its really doesn't get much better for breakfast than this place. the service is really good. Just don't go there in a rush so you can enjoy your time there. its in the middle of everything and there french toast is superb.Service was not good at all!!! Sat down and waited almost 30 minutes before the server even looked at us. We ordered and waited another 30 minutes before we got our food. We ordered scrambled eggs. It doesn't take that long to make eggs!!!The food was passable but nothing special.   The service was terrible, slow and not friendly at all.   It's a breakfast place and you only have grape jelly?   Not recommended.Don't mind the bad reviews. This is a straight up all counter no frills down home, hole in the wall coffee shop. Good food. Cheap prices. Coffee that would wake the dead. No tables so don't expect them. Just good food.Cute dinner in old town. Awesome eggs and hash browns. 3 stars because I never knew in my life you could ruin pancakes. They weren't even brown really and we're super doughy and close to raw at points and had zero flavor. Really horrible!!!!!  Syrup couldn't even help it. Go but DO NOT get the pancakes. You have been WARNED!!!!Well it is just breakfast food, but mine was done perfectly. The home fries were the best I've had in a long time and the atmosphere was great.Went in for a late night snack. Only one waitress with only one other customer inside and had terrible service. Took at least 10 min for her to come back with my drink. I had nachos with no meat & my bf had the chilli. Well after finally getting our food the chilli tasted like ketchup flavored with spices and my nachos were basically a giant pile of chips with some bland toppings. I asked for a side of salsa, it finally came after I finished my meal and tasted like it had been open and in the fridge for awhile. I wouldn't ever go back.Solid 3 stars.  The staff was friendly and the food was good.  Not great but good.  Typical little diner.   The seating would be a little to close for my comfort if it was busy.  I will say this.  One of the kitchen staff was probably the friendliest person I have seen in a long time.  She made it a point to say hi and to thank people for coming in.  Very refreshing!The closest thing to old school diner vibes you will find in Center City ( two bars with stools, you seat yourself) The breakfast deals are amazing, all of which are under 9 dollars and leave you with a full stomach and smile on your face. My girlfriend and I have made this our Sunday breakfast spot and we always sit in Helene's section. She is attentive, keeps the convo going, and really adds to the experience. She is a delight. If you want classic, wholesome breakfast food, look no further.The location is fantastic, the atmosphere is classic, and the server was awesome. However, the food was sub-par. My grilled chicken Sandwich was dry with bad flavoring. They are not flexible on their menu (I had to twist the servers arm to swap fries for onion rings...which he reluctantly did after shushing me saying "don't tell anybody"...I guess I'm violating that agreement). I suspect there are much better options for food in the area.This has to be the best breakfast spot. The food is cooked to perfection! I order from Mrs. K's 3 or more time a week and it's always consistent!!! and always Delish!!!!!  Love Mrs K'sVisited for breakfast Monday, June 26th. A beautiful morning. The 4 or 5 tables outside on the sidewalk were filled, so in I went and sat at the counter. Fast service, decent pancakes and bacon. Good grapefruit juice. I took an orange/cranberry muffin back to the hotel for Sleeping Beauty. She liked it; it was fresh and tasty. 
Much better than the South St. diner I visited the next morning.After waiting for 2hr my food inedible :(
The food was cold and half cooked, drink was spilled.I went here for breakfast while visiting Philly and yikes, not the place to eat.  The eggs I got were slimy and undercooked, the giant lump of potatoes they called "home fries" looked like it had been thrown from a freezer bag straight onto the burner as it was kind of wet and wasn't really the right consistency for potatoes and the bacon was massively undercooked.
I will say the service was very good and I liked the counter setup, it made it friendly and easy to ask the waitress for things, but the only food I could stomach there was the toast.Took over a half hour for 2 runny egg salad sandwiches and a chili dog.  Everybody who came in after us ate and paid the bill while we still sat.  Their orders came out at odd times.  No party's food came out all together.  Manager sat and did nothing.  Bad service, bad food.Mrs. K's is in the middle of the tourist area of Philadelphia and caters to them (including me), but the food is actually pretty good, although the service was slow.  The seating is old-style counter that wraps around twice.  They serve diner food.  We had the pancakes and sausage.  The pancakes were good and fluffy, and the sausage was in the form of big, irregularly-shaped links instead of the uniformed manufactured type and tasted very good.
The service was slow, but mainly because one or two waitresses were serving a lot of people.  It was otherwise helpful and responsive enough.
So not a fancy breakfast place or one for breakfast foodies, but if you're nearby it's a good choice for a good breakfast.The creamed chipped beef and other breakfast items are great. Their lunches are just ok, but Mrs.K's is a must anyway. The circa-1960 double lunch counters and friendly service are a blast from the past with no hint of pretension.I see it as a good inexpensive breakfast at an old style greasy spoon without a lot of grease. Service is good, but sometimes a little slow. The food comes out fast and hot. It's similar to eating at home. It's not fancy but it gets the job done. It's a good sized portion that doesn't leave you wanting more. I will repeat. Good for people on a budget - locals and tourists alike.Thanks to the best waitress in Philly, Ms. Santi!  Three great breakfasts fast and delicious!This place is a hidden gem. Delicious breakfast for only 6.75. This included: two eggs, home fries, 2 sausage links or 3 bacon strips, toast and coffee/ orange juice. I'm from NY and this plate would cost us about 10-12 dollars. Our waitress was Helene. She was friendly, a great conversationalist and very attentive to us. If you're nearby, go sit by Helene's section, you will not be disappointed. =)Clean, no frills diner experience.  Stopped in for breakfast right outside our hotel.  Food was great, came out very fast, and the price was reasonable.  Homestyle French toast was perfect and the bacon was cooked just the way I like it, crispy but not overdone.  The waitress was able to keep up with us despite being fairly crowded.  Don't go here expecting a gourmet meal.  It's just a simple diner with a simple menu and simple dining ware.Decent food, but nothin special.  Sausage was a little dry, French toast was tastyService was HORRIBLE! My party and I sat down and were blatantly ignored by all servers. We even asked if someone was sitting in the seats we occupied when we first sat down and were told that they were open. The waitress walked and worked in front of us on many occasions, and didn't even acknowledge our presence. After 15 minutes of being ignored we walked out. Instead we went to Farmicia. Service was immediate upon sitting at our table.We were very disappointed. We got there and ordered breakfast right away, and then sat and waited for at least 30 minutes to get our food. The waitress never stopped back the whole time to check on us and see if we needed more beverages or anything.  
When the food came, it was just okay,  definitely nothing special. The toast was dry, and there was no offering of butter or jelly, and none in sight to grab.  I have to say I would never go back.We passed by Mrs. K's a few times over this weekend we were in Philly and decided to have breakfast here before we left. We were worried it would be really crowded (since we had seen it filled every time we walked by) but when we got there, there were plenty of stools for us (it was also 11ish on Labor Day so I guess we just missed the real breakfast crowd). The space itself has a retro soda shop kind of feel to it with cushioned stools and u-shaped counters.
My boyfriend and I both had 2 eggs with sausage and orange juice. I had mine over easy and he had his sunny side up. Both were cooked perfectly. Each plate also came with home fries and toast. For me, home fries are just cut up potato cubes that are sauteed with some seasoning but the home fries Mrs. K's served up was so much better than I was expecting. It was kind of gratin style with thinly sliced potato layers and lightly seasoned with salt. It was just delicious.
Overall, nothing was super special. It was just a nice home cooked kind of meal BUT in an area that is touristy, the prices were amazingly inexpensive (our bill came out to be about $15!) and totally worth going to again.As far as coffee shops go, I think this is a great one. It's clean, classic and the service was good. Ordered a classic bacon & eggs which was perfect. The potatoes were exactly how I like them (a little crispy).If you want to sit somewhere for 40 min and NEVER get your food this place is for you! God-awful service. Do not go to this place.This has to be the best breakfast spot. The food is cooked to perfection! I order from Mrs. K's 3 or more time a week and it's always consistent!!! and always Delish!!!!!  Love Mrs K'sThis place is da bizzomb !
Last two times I went to Philly I stayed in the Penn's Landing area, and both times I went to Mrs.K's for breakfast, and both times it was great.
1960's style diner, yummy greasy breakfast food  (eggs, belgian waffles, french toast, etc) , i wouldn't  recommend eating it everyday b/c it may clog your arteries but it is well done.
They also have OJ and bagels and english muffins and stuff for cheap prices if you don't want a real filling breakfast.
The "Push" and "Pull" signs on the door are funny. The push sign has a picture of 2 sumo wrestlers on it, and the pull sign has a guy with a rope pulling an elephant i thinkVery surprised with this place! Staff was great, good was excellent and not bad prices. Went away full and satisfied.After I missed my chance to try scrapple @ the Dutch Place, and freaked out by the fact that I was going to leave Philly without having had a bite of this infamous grub, I decided to stop by Mrs K's one morning prior to heading out. 
Glad I opted to order scrapple with egg in a sandwich rather than that on its on as I was famished.
Verdict: Let's just say I managed to check something off my Philly to do list. That was it. Scrapple to me seems to be bits of meat (I was told pork and corned beef) fried to such an extent, whatever made up that piece of thang didn't matter anymore. Fry anything up and it might just pass of as scrapple. Furthermore, concealed in the sandwich with the fried egg, it tasted just like any ordinary breakfast grub to me.I needed a place for a quick light breakfast on a Sunday morning. Mrs. K's was a good choice. Classic inner city establishment; not fancy but good food and fast service which was also good service.I had the worst experience at this place! The food is not that great to begin with and the manager does not know how to deal with customers.  The only reason why we ate there was because it was not crowded during lunch hours. I order a turkey swiss wrap which was horrible.  The lettuce looked old and the turkey was dry. I let the server know that the sandwich was not good and she was very nice about taking it back. Before I knew it the manager was standing in front of me.  She threw the plate down  with the sandwich that I returned and began to question why I returned the sandwich. I calmly explained to her that I didn't like the sandwich. That should have been the end of it right? No, that jerk continued to try to question what was it specifically that I didn't like about the sandwich which would have been fine if she didn't have an attitude and condescending tone. I repeated myself and told her that I just didn't like it, then she barks that she's sold plenty of these wraps and no one complained so what was my problem?! She was so rude! That has nothing to do with me if other people did not complain. I am not paying money for something that does not taste good! Nor should someone try to blame me because their food is nasty.  I didn't even switch my order because I felt so mistreated at this place and Lord knows what she might have done to my food in the back. Note to the owner...your so called manager is bad for business and making good customers never want to set foot in your restaurant ever again. She does not know how to deal with customers and she cheapens the whole establishment with her unprofessional attitude. My whole lunch time was wasted. I won't ever go back to this place again and I would never recommend Mrs. K's to anyone. Period!Food was good but the service was awful.  When I mentioned that I'd ordered sausage, the rude waitress grabbed the bacon right off my plate with her bare hand. It was so disgusting to watch, six people waiting for service left the restaurant.