Went once for Saturday morning breakfast. I liked the food and the busy feel of the diner, and was enjoying myself until I found a hair in my food. Can't go back now.Diner with decent food but slow service.  I got the waffle with banana and walnuts which was quite good, but the bacon was sub-par.  They brought our coffee with the meal instead of while we were waiting and never refilled it.  I would consider going back if I was not in a hurry.Food is good and reasonably priced. Our server was professional and attentive. It's seems that it's a popular spot, where patrons are patiently waiting. It was worth the short wait.This has been my number one breakfast spot for years... surprised i never left a review. ..
There are some waitresses who need some serious  customer service lessons but others who make it all worthwhile. 
Food is priced appropriately and sticks to you.I see the reviews are all over the place. I am a Philly kid so  I love these type of breakfast spots. Makes me feel at home. 
It's not a five star place but it's not trying to be. The owner is actually there and has a smile or joke for customers. Food came quick. I got the protein platter (eggs scrambled with spinach and cheese, bacon and turkey sausage) and a side of home fries. I thought it was delicious. 
I will be back!I love this place. The food is cheap and good. Is the service slow? Yes, sometimes, but who cares! The prices are so good that I'll let slow service slide. The place is well maintained and clean. The waitresses are always friendly and the owner always makes a point to say hello to everyone!Basic breakfast spot with most breakfast foods. The service is okay and the wait time is relatively quick. I've had their Belgian waffles with bananas and walnuts; it's pretty good. I do warn that you make sure you are paying what you ask for and that you know the prices of the items of add-ons as they seem to covertly ring the food bill higher. This has deterred my patronage .Three years after my first review and they're still amazing.  Cheap, fast, good, and friendly.  Can't beat that combination.Great breakfast in a quaint and homey atmosphere. We walked here for a late breakfast/brunch around 11 AM and it was bustling with activity. Instead of sitting at a table, we chose to seat at the counter with a view of the non-stop activity in the kitchen and grill. The staff was hopping and the mix of food aromas made us even hungrier. 
Their menu is quite extensive and we chose the protein platter with two eggs mixed with cheese and spinach, along with bacon, sausage and toast.  And of course, plenty of coffee.  It hit the spot quite nicely.   Meanwhile we admired the constant hustle and bustle of the kitchen. 
Cheap, plentiful, tasty and casual.Mediocre greasy spoon. Nothing to see here. 
I walked in for lunch one weekend and it was a weird vibe from the start. 
After a long wait I received the wrong food. Not someone else's order, just the wrong thing entirely. They did not correct the error. 
Also, although this spot "accepts credit cards" they do not allow tipping on them, so our waitress got stiffed on the tip (even with service this bad I would tip something, people need to eat).Had the salmon surf and turf burger. It was amazing. The tartar sauce was the best I have had. Nice little kick to it and the shrimp where big and juicy. Great burger I recommend it to any oneGood food, nice folks. Reasonable prices. I'll be back the next time I'm in the neighborhood.It took us a year to find this place so close to our house, and even then their name made it hard to find details.  We took the plunge this spring and were pleasantly surprised.
It's a seat yourself establishment so don't be bashful about sharing a table with some other fine folks.  Service is prompt and the french toast is strangely amazing for being just regular battered white bread.
Pro-tip:  Dodge the after church crowds, hit them up between 9a-11a on Sundays.Nice neighborhood spot to grab breakfast, busy but he staff handles it well! Friendly environment. I had the fish and grits, whiting fish was fried perfect, grits were not and creamy. scrambled eggs were good. For the price I would have expected it to come with toast at least.  Overall cool spotI stopped in for breakfast with a couple of friends this morning and really enjoyed my meal. I had one of the pancake platters with eggs and turkey bacon, and it was absolutely delicious. The waitress was very pleasant and very nice, someone we were very happy to tip. After the tip, all three of us ate for a total of $31.00. 
I agree with the previous poster that "this place really fills a niche in Mount Airy". There are very few restaurants left in the Mt. Airy/Chestnut Hill area that aren't expensive or trying to appeal to food critics and trends. Its a classic diner type place that I would take my grandparents to, or other broke college students like myself that want to get full but don't have money to waste. I hope it stays in business for a very long time.Stopped in for breakfast around 10:30 on a weekday.  They were doing a bustling business.  I sat at the counter...there is also table seating... and had a breakfast platter.  The service was fast and the food just what I ordered.  Simple and delicious...and they have grits!Food is delicious and service is great. Real turkey bacon and bomb silver dollar pancakes!!! Really great potatoes!Went here for breakfast with a big group of friends one day. The service was great! The food came out really, really quickly and the buttermilk pancakes were outstanding! Also, their sausage omelet was really good. A definite recommendation!The food was delicious and the staff was very friendly and helpful. I had breakfast food, and was surprised by how good it was. From the first bite of scrambled eggs I was shocked by how perfect they were. And the French toast was out of this world. It's not a fancy place, but that's not what I was expecting or what I wanted. I got a fantastic meal in a family-friendly environment all at a great price. We'll be back for sure.Service is "hit or miss", breakfast is okay. Nothing to write home about. Stick to basic menu items. The coffee is descent!The four stars are due to the food because everything we had was delicious, portions were great, and prices were very fair. The pancakes were some of the best I've ever had. Our server was nice but we weren't able to properly tip due to a "no tip on credit card" rule.
If I could separately rate the overall experience it would be two stars. The place was full of dirty tables with used cups all over, and the one we sat at was never properly wiped. They could use a designated bus boy. The way it's set up means you will eating at the same table with strangers, which can be nice to meet people but can also be awkward. So don't come expecting a 5 star experience but do expect great food.My husband and I absolutely love this spot for breakfast. It's not gourmet, but just your regular mom 'n pop diner, always bustling with people from the local community, where the servers know the regulars' names and the food is expertly cooked on flat top grills in full view of the counter seating. The teamwork is excellent, moving together as a team and pumping out plate after plate of in-house and take-out food, both of which seem equally busy. 
Omelets, french toast, pancakes, homefries, bacon, sausage, toast... all the breakfast staples are available. This morning I had the "Meat Lover" breakfast of rib-eye steak and eggs. Omelets come with a heaping helping of home fries. Prices are amazing, for around $10 you will be full of yummy food. The salmon steak looked delicious too, I might try that next time.
One thing I did not like was the sweetened iced coffee. I like iced coffee with a little sugar, but theirs is extremely sweet.When I first moved into my apartment complex I was very perplexed about what this place across the street actually was. Desperately in need of coffee before my drive to work, I stoped in at 6AM one morning (yay early hours)! 
It's a small diner run by a sweet woman and a few other folks. This place is always packed after 9AM on weekdays and every weekend. 
They offer a menu filled with breakfast and lunch options. I've ordered breakfast a couple of times from here and I'm never disappointed! Everything from waffles, eggs and sausage to pancakes, bacon and hash browns - it's all good!
This is a solid diner and the turnaround time for anything I've ordered has always been 15 minutes or less. They also offer a small variety of juices, sodas, and water and snacks/ desserts. 
If you're looking for a fancy breakfast restaurant, this won't be for you. If you're looking for a solid diner this is the place to go in West Mount Airy.Great breakfast, excellent service, and delicious kimchi!  This is the best diner in mt airy.  Also, very reasonably priced.Came here with my little sister for a late breakfast.upon coming it we were happily greeted with smiles and great smells. I got pancakes with turkey sausage and eggs, sissy got French toast with eggs and turkey sausage. And we shared some home fries. The food came quick and tasted delicious. Everyone was pleasant and nice, the place was clean and the atmosphere was positive.we sat n ate about an hour. My sissy commented on how good her french toast was n her eggs.I will definitely will be back n she wants to come from jersey to ginger everyday! Definitely a winner!!!If you're looking for a real diner in Mt Airy, go to Mt Airy Breakfast and Lunch (Trio). Their food is inexpensive and the service is fast. The Belgian waffles are always fluffy and hot!Wow was that bad service!
We stopped in today for breakfast at 9:30. There where three other tables, the waitress took our order fast. The food took 25 minuted to come to the table, we ordered eggs and waffles. 
This is an minor complaint but the toast and waffle came with melted butter on it, not on the side. I don't like waffles with butter
The waitress never once offered to refill our water or coffee once.Amazing pancakes! I travel a lot and have been to many breakfast places around the country. Their pancakes are great and the portion is a lot too. 
Recommended breakfast:
- basic breakfast platters
- roast beef special (so meaty)
- salads are also freah and large in portionLove Trio (or I guess Mt. Airy Breakfast & Lunch, as it seems to be called now). Anyway - whatever the name, it's my go-to spot for a big Sunday breakfast. I always order the same thing (Most Popular Platter - comes with eggs, home fries, toast and bacon) and it rarely disappoints. Local friends love it, out of town friends and family who visit love it. Walk in and seat yourself at tables or the counter. The waitresses are friendly and fairly efficient given how busy it usually is. Sundays are crazy packed once neighborhood churches get out. They also do take-out, but I've always eaten there. Must be good though, because there's always a line of people waiting up front to get their take-out orders. Eating there, our food is always out pretty quickly (although the toast always seems to take awhile longer). Overall, the food, service and prices are all good. Can't beat it!I got the hungry man breakfast. The cheese grits were really good. The cheese was melted in the grits so you get cheese in every bite. My girlfriend got an egg white omelette which she said was good. The one complaint I have is the home fries. They were bland and did not have much flavor. Bad home fries can kill breakfast. Overall good food besides the home fries.Ive been here twice. the food was amazing. waffles and omelettes are unbeatable. 
pretty happy with the service. the owner is super nice. portions are very generous. would definitely re-visit.Excellent Germantown neighborhood lucheonette. Note the 3:00 PM closing time, so do get there for lunch, not dinner. Somewhat limited on vegetarian options, but they have a respectable enough veggie burger, and everything is fresh. Very friendly, attentive staff. 
Korean family-owned, so what makes this special is not just that it does the classic US diner food so but they cross over to some Asian items, most remarkably their house-made kimchi. Don't eat here without getting a side order, and you'll have some to take home, too. Ironically, their front window sign refers to "fresh" Kimchi, which is kind of a contradiction in terms, as kimchi is fermented. But you get the point. This is the really good, fermented kimchi, not some spicy pickled, non-fermented cabbage pretending to be kimchi.I've been here a handful of times now. It is a great little diner, very inexpensive, very diverse, very friendly.
On the menu they have a little of everything, and don't miss all the specials taped on the window as you walk in... There is no specials list.
Try the beef bacon - a little different, good stuff.Well this place is regular casual diner.  Fast moving and friendly staff. The place is not a cozy place to eat your breakfast but there are plenty of  breakfast options and it's very affordable. I ordered an meat and vegetable omelette which was fantastic! The coffee was also refilled with no extra charge.Came in for Sunday Brunch and was very disappointed. First off the seating was very awkward and uncomfortable (they need a different layout). I ordered turkey bacon scrambled eggs with cheese and hash browns. I asked the server for one slice of cheese and my eggs came back smothered in cheese. I ate more cheese than egg! My friend ordered an omelette with a fruit salad. This is the kicker. Her entire fruit salad was covered in mold!! The first layer of fruit was fine but under that the mold was everywhere. She was so disgusted and couldn't even finish the rest of the food. The owner seemed like she didn't even care and offered just to take the price off the fruit off, which is unacceptable. We should have had her entire meal for free. I'm sure there were other moldy fruit salads in the back as well. Beware when you eat here people.I went to this restaurant for the first time today. I can't say enough about it! My "usual" place, the Trolley Town Diner, closed, so I needed another place to enjoy breakfast. I "Googled" breakfast places in Mount Airy and this came up. I agree with the great reviews. I walked in and was told to sit anywhere, so I did. I got waited on right away. Ashley was my server and was fantastic-she was pleasant and efficient. My coffee and water came about 2 minutes after I asked for them, and my main breakfast was served in less than 10 minutes! The breakfast was grits and scrambled eggs and sausage links. It was plenty of food and it was tasty. I recommend this restaurant, and I look forward to eating there again.Nice neighborhood spot to grab breakfast, busy but he staff handles it well! Friendly environment. I had the fish and grits, whiting fish was fried perfect, grits were not and creamy. scrambled eggs were good. For the price I would have expected it to come with toast at least.  Overall cool place to pick up a quick bit to eat in Germantown right below Chesnut Hill. Very busy but seems clean and friendly staffAlways good food good crowd its like cheers, everybody knows one another and mom with her staff makes you feel rite at home in her kitchen.Great little neighborhood breakfast spot. Super reasonable prices, great service and good food.I love this place and you can never go wrong with anything you choose. My go to's are the Salmon Garden Salad and their French toast platters for breakfast..Best salmon cakes and grits ever! Nice homey neighborhood crowd. Feel like I'm in New York right in Germantown.This place really fills a niche in Mount Airy.  It's always busy, but never a problem getting a table and the servers are friendly and prompt.  The menu is pretty standard fare, but the salads, burgers, and sandwiches we've tried so far have all been great.  Love the turkey salad sandwich.I have been coming to this diner for years. The food is priced well, it's good, and the quality is on par for what you would expect for a similar establishment. The owner Mrs. Kim is always polite and respectful.Pretty basic breakfast but never a let down and super cheap. Go here when we don't feel like making breakfast and can get a cheese and egg on english muffin for $2. Nothing fantastic by any means but it works. They serve Korean dishes as well but have yet to try them.The food here is always fresh, always delicious, generous portions and servers who really know what they're doing. I've had an omelette with fresh spinach for breakfast and a veggie sandwich for lunch. Excellent preparation. And I always pick up a container of kimchi on my way out.The order was chicken wings and Chili. 6 whole wings. $18.00. Check the price. My mistake.
Took 1/2 hour. At 2pm. Maybe it's just a good breakfast spot.THE FOOD AT THIS PLACE IS BAR NONE AWESOME!!!!!!
WITH THAT SAID.......the service HOWEVER IS equally HORRIBLE. My family and I have visited this place no less than 1-2 wknds a month before writing this review. At any given point it may take 5-10 min to be seated in an empty restaurant. It may also take another 5-7 min on drinks(WATER) and the food may take longer supposedly bc it's all cooked from scratch. When you get it it's hot and good but you may be missing items. I would assume the owners are also the servers and chefs. Sadly we have come to the decision to no longer patronize this establishment. I would recommend a managing partner to help with customer serviceThis place is a big B (small L), and a must whenever I'm hungry for savory breakfast in Mount Airy; Mrs. Kim, the owner, always greets everyone with the best smile.  During the week, the breakfast sandwich is made with at least two eggs (it comes cut in half and I usually heed that serving suggestion) and it is all of the buttery-crispy-fluffy that I NEED for breakfast.  On the weekend, my boyfriend and I combine orders of Doc's Special (creamed chipped beef over toast with over-easy egg, sub home fries for waffle) and Protein Lover's (two omelet-style eggs with spinach, bacon and sausage) for the ultimate, guilty, gravy-all-over Sunday.I love this place. Definitely the best diner in Mt Airy, if not all of NW Philly, if not all of Philly. Everyone is so nice and the food is just divine. I love the French toast.Okay. So my daughter and I went here, after seeing the amount of stars it received on Yelp. 
We were told to find a seat, by the lady behind the counter, which we did.
Took just a little bit for us to be waited on. The coffee was very good. I ordered French toast, grits and beef sausage, which came in mild or hot. I ordered mild because it was too early for spiciness on my tummy. Why, dear Lord, did the cold bring me two split HOT DOGS!! At first I was so in disbelief I just stared. It looked like a hotdog, felt like a hotdog and dog gone it( don't excuse the pun) tasted like a hot dog. When I told the young waitress it was indeed a hot dog, she said " yes, that's what a mild beef sausage is." It took everything in me not to say, " now would you honestly serve your mom or grandmother this?" I was so outdone . So I asked her to just bring me some bacon. She started to take my whole plate but my daughter intervened and said no. She brought back the bacon and that was good. The grits were good, though the cheese in it were slices of American cheese food. I was impressed with the creaminess of them. The French toast was heavily dusted with cinnamon. Not so great. One of the guys( an Asian gentleman) was very friendly. However, I have no desire to return.Thee go to Sunday breakfast spot!  You can't miss it there's lights on the window and all kinds of stuff.  The seating is family style but the breakfast is all that.  The pancake platter is my usual but I've been there so many times I've tried just about everything on the menu. The service is pretty consistent, can't complain.  I'll be there on Sunday.This place is small but the prices and food are good.
My partner and I had breakfast here on a Sunday morning. We arrived shortly after 10am and after checking in at the counter, we sat down at an open table.
This place only takes cash but there is an ATM inside that charges a fee of $2 or you can go next door to the Credit Union to use that atm.
It was very crowded so it took the waitress some time to get to us to take our order and then a bit of a wait to get our food but it was worth it.
We plan to come back and try other options on the menu.I've been to so many breakfast places and I wasn't overly impressed overall with the food service and cleanliness. 
I feel like they have "stuff" everywhere. They sell sodas, medicine, pastries, and then you have the bar and table seating areas where you can take your order. The coffee is ok, nothing really special. The food was ok. I could have had better pancakes. 
I watched the cook make the food and I don't know if it was weird or not but he just stacked all the plates on top of one another (with food on it). He was basically smashing all the food with other plates. I don't want the bottom of a plate touching the food I'm about to eat. Also at one point during my breakfast I viewed someone take out raw bacon from the fridge, put it on the cutting board, then throw it into a bin to be cooked. the same girl then took two toasted bread slices and then put them on the same cutting board where the raw uncooked meat was! That was enough for me not to eat my toast that came with my meal. it was off putting sigh. 
overall the food was, but so many inconsistencies and things that made me feel uneasy so I do not know if I'll return.Interesting place. Stays busy and the food is average but good place to get a quick bite. Take out is best because it's crowded and disorganized inside.We went on a Friday morning. They had a long take out line and a few tables. We found a seat. Fast, friendly, and delicious. Large menu. My father loved the grits. I was thrilled with the extra crispy turkey bacon. 
We were lucky to get a close parking spot for my 86 year old Dad. 
We are looking forward to going again.I ordered through DoorDash. The driver places my order when he arrives to the restaurant. So everything arrived fresh and hot. 
I don't know how to really review this place. So many things went wrong with this order. Due to miscommunication on the app. 
For one, I hate butter with a passion. I had a big glob of butter on my soggy waffle. I tried to wipe it off as much as I could but it just smeared it over the rest of the waffle. 
While ordering, they just state pork, beef, turkey on DoorDash. I didn't realize that pork meant bacon. I tried to order pork sausage with my breakfast combo and a side of pork sausage. I don't even know if they actually have pork sausage. I surly didn't think it meant bacon though, I know that much. 
So my food arrives with a ridiculous amount of bacon. Because, well, that's what I ordered I guess (miscommunication). Nobody in his house is going to eat that. It went into the garbage. 
So now my son won't eat the bacon and he's turned off by the sogginess of the waffle. He literally gagged. He had a weird thing with textures hence why he doesn't like bacon. 
The chicken noddle soup, I have no idea why it's so oily. The bag it came in was so slick with oil from it spilling during the delivery. Who puts oil in soup? It's homemade and has zero flavor. I'm convinced they didn't use anything to flavor the broth, they were just relying on the oil and chicken/veggies to give it flavor. It failed. 
My stomach is so upset after 3 bites of soup. So, that's going in the garbage as well. 
The only thing that hasn't been tried is the eggs. I can't imagine that's the saving grace to my $20 breakfast (after delivery fee/tip).    
After reading some of the other reviews on cleanliness, I got extremely worried for my son due to his health conditions. I would never ever order from here again.After recently moving into the area. I decided I would go out exploring for a quick take out breakfast spot after dropping my daughter of at school. 
So Mt. Airy breakfast is where I found myself. The food was priced reasonable and actually pretty tasty. Which is why I gave three stars. 
However, the service was pretty bad for a weekday around 8:30am. And I can't say it was bad because it was crowded. It was a "Empty bad" if you understand lol. The place was pretty empty, I had one person in front of me for take out. Once that person was checked out. I basically waited at the front for about 15mintues. While the young lady with the color in her hair working  the register, went to flirt with the Police Officer that was dinning in. Customer service is key and some places still don't understand that. She clearly didn't mind wasting my time. So I won't make that mistake again and waste my time stopping in.Mount Airy Breakfast and Lunch is a nice little breakfast spots in the northwest area. They have an all female staff there and they specialize in decent omelettes. It is a small spots filled with workers and local neighborhood folk. It's a very clean spot with good service and they have a rather large menu.
 I ordered a club omelette which is just like the sandwich filled with turkey, bacon, tomato and served with crusty, toasted bread. It was very tasty! However, if this place decides to do a coffee do over, I would gladly give them 4 star.I stumbled across this restaurant on Yelp when my first choice has either 'bit the dust' or has altered hours. No matter Mt Airy Breakfast and Lunch was the perfect replacement! Parking was better than I imagined as there was available space out front AND they have a WHAT??? A PARKING LOT! Good start that got better. 
The inside is not much to get excited about just your basic old school style 'luncheonette' of the 2000's and slightly cleaner. LMBO... Many customers call their orders in, pick up to go. This restaurant is busy on all fronts pick up, orders to go and dine in. With one sister managing it all except the register (of course!). She is managing the to go orders, dine in all with a pleasant manner. I mean she moves quickly NOT RUSHED, she knows her customers their orders. I was amazed as I watched her recite each one correctly. 
As for the food, totally happy. My pancakes were fluffy a nice golden brown  with crispy not overly cooked bacon and the eggs were scrambled nicely not over cooked or dry. The prices are different than the menu but they let you know in advance. Didn't matter! My meal was less than $10, well worth it.
Great service and good food, I will make this stop again and soon!Delicious breakfast sandwiches! We got bacon, egg and cheese on a plain bagel. The bacon was crisp and delicious, egg was fluffy, and the bagel was soft and very tasty! We have been looking for a good breakfast sandwich place for some time, especially one open on a Sunday, and this is it! Also the staff was very friendly when we picked up our food. Will definitely be back again!