Ok, so where do I start... How about when my husband, daughter and I walked in and was not greeted by the cashier. She was too busy on her phone. We had never been here before and didn't know what to order. We ended up with some wraps and a rice dish with chicken. The dishes were meh, something I could have made at home for much less. Definitely will not be back here and will make sure to tell all about the treatment of the staff here. The brother in the back was cool though!!I have eaten here twice.  Both times the food was tasty, but not so much that I am a regular.  Last time i was there I asked what was in the secret/no carb sauce and nobody seems to want to provide that info.  I don't want the recipe.  I would just like to know what I am eating.  The wait that day was long even though they were not crowded.  That gave me time to watch the food prep and it sadden me to see that most of what I saw was reheating already prepared food in a microwave.  Microwaves and health just don't go together for me.I had lunch at Muscle Maker Grill today and it was delicious!  I had the MMG Signature Wrap which was quite tasty and it included a Caesar Salad which was delicious and only 53 calories!!  I also had a cup of Chicken Gumbo and it was so good I had another.  
I highly recommend their food and the staff was wonderful.  Lots of staff and all friendly and accommodating.  I will definately come back.
Deborah Carasso
Unique Invitations by Deborah
www.invitationsbydeborah.comWell first my girlfriend called the wrong location but they contacted the closest one to us and got the order placed.  The food was great and very filing. Watch out though the western fries are potatoes with a spicy salsa on themGreat place to grab healthy bite post or pre workout, or even just to fill a big appetite.I'm downgrading my review because of the POOR SERVICE, not the food.
I came back to MMGand tried the Rocky Balboa sandwich which was made with grilled chicken and turkey meatballs.  It was pretty good but the chicken wasn't well done like I had asked.
No surprise that the chicken wasn't done because the employees taking the orders act like your inconveniencing them when you walk in. The girl working at the front had MAJOR attitude (I didn't get her name but she was wearing a headscarf) and would not honor a coupon I had because she said they "don't take those anymore".
I'll only come back if I am desperate for a quick and healthy meal, but I'm not rushing.Great healthy food, quick delivery but cashier needs some extra training on packing orders correctly! We order from them a few times a month and requested (and paid extra) sauce always missing, so annoying..I have come to Muscle Maker more times than I can count for food. I tend to stick with the BBQ wrap or some of their wraps and have enjoyed their food almost every time. I love that there is visibility to the  calorie information and other nutrition information (through their website). Most of the time the food is fairly good for a fast service type place. Occasionally I have gotten broccoli that wasn't properly drained but it's not a big deal because it is still cooked well. 
Muscle Maker is in an awesome location and easy to get too. The facility itself isn't the most cleanly or organized but I don't have too high of expectations for what I consider "fast food". I have never had to wait more than 15 minutes for food and most that comes out is of good quality. 
Bonus: the to-go containers are good to reuse for anyone that does their own food prep or are recyclable if you aren't going to reuse them.This place is a quick stop kind of place. We've been by it a lot and decided to give it a shot last night.
My first reaction upon entering was ugh no. My wife is a very healthy eater, I try to be but I like good food. The first thing I noticed was the guy throwing chicken in the microwave, yuck! Against my wishes we stayed anyway as we wanted a quick meal. My wife ordered the steak el Mexicana rice bowl. It looked very good and it was a huge portion, but sadly it was mostly rice. I ordered the Tex mex fajita wrap. It was just okay, there weren't any fresh peppers and onions. It was just chicken, cheese and salsa. It was just okay, nothing special. We also ordered a small side of edamame. The food lack flavor and seems to be one note. The use a lot of what seems to be jar salsa, doesn't seem freshly made. My wrap was warm but ice cold in the center. The prices are also very high. Two meals and a side came to $33.00, Chipotle is half the price for the same concept.
Overall it was just okay. The place could use a good cleaning! Seems a bit on the dirty side, they do have an open kitchen. Bottled water and soda are very expensive, they do not offer fountain(strange). I don't think we would make a special trip to stop again. 2 stars all day.On the advice of a staffer at the Giant Supermarket in the same complex, I came here for a to-go meal after working out.  They had some blips which need to be worked out and I attribute it to only being open about a couple of weeks now.
When I was there about 8PM there still was a steady flow of people coming (or were they for the less Muscle Maker Vince's Pizza next door?)  The cashier overcharged me because he keyed in an additional shrimp instead of substitute shrimp.  But before I could say something, the manager had questioned the order as additional or substitution.  When it was clarified, the manager had to show the cashier what he should have done and I got the difference back.
They then thought I was a sit-in not take out so that had to be fixed.
The kitchen's register tape got messed up so no orders were printed for 10 minutes, and the staff had to ask patrons what they ordered to have it keyed in again to run to the kitchen (which really was only a few feet away).
I also heard the manager tell a staffer the shakes were not being made properly.
Anyway, let's talk food.  They serve Fit Salads, Wraps, Sandwiches, Pasta, Guiltless Entrees, Low Carb, Protein Shakes and Smoothies.  The menu tells how many calories are in each selection.  They use low-fat cheese, and you can sub shrimp or fish in almost anything with another meat in it like chicken.  I had a "Godfather" which @ 335 calories includes Chicken Breast, portabella mushrooms, red roasted peppers, reduced fat mozzarella, gluten and fat-free balsamic dressing on top of broccoli.  As I said before I got the shrimp instead.
When I got home, I felt that although tasty, it was nothing special that I could have made better myself.  The shrimp were a bit overcooked, the broccoli undercooked (and not that much compared to the picture in the menu), and there was too much dressing on it.  It was not bland, but not popping with flavor.
Overall, I like the concept, and it seemed there were other healthy conscious people coming in and out.  3 stars for now, but it could turn into 4 if the problems are fixed.  I would also want to try some of the other options on the menu.I have been a big muscle maker fan since I moved to Philadelphia 11 months ago. I never write reviews but I have been in the food business in the past and know how things should be done and the new owner Shawn at muscle maker grill knows how it should be done.                                             Since the new owner Shawn has taken over service has been awesome from the way his employee's greet you when you call in an order to the quality of there food. If you live a busy healthy lifestyle like me always on the go you can't go wrong with muscle maker grill and the new owners will definitely treat you right. I can eat and order food from any where but for quality and great courteous service I choose muscle maker grill thank you Shawn for doing it how it is supposed to be done great job!I've been here a few times. I am a fan of the under 400 calorie meals. Last time I got a $7 Caesar salad, that was more like a $4 salad. Had the XXL turkey burger wrap today. They were out of the low carb wrap. It was basically mushy turkey on a wrap, I wouldn't recommend it. The chili everyone talks about was not good. The side $2.99 Caesar salad was ok, you kinda can't mess That up. I think I'm gonna stick to the Champion Pasta, Penne Vodka sauce, and teriyaki meals. They could do better. Also delivery was 50 minutes. They need a make your own bowl option. So you can build if to your specs.I was baffled by the vast menu that Muscle Maker's has to offer. I was referred here by a friend, so I decided to give it a try. I got the "Godfather" which was a big piece of chicken breast overtop broccoli and peppers. It was gluten-free, delicious, and great for a post-workout meal. I love the fact that more health conscious places are becoming more popular in not-so-healthy areas.My first few trips I thought it was just ok but lately I've been trying more items from the menu and I must say this location is worth stopping in for something easy on the go or a quick sit down. ( tv's are a bit loud so don't try to chat too much )I don't know why people neg this place into oblivion because of coupon issues, delivery, etc....it should be about the food. This is a TAKE-OUT, quick, order-at-the-counter type place, and it should be already known that delivery and service might not be the greatest at times, especially if they're busy. You're not paying for service here, I don't know why people expect such greatness. Clearly those complaining are the stuck-up, annoying, unappreciative customers that have never worked in food service before. Give these guys a break!
With that said, this place is absolutely awesome. It's cheap...not dollar menu cheap, but whole meal under $10 cheap, extremely fast, healthy, and made with real ingredients. I've never had anything bad from this place. The rocky balboa wrap is usually my go to, but the premium burger is quickly becoming my favorite. All the pastas, salads, and even the chicken nuggets are awesome as well. The shakes seem nice, but are a bit pricey so I haven't tried them yet. All in all, MMG is a great way to get some quality eats in fast without feeling like dying afterwards. Top notch.
Bottom line, give these guys business! There's nowhere else out there that's like this place. Officially now my go-to lunch spot these days. No point in eating fast food when this place is around.
I also feel I should give a shout out to the employees working there, I've always gotten great service, not to mention my food is always ready super fast, no matter what. I usually order on my drive home (coming from the city during rush hour) so sometimes I get there before I anticipated and I've never had to wait.
Eat here!I give this place no stars honestly, it was my first time there and I had an absolutely horrible experience. First I ordered a Tex Mex wrap with steak was told there is no steak today, okay no big deal! Next I ask for spinach oh well we cannot saltee anything this late, I entered the building at 7:45 pm on a Friday. I was there with 7 and a six month old people and altogether we spent $80. Half of us received our food ate and all and 3 of us were still waiting for our food. People walked in and out after us and ordered their food received it within 10 minutes. It was 8:40 by the time we received our food. When we received our food my friend was irritated so she said over a half an hour later. My friend who is allergic to beans received my wrap and I received hers. When we asked for a refund the Manger told us no and started arguing with us. Never have I ever been treated like this at any place I have ever been to, especially somewhere I have never been. He told us no you did not wait that long and started screaming, we were the only people left still waiting for 3 wraps. I turned around 10 minutes before they gave us our food and saw the 3 wraps sitting on the counter and they were just standing all the way in the back. I will make sure to tell all of my family and friends to never eat here! We were also going to buy cheesecake cookies and protein shakes after our meal. After that I will keep my money and never in my life go back. I was so disrespected. HORRIBLE PLACE!!!!!!!!!!DON'T EVER GO!!!!!!!!!!The food is really health and tast good you can't go wrong with that people are nice and frendleyGuilt-free "fast food" at low prices!!! GREAT location; in the same complex as LA Fitness. Thankfully, since it's surrounded by such fattier options (Vincents Pizza, Five Guys burger, Nifty Fifties diner, & Chick-Fil-A), I RAN to this place! The staff was SO very polite & helpful. My food was done super fast & was still hot by the time I arrived home. The Santa Fe wrap is EVERYTHING! Tons of protein (no skimping on the meat!!), spice & loads of flavor!! I, like other reviewers, regret not getting the 100%fruit fruit smoothie! I'll also have to try the protein shake! I wanted FOOD, so shakes & smoothies were the last thing on my mind! LolAwesome food! In an area where no one has healthy options, these guys have given you something mostly guiltless and delicious!The food is a bit tasteless and made for "bulk" conditions it seems. This place would really benefit from a visit from a culinary student who can inject some low/no calorie flavor into their dishes.Decided to call in and request a delivery the first day the restaurant opened.  Big mistake, as the guy on the other end of the phone needed me to spell everything I said, and I ended up with grave doubts that the items we ordered would be the items we would receive.  Thankfully, I was wrong.  The delivery was speedy and the order accurate.  Sadly, the food was only good, my Veggie wrap was heavy on the carrots, and not very flavorful, the chicken sandwich was only slightly better, and we both abandoned our baked potato sides after one bite.Muscle Maker Grill is a great option if you need something quick and are trying to stay dedicated to eating better. I tried the Cajun Chicken Pasta at the recommendation of the owner and felt it was pretty good. Good portions, and tasty. It takes a little while for the food to come out, I waited about 10-15 minutes after ordering so it's not necessarily "fast food" by definition. I'll definitely go back though!First off, there's no beans in the rice and beans. If there's no beans in the rice and beans, why do they call them rice and beans? What? I found that extremely odd, and had I been in a more argumentative mood that day I might have brought it up to the staff. However on this particular day I was distraught and starving, so I just scarfed down my beanless brown rice and left.
I really like the idea of this place, and it's clear they make a killing in business due to the gym right around the corner. It was packed the day I went, and I feel they need to expand their seating options since there was so little of it. Unsure what to get I went with the Rocky Balboa wrap, and while it was not amazing, it was edible. My main complaints are that the grilled chicken was dry and the meatballs were overly soggy. Oddly when combined they played off each other's faults and made an okay sandwich. Keep in mind the sandwich is fairly 'dry' because they only throw in a little bit of tomato sauce. I understand that to cut down on carbs and fat you can't have too much sauce, but if that's the case there needs to be some other method of adding a bit of moisture to the sandwich. You get a fair portion size for the price, and in fact I was unable to finish my wrap due to the size. People who've just worked out will love this place; huge portions of relatively healthy food.
I think I will have to come back an experience more. The beanless rice and lack of seating put a bit of a bad taste in my mouth but I feel like maybe on a less crowded day it might be better. Overall a pretty average place.It's ok. Just ok.  It isn't as fresh as I thought. A little pricey for not being fresh, IMO. But better then stopping at a fast food burger joint. If your not in the mood for a greasy burger and want some different options, then this a decent spot to check out.Haven't had a bad experience to date. I really enjoy the Sante Fe wrap with Chicken, yes it's healthier food so not everything on the menu is a rockstar but for the purpose of food for fuel in a pinch this is a really great option.I love there is a healthy fast food option in the area. I have never had a bad meal or service there. You do have a slight weight since it's all freshly prepared. There are plenty of options for anyone depending on their diet, lo carb, salads, pastas, wraps.I was super ecstatic to finally try this place!
Then I tried their food and drinks. Lesson learned: Don't expect too much from a chain that promises fast, healthy food that ALSO taste delicious. The timeliness of the food was indeed quick. The food was in fact healthy with lots of proteins and little fat. I tried the Rocky Balboa wrap with turkey meatballs and grilled chicken. It wasn't horrible but  I think the majority of us health-conscious foodies can make it much tastier. The sides of brown rice was okay. 
Service: We came 15 minutes before closing and they surely let us know that. They also forgot to make our strawberry protein shake (blah) until the manager had to remind to them. 
If you're thinking of coming here, tamper your expectations and maybe you'll have a better experience than I did.Well muscle maker you sure did disappoint this time. Delivery was an hour late, the food was dried out and cold. Ended up not eating it and bought a pizza instead. Will never order from this store again.The wraps and meals are good.  They offer some healthier sides than most places which is good.I think this place is awesome! I recently moved from Indianapolis to Philadelphia and I was looking for a good place to order out from. Found this restaurant through Yelp and I ordered.  Let me say, the food is worth the wait. Though the wait was about 30-40 mins for delivery it was absolutely delicious. I had the premium burger and salad and all of it was fresh and cooked just the way I wanted it. Also, the turkey chili is great! It's got a real hearty flavor to it and it also filling. Portion sizes are perfect. Not too much nor too little. Haven't tried much of the menu but I'm definitely going to order out a lot more from this place so I can sample all that it has to offer!I want to like this place. I really do.
Every item I order from here has a strange taste that those who have eaten low-fat tv dinners (Lean Cuisine) will definitely recognize. You could just pick one up from Wal Mart and get the same quality of food and save yourself a few bucks.Great food, a lot of protein and it always fills me up. The staff is friendly, the food comes quick and the place always looks clean!So I was hungry and looking for a new place to order dinner from. I've heard wonderful reviews about this place so I decided to try it. I ordered the grilled chicken sandwich with turkey bacon, low-fat cheese and pasta salad. I must say it was absolutely delicious. I was a little nervous because I heard the delivery can take a while but it was delivered promptly and the delivery guy was very nice. I'm looking forward to trying other things from their menu. 2 Thumbs up from this happy customer.I have been ordering delivery through grub hub from mmg for a while. I usually pay and tip with my credit card or cash. Today I place an order and they say that I owe them money from previous order. How is that even possible? If your delivery man is stealing money, it is not my fault.The idea is healthy fast food. However, its not that fast and its not terribly healthy. They do have a bunch of interesting options, and its MUCH healthier than any other typical fast food. Its decent - just on taste alone, I'd give it 3 stars. But I give them an extra star for the effort.Twice they've screwed up an order I placed on line. Twice I've asked for a low carb wrap and a side of spinach; charged both times and then I get home; no spinach & no low carb wrap. This location is not close to me & would take another 15 to drive back too. So thanks for nothing really.I want to like this place much more than I do. But I've been disappointed a few times at this point.
Most recently I ordered the turkey burger wrap with a side of cucumber salad and an order of edamame. The wrap was iced cold. I'm convinced the turkey chop meat was pre-cooked and then just heated in the microwave - and not well enough. Both the cucumber and the edamame were far from fresh, and really disappointing. Delivery was fast.I like having a healthy option for take out, however when I went to pick up food last week they forgot to place my order (which happens) but the cashier girl was miserable. Like really miserable, to the point of rude. I do enjoy the food though.Very courteous.  Food that's on the healthier side.  Let you know the calorie counts of most things.  Great especially after a workout.The Court at Grant is finally starting to get some new and interesting places businesses. One of them is the Muscle Maker Grill. they bill themselves as a healthier alternative to fast food. If I had to categorize them, they remind me of a place like Baja Fresh or Chipotle. However, instead of Mexican styled foods, they serve a bit of an American variety. They have a mixed of fresh ingredients and some pre-prepared and/or packaged items. Nothing is deep fried, everything is either baked, boiled or grilled.
When you walk in, the Muscle Maker Grill has a nice modern look to it. The place was very clean, had enough tables to accommodate a busier lunch time as well as some counter space to eat at. Staff was very friendly, explained the menu thoroughly and told us what has been the best sellers at other franchise locations. The Menu is mixed with rice and pasta dishes, wraps, soups and various side dishes. 
My wife and I ordered a few different things and split them up to have a taste of the different things they offered. We had a wrap (the Rocky Balboa), a rice based entree (the Mexicana with steak) a Western Potatoes for a side dish and a protein shake. The wrap was good, not great. It contained turkey meatballs, grilled chicken, low fat Mozarella and marinara. The meatballs were a bit light on the seasonings, making it a little bland, but the chicken and marinara were good. The potatoes had great flavor. they were large chunks of potato cooked in a salsa based sauce. However, the potatoes were a little under cooked. Not a major problem, as I said, the flavor was really fantastic. The Mexicana dish, however, really won us both over. The steak, which at first appeared to be large chunks, turned out to be super tender. The pieces were seasoned well and just melted in your mouth. That was a really nice surprise and totally unexpected from here. The rice and beans in the dish were perfectly cooked and the dish stayed warm for the drive home, so we didn't have to reheat. Oh, and the Mexicana was extremely large. Both my wife and I were able to get 2 meals out of it, making it a great value for the money.
Overall, I'll definitely be going back. they have a few kinks to work out with a few of the dishes, but the place is full of potential. The friendly staff and the good flavors won me over. Definitely a great alternative to the greasier food found in the same plaza and surrounding area.First timer - maybe I got them on a bad day but the delivery took about an hour and a half which is completely unacceptable. The food arrived cold and completely flavorless, healthy food doesn't have to be bland. I got the Cajun chicken and Penne and for $10 the portion was pretty small. I will probably eat here again, because I'd like to give the wraps a try but I'll never order delivery or get the pasta again.I ordered from this place via GrubHub for the first time two weeks ago. My food ended up being an hour and a half late and very cold. It was potatoes so heating it up wasn't great. I called and asked for a refund and a manager told me that they could instead offer me a free meal next time I called.
When I called back today, I inquired about my free meal. The manager seemed to not believe me and gave me a hard time about the free meal that I was promised. Eventually, he gave in and let me order my meal, which I scheduled for a 2:00 PM delivery. It showed up at nearly 3 PM. It was nearly cold and I needed to heat it up much like last time.
It did not taste fresh. The food was fine, but not worth the price nor the frustration.Impossible burger was good,  but my fiance's Mexican bowl was ice cold. We asked them to warm it up, and they were really rude about it. No apology...slid the plate back on the table, walked away. Not busy, 3 other customers maybe.
I'll make impossible burgers at home,  thx.Great healthy, high protein food!! I am taking away a star as I believe the service to be a tad slow and the prices a little high. I love the visibility into the calories, protein and fat content on their entrees.  I wish the wraps were slightly bigger for the price but non the less they fill you up. I ordered the BBQ Chicken wrap, italian salad, and XXL turkey burger wrap here. The BBQ wrap is very good and the chicken they use id very high quality. They definately load the wrap with a lot of chicken. The XXL Turkey burger wrap was not as we thought- it portrayed more of a burrito as the meat was grounded and wet, we thought since it was called a burger wrap it would be the grounded burger patty chopped up to fit in the wrap but it is not. 
Despite the cheeseburger wrap Muscle Man grill is very clean and tasty so I would definately recommendI've eaten here twice and enjoyed my meal both times. When someone eats take out almost every night when working late hours, you get pretty sick of food in general. I liked the fact that ordering here I knew I was definitely eating something healthier and something closer to what I would put together for myself at home. 
The smoothies are delicious. I got the mango tropics smoothie with protein and loved it. It tastes like the mango water ice from Rita's... so i don't know how in the world it's good for you, but hey I'm not complaining!!
I also had the teriyaki chicken nuggets which were also pretty good. I'm only giving three stars because I've only tried a limited number of things from the menu and nothing has been over the top wow for me, but it's definitely a place I'd be interested in going back to. I like their business model and the way the present clean eating so I'm down with the healthy vibes!Since I see the manager is reading these,   I'd like to add that when we came in to order, nobody even looked up to greet us and then the gentleman behind the counter looked really irritated because we didn't know what we wanted and instead of helping us or making suggestions he pulled out his phone and started to text. To be honest your menu is pretty confusing because the paper menu you have on the counter is different than the one on the wall.... We were trying to figure out all the different things that you guys had and nobody seemed to really wanna help us navigate the menu. 
The staff didn't smile one time when we were there... Felt like we were bothering them with our order.  I would think for new concept restaurant you would have enthusiastic people working there.Using Grubhub, I placed an order with Muscle Maker Grill, which was noted to be 3.5 miles from my house. After 90 minutes and not receiving the order, I called MMG. The girl did not seem to want to answer my question. A nearby male told her to tell me I live too far away. The girl then told me I am outside their 5-mile delivery area. I said told her I am 3.5 miles away. I then explained to the manager, a young-sounding male, that I am within the delivery area. He said his driver told him I am 7 miles away. He said I could pick the order up. I expressed my immense displeasure with the handling of the situation, and then canceled the order.I ordered through grub hub and this was my first time having it. Omg first off the presentation was really nice and the portions were nice. The food tasted amazing. I'm not a fitness person or anything but I'd order from here again in a heart beat.First off, not fast. Wasn't a big deal, but my order took about 10 minutes and a place that calls themselves quick-serve, this was not quick. It's healthier than fast food, but it's not healthy. I got the Godfather (chicken, mushrooms, peppers, broccoli) and none of it seemed fresh, the chicken was rubbery and bland. Was very excited to find a new quick-serve healthy spot like a Real Food Eatery (which is 5 stars all day everyday) but this failed completely. Again, if you're looking for a "healthier" option, go for it, but in today's nutrition climate this place is definitely not something I would recommend to someone looking for a healthy meal.I order through  the app which uses Grub Hub.  When I placed the order it said it would be delivered in 30-50 minutes.  I live door to door 1.9 miles. About 10 minutes in the deliver time changed to deliver in 50 to 70 minutes.  I called the grub hub customer contact number at 80 minutes. I was hung up on twice and then after 120 minutes I called back and told them to give me my money back.  I suggest Muscle Maker Grill keep an eye on Grub Hub's service and consider another option.  Grub Hub will cost them business.  I won't use them again through Grub Hub.Don't come here for the atmosphere! It's Saturday morning, college football is on everywhere, and this place that caters to the health conscious who generally like sports doesn't even have the TV's turned on. It's awkwardly quiet in here and I will not be back.This location is terrible the last couple times I've order it was disgusting! I wanted to give them the benefit of the doubt because the food was great in the past but this will be my last time ordering.. my food was so burnt and cold I couldn't even eat it, the cheese wasn't even melted, it was also thrown all over in the box.. and the last time I ordered the flatbread they put the most random toppings on it, it was like a completely different meal, it's like they grabbed any toppings that were left and threw something together. If you love muscle maker like I do I 100% recommend the other location downtown.Ordered my food at 7:30 and it didn't get to me until 9:25. My smoothie had already melted and my sesame chicken pasta (with added grilled shrimp) was cold not to mention it only had 4 little pieces of chicken. Never again.Went here for a smoothie and while the guy behind the desk was nice enough,  explaining they have an all natural smoothie,  it's still made from liquified concentrate.   It just didn't taste good and cost me nearly ten bucks.HORRIBLE. 
This was my first time ordering from this place and it was terrible. I got delivery to my office because I was working.
Not only did they get my name utterly and completely wrong after I spelled out my first AND last name twice, they completely left out my extention which I gave them as well.
It took 45 minutes to deliver and the food was COLD. The cheese on my BBQ chicken wrap wasn't even melted.
On top of that my order was almost completely wrong.
I ordered this wrap with a cucumber salad and they threw in a sad, cold baked potato instead.
My overpriced fruit smoothie was wrong as well. I ordered a Pinapple and they put down Pina Colada.
If I could give negative stars, I would.
Thank you for wasting my $15. Much appreciated.I ordered two juices and it just tasted like sugar water. I couldn't even finish it and threw it out. Will never order juice from here again. AwfulI really wanted to like this place, but I just couldn't. Delivery was very slow, waited an hour and a half for my food and when the guy finally arrived he had forgotten the smoothie I ordered. I ordered a mango smoothie, rocky balboa wrap w/ spinach, and a slice of cheese cake. The wrap was awful,I couldn't finish it. The cheese cake was good, the only thing I could eat. I'm guessing the smoothie was good, but I never got it (I really wanted it). Delivery guy apologized for the slow delivery and for forgetting the smoothie (that he refused to go back to get because they were closing soon) and promised to do better the next time I order, but I'm sorry Muscle Maker Grill I will not order from here again.I would not recommend this place I went with my family for to get a healthy lunch but instead everything had huge portions and the majority of the food was fillers like rice. My sister ordered a Caesar salad it came with enormous size lettuce peaces and there was so much dressing it was practically soup. When we went to complain about to salad then they just threw on more huge peaces of lettuce.My office ordered here a few days ago
Took over an hour to get to the office and I paid with card. They double charged for delivery fee and the food as cold. I called and said something and didn't get offered to get new food but next time we order over $20 we would get comped 2 meals. We all agreed never again and I sad this. So he sent the driver back with 3 cards for a free wrap. Then the driver comes and asks "what your food was cold" I didn't even wanna deal with him because he wasn't very nice or apologetic the first time around for being over an hour. So I said yes and my other co worker tried to say something. He basically walked out again with no apologies. The manager also didn't take my delivery fee off when I said something he said it wouldn't happen again. I'm glad we didn't too the guy very well because they ripped me of anyway. We normally are very good tippers but you could see this guy was not very nice and didn't care the food was really late. Will not order from here ever again.Been here about 5x so far. They have great tasting wraps and pasta. They give you a small card for when you buy ten meals, you get one free, so that's a nice perk...if you don't lose the card, lol. When we ordered there 2 days ago for take out, they mixed up me and my husband's plates. no big deal though. The cucumber salad and pasta salad as sides to the meal doesn't catch my taste buds so i wouldn't get that again. You can get an even better deal by using the coupon from restaurant.com for this location. Without that deal, i would probably end up splitting the meal with my hubby instead of 2 meals.Healthy "fast food"  for McDonald's prices.
Muscle maker goes to show you that healthy doesnt have to break the bank. Though I didn't like what I ordered (turkey chilli), the Mr. enjoyed his southwestern wrap, with the grill's special sauce. 
I would definitely try this place again.I got this the other day from UberEats. The delivery was very fast but I don't think that has anything to do with this restaurant. Anywhoo to the review. 
Got the spicy Texas nuggets, and the grilled chicken sandwich with a side of broccoli. All in all it was really quite good and to be honest I was surprised. First a 30 minute delivery should diminish the quality a bit and "healthy" food doesn't normally taste super great. 
The food wasn't soggy from the delivery, and there was a ton of flavor in all of he food. 
The nuggets were great and covered in a spicy Texas sauce/rub concoction. I wish I doubled up on these because they were tasty af. Can I say af in a yelp review? Oh well. 
The chicken sandwich was tasty, a bit dry, but not too bad. Only complaint would be a bit more of the dressing that goes on the sandwich to counteract a slightly overcooked chicken. The veggies on the sandwich were great. 
Steamed broccoli was steamed broccoli. Nothing new. But once again tasted fresh and not like it had been in a plastic container for a 30 minute ride. I dipped it in the spicy sauce from the nuggets.
Overall great place, and I was surprised to see the negative reviews below. I'd order from here again in a heartbeat.I would not recommend this place I went with my family for to get a healthy lunch but instead everything had huge portions and the majority of the food was fillers like rice my sister ordered a Caesar salad it came with enormous size lettuce peaces and there was so much dressing it was practically soup. When we went to complain about to salad instead of discounting our order or offering a new one they just three on more huge peaces of lettuce.Pretty good for a quick meal that can be on the healthier side. The prices are a bit high in my opinion. The dine in and pick up service is generally quick and easy. You can order ahead on grub hub!Came in with the wife recently. I pass by this joint all the time, but was never the right moment to stop in. I liked the name a lot and the idea that I would be eating relatively healthy. 
I didn't have any of the issues other Yelpers have had. The service was decent, the food came out quickly. They don't have a soda fountain which I found strange. They had a t.v. in the joint on a sports channel.
I ordered a turkey meatball wrap which was actually really good. I wasn't hungry when I left, but I sure wasn't stuffed either. Medical professionals tell me that's a good thing. My wife ordered a chicken roasted vegetable something or other wrap. I had a bite of that - it was good. I got a cucumber salad as a side to my wrap which I would recommend. I am, however, quite fond of cucumbers and cucumber salads, so I am biased there. 
I had a good experience and would definitely come back.Fine....
I would say the owner hasn't been in the restaurant lately.
The wraps are mostly rice, while they tastes fine, in this day of protein and vegetables, not sure where a white tortilla and rice fit in. 
Staff was OK, but I can't blame them, it is a lack of training and leadership. 
Skip this place.If I could leave no stars I would. I called for delivery to my work place. I ordered the Santa Fe wrap, the cucumber salad as well as a mango smoothie. Total $14.65. The wrap had hard rice in it, the cucumber salad, hard with very little flavor. To top it of, their delivery person took off with my change of $5.35. That's right he was given a twenty. How you might ask could this happen, my job has a turnstyle door, so as he handed the food through the turnstyle, he was given the $20. He took off out the door. I called them that night (3/14/16). They stated that he would be back that night with my change. Didn't happen. The next day I called the establishment during the day and was told the same thing. Didn't happen. Be forewarned, bad food, bad service and management that does not care.The food was pretty delicious. Ordered a hamburger and nuggets with some potatoes. The nuggets are actually a cut up chicken breast seasoned with whatever you ordered. The portions are on the smaller side but the food was good.The food isn't healthy. They just try to hide the calories by adding fat free! I ordered sweet potatoes fries and when they were burnt and soggy.My food is taking forever to come and they forgot my smoothies. I won't order from here again.Very disappointing. The food was very low quality. The vegetables, for example, were clearly frozen just prior to being heated up in the microwave and served. The chicken in the signature wrap was dry and cold. To sum things up, one of the people in our group got sick after eating there for lunch. We will not be returning.Had the food before.. its "A-OK". Healthy and hearty and tastes good for healty food.. Nice flavors
Never ate in, always got takeout since we order while at work.
They used to send out text coupons, where you would get 10% off or buy one get one free. Today I text 215-583-3345 with the word coupon (what we had done in the past) to see if they still had these text coupons and behold... 10% off!! So we called to place our order and mentioned the coupon. After being put on hold they said they no longer honor the text coupons. 
Actual text message received:
6/18/2013 11:40 AM
 "Welcome to the Muscle Maker Grill Text List. Get 10% off your next order. Cannot be combined with any other coupons or specials and must be used within 7-days"
Well then Muscle Maker, why not disable the text coupons, or at least put the message as  you no longer accept the text coupons.
You should have honored this coupon.. 
Bad business
Never Again
Update 7/19/2013
Changed to two stars... received another text deal today from this place (which wouldn't be honored)
Bad marketing... get it together.Two of the three things that we ordered was OK. However I ordered the avocado which in the picture was displayed as chopped up and served with flatbread. What I end up getting was maybe about a half of a small avocado that was brown with no flatbread. I couldn't eat it it just didn't look appetizing.Food is pretty good but this is the second time they've gotten my order wrong. And I ordered online where they can clearly read what kind of sauce to use. When I tell them it's wrong, they kind of give me a blank look like I'm crazy. I just wish the customer service was better and they got my order correctly because I like the food.I LOVE the food here! Their Arizona dish is my go-to Service is always quick and friendly and the dishes are always excellent, no matter what is ordered. Have not had a bad experience here once and there is always seating available in case eating in is desired.This review is months behind.
Back in November of '19, I flew back home to Philly to visit my family for Thanksgiving.  On a random day out to run errands, my uncle suggested we stop to get lunch and we ended up at a strip mall with a few food options.  He suggested Muscle Maker Grill as he'd been here before and has a limited diet due to health issues. 
 I checked out the menu before entering and it looked decent- a plethora of sandwiches, wraps and healthy salads to choose from.
 My Uncle and I both ordered a grilled chicken sandwich on a bun with a side of sweet potato fries. At the time, there was a recall on lettuce and I asked the staff if there was lettuce on the sandwich and they said yes as if unaware of any recall. 
 SIDENOTE: The restaurant was empty minus one customer besides us. 
The employees were definitely friendly. When I got my order, it smelled yummy and I was excited to dig in.  I was severely underwhelmed....my chicken breast (and my Uncle's) was very overcooked and tough.  So I took it off the bun to cut through which was a task. 
 The fries which I requested to be cooked "crispy" where way too soft and under cooked as well as under seasoned.  It was a disappointment.  I would not give this place another try on another visit. 
 I don't like to give reviews that are less than....but I always have to be honest about my experience and this was mine.The food is straight dog water the fries are not cooked at all. The burger is burnt and flavor lessMy husband and I have ordered takeout from this spot several times over the last couple years and it does not disappoint! Our favorites are The Godfather, Chicken and Broccoli, and the Arizona bowls. The chicken breast is high quality and most bowls come with brown rice and many with kidney beans. Great sized portions and healthy ingredients. Love this spot for healthy easy delivery or takeout!I have ordered from this establishment several times, so I have a lot of experience with the food/service. First off I need to say I only ordered here because I have had great food/service from the Langhorne location. Now the food at Grant is in general quite good, not too much to complain about there. But the service- disappointing. I have been left on hold without being taken care of, turned away because of being too close to closing time (20 mins before 9:00) and most recently had to cancel my order because it was an hour and 40 mins late. And they were surprised that I wanted to cancel!!! I wonder if the delivery guy, who showed up reeking of pot and high as a kite the time before this incident, was too busy getting high again because it was April 20, which is apparently the "stoners holiday"...it's a shame because I really love the grilled chicken sandwich, but on principal I have to boycott Grant Avenue MMG. Please use this review as a tool and re-train your staff and maybe re-work your business model....Ive been here two times. The first time i got something that had like steak and guacamole, which was good. The second time i got some sortve 'healthy' chicken thing that had my mom and i's stomach hurtin. So i wouldn't recommend here for anyone with crohns or colitis lol. But honestly ive yet to try the entire menu so its not like im an expert.