Super friendly chill people. 
I like the vibe and decor.
The beef hearts and Malabo dessert were my favorite.Attention to detail on every plate - everything looks as good as it tastes.  Super chill, kind, attentive staff that are masters at their craft.  I dig the concept and looking forward to returning regularly to see what's in the rotation.
Do yourself a favor - come with friends, drinks, and get (at least) one of each dish. You won't regret it. Everything was fresh tasting.  If you're not usually into the upscale small plate thing - don't be hesitant, it's worth it.  Don't be afraid to ask about the ingredients, techniques, or where everything came from.
Save room for dessert - the malabi is fantastic.
Follow their FB page - Monday nights they have a neat thing going on right now.Remarkably chill and visible kitchen, great service, pretty darn exciting food - but really it's the attitude of the chef and his insistence on a relationship to the ingredients that makes Musi such a special addition to Philly.
It helps that the 7ish course dinner is simultaneously "homey", masterfully flavored and inspried. My taste buds left happy, and each person seemed incredibly content. Thanks for making my partner's birthday a success.Creative and exciting dishes. The staff are knowledgable and take time to explain and answer questions about the food. Definitely check out their Monday "Eat Like a Chef" menu.Wonderful, interesting choices.  Tried many!  Delightful chef and staff.  You know you're in good hands from the moment you walk in until the last smidgen of the delicious desserts.Last night we sampled the entire menu!  Each dish was thoughtfully prepared and the ingredients where fresh and of the highest quality.  Chef Ari's talent is apparent and his relationship cuisine (he personally knows each of his purveyors) and minimal food waste philosophy is one that I wish more restaurant's would get on board with. This meal experience was so amazing that it encouraged all of us to be completely in the moment and enjoy - we even forgot to take pictures, which I now regret, since the dishes were all so beautiful (and delicious!).So we did their tasting menu, which was basically their regular menu except the chef chose the dishes for us. Many small plates, more than I could count. Pretty good deal for the price point. Everything was excellent, but the most impressive part was the dishes were extremely unique. I don't think I could find this menu somewhere else. It's worth pointing out that the dishes weren't just unique for the sake of being unique; they were very good.
It's also worth pointing out that one of our party didn't eat red meat. When the staff realized that they had brought us several dishes including pork (which she counted as red meat), they brought her an amazing and ample fish dish to make up for it. Which was unnecessary but well appreciated.Had an amazing dinner at Musi last Friday. The restaurant is intimate and charming. It was a small menu and we ordered most things on there. Ask the waitress for recommendations because we were a little confused since nothing was labeled. Every item was delicious though. I'm not someone who goes to a nice restaurant and orders the salad, but this one is definitely a must try! Nice bright citrus flavors. The beef heart tartare was delicious and tasted like beef tartare with a little extra oomph. The mushrooms and cream dish has to be my favorite though! Dessert was also very good. I recommend the orange blossom malabi. Overall, expect to order at least half the menu. It's also byob so the price comes out decent. We came out of there stuffed to the brim!Musi is definitely an excellent addition to the Philly BYOB scene. The à la carte menu is varied and well-priced and has something for everyone (the small appetizer of citrus & miso agnolotti SHOULD be ordered by everyone).
Even a smaller group can order practically the entire menu. The cooking style is robustly homey, all plates full-flavored and nicely if idiosyncratically put together. I liked the country paté and the seared polenta appetizers, and the pork sausage with cavatelli main course. My fellow diners were equally delighted by the fish served with turnips. The chocolate cake could have uses a more generous side of rhubarb jam (but this might be my extreme fondness for rhubarb speaking), we all enjoyed cardamom scented malabi.
Our server was outstanding. It is really good to see that the efforts of the hard-working chef are complemented by a service crew that is easy-going yet efficient and attentive. Opening countless bottles and making sure the plates come to the table right away is a fine balancing act and the friendly crew at Musi performs it with aplomb.My foodie family members and I recently had a wonderful dinner at the charming BYOB Musi! The quaint place settings of antique silverware and glassware add to the greenery and subtle candlelight ambience. Since everything on the menu sounded delicious, we ordered one and twos of all the items. They dishes were all served to us in a timely manner and the tastes, textures, and presentation of all the food was creative and delicious. Our server was  both friendly as well as accommodating. The chef personally took time to educate us concerning the cuisine. It was very apparent that a lot of thought and care was put into the planning and preparation of every menu item! I highly recommend Musi BYOB for both a delicious and delightful culinary experience!!Tiny spot in South Philly with a changing menu that emphasizes local ingredients. It is quite loud, so you might be better off with just two people and maybe not for a first date. Really loved the fresh pasta and desserts in particular.If you live in a particular neighborhood and a new BYOB with moderate hype opens up the street you'd be as excited as we were to try Musi BYOB. We followed the progress of Musi's opening on social media and were confused and bewildered as to what "relationship cuisine" was and what the opening menu could offer as it didn't seem to have any rhyme or reason to it. So we grabbed some wine and hit up Musi for a try. Small space with an open kitchen and scant decor. Pleasant spot to sit though. Service was adequate if not eager. Onto  
the food. We ordered 5 plates that come out as they're ready. The chicory salad with kumquats was bright, fresh and well seasoned, however, the lemon seeds still remained inside the whole lemon vinaigrette that was smeared across the base of the plate. The romanesco with romesco and fried egg was surprisingly tasty even though the romanesco itself lacked char, was over cooked and sulphuric. The silk chili bow ties tasted like a really good buttered noodle but the creases in the bow ties were crunchy and undercooked. The black bass with leek purée, sunchoke and raisin was really under seasoned and the fish was basically raw. The beef neck dish had zero seasoning. Zero. A shame for a dish with such potential as the beef was beautifully cooked while sitting in a broth rich with collagen. Salt. Please. Acid. Please again. All told, Musi has only been open for 3 weeks and I'm hoping they'll find their footing in terms of execution. As of now the experience just ends feeling kind of strange and confusing.Musi is a very lovely neighborhood BYOB with a cosy setting. We had the tasting menu in order to get the full experience, and while some dishes were very good, other dishes felt very off the mark. There was a liver dish cooked in pears and concord grapes which was oddly sweet and off putting despite my love of liver. The coursing itself felt very slow and leaned very heavily toward being vegetarian (only that 1 liver dish), which considering the $75 price tag and the fact that the normal menu does have fish/meat felt like not a good deal. The fact that some of our dishes were very good (a mushroom starter for instance) makes me think that the key here is to choose the dishes from the menu versus choosing the tasting menu.Cozy BYOB with delicious small plates to share with the special people in your life. Some highlights from the thoughtful and beautifully executed menu include a soft pretzel with country pâté, polenta with pickled squash, mushrooms and cream with puffed grain, silk chili bow ties, beef neck with dumplings, and fish (rainbow trout) with leek purée and sun chokes. I'd recommend 3-4 dishes per person at dinner. The service was attentive and informative, while the atmosphere was inviting and chill. I can't wait to go back and try even more dishes (apparently they'll be changing fairly regularly). Check it out if you want a unique dining experience from rising star chef Ari Miller.Holy Moly! What a find! This is such a jewel of a spot. Complex artful combinations of flavor made with so much love. The mulabi is to die for!Adorable BYOB with a unique menu that can't quite be categorized as any one specific cuisine. Friendly and enthusiastic staff and chef make it feel like they're hosting you in their own home.
This place is perfect for groups of two or four, anything more than that and it might be a tight squeeze. I came here with a group of four and we everything on the menu. It was the perfect amount of food. The chef loves to incorporate different textures and flavors. I found myself questioning  a lot of the menu, but somehow everything works perfectly together! My personal favorite was the citrus and miso agnolotti (these are super small bowls, so we ordered four - one for each of us). Other highlights were the mushrooms and cream, the fish with raisins (sounds weird right? well it's amazing), and the silk chili bowties (we even ordered another of this it was so good). There wasn't a dish I didn't like. I would 100% order everything off the menu again. I see this restaurant going places; get in while you can!Perfect.  Really, I am a food snob, and an everything snob.  And this was a perfect meal, no complains.  Small menu, which means every dish gets the attention it deserves.  Wonderful atmosphere, great overall service.  Very personable chef!!  Every dish we ordered was delicious, and I truly can't wait to go back. 
Beef heart tartare - really really delicious, similar to regular beef tartare, tangy, fresh, with delicious warm bread.
Silk Chili Bow ties - no words, really.  I dream of eating this for every meal for eternity.  The lemon, with the butter and just everything about this dish.  Perfect.
Mushroom and charred onions dish - a very solid veggie dish for mushrooms lovers.  Perfectly cooked and perfectly seasoned and just delicious.
Beef neck, with broth and celeriac - think of the best slow cooked/braised beef you've ever had.  This is better.  And the green dumpling with the herbs.  Omg.  I can imagine eating this on a snowy cold night.  Or any night really.  
Dessert - chocolate tart and cardamom Malabi -  both are delicious.  I mean really really delicious.What a gem. Some of the most unique flavor combinations I've had-- each one perfectly executed at that, which is extremely hard to come by. The ambiance is relaxed with just enough sophistication. The staff was attentive and friendly, yet understated. The experience and culinary journey were superb. Highly recommended.Found out about Musi through a friend and was so excited to go here.  This BYOB did not disappoint. With a group of four we were able to order everything on the menu except the feta (they ran out). Musi might have one of the most eclectic menus and has a unique fusions of many cultures.
The restaurant itself is small and cozy with a minimalist aesthetic that falls in line with the food. Every dish has a story behind it that is explained on the menu (with funny comments) and also by the chef/sous chef when they bring the dish to your table. 
My favorites of the night were the mushrooms and cream, pate with the soft pretzel, the beef heart tartare, silk chili bowties and rosebud malabi.  The pasta was a perfect al dente and so simple but delicious.  The beef heart was tender and very fresh.  Everyone was fighting over the pate and was clearly a table favorite. I preferred the malabi over the chocolate on chocolate tart only because the chocolate wasn't sweet. The men at the table preferred the chocolate and it was deliciously rich but I have too much of a sweet tooth.
I loved the food here because it was so simple yet delicious. There were some dishes I wish had a little bit more flavor but it seemed like the focus was on using fresh and high quality food.  Highly recommend this place for a unique dining experience. Great addition to the Philly restaurant scene!intimate setting, good food, but had a couple of inconsistent dishes.
Came here with a private dining group and tasting menu dishes not normally on the menu.  I enjoyed what I had but there were a few miscalculations in my opinion.
Our first course was the tabbuleh salad which I enjoyed however I thought the pretzel plate was a little too plain.  I loved their roast veggies and hummus which should not be surprising as this is a middle eastern inspired restaurant.  The pasta course was very good however I thought the fish kababs lacked salt.  And finally I thought the lamb sausage with collard greens was too salty or at least the collard greens were.  And the presentation was not too appetizing, brown sausage on top of brown over cooked salty collards, maybe some blanched kale with some color and crunch would have elevated the dish.  Dessert was good but not mind blowing.  
I'd definitely give this one another go and try again but need to look a the menu which does change seasonally first.Really delicious and unique menu. Good for smaller more intimate groups that don't mind sharing. Would definitely return!Awesome little place. Half our party of 6 was a half hour late and they didn't pressure us at all for it. Waitresses were super nice and accommodating, great conversation. We did the tasting menu which was on point. Overall great experience.This place is unassuming and amazing. Get the tasting menu if you can. The service was excellent. A few of the courses were really delightful.Amazing food and service. Highly recommend everyone who lives in Philadelphia or visiting to try it out!Phenomenal! Each dish is better than the next. We had the tasting menu, which was perfectly spaced and just the right amount of food. The service was outstanding and Chef Ari came over to say hi and was so friendly and warm. Loved everything about this place and would absolutely recommend.Ordered the Frizwit for delivery. I am admittedly not a huge cheesesteak person, but the thought of "frizzled ends" intrigued me. I thought they would be the beef equivalent of al pastor tacos - thin and crispy meat. What was actually delivered was more like hot roast beef. The whole sandwich was wet with what seemed like gravy, and the meat was soft. The beer cheese was  overwhelming. Overall I was pretty disappointed and didn't think it was worth the price or the hype. We did get the hummus and laffa though, which was fantastic. I'd consider a pork with hummus platter next time, but would not do the steak again.This was hands down the best meal I have had since moving to Philadelphia. We did the tasting menu. Every single dish was exquisitely prepared, interesting, unique, and unbelievably delicious from start to finish. We tried to rank them in order of our favorites and literally couldn't because they were all our favorites! Go to Musi! Right now!Musi & Frizwit are outstanding and unique in everything they do. Top 3 cheesesteak (and my personal favorite) in the world. Top 3 pork sandwich (and my personal favorite) anywhere in the galaxy. A sourdough biscuit breakfast sandwich that will warm your soul with spicy, savory greens. The team at Musi always brings a fresh take to the foods you already love and elevate the dish to something new, exciting, and absolutely delicious.So fucking delicious I only took one picture because I couldnt wait to eat each dish we ordered. Everything was super fresh and exciting. I can not stop thinking about the mushroom dish we ordered!! Cooked and seasoned perfectly. Great comparison of textures and flavors on each plate. turmeric brittle??--AMAZING! BYOB is a great addition to the experience. Staff was super sweet and inviting. Make sure you're pretty hungry when you go so you can order a variety because you do fill up fast. Unfortunately, we were so full we couldn't have dessert without exploding. Just another reason to come back! In short, one of the best dining experiences I've ever had.Had friends visiting from NYC and thought we would try someplace new. Went without expectations and ended up been super impressed. The service was spot on. The room is simple and very relaxing. The food is top notch. Check out this great little BYOB !I don't get down to this area of south Philly often enough but I found myself nearby and hungry with a couple friends and ...damn, I sure am glad we stopped in.
This was my second meal here and first in a while. I can say the food was even more inventive, creatively beautiful and delicious.  Everything we ordered, we shared, and savored to the point we often felt like licking the plate.
We all agreed the dishes were perfect and special; something you couldn't get elsewhere.  Of the beautiful food served, one stood out slightly more, which is quite a compliment.
The housemate pasta , bowties, were tender and perfectly complimented by crackly pits of pepper and atop a section or cartelized sweet potato. OMG was so good.  
The service was friendly and the owner chef came over and was super friendly and happy to talk food with us some.  This place is a treat, treat yourself!This rating is for your beautiful article in food and wine. Hope you realize how many positive responses you received. I hope this is noticed by all restaurant owners. Oh, thank you.Each dish topped the one before it, culminating in the sausage dish and pistachio pudding dessert! Service was great and chef was really nice as well. Highly recommend!Really exceptional place! The restaurant was quite charming---small and intimate with a view into the kitchen. The service was attentive and friendly but not intrusive. And the food was great. We tried the tasting menu. With one pescetarian, it was neat to see the chef accommodate that with creativity on the pasta course. And, of course, the standard menu was still quite inventive and well-executed. The table particularly enjoyed the scallops as the orange, clove, and kelp blended beautifully together, the rich umami of the mushrooms, and the perfectly cooked dorado/mahi-mahi. Don't skip the rabbit add-on either if you have four or more diners.Interesting combination of food ingredients pretty much sums it up. Every bite comes with "interesting taste"
I can see how Musi's owner/chef is voted the best. Great job!!!Fab. Great service.Food is eclectic but very good. would go back in  a heartbeat.My brother probably said it best, "it's like a Jackson Pollock in my mouth." Every bite of every dish is so interesting and clearly intentional. Overall, it's on the pricy side, but the chef's choice tasting menu option was fun. Very small dining room so it gets loud. Intimate setting makes you feel like someone invited you into their home.My wife and I had the tasting menu on Valentine's Day and it was absolutely amazing. We will definitely be back.Small plate hipster first Monday of the month pop up cheesesteak.  Small plate (doesn't get out much) me, sees the fun little spot and high-quality ingredients.  Cheesesteak adventure me thinks they should get a pizza shop grill man for their pop up.  Two cheesesteak options beef or mushroom.  I really liked the mushroom cheesesteak. It had a better cheese melt.  My meat cheese steak had my usual complaint.  The meat and onions sit on the grill.  Put some cheese on top.  Wait for a little melt.  Everything gets flipped into a roll.  I tried to get a picture of the seared meat.  The fried onions were caramelized onion swimsuit calendar picture perfect.  Ambler brewing company was there.  Very nice addition.   I made a new friend, Ken.  Very good overall experience.Lackluster environment brought to life with inspiring and unexpected flavor combinations.
Pre-fixe tasting menu allows for the chefs creativity and tenure to flourish.
Make sure to give yourself plenty of flexibility... despite having our reservation set for 8PM, we actually didn't get seated until 8:45. So that kind of stunk as a first impression, but they did suggest a bar to hit down the street for the wait.
The space itself is so small, you literally can't wait in their to get seated and it is quite noisy.
Big plus is that it is a BYO, so that makes the place so much more affordable. 
The dishes truly were an experience, and despite the wait, that's why I would still suggest visiting - just need to go in with the right expectation.This review is ONLY for the frizwit cheesesteak. I didn't eat at Musi but picked up their cheesesteak and shared with my group. Not one of us liked it. The beer cheese felt grainy, and meat was so sparse and there were just too many onions.  Out of four people who tried this sandwich, no one liked it. The meat was actually delicious but it didn't fill the sandwich and the whole thing just tasted like onions. It was a huge disappointment. If you're doing a cheesesteak tour of Philly, you can do wayyy better than this steak.This little gem of a restaurant was a wonderful place to spend Valentines Day in our new city. We opted for a la carte and ordered every dish on the menu but one, plus a dessert. They were all wonderful, creative and a joy to experience. The menu is "olive oil forward" and it really brought out all the flavors nicely. As the menu changes daily/often, I won't go into detail but say that the chef knows what they're doing and I would try anything on the menu. 
The ambience is cozy and cute (the delightful cloth napkins are locally made by a local artisan) and the service was wonderful. Our server, Samantha, was personable and knowledgeable, as were the other two who came by to help. We were never lacking for attention and it was obviously a busy night to dine. The food came out in a timely manner and also cleared quickly. They really made us feel welcome even though we were late for our reservation. No bad attitudes here; just goodness all around! 
And last but not least--for this level of dining and be BYO? AWESOME! We brought our own bottle and it really made it a more than reasonable price for the overall level of experience. 
We will definitely be back to see what they come up with next! Thanks for the perfect VDay dinner!As close to experiencing The Chef's Table (the show) as I have found in Philadelphia.  Musi is a splendid addition to the neighborhood and to Philly dining.  The menu is focused on the ingredients, using them adroitly, and on the season and local sourcing.  Service is attentive and expresses a warm welcome to a spare and inviting dining room, enlivened by a clear view of the kitchen.  Congratulations to Ari and his colleagues.Musi is a wonderful BYO in south philly. Been here twice and it's very creative. I hate when you get to an overly creative restaurant and they fail to nail the actual flavor, but this place does not lack in that category. Thanks !So happy to have this delicious and welcoming restaurant in the neighborhood! The chef and staff were so friendly and the food was truly excellentPerhaps it was the $5 brussels sprouts perfection we had at @doubleknot_phl just 2 hours prior, but I was a little underwhelmed by this meal that included a $16 brussels sprouts dish (with half the amount of brussels sprouts, drowned in an overly rich nutty cream sauce)... until dessert came along. 
The desserts were the stars of the meal for me; both were classics made better with the addition of some unusual ingredients. The carrot cake was fluffy and moist, with smoked (with verbena?) cream cheese frosting sandwiched between the two layers; and the nutty hazelnuts and sour-sweet kumquats added layers of dimensionality. The pavlova had beautiful saffron undertones, layered with nuttiness from the pistachio, tart from the blueberries and a brightness from the mint. 
If @cadencerestaurant was all about the acid, Musi is all about nuts. Every dish had an abundance of earthy flavors from the nuts (I love it). The scallop crudo was also one of the best crudos I've ever had, with its diverse mix of uplifting citruses. My only complaint was that the portions were small for the price; I didn't feel fed. I get it that it's gourmet ingredients, and we're paying for sustainable farming, labor intensive cooking techniques, etc. but I'm not quite sure the balance was quite met in a few of the dishes. That said, I loved that the chef made an effort to come out of the kitchen to chat (at length!) with all the guests. I would love to see this restaurant succeed.
1. Carrot cake, brown butter glaze, hazelnuts, and kumquats
2. Scallop crudo, multiple citruses, 2019 Harvest Enzo Olio Nuovo (with Pemba Cloves from Zanibar Islands, Tanzania, and toasted Wild Icelandic Kelp from Burlap & Barrel)
3. Seared brussel sprouts, fish sauce caramel, pistachio butter
4. Castelfranco radicchio, Cantabrian boquerones, walnuts & cheese (pulled pomelo & smoked pimenton. Copious amounts of 4-year old pecorino)
5. Maitakes & oyster mushroom, dead man's fingers seaweed, seaweed butter (finished with a nasturtium and daikon mignonette. Curly cress.)
6. Kashmiri saffron pavlova & preserved summer fruit (furthermore: pistachios, olio nuovo, & citrus)Musi is a cute intimate BYOB serving dishes that you're not sure how they'll taste before they come out (which is it the way I like things), but they all end up being delicious and interesting.
They have a chefs tasting menu option for $65 per person which includes 6 of the 10 dishes on the menu. We weren't that hungry so opted to split 5 dishes instead (between 2 people) and it ended up being $45 per person with tax and tip (very affordable- musi to my ears!)
The menu is small and the descriptions are funny and sometimes playfully snarky- very aMUSIng. The menu rotates seasonally so don't expect to see the exact same dishes but here is an idea. We loved the $5 agnolotti in broth inspired by the fountain Porter burger! The pretzel and marinated feta and the polenta were also delicious. The "least instagrammable" romanesco, tahini, pickled carrot and egg dish was one of my favorites and the cavatelli with sausage and turnip greens was great too. They brought our bill with a tiny spicy meringue which was a great way to finish the meal.
Heads up- the restaurant is extremely loud there was a large party there and my friend and I had to basically shout to hear each other. The ambiance is very understated and cute. No frills but feels like a neighborhood spot. Our server was lovely and service was great! Don't forget to BYOB!One of my favorite restaurants in Philly. I love the concept of centering the menu around partnerships with small suppliers and foragers. It's apparent how deeply they think about food and highlighting these ingredients in ways that aren't simply technical or Insta-friendly, but actually taste incredible and are a brilliant balance of flavors. 
We had the tasting menu. It would take too much time to describe each dish in detail, but my favorites starting the meal were their take on Lunchables cheese & crackers, a sweet potato soup with a smoked cream and vibrant tahini, and the most amazing crudo I've ever tasted. The scallop crudo had the perfect balance of textures and flavors, each incredibly fresh and adding something to the dish. The buttery scallops paired perfectly with the equally tender wedges of citrus and an olive oil so good I will probably order it at home. And the sprinkling of kelp bits, which gave it an unexpected umami, made it even better. 
For entrees, my favorite was probably the beet pasta with a malted rye dough. When a restaurant isn't a pasta restaurant, I don't usually pay much attention to their take. However, this was absolutely delicious. Complex dough, rich filling, and the dollop of cream and lemon on top made this one of the best bites of pasta I've had. Definitely better than some other buzzed-about pasta restaurants I've been to in the area.
Finally the desserts - both fantastic. The lemon semifreddo that they poured tea over was so addictive, and the fluffernutter was the perfect last highlight of such a stellar meal that felt incredibly personal and full of creative energy. 
They recently opened, and I am glad to see they are starting to make waves both locally and nationally. I hope to get another chance to revisit and experience more of their unique work.I just tried their signature cheesesteak, the Frizwit, which they are currently offering for pickup and delivery. This thing is unlike any other cheesesteak I've had in the city. They advertise it as being a higher quality version of the cheesesteak, and this is 100% accurate! They source their steak from Primal Supply Meats, the hoagie roll is from Merzbacher's bakery, and they make their own beer cheese sauce (since it's a "wit" it's got fried onions too). You can definitely taste the quality. And the beer cheese sauce tastes almost like fondue. It's incredible! It's hard to compare this to the other typical cheesesteak joints, but it's definitely a must-try.I love this place. Conscientious, caring business looking out for customers and employees. Now that my husband & I are beginning to venture out for dining, this is exactly what we're looking for. Tasty, creative dishes prepared with love, immaculately clean, with concern for everyone's safety, and unparalleled service.I first learned of them through the Too Good to Go app. I was running errands nearby and picked up some bargain priced hummus and pita chips. I looked them up online and was intrigued. 
I was also impressed that they seem to care about reducing waste. Hummus comes in reusable containers. Chips were in paper bags that I can compost. They asked if I needed a bag; I'd brought my own reusable one. They even make hot sauce from kitchen scraps and compost the rest. 
We returned to pay full price on a weekend when the spot runs as Frizwit, a sandwich shop. Their take on a cheesesteak, with more upscale ingredients, was unique and delicious. The vegetarian mushroom "cheesesteak" was equally flavorful and delicious, just as satisfying as the beef version. 
We tried pickles (I love pickles) but we're underwhelmed. Perhaps they just weren't as impressive as the sandwiches. 
But I keep thinking about those sandwiches and am planning my next visit so I can try the rest of them. 
As for Musi, they are finally back with a tasting menu,  it seems. When I'm ready to eat indoors again (not yet, though), Musi is on my to-try list.This place definitely has a nice homey feel to it - looks like an apartment that is turned into a restaurant, because the kitchen is open to the room where the tables are. The staff is very nice and polite, but I do have to say that I expected the dishes to be better overall, and with more consistency in quality and flavor. I also think that the dishes were overpriced for what they were. I had better small dishes in Philly for way cheaper.
Eggplant jam, stretched mozzarella, and pretzel ($15) - of the 3, my favorite was the stretched mozzarella. The pretzel was my husband's favorite. The eggplant jam was good, but I prefer my eggplant to be strictly eggplant-y, and not sweet. 
Squash - was a very strong dish. Was mildly sweet from the squash and somewhat salty as well. It's also a beautiful dish!
Mushroom dish - had 3 types of mushrooms, roasted eggplant, and tomato. This was my favorite dish!!!! Love all the mushrooms. Even the tomato was really good - and it was just a tomato!
Meat with turmeric brittle and also smashed potato. This was really interesting, because the turmeric brittle was distinctively sweet. The potato was also cooked well. Definitely appeals to the more adventurous eater, but isn't too weird for non adventurous eaters to enjoy :)
Veal stuffed bamboo husks with cavatelli - was pretty good. I really liked the cavatelli which was cooked to the perfect al dente. 
Due to the fact that I was not overly impressed with the food, I actually opted out of dessert despite my love of sweets.This review is specific for Frizwit, which is a popup within Musi. Take out only. They take a spin on the classic Philly staples. I think of their offerings as a gourmet offering of the cheesesteak and roast pork sandwich. Ingredients are local and fresh and you can really taste the difference. It's on the higher side in terms of price, but you are paying for the quality and I think its well worth it.