Everyone there was super friendly and we were greeted when we enter and they said goodbye when we left. I had such a great experience here. It was a whole lot of fun watching them make the ice cream from scratch and watching the liquid nitrogen vapor spew out of the industrial mixers they use while they make it. It was so delicious overall a must stop when your in the Chinatown area. Dessert is great at any time of day right!Was curious about the hype of this place. The gentleman that took our order was very patient and explained everything about the prices and how we could order. Once he passed it on to the server however, the level of service dropped. He got both our orders wrong and wouldn't fix it until the first gentleman asked him to.Have a great experiences from coming here. They greeted you was a nice smile and feel really welcome. They say thanks when they give you the ice cream and goodbye have a nice day at the end. The ice cream were really creamy and rich like I can't get tired from eating it. I highly recommended here after your done with your meal. Overall, this place have spaces to stand around while there's a big crowd and there decoration make it feel like home.delicious ice cream!! probably the best that i've ever had, it's so creamy and smooth it melts in your mouth! also wonderful presentation of the food itself, totally instagrammable!Last summer it was Thai rolled ice cream...this summer it is Liquid nitrogen ice cream.  I for one like these variations on ice cream.  While some people like to dis trendy food styles, I say 'why not?'  It doesn't hurt anyone and sometimes it's cool (in this case literally & figuratively) to experience familiar foods in a different way.  Like rolled Thai ice cream, liquid nitrogen frozen treats are also made on the spot - this time at minus 320 degrees F (-200C). 
I had to try the Eskimo Kisses which are liquid nitrogen frozen cotton candy balls (Zucherwatte in Vienna). This is a fun thing to eat as you will have smoke coming out of your mouth and everyone is looking at you wondering - "What is he eating?"  They give you two thin sticks which I used like chop sticks to eat this deep frozen treat.  It's sweet like cotton candy so it's not something I'm often going to partake of .... but they are especially fun to order and share if you are with a group. Service is friendly at this Chinatown ice cream parlor and there is some 'chill' seating in back.
Tip - In no way should you try to drink the liquid nitrogen if you want to continue as a taster on Yelp!!N2 is a new nitrogen ice cream shop and it is awesome. Great flavors, friendly service, and a cool environment is worth the trip. I got the S'mores ice cream and it was fantastic. I also got to try the Pumpkin Spice and Nutty Professor flavors and they were sooooo good too. Definitely recommend.I mean it's ice cream, nothing great, it's a show more than anything.  It could be a cute date spot if they dimmed the lights.A nice little addition to Chinatown. The place is very nicely decorated, bright and clean interior with colorful furnitures. There are a good amount of options to choose from and the price is very affordable, about $7. The flavor is similar to other ice-cream shops in my opinnion so I was a bit disappointed. I thought the ice-cream would have some smoky effect like nitrogen ice-cream but it was just normal kind that one can find at any ice-cream shops. This place has lots of potentials to be better, plus this is a recently opened business so I will keep my mind open and give this place a second chance. In addition, they also accept credit card payment but you have to spend at least $10. On the other hand, the staffs are friendly and welcoming. Since this is very near Bonchon, if you are in the area and craving some desserts (ice-cream perhaps) after dinner then do check out this place.Another cute dessert place in Chinatown. The ice cream is prepared in a mixer with liquid nitrogen, which results in a very creamy product. Also a cool sight to see. Overpriced for what you get, but delicious nonetheless. Expect to pay at least $7 for a cup of ice cream.Can't decide between 3/4 stars for the combined hard work and tastiness of the ice cream...but this is a fad. Can't tell if I'm underwhelmed or overwhelmed by this concept. Okay fine it's super cool, but is it really necessary...Green Zest actually had a surprisingly strong matcha flavour, which I loved. Whipped cream balanced it out. Strawberry added a fresh touch. White chocolate shavings were discreet. Came with a strawberry Pocket stick (not advertised, a surprise). $7 though? I suppose nitrogen is expensive...and their employees must have painful wrists!!! They should work on consistent servings...but is ice cream ever consistent? Idk! My friend got more than meVisited from Boston and stumbled across their soft opening. Candice (spelling?) helped me out in explaining what an Eskimo Kiss (cotton candy nitrogen balls) was and even when I made a mistake in my order she was happy to fix it for me! 
The nitrogen balls taste like captain crunch, but be warned /!\ it is to be handled with caution. Make sure you read the do-nots before you eat them. 
We also got the green zest ice cream with chocolate and strawberry flavor shots. The ice cream is on the sweeter side rather than bitter in case you were wondering. 
Definitely a place worth trying!Very decent ice cream place. It's cool to get to see them make ice cream with liquid nitrogen. Make sure to bring cash. Otherwise though, I'm not super impressed by the ice cream, so I'm giving this place a solid 3 stars for being an average place. Also, the toilet seat had lots of urine splattered across it, so make sure to keep the bathroom clean!Super smooth and creamy ice cream! My daughter had the coffee and my wife and I shared a strawberry bomb. Both were awesome! Stop by for a great and unique treat!I came here twice. The first time I ordered a green zest, and it was perfect. Great place to hangout and great ice cream. However the second time I visit the whole store was full with people which was great, but they turned off the AC. Can you imagine a store full with people but has no AC? It's terrible. Second, I ordered a the same green zest, but they only gave me a bowl of ice cream, no topping, no more strawberry or picky. I went up to the cashier and asked if they have forgotten my toppings(my pocky) she said they have to charge extra for topping which their menu shows the ice cream comes with topping and charge $7 each. I was disappointed for my second visit :(Went last night and didn't know what to expect seeing this cafe claims to have a special process in making ice cream seem like icy and more creamy. 
Well me and my wife are glad we went. We ordered the muddy buddy so we could split it so here goes the review. 
First, the place looks cool and is well lit and has a relaxed vibe to where you just want to sit down and hang out and we would've of, but the parking situation is terrible. 
Second, the worker named CJ had a great attitude and seemed to really enjoy his job. 
Third, the price was fair for the portion you get. It's not a big portion, but enough to satisfy your sweet tooth. It cost like $7.00 for the ice cream. 
Last of all your order has to be a minimum of $10.00 on the card which I didn't like so I bought one of the specialized chocolate bars to make the order about $13.00.
Definitely worth giving this place a shot.On a hot summer day in Philly, this hidden gem is a great place to relax and enjoy the best ice cream in my opinion in this area. The staff was so friendly and knowledgeable of their products. The strawberry bomb was delicious, and don't forget to order your Eskimo kisses(add some nitrogen and you will have some great pics)Went there yesterday on the strength of a recommendation and they did not disappoint! The unique thing about this place is that they use liquid nitrogen to make their ice cream. I had the Nutty Professor and my wife had a mint chocolate chip variation. Both were extremely delicious and fresh! Bonus they are locally owned! I recommend this shop!I came here in the middle of a weekday with my boyfriend. It's a well-lit place with a good amount of seating for a dessert place. We ordered one of the ice cream specials - something with green tea and graham crackers. The green tea ice cream had a nice texture, smooth and creamy, which I guess is what the nitrogen is supposed to do. But to be honest, I don't know if I would have been able to tell it apart from regular ice cream. Also, I found the flavor to be on the weaker side, but I do like when green ice cream has a strong matcha taste. I wish they had used real whipped cream instead of the stuff from a can. Also, the graham crackers were crushed up pretty fine when added to the ice cream, so they didn't add much in the way of interesting texture. I would have preferred them to be in larger pieces. The service was friendly, but slow because they were training a new employee.I came across this spot while wandering across Chinatown one night.  I was enticed by the name and so I went in.  I was pleasantly surprised by the inviting interior.  It was colorful with many bright colors that create a very comfortable environment.  Towards the back is a couch area and a counter top area towards the side.  It was spacious and was an area where you could really lounge back and enjoy your ice cream.
The ice cream itself is made fresh on order.  Here, they make it the old fashioned way (sort of).  To give a short history on ice cream, it was originally made by taking the cream and milk and mixing it against the side of a metal drum.  The other side of the metal drum is a calcium salt that exerted an endothermic effect (it absorbed heat).  This made the ingredients cold and BOOM--ice cream.  Here the calcium salt is replaced by nitrogen gas.  Same effect, much faster ice cream.
The recipes are listed on the menu and come in a wide variety of styles - I chose the strawberry bomb.  There are two sizes.  I chose the smaller size which was the right size for what I wanted.  I feel the larger size was a stack and was more than I wanted to spend for dessert at that time.  
It was quite good.   I suggest this place if you want a more memorable dessert experience and a good place to relax.N2 Sweet Cafe is a very cozy dessert place. They have plenty of seating and a nice lounge area where you could sit and enjoy your dessert with friends and chat a little. The service was decent and the ice cream was delicious. I think the main seller of the place is the Eskimo Kiss, which oddly has the same texture as a cheese puff minus the cheesy flavor. It's definitely amusing to eat and I think it's nice to try once in your life......You know pretending to be a ice breathing dragon! 
We did add the nitrogen cup to our ice cream, so that made the dessert "cooler" and definitely something you'd like to photograph and put up on social media. 
I think overall, N2 is a decent ice cream place with some gimmicks that are worth a try at least once in your life. Other than that, the place is overall a comfy ice cream place to just sit and relax with some friends.At last ! Liquid nitrogen ice cream comes to Philly !!!!! I didn't get a chance to try it when I was Los Angeles recently. So I was super excited to see this cafe. It didn't disappoint!Was a good experience all in all. Every time i go there, the taste is consistent and it never disappoints. The decor is very cute and seems like a nice place to eat. The only downside is that there are always people just taking up spots well after finishing their ice cream. However, they can't control that.
Overall, it was good service and great ice cream. Really cleans the palette after a heavy meal!Unexpectedly delicious, not just a gimmick,, worth a try! Had the green tea ice cream, not too sweet and very velvety. Ladies there are all super nice and helpful. Love it.This place is awesome. We ordered the Green Best and the Eskimos Kiss. It is delicious and so much fun to eat and see the smoke come out of your mouth. It is also cute place to take pictures and check in. We came at 1 pm so there was no line but right after we finished order, the line started. The customer service is great. We will come back next time we are in town.I was ecstatic that a liquid nitrogen ice cream shop was opening in Philly. I have had liquid nitrogen ice cream before and to be honest, the rolled ice cream trend was underwhelming. I came here during opening week and was greeted with very friendly staff. Although they have a small menu/flavor selection, you have the option to "make your own" by picking your flavor and what toppings you want mixed in or added. The liquid nitrogen gives the ice cream a very smooth yet thick texture that is comparable to that of Franklin Fountain's. I got try one of their experimental creations which tasted like a fruit loop and let out cold nitrogen smoke when you breath out. The decor is very cute with plenty of space to sit. It is a great addition to the Chinatown area and I am excited to stop by this shop again and again. I hope over time they will add more flavors to the menu!I loved this place. It's tucked in at the corner of 11th and cherry and has such cute decor and seating inside with couches too. I got the nutty professor and it was delicious. It is pricy it's  $7 but a nice treat. I would recommend.This is the newest kid on the block in Chinatown.  The idea behind it is using liquid nitrogen to freeze the ice cream.  The murals/drawings on the walls and decorations are very cute, such as the a drawing of a thermometer on the wall explaining how the liquid nitrogen works.  The ice cream is served with a plastic syringe (no needle present, not to worry!) filled with a sauce, like caramel.  I got the green zest b/c I love my green tea in any form.  Because it was the first day N2 opened, it was just 5 bucks.  (Apparently normally it's 7 bucks, which is still pretty affordable.) The seating is a bit limited - just a couple of days and a sofa with some easy chairs.  If you're lucky, you'll snag the sofa or the easy chair.  The one drawback in my humble opinion is the taste.  My taste buds couldn't really differentiate the difference between this ice cream and regular ice cream with toppings.  As a whole, affordable, innovative, and cute - just not that different from regular ice cream in the taste department.Went here for the nitrogen ice cream!! It was my first time trying it and I must say it's definitely an interesting experience. Is it just me or does it taste like cereal? Either way, my friends and I had a great time. I definitely recommend it just to try at least once but I can't say it's something I'd love to eat often. Really brings out my inner child.I was there last thursday 9/21/2017 which was my 51st birthday and this place was awesome.  Quick friendly service and the Ice was great I had the Muddy buddy.  
I love it.  I hope they stay and continue to have great service.Awesome concept! They use Nitrogen to freeze your ice cream right in front of you! The staff is super knowledgeable about the process and their products and just sooooo nice! The ladies there on the Wednesday we stopped were so nice telling us about their offerings and they even do bday parties! How cute! I got the green zest- green tea ice cream and got to customize my toppings to add more or less of what I wanted ! Will for sure be returningCereal with dry ice is a gimmick for a good Snapchat taste like dead cereal. 
Surprisingly the actual ice cream taste very good and the decor is super cute.
Don't drink the dry ice you might die :) I don't know how health department let this happen LOL though I enjoy itGreat place for ice cream! I'm usually a fan of traditional over trendy ice cream but this ice cream holds up with the best! I got the Nutty Professor which was awesome. Smooth Reese's and Oreo ice cream, with a huge scoop of cookie dough. They make the ice cream from scratch which is great. Staff was very friendly and cool ambiance. Will definitely be back to try more flavors!Giving them 2 stars for the simple fact that I liked their decor. Walked in, wasn't greeted. 2 people were making the ice cream, made eye contact with us with no welcome or a polite affirmation that there'd be a wait. Waited another 2 minutes and still no greeting. Sad to say we walked out of the place with nothing. Won't be coming back.A little pricey but the presentation and atmosphere are great and the ice cream is really tasty.my nitrogen ice cream was so delicious!!! I got strawberries, a lil cookie, and chocolate sauce on top and it was perfection. I loved it and it was so fun to watch my ice cream being made!It's a neat experience watching your ice cream being prepared with liquid nitrogen in a machine resembling a giant Kitchen Aid mixer. There's plenty of seating towards the back of the café for small groups. Recommend: for those who have never tried liquid nitrogen ice cream.A short walk from Mkt. St. is worth taking to this Chinatown ice cream spot where made 2 order nitrogen ice cream not only is a spectacle to see, but is cold, sweet & flavorific.This place is what I would call a food experience. But to be fair, I didn't try the ice cream, so I'll update my review when I do.
The best part of the cotton candy Eskimo kisses was playing with the nitrogen. That is essentially what you pay for, $6 for the allure of playing with the gas. They literally pour nitrogen gas into a cup full of cotton candy flavored balls that they purchased from a store. They don't even make the balls. And you would think it's cold or thought it was ice cream, right? It's not. 
One star for the beautifully decorated place and another star for the friendliness of the staff.Very accommodating for vegan as I'm lactose fre. Pick any flavor, some toppings and a flavor and life is goodThis place is awesome!  Really genuine and nice owners with a unique and cool(pun intended) idea.  These guys are a sugary symphony for your tastebuds. You won't regret it :)A little pricey but the ice cream is super flavorful and creamy. We got one sundae and it was enough for two. I love the juice-filled balls that are in some of the fruity flavors. It does take a bit of time to get your ice cream but they are freezing it to order so that make sense.I've been to places in California so I was very excited when a nitrogen ice cream place opened up in Chinatown. However, it was NOT what I expected at all. I got the strawberry flavored nitrogen ice cream, and it was way too sweet and artificial. My boyfriend and I took one small bite and threw it out. For the price and the time it takes for your order to come out, definitely not worth it. I'm giving 2 stars because the interior is cute with lots of seating.Came here a couple of times. Other than the fact that their desserts are cool trendy liquid nitrogen. It taste really good. Ice cream is really creamy. Love their flavor variety. They're relatively quick with your orders, reasonable price. Cool interior.I had the nutella ice cream. I like that everything is made to order. It tasted really smooth and clean. Seems like they just opened and I hope that they can get more business. I was only visiting Philly for a day and it caught my attention. I hope that locals can find it a place to go as well. 
The only downside is that you can't really sample anything before you buy it.This place is known for making nitrogen ice cream, which doesn't seem to exist much elsewhere in Philly. Really cool ice cream combinations. Nice ambiance and interior. The service takes longer than your usual ice cream place, but that's because they hand make it! It's definitely a cool experience to watch them create your dessert. I recommend adding a flavor shot for the photo!First time here yesterday for a comedy show on April Fool, came for the comedy which was great I can only remember two names or three Chris, Steve? and Erik. Gave out samples and it was some of the best ice cream and I don't even like ice cream. I drink smoothies and shakes made with ice cream. So will be back to try Eskimo kisses and some specialty chocolate ice cream if it makes the menu   owner and wait staff friendly too. Need that because good customer service is non- existent no one likes to smile. These folk were happy !Wowwww. Normally I am very skeptical of places like this because it just seems like a bunch of hype and mediocre ice cream. BUT. I was pleasantly surprised with N2!
The place itself is very cute. The seating and decor is very cute and modern.  There's plenty of seating and towards the back a cute area with a couch and chair. 
So the concept of this ice cream shop is using liquid nitrogen to make the ice cream which is pretty cool within itself if you're a nerd like me. There are quite a few flavor options, but I chose to get muddy buddy which is chocolate, ferroro rocher, and strawberries. It. Was. So. Good. Obviously watching it being made is super entertaining. All of things they make are so pretty (see picture) and they really take their time when making it.  
The ice cream is a little pricey, for two people it was about $14 and they have a credit card minimum of $10. With that being said, the serving size is pretty decent. They pack a lot of ice cream into the cup!
Overall I really liked this place! And for unconventional ice cream, I would say it's worth the visit!A unique ice-cream shop in the middle of Chinatown, N2 Sweet Cafe is definitely worth the visit for seeing ice cream made from frozen Nitrogen. I ordered the chocolate ice cream with cookie dough, chocolate chips, and marshmallows, and the flavor was very good. While it was somewhat overpriced, it was worth a visit for the first time. Overall, while I may not return again, the food was very good.So I was sitting in class and thinking about how much I wanted to try this new ice cream place after school!! From pictures I've seen, the place looked gorgeous and bright but I had to see it for myself hehe. Once I got there I was AUTOMATICALLY IN LOVEE! the warm and bright atmosphere gives the place a very welcoming feel. The decor were super cute and SO picture worthy. There were couches in the back for lounging and most importantly....
THE ICE CREAM! Let me just tell you that the ice cream here is so unique in texture and the assembling of ingredients was fun to watch as well. I ordered the Coffee Lover's Icecream and loved it. I feel as though a lot of the new ice cream places are slightly overpriced and you're mostly just paying for the experience of being there. I also waited quite a long time for my order even though there was barely anyone there. Imagine if the place was crowded! It'd take forever. Overall, it's still a very cute place and worth the visit :)Came here to try out the banana and cinnamon flavored Eskimo Kisses, which are basically puffs that are dipped in nitrogen. The cinnamon puffs didn't taste that great, but the banana ones were actually pretty tasty - it had an airy cereal texture. 
Overall, this was a fun and unique experience that I loved sharing all over my social media accounts (the smoke effect was extremely cool). It was a good one-time experience, but not one that I would try again and again, so I will probably not be back.Liquid nitrogen ice cream, you say? Heck yea I had to try, even in the dead midst of winter. I tried the green zest, which consisted of matcha ice cream, graham crackers, white chocolate and strawberries. It was super cool to watch them make the ice cream, but it tasted like any other ice cream really. The green zest had a good combo of sweet, fruity and crunch. I wish they added more strawberries though. Overall it was a unique experience, but not great enough of a spectacle for me to go out of my way for. Also, their couch is kind of dirty looking...maybe invest in leather couches or a darker color?N2 is a liquid nitrogen ice cream shop. Their ice cream is super creamy. I've had a few of their flavors but I keep going back to green tea. I normally get the pre-fixed ice creams since the toppings are what I would want on it anyways. The Eskimo kisses are an experience and IG worthy since you have the smoke effect going on. It has a cereal taste and texture since it's been sitting in the liquid nitrogen. Handle the mug with caution! The ice cream shop is nicely decorated with murals and cafe style furniture. The only con is if it's busy you wait for your ice cream for a bit since it takes a few minutes to get the liquid nitrogen to start making the liquid turn to ice cream.This is an awesome spot. I visited yesterday with friends. The ice cream was $7 and it takes a while to make so the price makes sense. I love how cute the store is as well. I have never had nitrogen ice cream and it didn't melt as quickly as regular ice cream. The flavors were awesome. I got green tea. My favorite part was watching the ice cream being made. I would return!This place is small, cozy, and slightly outside the Chinatown chaos. They put on a nice show for you with their nitrogen ice cream, and it's combined with candies and chocolate.
The ice cream was good and creamy, and my girlfriend and I enjoyed it. However, after the festivities, it was nothing particularly special.I love N2 Sweet Coffee! I almost come here everyday and have a strawberry bomb plus Eskimo kisses! This place looks very nice and is the first nitrogen ice cream store in Philly!Better than all the rolled up ice cream places around the area. If you're into chunky (vs scoop deville) ice cream, then you will love this place. The wait was pretty long probably because of the method they use to make ice cream (they essentially dump liquid nitrogen into a bowl to freeze. 
We got the Muddy buddy and it was delicious. Would come back in the future.
The menu needs an update. You can go with some of the signature flavors or combinations they have or you can design your own. However I didn't see an list with the flavors and toppings they have.I came to N2 Sweet Cafe for dessert on 2/19/2018 after lunch. I was intrigued by liquid nitrogen icecream and wanted to try it out. The decorations and drawings on the wall were cute. However, it was the lack of service that left me frustrated. When I entered, I didn't get any sort of greeting as the server was sitting in the back on a chair, and only got up for my order without saying anything. While I was browsing the menu, she was just checking out her nails and then was browsing her phone. The tipping point was when she glanced up to give me a dirty look that just shouted "Would you please hurry up", after which I decided it was not worth my time to order and just left to visit one of the many rolled cream shops.
For those looking for dessert and want warm service, I would avoid this place and instead head to the other many dessert shops for friendlier staff.Best customer service I've ever received. Super friendly, super clean, definitely goojgIce cream is as creamy and delicious as they claim it is.Not worth it at all. 
Cost the same as rolled ice cream, so I'll go back to rolled ice cream. Service was okay. 
My friend and I couldn't finish the ice cream because it was too cold and it started to hurt our mouths/throat. The shop looks cute and the look of the liquid nitrogen looks cool but not worth hurting your mouth. I'll pass.A cute, bright ice cream cafe on the outskirts of Chinatown. While it's interesting to watch the smoky dry-ice effect while the ice cream is being frozen by nitrogen, the appeal stops there.
I tried the Green Zest. The combination of toppings was fine and the ice cream was creamy, but the ice cream lacked flavor. It had a very subtle, barely noticeable matcha taste. 
I also tried the Instagram-worthy Eskimo kisses, which had the shape and texture of a cheese puff, but tasted like the Fruity Pebbles cereal. It was cool to play with, but it wouldn't be a dessert I would continuously get. It's more like a one-time gimmick.FYI: Handle your jug of Eskimo Kisses with caution! They dump the liquid nitrogen straight into the container that they serve it to you in so the sides will be extremely cold! Also they have a card minimum of $10.
A new ice cream trend decides to make its way to Philly. Can't say I'm mad about it either. It was just slightly strange to me since I work in a lab so the only liquid nitrogen I've seen keep cells and samples frozen.
WHAT WE GOT: Eskimo Kisses and Green Machine
PROS: The interior design is ADORABLE, just gotta put that out there. Succulents on the walls, cute chairs and wall murals, and this nice little alcove with a view of the street. The Eskimo Kisses were so much fun to play around with and make for some interesting Instagram videos. They taste exactly like captain crunch cereal. The Green Machine also had a nice, prominent minty flavor. The portions were also pretty big. We split these two things between three people and everyone got a decent amount of everything.
CONS: Well...to be honest, once you get past the novelty of it all, it literally just becomes another ice cream place. The Eskimo Kisses sort of pinch your tongue once you get to the ones at the bottom since they're still sitting in a tiny pool of liquid nitrogen, and I couldn't taste any of the "chocolate" part of the mint chocolate chip ice cream aside from the few M&Ms they threw on top. The toppings are a bit lack luster and whereas the Eskimo Kisses didn't take too long to come out, there's a bit of a wait for your ice cream.