Terrible selection, even worse quality. Big mistake. Skip this place. Not worth the price!Today was training day, and the food was free! Service was great and the food delicious. Can't wait for this place to open full-time!Today was a soft opening, but it's felt like a grand opening! Staff was friendly, and food was DELICIOUS! I've had middle eastern food once or twice before but this was different, fresh and great tasting! Can't wait for the opening! Right down the street from my house too! I'll be there often!Food is pretty darn good. Had a falafel pita sandwich with  tahini sauce. 
I agree with the other reviewers about the staff. Really unprofessional and didn't seem to give a shit about my order. You need to be welcoming and helpful with a new place like this . The lady was whispering what each item was like speak up I can't hear you. The food in my pita sandwich were also distributed really poorly. 
I would come back but if the staff has the same attitude, I'll just do chipotle next doorBesides 6 separate customers coming in when the doors open at 10:30am, they have ordering directions on a cut sheet for you.  Great idea even if it is the Chipotle model with Middle Eastern food. Clean and crisp ambience, decor and ordering process with friendly service. The food is great.  Healthy fast food.  Although those who read my reviews know I'm not a big fan of franchises, I'm betting Naf Naf is and I'm all in!! #nafonFood is good, but the staff gives off a "wish I were anywhere else" vibe, even when the place is empty. 
Last time I was there I waited 20 minutes in the car for opening and when I walked in, it was apparently 10:28 and not 10:30, so they showed me the door with a bit of side-eye.   
I went home and made my own delicious pita sans attitude. 
If you come well past 10:30, hungry, and with a thick skin, you will love this place.I went in to try the new shop, and I was blown away by the food. The pita was soft and had the right texture, and the garlic sauce and chicken were seasoned perfectly. You definitely need to try this new business. The employees were very patient and kind to me.This place is a wonderful hearty fast food alternative to its fast-food-giant neighbor Chipotle (which I also love for their value). I have only had the hummus bowls with either falafel or chicken and I greatly enjoy both. I always get all of the toppings available because the flavors that amass on the resultant pile of deliciousness are vast, original, and vibrant. All their Mediterranean toppings are fantastic - I promise you (so long as you don't have dietary restrictions nor picky eating habits). Come give them a shot. The pricing is more between 7 and 10 dollars. Overall perhaps 50 cents to a dollar more on average than Chipotle but the food is just as filling and id argue more flavorful!
Definitely worth checking out.Yuuuummy. That was really good. But I think its a bit expensive tho. I got a falafel with rice and chicken inside.Naf Naf is a solid option for lunch or dinner on City Ave.  I came here with my boyfriend and we each ordered a shawarma bowl and went with the "Naf It Up" option to add a side and drink for another $3.25 each.
I thought the bowls were great.  Really filling and the ingredients all seemed very fresh. I got salad because I didn't see the couscous option at first (I think they've changed the menu boards because I notice an older picture posted on yelp), but I stole a bite of my boyfriend's couscous base and liked that as well.  I got three sauces, all of which added their own zip to my bowl.  I'm not even certain which ones I ended up with as I just pointed and addressed them by color, but they were all tasty.  It would be helpful if they were labeled behind the counter so you could associate them with the names on the menu.
Each bowl comes with a pita on the side.  Ours were both warm and fluffy.  Great piece of the meal.
The lentil soup was good.  I'm used to lentil soups with a heavier hand on the spices, but I enjoyed this lighter version.  We could not finish it with all the food we ordered though.
Baklava was really delicious and not too syrupy nor sweet. I'm glad my boyfriend steered us away from my original choice of the salted caramel.  We ended up with the walnut/pistachio instead.  It was delicious!
I didn't really want the fries after seeing how they looked more chip-like in the cooking area, but I was pleasantly surprised upon tasting them.  The texture was a really good balance between crispy in some spots and softer in others.  Definitely closer to fries than potato chips, despite my hesitations based on the shape alone.
If you are dining with another person and both ordering bowls, I would recommend only one person utilizing the "Naf it Up" option as two bowls, two pitas, and two sides is a lot of food.  However, I did like trying more menu items this way.  I look forward to visiting Naf Naf again in the future.Like I said in my previous review. The food is great here, it was the staff that was issue.
Well, I decided to give this place another try and to my surprise, staff was super friendly and helpful!! I met the owner and you can tell he is trying his best to make this place work.
Great Job Andrew. I'll be coming back here anytime in the area.The food is good. I've only been here twice the food is good but the falafel has these small hard pieces in that would get stuck in my teeth. The service was really good as well. I went the first week that they opened so I hope they keep it up.This is my 2nd time trying Naf Naf.  I am a huge Middle Eastern food fan.  The first time I came, the line was HUGE.  It moved at an "ok" pace, but compared to a Chipotle or another similar establishment, I was not impressed (especially when most people are on the their lunch break from work.)  Both times I got the Chicken Salad bowl.  It was good.  The garlic sauce is delicious.  And the side pita is fantastic.  
What I will say may even prevent me from coming back are 2 things:
1.) The staff:  Don't get me wrong, some are vey nice.  The guy making the pitas was friendly and worked hard.  The guy at the register was HORRIBLE.  He was not friendly.  He just rang you up and threw the pita in the bag and that was it.  He didnt ask, if I wanted a drink or anything else, just $10.89. He also said to a co-worker while I was waiting for my receipt to print "yo, I gotta wiz."  The co-worker said - "You have to go to the bathroom?"  Mind you, this was just 30-45 mins ago and the restaurant was crowded.  I couldn't believe it.  There is just a level of unprofessionalism with some of the employees.  
2.) HAIR NETS:  Several of the women did not have their hair pulled back and were reaching over the food area with their hair just ready to fall into the food.  I think that it should be required that their hair is either pulled back AND OR in a hair net.  That is very unsanitary.
So, all in all, the food is good and some of the staff is good but based on today's experience I think I'll try somewhere else next time.I noticed this place while shopping at Target a few weeks before it opened, and looked forward to trying it because I LOVE middle eastern food. I walked in around dinner time on a Monday, and there were a couple people ahead of me. There were probably at least 6 people behind the counter, and only 1 or 2 who really knew what was going on. I get it, training people takes time, but it just didn't seem like a great system they had going. Service was SO incredibly slow, and the people putting together my veggie feast were so incredibly stingy. If I got a full tablespoon of hummus in my bowl, I'd be shocked. The food was good, but I really don't feel like it was worth what I paid.I feel that chicken was not fresh. Probably stale. Food quantity is less. You can see that bowl is half empty. Not worth for the price they chargeHad dinner tonight. Great and delicious veggie bowl!  And the fries are awesome!  And the owner made a point to thank me for coming. I will be back!!Just stopped in to give this place a try. GF got the veggie bowl with the falafel and I got the bowl with steak. I have to say this was more like a bowl of salt with sides of other things. The bowl is way to salty. I'm not a health freak but this has got to be extremely bad for you. Almost inedible only plus is the fries were ok.The chicken shawarma was a bit dry not that flavorful. I expected a decent middle eastern culinary experience. Yet, with the commercialization of food ex. fast food already prepared you lose the cultural flavor of the cuisine. The falafel was decent, however over all was not impressed with the food.Hi To all the  Middle Eastern food lovers . We have visited Naf Naf in KofP Probably 7 times . Chris has always taken good care of us and remembering who we were from every visit was such a surprise We don't live close by so we don't get there often (Hope they open in the Princeton area sometime soon )
The MOST Delicious  Everything  on the menu Authentic, Cooked From scratch at the location Clean Very professional  We have visited Israel and if I would close my eyes and eat Naf Naf I would think I was in The Middle East
On leaving our visit today we spoke with Stephan another very impressive employee who gave us a history lesson about Naf Naf 
I could go on But you all have to visit Naf Naf to ENJOY a delicious meal and pleasant environmentBowls are great! Flavorful and spicyyyy sauces! I don't eat pita but I will here! Warm and fresh! 
Mainly writing this review to recognize Tanisha for being so friendly! It seems so hard to find good customer service anymore when you realize a simple "how is your day" catches you off guard!Very good. I was impressed. Hummus and pita were amazing. Didn't love their fries but there was a ton in the bucket I got with my combo. Will be back.I was shopping at Target for some Halloween decorations  for my yard and saw a sign for the new Naf Naf Grill. Since, I needed a bite to eat, I decided to stop off. 
I came in and was greeted by the site of interesting seating options. However, I pretty much forget about that thought after seeing a staff member dancing around. I guess it shows she is excited about her job, but it just seemed unprofessional. Still, I stayed and ordered. 
I decided to order the chicken schwarma hummus bowl. I got it with the chicken schwarma topped off with peppers salad, hummus and one of their sauces. I also got a container of fries on the side. 
My food came out very fast and was pretty hot. I got and seat in one of their booths and began to eat. 
While the food looked very good and healthy, it just wasn't great. I felt as if the chicken really lacked flavor, which threw everything else off. 
The pita bread, which came on the side was immaculate, but it wasn't enough to make up for my bad experience with the chicken schwarma. 
Altogether, I had a pretty average experience at Naf Naf Grill. When on City Line Avenue again, I might stop off.First meal in Philly in a long time and it was great. I know we ate late before closing but we were well served. The place was very clean and pleasing for our first night.Can't wait to go back
It was my first time there, but my wife's second so she had an idea of what the place was like. 
I ordered the steak shawarma bowl with baba ganoush and all the toppings with the tangy sauce and I really enjoyed it. 
My wife got the chicken shawarma bowl with the hummus and all the toppings as well, but got the tahini sauce. I actually thought her's had more flavor and she thought her's was better than mine. 
The place was clean and the workers had a good attitude along with patience in asking our questions. Definitely look forward to going back to this place.They're having a rough time.  My fiance and I stopped in to try it out and they took forever to give us our order, and when they did it was wrong. We were kind of in a hurry and thought we could stop in and get a quick dinner. WRONG.  For starters, there were about 12 people working that night, and no one knew what to do.  There were 3 people cutting a pita wrap for the person in front of us. WHY?  Two of them could have been starting orders from the quickly forming line in back of us.  At the second station, there were about 3 people putting the fixins inside of the pita. Again,  too many people at one station, confusing each other.  There were 3 more people at the last station, bagging orders and then the manager rang up the order.
Soooo... with all of these PEOPLE, why is it that when I got home, my chicken shawarma pita wasn't even in the bag??? So, we had to go allll the way back.  My fiance thought that maybe they just forgot it to put it in the bag, and it would be at the counter, but noooo, they actually stuck it in someone else's bag! We had to wait AGAIN for the sandwich to be made all over again.  Did I mention we were in a hurry? 
Overall, the food was ok. The sauces were pretty spicy, but that was a good thing. Double check your order before you leave, though.I have to revise my previous review because I have gone back to Naf Naf about 5 times since and each time its great.  The staff is MUCH better.  The who I think is the owner is so friendly and really hands on.  The food is great.  So far my favorite is the veggie feast.  I came with my husband and he raved about all the food for the price.  This is definitely my go to!!!!  Great Job!!!Naf Naf! Fun to say and fun to eat!  I love how this delightful little establishment has made this type of food more accessible. The set up is just like a chipotle or what have you...start with this base, add that protein, top with these vegetables, and dump a sauce of your choosing atop your creation. 
So far I've tried the falafel and the chicken. I think I prefer the falafel as they are a bit tidy with the chicken. The hummus is delightful, as is the veggie toppings. I love their pickles, as they are spicy and crunchy bits of heaven. Oh, and the bowls come with a piece of pita bread to scoop up all that goodness stuck to the side of the bowl 
Naf Naf has fun little add ons too the fries are the tits, and the lentil soup is very filling and tasty. I eyed up the baklava which looks delicious but I am yet to try it. 
Give Naf Naf a try for something cheap, different, and satisfying!I went there and was utterly disappointed. There was no one in line, yet it took forever for me to get served. The employee was cleaning the kitchen hood and the serving area while my food was cooking ... and this was only at 6p (way before they close). 
A friend of mine, who ordered chicken (which is already cooked and sitting in a heated area) got diarrhea the next day.
I would not recommend this to anyone.Food is super salty, but you get a lot of food for the price you pay. Similar to chipotle, walk the line and assemble. It was generally packed when it first opened, but the lines have died down quite a bit nowFinally tried this place out!
The concept is simple: a bowl or a pita! So many options to customize makes it a great place to bring everyone. The first time we went the employees were patient with us newbies and let us try sauces and toppings. I got a shawarma bowl with rice and the bf got a steak pita. 
We got different toppings but my favorites are the sumac onions and the Amba (spelling?) sauce! 
The bf "naffed it up" = got a drink and naf naf fries. They are not normal fries, some are crispy like chips and some are super soft and oily...not my fav and I wouldn't order them again. 
After our first visit I had a craving and ordered us dinner to pick up. The order system online is very strange and somewhat difficult to deal with- not sure I'll use it again, but my order was ready on time and correct! 
My one beef with this place is the inconsistency in amount/quality of meat. One time I had nice juicy shawarma the other it was many small burnt pieces with barely any "meat". There was so little I forgot it even had meat. 
Other than that- the pita bread, rice, and toppings are delicious! I'll be back but hope for more consistent quality!The falafel was so dry and nasty! Barf barf grill ! Mcdonald version of middle eastern cuisine just nastyThis place is outstanding.  Food is delicious, and you can even say healthy.  What really sets this place apart is the workers.  Always extremely friendly and helpful.  We love this place and go at least once a week.The staff at this location is amazing and so friendly. The employees working today around 1 pm were outstanding and more than accommodating! It's a pleasure picking up a quick bite here and their awesome staff add to thatFast food middle eastern. Better than a lot of sketchy food trucks, but still fast food. 
Service at this one was good. Everyone was nice and service was quick. Nothing outstandingly great or terrible. Just ok.Was great when it first opened but they are getting a little chintzy with the chicken, which is rarely hot anymore because it's often left uncovered. Consequently, the chicken is too often served at a rather unappetizing room temperature. BLECH!!
(How hard is it to place the cover back on the container?)As someone who is 1/2 Israeli, I have strong opinions about Middle Eastern food... and this place was an unexpected gem!
I didn't know how a "fast food" place would go but this exceeded my expectations. The person behind the counter was nice (and I think had a thing for my sister, ha!). He got our food made and had us checked out pretty quickly.
The falafel was phenomenal - so tasty and perfectly made.
The salad was great too, with a perfect bit of crunch and all the other elements that make an extraordinary salad.
I got tahini which I regretted as I *never* like tahini and don't know why I don't stop trying, ha.
Overall the restaurant was clean, the food was good and fresh, and I'd love to come back again when I'm in the area.Good place to grab lunch. I usually get the salad bowl with chicken. It is really good for a quick lunch option and you get a good portion. The salad bowls are good sized and the portions of meat and toppings are generous. You get a fresh pita with your meal as well. The prices are reasonable and I will definitely be back.I never write reviews but I had to write one about my experience yesterday. I ordered 2 salad bowls. But there was very little lettuce because they ran out. So the employee (looks like Pharrell) tried to split the handful of lettuce between the 2 bowls. He then gave us a little bit of rice. So I asked for more to make up for their not being hardly any lettuce. He kept insisting that I'd have to pay extra for rice....like seriously, the bowl didn't even have hardly any food in it at that point. So I asked to talk with the manager. She came out. I explained my situation to her and then she told him to give me more rice. He did and finished with the rest of my order. I was about to walk out and just walk over and give my business to chipotle. The only reason I didn't was because the manager was nice to us....I'll peep in next time and if he's working, we might just go to chipotle... a little more rice isn't going to kill him.Naf Naf had some tasty food and the atmosphere was nice (awesome choice in music too). I have come here twice with my friends and we speak often about making this our "go to" place for a casual bite. The place is clean and the food was good. One thing I would have to say is I wish they would tell you when something costs extra while you're making your bowl. Other than that it was great! The fries were decent, nothing spectacular. The "spicy" sauces weren't as spicy as I'd hope. The pita was warm and soft. I would come again.
Edit: Nov 2018- I've come here several times since I've posted the review. The workers are consistently kind and easy to talk to. The place is clean and the food is always good! Definitely get the app/sign up for emails to get some nice deals as well. I would recommend this place for something easy, delicious, and quick. Hard to go wrong when you get to customize your own meal!I usually love going to NAF NAF, in spite of the fact that they won't invest in wireless. unfortunately, the Starbucks next door is closing and Naf Caf customers will not be able to get wireless. It is the least that a restaurant can do in 2018.
Today, I tried to sign up for the app. When signing in with Facebook, the tell you that they want access to all of the information and contacts on Facebook. I ended that quickly.
I always get steak and couscous. However, the steak is rarely ready. Today, they had to prepare it while I waited. in addition, they had no oil. The restaurant usually prepares little cups of oil for the various meals that are offered.
While waiting for my meal, I noticed that the floor behind the counter was dirty. When I began my meal,  the cous cous was hard and appeared over cooked. 
I will continue to come, but wish that  these items could be addressed.I'm so happy for this middle eastern addition to the area! Chicken is off the spit and it tastes so good! Plus, the employees here are so nice; my first time I asked 6 million questions and they were so helpful. Just pick your sandwich/bowl, base, protein, and toppings, and you got yourself a fast yet customized meal. Oh, and their pita bread!! It's like eating clouds!I've ordered lunch from here quite a few times now & I love it! It's a no frills, fresh, tasty option. The portions are great as well. I order a extra pita bread with my bowl and it's easily 2 meals. If you love hummus & falafel try this place out. I'm somewhat of a falafel connoisseur and it is a good not great but satisfying option. Prices are reasonable as well.I don't think I've ever written a review before, but my experience here was so terrible that I feel compelled to share. (It was so bad I honestly considered trying to stop people at the door from coming in.)
I came for a quick dinner at 5:30 - so my (reasonable?) assumption was that the food would be fresh. I was, sadly, mistaken.
I ordered a bowl with just chicken & rice and pita on the side. The rice was almost inedible it was so hard, and the chicken was also very old. 
The pita that everyone raves about I assumed would be the saving grace of the meal - wrong again! It was cold and stale.
I ordered my dish with sauce on the side, but at the checkout the cups spilled and knocked sauce all over and into my bowl. No apology or offer to remake my bowl was made.
And while the food was completely disappointing, the bad times didn't stop there! While using the restroom, suddenly heard woman screaming and banging on the door. Taken off guard and assuming there was an emergency, I leapt up to open it. It was an employee who burst in, worried she had lost an earring on the floor. As she left, she turned back and said, "Sorry to interrupt your pee."
An awful experience, from start to finish. I'm bummed! Back to Chipotles I go ...The staff was very friendly and everyone looked like they were working hard. However,   the hummus looked old... With hard crusts.as if it had been sitting out too long. They should keep it covered. The rice was hard or undercooked. One server was on her cell phone while preparing food.Unfortunately, Naf Naf and I haven't been able to get along well. This location used to bring me joy. This time, however, was not the case. 
I ordered a kebab plate and was disappointed when the chicken was undercooked, insipid, and overall not the kebabs I'm used to from Naf Naf. I usually receive chicken thighs for kebabs, not sure why they were breast this time. They also usually have a orange-ish color and this time they were clearly yellow. 
On top of the disappointing food, the person that served me was unwilling to make adjustments due to my dietary restrictions. 
Not sure why, but if a customer asks to change a plate to a bowl or removing an item from a set dish then that should be done.I was a huge fan of the Pei Wei in this location until it became mismanaged and closed.  This cuisine begins to diversify the stale selection of Mexican, Delis, and mediocre chain restaurants. 
This is new blood in the realm of quick serve chain restaurants.  I really liked the schwarma bowl with baba ganoush and all the fixins.  It makes sense to make it a combo and get the fries and drink for an extra $3.25.  I'll be going back again just to change up the cookie cutter choices in the area.I've been to 4 different Naf Nag Grills in the area and always enjoy the fluffy bread.  Our bowls were delicious as usual.  The service was good.  I feel for you guys because it seems to get hectic with the office crowds that come in but service was still cordial.  My main comment is I was disappointed by the bread.  Never had pitas like that in any other Naf Naf.  Seems they were yesterday's reheated.  Not the cloud the bag promises.  Maybe ok for the sandwiches, but not served with the bowls which is what we got.Quick, inexpensive and tasty like a Mediterranean type chipotle. It was a 1st time visit for me. I ordered a chicken kabob platter for $11.99. It came with two skewers of tender chicken, hummus, cucumber salad, basmati rice, pickles, falafel and the freshly made pitas bread. There was a white sauce in a cup on the side.  I also grabbed some unsweetened iced tea from the fountain drink dispenser. I sat down at a clean table and enjoyed my lunch.  I was curious about the baba ghanoush and the baklava, but what I had was so filling, I just couldnt eat another thing. If I could change anything, I would prefer a slightly less dark falafel, otherwise, it was pretty good!I enjoyed the shawarma, even though I could detect the cilantro in the salad topping. The hummus and tahini were good; the warm, soft, fluffy pita and Naf fries were great. We're unlikely to be back much, though, because the falafel (and, it seemed, even the couscous) was just too salty for my husband with HBP. Pleasant, patient service, explaining the dishes to these two noobs.What I Got: 
-Chicken Kebab Plate
Price: 
-$11.19
Product: 
-chicken kebab, well-cooked and flavorful
-falafel, crisp, average taste 
-hummus, "store bought", "not authentic"
-white sauce, nice kick of spice, overpowering garlic taste
-red cabbage, unnecessary
-pickles, weird tasting, not typical
-cucumber/tomato, tastes as you would expect
-6.5/10
Improvements: 
-add more meat value to food plate
-feel as though there is a lot of filler content between the red cabbage, pickles, cucumber/tomato 
Worth the Value?
-no, would not reorderI honestly want my money back but it was true my a lesson learned. I went to the restaurant on City Ave two days ago and I ordered a two choice meat platter. I ordered the chicken and falafel platter.  The chicken was old and dried out as if it was yesterday's chicken also the yellow rice was stale and old. For the platter to have so many choices it was really blan had no taste chemistry going for itself.  The best taste out of all the food I ordered was my hummus and pita.  Everything else was a total lost.  I've tried way better food trucks that have them beat. Save your money.Craving Mediterranean food, my friend recommended naf naf and boy was I glad they did. 
You have the choice of a bowl or pita sandwich. I went with the pita sandwich filled with chicken, hummus and all the vegetables available and the very spicy sauce. Warning sauce is very spicy (like runny nose spicy) but so good.
Pita was fluffy and sandwich was good.
Clean restaurant and friendly staff.This was Delicious Middle Eastern food with great customization options!
I am not an expert in Middle Eastern cuisine, however if you are craving that specific style of flavors, this certainly hits the spot!
I got a hummus bowl with chicken shawarma with a side of falafel.The service was quick and very friendly (shoutout to tash who was the one who served me and answered my abundance of questions very patiently!) It is styled like Chipotle/Subway, so you can design and customize your own bowl/pita. They have various options such as pickles, hummus, onions, eggplant, and many other condiments, sauces and toppings! I added almost all of them to my order, and they went together so well! Each bowl also comes with a pita which is delightfully light & fluffy. It really helps balance out the whole meal!
I was most impressed with both the falafel , which was crispy and savory, and the chicken shawarma which was so tasty, and will keep me coming back! 
Overall the place was quick, convenient, extremely tasty, with affordable, healthy and diverse options!Great food great service... ordered veggie bowl and lentil soup... delish for a chain.This is really good and decent prices!  I ordered through Door Dash for a quick meal and everything was on point.  Pitas were soft and still warm... good flavors all around!
Will be ordering for more work lunches.Stopped in on a Sunday afternoon and the food was okay, but the restroom was filthy. Made me wonder about the cleanliness of the kitchen.I love Mediterranean food so it comes as no shock that I love naf naf grill. Do I feel huge after eating it? Yes, but to its defense you don't have to necessarily eat the entire bowl in one sitting. I ordered a basmati rice falafel bowl ahead of time. This took about 20 minutes. The food was moderately fresh and although it erred on the saltier side, I still thoroughly enjoyed it. Pro tip: skip the "fries" they are sad old slivered potatoes. There is nothing desirable about them at all.Similar to Chipotle, you go down the line choosing what you would like added to your bowl. The chicken shawarma is delicious. The green and red sauce are pretty spicy hot, consider asking for them on the side before it gets dumped into your entire bowl! Recommend: hummus bowl, and to eat the pita bread when warm (may disappear quickly).Stopped in here for the first time today to grab a quick bite for lunch. First off the atmosphere was clean, comfortable, and professional but fun. We were greeted promptly by one of the very friendly woman behind the counter. She could tell we haven't been here before so she went out of her way to not only explain each item but also made recommendations for us so we had the best experience possible. The other woman at the register was very friendly, ensuring we got everything in our order while also asking us if we'd like to "naf it up" by adding more to our meals. She also told us about their rewards program on their app and recommended it to us if we planned on coming back, which after the great service we received today, we will definitely be doing. I didn't catch their names but whoever was working Thursday afternoon around 3pm thank you for going above and beyond!I was hungry and i was near this place where the options around were not that great. And few minutes later i check yelp and find this "Chipotle" style joint. Mind you chipotle was also next to it . Anyhow saw its AD about pick two plate for 11.99 which would get me two protein, turmeric basmati rice, chicken/steak/falafel, and tabouleh salad as you see in the picture. It was a little pricy but the taste of Mediterranean food over chipotle is like sold to me. Rating the overall place, food quality , taste and lastly quantity of food for price, i can give 4 star to this place. 
Falafels were so juicy and fresh, oh man i would just like to have a plate of those on some other days. Basmati rice were so flavorful with a hint of turmeric that i just did jot want to stop, but you know you got to control your carbs right? Thats what they all say!
Lastly, salads and sauces(tahini and hot) were typical
To their Mediterranean flavor and nothing really felt odd.We've visited  Naf Naf quite a few times  within the past few months. Located near the target off of city ave. Plenty of parking and affordable prices. We opt for the you pick two plate which comes with either chicken, steak or falafel (2). On the plate is an assortment of veggies (my personal favorite are the pickles) and a choice of sauce. Each plate also comes with  a pita- they're so fully. It's like eating a cloud. I recommend signing up for their rewards program because every $100 you get a free entree. 
The food is always hot and pitas are warm. Everyone who works there is always so friendly and have a smile on their face. The only thing I would take a Star away is for the speed of service. It's never very busy but it seems to take a while for the food to go down the line.We LOVE this place. In fact, my kids have been begging me to write a review, as they worry that the place isn't typically very busy when we go. Both my kids (9 and 11) LOVE eating here--it's one of their favorite places to go. The food is healthy (or at least reasonably so), the portions are huge, it's reasonably priced, and the food is delicious! Definitely a great option for a quick meal that's better than typical "fast" food!I went here for their Grand Opening free meal...
I gotta say that for coming near the end of their free meal promotion that day, the folks here were in full swing, making sure that everyone was enjoying their visit and entertained. 
Inside, there was plenty ty of staff making sure that the wait was kept to a minimum. 
I decided on the steak pita... The choices were chicken, steak, and veggie.  This thing was huge... Plenty of vegetables, cheese, and condiments to put inside of your pita. 
It was nice to have another fast food type option besides Chinese, chicken,  pizza, and burgers. 
I get that this was a grand opening experience. But they did it well from their end of the day pleasantries, DJ playing music, and the food that was served...
I wish them well and hope that they can keep up this Chik Fil A type of customer service throughout. 
Now, I have to find one closer to my home!!Salty. The meat was ridiculously salty. I paid $10 for a bowl and couldn't eat it because everything was so salty. What a waste of money. Won't be back. 
The young lady at the front was awesome though, hence the one star.This isn't specific to this particular location as the restaurant itself and service here are fine. This chain just isn't very good. The pita bread is the only thing that's decent. Other than that, the rice is bland, the chicken is dry and bland...everything is bland. It almost seems like they dye the food interesting colors to make it look flavorful given that I can't taste any of the spices. Fast food Mediterranean food isn't a new concept, so there really isn't a good excuse why the food here should be so mediocre.Came here for lunch. Clean establishment. Staff was extremely friendly. We were helped by a gentleman named Ashanti. He went above and beyond to provide awesome customer service, explaining everything in great detail. My wife and myself settled on the steak pita sandwich. The sandwich ingredients were fresh and delicious. The food was great but the customer service won me over the most. Five star service!!Needed a light dinner the other night and decided to branch out from the ordinary and give this place a try. To sum it up, it's basically the middle eastern chipotle. It's a great alternative for anyone with a spicy palette or desiring some different flavor profiles. 
I really enjoyed my steak bowl - rice was very flavorful and the toppings are colorful, wholesome and tasty. They made fresh steak for me which was nice! The pita bread is literally the freshest, softest - really like a cloud! Rice bowls are a decently sized portion - I was able to save my leftovers and eat for lunch the following day. 
Can't wait to return to try other combinations!Excellent lunch! 
I'm a bit of a foodie, and typically stay away from fast food. Also annoyingly militant about America's crappy diet, the obesity epidemic, and the insidious mental illness that comes from is it eating lousy food.
But today I had the chicken shwarma bowl, loaded up with shredded cabbage, onion and other toppings. Really hit the mark.
The tables all needed wiping, so I skipped that and ate out in the parking lot, in my truck. Not a big deal.Pretty good. Chicken Shwarma Bowl with Basmati Rice , veggies, extra garlic and a little harissa sauce.  The star of theeal is the fluffiest pita I ever had.  Enough to save for a second helping.  I will go again.Everyone commenting on this are absolute haters who clearly don't know what good food tastes like. Absolutely delicious, fresh, with lots of choice and very polite and helpful workers! I got the steak bowl. I was shocked about how much you actually get, and all the toppings taste amazing too! Loved it and makes a change from the usual tasteless meat at takeouts with no spices used.A great alternative to the typical fast casual choices. Plus it's healthy! I liked that the owner was super friendly and service was fast and friendly. I especially enjoyed their pita, baba gonoush, and sauces. Portions are huge! Hope the best for this establishment.When this location first opened, it was stellar- quick service, fresh food, and a clean dining area. With my most recent visit, I can not say that any of those hold true. My husband and I stopped by for a quick dinner. When we approached the counter, we were not greeted, but simply stared down until we said something. The person serving us through the build your own line had an ear bud in one ear and barely made audible grunts as we made our selections. They were not willing to make any more falafel as it was less than an hour until closing, which was disappointing. We were the only ones in the dining room as we ate our meals. It's disappointing because we enjoy the food, but there are plenty of quick Mediterranean options available, so it's unlikely we'll return in the near future.I'm a little disappointed in this location. I ordered from the app.. I waited about 20+ mins to pick up my food. When I went in.. i asked.. where do I pick up my to go order? They pointed to my bowl that was still open and sitting on the line. 
I used the bathroom and came back to find my food still not touched. By this point I stop the guy that's helping someone new now and ask for him to finish my food first. He was so confused. Like yes, that soggy mess of food is mine and I ordered it now over 30 mins ago. 
I don't know if they actually put chicken in my bowl.. everything was melted together. 
I don't think I would come back to this location. The KOP location is a lot better in my
opinion.Yummy!!!! I have never seen a place like this that serves  Mediterranean food thats a pick and choose!!!! I loved it!!!! Everything was fresh and yummy. I will go back for sure!!! The staff was very friendly and helpful when I was trying to decide what to out im my pita...So I have to say for fast food I was impressed.  I had the chicken shawarma in a pita with garlic sauce and a tomato cucumber salad. I just needed something quick, and this really hit the spot. I was in and out and back to work in just a few minutes.  The place seems to be new and it was really clean inside.  The person taking my order was really nice and since I had never been here helped me by giving a few suggestions.  
I am only in town for a few weeks for work, but I would like to try and get back to try a few more things.  Overall I think the food here is well worth the price you pay.  So if you need good food fast I would say swing in and give it a try.I drive by this place all the time and finally decided to give it a try... When I arrived no other patrons were present but I had to wait because the employees were doing other things - BUT one eventually stopped what she was doing to wait on me... I ordered a pick 2 platter with falafel and chicken shawarma - this platter also comes with basmati rice, hummus, chopped salad, purple cabbage and tabouli salad with a warm pita on the side. 
Overall my food was good - the falafel did seem like it was sitting for a little while and was just warm... If you are looking for a quick fix of Mediterranean fare, this MIGHT hit the spot.Get. It. Together... the food was alright, cold but alright. The service was terrible 2 people in line and I waited 25 min... dirty as all get out, people reaching over the glass... I didn't order a side of arm hair. Get some more training in this location, it's not that hard to get it right...Miserable staff. 5:30 pm with 8 of us going for dinner, we're told, after we ordered food, that the dining area was closed. We had to eat outside in the cold at night with children and senior in a public square.  Place was empty with 3 staff working. Told that they didn't have enough staff for us to dine inside. Chicken was cooked and dried out. I'll never return or recommend this placeI give Naf Naf a 5-star rating because it stands up very well as a Mediterranean restaurant, not because it reflects my personal taste (as I'm not so much a fan of Mediterranean food).
It's taken me a long time to visit Naf Naf, mostly because I equated it as Indian food (which I pretty much hate); but a friend said that it's not Indian food, it's Mediterranean food. So my curiosity got piqued enough for me to take up a visit with her and check it out. And I'm glad that I went out of my comfort zone to try this.
Naf Naf operates as many restaurants do on the Chipotle-style trend: in front of the counter you pick your protein, you pick your condiments, you pick your toppings, etc. to make your dish. 
The Naf Naf claim to fame seems to be the Shawarma chicken; but the counter folks could not give me a straight answer as to whether the chicken was all white meat or if it was a combination of white & dark. So I skipped it and chose the steak bowl - adding basmati rice, chopped salad, purple cabbage, pickles, sumac onions, and the hot harissa sauce. One of the house-made pitas come with each bowl; and I "Naf'd it up" to make it a combo with Naf Naf fries and a drink. It came out to a little over $13.
I was pleasantly surprised that the meal was completely delicious! The steak was hot and lean and well seasoned. The veggie accompaniments were all crispy fresh and also well seasoned. The harissa sauce added some much-enjoyed heat to the bowl to top it off. Before I finished, I told my pal that I would absolutely look forward to ordering this again. 
Allow me also to mention how soft and delicious the on-premise-made pita was, the thin-sliced Naf Naf fries were great, you can get drink refills at the soda fountain (and old-style Coke-based machine), everything seems pretty clean, the dining area is bright and modern, and my pal enjoyed her baklava dessert.
I certainly am not saying that I look forward to meals here as much as the former occupant of this particular space (my beloved Pei Wei), but I will say that I enjoyed Naf Naf more than I thought I would - and could already see myself coming back for more. 
I hope to get a better answer about whether the Chicken Shawarma is white meat only or if it is a mix of white & dark. But I won't demote my first impression rating because of that. The employees here certainly were super-nice, otherwise.
Naf Naf probably better serves this particular section of the city than the former occupant; and it seems to be doing well, judging by the amount of people that were around.
By all means, give Naf Naf a shot - it certainly stands up well for the type of cuisine that it is!Good food most of the time but slow af!!! Staff are incredibly slow here. Heaven help you if you stop by around lunch time on a weekday. Might as well be the DMV.A great spot for when I'm craving falafel at my desk! For less than $9 I get a couscous bowl with falafel and all the fixings plus a piece of pita! It's is a great amount of food, and just like the bag says, the pita is like a cloud... this is a prime location in center city with outdoor seating next door! The main complaint is that lines can get crazy during the lunch rush. Even the online ordering can get backed up, but that doesn't keep me from coming back!It scratches the same general itch as Dizen Goff when I don't have the time to make it over there. Slightly less expensive as well. 
Their pita and hummus are fine, but not as good as Dizen Goff. The steak shawarma had a slight gamey taste, which was unexpected, but didn't put me off. The chicken shawarma is significantly better. I was excited about the baklava, but it didn't ultimately taste of anything.
I wouldn't wait in line for this stuff, and the lines do get long. If there's no wait, it's not bad.Food is good but they have some serious customer service issues. They are rude and you can tell they are unhappy. There is a new person every time I go, which is at least twice a week. Service is very inconsistent. I will try it one more time but that would be it. I always have to wait for falafels to be cooked too. Isn't this a fast food place?Loved this joint! Great Mediterranean food and plenty of options for vegetarians. This is an excellent lunch spot in center city especially to grab a quick lunch to bring back to work. Every time I've gotten a very fresh meal and its been super tasty. Pita was also great too. Would definitely recommend.Been here 4 times since they opened and will continue to return. Consistently good food, exactly how you like it and fantastic service as well.I love all things middle eastern so I was super excited when I saw that they were opening so close to home and work. I will say that your experience is HIGHLY dependent on the staff at the moment that you are ordering. Literally the key to having a good experience at this location i'd say. I have been here 7-8 times and sometimes they have no meat, sometimes there is no cucumber salad, one time there wasn't even any pita. One time I think they gave me something older and I did get sick.
That being said, the few times that I did have the ideal naf naf experience it was awesome. I really like the shwarma and all the sauces. They are flavorful but not overpowering. I also enjoy all the fixings they are (usually) so good! The pita is always light and fluffy and perfectly baked. I tried the garlic sauce for the first time and it was on par with some fancier restaurants I have been to. I will go back for my shwarma fix but I do just wish they tried a little harder!So excited to have a new hummus/falafel place near the office. I'm always a little skeptical of quick serve/fast food concept places. Worry the quality will suffer. But this place is fantastic! Hummus and Baba are on point. And the falafel was great! I tried the veggie bowl and it was delish! The pita tastes fresh and the sauces were really good as well. They were quick to serve and I will definitely be back soon!The food is really good but they nickel and dime you for everything. Extra scoop of rice, that will be two dollars. You want lettuce, that will be extra. Really  - it's just lettuce and rice! These are cheap ingredients. You are better off leaving the customer happy. Lastly, there is no price transparency. There are step by step instructions on how to build a bowl but I have no idea how much each thing costs. I will go back when I am craving it but ordering is painful.Won't be my favorite in the city, but it's convenient, lines aren't too long, and pretty good. not a huge fan of the Naf Naf fries though.Pita is the best thing in there. The service is excellent. The food lacks flavor. Very colorful, that draws you in until you taste it. Mamma's have nothing to worry about.Bossy cashier tell me to go stand over there and she is pointing.. tell me not to put my phone on the counter.. so many things I must not doinstead of asking me politely. Not the first time.
The new manager scares me every timeat least the food is gd.. better than the serviceBeen here twice after my interest was piqued from seeing it every day on my commute. You get a lot of food and it's tasty and filling. I've had the steak and the chicken with rice, but the meat itself doesn't knock my socks off; however I think next time I may get just the yellow rice with the cucumber/tomato salad, onions, and tzatziki sauce. The pita bread is nice and fluffy, and the fries are really good; both time they've been made on the spot for my order.
I've visited toward the evening hours and it hasn't been busy at those times. Staff was friendly and patient.I haven't even taken a bite of my sandwich yet, but wanted to take a minute to speak on the amazing service I just received.
I placed an order around 12:45ish this afternoon, was prompted that my order would be ready at 1:20, I completed my purchase and meandered around the Rittenhouse Square area waiting to pick up my meal. I arrived and for whatever reason, my order wasn't showing up on their end. They took a couple minutes looking and the gentleman working told me to not worry and they whipped my order up right there on the spot. 
They've created a return customer out of me based on this instance alone.A pleasant option. We had an early dinner here. Everyone ordered something different and each choice was tasty.   The bowls seemed to be the better option.  The room was clean and the staff was efficient.Such a disappointment! Seriously, any of the near by halal trucks have better stuff than this place. I got a chicken and rice bowl with salad and pickles. The rice was so dry and everything else was just mediocre. I also got a baklava, which was soggy. Just never again, save your money.UPDATE: since my initial review, I have actually tried this place. I ordered and paid online to hasten the process, and I'm glad that I did because when I went to pick up my food, the line circled the dining room. I ordered the chicken shawarma basmati rice bowl with marinated onions and garlic sauce. Eh...the chicken lacked flavor, and was a little dry to me, and the rice was also missing something. I thought that the marinated onions would add flavor...not really. I ordered two falafel just to try and they were good, not better than Mama's Vegetarian, but good. The BEST thing that I had (from a $12 lunch) was the pita. The pita was GREAT! It was warm soft and fluffy and the reason I upgraded my review from 1 star to 3. Would I eat here again...probably not. I can get the same food better and cheaper elsewhere.Wow this was unexpectedly delicious. Very clean. EXTREMELY nice, helpful staff. Decent amount of food. Ordered the chicken shawarma pita sandwich with garlic sauce, onions, pickles, and some other white sauce too. Amazingly fresh. Yellow rice was only so-so. Had naflava in sea salt and caramel (think sticky, crispy pastry with finely ground nuts) for dessert. Definitely getting that every time I go there. Highly recommend.In England, naff is not a compliment. You don't want to hear 'That was naff.' about your food or service. My visit to Naf Naf Grill yesterday was ironic in that all I could think afterward was 'They should rename themselves, Naff Naff Grill.'
Where was the manager? The assembly of bowls, Chipotle-style, looked like they had four new staff on the line who had all just started. More backups than the Schuylkill heading west out of Philly on a Friday afternoon.
Four people, shoulder to shoulder, getting frustrated with each other.
No pita bread. Yes, no pita bread. For a middle eastern restaurant, that's McDonald's without buns, an English fish and chip shop without potatoes. As SNL asks; Really?
No falafel. Stand to the side please, it's cooking. We can serve those who want steak or chicken with their hummus, but we ran out of falafel. Really?2
Bowl assembly person 1 "Sorry, because we have no pita, we'll give you some fries, instead." 
Bowl assembly persons 2, 3, and 4, and the cashier - no one added fries to the half-empty bowl of hummus and salad (No falafel or pita, now no fries either.) Really?3
The hummus was good. Not $7.95 good, though. 
Amateur hour at the Naff Naff Grill.I have been going to Mama's for falafel sandwiches and when this place opened up I was hesitant first but I finally made it there n loved the idea of having rice or couscous bowl with all sorts of fresh toppings and sauces. I thought the food was good and falafel was cooked properly. BUT as any other franchise food goes, the quality tends to deter as time goes on. Last 2 times I went Falafel looked cooked but when you bite into it, it's actually RAW which isn't really appetizing and not good for your stomach. I think they are cooking at a high temp to fast track the process and not letting it cook on right temperature all the way as its suppose to. I don't think I will be going back there even for their rice and couscous. I will walk another block and go to Mama's.Went in here more than an hour before closing just to be told they didn't have chicken or steak at the time. On top of it, workers are so rude, they act like they're doing you a favor. But the customer service department is on top of it and replied quickly to my email. I'll give them another shot at a different location.No, no, do not go! Food tastes bad. We both tossed salad bowls after just a few bites. Steak has a funky seasoned coating on it... chicken bland and not fresh. The only edible item was the warm pitas that accompanied the salad. With so many great center city options, this was such a disappointing meal.So I get what they are trying to do here but the problem is unless the cuisine is a novelty for you then it is really nothing great. The food is just ok. They are applying a subway style fast food approach to middle eastern food. That is what you are getting fast food. The problem lies in the fact that there are numerous carts on the surrounding streets doing similar food much better. I opted to try their steak shawarma. The meat was not very flavorful but the hummus they rimmed the bowl with was pretty solid. The rest of the pick what you want topics are pretty mild in flavor. Not the best but not terrible, middle of the road which is what I expect from a fast food place. Also being asked if I would like it "Naf it up!" is a lame phrase for combo adding sides like fries. I feel sorry for ever staff member that has to repeat that line all day.i absolutely love their steak shawarma in a pita and fries that were made fresh for us! i felt however the pita portions are a little small for that price. Also the service was good and friendly, but a little slowVery good! I was pleasantly surprised by the flavor and freshness. I would go back again and order the chicken shwarma!Naf Naf Grill has decent options for a fast-casual middle eastern place. I probably shouldn't have tried the chicken shawarma rice bowl, because overall it didn't taste any better than the "chicken over rice" I typically get from food trucks nearby, but cost me twice as much. (The flavors, of course were a bit different - less spicy, greasier, and pretty salty.) I would probably come back to try another bowl - maybe the baba ganoush, as I've heard good things about it. The pita bread that came with the dish tasted fresh and was very fluffy and soft. 
The portion was decent, but I noticed that I was given a smaller portion than other customers who ordered the exact same thing, but who were larger people. I know I'm petite, but it's kind of uncool for me to pay the same amount as everyone else if I'm getting less food! Perhaps I should point this out next time and ask for a discount, lol... Other than that, the service was good. Still... tough for me to feel compelled to eat here often with so many similar options nearby.For a fast food chain, it's really worth the visit. Order online to avoid the lines. You get a free pita and all the ingredients taste fresh in this branch. I had to try the chicken shawarma after watching the Avengers extra scene. This is just my personal preference, but ask for a bowl. You get so much more than the pita, and it's easier to eat.The food was ok but man the service was horrendous!!!!!!! I had two separate orders and a question about the size of the different things on the menu so that I could order something appropriate as it was my first time there. The girl behind the counter acted completely aggravated and very rude with my TWO questions. I ordered them stepped over to pay. There were two girls standing at the cash register, I had two separate orders and for whatever reason each of them decided to take one but ask me questions at the same exact time. I told them to please talk to me *one* at a time as they were both asking me the same thing about each order "if I wanted to naf it up with French fries". Really!?? I go to answer and the girl who was making my second order starts yelling at me from 5 feet away if I want veggies and pickles on the second order. Since I'm at the register trying to answer these two robots talking over each other, I don't hear her and she gets annoyed and yells "hey lady I talkin' to you!" Stunned, I look up and I'm like "um, what?!" I tell her to just add the veggies and I am humiliated in front of everyone else in line. Awful. Then I turn back to the cashiers to pay for my orders and again they ask (AT THE SAME TIME) if I want to "naf it up". I COUDN'T WAIT TO GET THE HECK OUT OF THERE!! Where do they find these people????!!!!!Read about Naf Naf Grill in Philadelphia magazine. They offer somewhat different food options than the usual Philly fare. I became a fan of shawarma after seeing the Avengers and visiting Dubai. The shawarma was good and filling. The pita bread was different than what was offered in Dubai, but it was good nonetheless. There were more sauce options than I was use to. Unfortunately , I couldn't try them all on my first visit but that gives me a reason to return.Man, they gave me lots of food for about $9. I usually eat a lot, but this time I barely finished the whole meal. The meat is really good. Better than I expecred.Rude rude rude. Was served by a reddish haired middle aged woman. I smiled, greeted her (I was in a fab mood before I stepped in) and all I got was a loud "what do you want". Not a single smile the whole time. And in the end, when I asked for a bag with handles for my take out, she barks "you need to spend more to get that bag!". Wow. First of all, that's crap policy - I bought two meals shy of $20 and the flimsy little brown bag was bursting at the bottom - and second, what's with the attitude? This location used to be a lot better when it was newly open. Now the food is inconsistent - meat was dry and flavorless, portions were tiny - and the service is completely lacking. The King of Prussia branch has much friendlier staff and the food there is usually more consistent. I'm just gonna stick to getting my Naf Naf over there.Stumbled into this fast mediterranean eatery and was so surprised by the quality and flavor! I got the chicken shawarma rice bowl with onions, pickles and yogurt sauce. It was a great mix of flavours and the meat was well spiced with cumin and other things I couldn't identify. I also had a side of fries that were more like slices of fried potatoes, but we're actually very good!Tasty meal for about $9. Essentially a Chipotle/Qdoba type of spot, but for shwarma and falafel.Great place for vegans and vegetarians! The food was fresh and delicious. I actually liked it better than Mama's vegetarian which is like right around the corner from this place. I'll definitely be back again.Checked out Naf Naf Grill last week (conveniently it is located right near my work which is a big plus!). I like how you choose your base, then meat, toppings, and sauce. I went with the pita with falafel with the tomato/cucumber mixture, red cabbage and added hummus to the inside of the pita. They also have various sauces to choose from - I went with Tahini which they drizzled on top. The pita itself was soo soft and warm (I believe they bake it fresh) and I would definitely order it again. I also got a side of chips which were okay. Next time I would like to try the hummus base with chicken schwarma!Thought I'd give this new neighborhood place a try but very disappointed. Tried the chicken shawarma with couscous. Chicken was cold, slimy and didn't taste like real chicken...I happened to pass by this place on my walk from the train station to my hotel. It's great for a quick fix of classic Middle Eastern food (falafel, shwarma) that is well-made and tasty. The price is right too!Really delicious and fresh ingredients, but definitely take a few minutes and order online rather than waiting in line! 
The pita is super soft and fluffy, and pairs well with a side of hummus (which is delicious all by itself). Great ability to personalize your meal and make it exactly how you'd like it.
I might consider requesting "extra sauce" next time I order a bowl, as there wasn't enough to incorporate fully into the bowl.
The "fries" are actually more of a chip, and while it only had a little crunch, it had good flavor and helped with the burn of the harissa sauce.
Cute dining space, just really small! Judging by the line, not all of the patrons would be able to eat in the dining room if they wanted to. For the time being, there is outdoor seating available, but that window is quickly closing.
Will definitely be coming back. A weekend visit might be better, where it will hopefully be less crowded!Good food. It may have been because we can 30 min before close but the meat was a little on the dry side.  The menu is also very limited. 
Spotlight: the falafel was made fresh for us and it is the best I've had in a while. I'd go back for itWell priced, lighter lunch option in the area that's a good choice if you're working in the area. I typically enjoy the hummus bowl option, and you really can't go wrong with any of the proteins they have available. Everything here tastes fresh and the staff is friendly and accommodating if you have any questions, or are looking for recommendations for your meal customizations.
Service is quick which also makes this a great place to grab something when you're on the run, but there's also pretty good seating that turns over pretty quickly in the space which makes it a good spot to dine in as well.A lot more expensive and not really worth the money. Mams falafels near by to them has good cost effective options. Naf naf does not have whole wheat options. Even for a small teas spoon extra hummus they want 1.5$ extra. And guys here make sandwich too messy. They really need to learn from Mama's on how to make a sandwich.First time going and it was so good! I was walking visiting the area and decided to stop in because it smelled so good. They have different fixing which you can put on a bowl or in a pita. I got the chicken shawarma salad bowl. It came with a side a pita and reasonably priced. The atmosphere was chill, environment clean, and service was good. Definitely will hit this place up again when I'm in the area.Was craving a good sharwarma when I stumbled upon this place.  Really good portions. And the servers are very friendly. 
Chicken sharwarma in a pita or a bowl is too good! Tons of sauces to choose from!
I've been back there at least 5x since.Wow! I was looking forward to a posh dinner in Philadelphia, but First I stumbled upon Naf Naf for a snack. The concept is like chipotle where you pick your protein and your style and you go down the line. But really it is extremely delicious Middle Eastern food. My son does not usually like falafel and Shwarma But he thought they were extremely delicious here. The fresh fries that are like warm potato chips are delicious. The falafel is super fresh. And they have great baba ghanouj and very fluffy pita. Also the people who work here are extremely nice. Big ups to Dreamane and Anaya and the young man who was working on Wednesday at 3:30 PM. Five enthusiastic stars for naff naff!Naf Naf Grill is less than a block away from where I now work.  Add to that its fast-causal approach, and it should be in line to becoming my one of my regular go to spots.  Based on my visits thus far, it has not earned this kind of 'tier 1' status just yet.
Their menu offers pita sandwiches, rice, couscous, or salad bowls, and also a hummus bowl.  All can be made with chicken, steak, or falafel.  They also offer some extensive veggie options, but I haven't had a chance to try any of them just yet.
I found my chicken pita sandwich to be A-Ok.  It was made to order and quick to deliver.  My steak couscous bowl wasn't quite what I had hoped for.  The portion just didn't seem to add up and the steak didn't have much flavor.  However, it too was made to order.
Net - I'm not writing Naf Naf off just yet, but I am looking at other options instead of just making it my regular spot.  It has location potential at least...Naf Naf is like the Mediterranean version of Chipotle, except it's faster and tastier than Chipotle (yeah, that's right, I said it). I really appreciate all the vegetarian options and that they label them on the menu. The Veggie Delight is definitely a great value and very tasty. The falafel is crispy, and the pita is warm and fresh. I also really dig the sumac onions and purple cabbage. Some of the sauces are a bit odd, but the garlic and tahini sauces are yummy. I will say the "fries" are really more like homemade potato chips, which is disappointing. Overall it's a great lunch spot!Great food. The hummus was creamy and delicious and the shwarma was very good too. The baba ganoush was slightly lighter than expected but none the less the quality of the bread made it taste great. It was my first time eating at naf naf and I will defintely go there again when im in philly.Stumbled upon this place and don't regret it. This place is similar to a chipotle but for Middle Eastern food. I opted for the Beef Shawarma bowel with rice, hummus, veggies, onions, and a jalapeo sauce. The dish was accompanied by pita bread. 
I loved it all!! The hummus was great and well seasoned. The beef was freshly cooked and tasty, the rice was average, the veggies and onions were a good add on and balanced out the flavors. My jalapeo dressing was an added bonus, it gave the food the added kick that in love.
Staff was average, it was pretty empty when I went so they looked more bored. 
Overall good choice and yes I would go back!Truly excellent falafel. Also very good hummus. The harissa hot sauce was delicious and very savory. I prefer flat pitas, these were the puffy kind, but fresh, warm and tasty. Surprisingly great meal for a medi chain. Will definitely eat here again.The food is mediocre but what seals the deal in giving this location a one star review is the service. The restaurant is beyond stingy and berates customers when they ask for toppings. I had an employee demonstrate in front of me he thought I was given the proper portion by trying to spread the topping out to give it a fuller appearance. When I asked for more, they decided to toss the extra topping in front of my face rather than to add it to my bowl. 
The manager is the driving force with treating customers as money making machines rather than patrons trying to enjoy their food. Her toxic personality has filtered down on the employees there.Falafel is fried fresh when you order, pita was soft and fresh, and big portion sizes! Be careful, the green sauce is pretty hot, Red is even hotter!Delicious shawarma in a casual to-go or sit-in establishment similar to Halal Guys or Chipotle style. We especially enjoyed the falafel - made fresh for us !  Also the  tzatziki sauce is legittttFood is decent and filling but the place is so dirty it's enough to make me not go back with fear of how things are actually prepped. There's food spilled all over the counter where the staff put together your food. The floors are also dirty and you can see their work stations behind the counter are not kept clean or organized either. The staff is also under whelming, and robotic. No greeting, no emotion, let alone any type of eye contact. Might as well automate it with robots for cheaper production.The meat is marinated and flavorful. Every piece of meat has the outside crisp edge it gets on the spit, every single piece. The hummus is near perfect, not whipped consistency or too thin.  All of their salads are very tasty and fresh. I got the steak shwarma with a couple falafel on the side. The falafel are 75 cents a piece for a large ball of perfectly done falafel. The bread is baked onsite and is the perfect thickness to retain all of the juices from the salads and tahini. Finally, cheap good Arabic food in CC.After I ordered my food I asked if they had any boxes of baba ghanoush left, the guy looked at me in a very unhappy and sort of upset manner and said I would have to make one for you. So I said no thanks that's fine. Then the woman who rang me up I asked her if I can get a bag she said bags are only for big orders and she asked me if I wanted a receipt and I said yes but she never gave me one. Really not the greatest customer service. I'll definitely look for other places near by as this is not worth it at allQuick stop pre ice skating for a healthy dinner.
Started with a mix of spinach and spring mix, perfectly grilled juicy chicken for my protein then added literally every topping except for feta ( sumac onions, olives, radish salad, beet slaw, julienned carrots, chickpeas) just to name a few, topped with a heaping scoop of hummus... all for $10!
Everything is fresh and the portions are huge. 
The falafel and pita looked good too but we weren't trying to carry anything around so something to look forward to next time.
A must go for center city dwellers looking for a quick healthy and filling meal.Naf Naf is a great fast casual addition to the area. It's like Chipotle in that you decide on pita vs. bowl, select a protein, and then go crazy with salad and garnishes. I've tried a few combos and my favorite is pita + hummus + chicken shawarma + chopped salad + purple cabbage + extra garlic sauce (which makes me self-conscious about my breath, but it's totally worth it).
I had always been good and never had ordered the fries, but then the nice cashier offered me free ones to sample...AND THEY WERE FREAKING DELICIOUS. Now I'm afraid to go back since I won't have any self control around those fries, but I know I'll be happily lured back soon enough.Great Mediterranean place in Center City. The staff is friendly and quick and the place is very clean. Excellent chicken shawarma with tasty toppings. They have pitas and bowls...everything is great.I love the Naf. I live the Naf. I am the Naf.
This is a pretty good falafel/shawarma place if you're looking for something quick and painless. It's in the style of a Chipotle or Subway in that you build your own sandwich or bowl down a line while viewing it through a glass window. It's a good concept that works for the type of food served. I got a falafel sandwich with a variety of fixings. The pita is pretty big, and the employees are generous with servings. My only complaint about this location (it's the sole Naf Naf I've been to) is that it was pretty understaffed when I stopped in. But I doubt that's typical.Dream come true!! I have longed for a fast food type service with good mediterranean cuisine. Naf Naf has made their mark. It was not like what I had in Dubia but it will do!!! This was a great find. This was my husbands first time trying mediterranean and Naf Naf helped me give him a taste of why I rave of about shawarmas, hummus, and falafels!!! We are hooked!!!!THIS place...the line is a JOKE! For falafel and shawarma??? First of all, they set up around the corner from Mama's...selling falafel. I can ONLY assume that the people who are willing to wait in the line that wraps around the tiny dining room (and pay the price) at this place for falafel either have never tried Mama's OR they just don't have cash (which Mama requires). Every time I try to come here, the line fills the dining room! Which...wouldn't be a problem if it actually moves quickly...it doesn't. Which is ridiculous considering that based upon the location, I can only assume that the idea is to cater to the center city lunch crowd. Well...many people don't want to spend their full lunch time standing in line WAITING to order their food. I did read a review though that says you can order online to avoid the line. So...maybe I'll do that, or...maybe I'll just get cash and go to Mama's...This is a nice fast-casual lunch spot in center city. The line gets long during lunch but it moves fast. The place seats about 25 people inside. There is some outdoor seating in a common area near the restaurant. The steak shawarma salad was very tasty. The portion was a good size too. The salad was prepared in front of me. I also got a few falafel balls on the side and found them to be pretty tasty as well. The shawarma meat was better than the falafel though. My co-worker got the chicken shawarma on pita, and loved it. This spot has become a top choice for my co-workers for center city lunch.Awesome food me and my family went opening day and enjoyed ourselfs boss and managers is wonderful it will be my favorite place to eat atThe only downside I found here is that it is a little overwhelming if you aren't very familiar with the cuisine.  I didn't quite feel rushed, but I didn't give myself enough time to really decide what I wanted as the lines were so long I didn't want to keep letting people ahead of me, and the descriptions aren't behind the servers on the line, that would have helped me a little bit.  Regardless, my salad here was down right awesome. You move down the queue line and add what you want to your choice of basis (bowl, salad, pita, etc).  Its similar in style to the other options out there (I'm looking at you chipolte) but the food is oh so different.  Everything was very fresh, and very flavorful.  The portions are huge and come with complimentary pita bread which is out of this world.  I got the chicken swarma salad bowl and added a bunch of toppings, I am embarrassed to say I ate it all, and was very full.  The flavors were different, bold and so tasty! My friend's falafel salad bowl was exactly the same, very filling, flavorful and different! This is definitely at the top of quick lunch places for me, and a great way to try something a little different than the norm!A little shocked...   eating here right now...   Not sure if it's just a bad batch of food or something else...   The baba ghanoush was simply horrible and tahini tasted like paint...Hopefully for them it's just a bad batch or bad day...  will never come here again... however the chicken was pretty good  my itself 0Food is good and their couscous bowl is delicious! I always get the bowl with falafel and it's super filling that you can save it for the next dayTerrible service, people who are working there never wash hands and their nail is inside the food all day. I found a hair in my food. So disgusting. on top of everything they have very rude and bad attitude.We went here with friends from out of town who have never been to Naf Naf before. The staff were exTREMELY unfriendly and barely spoke to us. It seemed like we were causing them a disservice by ordering our food. The staff was also incredible stingy when it came to the toppings they gave us. If we asked for cabbage, they would put a couple little things of cabbage ontop. 
That being said, the food was very good and was your typical Naf Naf experience which is why I gave it a 2 star.Ordered the chicken shawarma bowl with rice, tomato cucumber salad, covered in the garlic mayo sauce plus a side of their naf fries. Everything was delicious and very filling, I barely finished the fries! And the pita that came with the meal was soft and fluffy, giving it a homemade feeling. Will definitely be back again in the near future.As far as fast casual goes (restaurants in the Chipotle, Shake Shack price point and quality), this place is great! 
The chicken shawarma pita was delicious and filling, and not too expensive. I will also say that this was some THE BEST falafel I've ever had. Yeah, that's right!The best pita ever was how I remember Naf Naf Grill when I first had it in Chicago. Unfortunately, I don't think I can say that anymore. I stopped bowl for lunch and grabbed a steak hummus bowl that comes with a pita. The steak was pretty dry, but bearable to eat once mixed with the hummus. I was super excited for that fluffy pita I had remembered, but this time, it was flat and doughy. So much disappointment.The lines are always crazy long during lunch but for good reason! And don't worry they move fast. The falafel hummus bowl is my favorite and usually lasts me for two meals as I get all the veggies on top. There's a bunch of varying sauces to put on top which are great and vary in spice level. I pile them all on!!This review is for the men's room only.
First off the bathrooms have a key pad to get into and the five digit code the counter person gave me was so overly complicated to remember I had to say it over and over in my head as I crossed the dinning area. (Side note when I left the bathroom there was someone at the other door trying to type in the code unsuccessfully.  So it wasn't just me.)
Then inside the spacious bathroom, I gave the toilet the customary pre-flush, and water spouted out the back of the bowl from the intake pipe.  It was clean water, but still there was a small puddle forming on the floor behind the toilet. (After doing by business I flushed again and more water came out)
I did my business and went to wash my hands and water was spraying out the side of the faucet.  Seriously this place needs to get a plumber in there or the whole place is going to be flooded.
Other then that the bathrooms were clean and well stocked and the baby changing table seemed well taking care of.I recently visited the 19th & Market Street location. It was lunch rush hour but the line moved fast.  The food was great! I had chicken kebab and rice with hummus and pita. I will definitely be back.  Only thing negative I have to say is one of the servers was less than enthusiastic about working that day. I will excuse her because she was pregnant and I know the feeling.I used to come here a lot and get the hummus bowls, which I loved. Sadly the last two I've gotten on two different days have been disgraceful. I ordered one for myself and one for a friend, and my friend remarked that it looked like I'd given her my half eaten bowl because the bowl looked like someone had literally scraped the hummus off the sides of the bowls. There was a little stuck to the sides which did appear as though someone had used a spoon to remove the hummus rather than put it in.
I was very upset when I noticed my bowl was the same way. It felt like we were paying for a bowl with hardly anything in it. I don't know if the person did this on purpose or if was an oversight, but I was truly disgusted. This needs to be corrected asap as I am a Naf Naf Rewards member and have eaten so many lunches here, but I can't see how they can justify serving someone this bowl let alone eating it.Came here on a quiet Saturday afternoon and was a bit disappointed since my hubs had hyped this place up. It's okay, I forgive you. The hummus is way better than the baba ghanoush but it could also be the consistency of it is not as creamy as the hummus. The hummus is divine. The pita is also soft and fabulous as well. The chicken was dry and it could've been because we arrived at the tail end of the afternoon. We didn't experience the same generous helpings if ingredients as some others but the meal was filling and adequate for the price they serve. I'd likely try another quick eat dining establishment in this area (there are so many) next time.I'm giving this establishment three stars, only due to the nice woman who made my meal. Otherwise, 100% I would be giving two stars.
Ordering online was super easy, and I was pleasantly surprised to see the nutrition information (as I am on a Keto diet, so I need to be mindful of carbs and sugar). 
I arrived at the store a little early (12:11 PM when my food was supposed to be ready at 12:15 PM). The line is sooo long, and I cannot find the pick up station anywhere. I walked around two times before I saw the pick up rack, completely hidden by the fountain drinks station. I saw two other orders were ready, and it was 12:16 PM and mine still was not done. 
The woman making the food asked me my name and when I told her, she said that her printer was broken and that my order never printed out. She made my meal and was very apologetic. She was very sweet. 
As for the food itself: I ordered a chicken shawarma salad bowl with tahini sauce. I did not like the texture of the lettuce. The chicken seemed a little dry. But the sauce was not bad. It also was a lot of food for me, I ate about 3/4 of the bowl and then had to throw the rest out.I absolutely love Naf Naf and I often find myself going 3 times a week! Food is always delicious. Unfortunately, the employees at this location are SO unfriendly. When I ask a question or i ask for an extra scoop of sauce they seem annoyed and aggressively do so without making eye contact or acknowledging my request. In addition, the employees blatantly don't treat each other with respect, making unnecessary comments to each other about their work. I have worked in the restaurant industry for years, and I never leave comments on places unless positive; however, I have experienced unwelcomeness and disappointment too many times by the staff here to not leave a review.I tried to go to this location in Philadelphia on Market street and i was refused service because i have a ESA service animal and they wouldnt sevice me unless i brought my dog outside and tied him up. The lady was very  rude about it and made fun of my service animal saying ESA isnt a service animal. Please Dont go to this restaurant  they have no manners and the people  are very Rude to people with disabilities. I will not be spending my money here again. I recommend the WaWa accross the street.Hummus is decent but the service is spotty. Sometimes the people behind the counter are pleasant and sometimes, like today (5-19-17 at 3pm), they are rude and act like you are bothering them by daring to ask for food. 
With so many other Hummus spots opening up nearby with comparable pricing and better quality food, I don't see any point in going here if the service is lousy.Great Food! Great Prices! Don't feel gross after eating but healthy enough to walk the other 15 blocks that I need to.