Great place to grab a cheap lunch!  
I would totally get their duck noodle soup since the duck is soft and flavorful.  The beef noodle soup was somewhat standard.  You can order with hand cut noodles, which are like thick, slivers of thicker, chewy dough, or your standard round noodles.
Their dumplings were delicious, fried, I got an order to go!  Their noodles in peanut sauce is really good too!  I will get that again.Delicious dumps. I had the beef brisket noodle soup that was great. My friend had the sliced chicken noodle soup but the chicken was pretty bland. Definitely try the beef or another menu item over this. 
Huge serving sizes (but you should still get the dumplings to start with anyway)
We went on a Friday afternoon at 3pm so very quiet which of course meant short waiting time and good service.Can't beat the cheap prices.
Roasted duck soup was good.  The handmade noodles really makes the meal.  The food came out really quick too.Cheap hand drawn noodles. Broth is solid. I opted for the beef brisket and my friend had the house special meat ball. We both have no idea what's in the meatball, but it kind of has the consistency of tofu. Not a fan of the meatballs lol.
The ratings speak for themselves. $8 for authentic hand drawn noodles, can't get much better than that.
Cash only and service is non-existent. ATM is outside at the entrance and charged $1.75.One of my favorite comfort foods to get a nice hot bowl of braised beef noodle soup ~ 
We were seated immediately and the only strange thing about our meal was that my noodle soup came out before even the appetizer came out, but i didnt complain!!
We ordered the stir fry beef noodle dish, the scallion pancake, and the braised beef noodle soup (both noodle dishes with shaved noodles instead of hand drawn)
The stir fry beef noodle dish was flavorful and not too salty. Had a good portion of beef in there as well
The braised beef noodle soup was soul warming but sometimes you get that extra spice kick in. Although the menu says spicy, it's not so spicy that you can't enjoy your meal and theres plenty of tender beef in the soup as well. I love the fresh cilantro on top and the white radish soaks up alll of the flavors.. nom nom nom
Scallion pancake had the perfect dipping sauce but i think the pancake itself was a little bland for me.
Our total came to $24 so definitely an affordable and very filling meal thatll warm your bonesAuthentic noodles that are clearly hand-made. My favorite dish to order is the sliced noodles, beef stir fried. Chewy, flavorful, and delicious with a great sauce. The appetizers are not as mentioned as much as their noodles, but are actually fantastic as well and tops what I've had in other restaurants nearby. The scallion pancake in particular is amazing and crispy/savory.Cold days and Nan Zhou soups - the French would call this un mariage parfait.  I am totally addicted to these quality noodles and their chewy, toothy consistency, be they in soups, sauces, or stir-fried.  
Spicy Pig Ears is a must appetizers (don't give me that surprised "eek"!) - pretty, flowing ribbons doused in chili oil, resting on a bed of cool daikon radish salad - a spicy ode to porcus maximus, great in texture and taste.  Peanut noodles: must have a shaved noodle and hand drawn noodle version at the same time to appreciate the difference in texture.  Another appetizer I like is shredded kelp, with its taste reminiscent of ocean.
You can count on the familiar dishes like snow pea tips, spinach with garlic, etc. to be reliantly good but slurping more noodles from a big bowl full of one of the many different types of soups (beef, beef brisket, ox tail, roast pork and even more interesting ingredients for the more adventurous eaters) is a special pleasure.  Coming with a group of friends allows for tasting many different dishes.  The bill will always be very low.
Service is efficient and friendly (with some exceptions), the restaurant bright and comfortable.  Go try!These are the most amazing noodles EVER. I'm from NYC but have yet to find anything that even comes close here. Ever since my friend introduced me to Nan Zhou Noodle House four years ago, I insist that we come here every time I visit her in Philly. The noodles are my main motivation to go to Philly, but shhhh, don't tell my friend that =) 
They have two types of noodles, which they make at the restaurant: hand-drawn (like spaghetti) and shaven (wide flat noodles). I prefer the beef brisket noodle soup with shaven noodles. You can also add an fried egg into your soup, which is pretty tasty. The broth is so homey and delicious. They also have dry noodles but I think the soup is better. The proportions are HUGE so it's hard to even come close to finishing it. On top of that, it's SO cheap. If you're feeling adventurous, I would also recommend starting with the beef tendon on top of pickled radish. 
This place is a must try and worth the trip (from NY) to Philly. It's THAT good.I was happy to check this spot out. Tasty authentic noodles. Everything was fresh and appetizing.Delicious food at the super cheap price you would hope for. Try the shaved noodles with peanut sauce! banging. 
I usually go and stuff my face for about 6 bucks.Surprisingly great! I know they use big fire (or is it the right word) and lots of oil to make the favour--probably unhealthy but it taste great! It's a cheap eat place and the portion is reasonable! Highly recommending --the stir fry noodlesWhat I love about this place: quick and affordable Taiwanese beef/brisket noodles. The hand drawn noodles is what makes it so special. The broth is rich and addictive. The beef could be more tender especially the tendon. Bring cash and enjoy one of the few places that serves this type of beef noodles in Chinatown. Tip: if this place gets busy, you can expect to share a table.Hot, cheap, and a little dirty. Just the way a, ahem, hand-drawn noodle place in Chinatown should be. 
Seriously, one of my favorite places in Chinatown. It really is a little dirty, but that just adds to the authenticity (and flavor). You can't go wrong with the noodles, thick or thin, dry or in soup. Some may find the broth bland, but that's what all the random condiments on the table are for (sriracha is the best). And $5-7 for a filling meal? Awesome.I was so excited to try this place on a cold Philly night, and I was NOT disappointed.  So far, I have tried the noodle soups with brisket and with meatball, and both were delicious.  As a carb person, the part I care about the most is the noodles, which are soft and tender with just the write amount of chewiness.  And you can watch them make it, which is always awesome to watch.
It's not the cleanest and most romantic place in the world, but it's definitely not a dive hole-in-the-wall.
Overall, fast, cheap, flavorful, delicious food that will more than satisfy you with a warm soup belly.  Highly recommend!Good food but terrible service.  
Started off with egg roles and pork dumplings-not sure if they were homemade or frozen.
I ordered the beef brisket pulled noodle soup-the server did not understand and gave me beef tendon soup-huge bummer.  I was too exahusted to attempt to tell her the mistake.  I would be back but be EXTRA clear and careful when ordering.We went on a Saturday and luckily it was rainy and only had a short wait.  We ordered the house beef noodle soup, beef tendon noodle soup, fried rice and fried dumplings.  I did not care for the rice or dumplings ( my son enjoyed them though).  The soup was delicious.  The hand pulled noodles were perfect cooked, the broth had just enough seasoning and plenty of greens added (I ordered no cilantro)  everyone enjoyed the soup.  YummyAfter a day of walking/touring the city and craving noodles after, this really hit the spot! 
Cheap meal,  noodle soup broth is delicious, meat is tender, noodles are tasty - ahhh so good. 
My friends and I ordered the Beef Brisket Noodle Soup, Sliced Beef Noodle Soup, Fried Rice (so-so, had better), Pork and Chive Dumplings, Chicken Wings, and another dry noodle. The fried dumplings were surprisingly good - I think they fry it with garlic?? because the skin was delicious and the crispiness outside was just right! 
Would come back for another bowl again!I had the chicken dumplings with curry and coconut a beef brisket noodles. The dumplings were delicious, the coconut was subtle and the curry was not overpowering. The beef brisket was good, but not great.  The broth was hearty and there was ample brisket. Eating the brisket though was pretty frustrating because there was a lot of fat and I had to keep taking it out of my mouth (which is hella gross!).  The noodles were okay but nothing to write home about. The texture was also kind of chewy.One of the best meals we have had on our trip.  The hand drawn fish ball noodle soup was spectacular.  Friendly service.  The two of us had entrees and smoothies for a total of $25.  I would highly recommend trying this place out!Absolutely delicious!! :)
I had my first hand drawn noodle experience at Nan Zhou and it definitely set my standards high. Chewy, fresh noodles. I had the Beef Noodle Soup - the beef was delicious and the broth was flavorful with an abundant amount of cilantro (which I love).
We also ordered the Roasted Duck (not a noodle dish), which was okay (nothing special).
The boba/bubble tea here is pretty yummy as well, which is definitely a plus.Get the brisket noodle soup and you will know that you haven't lived until you tasted that dish. I could eat that every day if I could. So fresh and delicious and prices are affordable. I also tried their chicken curry dumplings and I honestly ate the whole entire appetizer by myself. I absolutely love this place.Really disappointed on my last visit. Both of us got about half the amount of meat (roast pork) as compared to the past, and prices slightly increased. Used to love this place and eat here weekly. Probably won't be back in a while.I ate here while visiting in Philly. Definitely a great place to come when you're in the mood for noodle soup. In Taiwain, they have lots of places where you can go to just get a nice, piping hot bowl of noodle soup, and I was glad to finally find such a place in the U.S. The portions are huge and you're given tons of noodles. The menu is rather extensive, with a lot of beef choices. I only wish they put in some more vegetables in the broth. A side of some sour mustard would've been a bonus as well. I will definitely be coming back to this place next time I'm in Philly. Wish there were some place like this closer to home!Been here twice in the last week. Great soups (tried the roast pork, the duck breast and the beef). Also shared some dumplings with my husband.  Fast and friendly service. The hand pulled noodles are awesome.
Cash only place.Hands down the best noodle place in Chinatown! Highly highly highly recommend. Sooo good. Come here almost every week .Nan Zhou makes some of the best noodles in Philly! The soup broth is nice and light but still really flavorful.  I'm so glad they moved to a larger spot, because the old location was really small and diners often had to share a tables with strangers.  The dining area is quite large now, and I was seated almost immediately during my most recent visit. This place is great for dinner or lunch if you ever find yourself in Chinatown. Cash only. TIP: get the peanut noodles!  They are super cheap and the portion is large even though they are listed in the appetizer section of the menu.I liked NZH, but I didn't think it was all that special.  I tried the jellyfish, the clam soup, the vegetable dry noodles, and the dumplings.  I'd probably go back but only because most of the food was inexpensive.
Jellyfish:  It's called "Jellyfish in Cold Sauce," or something like that.  I thought it was OK but not worth the $10.  I've never had jellyfish before, but this dish was very chewy and not very flavorful.  I wouldn't order this again.
Clam Soup:  This was my favorite part of the meal.  The soup was pretty good, and the clams seemed fresh.
Vegetable Dry Noodles:  This was no better than the mediocre Chinese food you can find anywhere in America.
Dumplings:  These were good.  I would order them again.  Still, I've found that most Chinese restaurants serve good dumplings.
It's worth mentioning that this place is BYOB, and they have a wine opener that you can use.Service was bad, charged you extra when you want your noodle to be spicy. Which if you knew, you wouldn't even ask, because the hot oil was right on the table (I was expected something different if it was asked). Anw. Noodle soup was alright, nothing fancy or impress. Ordered a Coke, it was handed back as a can of coke alone, no cup, no straw. Then when I asked, the lady was a little angry and hand me a cup of ice look just like it was from someone else left over water. the cup has some ice with water in it.
I look over my friend and asked what does it look like, she laughed, and said "don't use it, drink off the can" I never go back since then.I had been to the old restaurant a number of times, and was dismayed to find it shut.  But then a great surprise, it had been reborn across the street!  I had lunch at the new site for the first time last week, and it's even better than before.  The new site is much larger and nicer, and the menu now has a smattering of new dishes (meaning, more than just soup!)  The classic noodle soup was as awesome as ever, and the pan fried noodles were among the best I've had in years.  It isn't a fancy, haute cuisine place, but the food is great and I can't think of a better place for lunch.Central Chinatown, after you have the noodles here, you will be disappointed with noddles anywhere else. Forever.
Their dumplings and bubble tea are also fab, and the service is super quick.
Cash only, but there's an ATM in the vestibule.Nan Zhou is good, but I'm more than a little surprised at the great reviews. The day before Nan Zhou, I went to another noodle house a few blocks away that just as good and cheaper. (It's also called Hand Drawn Noodle House incidentally, but this one is Yummy Lan Zhou).
We started with the pig ears-not terrible but SUPER spicy, make sure you mix up the spicy pig ears with the veggies underneath; still, my friend and I decided that it was one of those foods you are glad to have had once for the sake of "adventure", but will never order again. 
For entree, I had the beef brisket noodles and the huge chunks were basically tasteless. My friend's duck wonton was considerably better but still not "ZOMG great". Between Nan Zhou and Yummy, Nan Zhou definitely was less friendly as we were often asked if we were done and if plates could be taken away. (I stayed almost 2x as long reading my tablet by myself at the other place and was not harassed by any of the waitstaff). Last, my entire bill at Yummy including a drink was somehow like $6, while Nan Zhou (we had an appetizer but no drinks) was closer to $15 each.The hand drawn noodle stir fry with shrimp was tasty. It needed a bit of heat which was easily added. There were 7 large, perfectly cooked shrimp. It was a huge dish. If you are looking for atmosphere, go elsewhere. If you are looking for good food, decent service and reasonable prices, this is a good choice.A friend recommended me Nan Zhou Hand Drawn Noodle House as a place to visit when in Philly. I decided to check it out since I was in Chinatown, and I am not disappointed. We were seated immediately and the waitress we had was very friendly. She even asked us which food we would like to come first (very attentive). The texture of the noodle ( Jiajiang Mian) was really good. I would come back here again to try the other noodles.Food is okay good. Staff like to rush you out as soon as your done so it feels like you need to eat quickly.My favorite spot in Chinatown.  Both hand drawn and shaved noodle styles are delicious!  But, I prefer the shaved noodles; they have a little extra chew to them that I love.  Dumplings are good but the real standout items are the noodle soup dishes- house special and house special meatball are my go-tos.  No frills, they only take cash.  Great spot for a quick and delicious meal!Came here with some friends.  I think I prefer this one over Yummy Lan Zhou noodles, also in Chinatown.  The pigs ears appetizer is amazing - I would go there just to eat those.  My wife had stir-fried shaved noodles with chicken - the noodles were good but the dish overall didn't have much flavor.  I had the beef brisket noodle soup with hand drawn noodles and it was very good.  Great flavor and tender chunks of beef.  Large portions gave me two more meals with leftovers.After 2.5 weeks deprived of Chinese food this hit the spot. I had the house meatball hand pulled noodle soup plus a tea egg. The noodles have a great chewy texture and the meatballs are fluffy like matzo balls and full of flavor. The broth is also very nice, perfect level of saltiness and umami and with cilantro and Chinese pickles for additional flavor. And the portions are huge and cheap to boot, service is fast and the space is nice. What else could I ask for? A++ will definitely come here on future layovers in Philly.Fresh off a plane from LA, and feeling kind of cold in an East coast winter, I wanted comfort food that would warm me up.
And to me nothing says comfort like a bowl of Chinese noodle soup.
I got the beef soup, and my mom got a seafood one. Both of our broths tasted the same, strangely enough. My mom didn't really like her noodles, but I thought mine were good. 
Just the thing to warm up on a cold night!First time here for a casual afternoon lunch. Decided to go for the Beef Brisket Noodle soup!! Portion was more than enough, brisket was super tender and really flavorful. Soup was served with a nice amount of spinach, cilantro and scallion. Also ordered the sacallion pancake, which in my opinion was cooked to perfection. I tend to think the more simple things are the easier it is to screw it up. Service was quick and pleasant. Will definitely be back to try more dishes off the menu!Tried dumplings (pork and chicken curry), pork fried rice and shredded pork rice noodles.  The dumpling were great, chicken curry a surprise and tasty.  Noodles were good, others enjoyed the rice.  Must go back for the soup... CASH ONLY.Ahhhhh so good! I really regret not eating more when I had the chance. They have a choice of hand-drawn or shaved noodles. Seems like everyone gets the drawn noodles, but I'd really like to try the shaved also. If you've ever seen noodles being shaved, it's pretty cool! Beef broth was good. Portion size is not big, but neither is the price. I love seeing noodles being made... wish they did it at the front of the restaurant! Can't wait to go again someday.The noodles are fresh. Ordered pork and chive dumplings for appetizer and the braised beef spicy noodle soup. Both were flavorful and plenty. Hubby offered the grilled pork chops with noodle soup. He ate all of it; the pork was truly grilled and not pan fried. Service and good was speedy. The price was very reasonable; $24 for all three dishesRidiculously tasty hand drawn noodle soup. The mini buns are are nice sweet treat too. Can't wait to go back.Pretty authentic dishes - not that this place need more reviews but I really enjoy the pig ears (don't forget to eat it with the radish on the bottom). Their beef noodle soup is also pretty legit. When I'm not feeling too meaty- I actually get the fish ball soup which is pretty flavorful but not too much MSG. I also like their mapo tofu too to supplement the meaty noodles! Cash only!Great noodle and price is good. They get packed easily. I had the seafood bowl with hand drawn noodle and the girl had the shaved noodles with roasted duck. We left full and happy. BYOB.Delicious Chinese food and generous portions! We loved the soy sauce pork hand drawn noodles, and the fresh spinach. We also got dumplings but they weren't so remarkable, I wouldn't order them again.WORTH A TRY.
By far the best hand drawn noodles I've had in the US. The food is good value, so don't expect much service wise.
Went with a group of 5 - plenty of space. We ordered the beef noodles, jajiang noodles, cold sesame noodles and mapo tofu noodles. Overall I would recommend the jajiang noodles and beef noodles were. My friend who had the jajiang noodles said it was amazing and I can attest to that as I witnessed her inhale the entire plate of noodles. I had the beef noodles which was a solid bowl of noodle soup. The mapo tofu noodles were pretty good, but may not suit everyone's tastes, and the cold sesame noodles were too bland for me.This was good, but I wouldn't go out of my way to go back. The place is an authentic noodle house - you get what's on the menu, nothing more and nothing less. It's beyond affordable - dinner for 2 cost $20. We opted for Chicken Chop Cut Noodles and the Brisket Noodle Soup - both were solid: warm, flavorful, noodles were fresh and there was plenty cilantro. I just didn't think it was over the top amazing - like some of these reviews have raved.Best Chinese food I have had yet in my 28 years. I am not a soup fan but the peanut noodles as well as other dried noodles were quite tasty!
The curry dumplings were a first but a pleasant experience. Good sized portions and good prices.Good noodles and excellent spring rolls, but not my favorite noodle house in Chinatown. I'm not a huge fan  of their broth. However, Nan Zhou is still an excellent choice for light or heavy grub.On a whim, we chose this place to have dinner. It's small and it was crowded when we were there, but were seated about 10 to 15 minutes later. It's a cash-only place with an ATM machine out front of it. 
We ordered the curry dumplings for appetizers and the hand-drawn noodles for the beef brisket, the seafood, and the oxtail. They came in large sizes, which was great because we were starving. They were great! We highly recommend this place.Fast service with good food with good value. Would visit again. The service was good and the noodles were delicious. Not sure about the dumplings, they were okaybest $5 meal ever (ok, i exaggerate but definitely best $5 in philly!)! this place has really delicious noodles with the best consistency. its perfectly chewy and wonderfully seasoned with the appropriate broth! im really impressed that philly has such a little gem. 
i recommend the soup noodles, the dry noodles were alright.BEST CHINESE FOOD I'VE EVER EATEN. I've gone back many times since the first & I recommend it every chance I get!Amazing noodles. You get so much food that it's impossible to finish the whole plate by yourself. I had the shrimp fried noodles and I was very happy with it. I got a lot of shrimp and it was very fresh.QUICK service- downfall is it's cash only. Also feel like you are sitting in a cafeteria.  Get the house drawn noodle soup- so yummy!  All and all I would go again, just expect to wait.Nobody has ever come to Nan Zhou because they thought to themselves, "wow, the food is really good here!" The food is fine here. People come to Nan Zhou to scratch some half formed itch for nostalgia that they haven't fully vocalized. People come to Nan Zhou when they say "I'm in the mood for Chinese", when they really mean "I kind of miss my parents and their cooking, but not enough to go home". 
If you're looking for something that will warm you up, body and soul, on a cold day and on a shoe string budget, this is it. This isn't fine dining and there are absolutely no frills. This place fulfills a very specific niche. For 10 bucks cash only, I can walk in and get a giant bowl of soup just like the ones my mother used to make for me, complete with giant meatballs of very ambiguous origin, that will make me wonder how she's doing. 
Everything served in this place is about as authentic as you get, besides the veggies which are maybe a bit more oily than in a Chinese kitchen. The portions are huge, the service is fast, and the waiters understand English well enough to order. This place is the Chinese equivalent of "Take Me Home" on the radio and mashed potatoes w/ gravy on the living room sofa. Simple, cheap, but emotionally fulfilling.i got no reference to its authenticity, but frankly my dear, i dont give a damn. just some good ass noodles and broth.Take pho, then just make it better.
Tried to go to choo choo pho on a Wednesday but it was closed, so ended up here instead. Best thing that's ever happened to me. 
Just wish they had an XL size.Nice hand drawn noodles. It is authentic. The price is fine. The soup is not greasy at all. I like the lamb skewers too. People work there are very friendly and quick. Definitely go back.nan zhou's hand drawn noodles are undoubtedly fresh and tasty, however, i've had varying experiences depending upon the accompanying choice of protein and the preparation.   first off, the sauteed style noodles, a la lo mein style, are consistently a crowd pleaser.  you really can't go wrong with fried up fresh noodles. if you appreciate fresh italian pasta then you'll definitely appreciate what nan zhou is throwing down.  however, when it comes to the noodle bowl, the roast duck seems to be the best choice.  for some reason the flavor of the duck somehow imbeds itself in noodles.  the noodles and duck are really making sexy in this chicken broth hot tub.  i've tried the ox tail which isn't braised long enough and the roast pork and wontons which don't seem to complement the noodle soup as well as the duck.  just keep it sexy ladies and gents and go for the roast duck noodle soup bowl.Wow. We came here for Christmas day lunch, and they had a line literally out the door into the (very cold) street. It was worth the effort. This is a very down-to-earth place. There is little in the way of ambiance, but who cares when you're going to get incredible food and pleasant service at a good price! We got the spicy brisket soup with hand drawn noodles, the chicken stir-fried with shaved noodles, the scallion pancake, and the chicken and curry dumplings. The spicy broth had a good amount of spice without being overwhelming, and a lot of lemongrass, which I liked. I'm glad we tried both styles of noodles - the hand drawn are very tender and delicious to slurp out of the soup, and the shaved are a little bit chewier with a similar texture to chow fun (though these are wheat whereas chow fun are rice). The scallion pancake was fantastic. The only thing that wasn't an absolute knockout was the chicken and curry dumplings, but overall I can say I would go back, and would recommend this place highly to anyone who wants authentic food with great flavor profile.I had the shrimp and noodles. It was absolutely delicious. My friends had the soup bowl with brisket. They really enjoyed their soup. It was good to the last drop.Had to stop here after reading all of the reviews.  It was a rainy day in Philly, and had the kids along after a visit to please touch museum.  Small, unassuming shop with around 10 tables.  We were seated immediately. and had a great view of the kitchen.  Hand drawn noodles were actually being hand drawn in front of us.  Fascinating.  
The wife had beef noodle soup.  The meat was fatty and full of grizzle.  She pulled it out, and put it on the side.  The kitchen staff was out, pointing and looking at my wife.  Without asking, and within 2 minutes, they brought out a bowl of lean meat for her to eat.  They suggested that she tell them in the future, if that is what she wanted.  Pretty good.
I had the noodles with pork and soy.  A very good portion that was quite delicious.  
A very good experience.  The place is nothing to look at, but the service was great and the food, although a little uneven, can't be beat for about 6 bucks a dish.I've been here twice and honestly I don't like their noodles that much.. I liked SpiceC better tbh :/ but you should try for yourself cuz a lot of my friends really really like it. maybe the flavor is just not for meWas quick with the food and generous with the portions. House special noodle soup was rich and satisfying, friends were satisfied with their choices as well. Appreciated the quick service.I've returned a few times since my last review, and I thought I'd add some more thoughts. The shaved noodle soup is always top-notch, and no matter which meat you choose (I've tried many beef ones, beef ball, fish ball, roast duck, and lamb), its flavor makes the broth very aromatic. On my last visit, though, they must have been out of the sour pickled vegetables or something, because our soup contained spinach instead. I also love watching the chefs make the noodles through the window behind the register. Service is generally fast and efficient. 
While you look over the menu, they bring you ice water, and it seems that you get a choice of tea if you speak Chinese. As I mentioned before, it can get really crowded, and they're not afraid to put multiple groups and the same table. In addition to the noodle soups, I've tried the cold diced cucumber appetizer, which is good, and the pork and chive dumplings, which are okay. They're on the smaller side, and the section where the wrapper is thickest (where there is no filling) was still a little hard. The filling had a very strong pork flavor and very little chive flavor. 
Finally, don't forget that this is a cash-only establishment!2 bowls ordered. House special (meatball) and the Ox Tail.  Straight up Asian comfort food. Broth isn't over pronounced in any flavor. Just a smooth warm tasty liquid caressing hand drawn noodles.Martin picked up Sliced Beef with hand drawn noodles for lunch and it was awesome! Definitely heavier than the Seafood Dish I ate yesterday. Martin finished his lunch right down to the last drop.This place is well worth the stop in Chinatown. Their soups are very good...I usually get the lamb. Their noodles are great...it's what they're named for. Appetizers are good too...I love the pigs ears. Very inexpensive as well!Food was OK.  Honestly, though, I found the staff just down right rude.  We had a large party of Chinese students (40) and had called one week in advance to make sure they could accommodate us.  About an hour before our arrival they called to tell us they couldn't guarantee they would have seating available.  WTH????  We got there and sure enough they could only take about half of us.  The other half was left to fend for themselves.  Food came out in random order.  Soups first, then appetizers.  Some NEVER received theirs, but sure enough were billed for them!  When it came time to pay the bill, they insisted on knowing what we were going to tip before giving us the check.  What difference does that make?  If they aren't adding the tip for themselves then it is left to our discretion.....  I won't be back, nor will I recommend the place.  It felt like we had to BEG them to take our money and then they tried to rip us off.  The restaurant the other half of our party went to was more than happy to have our business and, I'm told, had excellent food!Ok food for a decent price. We ordered marinated beef, a bowl of soup with fried duck, as well as chicken with rice and a set of dumplings. Food comes out fast, it's not of a highest qualify but you really can't complain bc their prices are really lowCash only. 
Made to order food that is quick. Authentic chinese/ taiwanese food. Service is fast too. I would highly recommend getting their beef noodle soup and their small fried buns. The noodle soup base is very light, the beef is cooked until tender, and the noodles are fresh. 
Great for a cold winter day.Visited Nan Zhou on a business trip to Philly. Whether your hotel is in Chinatown or not, this is certainly worth the visit! 
I went for lunch on a a weekday with a large party of 7. Each of us got the hand drawn noodles (made in-house). Depending on the dish, it was $8-13. Seafood and some meats were more expensive. I got a vegetable soup with the hand pulled noodles and it was very inexpensive! Others in my party had the seafood and duck - they said this was also very good quality and delicious. 
Service was very fast, despite our large party. We were in and out within 40 minutes. 
Beware it's cash-only!This place is a staple every time we come to Philly.  Food is amazing, their noodle texture is the best. Portion is very generous and service is good.  The only drawback is that it's a cash only place.  But well worth it!  The restaurant is also maintained relatively clean, bathroom as well.I had the beef brisket hand drawn noodles a while ago. While the flavor of everything was good, I think their noodles are just not my cup of tea. I prefer chewy noodles or al dente-textured noodles and the hand drawn are quite soft. It's really just a personal preference. 
My friend and I also shared a plate of dumplings, which were filled densely and quite good. 
I would definitely give 4 stars if it were based on my friends' sentiments because many have been really happy with this place and have told me that it's really authentic and close to what they might have at home.Exceptional value. The noodle soup here is good at any price but for under $7 a bowl for meat/seafood soups and $4 for vegetarian soup, you have incredible value. Add a BYOB policy and two people can have dinner here for under $20 including tip.
The atmosphere is stark but clean -- fluorescent lights and formica tables and the service is pleasant but terse. But once you adjust it is quite pleasant, but not a place to impress. It is a place to EAT and eat well.
There is a limited menu including soup but in my opinion the soup is the thing! You can watch them make your noodles and they taste as good as I have had in fancy Japanese Hand Drawn noodle houses in NYC.We stumbled upon this place in Philly had a great dinner. Very authentic and very fresh. We will be backI was in Chinatown and looking at all the amazing reviews I decided to stop by. It did not disappoint! Prices were cheap, but the portions were huge! The service was very quick. The food was very tasty as well! I recommend the beef brisket.This place came with very high recommendations and therefore very high expectations, which unfortinately were not fully met. Coming from a city like San Francisco certainly heightens the bias, but still.
We started out meal with the scallion pancakes and coconut curry dumplings. The scallion pancake, though crispy, was also incredibly oily and you couldn't distinguish the layers. A good scallion pancake should have visible, if not peelable layers from repeated twirling and folding of the dough. As for the coconut curry steamed dumplings, the flavor was certainly unique. But dumplings are ultimately judged by their skin, which in this case, was too thick and gummy. 
We also ordered a plate of chinese vegetables. It was decent. Definitely hit the spot after all the cheesesteaks and whatnot.
As for the hand pulled noodle soups, both looked great and tasted great but right off the bat, the noodles seemed little off. The noodles were way too uniform. Even from the most skilled chefs, I've had noodles that vary just slightly in size/thickness which does make me wonder about these.
Lastly, for the knife cut noodles, we ordered the seafood variety. The "dry fry" was too wet and it was also odd that they include real clams, real medium shrimps...then spoil it all with imitation crab which is about as un-seafood as you can get. However, I will give props to these noodles. They had good texture, good variation, and whoever cut them was very skilled. Several slices were very long and not too thick.