During a graze sesh at RTM, spotted a "gluten free..." sign across the way and cruised over.  Delighted to find a small spot with some tasty-looking Indian food. I'm always in the mood for some good tikka masala.  
I wish I would have read the Yelp reviews first.  
I opted for the mini bowl - one filling and one topping - as I didn't want the full experience, and I think the only gluten-free side was a salad (they have naan and another side - some pastry of sorts).  
My basmati rice and chicken tikka masala ran about $6, good value for the portion size. However, it seriously lacked in flavor.  It was missing the fragrant spices usually abound in Indian cuisine, the punch of the tomato base, and spice I've come to expect.  The rice was tasty and the masala wasn't bad, but I was hoping for more pizzaz.I love Indian food, but this place was really bad.  
I go to the RTM every week to shop for produce.  I always see that this place is pretty dead, which should have tipped me off.
The food was bland and watery, and just was not good.  The rice was hard and crunchy, like it was yesterdays they had warmed up, or had been sitting there all day (it was the peak of lunch hour).  The Samosa was made of filo dough, and looked like a turnover.  I didn't hate it the filo, but that's not really a Samosa to me.  And inside... meh.
The vegetables were DEFINITELY a frozen California mix, with spongy, tasteless crinkle-cut carrots.  
The woman was nice enough, but not nice enough to make up for the horrible food.  For what you get, I think they're charging WAY too much.
Lesson:  If you go by a place that's always deserted... there's a reason!I read that Nanee's Kitchen's lassis were highly praised and even featured in The Philadelphia Inquirer. After having lunch in RTM, I wanted something sweet but not too heavy, so I seeked out Nanee's Kitchen.
When I found it, it looked practically deserted. One couple was lingering, but it looked as if they were just perusing. I went to the cashier, and the man behind the counter sternly told me I needed to get in line on the other side. What line?! There was none.
The couple ended up getting food, and I proceeded to order a mango lassi after. It was pre-bottled, and they had three other flavors - one being rose. Many of them appeared to have separated with milk/yogurt byproducts floating on the top and liquid at the bottom. The man shook it up prior to handing it to me so that it was all homogenized, but I still had my hesitations.
The lassi had a slightly sour aftertaste -- as if it had gone bad. Although I was using a regular straw to drink it, there were pieces that came through the straw that resembled curdled milk. I barely drink half of it before throwing it away. I've had mango lassis at a number of other places and is one of my favorite drinks, but this was by far the worst I've ever had. Needless to say, I won't be returning to try any other flavors.Not a value for money place (one in reading terminal ), for 10 dollars for someone who skips rice got only a curry and some salad , while I can get the same chicken for 3 dollars in the on road  vendors with better taste :)As most reviews have stated, the food at this place lacks serious flavor (which I didn't even know was possible for an Indian restaurant). I got the butter chicken and some of the tandoori chicken and they were both extremely bland. I also got the collard greens and the server mentioned that they were spicy which sounded great but when I had a bite, there was nothing there. Like nothing.
To top it all off, I'm pretty sure that they ripped me off because I somehow paid $32 for two platters.
If this is your first time trying Indian food, please do not go there.DO NOT EAT HERE. THE GUY STRAIGHT UP LIED ABOUT THE PRICES. It was our first time so we asked the guy what came with the veggie option, which was on the menu for $7.99 (including yellow/white rice + choice of flat bread/naan). He told us to pick 1 of the rice options, TWO veggies, and 1 bread option. When we were paying, he told us the total was $15. I said "excuse me? the total should be $7.99." He said the naan was an extra $3. So I said okay fine, despite what your menu said about the $7.99 including all of it, we'll just take the flatbread option. Next he said, the total is $11 because we picked TWO veggies, and the second veggie was an extra $3. But No, WE did not pick 2 veggies; HE told us we could pick 2 veggies for the veggie option, and we believed him in good faith that was how the $7.99 veggie option worked. He totally took advantage of our inexperience and charged us extra. Plus, I just read on another person's Yelp review that the veggie option is SUPPOSED to come with 2 veggie options for the price of $7.99!! So this guy straight up LIED to us and charged us an extra $3! Not to mention the food portions were ridiculously measly. And then he told us because we picked yellow rice, it was another extra charge. What a bunch of bullshit!!! The menu doesn't say any of that--He literally MADE UP extra charges on the spot. And throughout this whole thing, he just smirked at us slyly. We should've just left the 5 ounces $12 worth of food there and walked away. What a deceitful man. I still can't believe it. I've never been more angry after ordering food. Never coming back here again. Don't give this deceitful Indian man any more business. Don't order from here.This review pertains only to the samosas offered at Nanee's Kitchen, but I felt compelled to write.  My husband and I were in town for the weekend, and we spent a lot of time at Reading Terminal Market.
We loved Nanee's samosas so much that we consumed 7 samosas in two days.  We had a chicken curry samosa while at RTM, and then within 5 mins, we ordered 2 more to go.  Today, as we were leaving, we picked up 4 more samosas (two potato, two chicken) from Nanee's for our train ride home.  They are the perfect portable food.  The fillings are delicious - savory, tender, and well-seasoned but neither too salty nor too spicy.  The chicken curry is our favorite, but both of these flavors are very good.  Our only advice is to ask them to pack each samosa in a separate wax paper bag to avoid oversteaming the still-hot samosas, which may cause them to go soggy.
Highly recommend.I think my review may reflect my views about Reading Terminal Market rather than Nanee's.  I guess I thought that the terminal market would have the best quality, not average quality. I also expected good prices, which was probably wholly unrealistic.
At Nanee's [and other restaurants in the market], the food was good but not the absolute best of the variety. My husband and I shared a korma-based platter, which was good, and we wanted to save room to try other things at the market. The mango lassi was refreshing. Greens and rice sides were good but not special. I'd definitely eat there again, because I love Indian food more than any other kind.
I think my best observation is that if you know Indian food, you won't find this the best of the best, but you'll be satisfied and happy there's an Indian food option at the market.  If you're trying Indian food for the first time, it will be tame enough for your pallet, but after that, definitely try a restaurant! [in all fairness, we had the korma which was listed as a children's choice, exactly because it is mild! *but I love korma*]This was my first time in RTM. I am in Philly for a conference so I stopped by Nanee's since it had the shortest wait at lunch time. I was really disappointed in the food and in myself for choosing this as my first food experience at RTM. The food definitely looked better than it tasted. My review could basically Aruna's but with one less star. I ordered the Chicken Korma plate and the portion was really small. A little bit of rice, a little bit of chicken, a decent amount of potatoes, but a LOT of oily grease floating on top of meal. I agree with Kaitlin that the options are quite limited too.  
The service was friendly however so I will award them another star.Located in Reading Terminal which was perfect for lunch while I was stuck in Jury duty. They let you try EVERYTHING which was really awesome because there is so much to choose from. The coconut curry chicken was great. Prices were around $10 a plate. I also ordered a samosa but it was extremely greasy bland.I'm a grazer, so I take advantage of all that Reading Terminal has to offer and don;t buy a "meal" from just one place, but rather I take samplings of what looks like the highlights from each place.  From Nanee's I bought samoas, which were delightful and a two lassis (had to buy a second because the baby stole my first one.)  Can't comment on meals or portions, but there were a few other items that looked appealing.Nothing to write home about, I've definitely have had better. One of the only vegetarian options inside the market. The food was hot and filling. A bit overpriced in my opinion. Sucks they don't take amex, I mean it's 2016... COME ON!Great Indian/Pakistani food at a reasonable price. Nanee is a sweet lady and the menu is varied and delicious.The owners/staff seem to be in total denial that the food lacks flavor. Tikka Masala does not taste like any other I've ever tasted. Missing about 5 ingredients. When I mentioned this to the staff, I was told that no one else was complaining. What? Wish I had the read the reviews before-hand. Wished the owners would read the reviews.I am a lover of Indian food and this is the worst I have ever had. It was lukewarm, flavorless, and completely over-priced. I ate there just today for lunch. Reading Terminal has a good reputation and this restaurant certainly brings it down.Great food! We have gotten food from Nanee's multiple times and the customer service is so friendly and helpful!! 10 out of 10 would recommendThe lines for my favorite Reading Terminal eateries were ridiculously long, so I decided to give Nanee's Kitchen a try. I got the chicken kabob platter and mango lassi for about $12 total. For the price, the kabob platter was not flavorful enough and the mango lassi too thin. I would not recommend Nanee's Kitchen as there are so many better options literally yards away.Possibly the vegan friendliest eatery in Reading Terminal. I eat here before I shop to avoid shopping while hungry. I get the chickpeas & the cabbage with rice and her samosas are yummy too. The staff is friendly too. I definitely recommend.Great place for vegetarians & great tasting food! I always make this a stop when I'm in town and frequently visiting the Reading Terminal.  The mango lassi is so delicious & a must try!  You can't go wrong with any of the side options.  I usually go with chick peas and spinach but have also enjoyed the okra and collard greens in the past.  Yum!Ihave been to this restaurant several times and think its tasty for a quick lunch.As I was deciding what to get I received samples of Chicken Tikka Masala, cauliflower and okra. all were good and none were oily. I decided I needed more protein so I ordered the Chicken Tikka Platter. So for $8.75 you get the chicken, a vegetable side of your choice and basmati rice. (If I remember correctly, you used to get a piece of naan bread as well. ) it was filling. The chicken was moist and juicy. mildly spicy. The Saag Paneer, wasn't oily but not as creamy as I have had in the past. The rice was a little stiff. All in all, quickly served and still hot by the time I was eating it and tasty, but mildly spicy.I'm not sure what happened here. I go to Philly for summer vacation each year. Before I leave I always go by RTM and get the same thing each time-bowl of chicken korma, white rice and chick peas and a spinach Samosa. This was my first time going on a Sunday. I don't know what happened from last year until today. Perhaps the management is new. Where is the older man that worked the front? I get the same thing each time. There was a young guy there today. He was skimpy on the korma. He said I could get a salad with the meal. I told him I always get chick peas. He said if I wanted chick peas I could sub out the salad for a veggie and it would be $1.99 extra. What?! The place I looked forward to going to every year is no more. Oh, and the naan was a separate cost. When all was said and done I had shelled out about $15 for what was equivalent to a $5 meal at best. Not pleased at all, and the flavor was seriously lacking.I'm usually not a fan of samosas but they had baked chicken samosa and I decided to give it try. I'm very happy I did since it was delicious. I have to say it tasted better than the regular fried ones.I was walking in the Reading Terminal and I looked at the Indian food and this nice lady offered me a sample of the Chicken Marsala. I tried it and it sold me in a matter of 5 seconds since it was fresh and it was super flavorful.  so I decided to order the platter version for $9.00. The platter contained the chicken with a choice of rice and I selected Basmati since it is my favorite. It came with a side of chickpeas and garlic naan bread. After my first bite I was in heaven. The chicken was tender, moist, and flavorful.  The rice was perfect since it absorbed the rice from the chicken.  The chickpeas were to die for with a little kick.  The naan bread complimented the dish by being crisp and extremely flavorful. I enjoyed using it to spooning up my food.  It was a truly enjoyable experience and I would definitely come back here again!Oh, a Pakistani place! After speaking to the guy for a short time, he easily helps me decide to get a baked chicken samosa. It was so good even my friend, who doesn't normally like samosas, liked it and ate half of it lolThe samosas were excellent; however, everything else that I tried here was surprisingly bland.  Not bad, but... yeah.  Bland.  And for an Indian restaurant, that is just wrong.  They had a good deal on lassis, many types; unfortunately I am too poor to buy them.  Oh well.  I hope you enjoy them.I was walking in the Reading Terminal and I looked at the Indian food and this nice lady offered me a sample of the Chicken Marsala. I tried it and it sold me in a matter of 5 seconds since it was fresh and it was super flavorful.  so I decided to order the platter version for $9.00. The platter contained the chicken with a choice of rice and I selected Basmati since it is my favorite. It came with a side of chickpeas and garlic naan bread. After my first bite I was in heaven. The chicken was tender, moist, and flavorful.  The rice was perfect since it absorbed the rice from the chicken.  The chickpeas were to die for with a little kick.  The naan bread complimented the dish by being crisp and extremely flavorful. I enjoyed using it to spooning up my food.  It was a truly enjoyable experience and I would definitely come back here again!The absolute worst customer service I have ever experienced in Philadelphia. Staff started taking our order then walked away mid order without saying anything. Came back and we repeated our order 3 more times. We waited and watched the people that came after us receive their order. When we questioned if our order was next, we were met with rude argumentative response. As we walked away (without order) the staff still attempted to argue. Not acceptable customer service on any level. Training is definitely needed at this location.Delightful surprise in busy Reading Market.  Food is ready and fresh.  Delicious tender chicken dishes. Saag paneer one of the best.  Added hot nans and mango juice for perfect lunch. My wife had lamb which seemed dry, but very tasty. The happy fellow who served us was very helpful.Nice little Indian place.  The food is pretty authentic. Wish you could mix and match some of those curries.  Halal. You can find cheaper lunch options but curry is my comfort food. I'll probably return before my stay is over.I love Nanee's kitchen, I come here anytime I'm looking for a bite to eat in the reading terminal. The food is authentic and the staff is ready to let you sample anything you'd like. You can order a platter and sit in the reading terminal or have a seat at their counter. 
Some of my favorite dishes are the Challa Masala, chicken masala, tandoori chicken and I always get the delicious seasoned rice. It's a big meal and will definitely keep you full and energized for hours!The chicken is great, the lamb is okay. It's fresh and the hot sauce is killer. The lady was super sweet. Oh and the lassi is insanely awesome. Go get the mango lassi.mealwise, i've def experienced better. the chicken while more flavorful than say bread, wasn't kickin with spices the way indian food should. 
the samosas w/ dipping sauce was pretty good.
however, i REALLY liked their laasi. the lady behind the counter was very nice in letting me try a generous portion of the rose and the pomegranate. (i went with the pomegranate)We only grabbed a quick chicken samosa to nosh on while walking around. Even the kids thought it was goodI would not recommend this place. The food was bland and overpriced. I had the chicken tikka Masala and was really disappointed. It did not have any taste.Why on earth would a veggie meal cost 9.99 plus tax in a terminal? I would have given the meal a 3 star except they offered an upgrade of vegetable rice instead of white rice for a $1 and you should really go see the vegetable rice! NO vegetables just yellow in color! But you pay the extra dollar because we the public like to be raped. And it had a big clump of rice in it which I didn't eat not sure if it was frozen or what.I got an array of items from here including seasoned rice, chicken korma, paalak (spinach), squash subzi, cholay (chickpeas), diced tandoori chicken, a spinach and feta puff, and a samosa puff (puff because it was made with PHILO DOUGH yum), and tandoori chicken wings! My favorites were the tandoori wings and samosa puff. Definitely desi style fusion food. The spinach puff was creative as well, as it had a spicier flavor than a typical spanakopita type of puff. The chicken korma with rice was awesome as well, loved the sweet flavor with chicken and rice. Only thing I would say was that it would be great with a white sauce or yogurt, which I crave as a brown person with my South Asian foods.Worst. Indian. Food. Ever. 
This sums it up for me.  I asked for a piece of Naan bread.  What I got was a whole wheat pita (out of a package that was in the refrigerator) placed onto the open gas range.  When it was slightly burned, it was put into a paper bag and given to me.  
That is not Naan.  That is bad, bad, bad indian food.  
The Reading people should not be focusing on kicking Rick's out.  There is a greater problem and that problem is Nanee's Kitchen.This was my first experience having Indian food. It was an amazing first and I will definitely have it again. I'm not a big curry person which is why it is usually not my first option. They gave us a sample and I was sold - even with all of the other choices around. I had the chicken korma platter with yellow rice and a side salad. The chicken was moist, tender, and very flavorful. The rice was flavorful as well and the side salad was a nice balance to the other heavier food.
The guys at the counter were nice and helpful! Thanks for such a great food experience in the market!Meh.. Much better indian avail if u can walk around. One of only a few Veg left in Reading Market though. $11 for the 3 item combo, which consisted of a 
7" round  bowl with a spoonfull of each. The "naan" was a fat, flat pita warmed up a little. Tasty, but not naan. No butter, no crisp. 
Wont return.
My friend found a great vegi philly steak sandwich at Carmens
Deli... Not on the menu, just ask for it.The service was good. There was a line but it moved quickly. I ordered the chicken tikka masala and was disappointed. I had almost no flavor and a weird texture. The basmati rice was kinda hard too. The iced chai was good though.We stopped for a quick bite after buying some groceries in RTM because the pizza naan sounded interesting. I got the spicy chicken with rice and pita and Carl got the chicken tikka masala with rice and salad. Neither were very flavorful, both were dry, and they charged us more than they originally stated. The cheese pizza naan was tasty but I wouldn't come back here except maybe to try a veggie meal. If you do go, ask for extra sauce or maybe just stick to the pizza naan! The food and service were not worth the prices.Well I've decided to try this place because my favorite place had a super long line, I got the salmon with the white rice it was good, salmincwell cooked rice was good I gave it a 3 star because they are over priced.I am so confused by the poor reviews.
I ate here once, because I was walking by it looking for DiNic's and the guy asked if I wanted a sample. I tried the chicken korma and it was so good, I couldn't believe it. I got that and a potato samosa, which was fresh tasting, flaky buttery outside, flavorful inside.
The chicken korma was so delicious! I remember wanting to lick the container, it was so flavorful. 
I also had lassi, which was delicious and combined well with my meal.
Maybe I lucked out, I will give it another shot...but honestly, I was very surprised by how good the food was!I normally head to Reading Terminal once every two weeks. I've tried many different places, except this one. I always want to walk by and try it. So, the other day I did. Friends and I sat at the counter and ordered. The waitress was really nice and helpful. After we ordered, it took no more than 10 minutes to have everything. I ordered the vegan option, $9.99, which came with rice, two choices of veggies, and naan. The basmati rice honestly was so bland and a little undercooked. The chickpeas on top seemed to save it, though. I also got a side of cabbage, which was actually really tasty. The naan though, was..sad to say the least. It tasted good but I don't think it was worth the $2 upcharge. The place is definetly good for the cost, and these little things could be fixed. Overall, I'd probably go back.This place is awful! I had the chicken tikka masala, which was watery and lacked any flavor. As in absolutely no spices! The naan was dense and had an unpleasant taste. Neither I nor my dining companion could take more than a few bites.  This was the worst Indian meal I ever had.Palak paneer was very good and Chana masala was good, just wish the chickpeas were a bit softer.Nanee's Kitchen is tucked away in the back of the Reading Terminal. Considering some of the competition they have in the Terminal like D'Nicks, the Amish, and the Egyptian place upfront, I feel Nanee's is really just average. I was just looking for a quick snack at a place I haven't been too yet and decided to try one of their samosas. I ordered a chicken samosa and it was just alright. Certainly not worth the price. On a plus side though, the staff was very friendly and helpful.I come throw meal pal, it's show in the picture pretty distant meal, what I got was ridiculous small, when I told him it's small he just said I'm trying to quit from meal pal. 
It's not how you treat a costumer.The food was just ok. I ordered the chicken tiki. It was lacking jn flavor. The naan bread was a little burnt. I would give them another try..order something else, mostly because they were very nice.Very good options and service! There are many choices, and all of them quite affordable and tasty. The terminal is so busy for a long lunch that you often have to be creative when making seating choices. The counter area helps with those decisions.No flavor, overpriced food, soggy naan.  Friend and I try places at RTM and in the city frequently while at work.  Decided to give Nanee's a shot and boy were we disappointed.  $16 and change for Chicken Tiki Masala over rice, garlic Naan and a bottled apple juice.  What a rip off.  Absolutely zero flavor, soggy, no flavor naan.  Absolutely no flavor to the meet or rice.  I asked the guy to split my meat 1/2 and 1/2 between tandoori and tiki masala - "That will be an extra $1"... DO NOT GO HERE!  EXPENSIVE, NO FLAVOR!  WASTE OF MONEY!!!Great tasting Indian food with big portion sizes! A little expensive for what it is, but we really enjoyed our meal here. I also like that they have their own counter seating so I didn't feel crushed by the mass seating area a little further down.I have walked by this place numerous times and have always wanted to try it.  I finally had my chance today.  What a mistake.  The basmati rice was pretty bland.  The chicken tika masala tasted like stewed chicken mixed with sauce out of a jar.  The garlic naan bead was absolutely pathetic.  And to top it off, my lunch came out to $16.  Not worth it at all.  There are tons of better options at RTM, I suggest you try elsewhereThe restaurant owner is arguably the most inconsiderate person I have interacted with at Reading Terminal since moving here 2.5 years ago and going dozens of times to the market. For starters, he charges way too much for his food ($16.71 for the plate in the picture) but that isn't what led me here. He lacks decency. He gave me a salad container that was practically quarter filled only (how it looks in the picture is how I got it), and didn't even explain if he ran out or what the reason was. He just covered the container and handed it to me. I then sat at the place's counter top that has a few high chairs to sit at. He decided he wants to clean the area so he does so while I'm eating and pretty much works around me while giving me "are you done with your food" looks. Instead of taking my plate and throwing it away in the trash right behind the counter he points me to a trash in the corner away from the restaurant to throw my plate away in. I would give 0 stars if I could. 
He just lost a customer :)Nanee's in the Reading Terminal Market serves up the best samosas in Phillytown ... period.  I don't really know about the rest of the food because I always get the samosas which are large,  consisting of a light and flaky pastry outer shell, great fillings, and super tasty. And you can add sauces to them.  Of course I like best the spicy cilantro and chili sauce.  I have always found the staff to be pleasant despite many other Yelpers having a different opinion.  Perhaps that is so because they know how much I enjoy their chicken, or curried potato, or spinach & feta cheese samosas!The market this place is in can be pretty overwhelming for a tourist. There are so many stalls set up in here that it's pretty difficult to focus on any specific one. As soon as I saw that this place served Indian food I knew there was a great chance that there would be multiple vegetarian options. 
   Once I saw that they had okra and collard greens I knew I wanted them, my date was way more skeptical since he had never had either. The gentleman working was on top of it and offered him a sampling of both. Thankfully he loved it! 
   the okra was perfectly cooked so that it still had a crunch but wasn't hard. The greens were spicy and the seasoned rice balanced it out perfectly. 
Great quick healthy meal to start our trip in Philadelphia!First of all, I must say that the service was top quality. The staff was so friendly and lovely. Next, the portion was really good! I ordered chicken tikka masala over rice and it comes with a choice of salad or flatbread (I chose flatbread). I enjoyed my meal immensely and I hope, when traveling, I can come back. Also, it's halal!Save your self aggravation and indigestion! Don't go to this Indian restaurant .There are so many good places to go to in Reading Terminal market that one doesn't  have to put up with the extreme rudeness that I encountered during the first day of Comic Con 2015. I love Indian food and  since the line wasn't busy near them (that should have tipped me off) I thought this would be a good choice. Boy was I wrong ! First the staff is down right rude.I ordered my food Chicken tikka masala with rice and chick peas.Odd combo chick peas but ok I'll go with it. They ignored my request for a glass of water after spending $10.00 on a very skimpy amount of food.So I politely reminded them several times and they in turn kept ignoring me.,avoiding eye contact until I demanded they acknowledge my presents.I next got a very snotty reply ,"You can buy a drink of water but you're not just getting one free" What the hell! I spent $10.00 on rice and chick peas a 2 tiny pieces of chicken in a bland curry sauce and you won't give me a goddamn glass of water.This seemed to amuse them and they refused. Now the owner was there and could have stepped in but instead of giving me a paper cup with water has chosen to lose a custumer.Bad business,Bad food and most of all a Bad attitude.I am updating my review. I think it's deserving of 5 stars as it is consistently good in a crazy, frenzied Reading Terminal Market. I have been here in the past two weeks and it's very good. I think the price is reasonable. They also have yummy, homemade samosas. Give it a try the next time you are at Reading Terminal Market, if you can think amidst the crowd. I had the Saag Paneer and Chicken Kabob with Basmati Rice. it is tasty, flavorful and plenty of food for $8.75. 
For Credit cards: I think it is $10 minimum.Ate here for something different for breakfast while in town for a conference. Had the breakfast naan w curried chicken, egg and cheese and would have gladly gone back for seconds! Cardamom lassi was also really nice. Would eat here again for sure.This is what my weakness for chickpeas gets me. See channa while hungry = take chance and purchase channa from the nice lady selling it.
But as others have pointed out, this was a bad idea since the food was stupefyingly bland and the naan was naat good either.
I should have balked at the lack of a crowd, but I now have an answer for the age old question of "it's surviving in Reading; how bad can it be?" - that the only other customers I saw paying this place any heed were looking rather touristy.Overpriced, bland, literally watered down food. I got the Saag Aloo, the spinach looked and tasted like it came out of a can. I got it to go, but they neglected to give me a bag. When I got back to work I could see I was wearing some of my lunch on my jeans and coat. Thanks for the immersive dining experience Nanee's Kitchen.HORRIBLE FOOD!! I had to come here as a tourist with a group of others. As a vegetarian, I couldn't find that many food choices here. I ordered the Basmati Rice with Channa Masala, Naan, and what they called a "Samosa". The Basmati Rice was not cooked properly and the Channa Masala had no flavor at all. When I asked for Naan, they gave me Pita Bread instead... WASTED $3.00 ON THIS!! The Samosas are Curry Puffs and NOT SAMOSAS! I wish that I could have gone to a more authentic Indian restaurant, but unfortunately, that was not possible. PLEASE AVOID THIS PLACE AND GO TO THE OTHER RESTRAUNTS IN THE AREA INSTEAD!!!Just had lunch from Nanee's for the first time. I got the Chicken Masala and cauliflower with their white rice.
The cauliflower was really good. Cooked perfect and seasoned great.
The chicken was average. Cooked good, but not enough flavor. 
The rice was great.
My biggest complaint is the price. For the portion, it should be around $6 because it doesn't seem like a "platter".
And worst of all I didn't receive my naan. That really irritated me.This place soooo disappointed.....I love ethnic food...and this was the pits....1st off 12.95 for a lil skimpy a... platter a piece of overcooked salmon spoonful of rice and wilted lettuce they called a salad.....save you taste buds and $ $...and to think I passed over Thai kitchen and their good salmon to try something new.....Stick to what you know peopleOh boy, here we go, the second place I've eaten at in the Reading terminal market that is well less then par. 
So I'm a big fan of Indian food so i decided oh look lets try here. I got the Korma Platter (Chicken) with black eyed pees and rice. The first thing i noticed is that the chicken was dry. The sauce it was in was reasonable. 
I hoped the second bite wouldn't let me down and it did. I don't care how much sauce you out on, your chicken was still dry. 
Also, you don't get a ton for the price, i believe i was charged about $8.50 for everything. 
I would find out a Thai place indie would be much better and cost less.I went here today for the first time while in Reading Terminal, and it was pretty good! I got a veggie platter with an extra veggie side, all for about $12. This is pretty cheap/standard for Indian food. I got rice, Chana masala, and curried spinach. The Chana masala was pretty good, personally I prefer more spice. The curried spinach though was fantastic! I usually don't enjoy cooked spinach, but I loved this! It is incredibly vegan and vegetarian friendly! Definitely stop by if you are in need of Indian food at Readingn Terminal!1 Star based on the samosas. They were surprisingly bland. You always expect Indian food to really hit you with flavor and these just didn't.Unflavorful curry and rice, stale naan, and poor service.
This was easily the worst vendor I've ever visited in Reading Terminal Market. The menu and ordering process was confusing and I didn't receive what I expected, based on the ordering board. When I asked them to rectify, they were not accommodating. In the end it didn't matter because the food was not prepared with flavor or freshness.I support local business and want them to thrive but this place Nanees Kitchen is not great. If visiting Philly, avoid. Terrible service, food was bland, which this is Indian food hard to do. For the price, it was a ripoff. Had the chicken masala, spinach, garlic naan, salad. The chai was disgusting.Very bland. I had a wrap with lamb. About as flavorful as going to McD's.Went here a couple of weeks ago while trying to seek something different at Reading Terminal. Thought ordering chicken curry with their signature rice was going to be a winner, but I thought wrong. Maybe it was ethnic food envy while in the market, but that meal was pretty plain. Even my wife's naan was bland. There was no flavor or passion with the buffet style serving. On top of that experience, someone had a seizure while standing in line. Yes, he lived, but it did not add to the lack of seasoning of my chicken curry. Sorry Nanee, it was not meant to be.You can pick two veggie dishes and rice for 7 bucks and portion size is good. I choose the okra and chickpeas both were delicious . The food was fresh and the service was great ( lady behind counter suggested the okra which was my favorite item I had ). My friend had lentils and a chicken dish he also cleaned his plate! There are so many options in the reading terminal it's hard to choose ... If you choose nanee's you won't be disappointed .They were open and cooking at 8:30 am on a Saturday.
And they were making naan breakfast pizza.
Combine those two and it's a win for me. Solid work everybody.This is the place to get lassi.  They have mango, pomegranate, cardamom and rarely rose flavor.  It's homemade by the lady who runs to place and comes in cute bottles for easy convenience.  
My only gripe is that the cost each bottle has risen 50 cents in the past year.  And they don't take credit cards, or else I'd buy out the whole case.This was my first time eating here and my last.  I stopped my this place for lunch and ordered the basmati rice, chicken tikka masala, cabbage and naan.  The dish was void of any flavor.  The rice was dry and the naan was dried old pita bread pieces.  The cabbage was decent, but that is the only nice thing I can say about the food.  The gentleman serving the food was not friendly but also not rude.  He just did what you told him.  I'm sorry I spent money here.  I should have gone to one of the more flavorful establishments at the Terminal. $14.67 for nothing.Meh. 
Had the chicken korma platter. It was hastily thrown into a styrofoam container without so much as a word which was what first turned me off. Beyond that.. it wasn't terrible but it wasn't that much chicken and a sample sized amount of dal. 
We realize that you have a number of choices when eating lunch at Reading Terminal Market but we don't thank you for flying Air Nanee's Kitchen. :|The Indian food here looks authentic to the eye but the taste was off and for the expensive prices that were charged, I could have gone without. Wish I didn't have to finish all that food that I got but glad at least I tried it so I can rule it out and never go there again.Food is very fresh but is seriously lacking in flavor. Their samosas were quite bad...made with filo dough, only had potato in there and no flavor.  The staff is very friendly and their lassi selection is excellent.  I really wish Nanee's would improve their food.My son insisting on eating here. Had the chicken korma, rice, and Chana (garbanzo beans).
Overall impression - mediocre. Bland - not enough salt or spice. 
Chicken was way over cooked. Rice was the same way.