Incredible margaritas and queso fundido! The service was really nice too. I honestly wish that I had eaten less before going so that I could've tried more, but I can't wait to go back and get tacos!!Food was delicious, service was great and ambiance on point. Well priced for the neighborhood. Order the mezcal margarita when you go and the ceviche. A great addition to the neighborhood.Food was pretty darn good. The decor was a little on the sparse side, but it was comfortable.  I don't know that I would go out of my way to return, but I would def come back and enjoy it.
***I should mention I'm one of those people who genetically don't like cilantro.  So maybe if I was more like the rest of you cilantro people I would enjoy this more.***I've been to Nemi twice now (and had take-out once) and it happened to be in the span of two weeks. :)
Needless to say, it's a joy to have them in the neighborhood and every single item is fresh, flavorful, and unique.
We especially love the elote with that smoky coffee mayo, the mole rojo in the vegetarian enchiladas, and the red snapper ceviche - but honestly there wasn't a single thing my family didn't love. Also the grilled shrimp in the fajitas were -perfect-.
The service is fantastic, kind & thorough. We met one of the chef/owners the first night and he was really nice & welcoming.
Ooh, and the flan!! Try the guava flan.. 
Can't wait to return for their new happy hour!Checked Nemi out for my birthday dinner this week. 
The place is beautifully redone. Its small and intimate, but big enough to feel comfortable and interesting. 
I had a delicious margarita - then went crazy on the menu. 
Guacamole &  queso with chorizo. All were delicious! Then we had tacos, carnitas and skirt steak. My steak was tender and well seasoned. (Easy to eat in a taco. I hate when too tough, and impossible). We ordered sides of rice and beans. 
Portions could have been larger - but we should eat less, so I'm not complaining.
For dessert, because my birthday! Had flan and churros. God we ordered a lot of food. Churros were a little over fried, but still good. Flan was great, one of the best consistencies I've had! 
This is a great neighborhood addition, worth traveling to port Richmond for. It's a pretty residential street, so parking will be challenging - like anywhere in Philly - but doable.We had dinner last night at Nemi. The drinks and food were really wonderful! The service was excellent as well! We will be back!Finally a really great Mexican restaurant. Tried this place out on NYE. We were trying to go for Happy Hour- they don't have one yet, but they're working on it. We went anyway and I'm so glad we did. We got the guacamole, ceviche, chicken enchiladas, and the skirt steak tacos. Everything was excellent, but the shinning stars for me were the ceviche which was quiet spicy with habaneros and the enchiladas, tender and the sauce was on point. Service was great and they had delicious margaritas and a large variety of beers on draft. Can't wait to go again! So excited for this addition to Port Richmond. Do your self a favor and go!The best thing to happen to Port Richmond since The Hinge!! Spectacular service, drinks and food. Upon arrival, we were greeted warmly and seated promptly. I ordered the La Bruja Fresa margarita, queso fundido with mushrooms, quesadilla with beans, tacos vegetarianos and for dessert the churros with warm chocolate dipping sauce. Everything is fresh and authentic! I highly recommend!Fine place and I'm happy to see a new restaurant open up in the neighborhood!  Aside from the novelty of newness, I think nothing is really wrong with it, nothing is particularly right about it either. Has the feeling of a generic "nice" place you'd find in a cookie cutter type spot, like an airport or shopping mall. The interior presentation, the pricing, do not feel like a match to the neighborhood - for instance I paid nearly $50 for an appetizer and 6 tacos, which took 45 minute to prepare. Seems like an ambitious pricing model for what amounts to casual Mexican food in a very working class neighborhood. $4 per taco is steep no matter what's in it, no matter what part of town you're in. I think the food tastes very good but I doubt I would go back, there are better options at half the price with more personality within the vicinity.Really really yummy food. GREAT veggie options. (Finally- THANK YOU). Had the vegetarian enchiladas. The mole alone was DELISH. Nice attentive service. Great fancy margaritas ( I had the pineapple, mom had a classic). The pineapple was smokey, spicy and only a touch sweet. Perfection. Pretty atmosphere, nice music-all the check marks!!!! I'll be back with more tasters in tow!Nemi is such a wonderful addition to the neighborhood! Great food, nice friendly atmosphere. Baja Baja tacos were excellent, and just the right amount of spicy. 3$ starters can't go wrong with that! 
We definitely will be going back!Excellent food, delicious margaritas, quality ingredients, and friendly service. Best Mexican I've had in North Philly.What a suprise. A top notch Mexican restaurant hidden in Port Richmond. Their homemade tortillas are from another planet. The tres leches was perfectly prepared. An amazing experienceNemi is such a nice hidden gem in port richmond. The food was fantastic and margaritas were delicious. We had the chiuhaha tacos and the pork belly tacos. We also had churros and guava flan for dessert. All were excellent. The service was great and the food came out fast! Hopefully this place is here to stay!Wow - this place is great! So happy to have it in the neighborhood. I hope it is a sign of things to come. Very high quality and nice atmosphere. The passionfruit ceviche and pork tacos were wonderful.We went for brunch and the service was great, margarita was awesome too! We got guacamole as an appetizer which was really good. I got the Benedict which was delicious, but it said it came with potatoes and I got a salad which is the only reason I'm giving 4 stars.Phenomenal Mexican cuisine in the Port Richmond neighborhood that so desperately needed another modern bar/restaurant it could be proud of (see Bait & Switch for the other). Recently dined there with my wife and 1yr old son (family friendly = MAJOR perk) and were blown away by both the food and the service. The guacamole was deliciously fresh and the steak tacos and fajitas were cooked to perfection. Can't wait to go back again for date night to explore the cocktail menu. Beyond thrilled with this addition to the area!This new restaurant is now one of my top three favorites in Philly.
The food couldn't have been better, the drinks were amazing, and the staff was wonderful. I'l definitely be frequenting this spot. Well worth the trip. The surrounding neighborhood is quiet and safe so perfect for a post-dinner walk.Great food! Will be back.... In town on vacation from New Jersey lol  and found this place on Yelp, very happy we decided to come.Love this new Mexican restaurant! The food was so fresh and delicious,  especially the ceviche. The fresh made guacamole with the choice of toppings like mango, pineapple,  and pomegranate was to die for.  The staff were so friendly and had a great atmosphere.  The margaritas are something that you should not miss here; they are made from fresh ingredients and you can really tell the difference.  They also have a great selection of tequilas and mezcales. And to top it all off,  the chocolate cake off their dessert menu was amazing.  Can't wait to go back and try more of the menu!I found the best margarita! The picante margarita with the spicy salt is a must. The tacos and ceviche were very good and I loved the chips with the guacamole. However, the guac was kind of bland. I wish it had more lime, some onions or something to add more flavor. The servers were very nice and the food came out so quickly. I highly recommend this restaurant if your feeling some good Mexican food and drinks.Came here on a Friday night, the place was busy but not overly crowded and service was fast and attentive. Parking is tough, but to be expected in this neighborhood! Food came out quickly and was delicious and fresh! Highly recommend the pork belly tacos and the flan for dessert. We tried all of the margaritas and liked the passion fruit and the pineapple the most, the classic margarita was good too!The best enchilada sauce I've ever had. Ordered chicken enchiladas, carnitas tacos, mahi salad, veggies and beans. Everything great. Plus the place is suave, and the bartender was cool afAlmost loved Nemi
Went for happy hour. Margaritas were on point classic and picante. The chicken empanadas were delicious, carnitas tacos were good. We had 2 bartenders, the first young blonde women was more attentive and friendly. 
My bone to pick which is really disappointing is  that we were overcharged for sales tax...20%. Our bill was $50 and I was charged $10 sales tax. I brought it to the attention of our second bartender, he said it was higher alchohol tax and our bill was primarily alcohol. Not wanting to argue over $5 I let it go but was soo disappointed that Nemi obviously ripped me off. 
Be advised, look at your bill and sales tax!!Love this new Mexican restaurant! The food was so fresh and delicious,  especially the ceviche. The fresh made guacamole with the choice of toppings like mango, pineapple,  and pomegranate was to die for.  The staff were so friendly and had a great atmosphere.  The margaritas are something that you should not miss here; they are made from fresh ingredients and you can really tell the difference.  They also have a great selection of tequilas and mezcales. And to top it all off,  the chocolate cake off their dessert menu was amazing.  Can't wait to go back and try more of the menu!Came here for lunch on mother's day and definately wasn't disappointed.  Everything was fresh, flavorful, and in good portions. The prices are a little high on some items but it's a great place to come as a treat here and there.
One of the highlights for me was their habanero salsa.  The balance of sweet and spicy was perfect so if you're normally intimidated by the heat that habanero brings I would suggest trying this flavor.  The roja and verde salsas were also good but there's just someting addicting about the habanero.
The staff was also very friendly and attentative.  It's nice having an actual sit down restaurant for Mexican food in the neighborhood that's within walking distance, otherwise you are stuck with either Taco Bell or having to travel to fishtown/olde city.
I cant wait to have a chance to go back to try their dinner options.Sunday Brunch WIN. Super fresh, delicious food and inviting cocktails. We had a bloody Maria & mezcal/fresh lime/watermelon purée deliciousness. The steak tacos were so freaking good- came out beautifully medium rare with crispy edges, a cilantro drizzle & fried onions. The Cazuelas (chorizo & sweet potato hash, fried egg on top- GD sublime!) is served in an adorable cast iron skillet. I have a feeling this would cure the worst of hangovers. Wished my egg was a *little* runnier but really, if that's the worst thing that happens at brunch, it's a win. The service is impeccable & the decor is comfortably simple. Semi-open kitchen & sunny bar areas with a cafe style dining room in between. Coming back for happy hour next!I went there last night to visit my friend who was working the bar. We had a really nice time enjoying quesadillas, chips and their three salsas, dessert, some old fashions, and mezcal. I hope that's how you spell it!
We had a nice time talking with my friend Lena and the manager about our upcoming trip to Mexico and all of the food and drinks at the restaurant. He gave us some good recommendations on where to go and what to do. He also told us how to pronounce Oaxaca, sparing me some embarrassment when I go later in the year. 
I never had mezcal before. It is similar to tequila but really strong. At the bottom of the bottle there was a worm. My friend who was working there offered it to me but I passed and dared her to get someone else to eat it. One guy happily drank it with some free mezcal without hesitating at all. Everybody clapped, it was pretty funny.
The food was pretty awesome. I loved the green salsa made with tomatillos. It was served with our chips and also the quesadillas. Usually I am not so into quesadillas because they are pretty heavy but these were good. Two mushroom quesadillas fed me and my girlfriend well. The dessert was phenomenal! Very light and just delicious.
The restaurant is new to the neighborhood but already looks pretty popular. There are some regulars in there who all seemed pretty friendly. The vibe is classy and relaxed which was exactly what we were looking for. I recommend this bar and will definitely be back.Just moved to the area and kept hearing from neighbors 'you've gotta try the New Mexican joint'. Well I did. And I've went back several times since. Margs are perfect. Street corn is amazing, I'm going to start just ordering multiple plates of that. And desserts are lovely and interesting. Service is friendly. Atmosphere is cute. I hope this place stays open for a long time!Food and Service is amazing ! I love coming here with my wife, however ..... they are super light with their liquor. Ok , this May sounds bad from a certain point of view BUT I am a social drinker just date nights and social event and their drinks for me are even weak. It's like going to Applebee's for $1 margaritas - what do you expect for $1 right ? But when you are paying $12 for a drink let's amp it up a notch. No kids, just done a 10 hour shift me and my wife are trying to kick back and relax with some drinks. Again love it there but can't really vouch much for their drinks.Went on opening night. The service was fantastic and everyone was so friendly - we really felt like guests. Ordered a quesadilla and the elotes. Delicious. I got the vegetarian enchiladas and my boyfriend got the fish tacos. The enchiladas had the best mole sauce I've ever had. He was really happy with how fresh his tacos tasted. We split the raspberry chocolate cake for desert. We will definitely be back and are so glad that this new restaurant is in our neighborhood!This is my second time dining at Nemi Mexican Restaurant and Bar, and I have nothing but wonderful things to say. We stopped in for Happy Hour and enjoyed one of everything on the food menu. The cuisine was fantastic, the churros were decadent, and our bartender Jose made a delicious margarita. If you haven't been here yet, treat yourself to authentic Mexican dining in the heart of Port Richmond!Really enjoyed the food and service. Had their empanadas and the salmon dish. The empanadas were tasty (not the best I've had but good) and the salmon was cooked to perfection. We were their during happy hour so got a few of the margaritas. They were made just right. Service was also exceptional. We'll definitely be going back.Took my step-daughter to Nemi for her birthday last week. First time visiting and live three blocks away. Was a mistake to wait so long to dine here. Food was amazing. All five of us enjoyed our dinner and time spent at NemiPicked this place today, just because. The ambiance was superb. Service, excellent and the food exquisite!
I ordered Guacamole w/chips, and 3 sampler sauces. 
I tried the Hibiscus & Classic Margaritas...both were amazing.
Ordered the Salmon Avocado Toast....wow, what a treat for the tastebuds. Hubby had fish tacos...which I must say: were to die for!!!!
This place is a GEM!! I'll be returning soon.Delicious. I had the CDMX tacos. They melt in your moth and the pork belly was so tender and like butter. I can't wait to go again.Awesome little gem my wife and I were told about by friends who live in the area and know our love of mexican cuisine. Authentic dishes with a solid beer and cocktail selection. The duck confit for 2 was prepared to perfection and the roasted corn appetizer I ordered along side of our entree surprisingly rivaled that of my go to accompanying side dish at El Vez. My wife ordered the Azteca soup as an appetizer and we both agreed it was better than any variation of chicken tortilla soup we've ever had. We also had 2 La Picante margaritas which were a good mix of sweet and spicy as well as a couple of Dos Equis. Our server was engaging, knowledgeable and timed everything well. It's a pleasant surprise when a restaurant can meet all of your expectations. We will be checking back in soon for brunch and it appears as if we will be adding Nemi into our regular restaurant rotation.We're just around the corner to this new and excellent spot. We've been for dinner 4 times now. Food is amazing, service is great, place is clean, cozy, drinks reasonably priced, great bartenders. I can't think of a single thing bad to say about them.The tacos were amazing. Staff is super friendly, great experience. Place is beautiful insideI walked over to Nemi's last night. 
On Point!
Good Vibe. 
Great Energy.
Incredibly delicious creative food!
To die for Flan 
Delicious wine.
My waitress Mady wow!! Informative professional 
Friendly. I wish I would have had her in my restaurant in California to train all servers.
Super happy to have this new restaurant in my new neighborhood, being that I'm new in town. 
I sent my brother and his wife over today.
Wishing them much success!
Thank you for the great experience.Wow, I was not expecting this when going to a new restaurant in Port Richmond. Excellent quality food and service, the perfect margarita, great happy hour and a nice atmosphere. I loved the flautas,  enchiladas, and habanero salsa.
I will definitely be back and will recommend to all of my friends. 
They are going to start serving brunch this weekend.Nemi is my new favorite Mexican restaurant! they make a great margarita! their steak fajitas, pico de gallo, queso fundido, and shrimp tacos are all amazing. I enjoy their happy hour and sitting at the bar is always a great experience.Everything was perfect. I was so excited about a Mexican place opening in the neighborhood. I would have been happy with anything, but this place blew me away. I had to write my very first yelp review because it was just so great. The food was amazing, the cocktails were on point, and the service was SO good. It was kind of fancy, but chill. I just loved it. We had the snapper ceviche and scallop tacos that were on special. Both were great and I really like the Ginebra Fresca cocktail.So I went to their website which said you could make reservations and requested one for tonight at 6:00 for 4 but never heard back from them. Dont know if this is a good sign or a bad sign but will followup on what has been a mediocre intial impression after we visit the restaurant later.
Update:
Wow... So very good... For a new restaurant everything was spot on. Our server Maty was excellent and very gracious. The margaritas were fresh and strong. I had the fajitas and the meat was cooked to perfection and some of the tenderest I have ever had... My wife had the ceviche and she considered it one of the best she has ever had as well. To be clear we have both lived in the Southwest and are no strangers to this type of food and without hesitation I can say this is the best "Mexican" meal I have had in a very long time. And definitely the best in Philadelphia.I am in love with this restaurant! The guacamole is delicious, the pork belly tacos may be the best I've had in Philly, and the ceviche is fresh and creative! The staff is very friendly and welcoming. The owner gave me and my boyfriend a tour of the place,  Including a 2nd level that they rent out for private parties. I've been three times in the last 9 days! Brunch is amazing as well - try the cafe de la abuelita!Took my mom and wife here tonight. Very good food. However for 3 of us we spent $60. 
We got guacamole with bacon as a $4 add on. It was really good. Then I split mahi-mahi tacos with my mom. My wife got bean enchiladas and a side of plantains. I tried the enchiladas and they didn't thrill me. The sweet potato inside wasn't cooked enough for my taste. I like them soft. That's just preference though and cans or be held against the restaurant. 
Peeps don't understand that taste is often a matter of opinion. Like what is art man? It's pretty subjective. Unless it really is not prepared properly it's hard to trust a review that just says the food wasn't good. 
It has a more clean modern look than most Mexican joints that rely on bright colors and straw hats. It has a more refined feel. Seems like it would be a good place for a date. Does not seem like party central. 
I will be going here again.Being a former restaurant manager, it's hard for me to truly enjoy a dinner out.  I always tend to pick things apart throughout my experience: service, food, mis en place, etc.  My wife can see the look in my eyes as I assess the dining room, and instantly tells me to stop it. That being said, however, when a restaurant nails it, I can't stop raving about it.  Hallelujah, Nemi nailed it!
My wife, sister-in-law and I had a seamless experience one Wednesday night at Nemi. Our server (young woman) was engaging, polite, kind and well informed.  Although I'm a beer guy, and the list was fantastic (nice mix of craft and usual suspects, without being annoyingly obscure), I went with the La Llorona.  It was boozy, sweet, refreshing...and blue.  Loved it.  My second drink was the Mezcalita, which did not disappoint.
From the moment the homemade chips and habanero salsa hit the table, the food didn't stop wowing us.  The queso fundido, and tres leches were superb. However, the CDMX tacos were the best tacos I've ever had.  My wife and SIL could also not stop raving about their dishes as well.  Freaking amazing!
The only issue we had was the fact that we had to drive all the way back to MontCo afterwards.  We can't wait to go back!  Felicidades, Nemi!!!Great addition to the Hood...Had the steak fajitas they were excellent would definitely try this joint againNemi is my new favorite Mexican spot in the area. The margaritas are fantastic especially the pineapple one, the corn, ceviche, Mahi tacos and churros were really good. The staff is super friendly, and helpful. The space was way nicer than I expected, and I a great date spot or for meeting up with friends. The prices were a little high but the food was well worth it, everything was very fresh. They also can make custom vegetarian and vegan options upon request! I'll be coming back here a lot!Overjoyed that they are in the neighborhood! Excellent tacos (especially the mahi mahi and carnitas) for a great price, terrific ambiance, and friendly servers. What a gift to Port Richmond!Love the new addition to the neighborhood!
Walked and drove by a few times, which is very attractive from the outside. Finally took my girlfriend in to try the hot and new Mexican spot in the Polish neighborhood of Port Richmond. (side note I'm half Polish and my girlfriend is 100% Mexican)
We went together on a Thursday night around 8:30pm and the staff was exceptionally welcoming!
Server was very knowledgeable about the menu and made some excellent recommendations. We ordered the al pastor ceviche and the Nemi salad con carne asada. Both were very flavorful and plated proportionately.
Margaritas were also excellent and will be going back very soon to try brunch!
Only reason for 4 stars is the prices seem to be a bit over priced for the neighborhood.great food!! I would def recommend. came here and everything was freshStopped by yesterday and enjoyed happy hour(s) with my wife. The food was excellent. The drinks were great. Everything was well priced. Our server, Maty was extremely friendly and well versed with everything. Also got to meet Alex. Great spot. Highly recommend Nemi restaurant. We will be returning.I really enjoyed everything I tried at Nemi and will be back soon! The pineapple margarita was absolutely delicious. Roasted pineapple mixed with fresh lime juice and mezcal-- what is this sorcery?? Really, really good. You can tell from the first sip that it's all fresh and made from scratch. 
Since I'm a vegetarian, I was really happy to see so many options on the menu. The guacamole was fresh and flavorful, and the vegetarian enchiladas were fantastic (I was debating between the enchiladas and the fried cauliflower tacos - enchiladas won this time, but I'll be going back soon to try the tacos). I ordered the tres leches cake for dessert, and it was perfect -- also, made in house. 
The ambiance was great -- it's a nice, cozy atmosphere. It sounds like they're about to open the second floor soon, which will be cool. Can't wait to go back!Nemi is simply fantastic and a great addition to Port Richmond. Nemi has been on our list to try since before they even opened. We stopped tonight after attempting another restaurant.
We arrived around 5pm and were sat immediately. The restaurant itself is simply decorated but very clean and modern. It's a huge difference compared to when this was Kelly's and Dooey's. Our server tonight was very good and attentive. She was pleasant and knew the menu thoroughly. 
We started with a round of Dos Equis lager, I wish they had this on draft! They only offer in a bottle. We also went with chips with salsa verde and pico. Chips aren't complementary like most other places. But honestly, I'd pay for these chips all day long. They were fresh and delicious also, the perfect thickness. The pico was beyond fresh and the salsa verde has just the right amount of heat for our liking. The texture of the salsa verde was a bit off though. It was similar to a polenta consistency. 
For entrees I went with the chicken roja and the wife had the pork belly tacos. My chicken was beyond delicious. The sauce had just enough heat! Fantastic dish! My wife's pork belly tacos were probably some of the best tacos I've even tried. The pork belly was cooked to perfection! Crispy on the outside while still moist on the inside. The pineapple salsa was the perfect compliment and just elevated a simple taco that much more. The habanero salsa was a bit too much for my wife but luckily it comes on the side. The Mexican street corn was also spot on. A tad overcooked but flavor wise worth every bit of $3.00.  
This place is a hidden gem! Modern and fresh Mexican for a reasonable price. Added note, parking can be an issue. They were very accommodating to our 6 year old. Solid 4 stars, we will be back.This place is a hidden gem! Dined outdoor during Covid and I must say it was an awesome experience. After each party, they wipe down every table and chair. It looked and felt very clean and safe. The restaurant is located in a quiet and calm neighborhood - lots of street parking avaliable. 
The service and staff was great -- friendly and very accommodating. 
The food was amazing! Every dish we ordered we enjoyed very much. My favorite was the Queso Fundido with chorizo (must order!) and the duck confit.
Cocktails were delicious (my favorite was the piña), it's a very refreshing margarita.
And lastly the churros is a must have if you like them -- super fluffy with chocolate dipping sauce. 
Highly recommend for a date night or with friends. Definitely will be back again!I love Mexican food.  And my friend is a self-proclaimed connoisseur.  And Nemi is really fantastic.  It is a bit pricey...definitely more expensive than I expected, especially for the portion size.  But the food is delicious.  great guacamole and elote to start.  Then we got the Baja Baja and CDMX tacos.  The start of the show is the homemade salsa/hot sauce that comes with the tacos.  I asked for extra to take home.  It is so amazing...oniony, spicy, and savory.  Perfect with any taco or chips.  Great restaurant and it was packed on a Friday night!Nemi is such a beautiful, hidden gem in North Philly and an excellent addition to the Mexican food scene in the area. From friendly, informative and attentive staff, to the eclectic, fresh, and flavorful food, I couldn't be more pleased!
When it came to ordering food and cocktails, my boyfriend and I just couldn't quite decide on what we wanted (because it all sounded so scrumptious), so our server gave us a few of her personal favorite recommendations and described what she liked about each dish. Ultimately, we decided to go with the Tiradito Al Pastor Ceviche, Enchiladas Rojas, and some Elotes to start with. With my pineapple margarita, I also decided to get some chips and salsa roja.
The chips and salsa came out simultaneously with my drink and were extremely warm. I really love the fact the chips are made fresh in house. The salsa roja packed a nice punch. My pineapple margarita literally had remnants of fresh pineapple with a chili rim instead of salt or sugar, which was absolutely yummy! The elotes that followed were also fantastic and were grilled just right. What I also loved was the fact it was cut up into bite sized pieces, which made for a cleaner eating experience. 
The ceviche is some of the best I've ever had in Philly and could not have been more fresh tasting. The enchiladas were also a big hit with us! We liked the dinner and appetizers so much, we inquired about dessert. While they didn't have dessert menus, I can assure you there is some amazing dessert. Our server recommended the Tres Leches cake, which is what we went with. I can't even begin to describe how delectable this cake was. It was so delicious I was tempted to order seconds! It wasn't overly sweet, but it was just the right amount of sweetness to satisfy a sweet tooth craving. 
I highly recommend this quaint little spot to anyone looking for a more upscale option for Mexican food in North Philly. You will not be disappointed!I am not a fan of Mexican food but after trying Nemi I am ! All the ceviches are to die for . Fresh fish and amazing sauces ., quesadillas are the best ones I've had ( add shrimp!) ! The service is very attentive and the price is right! Also - They are opened all day without breaks ! Perfect spot in the neighborhood !I absolutely love this place. The staff is so attentive and the food is always so perfect. Some of my favorites are the pork belly tacos, the duck confit, and the churros. I live nearby so I go often and Jose, Maya, Alex and Lena are so friendly and make such an effort to get to know their guests. They are a great addition to the Port Richmond Community. Oh ! I forgot to mention- the Happy Hour is bomb!Ever realize you needed something so badly, only after you've had it?
That is Nemi to the neighborhood of Port Richmond.
Really classy, traditional Mexican restaurant in the heart of this neighborhood, deserving up elote, tacos, duck confit, and more. Drink selections are well above par, and they make some DELICIOUS margs.
Pricing is really fair - and the portions are great.
You can't get Mexican food like this anywhere else around the town, and I would venture to say the challenge Mexican restaurants in center city. The playing is beautiful, and the flavors of each dish are truly hard to forget.
Decor inside is modern/classic. It's a breath of fresh air into the neighborhood, and I believe stands for hope as what's to come in the future restaurant scene. 
The staff is so friendly and welcoming! Shout out to Alex, running the place. 
This is a spot where you can come with your friends to catch up or bring your significant other on a nice date.Love the chicken fajitas and the empanadas.They also have pretty decent happy hour specials.Ok so I haven't been here in a little bit but let's just say I'm a regular lol. As of right now the steak fajitas and shrimp taco special are my favs! My fiancé loves the churros for desert and I love that guava flan! Duck special is a must try and everyone here is so friendly!Food was AMAZING. I will never get Mexican brunch anywhere else in Philly ever again. Service and atmosphere were good as well! I just moved to Port Richmond and am excited to frequent Nemi regularlyWhat a great (and surprising) find. My wife and I walked up from Fishtown to try this place for first time. Enjoyed an outstanding Happy Hour (4-7) and incredible dinner. We tried variety of dishes and all were fresh, interesting and  very tasty. Great service and interesting decor. This is our new go-to Mexican place near 19125.This place is awesome to go to for happy hour. Otherwise, despite having incredible food, the price range is too expensive for the neighborhood it is in so I don't think many locals can afford to try it.New favorite restaurant in Port Richmond & Fishtown!!!!! Amazing food, drinks, prices & service. I can't wait to go back!!  Thank you Nemi for your delicious & fresh food!Hit this place for lunch yesterday with a friend. I was here several months ago and liked it a lot and was hoping it would be as good. It was even better. 
We started with the guac and chips, a bit pricey but plenty of fresh mashed avocado, enough for a table of four. My friend ordered some enchiladas and I got the Baja Baja tacos. He enjoyed his meal and the tacos were absolutely exquisite. We've both spent years in California and are no strangers to Mexican food in its many incarnations. This ranks with the very best.
The decor is very elegant and roomy, definitely the classiest place in Port Richmond. The service is attentive without being pushy. For a special night out or to impress a date, this place is perfect. I won't wait so long until my next visit.What a hidden gem! 
I had the cauliflower taco which was DELICIOUS! The cauliflower was perfect.  Their tacos remind me of the taco trucks in California. The ones with the cilantro and radishes on a corn tortilla. It's simple but so good! Little squeeze of lime and everything. So so good! 
The street corn wasn't as spicy as I expected but it was still really good. Nice presentation, cooked just right, love the cheese... 
For drinks I had the spicy mango margarita which reminds me of Mexican candy. I love Mexican candy. I also had the hibiscus margarita and it's like having spiked teavana tea. It's a must try and it's pretty too. The last one was the passionfruit margarita which was equal amounts delicious and strong. Just the right buzz. I definitely will try the pineapple margarita next time. 
If you like churros... you'll love it here. Feels like you're eating carnival churros. Nice and fluffy. 
Service is great. Everyone was really nice. The place is small but I like it. Dimly lit, perfect for a date night. Stocked bar with plenty of seats.I've lived in Philly for 10 years, and I can say without a doubt this is one of the best Mexican restaurants in the city.  Drinks are fantastic (spicy margarita is my favorite), the food is superlative.  Served in an elegant but not pretentious space with great people who have a genuine passion for cooking and serving great food.  
Their corn tortillas are the best I've ever had, better than South Philly Barbacoa, and any other taqueria in the city.  Those tortillas serve as the foundation for amazing enchiladas, tacos, and all manner of other Mexican treats.  
Fantastic happy hour, their Queso Fundido is incredible on HH.  What an addition to Port Richmond, if this was in Fishtown it'd be known across the region, and this place is so good it may get there anyways.I really enjoyed my meal. Delicious steak fajitas. Steak was juicy, tender and flavorful. My husband enjoyed his enchiladas; they were a little spicy for me, but I'm a wuss. Sweet plantains were really good. Margaritas were good. The ambiance was nice too. Great service. 4 stars instead of 5 because we thought it was a bit pricey, esp for the neighborhood. For the price I felt like the tacos should've come w sides.Neighborhood Mexican joint with a touch of modern but still keeping the authentic flavors of Mexico City...profound delicious flavors...wifey and I usually order chicken enchiladas and the fish tacos, queso and of course lime soda.
Nice Job Nemi!Boyfriend n I saw the place n went in. It was very clean and smelled amazing they have a nice list of drinks and wines. The food was delicious every bite was better then the next that I couldn't finish my food all because I didn't want to stop eating The bacon guacamole dip that was amazing  here are some pictures of my birthday 1/4/2020 lunch at Nemi Restaurant! Friends n Family this is a place to stop at.Best Tacos I've had in years. We got the homemade chips and salsa, they were amazing. Chicken Quesadillas, they were bomb dot com! And the short rib tacos that were on special. Everything was delicious. Highly recommend!Always trying to find local places that are vegan friendly, I found one here. They have a couple vegetarian items so I gave it a try.  Asked the bartender a bunch of questions, she was very helpful, double checked with the kitchen and they made me a vegan version of their Cauliflower tacos. Started with salsa and chips, chips were freshly made, crunchy and not greasy at all. Salsa was awesome, loved all three but the habanero was so good.  
The tacos came out piping hot and super tasty, they replaced regular sauce with guacamole and then I added some habanero salsa. 
Can't say enough good things about this new addition to Port Richmond...great food, beautiful new restaurant and bar and super friendly and helpful staff. I can't wait to go back.Went there today for the first time for lunch.  I have been meaning to go there since it opened but never made it.  I LOVED it.  Our waiter was awesome, unfortunately I didn't get his name.  We tried Ceviche for the first time and asked him to pick one for us.  He brought us the salmon which was AMAZING.  I would certainly get that again.  Also had the chicken enchiladas which were great.  The spicy cucumber margarita was so delicious.  They could certainly go down quick and easy.Nemi is consistently awesome every time I go. The drinks, the food, and the service are always top notch. My favorite menu item is currently the Duck Confit, but you really can't go wrong. Go here, try everything, and don't skip dessert!We've been here for dinner and lunch and both were excellent. We tried all the ceviche and loved them all. Dinner entrees were complex and delicious, lunch was simpler but equally tasty, and the margaritas were the best. Highly recommend.Food is always on point. Fresh ingredients, good drinks, friendly staff. A hidden gem.Best tacos around no doubt. Balanced selection of beers and fresh made margaritas! I would go back atleast once a week food was too good.