Had Happy Hour here once the place was great!!! They have the best wings.....worth a try!!!I'm not impressed. Although New Deck oozes pub warmth on a cold winter day, I'd pop in for a drink, not lunch. 
While my food was OK - I had the french onion soup and split the portabello sandwich - I've had the same dishes much tastier in other locations. Including my own kitchen. The soup was warm but underwhelming, the portabello seemed to have been left out of the marinating process and only dresses with a dash of balsamic, the fries had been obviously friend in old oil. 
Add to the blah food the fact that my dining companion and I both found hairs in our food (to be fair, I have a lot of hair, and the particularly long one could have been mine) and there were little unappetizing gnats buzzing around the table. 
Our waitress also rushed the crap out of us. She tried to take our drink order before we even had our jackets off, and tried to make me order while my partner was still in the restroom blowing his wind-battered nose. Bad waitress! She did, however, bring two dill pickles, as requested. 
The only thing saving the New Deck from a one-star review is beer, and the fact that I know they have a pretty rowdly, rambunctious, and often grad-school-difficult quizzo night, which is pretty fun if you get there early enough to grab an upstairs table. 
In summary, just because you're a college bar doesn't been you can coast by with insulting service and ho-hum food. Step it up!When Mad Mex is packed, New Deck is a reliable default.  A table will always be open for you and your crew.  You have your choice of long tables in a quieter downstairs, or small- and medium-sized tables in the busier upstairs.  Hit up the bar if you want to make new friends.
Pros are the variety of creative vodka drinks, scrumptiously fatty fries and location on Samsom Street.
Cons are the slow service, greasy menus, greasy food (i know, I just praised the fries, but the healthy options are lacking).First off, the Awesome Fries are awesome and deserve 4.5 stars. However, the rest of the meal was average, so I could not see myself rating a place solely on one appetizer. 
But, if you like fries, the Awesome Fries is a huge platter that can easily serve a group of 4-5 who want to munch on this goodness. The fries are amazingly crispy, loaded with cheese and bacon bits.
It's your typical bar atmosphere, slightly on the noisy side and dimly lit. Our server was very nice, and extremely patient with us.
I ordered the Buffalo Chicken sandwich. It was decent. Nothing spectacular though. My wife got the Swiss Chicken, also decent but nothing spectacular.
I think back in my collage days I would have loved hitting this place up in the late night for some beer and appetizers.
For dinner, it's okay and does the trick, if you want something fast and moderately priced. But don't expect nothing more than your standard bar food, with the exception of their Awesome Fries.The burgers are delicious! The staff is pretty friendly but can be a little slow sometimes. Overall, it's a great place to eat whether you're grabbing food to go or want to sit down for dinner.This place was disappointing to say the least. Shepard's Pie was listed as a house specialty and was one of the worst dishes I have ever been served in a restaurant. It was basically liquified grease with a few pieces of beef and canned vegetables floating in it topped with mashed potatoes. The cheesesteak was mediocre and chicken quesadilla was fast food caliber. The apple pie was made with canned apples. I would recommend going to the restaurants on either side of this place unless you are just looking for beer and nachos.Great food, and its half off after 11 i think?  Good place to drink too, but it gets a minus 1 star because of certain packed nights with bad karaoke performances that makes me want to spontaniously combust.Was in Philly this weekend and needed a quick bite to eat close to my hotel. Used yelp and found this place to be the best place closeby with decent reviews. I ended up getting a BBQ chicken salad and burger to go. After bringing the food back to the hotel I found the salad to be completely opposite of what was described. There was no chicken in the meal and in fact there were beets in there that were not part of the description in the menu. It seems like they only made half the salad and replaced the chicken with beets. When looking at the menu there was nothing that matched what they gave me. I was disappointed but not ready to walk back to correct it. The burger was average. Would not recommend this place for anything else but drinks.A typical college pub - food is good, beer selection not bad, service, while perhaps not as ideally attentive as I'd like, was acceptable. For the late-night, after-concert need for sustenance, particularly involving some fermented grains - this is your place in this neighborhood.I've been to New Deck many times with friends and have always had a good experiences here with regards to their food and beer selection.  They have a nice variety of appetizers that always come out pretty fast and their burgers are always really good, which i recommend and gravitate to when i can't decide what to eat.  happy hours bring us here often as you can't beat their 1$ off select draft beers and $5 appetizers.  Even though their awesome cheese fries are pretty awesome and not part of their HH appetizer list, i would recommend getting them.  so why the 2 star?  they recently added new items to their restaurant which i didn't particularly enjoy.  as usual, my friends and I were seated downstairs because of our larger party size.  My friend kept looking behind my shoulder, which i found odd because i was sitting with my back to the corner.  I then found out he had spotted a COCKROACH behind me walking around.  yikes!  my friend reached over and killed it.  ok....carry on.  few mins later, he was looking over my shoulder again and told me not to move.  there was another COCKROACH peeking over the ledge.  If i had leaned back another inch or two, it would've probably crawled on me.  again, my friend reached over and killed it and then brought it to the attention of one of the staff.  They apologized and assured us they would do something about it.  As we finished our meal, we found three more COCKROACHES by the window sill, a total of 5 during our 2 hours there.  As much as I love their food and HH's, i'm hesitant to come back until they remove this recent addition to their restaurant.  4 stars for food and happy hour, service is hit or miss and brings it down to a 3 stars, 2 stars because of the COCKROACHES.  not a one star, because their food is still good.....ATTITUDE PROBLEM!
I have been here a couple of times mostly for sports games. Got there a bit early for the world cup final and asked the hostess if the volume could be turned on for the game. Well, the game started and still no volume. I kindly went up to her again and asked if the volume could be turned up a bit. She looked at me, cocked her head, and said "um I think the bar does that". Not the right answer....
I also witnessed a server holler at the hostess from across the restaurant about a couple of foreign patrons that sat at a 6-top that "should be moved". In addition, the hostess spoke to my server in the middle of the restaurant and told him, quite loudly, "I need to get out of here. This is ridiculous" (or something along those lines).
Granted, my server was a sweetheart and I have not had any other major problems... the food is good, the drinks are moderately inexpensive. Ive also been in the service industry for 5 years so I know how things can get... however there is a time and a place and it is NOT IN FRONT OF YOUR CUSTOMERS. 
Fix that, New Deck.What to say about New Deck?  I may have been here more than anywhere else in Philly, but I don't have that much to say recently.
It's one of those ubiquitous Philly Irish pubs.  It's right in University City.  It does Quizzo twice a week.
I don't drink beer, but people seem to appreciate what they have on tap, and they make a decent frozen mudslide (I've had my share of sips from other people's drinks... tend to be the D.D.)
One useful thing for me is that New Deck can go on my chicken quesadilla ranking list.  It ranks... decent.  Seriously.  It comes with the sour cream, which makes me happy.  It also comes with a sliced pepper (though I thought it was an olive), with each slice individually hand-placed on each  triangular quesadilla segment.  This gives me the opportunity to individually hand remove each slice and reconstruct the pepper.  The dish is totally acceptable.
I also sometimes get the rather adequate burger.
This place can get crowded on weekends, and is often filled with undergrads, which... well, I'll let you who you are decide the appeal of that.
Service is mixed. Sometimes, fine, but recently... ok, shaved-head guy from Penn State... I understand you were into the Flyer's game.  But forgetting our appetizer, never checking on our meals, and seeming baffled by our request for silverware... this is not the way to earn a good tip.  Also, I'm confused about your practice of clearing the table by removing one plate, disappearing for 10 minutes at a time, coming back to pick up and then put down plates, finally removing another one, and repeat... we really would have just liked the check.
Another quirk... Baileys was on the menu.  I often enjoy a little Bailey's or Bailey's & milk on ice at home, so I figured I'd order it.  I was brought a shot glass of Bailey's with an ice cube in it.  Um... shots are nice and all that, but usually when something is placed on the drink menu, it is assumed it is an actual, you know, drink.
Enough random kvetching I suppose.  Probably just because I've been here a lot.  It's laid back, serves food late, and I love having an activity at a bar.  You want a place to meet friends and grab a bite and a drink at night in University City, this is on the top of my list of places to go.I like the scene and the food selection is ok.. But I truly had a problem with the place and the price change they will do unless you ask about the price for a picture of Beer.  I had gone to get some beer on a Wednesday and it was my first time going.  Then I came back on a Friday and ordered the same pitcher of beer. Wow what a jump in price.  I'm talking $10 more for the same picture of beer.Good appetizers, good Philly steak sandwich. Nothing extra ordinary but God value and hit the spot. Very convenient location to U Penn. Outside seating is nice with impressive flower boxes.Recently came here for lunch on a Sunday. While the service was quick and friendly, the food was just okay. I ordered the buffalo chicken wrap. The menu said the chicken was dipped in hot sauce and the wrap came with bleu cheese. Well, my wrap came and the only somewhat spicy part of the wrap was the peppers. No taste of hot sauce whatsoever. And the bleu cheese? Guess they forgot that too. The wrap was good but definitely not what I thought I was ordering.After a solid night of bar hopping, we love coming here. The half off menu helps stop the bleeding from our wallets as well. Typical favorites are Awesome fries, Shepherds pie, and Black Friday turkey. Fills up your stomach while leaving enough cash left from the night to fill up your car at the gas station.We feel like we cheated you, with all those happy hour guinnesses, patron margaritas, some crazy scotch thing, food... and you even gave us free celebratory shots for special event for 4! We love you, Paul.... we love you, New Deck. Your awesomely authentic atmosphere, staff, and menu...
We feel like we got an amazing deal for that final tab.
"The worst thing about getting my new fabulous job is that I won't work next to New Deck anymore!"
They're very strict carders, you underage crowd.I have fond memories of this place. I lived across the street at Kings Court English House as a college freshmen and consistently came out to New Deck Tavern during Happy Hour to enjoy their five dollar appetizers. 
I doubt one will ever make this a destination restaurant, but you can't go wrong with inexpensive massive portions that are well executed. 
Lastly, I love the atmosphere of this place. It's akin to a MacLaren's like in How I Met Your Mother.ahhh I'm such a fan and have been for the past 3 years.
What could be better than spending your Sunday hungover with your best friend at New Deck Tavern?? Absolutely nothing! We love coming here on Sundays... Not only are the appetizers half off starting at 3pm but the food in general is just to die for. This past sunday I ordered "toast".. which is really the most amazing grilled cheese I ever had with tomatoes... I know you're probably thinking grilled cheese? Is this girl for real? Yes, I'm serious. Best grilled cheese ever. But if you're looking for more of a meal I would definitely recommend the Hickory Burger. I'm drooling just thinking about it!Went to this Irish Pub after a couple of hours studying with a bud and it was kinda disappointing. I ordered the hot and honey wings with the cripsy onion burger since their wings were skinnier than a run way model. **Disclaimer** Hyperbole in the house. Check my food pic but their bone was literally exposed at the main part of the wing. The flavor was a nice honey glazed with a little spicy/hot kick. It was different from the traditional take of Buffalo wings. The burger was average too. It was a little dry so grab the bottle of Heinz Ketchup as second string back up.
In terms of service, the server wasn't too attentive with my friend and I. He forgot to give us napkins and left our glasses to be parch and half empty. It must have been a live band night because it was really hard to talk with someone less than three feet away from you. Overall, the spot is ok. Go for their happy hour specials after normal business hours. I don't think I'll be a regular.Went to New Deck looking for a good meal after 10 and a lot of the places in university City were already closed. Waiter was attentive and quick with the drink refills. Ordered a cheeseburger and fries and they were excellent. Fairly standard pub food but if that's what you're in the mood for it's a good choice, good portions as well.So now that I'm living off campus I have really begun to miss my New Deck happy hour specials! I used to come here like at least once or twice a week for happy hour and not only are the dicounts awesome but the food is great too! If you are a first timer at New Deck you have to try the loaded potato skins and buffalo wings becasue they are absolutely AMAZING! It is always crowded at happy hour but never uncomfortably so and there is almost never a wait. Living in Delco I don't get here very much any more so drink and eat plentifully and think of me while doing so!Another hot spot for 20 something early 30s located in University City.  Monday and Wednesday nights are generally quizzo nights which is always a fun time.  Friendly staff and great food selection.  Food is half off starting at 11 PM every night and there are plenty of drink specials to choose from.  Plenty of tables and seats to sit on at the bar but on event nights show up a little before time to guarantee a spot.(Food review only)
Used to love this place. Of course that was better than 10 years ago when my palate was significantly less refined. I was way more interested in beers, booze and all the beautiful babies (quoting "Swingers" to give you a sense of my age). Well, Mikey is all grownsed up. Bottom-line, the food here sucks. Let's start with the appetizer first.
We ordered the awesome cheese fries. Though candidly not as awesome as I recall, they still did the job. The fries are crispy but overly greasy. They're smothered in melted jack and cheddar cheese with crumbled bacon. Honestly this is standard issue barfood that nobody really should screw up, though the amount of greasiness in the fries led me to believe that these folks were trying really hard. My colon be like "we hatin'!"
Main course was the cowboy burger. As advertise this sounded pretty good. Hamburger topped with pepper jack cheese, coleslaw and barbecue sauce. When all ingredients are fresh and the burger is well seasoned, that is a magical combination. I'm afraid the only thing decent was the bun. 
I'm pretty confident that I did not get pepper jack cheese, instead some sorry excuse for American cheese. The coleslaw could've been bought at Costco, for that matter so could have the burger. Anybody who's eaten "Philly's best" frozen burger patties knows the cruel joke that the marketing people have just played on them. The burger was dense, tasteless, and not seasoned because the damn thing was frozen when it hit the grill. Oddly enough our server asked me if cooking this burger to medium was fine. Anyone having any experience with this type of product will tell you it's impossible to cook it anything less then well done. Until this place brings back hand formed hamburger patties, don't bother ordering a burger from here.
The absolute best thing on our table this evening was our kids chicken fingers. They are actually hand dredged and made to order. Really, really good. If I EVER go back to this joint again, I'm ordering off the kids menu, and washing it down with several beers.I usually come here for quizzo or a stop during the erin express tour but this past saturday was my first time i came here to eat dinner and have a drink. i walked in around 7o clock on a saturday and it was pretty empty which isn't a bad thing for someone who is starving. i got cheesesteak eggrolls and fries. the cheese steak eggrolls were good and the fry basket was great. nothing to complain about. typical bar food. i am a huge fan of the alcoholic shamrock shake they have during the erin express tourThis was my favorite bar from college.  The Irish food is good and by far my favorite Irish Pub in the Philadelphia region.  Traditional food aside, I really enjoy the Hickory burger.   I love the colby and monterey jack cheese with frizzled onions, bacon and BBQ sauce.  I try to stop in a few times a year and am always very happy when I do.Happy hours vary here, so make sure you check the website and come here on good days. What do good days include? Half off appetizers (except wings as our waiters/waitresses always like to remind us) and $2 well drinks. Appetizers to get: awesome fries (they really are that awesome) and nachos supreme. It's fun to go with a group of friends and then be astonished at how little you have to pay.My coworkers and I often went to New Deck for beer and fried foods at happy hour, but we will not return after our last experience. The manager acted as if we were inconveniencing him by being a party of 6. We waited and waited until we realized that he was never going to seat us. The pitchers of beer are cheap, but our waiter once insisted we dole out the beer remaining in our pitcher immediately because the restaurant had run out of pitchers. The appetizers can best be described as "fried things with cheese." I've also tried the soup and the burgers, but I can't recommend either.Great location, great room, great food, great service.
We found New Deck Tavern because it was open late - kitchen was open til 1:00am.
I had the Shepherd's Pie... which was pretty good, not great - but I'd order it again.
Friend had the Reuben, which was amazing.
We had the Irish Bread Pudding for dessert, and that alone would bring me back.
Server was delightful.  Music - while a bit loud - was a nice touch.
The room was also a star.  Lots of great Irish paraphernalia to look at.best place!  get the amazing fries and a pint of your beer.  you will have the best meal of your life.Only went here once with my Dad, but it seems like a classic Irish Philly bar, and a real staple based on the crowd. My Dad and I ate dinner there prior to the Penn vs Villanova game at the Pallestra and the good was very solid too. Good wings and burgersFood: 3.5
Decor: 4
Ambiance: 5
Service: 4.5
Value: 3.5
Perhaps my review would be different if visiting while school was in session, but we had a great time sitting out on the quiet patio out front enjoying our reasonably priced food. No outrageous menu choices or anything that stood out as amazing, but affordable with a nice atmosphere is usually sufficient for me.Always good food and atmosphere. More of a college hang out with your typical fried food and beer. It's worth taking a look.This place was located right near our hotel and we were in the mood for Irish pub food so we headed here. THE BEST BANGERS AND MASH!!! Crispy on the outside and tender inside. The mashed potatoes were so flavorful. The onion gravy was to die for! 
My daughter got a salad/soup combo and loved the salad. She had arugula and a lot of other mixed greens. The loaded baked potato soup had a great flavor but the texture was a bit off. 
The service was fast and friendly! 
All in all, we loved it and it made our trip!!!!You can not go wrong!!! Delicious food, however the staff are the best! As a Boston fan, it was great fun to watch the games with Matt then Michael! Wonderful day!What is with all those reviews about great fries?  Admittedly, they are not a frozen product.  But great?  Just average by me. Burger was all meat and juicy with a quality bacon product used. Way too loud for me though.In town for the night looking for late night dinner. Found the New Deck Tavern open and empty. It was a Tuesday night at 9 pm. Service was
fast and friendly. Ordered soups and sandwiches. The Onion soup was ok. The special burger ordered med rare was well done. The only good thing was the place was quite.My wife and I often have to visit the Univ of Penn Hospital. I have found this to be the excellent restaurant within walking distance. Most of the food is good. Excellent pub atmosphere. Some tables outside. I recommend the fajitas (ask for a couple extra tortillas).I've been living and going to school in University City for five years now and I've been here so many times. I used to come here with my family quite a bit when we were still getting used to the area and figuring out places to go, they always enjoyed it. I've had their burgers, bangers and mash, a bunch of chicken dishes, and their Shepard's pie plenty of times and don't ever recall having a bad meal. Once I was able to drink I've gone out here a bunch of times and it's always been cool. The drinks are cheap, and after 11 everyday the apps are half off which is huge. It never gets super packed and I've never had difficulty getting a table or a seat near the bar. Karaoke night is fun, especially after a few beers. The ambiance is typical of an Irish pub and with some out door seating its nice to relax outside when the weather calls for it. New Deck won't blow your mind but I don't think it will disappoint either.A Penn bar dating back to the 1930's that doesn't feel like a college bar, much like Charlie's in Harvard Square. A solid Irish Pub with a traditional beer selection and some surprises. Your average pub menu, but they do it well. I especially enjoyed the spinach and artichoke dip with in house chips. The crowd tends to be a mix of graduate students, professors, construction works and locals, it gets a little loud at times, but not too bad.Had lunch here with my mom before I knew I had to be gluten-free... had a great burger... but the accompanying fries were very greasy and not crispy. My mom had the crab cakes which I did not try but she said they were good as well!I admit it; I like the new Deck Tavern.
I admit it; I went to Drexel and I frequented New Deck a ton.
I admit it; I have a ton of sorta-memories from there during college besides the rubbery steak fajita's and the authentic spiteful Irish wait and bar staff. 
I admit it; Their half-price late night food menu kept fuel in our tanks during the leaner times during school.
I admit it; We nicknamed the manager "Timmy the Tooth". Its a dick move - but he is missing a major one in the front. C'mon, somebody has to tell him.
I admit it; I got hammered and used to yell "Go back to Jersey" at the Karaoke MC on Tuesday nights for the better part of the Spring of 2004. 
I admit it; Its more than just Ironic that my karaoke songs of choice were Bon Jovi more often than not - especially taking into account that disparaging remarks focused on the great garden state flowed freely from my mouth on a regular basis. 
I admit it; the name of our Quizzo team was "Penn Sucks - go and study". Funny at the time, but I am just thankful I own my own business now, or those Ivy leaugers would still be haunting my dreams. Smug bastards.
I admit it; We absolutely waited until the lights came on one night and as the one bouncer was sweeping with his "staff" collared shirt off, we stole it.
I admit it; We ran into my full-on dutch Psych 102 professor there one time. He called us pussies for asking him to do a shot of Jaeger with us - so we did vodka upon his request. An hour later he fell down the back stairs while trying to leave the out back entrance. If we weren't so wacked from his "manly" vodka shots we probably wouldn't have laughed as hard as we did and could have assisted him - but we were doubled over laughing just too damn hard.He def made crazy dutch noises all the way down the steps and he def missed class the next day and showed up for Friday all bruised up. He is European though and absolutely found the humor in the fact that he got sloppy and fell down the bar steps after drinking with his students albeit after the fact.
I admit it; Since I graduated from Drexel a while back I think I have maybe been to New Deck once. My car got broken into while I was there and I ran into my ex. It was a sign.
I admit it; I like new deck tavern, but I think I am safer east of 30th st as I live out the remainder of my days.
Through the eyes of a college kid: 5 stars.
Through the eyes of everyone else: 3 Stars.Classic Irish Pub fare. Not quite as exciting as some of the restaurants on the same block but definitely a few levels cheaper which makes it a great pick.I used to be really fond of this place but honestly every time I've gone this year, I've had bad food, bad service, so on and so forth.
Don't get me wrong, it's convenient but sometimes the place is a zoo.New Deck has good service and ambiance, and the prices aren't shabby for the amount of food you're ordering. I ordered the New Deck Burger, and the meat was juicy and delicious, cooked to the medium well I asked for. The fries were nice and crispy (but soft and potato-y inside) - and the quesadillas seemed quite large given their price.
The food was good, not amazing or something I'd die to come back for.it's fun if you go with a bunch of friends, and only certain foods are acceptable.  i like the nachos and awesome fries.  it's definitely a college crowd, beer drinkers hangout.  quizo is fun.Gets five stars because this is my favorite local hangout bar AND it's only 1/2 a block away from my house.
The food is pretty greasy but that's expected.  The cheese fries are sinfully good...fried potatoes, tons of cheese, bacon, ranch dressing...what's not to love?!  I try to limit my in take of these to about once a month.
Beer is beer.  But here it's cheap!  That's the important thing.  Sometimes they even have Guiness for $3 a pint!  That's a steal!
Free peanuts!!!!!  FREE.  
Quizo!  Love playing quizo here.  Eventually my team may actually win, or at least I hope so!Noisy place to meet friends after work.  The staff were nice, but the ambient level is too high for my taste.  Good selection of beers, decent happy hour prices, but the bangers and mash were sausages--not real bangers with their high cornmeal content--and the mash was just OK, though voluminous and smpthered in tasty gravy.  Friends dishes were generally unremarkable--crispy fries were good, burger done correctly but unremarkably.We just stopped by on a Friday night to meet up with some friends. We arrived around 10:45pm, and the place was already packed! We only came in for drinks since we had dinner already. 
This place sorta reminds me of Raleigh's (before it was burned down) and Blakes at Berkeley. Good times at those places.
I am not from the area, but I can imagine a lot of UPenn students frequent this bar since it is near campus. 
Free peanuts and a few beer selection on draft. Not bad. I love the ambiance :)New Deck is super stereotypical as far as faux-Irish bars are concerned.  It has the requisite Guinness schwag on the walls, it serves the typical bland but filling wings, potader skins and burger combinations we all know and love, and the staff are appropriately attentive.  It really does nothing to make itself stand out, nor is it particularly offensive in any way.  If New Deck were a car, it'd be a Ford hatchback.  If it were a person, it'd be the kind of person who buys and likes driving a Ford hatchback.  But it's neither of those things.  It's a bar.  A bar that a person who drives a Ford hatchback would be really fond of.A nice pub feel and we found food to generally good. wait service excellent. The only disappointment was the corned beef used was "supermarket" type corned beef instead of freshly cooked corned beef.This place gets 4 stars in the Summer and 2 stars from September to May.  guess Why.
My wife and I like stopping here before our way home.  Its great to sit out side and have a beer.  Most of the students are gone for the year and the whole place is calm. The food has always been good, but I always either get the Shepherds Pie or the Fish and Chips and Nachos for Appetizers.  Sometimes with places like this, Someone recommends something so I try it, and if it's good, I stick to it.  Pub Grub can be experimental and hit or miss so if you hit, you stick to it.  The Pie and the Fish and chips always do right by us.  They have Harp, Guiness, Bass. I forget if they have smithwicks or not.  But one of those four are enough for me.  Nice smooth finishing Ale or a Malty.  If I want anything else more adventurous I'll go somewhere like Eulogy.  but otherwise, I am perfectly happy at New Deck.  It works for me.  The wait staff could be a bit friendlier, but if I have to deal with certain bratty PENN kids most of the year, I may be a bit gruff by days end too.  I hear they are a pain, and are bad tippers, but this is all heresay.    Anyway, the place is great when it's not flooded with students.  There is room to move around and you can hear what people say, and you can usually park right in front of the bar if you drive.  After September, we stay away.  Plenty of other places to go. but again, between May and September, this place is a Gem.New Deck... Doing its part (and then some) to encourage the 'Freshman 15'Not a bad little pub in the middle of University City. Typical mix of college kids and business travelers.  Was nice until a pushy karaoke DJ started slamming song books down on the table banging into food and drink.  Server was a gum chomper who could care less.  Karaoke music was played at rock band decibel levels.
Still, they had Guinness on tap and a great Reuben sandwich.  Three stars.This is the best bar in U-Penn.  Its funny to see all the wanna be bar/restaurants on the street.  New Deck is THE bar to go to.  Great specials, and things are thought through.
I had a very good time with the bartenders, in with little company, they are quick to start up a conversation.
Great job folks.This is a solid place for happy hour. Beers are cheap, and of course there are the awesome fries. You'd be a fool NOT to get them during happy hour! Awesome fries = cheesy, bacony goodness. They do a good job with them. The rest of the apps are OK too, but don't compare. The veggie spring rolls are just alright... the sauce is pretty sweet. But for the price - 4 apps cost less than $20 during happy hour. I also like that this place doesn't have an overwhelming undergrad feel. 
I would give this place 4 stars especially given their awesome fries, but I haven't always had the best service here. I'm not sure if the servers get overwhelmed during happy hour or something. Either way, I'll probably take my chances and be back again because cheap awesome fries are just...well, awesome.Was just there. Smelled terrible and a huge roach on the bar right next to me. Great! Never step foot in there again.The New Deck is exactly what you think it is.  Bar food and a fair amount of beers.  It's not very pricey, but there's no glam to it.  It's a big place, but it fills up quickly.  I know they host a large Quizo crowd, though I've never participated here.  It's a reliably consistent place, but no different from any other place that claims to be an Irish pub.Came here on a Saturday afternoon with 3 friends. I had only been here once before and it was to have a burger and a beer after a day of intense, pre-Phd examinations. The burger was delicious (it was the first thing I had eaten that day at around 5pm) and the beer (again, on an empty stomach) got the job done.
Fast forward to 9-10 months later on a Saturday in February:
My friends and I decide we NEED to have calamari and beer. We visit city tap house and they're not serving it until 6pm. It's now 2:30pm. We see that New Deck has calamari on its menu so we decide to go there. We arrive, wait forever to get a table, an additional forever to order, the calamari comes out. There are two tiny plates of small, golden balls of fried batter with a tablespoon of canned (maybe jarred?) tomato sauce on the side. We ask for lemons. The waitress brings 3 slivers of lemon (the kind that sit on the rim of a glass). These slivers are so thin that it is impossible to squeeze the lemon onto the "calamari" without first mushing it in between your fingers. We order a few burgers, a salad and the "char grilled" chicken quesadilla. The meat in the quesadilla was not grilled, it was soggy, ground, dark meat chicken. The fries that game with the burgers tasted like funk.. sorta like what a wet dishrag would taste like. The salad was somewhere between room temperature and noticeably warm.
Now, if I had visited New Deck at, say, 11:30pm on a Saturday night I wouldn't be surprised that the bathroom was in the state that it was in but 3pm on a Saturday? Piss, toilet paper and what looked like spit was everywhere. They also have these weird faucets that only work if you hold them on.. I was so disgusted and confused. 
I'm absolutely positive that I won't be back. I don't care that the quesadilla was $3.00. That's because they used what looked (and tasted) like discarded chicken parts. No thanks.Weird and unpleasant lowlight of our recent vacation to Philadelphia. After several hours of doing a walking tour around the University City area we spotted this place around 3PM and decided to stop in for a drink and a pause before continuing on. 
The place was basically empty, and a few moments after stepping in we were "acknowledged" by a snotty, arrogant waitress who made it clear she couldn't stand the sight of us. She then proceeded to go out of her way to make it difficult for us to get any information about what the establishment had to offer and to simply place an order for a couple of drinks. 
By allowing the service workers in this place to vent their hostility on customers the management is doing neither these workers nor the business any favors. The workers in the New Deck Tavern desperately need basic training in food/drink service topics including how to interact with customers.Fries and rings are to die for - seriously the best on campus. 
Go during happy hour (M-F 5-7, Sat & Sun 3-5) for 1/2 off apps.
The burgers are pretty good and cheap (I get the veggie burger - frozen patty and just okay), but the bun is too sweet, almost like airplane bread.
When I was non-vegetarian, I had the shephard's pie, which was quite good, pretty hefty. I've also heard great things about the Turkey sandwich.After living in New York for over a year, I really, really miss New Deck! I've always been a huge fan of their burgers and, most of all, their dazzling French onion soup!
If you visit during their Happy Hour (5 to 7PM on weekdays), take advantage of their half-price appetizers (I think the same thing after midnight or 11PM as well), and load up on tons of really bad, greasy, starchy delights. 
The atmosphere here is unparalleled, and I'd give anything to find a decent, cozy establishment with this much attitude in New York (still haven't found one). 
Now I'll admit they have problems with consistency. Sometimes my burger doesn't have its pickle on the side, and they used to season their fries, which they seemed to have stopped doing about 2 years ago. And their service can be spotty: refills are hard to come by at the tables and waitresses can vary from attentive to asleep-on-horse-tranquilizers.
However, for about $7.50, you can enjoy a burger topped with applewood smoked bacon, portabello mushroom, and Colby Jack cheese (all from memory, baby), and on the side you'll get a tomato slice, raw onions, and lettuce. While I'm not a big fan of raw onion, who cares? Dude, it has BACON and MUSHROOM! Hell yeah!
And the French soup is likewise good. Again, once in a while it's a bit salty, but given that it's only $2.50 (with an entree, like a burger) compared to the $10.00 I've shelled out at NY restaurants, it's a much better deliverer for value. Nice amount of bread soaked in the rich, velvety broth and enough cheese to live up to the name, but not so much to clog your throat (and hopefully arteries).
The thing I love most is how much of a good deal this place is: amazing food, great crowd, perfect vibe, and super cheap prices. A little crock of soup with blazed cheese on top, a delectable burger, crisp and way too plentiful fries for less than $15 (and that INCLUDES tax and tip) is simply unbeatable. I've had crap sandwiches that cost more in Manhattan.
If you go on a Thursday and especially Friday night, expect a wait - I recommend that one person gets here at least 20 minutes before you hope to sit down to reduce wait time (not everyone has to be there while waiting, but you do need 75% present for seating).
On a really busy night, I prefer to call in my order - they can get stuff ready in 15 minutes - and just grab it and go.
While a more reasonable person might give this place 4 stars (maybe even 3, if they cite consistency issues and the sometimes crazy waitresses), for some reason ever since I first came here I've been craving their food, and I go crazy if I visit Philly without stopping by here.Have been here a few times, and the experience has always been positive.  The bar is situated very close to penn and drexel so the vast majority of people in there are of college age or maybe a bit older. As such the beer prices are very reasonable for the area ($4-$6).
What really surprised me and I guess keeps me coming back is how quick and nice the bartenders are.  Even though its on a college campus and it gets busy every time I have been there, they are always quick to take orders when your drinks are running low. They arnt self absorbed, on their phones all the time, or acting like they are doing you a favor when they take your order... which seems to have become more and more the norm at many bars in this city.
The kind of push their trivia night here, ive gone a few times and its good, however the odds are stacked against you as you will be playing teams of half a dozen ivy league kids, so make sure you either come with big , well rounded team, or you really dont have a chance of making the prizes
Overall for  university city( a place with surprisingly small number bars compared to the large number of young people living there) this has become one of my preferred spotsI was super late getting out of work and not much is open late during the week in University City. New Deck Tavern was however. That's about all the good I have to say about it. 
Ordered some fries and they were unsalted and kinda plain. Bartender seemed less than interested in really engaging anyone. Quizzo was wrapping up so it was pretty busy.
Everything was just okay. Not terrible but not that good either.
I probably wouldn't go back because it wasn't that extraordinary. It seemed kinda tired.A couple months back I went to New Deck for lunch with friends, meal was typical fried stuff and burgers, all in all the food was okay... but when the waiter came to pick up the dishes and things from the table, he spilled tabasco sauce all over my shirt and pants! He then hurried away and didn't say anything. I'm surprised that he didn't even say sorry or try to do anything to help me, so after a minute or two I left to get my clothes in the washer, and my friends sat waiting for the bill. At least he had the afterthought to comp my portion of the meal. I'm sure he was glad I didn't talk to his manager, if I wasn't drenched in sauce and rushing to get home, I would have.
Today, my friends suggesting going here for lunch, and I figure it wouldn't be an issue. Again, the meal was alright, food was average, but then when the waitress came to clear the table, she spilled sauce onto my bookbag and coat. My friends sitting next to me noticed her mistake, and they also noticed her looking down at my belongings and then walking away and told me what happened. When she got back to the table, I asked her for seltzer water and informed her that she had spilled sauce on my stuff, she just looked at me and said, oh, ok. Absolutely no apologies. Absolutely unacceptable for waitstaff.This place is not bad for a casual day/night of drinking.
New Deck was the first place I went after I turned 21 (so many years ago), and their deals were pretty good - $2 pints and half-price apps, I think it was. The deals have since switched up a bit but I still like coming here.
I was here yesterday for the game (go Eagles!) and I had a pretty good experience. Our server made sure to seat us where we could get a good view of the screen. The gameday specials are really good - $2 Miller Lite during Sunday NFL games, $2 Bud/Bud Light and wings specials during Eagles games. They also have Phillies specials. 
The food we ordered was just alright - curry fries (good flavor, not so good texture), wings (eh), and my friend had the baked potato soup which I've always been a fan of. In the past, I've ordered the chicken parm and it wasn't that great; marinara sauce was pretty watery.
I'm still a fan of this place even if the food isn't outstanding. The drink specials are usually really good and it's a great place to just hang out with your buddies.I'm pretty new to Philadelphia, and I've just turned 21 last July. I haven't been to many bars since, but I decided to go into here after my class one night to watch a Flyers game. I was also lucky, because representatives from the Phillies were there and I got some free Phillies stuff.
The staff is very friendly and I had a few beers and a plate of wings while I watched the Flyers get a much needed the Capitals on a Wednesday night.
The beer selection is amazing, and I love English beer, and they have both Boddington's Pub Ale and New Castle Brown Ale on tap. They also have the obvious Irish beers, Guiness, Smithwick's, and Harp Lager. The best thing about it is the prices are very reasonable. Boddington's isn't the best English ale, but for $5.50 it's the best I can get after being to England twice when I was 18. I really wanna come back and try the fish and chips.
The prices are very reasonable as well. They have the basic beers for around $4, and they have a 50 cent wing night. The wings are extremely spicy and messy, but also very big and very good. I definitely wanna come back here, especially whenever my friends from Delaware come up and when the Flyers are in the playoffsTalking with a friend the other day (both of us were Penn grads) made me nostalgic of my good ol days in Philly (I've since moved on to the opposite coast of the country) and my constant slaving away at HUP as a lowly medical resident.  Often we as a group of overworked and underpaid MDs in training would seek to decompress and blow off some steam, which we needed to do on a daily basis, at our favorite Irish watering hole, the New Deck.
While not exactly a cutting edge gastropub serving the latest and weirdest in fusion cuisine, I took great comfort in having a Guiness and some good old fashion british isles style pub grub to wash away the pain of the day.
How could I forget their baked potato soup, irish style chicken curry and shepards pie.  I'd also have some of the slightly less traditional chicken tenders, burger, and fajitas occasionally, but I have this fondness for old world food, and not being from the Emerald Isle, I can't claim my korean mother made an Irish stew that would put any college town pub's to shame.  Now i'm thinking next time I'm in Philly for business or recreation, I'll have to make a stop for old times sake.Brought some family that was visiting here for a quick lunch.  The environment is nice (on a weekend during break week at Drexel & Penn).  The staff was attentive, the food was good.  It's your typical University neighborhood joint, a little pricey, for what they serve, but a nice place to stop in for a bite and unwind.  I would imagine the atmosphere changes quite a bit during regular term.This became our go-to place while visiting a family member in the hospital.  Lots of interesting food choices here.  And very affordable.  This is a pretty cool, fun spot to hang out for dinner.  Service is a little iffy, had to keep finding our waiter for water, ketchup, etc.This place is pretty average on every level. It's an Irish pub with decent bar food and decent beer selection. Prices are average for the area. Good place to go if your just looking for a quick bite or casual drink.I went to the University for training (I am significantly older then the average collage kid.)  I yelped the area before going and found the Deck was the only place within a short walk from my hotel.  Previous reviews said that it was a little cheesy but I wanted a pint so I went.  The first time I sat at the bar, it seemed like a great pub with only a couple of dozen people in the place.   I started to question the reviews  that I had read.   The second night we sat at a table and I noticed the movie posters hung on the walls.  OK it is a little cheesy.
We returned just about every night the rest of the week. 
This may not be an authentic Irish pub but it is a good place to hang out and get a couple of drinks and something to eat.
Every night seems to be different, I think Wednesday was trivia night and Thursday was karaoke.  It is a collage bar but I had a good time there and would go again if/when I returned to Philly.Great loaded fries... and place is good for big crowds.Man, I hate to update my first ROTD, but after going back to New Deck for some post exam burgers and beers, it must be done.
I realize my first mistake was not beginning the food portion of the program on a heavily intoxicated stomach, but still... my burger the last time I went.  So bad.  So so bad.  So so very bad.  Patty like a hockey puck.  Bun like a cardboard pouf.  One of my dining companions commented that her burger may have been the worst burger she'd ever gotten.  Not good, New Deck, not good.  I know the food is sort of just a tool to sop up the booze, but still.  I need to want to eat the food at least a little if it's going to do its job.  Note to the kitchen: time for a new beef supplier and/or a new grill person.Three Stars, but that's a not necessarily a bad thing.
The value is not great, and service unpredictable. However, you trade that for great location, Quizzo twice a week, and a great soccer-watching spot for U-City. 
Penn Grad students, esp law students, should totally take advantage of this spot.I love this place. It's literally my favorite place in U city. No, it doesn't have unique food, but its a great instiutional with solid bar food and drink. It's also the birthplace of quizzo! Note that it's main downfall is that its very hard to watch sports here as there is so many columns and walls that you often can't see many of the TVs.I've been here multiple times and I really like it. It doesn't get 5 stars because there was a server who was significantly rude and dismissive to me and my predominantly Spanish speaking group of friends. However, someone at new deck must have noticed because we quickly got a different waiter who was extra attentive and nice. 
Besides that incident, service is usually good if not just efficient. I've gone here multiple times with a large group without a reservation and they've been able to accommodate us. Sabrina is really sweet. 
This place is great to appease a burger craving. The wings are delicious as well. I wouldn't say the food is the most spectacular ever, but for a fun affordable campus bar, it's yummy enough.Easily the best Fish and Chips I've had! The fish had a really crispy batter which I loved.  So many other places have a somewhat soggy batter.  Margaritas weren't the best - our 2nd pitcher tasted like lemonade - no taste of tequila at all.  But everyone in our group loved the food.Last night was a disaster at New Deck. Went for a friends 21st birthday. 
When I sat down my arm got stuck on the funk juice residue left on the table. Gross.
Moments later we were greeted by a not so nice waitress who seemed to have better things to do.
To top it all, we had a wedding singer start strumming away, belting out the sweet sounds of Bob Marley. It was a joke.
Now, that being said the food and drinks were cheap. So if your goal is fast inebriation, your set. 
Finally, I think the place is having an identity crisis. It's not sure if its a sports bar, TGIF, or some pub in Cork County.I have been here many many times for Quizzo and had a very enjoyable evening. Quizzo is usually pretty crowded. They do a decent job assigning tables, but they could use another host - he abandons his post to collect the $1 per player and leaves many groups sans table. The service can be hit or miss, which is a byproduct of the crowds. 
Very good draft list that rotates pretty frequently. They have complimentary peanuts by the door. I've only ever had cheese fries & the quesadilla. Both good bar food. I do not recommend the buffalo chicken tenders - you will get 4. Not worth the price. 
I do have to say that this is very much a college crowd. They don't do a very good job of enforcing any sort of hourly minimum or food requirement for tables. So you'll see 3 people squatting at a massive table that could hold 8, with a half pitcher of beer and no food. To be honest, that seems to happen a lot, which is pretty inconsiderate.  But I digress. Quizzo is great, most everyone is friendly, and it's a good place to watch the game.