I have been wanting to go to New Wave Cafe for years - mostly because I've been in Philly so long and people find it strange when I say that I've never been.  There is a great lesson to be learned here: do not allow built-up expectations to influence how you react to a pretty stereotypical pub. Let's just say that I was let down. There just isn't much to comment on. I was disappointed by their lackluster beer choices and the food really wasn't very good (a salmon burger, chicken breast dinner, and tator tots are what we feasted on.) Also, the service was slow considering that there weren't may people there on a Friday evening.This place is so dirty! There was hair practically on all my utensils. Before my food could come to the table I had to cancel my order because the owner (who I thought was a customer at the time) waltzed in dramatically sneezing and coughing everywhere. This proceeded all the way up until he entered the KITCHEN. When he came out of the KITCHEN he was then seen blowing his nose & walking around the restaurant without ever washing his hands! After that he started clearing off tables -_-One of those places you keep giving a second chance even though there are a 100 other places you've been meaning to check out. Food is consistently ok. Nothing has really impressed me but for the price point it's alright. Decent beer selection and at least they have a cotes du rhone on the menu but the service/overall experience, as others have alluded to, is what really holds this place back.
I can deal with long waits for food and drink, just gives me more time to hang out with the girl. But when the service is underwhelming on top, meaning they don't bother to mention specials, barely answer any questions you may have, and overall have you wondering why they took the job, then it kind of drags down the mood. The manager (owner?) is equally awkward when he gets involved. 
Anyway, I enjoyed going on Sunday mornings/afternoons because it was always dead on the bar side and could grab a spot at the pool table if I wanted. Oh yeah, and they have no idea how to price the Schneider-Weisse--$4.50 for 16oz bottle I think. 
Expect to pay: $35 for two for brunch including a drink each.Here is the thing. I absolutely would have given New Wave 4 stars, but the service was so appalling this evening, I have to give it two. Our server ignored us. Was absolutely rude, rolled her eyes at us and was completely unengaging. In an almost empty dining room during the Eagles game, she stayed near the hostess stand or visibly ate in the kitchen instead of checking on us. The food was really good, however. I had the hummus and turkey sandwich and my husband had the burger. Our friend Sarah had the cheesesteak after she asked this server if the brisket was fatty and was told, "Well, I mean, it's meat. It's going to be kind of fatty." I would definitely go back. The TVs are great and in prime real estate for Philly sports and the food is great, Additionally, the owner allowed 40 Green Bay fans to take over half of the bar without any criticism whatsoever.I only live right behind New Wave and haven't gone in for months. Every time I give it another chance i'm disappointed. First i must say that it's overpriced, food and drinks. The food is bad. If your just going to serve crappy bar food it should at least be good, it's not. Everything is bland and tastes like it came out of a can. The bartenders are great one second and total jackasses the next. Take out beer is expensive, even mixed drinks and draft beer is overpriced. I'm not cheap but I feel like I get ripped off every time I go in, which is why i stopped going in. The decor is awful. Everything in the place seems old. Even there tap beers are lame, it's like drinking in a bowling alley, but it costs more. I don't feel New Wave is appropriate, perhaps Old Wave or Crap Hole would work better. Do yourself a favor and walk a couple blocks to Royal Tavern and have great beer and food.Service was horrible. The waiter wanted absolutely nothing to do with any of his customers and you could tell by the way he acted.  Took about 45 minutes to get a drink. After I received that drink, there was a mouse running around the restaurant. Multiple customers told employees who didn't care and didn't want to deal with the mouse. They finally took care of it. Awful experience with rude and poor service. Will not go back.Pretty solid bar food. We shared the buffalo wings - smelled better than they tasted, but still ok, hummus - super bland and (inexplicably) included pesto. I had the brisket with fries - highlight of the meal and quite delicious. I'd come back for this dish alone.One of my all time South Philly favorite spots. Great service. Mostly local a crowd. I try to stop in to say hi, have some long hots and dive into their excellent beer selection when ever I find myself passing through the city.The service was great but the food was a huge disappointment.  Ordered a reuben sandwich which had more fat than meat.  To make matters worst, the sandwich had very few pieces of corned beef.  I guess we are spoiled in south Jersey.   When you order a reuben at one of the restaurants there is so much meat that it literally falls off your sandwich.   Maybe they did not have enough corned beef  for the day and tried to ration the portions to serve other customers.I am a New Wave fan usually and have been frequenting this spot for the last two years. My experience today, however, made me upset enough to write this review. Prior to today, I would have rated New Wave with 4-5 stars - please be sure to take that into consideration when reading this review further. My fiance and I went for brunch this afternoon. He ordered the bleu burger medium and I ordered huevos rancheros. When our food came, my fiance's burger was pretty much rare and half of his fries were frozen. My order was 1 egg short, had no cheese, and absolutely no seasoning on any of it whatsoever. It was two charred tortillas, plain white rice, half of an avocado, three slices of tomato and a few forkfuls of bland pulled pork. They didn't have two of the beers on tap that we ordered at first. Overall, it was a pretty disappointing experience. It could have been an off day or a new cook. I hope that is the case and that it gets better. When the bill came and we paid over $50 for that meal, I wanted to cry (not really, but I sure as heck wasn't thrilled about spending that kind of money on our meal). I know that we should have spoke up but that is something I truly don't enjoy doing.I have to confess that I've only been to New Wave for Sunday brunch, but love it so much that my husband and I make it a point to go at least once a month.  The coffee is hot, plentiful, and perfectly brewed, and the staff is friendly, quick, and attentive.  The portions are generous but not so large that you feel like a glutton if you finish.  My go-to is the morning special but if I'm feeling indulgent, the Nutella waffles are fantastic too.  If you order up a mimosa you get the split of champagne to finish at your leisure, which isn't too shabby!  
You also get to sit outside and people watch on nice days while you sip your coffee and decide on your Sunday plans.  All in all, this is a delightful spot for a relaxing breakfast.No, it's not a gastropub and I'm glad it's not.  The food is just better than standard bar food with an even tap list to round it out.  I love the feel here; ultra casual and welcoming.  This is a corner bar with a twist that you'll find all walks of life.  The outdoor seating is plentiful, the crowd is non-pretentious, and the staff is ultra friendly.  Definitely a great local spot!I've always had a good time at this spot, it's right around the corner from a good buddy's house, the beer always flows and you can catch a game of darts or pool and it's usually not slammed. I ate here for the first time this week and had the lobster mac and cheese.  As far as Lobster mac and cheeses go it was fairly large shells and an OK amount of lobster, could have been more for $14.  I would have gotten an app or a salad but i didn't want to walk out of there $30 later for bar food plus whatever beers I drank.  So, summary, really good LMC, could use more lobster....seems like they have a good monday night quizzo game going too...beers are reasonably priced...solid neighborhood spot!I had heard a lot about this place and probably would have been on my perpetual to-try list until the other evening when my girlfriend and I were redirected here from a failed dining attempt at For Pete's Sake. Their friendly bartender informed me that their kitchen closed at 11pm that evening and kindly directed us here.
We were particularly pleased. It was late night on a Tuesday and the bartender was pretty helpful at informing us of their specials and offering up some suggestions. We shared a massive 9oz. burger topped with pork belly, caramelized onions and provolone. It was on special and proved to be quite delicious.
All in all, I'll gladly return to this place to check out their other offerings. The staff was friendly and the atmosphere seemed pretty chill & laid back. It also looked like they had a pretty good draft and bottle selection.I would recommend going elsewhere for better service....like McDonald's.Okay, being from Philly, I never had a chance to go to the New Wave Cafe. I was really enjoyed the bar mainly had that neighborhood feel to it. The food was above average and the staff was great. I'm currently looking for a house in the area and will be a frequent customer at the New wave Cafe.New Wave is a bar on 3rd and Catherine in Queen Village. It's a pretty laid back bar usually with an older crowd during the nights. The layout of the place is a little tight especially where the bathrooms are located. They have a decent beer selection but New Wave does not include tax on their beer prices like most bars so you end up paying something like $4.32 for a beer and always end up having a bunch of change rather than just $4 or $5 flat which was just something weird that stuck out to me. 
New Wave also has tv's scattered throughout the bar for sports games, but what makes New Wave a laid back and entertaining bar to hang out in is the room in the back. They have darts and  a pool table back there and is a great spot for a small group to play some recreational games and shoot the bull. I have also heard that the food is pretty good at New Wave but haven't personally eaten here yet but am looking forward to trying it out soon.What I go to New Wave for: Butternut squash soup with polenta croutons, good service, lobster mac n cheese (sweet!) and other awesome menu items.  Bartender is always helpful when picking out new and tasty beers :DNeeded a wake me up on a Sunday morning before we headed back home to Boston. Came here and was greeted right away by the bartender. My wife and I split a breakfast pizza that totally hit the spot and was very flavorful!Decent food, service ok.
BEWARE: Mens room door has NO LOCK! Minus 1 starI have been to the New Wave enough times that I'm probably paying for the owners' kids' college educations. Check out the Megatouch machine at the front of the bar and just try to beat my Photohunt score. 
There are many thing to love about this place. One could spend hours looking at the autographs collected over the years by one of the owners, Sam. Monday night's Quizo, hosted by Pat Hines, is among the best in the city: challenging but not impossible. Going on vacation? Bring the New Wave the ugliest magnet you can find, and Aly's likely to give you a beer on the house. The staff at the New Wave is great, and a big reason I keep coming back. The addition of more outside seating, plus new tables and windows, and a refurbished pool/dart room, have been big improvements this year. 
My one quibble with the New Wave is the food. While it's almost always very good, they need a bit more variety. The same specials stay on the chalkboards for weeks, sometimes months. Don't they cease being "special" by that point?
Ok, maybe I have another minor quibble: that jukebox. Ugh. Also: I wish they would get an ATM machine.
However, these minor minor complaints aren't things that would keep me away. It's my neighborhood bar, my Cheers.New menu and they're food is AWESOME (now). This is my neighborhood bar but their food was always just so-so (except brunch, brunch has always been good) so we never even considered it when thinking of somewhere to eat. WELL, they have changed their menu and after eating there 3 times recently I feel confident that amazing food is BACK. Drinks have always been good, lame specials ($3 Kenzinger during games, that's basically it) but the atmosphere is cool and we like the staff (especially Toni the waitress!). Give it another try, we are glad we did.I just ate there last night. Calamari was great, and the entrees were just ok. Its a middle of the road type venue.Do not get the nachos ! They put cheese whiz on them and I cannot believe I even ate them!I would make this my everyday bar if I lived closer.  Really good tap and bottle selection.  You can even carry out.  Tuesday Quizzo night is what it is all about.New Wave is somewhere between divey and hipstery in a neighborhood kind of way. I like it a lot. We first started to go here after hockey games (it is a PSN bar sponsor). Good beer selection, ok prices, and the staff is always super friendly but a little slow. I would not go here for a "quick" lunch or dinner, but if I had a little time to kill. Last week they had a $3 mystery beer - beer roulette is the BEST GAME EVER because there are clear winners (Harp Lager) and losers (Bud Ice Platinum). Cheap drafts during all Philadelphia sport games. This is a great spot for groups, for dates, and to watch sports. 
The food is nothing short of delicious. Tater tots? GET THEM. Get 2, your friends are going to steal them. 
The chicken quesadilla was giant! very tasty, thick, I got it as a dinner instead of an app and I was beyond full. Good for sharing.
The Mushroom flat bread was also delicious and large. I ended up sharing about half of it, but I would say that it was definitely enough for a meal. It was crispy and the toppings-to-crust ratio was spot on.
BBQ Pork sandwich was OK...I'm just a bbq sauce snob so it is hard to please me. Protein was cooked well.
GO TO NEW WAVE CAFE!I love this bar!  It's my local haunt, and I throw darts for one of their teams.  The brisket sandwich is delicious and so is the spicy cheese that comes with the tater tots.  I love that they have tater tots.  Only a handful of the places I go to regularly have them on the menu.  The drink special during Philly sports games is worth it ($3 Kenzingers at least), and I WISH I could say I love their happy hour, but I can't, because it ends way before I could ever make it there after work (4-6).  So hopefully they extend those hours to 7 sometime.  
It's a great place to watch a game, have dinner, or just drink a bunch of whiskey .This bar has a nice vibe, decent seating, friendly service.  The reason for the 3 stars, well the food.  This kitchen uses quality product, our salmon was cooked nicely, many restaurants tend to overcook salmon... Scallops could have used slightly more sear, fresh cut fries great, the crab Mac and cheese was a miss... The general issue with the food is under seasoning... We had to add salt and pepper to everything except the fries, and more than once. 
The Mac and cheese had a lemon flavor which was off putting for Mac and cheese and also masked the flavor of the lump crab that was added... Also, it's nice that the modern Mac and cheese has new cheese mixtures but all macs should have a good sharp cheddar or else it's just going to be lacking.  
Overall, it's definitely a step above average pub food but the recipes need to be tweaked, mostly to enhance flavorI've lived in Philly for 4+ years now and have experienced all the young-pro neighborhoods. That being said, this is by far the best neighborhood bar that I've lived around. Great beer, great tvs, great food, pool table and darts, friendly bartenders, play quizzo on Monday nights, plenty of bar seats, outside seating during the warm months, etc. basically everything you want in a bar. 
The beer list is great and constantly rotating. The food menu goes a few steps beyond your normal bar food; catfish BLT is a top Sammy choice for me. Don't have a single complaint about this place. Def has that neighborhood vibe, which is something I always enjoy.Really good neighborhood bar.  Great place to watch nem Phillies, play Quizo and order the shockingly good home fries.Normally an awesome, low key place. The guy during the day is awesome. I used to really look forward to coming here during happy hour for a beer and some food. And then...
 On a Saturday night a few weeks ago I came by to get a beer. The inside was decently busy but every outdoor table was free on a nice fall evening so I sat outside... I waited for ten minutes and no one came out to help me so I went to the bar for help. I asked if I should order a beer there to sit outside or wait for table service. The bartender told me I wasn't allowed to sit outside unless I was ordering dinner. Not only was it presumptuous that I didn't intend on ordering dinner but EVERY SINGLE OUTDOOR TABLE WAS EMPTY. I clearly would not have been obstructing business by having a few beers outside. 
The bartender was so rude and the requirement was so ridiculous that I left and have not been back.New Wave is close to my apartment, so I usually go because it is convenient. Unfortunately, it just doesn't satisfy.  The waitstaff is a little off. They aren't mean, just different. The service is always very slow. WARNING: Do not go here if you are starving because you will be dead by the time the food comes. 
Also, on a recent visit, I noticed the menu changed.  I ordered the chicken fingers and french fries. The chicken fingers were over-fried and greasy;  the fries were soggy.  Chicken fingers and fries are pretty basic menu items, so I was very disappointed and kind of appalled. 
I will probably end up here again for some reason, but I will proceed with caution and a not-so-empty tummy.The fries are good. The television is massive, and the employees and patrons alike are friendly and always ready for a conversation. They have a good selection of bottles (try La Fin Du Monde if you have a healthy wallet) and the atmosphere manages to be lively without being obnoxious. 
Oh, and did I mentioned the fries? They are GOOD. Also, the pita and hummus is a great cheap way to fill your vegetarian stomach or tease your vegetarian friend (due to personality issues, I am usually able to do both, even when alone).
The juke box is the usual fare, the pool table gets the job done, and the plentiful bar and table seating makes the place good for a loner, a couple, or a rowdy reunion of felonious frolickers.
Sorry, lost myself there for a moment.
Only complaint: Get a lock on the Men's Room door. For balls sake, there's nothing like getting walked in on 5 or 6 times during a single pee session. Not to mention that courtesy flimsy-wooden-thing that blocks the interloper from actually spying your junk looks like it's about to fall out of the wall any minute.
Guard my urination, New Wave, and I will be yours for life.This place used to be our post-work spot to get food after midnight.  New Wave gets extra points for serving late-night eats in a non-douchey environment.  The food is decent.  It has higher aspirations than I think they can provide, but it's solid food.  The wines by the glass are just ok, but I can always find at least one decent glass to drink (admitted wine snob here).  This place is probably better for beer lovers.
Since I transitioned into a 9-5 type job, it's been a good while since I stopped in here, but just recently sat outside for pre-dinner drinks.  These tables are quite nice for 3 main reasons: 1. there are lots of old, shady trees in this neighborhhod  2. No buses going by if you snag a Catharine St table and 3. the tables aren't jam-packed on top of each other.  
It's a bar-bar as opposed to a restaurant-bar, if that makes any sense, and thus a cheaper alternative to some of the nearby places.  And definitely a relaxed without being too divey atmosphere.  All in all, a longtime staple in Queen's Village that doesn't disappoint.I'm a bit biased towards New Wave since I met my fiance here, but I just met some friends here for dinner/drinks recently.  I'll go off of that meal:
The beer is fabulous.  SO many draughts and bottles- you absolutely will NOT dehydrate at this establishment.
The servers are also on-it!  Before our pitchers were empty, she was taking our order for the next one.  Food came out quick, plates were taken as soon as the last person finished eating... like a fine ballet!
I ordered the fish taco appetiser as my dinner, and I have to admit it was very gringo execution.  I kinda admit partial fault for that as it was kind of a weird thing to order though.
I also really liked that they left us alone to chat and have fun and relax.  I didn't feel rushed at all, and as a result I definitely ordered more.
I've been here for brunch, dinners, lunch, snacks, waiting for a table at the BYO across the street, and long nights of intense drinking etc. and I've really never had a bad experience.New Wave Cafe was the first place I went to when I moved to Queen Village, and months later I'm still delighted that I live right across the street!! The people here are the kindest, most down to earth people -- I became friendly with several of them instantly. The food is good, a decent selection (even for veggies & gluten-free), and it comes out fast! The drinks are fast, too, and they have the best suggestions if you don't know what you're in the mood for! Definitely a neighborhood staple in my opinion, and a good place to check out if you're walking by! Lovely outdoor seating, too!The New Wave Cafe is a good neighborhood bar for cold beers and solid food. You can shoot darts too, which is always a plus. Overall, It's a comfortable place to hang out with friends on the weekends or after work. I usually opt for a burger and I always leave satisfied.I'm in the food / hospitality business and can be hyper critical of both.  This place has it down.  Cool but not too cool to be friendly, chill and happy to be accommodating. Impeccable hospitality and truly friendly service from the bartender who guided me thru beer options, the person who delivered my meal, the owner who was making genuinely friendly smalltalk with anyone.   Even 12 am food is done with pride and standards.  Much better than I expect to find at that hour - surprisingly better at any hour than one expects for bar food.  So glad to find this rare balance of high standards and chill service right in my neighborhood!My new fave brunch spot, south of south street.
Met the owner. Very chill dude. 
The Iil Italian waitress was a cutie and very accommodating.
My homegurl's French toast was deeelish and she destroyed it in 0.00009867 seconds.
My lox platter (yah, I'm a Jewish-Pacific Islander) was savory...the cucumbers and tomatoes were fresh and the bagel, although small, was nicely toasted.
Depeche Mode
The Cure
New Order
Thompson Twins
Pet Shop Boys
Tears For Fears
OMD
...yah, New Wave, mofosI love this place...mostly because Aly has big, purple balls.They changed their menu at some point recently to a very bar type food menu.  There used to be bar food but also restaurant quality food.  Not that it was fancy, but there were some good options.  The new menu isn't good.  There really wasn't anything on it I wanted; and others are the table felt the same.  The food was ok for what it was, but certainly nothing good really.  The service stunk, as it has before.   I won't be back.I just moved into the area and had heard good things about New Wave from some coworkers and friends in the area but after the last 2 experiences I will never eat there again.
I went in on January 1st and it was a little busy but the dining area wasn't that bad. We ordered a burger some fries and soup and I wanted 4 tables around us get flipped and get food while we waiting over 45 minutes and no food. Finally we flag down a waitress who cops an attitude for me asking and then our waitress comes over and tell us the food order got lost. Also note we had to flag down a waitress no one ever checked in on us. Finally I asked for the manger after almost an hour and no food and he apologizes and comps the food but when it comes out the burger is overcooked and the tater tots are cold.
I went back again last night for a 2nd chance, this time I brought my parents. My mom is allergic to shellfish and the waitress says man that sucks everyhing is cooked together here and my mom orders a reuben as does my step father I order the special, a buffalo chicken wrap, 50 minutes later I have to go up to the bar and ask for them to check on it, and also turn the Flyers game back on it was 4-4 with like 3  minutes to go and they flip it without seeing if it was still on. When the food comes out the Reubens are both hot,  but my sandwich is room temp at best and the tater tots are cold. Again our waitress never checked on us, but one of the bartenders had walked by a couple times and she even refilled our beer.
Awful service, wait staff is rude. I have been told its best to just sit at the bar because the bartenders actually care and pay attention. I have never written a review on a place before but I felt after my last two times, I had to.Bartenders are ok but i ordered there signature salad and it was sandy!!!Ouch!!!!The food used to be good here but???Love the brunch and breakfast here, champagne mimosa  comes with personal mini bottles you get about 2 glasses out of each one. Prices are reasonable and the portions are generous.My favorite neighborhood bar and restaurant.    The staff is amazingly friendly, and make the place what it is.    Their drink selection is really great and reasonable.    The kitchen is open late and has standard bar fare, but also does a lot of specials that are pretty amazing.    The crowd tends to be really friendly and fun to be around as well.  Go, hang out, have a pint and some food, and just enjoy the atmosphere.   (Especially in the warmer months when there is outdoor seating.)This is my boyfriends favorite place, and it has become a favorite of mine as well! Really great place to meet a group of people or for a chill night out. The food for more of like a pub is really good. Everything I have had is great. The catfish sandwich is really outstanding. I also love their fries.
Its really fun to go and play pool, darts or watch a game. Overall, a great neighborhood bar.Loving this Queen Village spot. Always great service and they always have some great specials to add onto the already awesome menu. 
Ordered the signature fries which were good , but could have used more crab meat. 
The beer selection is tremendous. Seems like beer week every week. 
I definitely suggest you check it out!!I went here because it came highly recommended from a family friend and they participate with Meredith fundraisers. Service was awful and slow. They were out of Sam Adams Summer Ale which is fine, but then I waited till we were in the middle of our meal to finally receive my beer.Went there randomly to meet a friend of a friend's friends.  Yeah...  Anyway, it was better than expected.  A bit of a divey/diner-ish feel?  They had a magazine cover of Goldie Hawn on the wall and a bunch of Philly sports photos.  Hm?  However, the menu ended up being a touch more upscale than I thought with some veggie options for my veggie friends.  We got the hot tofu bites.  The sauce was quite nice and everyone enjoyed it!  I had pulled pork with a nice fresh side salad with tasty balsamic dressing.  People also got the fish tacos and cheese plate, it all looked good.  Plus they had Kenzinger on $3 special for the Phils game.  Had a blast.Ok. So I've been here a few times. But today, myself and 17 friends showed up for brunch. And New Wave Cafe did such a great job. Firstly, they allowed for me to make a large party brunch reservation. Secondly, they let us be incredibly annoying and move their tables together however we wanted. Their service was friendly and accommodating. There were a few small things that could have been more efficient, but with a party of almost 20 people, that's to be expected. The food was good. The drinks were good. The coffees stayed full. They even let us get split checks (offered to split them!!!). And the owner personally thanked us for coming before we left. Thanks for taking such a difficult group for brunch and treating us kindly. I can't say I'd have been as welcoming to a group like us when I was a serving. 
A+Super friendly service! Great beer selection! Great, fresh food! Nice atmosphere. 
5 stars if they were as cheaply priced as some other local bars.About 5 years ago I used to love the New Wave.  I've been back a number of times since, but 2005 was a great year.  Their Isabella Salad (now renamed; includes goat cheese, red pepper, pine nut, portabello mushroom) is still my favorite item on the menu, but even it has gone through a number of incarnations in recent years.  Their staff is experienced and friendly, and the food is good, but I no longer bring my out of towners there for a bite.  The atmosphere and staff make up for the lackluster menu items.DO NOT EAT HERE. I've had a few different items and it is always disappointing. Last time, I ordered a hamburger, thinking "what could go wrong with a hamburger?" And while there was nothing really "wrong" with it, there was nothing very good about it either. Instead of getting the fries on the side, like I have in the past and regretted, I optioned for the side salad, which in New Wave terms means lettuce. On a previous visit to New Wave, a friend ordered the bread pudding, or something like that, only to find the entire middle filled with MOLD! I am sort of surprised I ever ate there again, then again I am surprised I gave this place two stars and not one. That speaks more to the friendly wait staff and bartenders and it is a good place to drink a beer and watch the game, whatever game that might be, as they have enough t.v.s to accommodate.I went with a couple of friends after exploring South Street's mosaics. They had a great selection of draft beer, and their fries were yummy. The atmosphere was ok, just a little too loud since we were seated by the bar. There was also outdoor seating, but it was too hot that day. Service was great though.Great smaller sports bar. My fiancé and I went to watch an MSU game and the crowd was fun and nice to chat with. The service was amazing- our female server was so friendly and on point. I asked her suggestions regarding beer and food and she nailed it. Seriously some of the best service we've had in this city. Beer is very reasonably priced and good selection. For bar food, it's a great place (make sure you get the tater tots). Pleasantly surprised, will be back.Ventured here for a birthday dinner a few nights ago! It was my first visit in awhile, but everything I remember it to be! Pub atmosphere with good food, decent beer selection, pool table and lots of TVs in the bar area for the games! 
Service was fast despite a very busy night. I had the cheesesteak spring rolls which were delicious club sandwich, veggie burger, and chicken fingers were also on our table's tab and no one had any complaints! Love that you can get Tater tots in lieu of fries here, although that seems to be a growing trend!LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!  My husband and I have been coming here ever since we moved into the neighborhood 3 years ago.  We love coming to watch sports games here at the bar.  Also, whenever our parents are in town we always bring them here for dinner and drinks.  The food is always fresh and tasty.  The Quesadillas and fish tacos are my absolute fav!  If you haven't been here yet, definitely check it out!My friend has Celiacs disease and so we asked if the wings were completely gluten free. She said they were. WRONG, the next day my friend ( he ran long distance for a D1 program) has a 200 bpm heart rate and can't stop going to the bathroom. Great scene but I question the handling of food there.Probably the worst bar I've been to in Philly. Boring! It was hotter inside than outside in the summer. The waitress said that she didn't know if the AC worked.I gave this place another chance last night hoping the shortcomings from last time were because I ordered a salad.  I really wanted to like this place considering it's generally in my neighborhood, so this time I ordered a burger and fries since I figured you can't really go wrong with that at a bar.  However, I was pretty disappointed, which sucks, considering the inside of the place feels like a really nice, friendly homey bar that would crank out great bar food.
For one, there's no hostess so it was a kind of guessing game as to if we should seat ourselves when walking in.  The service wasn't bad but it wasn't good either - kind of apathetic and no mention of specials or anything like that.  BF got the buffalo wings since last time we really enjoyed their chicken fingers in buffalo sauce. Wings were great and so is the sauce - kicking myself for not ordering that.
I ordered the burger that came with blue cheese, bacon and caramelized onions with fries on the side.  When the server brought it out, I was impressed with the sheer size of the burger, but the plate they gave me was the same size plate as my BF's appetizer wing plate and I had no room at all to place the burger down without making a royal mess.
As for the burger, it was cooked a perfect medium, there was tons of blue cheese and the bacon was crispy - the good flavors were all there.  But the "caramelized" onions were slimy, COLD and barely caramelized.  It was off-putting.  The lackluster bun completely disintegrated in my hands with all the toppings plus the lettuce and tomato, so that it became a mushy mess and I ended up eating just the meat since so much of the bun fell off.
The fries were the worst part.  On the plate, they looked so good.  But upon touching and eating them, I realized they were rubbery and underdone, soggy and laden with grease - not crispy, crunchy or salty at all.  Very disappointing.  If the fries were good, I could have given them the benefit of the doubt - but how do you screw up the most basic side ingredient?  
Daily drink specials seem decent and the menu is varied but I don't see myself returning any time soon except maybe ordering takeout for those wings.I'm a little torn on this place because I think had I ordered something different, I would've liked it better.  However, service could have been better too.  We sat outside and it took a long time before anyone acknowledged us.  Then it took a long time between the server bringing us our water and menus, disappearing for a while, ordering our beers, and then actually getting our beers.  It wasn't particularly busy and it was a Sunday, so I'm not sure what the hold up was.  
After a long day, I wasn't craving anything heavy or greasy, so I opted for the taco salad that comes with strips of steak.  It was just okay.  The French dressing made sense with it and the steak I did get was flavorful, but there was so little of it.  Honestly, most of my salad was just lettuce, which duh it's a salad, I know I'm supposed to get lettuce, but there was hardly any other type of interesting topping, minus the few pieces of crunchy tortilla strips strewn about.  I was hungry by the time I got home.  For the prices that seemed above average for a corner bar, I wasn't really impressed.
My boyfriend ordered the chicken finger appetizer tossed in buffalo, and they were delicious.  Hearty pieces of chicken in a delicious breading and the buffalo sauce reminds of the great boneless buffalo sauces you'd get back in Scranton- sweet with a nice added spicy kick.  We said if we ever came here again we'd just order a crap ton of buffalo wings because if that's the sauce they come in, I'd be very pleased.
I'll give it another try for the wings or maybe one of the sandwiches that sounded delicious and update my review.This was my first time coming here and I enjoyed it. My date and I walked in and were greeted by the friendly bartender. She told us we can sit anywhere, so we thought we sit outside since it was a nice day. The waitress was nice, attentive, and very friendly, so customer service was great. I ordered a short rib grilled cheese sandwich and it was awesome! Seriously, the sandwich would of been awesome with just the three different cheeses but the short rib made it that much more amazing! Good service + good food= awesome bar for drinks and a bite!New Wave delivers everything I need from a neighborhood bar. It has good food, good beer selection, good service, it's close and open late. Want a burger at 1 am? Done. Want a six pack but don't want to schlep all the way to the foodery? Done. The food is good and the price is right. Of course I've only had the Texas burger and the Turkey sandwich but that's because they're so good I can't force myself to try something new.  This place is my go-to for takeout.Over-Priced.
Okay, I don't own a restaurant or anything, but I certainly have been to a lot of restaurants, and I have noticed (after all these years) that some charge small amounts of money and some charge large amounts of money.  And all for the same thing.  I was at a bar in Long Island where I purchased a six pack of Miller Highlife for $4.50.  At the New Wave, I paid $4.75 for one Miller Highlife.  THIS IS A TRUE STORY.
I have had food at New Wave.  Some of it was good, some of it was weak.  I could take it or leave it.  I'm going to leave it, though.  I'll march down the street to any number of bars and get the same Tofu Scramble for brunch at half the price.
Just to set the record straight, I don't have a deep rooted hatred for New Wave.  I don't go around slandering it or anything (which is nice of me, since I DO do that about other things), but I just don't understand the pricing system in bars and restaurants.  I guess if you can hike up your prices, go for it.  But I'd rather sling a $4 long island at Dirty Franks than a cursed $4.75 Highlife at New Wave.New wave is exactly what you'd want your neighborhood bar to be.  Clean, friendly staff, and surprisingly good food.  This is my standby place and I'm never disappointed.Oh Neeeeeeeeew Waaaaaaave..... what happened to that little Queens Village gem from 7-10 years ago. Where is the 3 bell review Laban gave you....? This used be that "go to" neighborhood bar where you would not have a second thought about here to hangout if you needed to fallback on an excuse to get out of house.... 
I ventured back to the old neighborhood and check in on you...... you are sick, you are old, outdated...what happened to you? Where is the flair, where is the chicken cutlet with rabe and sharp provolone before it was popular, where are the waitresses that are above 13 yrs old and cute, what happened to.......you get the picture,I like New Wave, I go here fairly often. It's convenient and the staff is friendly. 
I do have to say, though, I have tried the food a number of times and it's always bad. Definitely go here for drinks but just stick with the fries if you get hungry.LOVE New Wave! 
The staff is friendly and courteous. They have excellent service and tons of beer and drink selections. I think I have tried almost every house drink on the menu. 
The food is good. I wouldn't say it's blow my mind good or anything, but it is good. 
I like this place because it has a dive bar feel to it and it is far enough off South Street that the prices are more reasonable and there is little to no tourists. 
This is bar you can feel comfortable in day or night. 
I haven't tried Quizzo here yet, but I really want to, so if you want to start a team, HIT ME UP! LOL
Good food, good beer, good drinks, not too hectic, nice staff, no tourists, mellow and fun. Thumbs up! 
Oh also, if you want to sit outside and drink you have to order dinner.Lovely spot! My experience was for sure memorable. Went in there looking for a sidecar and the bartender hooked it up. Fig and prosciutto flatbread was such a delicious, unique flavor combo. Sweet potato fries were crispy, yet moist -dope. We asked the kitchen for some horseradish cream sauce and it paired very well staff were very friendly, personable, and attentive. Will be back.This is a solid neighborhood bar. Me and my husband and friends frequent here on a regular basis. The food and service is good, the atmosphere it busy and social on the weekends. The decor inside is cool and they have a pool table as well. They serve brunch through late night food. Prices are also good and less then many of the surrounding neighborhood bars. Some of my favorite foods are the spicy shrimp tempura app, their wings, and the warm goat cheese salad. Definitely a good pick for anyone in Queen Village or beyond.New Wave Cafe is a great neighborhood bar. We stopped in a couple of weeks ago for a quick bite and a beer, and really enjoyed it. 
The beer list is great. They have a nice selection of drafts written up on the chalkboard--you know a place has good beer when they use a chalkboard for the beer list, since it changes so much. I was able to get one of my fav pumpkin beers, which is the Elysian Dark Side of the Moon. Extra points for that. They also had a nice bottle selection. 
For food we split an order of the brussels sprouts and the chicken fingers. Both were tasty, and I would totally come back for a more substantial meal. 
Service was quick and efficient.I first started going to New Wave about 2 years ago, which at that time I would've given a 5 star experience.  However, they have since changed their menu (and not for the better) and their service is no longer anything to brag about.  
Unfortunately, I will not be rushing back to New Wave for lunch or dinner anytime soon.  I will admit that they have a great selection of beers, which will be the only thing I end up going back for.Excellent food, okay drinks, average service.
Delicious food at a great price point! Everything I've had - the arugula/pear/mushroom salad, goat cheese salad, seared scallops, brussel sprouts - have all been very good. I think part of why I'm such a fan is because the quality of the food is a total surprise judging by the average bar ambience; don't be fooled - this is gastropub quality food! 
Drinks are okay (have tried a few of their cocktails and just thought "meh"). Service has been really attentive sometimes and super slow at others.An uptown bar with a downtown vibe! This place is ALWAYS a sure fire bet for good food and a friendly staff. These folks have been in business for 30 plus years, and once you experience the atmosphere, you will see why!This place used to be a lot of fun, but the service is so cold. The bartenders act like they are high and mighty. There are so many better places to go in the neighborhood.Horrible food I've been here a bunch of times. One time we came for a company party and almost everything on the menu was ordered and shared. Almost all 8 of us agreed the food was bad. I heard it was better a while back. 
Anyways besides that it's a cool place to get a drink and shoot a game of pool.I went to the New Wave Cafe for the first time last night to meet some friends for dinner. I had pretty high expectations of it considering that I had heard rave reviews of this joint from a few friends. I wound up being greatly disappointed. The only good thing that I can say about the New Wave is that the service is friendly and fast, and I always had a new beer coming my way after I emptied the glass of the brewski I was working on. I ordered the turkey burrito, which looked scrumptious when it was placed in front of me. One bite into it, though, and I realized that it was the blandest thing that I may have ever eaten. Sure, it was packed with fresh turkey, black beans, corn, tomato, and cheese --- but it severely lacked in the seasonings department. I have two words for the New Wave Cafe:
Cayenne pepper
or maybe just...
Hot sauce.
Either one of those would have done the trick.Situated on a corner in a nice neighborhood, New Wave has a friendly staff, chill atmosphere, a good selection of local Philly beers, and the kitchen is open late.From what I can tell, New Wave has some hardcore fans. My first visit was the night of their birthday party, which advertised a random hour of open bar. Unfortunately it wasn't during the hour I was there.
The service was good- great South Philly vibes from the staff. Good beers, decent prices. What really draws the crowd is the outdoor seating, for sure.Went there with a few buddies after an all-day mummers experience. 
First time there and we're thinking we've found a new go-to option along with some of our other south Philly favorites. The owner talked to us for an hour or so as we were hanging, then bought us a few rounds. He is a really cool guy with a good knowledge of his customer base, both young and older. Place is a bit roomier than it appears. I haven't tried the food yet - will do soon.