Authentic Vietnamese and Cambodian.
Hole in the wall but comfortable.
Owner speaks four languages (Vietnamese, Cambodian, Mandarin, and English) at MINIMUM.There's nothing like home cooked Cambodian food. Unfortunately, I can't cook it myself and home is thousands of miles away, so this is the next best thing. 
I wish they were in a better location and took the risk to have a more diverse Cambodian menu. I mean our food is banging and much of our Southeast Asian counterparts pretty much shaped their dishes from their Angkor origins. 
The place is literally a hole in the wall with the cheapest tables/seats you can find from the corner Chinese shop. Very clean surprisingly. The plants growing along the walls reminds me of the jungles my parents grew up in. I've never been in a jungle, I've only seen pictures. I hate insects anyway so this was good. 
I'm not a soup guy but I'll vouch for the Phnom Penh noodles and soup. The soup and it's fresh additives are lively. The style of cooking can never be taught, but inherited through generations of Cambodian tradition. If you like most Pho, you will love the Phnom Penh noodles. 
The rice and meats plates are always my first choice. I love that the flavor range is so vast in a simple dish; sweetness, lime sours, and spice. Good amount of filler veggies (fresh tomatoes, sweet onions, lettuce) which is nice, they don't skimp on the goods like in most Pho places I've been to. 
I had a friend who thought BBQ sauce was spicy, I don't recommend you eat any Cambodian food. 
I brought a Paki and Rican friend for lunch today. I think my Rican friend orgasmed a little. Food for thought.Ordered takeout a couple of times. Food is really good but there was a live adult roach  in my rice and pork dish. I don't do roaches...Totally gross!  I never ordered from them again.My friend Dave H introduced me to the world of Cambodian style food.  Thanks Dave.  Nam Vang noodle soup is sooo tasty, I would never have ventured far away from pho.  
Anyways, small divey place so remember u r there for the yummy food.  I have only tried the Nam Vang noodles and I think I figured out their secret ingredient :)  No other place has the soup base that taste as good! ...  You will just have to try it.  
4 stars because my last bowl was missing that special flavor so I hope they are not cost-cutting their recipe (afterall, I am a food scientist ^_^).My 2nd visit here was an absolute worst.. (first time I order out) In term of the service... it is one of the worst. 
We waited about 7 mins to get the menu... all the while the owner (the lady) who obviously noticed us didn't bother to do anything and instead kept on talking to her friend at another table.... We decided we are not going to be treated like this.. its not like we are begging her for food and not paying. 
So we decided to get up and just leave and then all of the sudden the lady and the girl noticed us. SORRY its too late.. we decided to go to HENG SENG.. where the service was much attentive.. we knew they were busy at HENG SENG but still they treated us with RESPECT~~They have the best Phnom Penh noodle soup (aka Ka Tieu Phnom Penh). Very flavorful. A good amount of meat. Great staff. Fast service. Good food. Street parking.How long has this place been around?! And now did I not know about it until now?!
Ka Tieu Phnom Penh - omg so good and cheap.Pretty good hu tieu. I'm not sure what the difference between items 1 and 2 is, but 2 was $0.50 more so I figured it comes with a little more stuff. The small is a good size but I kinda wish I'd gotten the large.
The cha gio rolls were a little overdone and had kinda exploded at the ends which Is not something I've seen before.Hidden gem in south philly. Food is delicious. May be hard to find parking on weekends.Good Cambodian food and good Phnom Phenh noodle soup.  It small place but good for quick meal. My family like it. Please keep it clean the owner.I don't know why it's listed as Vietnamese. It's Cambodian, hence the name.  Reminds me of friends' mom's cooking growing up. That real good, real Cambodian. 
Even if my husband and I don't make our monthly visit, we still can't get the food off our minds. Get the rice and thinly sliced, marinated beef w/ salad - sorry, I forget the name. 
Don't go in expecting a Le Bec Fin experience. But ambience will never taste this good.The food is pretty different to the other asian restaurant around. It is tasty but i thought ill take pho over it anyday.  Service was pretty busy and slow.  The place itself is not clean. I was kinda afriad i might have a bug climb outta my soup.a decent asian restaurant in South Philly, food is good and I must say, the service is great for one lady who takes all the orders & bring them out. If your'e looking for a quick grub that's not expensive, this is the spot!I usually opt for a pork vermicelli bowl, but their pho tastes like a hug from mom when you aren't feeling well. Their spring rolls are greasy, but they really hit the spot. I love this place.It was a little slow for service but I like the food. You can try Pnhom Penh noodle soup.I thought I was tasting authentic cambodian food. Maybe or not. Service, just like every other Asian restaurant, was terrible. Food...mmm. I didn't hate it, but I didn't love it either.This place is a whole in the wall place. 9 tables. Reminds you of those home restaurants with alittle bit of everything inside.
It is literally filled with local patrons from young to old. The food is cooked with lots of love. Something your mom would make for you when you come home.
I ordered the Asian fried dough, pork congee, wonton soup, seafood stir fried flat noodles, jackfruit shake and a coke. The dough is made fresh. Airy and light. The pork congee is delicious! The wonton soup was ok. The ground pork tasted as it was ready to go bad. So that was not the best. The seafood stir fried noodles were ok. The jack fruit smoothie was also ok.
Overall, the staff is multi-lingual (heard her speaking Cambodian, Vietnamese and English). Very pleasant staff. When I say it is filled with locals, it is literally filled with neighborhood people. Also a few kids about 11 though 13 years old patronize this place. They brought their bikes inside the restaurant. It was a first for me to see. Lol.
The food is good. Authentic and home style cooking. Street parking is available through the different entry blocks.Bf and I go to this family owned restaurant at least once a week. 
Restaurant is located in the heart of Cambodian area which has a few competitors around them. However their  Phnom Penh Noodles is beyond phenomenal. The soup is outstanding, the flavor notes comes at you one right after the other. When your getting soup, you must pair it with their Chinese bread called cha Kwai so you can dip it in your soup. 
The owners are usually the ones serving you. They are both very nice and they have a warm and inviting personality. The lady knows our regular order so she doesn't even have to ask us what we want. 
This place is a must. Go on and try it for yourself.Gotta try the Cambodian pho! Quaint little corner spot.Hole in the wall snuggled in the heart of Cambodia Town of South Philly that serves traditional Khmer comfort food. Most popular item on the menu is the Hu Tieu Nam Vang or also known as Phnom Penh Noodles. Resembles like Pho (Vietnamese), but just a Cambodian version using pork broth and meats. Optional, you can also order fried dough sticks that you would use to dip into the soup. Servings are a bit small since I finish a bowl every single time and still not full from it. The lady that runs this place is nice as well. Downside would be Cash Only, but meals are cheap. Less than 10 bucks.food was good, service was nice, the mouse running across the floor was amusing and everyone went back to their noodle like nothing happened. 
both the satay beef and chicken noodle soup were very good. nice strong fried garlic flavor. only complaint I have was my chicken was all white meat but still very tasty.Best in the city. My favorite is their loc lac. Great owners and great customer satisfaction.Sweet, sweet mouth victory.  I want to eat this food every day for the rest of my life.  Curry Chicken and Chargrilled Pork Noodles make my heart sing.Trust me, they have one of the best hu tieu (noodles) in town. The broth is flavorful with various of toppings: pork, seafood, pig's liver, fish ball, etc. Do not forget to order their spring rolls too. They use regular rice paper sheets (the ones we use to make summer rolls) instead of the popular egg sheets. The rice paper sheets, when deep fried in an appropriately hot and boiling pan, make the rolls wayyy crispier. The skin might look rough, but the rougher, the tastier ;)If you like pho, you should definitely come here for the Cambodian version of pho. The main difference is that it comes with fried breadsticks (you tiao in Chinese) for dunking - pretty delicious. We haven't tried too much else on the menu yet (we did have some sort of pan-fried wide noodle dish that was okay), but as another reviewer pointed out, the rest of the menu is mostly Chinese/Vietnamese food. Must return to try more of this inexpensive food, but for now I'm not quite a fan just yet.I wasn't sure which menu item corresponded to the soup getting rave reviews, since I didn't see Phnom Penh noodles or Cambodian noodles listed, but it seems like the "combination" soup was the one so that's what I got. And it seems that's what the majority of the customers had.
This was a large and impressive soup. The juicy pork was a nice surprise. It wasn't as spicy as I expected but the hot peppers on the table worked very well. The fresh coconut drink with a few pieces of actual coconut is strongly recommended too, even in era when canned coconut beverages are at 7-11 and CVS.
I inquired about another customer's order and it was one of the fried noodles items, which looked more compelling than the brief menu description.The place to go for the best Cambodian noodle soup!
Only other thing I had was the spring rolls, which were mediocre.There were three live flies in my food. I thought after the first one I'd just shrug it off, but.. they just kept coming out of my food...
I grew up eating here as a kid and went back again. I know the lady that works there and she always never really seems to care about service. I was the only one there and I asked her for a check and a box to go. After she said ok, she talked with this other guy for about 10 minutes and said sorry after.
However disgusted I may have been by the flies, I will say that their Ka Tieu Phnom Penh is pretty awesome. The meats, broth, and overall flavor is something that I can't find in many other places. I'm at a loss for what to do b/c there are so few cambodian restaurants. Maybe I'll give it another shot and just let them know about the flies. I'll probably just stick with their Ka Tieu since it's a clear broth that'll probably be devoid of flies, but after this experience I'm not sure if I can go back without wanting to gag.Not my favorite Cambodian in Philly.The menu has sections for soup, noodles, rice, and house special dishes. There were not as many Cambodian specialties as I would have liked. Especially not compared to a place like Angkor.
Crispy, deep fried spring rolls filled with pork and mushroom were excellent, though $4.50 for 3 small tubes is a little high.
Beef stew with noodles was a mixed bag, in the sense that I had no idea what kind of meat we were getting. There was some floaty tripe and other hunks of meat that looked like all tendon. The noodles and aromatic broth were more pleasing.
Special fried frogs in ginger sauce had potential. The delicate pieces of frog were covered up by a corn starchy batter and a corn starchy sauce.
I wanted to love it here, but it didn't happen.Disclaimer: this review is solely based on their Phnom Penh Noodles (Cambodian Noodles, Nam Vang, etc. -- call it what you want), but it's certainly the best I've had in Philly. Honorable mention would go to Nam Vang Restaurant in NE (with a name like that you should live up to that reputation!)
It's a tiny place in South Philly.. Probably holds about 30 people at once.. I don't recommend groups larger than 6 people as it can get pretty crowded. It won't be the cleanest place you've been, but that's where the tastiest foods come from! There's a full menu with lots of other stuff, but I haven't tried a lot to give a fair review. The beef sate noodles is pretty much broth, noodles, beef, and a heaping spoonful of the sate BBQ sauce. Don't forget the fried dough when you get the Ka Thieu noodles. 
They're very friendly and family run business. Try the Cambodian noodles and you won't be disappointed! I like to add a couple of the picked peppers in mine.I love going here with family and friends. I can honestly go here every week and eat their combination noodle soup with the fried dough. They also have Vietnamese coffee. The soup broth not only tastes like home, it is also very flavorful and delicious. The price is definitely affordable too. During the summer, after eating here, you can buy chicken wings on the street as a nice follow up to eat later. Owners are super nice.Super tiny, but that's okay... divey old-school, but that's okay... Random location south of Snyder, but that's okay. Dirty questionable environment bacteria breeding chopstick caddies, not okay. Personally I'm a stickler for thorough food area sanitation. Great Phnom Penh Noodles though - truly complex.  Shame about the setting, I wouldn't go back.Can't compare this to Nam Vang restaurant but in South Philly, this place would be my favorite pick for Hu tieu nam Vang. The food started off good. TBH in the end, the soups did taste a little salty. But I always try the soup first before putting any sauce in and the soup was A1 when it came. Maybe it was the Dau chao quay idk. but I would definitely come back.After holiday in Cambodia (for real) I've been obsessed with the food.  Unfortunately there's not too much going on in the food mecca that is Philadelphia as far as this particular cuisine is concerned.  New Phnom Penh was a great surprise.  I'm bummed that it closes so early- locked tight by 7 PM.  
Regardless, my husband and I walked down 7th (not something I'd recommend for everyone, it can get a little sketchy) and found the place- pretty unassuming, but CLEAN- which makes all the difference.  The woman that waited on us was unbelievably charming- but almost steered us in the wrong direction.  There's a TON of Chinese food on the menu, and I guess maybe the "round eyes" are more inclined to go in that direction- but we were there for a taste of Cambodia.  My husband got the beef soup- it was extraordinary.  Hands down the best beef broth I've ever had.  I honestly forgot we were eating ramen.  I had chargrilled pork with rice noodles and cucumber salad, definitely on the Viet side of the food spectrum, but they are neighbors, so it's understandable.  I must say- at first glance, I really thought we were in for a disappointment, but don't let the menu fool you- this place is a diamond in the rough.  One thing I feel inclined to remind people is that this is basically everyday peasant food from a poor country- so you get oxtail instead of filet.  There aren't a lot of frills, but to be honest, they aren't necessary.  One thing that did bum me out was the lack of Amok (the "national" dish of Cambodia) on the menu- but I'm willing to overlook that if my next visit is as good as my first.If you go for the food and not for the ambiance, come here.  Excellent renditions of bo luc lac, pho and bun cha gio thit nuong.  Not 100% Vietnamese, but the Cambodian influence on the dishes was very successful!  Prices on par with others in the city - sadly she took away the menus before I could take a pic.  Will go again.7th street the place to be, love the service and the food. Close to my moms cooking this is the next best thing :DCheap and delicious Cambodian noodle soup!  We use to go to nam vang in northeast but this place hands down is so much more fresh and delicious.  
Perfect after a night of drinking.  Hits the spot.What do you get when you mix a Vietnamese wife and chef, who spend many years in Cambodia, with a Chinese husband and entrepreneur? 
Neon Phnom Penh Restaurant on 7th and Wolf in deep South Philly, and some very good unintentional fusion dishes from that golden triangle of spicy cuisine. This small corner house with eight tables and booths has a cozy feel, from the wall art and houseplants, down to the Buddha shrine sitting on the floor with oranges in supplication. 
We ordered their spring rolls (3 for $5), beef with fat noodles, and beef lo mein. They were all good to very good, but the star of the show were the deep fried spring rolls that had a great rough texture and were filled with ground pork, veggies, sprouts and homemade sweet dipping sauce with peanuts chunks. They were nearly a meal by themselves. 
The fat noodles were also quite delicious with plenty of tender sliced beef, Chinese broccoli, string beans, onions, peppers, scallions and a tasty brown sauce that melded everything together.  Liked this a lot. The lo mein was also good, but not at the level of the former dishes. It had an interesting, indefinable almost smoky flavor, with plenty of meat and greens, but not as scrumptious as everything else. 
We ended up taking half of each of the mains home with us, and one of the rolls, for subsequent consumption by our son.  He devoured all this the same night, and claimed to like it all, while also questioning the ingredients of the lo mein and that somewhat odd taste. 
Still, a worthy stop in the heart of Cambodiatown. Plenty of atmosphere, and a friendly family team that spent more time that normal chatting with us about their lives in Asia and Philly. Good people with an interesting story to tell. 
Made for an entertaining and satisfying dining experience.A laid back and homely cafe. I had the pho and my friend had the stir-fry version, pad thai and they were both really delicious. The banh bao seems to be a hit too with many people coming in and out to get them. I'd definitely come back again whenever I feel like having something Asian.What an amazing place on the whim of a small vacation travel. I've come here and literally tasted the best Cambodian noodles ever - delicious, heart warming, stomach filling - all bringing me back home to my teo chew roots of comfort food. I usually don't give rave reviews for a "pho" place, but honestly, I drank my noodles dry and asked for more tea - flavorful and full of zest, it had the aroma of jasmine that I liked, paired with the delicious noodles that had authentic slices of meat in there for me to feel like home. I would come back again and again.For a little hole in a wall restaurant . The food is very good . Everything I've ordered from here from kathiew Phnom Penh , pork rice soup , loc lac , fried rice , and fried bread sticks,  it has never been a failed . I've never had the kathiew Phnom Penh before until I moved here and a friend of mine introduced me to this place and the noodle soup . I wouldn't go elsewhere particularly for this type of noodle soup . Every once in awhile I have the urged craving for it so I just come here . It's a family own/run type of business .I watched too many food shows. I was inspired by Anthony Bourdain's trip to Cambodia to try Cambodian food. After reading everyone's review, I had to try this place. It was SUPER SUPER cheap and SUPER DUPER DELICIOUS. We ordered 5 main entrees and 2 appetizers. Of course we have leftovers and we can't wait to return again. I am still craving for the combination fried noodles that my friend ordered. She is craving the wonton soup that my husband ordered.I agree with the previous reviewers that the soups at New Phnom Penh are delicious and great to eat.  This is true for the signature Ka Tieu, with its delicate pork broth, filled with various ingredients, from fish cake to pork liver (the shrimp are excellent), and even more so for the sour fish soup, a treasure trove of sweet fish, greens, and intense fish broth with a puckish sourness.  A good version of the Chinese Youtiao "oil strip" (reminiscent of fry bread) makes for a good (dunking) accompaniment.
Unfortunately, much of the menu is really unexciting - a long list of ubiquitous (and tired) Chinese and Vietnamese dishes that are undistiguished at best.  These offerings include fried noodles with seafood in a non-descript brown sauce, the middling marinated beef salad, and the (over)grilled pork with rice noodles - a uninspiring version of Bun Thit Nuong.
I tried hard to convince the server - an efficient and very nice woman - to recommend some more unusual Cambodian dishes (the restaurant was out of all frog dishes) but aside from the soups, there was nothing she could think of.  That is too bad.  I think that based on the quality of the soups, this restaurant could really serve some excellent Cambodian cuisine.The crispiest pork spring rolls! And the seafood and pork noodle soup is top notch.
If you can't take the dirtiness of the neighbourhood then feel free to stay away and leave this authentic spot for me.
Order the fried dough with your noodle soup.One of the best restaurants I've ever been to, period. I make it a point to eat here whenever I'm in Philly and tell everyone about it, super affordable Cambodian with authentic flavors, not watered down for a general audience if you know what I mean.New Phnom Penh is in the heart of South Philly, tucked away in "Cambodia Town." This little store front is home to a family-owned business that has been around for years. The food is reminiscent of true homecooking that warms the stomach and soul. 
The store owner is a wonderful woman that impressively speaks, at minimum, four languages. She is always willing to answer any questions you may have. 
I love the dry noodles with soup on the side. It isn't listed anywhere on the menu, but the lady will know exactly what you mean. Honestly, I have never ordered something that I didn't like off the menu. 
Make sure you bring your cash and order the "yàuhjagwái" (fried Chinese dough) with your soup/noodles to soak up the amazingness!Found this place through Yelp reviews. I was starving and couldn't wait to eat! First I was alittle sketched out by the area. Really is a hole in the wall place but when I walked in it was filled with people eating away. I knew I found the place to go ! 
I sat down and order the fried spring rolls. Amazing ! Crispy and super flavorful. My mouth is watering just thinking about them. I got the seafood egg noodles soup as my entree. It was pretty good! Broth was flavorful. There was a lot of seafood in it. Yum. It is cash only. Good meal for a good price! I def. Want to come back one day and try other items :)This is another hole in the wall kind of place in Philadelphia. The place is small and very simple looking. The food here however, is out of this world crazy good. If you had been to Vietnam you would see that that their Nam Vang noodle is the same as Vietnam. The broth is so full of flavor and is cooked with a lot of pork bones. Dep pork Pork-chop grilled is also very flavorful, the Porkchop is very tender in the marinade  penetrate all the way through. 
      The service is rather terrific. The owner speaks Vietnamese, English, Chinese and Cambodian. The place only take cash. One time I did not bring enough cash and I wanted to buy two bowls of noodles for my parents to take home. The owner was very friendly she offered to let me put it on the tab and I could pay  any time I come back. This was very surprising and pleasant.It's a cute little spot on the corner that has been open forever.. pho a  little bit different  From the regular Vietnamese style. I highly recommend the yellow noodle with liver soup my gosh that was delicious. They have a bunch of other menu that comes with the rice you can't go wrong with that if you're new to Asian foodTook me that long to visit Philly, 6 years later I am back to the brotherly love city. This time I came with the family. The weather was cold 37 degree and snow. We went to eat at phom Peng for breakfast. A bowl of dry noodle with a soup on the side make my belly happy. Best teo chew noodle in Philly.Good and affordable lunch. Went here every time when i am in PhillyGet the Phnom Penh-style noodles. Pure deliciousness in a bowl.
New Phnom Penh is a small South Philadelphia eatery (about eight tables) that serves Cambodian, Vietnamese, and Chinese cuisine. They're famous for their ka tieu Phnom Penh - which literally translates to "Phnom Penh noodles".
Those who know pho will find ka tieu Phnom Penh quite familiar at first sip, yet different. (Their wallets won't be wiser; noodle soup is cheap!) A homey pork broth gives off a signature aroma unlike pho. It's so flavorful that you don't need to add much beyond a spritz of lime and a handful of bean sprouts - perhaps green peppers, if you like spice. A serving comes with a good amount of noodles plus tender meat, garlic, lettuce, and shrimp. Rice vermicelli does much of the heavy lifting for the dish, carrying flavor and ensuring all leave fed and happy. (Optionally, you can get the broth on the side.)
Hot tea, Cambodian music, and fried bread sticks (ja gwai) were all a perfect accompaniment for our lunch. Break off a piece of ja gwai - if they're not already cut - and dip in the ka tieu. Enjoy.Serve the best rice noodles ever. Small but the atmosphere is nice the owner and servers are family oriented. Been going here for years.This is my go to local spot for Cambodian & Vietnamese dishes. Love it here, what a gem!New Phnom Penh serves one of my new favorite soups. Came in for lunch on a weekday with a craving for some noodle soup. Looked over the menu and ordered the pork spring rolls and the braised beef soup (bo kho). These sounded relatively ordinary and I was not ready for how awesome they were going to be.
The pork spring rolls were probably the crispiest ones I have ever eaten and really delicious. Great flavor. But I cannot stress how great the crispiness is. Crunchy crispy, super crispy, amazingly crispy! Who doesn't love a good crunch? I know I do and these were awesome. Then came the soup. Tons of rich hearty flavor with a hint of sweetness that really just made me want to keep eating until the bowl was empty. There were chunks of beef but the best part were the pieces of gelatinous tendon throughout the soup. Each bite of tendon was so tasty with the most amazing texture. This is one of those dishes that will cause me to keep coming back and ordering the same thing over and over. Actually the spring rolls are the same. I may never eat anything else but these two things here. Just thinking about them makes me want to go back right now.
I will be back. I will eat more crispy pork spring rolls. And I will definitely eat more bo kho.I've been going here since I was a kid and I *almost* refuse to eat pho anywhere else except my grandma's! Amazing staff/owner & the best pho.I'm sure this place is great in the minds of those that know Cambodian food. Service was friendly and you know they normally deal with locals because nobody asked for a menu except us. 
I'll just make it easier. We got the #2 XLarge and #4 Large, spring roll and the fried dough. Now I'm sure to some people it's "the way" to eat the fried dough by soaking it in the soup.  However, we don't like our fried dough soggy. You fried it, so let's eat it, crunchy? The noodle soup definitely has a distinctive taste.. A few hours later, I still tasted it in my mouth. The skin of the spring roll was rather thick. I would skip this.
I know hole in the wall places has it's pros and cons.. But, how about making sure the cups or any utensils provided are clean? I picked up a tea cup and something was sticking to my fingers which totally grossed me out.Small place, large variety of items on the menu. We ordered whatever looked good to us. Food came quickly, freshly prepared, soup was piping hot! Everything was deliciously made, we felt comforted Chu familiar foods and surprised by new flavors and textures! Will come back next time we are back in Philly!Phnom Penh noodle soup is one of the must try's when you get to this place. It comes with a side of Chinese donut stick. We also got Cambodian spring rolls. I forgot the exact name of it, but the skin is nice and crisp and the filling is very flavorful. It comes with fish dipping sauce and some fresh herbs to pair with the spring rolls. Which adds another level of flavor to the dish. One of my favorites. 
They have a variety of different sauce and spice to add to your noodle dish and the workers are very welcoming and friendly. This place definitely needs more attention. The dishes are reasonably priced and it warms the soul. A must try. 
Parking here is a pain and they only accept cash so keep that in mind before you go.Like eating in your old Cambodian grandmother's living room, if you had an old Cambodian grandmother, and if my imagination serves me right. 
I don't have a Cambodian grandmother, however, so new Phnom Penh will do! 
Had their namesake noodle soup with some fried youtiaw (Chinese cruller) and the spring rolls. 
Quite good. Quite homey. Not watered down for American taste at all. And that is appreciated. 
Clean broth with good flavor to start. Meats in the soup are as traditional as they come. Heart, liver, Cambodian pork roll/sausage, maybe kidney, and such...a little ground pork...rice noodles, scallions and a bit of pickled greens. A side of sprouts and lime, and yummy chili vinegar, chili paste, and sambal and it hit the spot. 
Spring rolls rolled with rice paper and fried. Crunchy , and a hint of funk in a good way. Nice fishy dipping sauce accompanied. 
One tip, as i observed everyone else eating there doing so, order the noodle soup "dry" with the broth on the side. Looked good that way. 
Definitely need to try the bo kho next time too.
Will certainly be back.