"It came with super tender, amazingly grilled chicken and falafel that is crispy on the outside and utterly delicious all over."My fav lunch spot!  Great service, great food, and a satisfied tummy for $5 bucks. I've been to their other locations and for some reason this one tastes the best and has better portions.  My only drawback is they aren't open late night.Soooooo good! In my honest opinion I've been to halal bros (the original New York location) and this flavor is 100% better! The chicken is flavored perfectly and you can't beat the deal with a drink! Also a tip - ask for the chickpeas. You won't be disappointed!I love this cart. They falafel sandwich is divine. I love the chickpeas (when they have them- today they were out and told me that their delivery guy didn't come.) The guys who work in this cart are very nice, and never stingy with the portion sizes. Almost always a line 6-7 deep at lunch time but it moves quickly, I love that they fry the falafel when you order, so it's fresh and never dry. I love both the hot sauce and the white sauce. Can't beat this $4 lunch.I can eat the chicken and rice every day for every meal and not get sick of it.
And thats what I tried to do but coudln't get past week 1.  But still, pretty impressive.
But seriously, this place is really good.  It's a random cart on 11th and Walnut, and if you live around Jeff, it's perfect for lunch!!
A word of caution: Around 11:30 is when Jefferson students and employees get out for lunch break, so try to avoid that time and go a little earlier or later when it's over.  You won't have to wait in that ridiculous line to get your chicken platter.
This place is so good.  I don't know what they put in that white sauce. Maybe yogurt? mayo? some addictive drug not legal in the united states?
But I always ask for lots of white sauce and no hot sauce.  My sister religiously asks for extra hot sauce, but to me, it's just too sour for my taste.
Try it! I haven't tried any dish other than the chicken and rice... Mostly because that was the first dish I ever tried and got hooked on.  But I bet if I tried the lamb or falafel as my first dish, I could've easily been hooked on that.
These guys always remember me and know what I want on my plate.  Very friendly and they sweat hard for their money.  So be pleasant to them!I went for the first time about two weeks ago. I have been three times since. The combo lamb/chicken rice served with lettuce and tomato is addictive, especially with plenty of the red (hot) and white (yogurt) sauces. There is grilled onions, green peppers to add to the party which is an unbelievable value for $5 with a can of soda. I need to try their gyros and falafel sandwiches but each time I can't pass up the ultimate combo.
The main guy there knows me now and has progressively been adding more meat. It is pretty dangerous working less than a block away. I might go back on Monday and just give him $25 as a pre payment for the week.Been eating from here since over 6 years and swear by it! Combo rice with chick peas is my all time favorite.Delicious food for a decent price. Similar to the chicken on rice you find in NYC. I didn't feel quite as full, which makes me feel like the portions are smaller than the NY counterparts. But in NY $5 only gets you the food. In Philly it'll get you a drink as well.
With a very limited selection of food trucks/carts in center city, whereas university city is pretty saturated, this should be the go to place. Service is very fast, so don't pay too much attention to a line.
I don't think it's 5-stars because for a lower cost, trucks in university city give you more food.I've been here 20+ times in the past couple of months and my feelings have not changed for how amazing this place is for lunch. 
Quick, cheap, & delicious.
Best $4 dollars I've ever spent (Except really I give them $5 :) )Quantity and Quality beat the price. Only 5$ for falafal with rice and you can add chickpeas for free.Now on my go to place for lunch.Solid eats at a solid price!  The falafel is 8/10, but the chicken gyro is nutsamazing!Hmmm...I've searched on Yelp for the New York Gyro Halal's food cart on 20th and Market (right by the Starbucks), but can't seem to find it.  From talking to the super friendly guys in the cart (and according to their posted sign), it's the same folks with maybe three or four locations set up around the city, so could this review count as one for the business as a whole?  
We've stopped at the 20th and Market location twice in as many days, and they make-to-order a supremely delicious gyro for $3.  According to them, their lamb is usually sold out by mid afternoon, so we had chicken the first go and made sure to come earlier the next day so we could get the lamb.  Both times, the meat was hot and tender, the pita was soft and chewy, and the sauces finger-licking good.  Cheap, fast, and YUM!Ok, so I tried the lamb over rice and the fish over rice. Both are killer! I was never a fan of lamb, but this place has converted me :-)I'm really happy to have this place right by my work. I ordered the combo with rice, which had chicken, lamb, some lettuce, tomatoes, sauce. Combo included a can of soda for $5 total. This was a filling portion, great value for the price. The chicken was good but the standout was the lamb, soft and nicely spiced.  I went around noon on a weekday and caught a break when there was no one in line. Food was fast and the guys working were friendly. I'm sure I'll be back here at least once a week!The lamb gyro was really good! The chicken kebab on the other hand was not so hot by itself but when eaten with a hot dog bun is a whole lot better!One of the best food carts in center city! The lamb + rice combo is so incredibly flavorful and filling. To this day it is still the best lamb I've ever tasted. I can stretch the quantity of food over 1 meal and a snack, which makes it SUCH an incredible deal. $5 for the combo + a drink. Very fast service. Great sauces, however you can ask for chickpeas instead of sauce which packs in another source of protein.Lots of food for 5 bucks and that includes a drink. They will add  falafel and chickpeas for free if you ask. Unlike the one on the other side of the block who charges 75 cents for falafelNom nom nom! 
If only they would give us a separate container for the white sauce, so it doesn't dry out, get warm, etc.
Otherwise, no complaints! :DThis place is great.  It's not the same as halal guys in NYC.  It has it's own flavor and cooking style.  White sauce is pretty good, hot sauce could be hotter.  For 5 bucks you get a decent portion meal, drink included.  I ordered extra meat when I went but it wasn't necessary.   I was full before I finished it.  
My personal opinion is that the chicken is better than the lamb, but the lamb isnt bad either.  i will try the falafal and channa (chick pea) option next time.I have been here uncountable times.  $5 and it comes with soda.  Best deal in the city!!!  They are very nice and friendly. Lamb and rice is my favorite.   The line can get really long during lunch time.Open when it's dark which is clutch! Came here from Yelp reviews and it was really good. Had lamb for the first time and I liked it (they were out of chicken) made sense since I came right before he closed but good overallLa cuisine et les vendeurs sont bons food s great u gotta try lamb beef falafel or chicken above all price very economic & the staff very humbleWow, was so impressed with the one on 12th and Chestnut, had to try this one for comparison.  Also, amazing taste, white sauce, and good sized chunks of chicken and lamb.  I thought the chicken was a bit more dry, and the lamb was a bit more tasty than the one just a few blocks away from it.  However, although they are the same size, this one's portion size is a bit smaller and although it's still a great value, didn't blow me away like the other place.This honestly has to be the best lunch deal in the city---ample portions of quality tender meat, moist rice and vegetables and delicious sauce plus a drink for only $5, and perhaps most importantly, there's little to no wait!  The guys who run the cart are always cheerful, engaging and very generous, and they work at an impressively quick pace.I got half lamb and half falafel platter. The rice was cooked well and had good flavor. The lamb was soft and flavorful as well. The falafel was lacking in the flavor department. Without the white sauce I couldn't eat it. For a food cart this place smacksGiven my recent obsession with falafel and the great reviews on Yelp and word-of-mouth from my Jefferson classmates, I knew I had to try this place and I was not disappointed. I've had falafel from the famous halal carts in New York so I consider myself to be decently picky. This cart is so worth it! Extremely generous portions of falafel, rice, and a nice tomato-y mix of veggies for only $5. Plus a free drink (not just soda - I grabbed a water bottle). Will definitely come back and try everything on the menu - not just falafel! Gryos, salds, and rice platters all for $3-5 each, sold by a vendor with a caring and pleasant demeanor? I wouldn't be surprised if I came here once or twice a week, like many of my classmates do. Very highly recommend.In my opinion, this is one of the best food carts in this part of center city.  I usually go to the one on 8th and Market, in front of the Ross store and across the street from the Patco entrance.  It's the exact same as the one on 11th and Walnut and I believe owned by the same guys.  
Positives -  I have to agree with the majority of the other reviews.  You get a LOT of food and a drink for $5.00.  I usually go for the Lamb or Lamb/Chicken combo platter with rice, lettuce, tomato, little hot sauce and Tzatziki  sauce.  The lamb is really flavorful and well cooked and really satisfying.  The gyros are also pretty tasty.   
Negatives - Honestly, none.  This place rules.Yes! A new food cart to grace the streets around Jefferson! Better yet, a cart that offers delicious falafel and halal meat with white sauce (still can't figure out what this yogurty sauce) and red sauce (hot sauce). And by testimonial today, the cart was there on a Saturday!!! The two guys that work the cart are very nice and get your order right :)
I have yet to try the amazing falafel that is available at 20th and Market, but until then, I am more that satisfied with my regular order of falafel salad. With some falafel, brown rice, some chickpeas and some salad, this is a great value for just $5! It can easily feed two, stuff one person, and/or be one of the best things to eat for a hangover (please note: all scenarios have been tried and true).
If you want to be a meat-eater, the gyro was pretty damn good and filling with soft pieces of lamb. I have yet to try the combo platter as my mouth waters for it while I type it out. Mmmmm.The first time I have been at this place my friend had to assure me that it was a "great place to get food" and heck it sure was. Sure enough, 6 months later, I am still at it and still loving it. I always get the combo platter which consists of some crazy good rice, a side salad, and alot of tender lamb and meat. Extremely delicious and a steal at $5 plus a soda/water. On a day I am really hungry, ill also get a gyro, mmm so tender and the bread is so warm and chewy...getting hungry just thinking about it. Will have to satisfy the craving when I start up classes again post spring break.We visited Philly from Chicago. We were surprised and delighted by the number of food trucks in Philly! We ordered the New York Gyros with white sauce, rice and extra pita. Oh my goodness was it delicious! Here I am, back in Chicago, where food trucks are not plenty, and I am craving food from this truck...yum!This was my second experience with street food in Philadelphia. Recommended by fiancée, (self proclaimed Philly native). Ordered half chicken and lamb over rice , and it came with a small salad, as well as a drink. Very cheap for the amount of food supplied. I would definitely go back here again and again. Food did not lack flavor.
Tip:
If he suggests sauce or anything don't hesitate to say yes 
Signed 
-new life time customer$5 for all that food?? Yes please. So glad my friend lives nearby and I got a chance to get the chicken/lamb combo on rice with a drink. White sauce is crack. Go get it now.Out of all the Halal Food Truck I've tried. This is the best tastiest one. I eat from here all the time. The rest of the trucks just taste all the same, I always have rice left over. But not with New York Gyro Halal Food Cart I finish everything. It deserves its 5star.Super good. I was in the mood for a kebab (or shawarma, gyro, whatever you prefer to call it), and I passed like two other carts before choosing this place. I'm so glad I found and chose this one. I got a chicken gyro for $4 and it was outstanding. The chicken (I actually think it was chicken tikka) was so well seasoned and the sauces were great. The salad was okay enough; typical lettuce-tomato-onion mix. 
Cheap, fast, and delish. I really recommend this place! I'll be sure to come back.Guilty pleasure street meat. Huge portions. Salty. Meat that makes you sweat. Worth a try at least once. Yeah.Not only is this the best halal truck in Philly, but the young man who works here everyday is hardworking, polite, and incredibly generous. Each meal is consistently delicious. 
Highly recommended to anyone craving a hearty, quick, and inexpensive lunch!Just discovered this place today!  $5.00 for Gyro style lamb over rice with salad on the side.  When the guy asked if I wanted hot sauce, of course I said YES!  He kept smiling... I think he may have been hitting on me... if he cooks this good at home, I may be OK with that ,)  
Came with a soda, which I don't drink... had my own water, gave the soda to a homeless guy.  Everyone came out a winner!!I have had their chicken and rice and falafel and rice... Both are good! It is a great deal as you get the meal and water for five dollars! I've never had to wait for more than five minutes. A definite good place for a quick bite to eat!It's almost impossible to have a good lunch for less than $10 these days. This is one place where you can! I go to the cart on the corner of 8th and market and never wait longer than five minutes for my food. 
I usually order the falafel platter with everything and some pita on the side. For a full meal, some pita, and a drink it costs a total of $6! Everything is flavorful and fresh and the service is kind and efficient.One of the best food carts in the area. Are these the best halal platters Philly has to offer? Not a chance (that distinction goes to Spice End on 20th and Chestnut). This place does, however, provide moderately decent, utility chicken/lamb and rice that will cheaply fill you up with a relatively tasty lunch.
For $5 you get your choice of meat (or falafel if you're an herbivore) served atop a generous helping of seasoned rice, smothered in the ubiquitous, creamy white sauce and fiery red sauce. Its served alongside the similarly prevalent apathetic yet totally necessary salad of iceberg lettuce and tomato. No pita pieces here, unfortunately.
This cart's meat tastes fairly good on its own. The spicing of the chicken is superior to, dare I say, the more popular NYC carts. Ditto for the lamb, though its spongy texture deters me from ordering it as regularly. The rice's texture bores the palette (neither toothsome like in NYC nor fluffy as at Spice End), and the white sauce skews mayo-heavy, which I'm not too fond of.
Still, it's hard to complain too much at $5 (including a can of soda/bottle of water). A worthy addition to any lunch lineup in the area.These guys are awesome....love everything from this truck. Try some falafel and chicken combo, it's not listed but they'll make it and hook it up.If you want to eat at this place during lunch rush.. Go ahead! The line is long but it goes fast! Great service and great portions! Not really NY halal like taste but it's up there.. Cheap price too!Hits the spot! And for $5 bucks, you can't beat it.
I didn't see it pictured as an option so I asked for both lamb and chicken. I wanted to give both a try. The guy went ahead first filling the to go container with rice and a side salad of lettuce and tomato. He then plopped a generous portion of lamb and then chicken on top. He then asked if I'd like sauce. They have two options, white and red. I got both.
I had my first halal food cart experience in New York City. My friend lived in East Harlem at the time and raved about the cheap stuff-your-face-with-delicousness halal food cart near his place. Boy was he right! I'm glad I found in Philly. I know there are a few throughout Center City that I'll have to give a try too.I finally trekked up to this cart last Wednesday. I ordered the chicken over rice with a salad and drink. I expected to pay at least $8 - nope, just $5. For enough food to last me two lunches and dayyyyum was it ever good! The chicken is so tender it just falls apart and that white sauce. I betcha he sprinkles crack in it because I keep coming back for more. I haven't tried the falafel yet, but if's it's half as good as the chicken over rice, then I'm sold!
...Ok, I tried the falafel. Oh it is so good! If he asks if you want chickpeas over top - SAY YES! Oh my God, I could just eat chickpeas and rice and a tub of white sauce.  Go here and give this man your $5 right the hell now. 
Also - Important to note, he is on 8th and Market, right in front of that crappy Ross.Compared to Penn and Drexel, Jefferson has a very sad selection of food trucks available to us. Sure, they're ok, offering the usual burgers, cheesesteaks, sausage, etc., but they're nothing special to go out of your way for.
But then comes the New York Gyro cart, saving the area from dull food truckery. The lines at this truck at lunchtime speak for themselves. The food here is AMAZING, I have gotten the gyro and the lamb rice platter. I don't know what they put in that rice, but whatever it is, it's addictive. I always ask for both the white and hot sauce for my dish. 
I have yet to try the falafel or chicken, though I'm sure I will eventually. The guys working here are also extremely friendly and helpful, even when there's a line growing down the street. 
On a slight side note, I think the lamb rice would be great the morning after a hangover. ;)$4 gets you a lamb gyro and a beverage! They're actually some of the best gyros I've ever had and their tzatziki sauce (white sauce) is also amazing. I haven't tried any of their other food but I'm sure it's just as good. 
They also have many other carts around the city, making them fairly easy to find. The people cooking always quick to fill your order, as well. I always want to stop by them when I'm downtown.YES, YES, YES! I could kiss the truck owners for how happy I am about this place. 
$4 dollars for a gyro & a soda. Like...are these guys for real!? I can't believe how cheap it is!
Absolute must! I go here once a week and they have the best COMBO gyro I've ever had. A little disappointed that they don't serve them with cucumbers...but not a big deal. Make sure to get everything on it (as they call it white & red sauce which is really tzatziki and hot sauces).Ever since I moved from NYC I've missed the Halal carts so much! I needed my fix! 
The biggest perk of working in Center City is the food and I love this cart! The gentlemen working are always so polite and friendly and you can't beat the price. I get the combo chicken and lamb over rice with a soda for only $5. Definitely get the white and hot sauce over top, unless you don't like spicy. I will be stopping by today after work to get some more!Random location, and if you don't know its there you may miss it. The Lamb and Rice is so good! Just the right spices, just the right temp, just the right juiciness, plus throw in a can of soda for $5. You can't beat it. The Chicken and rice is like crack. Addicting. Get it with hot and white sauce and you can't go wrong. There is a similar one near PENN on Spruce, which is also good, but probably not as authentic as these guys. I usually get 2 of whatever, so I can eat one later. I'm telling you: Its. Like. Crack.A pretty good meal.  The white sauce was the best I've found so far in Philadelphia.  The red sauce was rather uninspiring though and had very little kick.One only has so much to choose from regarding the food carts surrounding this area.  A boiled hot dog?  Noooo thanks.  A day old, dry hamburger with partially melted cheese? Uh uh.  Where I'm from 'hot sauce' from a street meat card doesn't equate to Sriracha.  I've basically had it.
Helllllllllllllllllllooo NY Gyro Halal Food Cart.  I ordered the combo with salad, complete with a soda-$5!  I waited in line about three minutes, got my order in two, and was eating in ten.  
The combo with salad was pretty good.  I also got the white sauce and hot sauce along with it. The meat was a little greasy for my taste, and I'd rather the sauces on the side, but all in all-this was a pretty good meal for a work lunch.
Tasty!  I'll definitely stop back for lunch sometime.This food cart is really close to Jefferson campus and the hospital so I find myself coming here often whenever I'm craving and want a quick bite to eat! 
The food first off is delicious. I usually get a rice dish because I'm not a huge fan of gyros in general so I go for their combo rice (chicken and lamb). The rice is just the way I like it, salad has crispy lettuce with tomatoes cucumbers and onions which are all fresh, and the chicken and lamb are flavored well and tender. You can choose to add chick peas and white and red sauce. I get both sauces, red is pretty spicy to some people but I love my spicy food. I tried their fish and rice for the first time today and it's pretty good! Fish is fried and has good texture. It takes longer than other dishes (~2 min) because it's seafood so you decide if it's worth it. I don't typically get falafel but my friends have said they enjoy their falafel as well. Each combination comes with a drink of your choice, they serve bottled water and a variety of soft drinks. Very worth it for the price! 
The service is also excellent. They are always smiling and greet you politely, very conscious to your requests, and very speedy. The line is usually not long before 11:30 or so but towards noon it can get quite hefty. But their preparation is really quick so I hardly ever find myself waiting very long. Overall a convenient place for a quick bite and I recommend a visit.There is also one at the corner of 16th and Walnut (walking toward Samson street). These guys are so awesome! They stack it up and you'll be too full to eat another one! No words can describe my love for these two trucks!!!!
Warning!!!!!! Stay away from the Halal truck on Temple Main campus because the guy is so cheap with the meat, rice and sauce!Good gyro but don't bother tipping the guy--he'll still sneer at you.These people are some of the kindest street food vendors I've ever encountered, AND they are fast, AND their food is delicious, AND it's cheap as hell. 
I don't know what else there is to say. Come here during lunch time, and leave happy (and full).I am a foodie at heart, so I want to try this famous food truck that everyone is raving about. That means walking 21 minutes in high heels to get my darn food and walking 21 minutes back. I have to admit, I'm not at all mad about that.
I arrived there at 11:21pm on a Friday and was very happy to see no lines. I walked up to the young, charming guy behind the truck and said, "Can I have chicken and rice please?" He smiled and started cooking up delicious magic. When he asked if I'd like chick peas, hot sauce and white sauce, I said yes to everything. In less than 1 minute and minus $5, this magic box and a soda is in my hands.
I waddle back to my office and open up the box to what would be my most memorable meal of the day. The chicken mixed with hot sauce was marinated in savory spices and chopped sweet tomatoes, the sauce was tangy, sweet, and marvelously spiced. The chickpeas add a nice smoky and creamy texture to the marinated chicken. The saffron rice was seasoned wonderfully. The white sauce mixed with lettuce cools down the hot sauce heat wonderfully. Each bite of chicken and rice was like an 18+ party in my mouth. Wow!
Overall, I highly recommend stopping here for a cheapy little delicious meal. It's really good!So tasty, very affordable, crisp fresh lettuce, moist chicken and lamb (not dried out), perfectly cooked rice not soggy & not dry. 
The combo with lamb, chicken, chickpeas, lettuce, tomato, onion, and rice + soda was $6. It's cash only!
A lunch must-have!!!!I got the chicken on rice and with a soda, for $5. This place is cash only.
I was really pleased and impressed with the quality of the food. I will definitely be backDecided to try this truck since it has so many rave reviews, but was underwhelmed. Pretty typical halal truck. I've gotten more meat and salad at the truck on 13th and chestnut. Totally over-sauced (and i like the red and white sauce combo).
$5 meal, can't complain much, but this is just a standard halal truck.Truck food kinda day and I'm craving for lamb over rice. I saw many good reviews from Yelp about this Halal food truck by 11th & Walnut, so gotta taste it myself. I got a combination platter with chicken & lamb. I asked to add falafel and chickpeas, and also just 1 scoop of rice, and more salad with just a bit of white sauce.  The salad seem fresh, chickpeas go well with this dish, lamb is tender, and chicken is full of spice flavor, the falafel is crispy, full of flavor, but I find it a bit too spicy. Overall, the food is very good and only cost $6 with a bottle of water. It's probably one of the best halal truck around center city Philly that I came across.So glad I looked on Yelp and found this little cart! I was craving a good Halal lunch and this totally hit the spot. I ordered a combo salad with white sauce only and it took less than 30 seconds. Only $5, plus a drink! I will definitely be coming back!I haven't written a review in quite some time but this place is amazing! I'm a student at Jefferson and this place is literally across the street from my classes. I wanted to wait until I tried everything, gyro, felafel, chicken and rice and OMG everything is amazing. I've also tried the other food trucks in the area that claim to sell the same Halal food but nothing compares to this place. The food is full of flavor and they really give you the best bang for your buck. I will even come here on days I bring my own lunch and just say to hell with what I brought as soon as I walk pass. I love their food and the vendors are so nice! Today the guy in front of me didn't want a drink so he said I could have two! That's good service. These guys are super sweet and if they had a tip jar I'm sure they would make twice as much money. Currently eating their chicken and rice (and two sodas) and loving it!Legit best food cart I've ever had. Far superior to NYC famous carts which have long since lost their luster. The chicken is marinated in a smoky cumin/coriander based masala which never fails to satisfy. I usually get chicken or chicken + lamb over rice. Both the white and red sauces are an excellent accompaniment. Bonus, ask for chickpeas if they have them!4 bucks for chicken over rice, lamb over rice, lamb gryo, chicken gyro, or other halal items the cart has to offer. Decent amount of food- super full!!! For a dollar more you can get a drink too - soda, iced tea. 
I feel like for philly, it is comparable to the chicken over rice in nyc. Not bad philly...not bad.
Recommend this for a quick bite to eat but you won't feel so good after. I don't think this kind of food settles well in general.