This is a neighborhood restaurant where you get your meals expert my prepared.....You never have to worry about leaving still being hungry...If  you like it I am sure you will go back again and again.....It is a place where eventually everyone knows your name...even other patrons.....Five Stars, Try it, you'll Love It !!!!!Mikey in Philly™I came here for the first time with a friend and we were catching up on life. She suggested we come here to eat and I'm glad we did. The waitress let us pick where we want to sit so we chose the very very back to have some privacy for conversations with some personal girl talk here and there. 
I ordered the spring garden chicken with spinach pasta and roasted potatoes as the side and I really enjoyed it. I was hesitate with the spinach pasta but the waitress suggested it and said a lot of the customers really likes it and I can see why. The dish was pretttttyy big and it wasn't that  expensive so I was happy. I could only eat the sides and a third of the chicken because I got full pretty fast. It made great leftovers too when i reheated it later on in the day.Another stop for dinner last night and once again I was amazed by the courtesy staff. Everyone and I mean everyone was so nice. Food was great and always prepared and ready quickly. Again, I will be coming back. Just a nice place to relax and enjoy good food.Food is good but they stopped delivering breakfast! They need to fix that! Sometimes people wanna stay home...A neighborhood staple with excellent food, large portions, great prices and a friendly, personable staff.  Breakfast and brunch are exceptional, and the hashbrowns (with or without onions) are some of the best you will find anywhere in Philadelphia.  Other standouts include the homemade soups, club sandwiches and pasta dishes. Highly recommend a visit if you are in the area.Revisited there recently. Use to be a favorite lunch/dinner spot when I lived in the Castor Garden area many moons ago when it was actually still a desirable area to live, but enuff said there! I appreciate that they are one of the few left hold outs from the gold ole days on Castor Ave! I believe they are still owned by the same family! (which is a good thing food quality wise) the only change I noticed is that they service alcohol there now!   Anyway back to the food, still good ! The snapper soup is still the best around and the platters are decent size, no thrills but priced below average diner fare. Solid friendly waitresses nice service all around. Parking can be hit or miss in that area depends when you go. All in all, a good solid choice!It's a quick convenient neighborhood spot to grab breakfast or lunch at a very reasonable price. The staff is friendly & accommodating. My favorite is their patty melt.I've ordered from this place a few times but recently the customer service has been leaving me wanting to order less and less! 
Even just to call an order in is an inconvenience for whoever picks up the phone. My brother was mid order when the employee taking our order hung up! When he called back she had the nerve to give a huge attitude! 
Whenever we pick up our order, we always end up finding something wrong/missing. 
I used to love this place and the food here but I can get better breakfast and service at the Four Seasons on Cottman Ave!The goods almost always great mom had snapper soup witch was salty but they did Chainge it I don't no if we were charged but almost all there soups are good yesterday Sat March 18th2017 the only thing was the waitress with glasses kind of thick didn't gve me or ask did u want desert ...and my favorite older lady cashier isn't there Saturdays also I been applying for work here before his son took over and never get a call don't no why ..I even speak y his son the new owner and nothing but good just needs more choices in dinner specials once m chicken was dry my Cornish hen but by the time and had soup and salad for had no room for dinner witch is great and reasonable priced...the older lady cashier makes the best long and islands...just something's mes the waitresses are in a bad mood...and he needs a bigger and updated food specials listFood was good. Service was not the greatest. Our server was not friendly and never checked on us or asked us for refill or anything. The sever gave us the check at the same time she gave us the food. And the place was dirty, well at least our table. Our table was against the wall full of dry sticky dust. Sucks that the service was bad and the food is good.Big portions food better than average. LOUSY service big turn off!As for the person saying that it is a racist diner, maybe you should look in the mirror. I have had great service every time I've gone. Maybe it was your attitude that you gave that caused the treatment you received.I have been to this place a few times and I dislike it each time more and more 
I only come back because for some strange reason my 8 yr old likes it,
But this last time I left very upset and I will never return.
From the moment I sat down I could tell my waitress was not pleased that I was her next table.
She took my order, that was slightly wrong btw and never came back..
Although her other tables - all older women, she was very attentive too.
every extra item or more coffee I needed came from a different waitress that I had to call out for 
And I hate doing that.
Finally as I waited and waited for my check I got up and waited at the place for payment uh  to get her attention I guess.
Now I'm a hairstylist whom also relies on tips and this is the first time and I hope the last that I didn't leave one.
I don't know if it was because I am heavily tattooed or as one waitress said to me there before "your to young to be a mom"
Ha 
But I was completely blown off so 
Never again.Great restaurant! We go here every Sunday for breakfast! Family owned and they know all their regulars! Great food!Delicious delicious delicious!!! A cozy place that satisfies your hunger and taste buds. The people are always friendly and service is great! Love their breakfasts and their hearty dinner portions. Always leave there satisfied.So, I decided to go back with a friend but it wasn't the service I remember having.
I ordered the leg of lamb and my friend ordered broiled tilapia (which is her favorite type of fish). 
I expected something totally different because the leg of lamb just looks like lunch meat. The stuffing they put under I wasn't the best either because it was soggy from the gravy they put on the meat.
The fish was tasteless. It maintained the fishy taste and cook very nicely but it was tasteless like there wasn't any seasoning on it. 
It was her first time there and this place was raved about by  an old friend. She was left very disappointed and doesn't want to go back anymore. This left me feeling embarrassed because I decided to bring her here to try out.they have the best breakfast ever and the prices are right.The waitresses are friendly and very helpful with items on the menu.You have to try this place you wont be disappointed.This place is the worst unless your tastebuds are messed up because your 65+ 
How can a restaurant not cook bacon... how do you always always burn bacon?
This place is amazing , in a I'm always surprised by the lack of passion put into food considering it's your livelihood 
Mind you my very old tasteless uncle eats here every other month so ive eaten here quite a few times over the years, not a complimentMy boyfriend and I wanted some breakfast food and I've been pestering him about coming to this place for a while. It was very much worth the trip!
Our waitress, Doreen, was so kind and helpful and so, the service was superb.
We got the hungry man with homefries, 2 overeasy eggs, 2 pancakes and 4 sausages and 1 waffle with homefries and 4 turkey bacon strips. The food tasted pretty much amazing and way cheaper than IHOP and Denny's.
You have to go pay at the counter when you receive your check! My boyfriend and I waited about 10 minutes before we asked when we could pay and they told us we had to pay at the counter. Will come back here again!This place is superb the cook has to be a god in the kitchen the owner was a great man now his son took over and he is OK but neither a ll ever hire me but have a sign in the window for ever some waitresses are weard one really old lady waitress is rude as heck but the food so good and dinner is the best u get a three course meal for a super price now I don't no why they don't let u take the desert home if it comes with the meal u also get soup salad and by the time yr done those yr full pretty much I love the older red haired cashier she makes the best long island all soups are great I cannot say to much because this is my spot I don't want a crowd messing it up but it's great the small spanish buss boy is cute as piglet took mom here today food was not so good the broiled chopt steak OS actually ground beef my chicken was dry as heck ribs were OK snapper soup saltyI walk by here all the time and decided to stop in and try it. Very clean. Good diner food. Great staff...friendly and attentive. I will be back again!Olympia House, at least on the times I've visited it, is pretty much a diner. There seems to be a more upscale dinner menu, but I've never been there to experience it. In the morning and lunchtime, there are the typical diner items. It's very small, and in hot weather, there doesn't seem to be air conditioning. That would be okay, as the food is good, but the service leaves much to be desired. We had a crabby-seeming waitress. I asked for my food with no onions. When I received it, it was chock-full of onions. I kindly asked her if I could get another one, without onions, and she didn't say a word. She made a face and yanked my plate off the table, then went to the kitchen. I got the distinct impression she was annoyed with me because the KITCHEN messed up my food. I wanted to leave right then, I was embarrassed. What did I do wrong? They effed up my order and I was made to feel like I was being a pain in her ass. Um, in my world, the servers are there to make the customer feel comfortable and taken care of. I am a server myself and I would be falling all over myself to apologise and remedy the situation. However this woman did not so much as utter a single "I'm sorry" or even "Ugh, that stupid cook". She grabbed my plate in a surly way. When she returned she still didn't say anything to imply any regret for my having to sit there foodless while my dining partner was halfway finished. 
Food gets a B+, service a D-.They decided to up their priced and redo their entire menu. I think they're trying to look more like a chain restaurant would. They don't have lunch specials. None of their sandwiches also come with fries except the "deluxe" burgers. Won't come again.Good food! Cozy place to eat and reasonable prices. I love their steak and egg dinner and the portions are largeBest breakfast in the area. Everytime I go their Lambro the owner is always great and friendly. Not only is the owner their to greet you, he is accompanied by a great staff and great food. Try their traditional American breakfasts!!!Sadly we were very disappointed here. Heard the cream of chicken rice soup was great. It was bland. My husband ordered broiler flounder with lemon butter sauce. It came on the side and the flounder was dried out. He sent it back but was charged for the salad and soup andcoffee I had crab cakes. Very little crab in them. Dessert was to come with my meal. Never did  He was overcharged for the salad and soup and coffee that was a part of the meal he sent back. At the register he was given a very hard time. We won't be backLove this little spot that offers up looks of options for breakfast, cant go wrong with any of them especially at the great price. I like it because it's quaint, quiet, and clean. Wait staff is excellent and so friendly; tip them well, they've earned it. It's a spot on the corner and the place isn't gorgeous. But don't let the understated looks fool you, great food and people.tried something new with this restaurant, The hubby picked this place , The food was pretty good not bad.Just got back to Philadelphia after 11 years and the food is still great. The turtle soup is fantastic and the we vice friendly. Definitely have their breakfast and don't overlook the specials!Cute little corner diner. Inside is small, clean and cozy. This is the best diner I have been too. Very delicious food, no other diner can compare. The menu is different from any other diner menu. The waitress was so friendly. I had the crab imperial Benedict and it was so good. My date had stuffed salmon and it came with a soup, salad and 2 veggie sides. So much for a very fair price! The crab were official! I loved it! Cant wait to come back and try other items on the menu!Came across this place here on Yelp typed in Fish and grits near by this spot came up,, never even knew this place was here, I drive pass all the time.. but yea the food was actually good will return, fast service also a plusHere once again! Just a wonderful place that feels like home. 
It's always clean and a very relaxing place. The staff is always so helpful and nice.Great place to eat! The staff is very friendly, and the food is good. 10/10 recommend. The best neighborhood diner!I'm not giving it 5 stars because it does not have a salad bar. The food is good and generous. It is still affordable. The staff is typical of a working-class neighborhood/diner but they are very pleasant and accommodating. I will definitely go back.Definitely delicious! If you are looking for a Diner style meal this is the place. I've been there 2 times so far and they don't disappoint, seems like they have a bunch of regulars so that's always a good thing.I went there for breakfast the other day.
Ordered the Creamed Chipped Beef over toast with 2 eggs over easy.
The eggs were perfect, everything else was great.
Fast friendly service.
Will go back again.I haven't been here in years. We decided to try it for breakfast this morning. Very busy, but we were seated within 10 minutes.  Two breakfasts with coffee for two for $12.89.  Where can you eat so cheap?
I had the over easy eggs with sausage and potatoes and rye toast.  Everything was good, with the exception of the potatoes. They were ok, just not browned enough. My boyfriend has a basic cheese omelet, and he said it was good.
Quick and friendly service, rock bottom prices. The same breakfast at the Country Club Diner would have been over $20.00+ tip.
We will be back.Good food! Cozy place to eat and reasonable prices. Every dish I've had so far is tasty and a nice portion size. Everyone working there is also very polite and professionalAmazing ! Best diner early bird special in  north east philly ! Went back for breakfast on a Saturday and it was just as good great service from attentive friendly staff place is just an all around neighborhood diner where you can get nice portions for a great price definitely worth a visit if you are shopping in have North East.Both times we came here the service was great as all the staff seem to genuinely care how your experience is. 
The food here is a great price, large portions considering that price and also very tasty. The buffalo strips were made with a lighter breading and the hot sauce was also great. I love these as opposed to wings because they don't have the same fatty pieces like wings tend to do. The waffle fries were also very good here. 
On another occasion I had the fruit and French toast. Another winner here. 
You really can't beat the price and quality.I have eaten there many times in the last few months
Never disappointed
Great food 
Great service
Great prices
Just ordered dinner for my wife and myself take out
I had Mama's spaghetti-the best I ever had
Wife had ChickenParmigiana
Said the best she ever had
Snapper and cream of potato were home made-Delicious
We could not finish our dinners
We have dinner tomorrow
We will continue to go thereI've been coming here with my family since I was about 6 so 21 years.....we've gotten to know the owners and their children over the years and they are so kind and they work so hard. The food is typical diner fair but somehow it manages to go beyond that. Maybe it's because they have had the same cook for two decades, I don't know. I will always love this place and I highly recommend it to you.Came in yesterday for the Mother's Day menu they were offering.  Everything was so tempting.  You can see a corner of it in the picture with the HOME-MADE potato chips!  Always cripsy and delicious and low on sodium.  I had the apple/bacon glazed pork chops.  I felt like I was eating a dish prepared from late 1700s colonial America.  Everything beautifully presented and the taste even better.  My hat goes off to one of the chefs, Carl, who puts his heart into his cooking.My lady and I enjoying a cup of one of the finest coffee and breakfast in town.  They are well priced with a delicious menu.  Make sure to stop in. You'll be treated better than family!Had a bbq bacon cheeseburger on a toasted roll with lettuce, tomatoes and onions, fries on the side.
It was very delicious.Amazing ! Best diner early bird special in  north east philly ! Went back for breakfast on a Saturday and it was just as good great service from attentive friendly staff place is just an all around neighborhood diner where you can get nice portions for a great price definitely worth a visit if you are shopping in have North East.Nicest people ever, oh gosh I love coming here for breakfast or dinner. Service is amazing!
They have different soups and veggies for the day so always ask!!
I usually get the Early Bird Special which ends at 4, I think and you get a soup, dinner roll, salad and your entree then dessert. All for about $9-12. Depending on what you get. Very generous with food portions and will always leave you will leftovers for tomorrow. 
I forgot what the name of the chicken dish I got but, the chicken was sooooo dry. Bleh, didn't like it at all but the gravy they had on it made it taste like it was no problem. I also had gotten mac and cheese and woooh boy, that was bland. If anything, the breakfast items you will never have a problem with.Have been going here for years now, because it was just one of those hidden gems. While ma and pa had the reins it was completely perfect. Within 4 months went 3 times and it was disastrous. The girls are awesome and run thier tails off. It's just a shame when the person who is running it now( son) has absolutely no clue what's going on !! People getting served before you when they were seated way after you. Brought it to the attention of him ONLY to be met with excuse after excuse . Real management would not do this ! If you know what's broken , fix it , don't make excuses . Management and kitchen staff are the down falls here. It's a shame because it was ma and pa that has held the roof down on the place , unfortunately some people just don't have that in them. Sad sad because the only thing that is top notch is the food at this point.One of my absolute favorite places to eat near home. As  an early bird by nature, I love coming here around 7 am. It's not too full and has such a calming vibe. A great start to anyone's day. I highly recommend their cheese omelette with american cheese. It'll always be my favorite. My husband always gets the "I want it all" off the menu, which is also very good. Love it there.Pancakes although look good, were very bland. Something about the butter did not taste right and I buttered the entire pancake thinking that it would help. I also poured all the syrup it came with on the pancakes, and the pancakes honestly could not be saved. The hash browns had more portions but taste was also very lackluster. Bacon was decent, but hard. Sausages tasted weird as well. Overall, I would not order from here again.These guys Never disappoint me ! Even during a pandemic they manage to pump out signature recipes of the classics with bold flavors! My absolute go to dish ~ chicken Franchaise ! They knocked it out the ball pack last night !!!!!!!! It was so good! Tender pieces of chicken dredged in some flour with hints of pepper, salt, paprika, and some fresh parsley. The chicken was plentiful, close to three pieces. The sweet mashed potatoes were equally as good. I had so much sauce that I was dipping my fresh broccoli and the sesame bread into the sauce. Nothing was left to chance. They packed everything i needed to make this take out dinner a success. Right down to the hot pepper flakes and Parmesan Cheese, utensils  napkins and croutons for my split pea soup. I don't even like split pea soup , but this is something different compared to the old tired recipes from before. Every part of the meal was perfect. I can't even think of anything that was left out. I should have got a piece of the cake , but they were out of the Chocolate. In any case you need to head over there for some take ouy. You will not regret it. I certainly hope to patron this business. It's a locals haven for fresh food and classic recipes done right.Come here pretty often with my wife, the food is better than most diner food as is the coffee. You usually don't have to wait for a seat and the waitresses are quick and always in good spirits. The newly revised breakfast menu adds some pretty cool combos. My favorite ? Scrapple & cheese omelet ... Ahhhhh (homer Simpson voice) I mean it was like the greatest breakfast food I've ever seen on a plate. Not to mention it weighed about 2lbs... 
To the person throwing the race card... I find that amusing. Oh my god it's been 5 minutes and they didn't kiss my ass and serve me yet !?!  They must be racist !! 
Give me a break.We came here on a Sunday for Brunch. It was packed but we were seated within a few minutes for a party of 3. The waitress was nice and attentive but as many businesses, they seemed to be short handed. As soon as we sat down, we ordered the waffles for the little one as he was hungry and wanted to make sure that the order came out first. I got a chicken caesar wrap and we also got an omelette which came with home fries. The food still took at least 30 minutes to come out but we were happy that the waffle came out first. Overall, the food was good. We definitely enjoyed the waffle the most as it was filled with fruits. The other dishes were okay. Keep in mind that it's street parking which was easy to find in the two blocks.The food taste great I gave it 100%
I will order again great ppl and service 
I will my ppl to order from there"You can take the boy out of the city, but you can't take the city out of the boy " 
Very true. Perhaps this is why I always look forward to exploring Philly neighborhoods for cool places to eat. Today it was The New Olympia House on Castor Avenue that had my time and attention. A corner luncheonette that has been slinging hash for more than half a century, this little piece of Athens is well preserved, with long counter with about 10 spinners, booths behind that, and a large dining room behind the kitchen in this double wide row house neighborhood. The charm and cultural history were all in place, much as it has operated since 1960. I was very happy to have found the joint as I straddled the stool and was approached by the attractive server in black spandex pants.
The question at hand was - would the kitchen support the excited first impression, or no? 
The answer was discovered soon enough. For this breakfast at least, the rude awakening was in the negative - my anticipation was better than the reality this day. 
My french toast looked golden brown, and the old style syrup dispenser with slip down spring metal opening was way cool. However, the underside chassis had too much char, resulting in a burnt taste that required extra syrup to offset. That taste led me to think that the grill was not cleaned between orders, leaving burnt butter or other lubricant around to stick to the next food sizzling there. It also meant a lack of attention by the short order cook (not chef), and an attempt to hide the dark side from view. The three slices were ample, and had the decision been made to start afresh rather than hope I didn't notice, would have made me a true fan.
First impression dashed. 
The Cecilware drip coffee was fine. I love those old contraptions. Yet, despite all the help behind the counter, no one saw that my small cup was bereft of coffee and needed refilling, until I asked. Hard to understand such inattentiveness when I was the only customer sitting there. Chalk it up to my invisibility, sometimes not the best superpower to practice while dining. 
Still, I liked New Olympia House enough to regret this happenstance, and wish for a better experience. This could have been one of those true Philadelphia moments that only the city's profound indifference to perfection in the face of amazing potential, created the opportunity to transcend low expectations and truly hit the mark in miraculous laudation. 
That moment must await a more hopeful day.Not only did they get my order wrong but the food wasn't appealing visually or physically. Asked for cheese on my grits and eggs and it looks as if they just slapped some slices on and kept it pushing. Nothing aesthetic about the presentation at all zero effort. Granted, I ordered through door dash and I understand things happen but when I called about the missing items they showed zero interest, deferred responsibility, and never tried to offer any solution. There you have it, the trifecta; nasty food, wrong order, terrible customer service. Just save your money folks eat elsewhereThere are many great things to say about this restaurant. yes I was impressed, especially for a little corner restaurant on castor ave across from Sunoco Gas Station and the Walgreens. 
First  before I get any further. don't park on castor and pay the meter, Park on side of the restaurant you get a two hour parking each vehicle. from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. Monday through Friday, if you get there early enough there is plenty of parking. 
When I entered I was told to sit anywhere I like. so I wound up sitting at the little table in the middle of the restaurant that sits two. nice comfortable seats.  Many other tables to choose. With 2 nice size tvs on the wall. Was served by a polite waitress. asked what I would like to drink. told them coffee. two minutes later. I was served nice cup of hot coffee that looks to be some new mugs. And given a menu of breakfast on front and back. Alot to choose from. 
I went with my favorite. the French toast supreme, topped with bananas, strawberries, blueberries, whipped cream, chocolate syrup etc. And it was worth every dollar and penny. Good Breakfast for under $10 just can't go wrong with. The plate was completely filled no room for anything else, but after I was done there's nothing left on the plate, that's just how good it was!! 
I look forward to coming back here in the near future, for another bite to eat. I recommend this place to anyone that is looking to have a good breakfast in the morning....I found this place on Doordash & ordered for the first time today. The food was absolutely delicious, our delivery was a hour early, they give good portions & the order was 100% accurate. This is our new go to spot for breakfast & I highly recommend ppl give them a tryOrdered eggs benedict and it's was disgusting, the sauce on top looked like cheese and was inedible should have been light and creamy, the eggs should be runny and were over cooked also the english muffin was burnt, I can't believe this was allowed out of the kitchen?? I scrapped the topping off but still couldn't eat any of it.My family has been coming here for close to THIRTY years.  First, the parents opened the business and now the son is running the show.  It's like eating in someone's dining room.  Linen table cloths, very friendly service.  Excellent variety.  It's gourmet eating at neighborhood diner prices.  Forget Center City!  You can go there after eating.  This is the place to get a phenomenal meal!  (Tonight I had the salmon stuffed with real crabmeat.)  PS:  Yes, it doesn't look like much on the outside being right across from a Wallgreen's and Sunoco but inside, the food is made with love.Had the Irish menu for St. Patrick's Day.
My mother had the Corned Beef Special and I had the Whiskey/Pepper New York Strip Steak.  So flavorful!I was in for breakfast today and I love the food and service but this time I was very disturbed by one of the waitresses. I witness her screaming n cursing at another waitress for no reason. This isn't the 1st time I have witness this by this waitress (Sarah) I pretty sure her name is. I hate to say I will not be returning cause of this. Hope things change.Known of this little corner diner not too far and it's been there for as long as I can remember. For some reason never decided to eat here till last night. Seen pictures of their chicken parm and their burgers and they look pretty decent. Guess what I got.That's right I got both. I only eat once a day so I make it count.
Chicken parm came with a salad, soup and I got two vegetables instead of the pasta. It even comes with dessert so I got a scoop of ice cream. All for 13 bucks. Pretty solid value. It all tasted good. I prefer my chicken cutlets pounded thin, but this was thick. No big deal just my preference. 
The patty melt's bread was griddled perfectly and the burger was good and juicy. Patty itself was regular size, hoping it would have been a tad larger but it was good tasting. 
My wife got the salad and she thoroughly enjoyed it. 
I will have to compliment the staff, everybody was super friendly and on the ball. 
No complaints whatsoever, great little corner diner for sure.Riquísimo ! Buen servicio, buena higiene , súper rápido , un lugar tranquilo para compartir en familia . La comida súper rica y buenos precios . Adore !!!!Amazing ! Best diner early bird special in  north east philly ! Went back for breakfast on a Saturday and it was just as good great service from attentive friendly staff place is just an all around neighborhood diner where you can get nice portions for a great price definitely worth a visit if you are shopping in have North East.They have decent diner food. I never have my hopes too high for a diner, but this place is alright. Has options for many different diets.I usually have an amazing experience here, I come in all the time alone, with a friend and even with a party of almost ten at times.  I came in today to dine alone at around 11:30am and was told there are no available tables, but I could see one being cleaned and another guy came up to pay while I was standing there, which I pointed out to the young girl at the front.  She said they are busy and I can only have a one person table.  At this point there are no other diners waiting to be seated.  I say ok I'll wait, then after a few seconds she comes back and says she can take my number and she'll call me in 10 minutes when I can come back, clearly indicating that I have to leave, even though there are delivery people standing at the front waiting for orders and not being asked to leave.  I ask for the manager and she says he can't speak to me because he's busy in the kitchen, so I just leave because I'm shocked and disgusted at this point.  I walk to my car and call and ask for her name so that I can make a complaint and she refused to give it to me.  She then says I can come in now they have a table, I said there were tables when I was in there a minute ago, she says they are social distancing so those tables weren't open, I pointed out that I am well aware that every other table is left open and there were other free tables with no customers waiting that she said I couldn't be seated at.  She then says there is now a one person table free, so I asked what changed in the last two minutes and why was I asked to leave and wait for a call instead of waiting inside?  She says because it takes time to clean and prepare a table...at this point I'm over it.  I have come in to dine alone many times and was given whatever table was open, even during busy breakfast hours.  It's sad that the ignorance and incompetence of one person can completely ruin the image of an establishment that you love.One of my favorite breakfast places near home. The staff is always friendly and the food is also good.The fact that this place has gone under my radar befuddles me, to look at it, Olympia House looks like a hole in the wall dive, but inside you will find a tiny corner eatery hosting two rooms of seating with attentive/friendly wait staff, decent prices and portions to satisfy.  A solid four stars for this gem on the corner of Edgewood/Castor Aves in NE Philly. A mere stone's throw from the Roosevelt Mall New Olympia House is 
Nothing special on the menu here, all the regular suspects, but all served hot with a smile.  Teamwork is evident here, everyone helps one another, and no table goes without a refill or anything else they may need.   We have had various breakfast items and each one is tasty and filling. Despite passing it up for years, I am so glad we decided to give it a shot.  We have been back 3 times since then and now New Olympia House is on the rotation for our breakfast escapades.