Okay, so just an update.  I have been to Indian Restaurants in Little India in Singapore, Bali, Indonesia, Rome, Paris, and Munich, London, and Dublin, and of course many in the states....  This is still my favorite! Glad it's local for me when I am 'home' in the states! :)Plenty of food - fresh naan, rice, chicken/ lamb/ vegetarian curries, salads, etc. Not all of it is amazing in flavor (it's a buffet after all!) -- but you'll be sure to find something that you like. Desserts are great and a cup of tea or coffee is included with the dinner buffet (maybe the lunch one too). What's nice is that the place is generally full, even on weekdays. The restaurant is deocrated nicely but still has a bit of a cafeteria feel because of the buffet. The price is $11.95 for the dinner buffet and I think $8.95 for the lunch one. They serve beers and alcohol too.
I'm not giving this place more stars only because I wasn't very impressed with the flavor of the curries. It's worth checking out once though!A solid buffet with all of the typical and usual favorites. It's a nice, casual place for a quick meal.This is amongst the best Indian food I've had on the East Coast. The chicken has been perfectly tender on each of the dishes I have ordered and the dal makhani deserves SPECIAL praise!
Delivery folks don't come up to my apartment even when there is place to park; which is a bit of a downer - but for food alone, this is an easy 5/5 for me. Keep it up please!Having grown up with Indian food almost every night, I'm quite picky when it comes to Indian restaurants. I almost never go for the buffet option because there is never enough flavor; however, I had the dinner buffet at New Delhi and I was amazed at how flavorful and spicy it was for a buffet. I also loved that they had a plethora of vegetarian and non-vegetarian options and even had selections beyond your traditional Indian buffet. The pricing is also super reasonable for an all you can eat place. I will definitely be back!I've gone here a handful of times, maybe more, but definitely less than ten visits, and I've been disappointed every time.  I've ordered both the buffet on the weekends, which offers a richer variety than during the week, and I've also ordered a la carte items from the menu.  The buffet offers plentiful self-servings of rice pudding which I like.  The latter contains pine nuts in a creamy, smooth sauce and is quite tasty, though everything else served in the restaurant is lackluster.  
If you order off of the regular menu you can probably specify the spiciness, but the buffet items are more or less bland.  The naan is unacceptably soggy and has probably been sitting under the dimmed buffet lights for an extended period of time.  If you prefer to have freshly baked naan, order off of the a la carte menu.  The mango lassi is not tart as one would expect the classic Indian drink to be, but is instead a shake.  The restaurant does not claim that it is a "lassi" per se but a "mango shake."  It is simply a concoction of milk and mango ice cream, the latter being available as a complimentary dessert that accompanies the buffet.  Granted, there aren't too many tasty Indian restaurants in the vicinity, and this place offers delivery service.  I ordered delivery once because I suddenly had a craving for Indian food, and ordered chicken saag (and specified "spicy" which improved the flavors a bit) with naan.  The dish automatically came with rice.   
Though New Delhi is indeed a sit-down restaurant, I'd prefer to patronize Rice and Spice on 42nd and Chestnut, which, though regrettably lacks a welcoming ambiance, serves what I consider to be above-average Indian fare.  A problem with Rice and Spice is that you probably have to bring a friend or two if you want variety.  The mango lassi there is actually a tart lassi and has a fairly thick consistency.  I've heard good things about Rice and Spice's chicken biryani and the serving portions are generous.
The waiters at New Delhi somewhat make you feel rushed because they clear the table very quickly for you when you order the buffet.  They are nice in offering to bring dessert (which comes with the buffet), but sometimes you want to spend a bit more time finishing off your plate before moving on.  
Those were my two cents about New Delhi.  I wonder if it's necessary for me to continue with a review of Rice and Spice.  I think Indian food in general is something you have to have a specific craving for, and when you do have a proclivity for it, it lasts for only a short period of time and after multiple consecutive visits either to one particular restaurant or to several.
Service: B+
Taste: B-Service: Seated right away. Drinks right away. Removed our plates very eagerly. Reminded us that dessert was included on the buffet. 
Food: Good variety. All tasted excellent. Everything tasted fresh. Constant turn around at buffet. Def worth the price.I've only had Indian food about twice prior to going to New Delhi. I've heard about this place from my friends and decided to take my boyfriend here. The price is good for college students like myself, and the food is good too. My boyfriend never had indian food before so we decided to go with the buffet style so that he could try whatever he likes. He really liked the chicken tikka marsala and naan, which is my perfect combination too. Then we asked for the dessert that came with the buffet. Our bill came out to be $30 including the tax&tip (we didn't get drinks)
I'm thinking next time we come again, we'll just get the chicken tikka marsala and lots of naan!I like to sample as many dishes as I can at Indian restaurants, so I went for the lunch buffet. The palak paneer was amazing! Everything I tried was delicious. They had a good number of vegetarian friendly options. I've had better naan, but it was still good. The restaurant was very clean and the staff was friendly. They also have great drink prices.The dinner buffet had just enough dishes and the taste was great. The naan was soft. The only thing that could be better was the mango Lassi. Not enough mango taste. The food was very good,  the service fast and friendly. 
Will definitely eat there again.I really enjoyed this restaurant for several reasons.
First off...I came here as part of a mission trip group in which the restaurant allowed 28 people to eat on a $8 per person budget (mission trip funds allocated for dinner) even though their dinner buffet usually cost about $14.
Their support meant a lot!
Customer service was good. Although it was a buffet so we mostly served ourselves.
The food was good. Very flavorful and authentic Indian food. 
It is a smaller buffet and starches are definitely slim. There is really only rice.
They have vegan options. 
The salad bar is a little weak but ok. The salad did not seem fresh at all. However I will say we were there close to closing. 
Some of their decorations are gorgeous especially in the hallway towards the bathroom. 
All in all I enjoyed my meal and their willingness to work with a mission trip group on a budget.
However for a buffet the options and variety was lacking.This place is okay in my opinion. Being an indian myself I might have more pickier of taste but I would say this place is decent. They obviously have amazing paneer and samosa but their level of spice is debatable, sometimes I find it a bit mild. Even then I think this place is good enough to eat at regularly, which I do. I recommend this place especially during their buffet time its totally worth the money!Buffett style indian food. YUM. Tried the naan, chicken tikka, vindaloo, tandoori chicken and samosas. Everything was all flavorful but nothing too overpowering. For dessert, there was banana and chocolate pudding and a sweet Indian rice pudding (don't remember what it was called). Service was good, staff refilled our drinks often and we didn't feel rushed to leave.I tried the a la carte for the first time the other day.  It was actually quite acceptible -  much better than the buffet.  They made it extremely spicy like I asked, which I was grateful for.  As long as you don't get the buffet, this place offers up semi-acceptable Indian food for decent prices.After a couple of times coming here, decided to give this place two stars.  Would have been three stars, but an incident earlier tonight warranted an automatic star deduction.  I'll explain below:
New Delhi Indian Restaurant is perfect for when you want a ton of Indian Food cheaply and in a hurry.  The restaurant operates almost exclusively as a buffet (I don't even know if there's an a la carte menu).  Going here feels much like going to a dining hall, except smaller.  You sit down, place your drink order, and then eat as much basmati rice, naan, chicken tikka masala, salad, or whatever is on the trays that evening as you care.  The young, noisy clientele really makes you feel like you're back in college.  Then you see the one or two older disheveled guys sitting by themselves in the corner or on the side eating alone to remind you that you're in the real world.
The food is actually not terrible: the basmati rice is flavorful, the naan is solid and able to hold a lot of the other dishes, the chicken tikka masala creamy, savory, and with large pieces of chicken, and the mutter paneer was a delight.  It was the lamb saag that got us.  While my serving had no major problems (just large chunks of dry lamb that had a little flavor), it was the BF's portion that made us both do a double take.  As he put the food in his mouth, he realized that something was hard to chew, and it was when he pulled a 6" piece of plastic wrap out of his mouth, I knew that I could eat no more.  Utterly gross and horrible.
While our waiters pushed us to enjoy one of the complimentary desserts included in the buffet, we honestly just didn't have the appetite to stomach it.  If not for the other time that we came here and had a pretty decent meal, I would have probably given this an automatic one star based on this experience alone.  However my rating reflects the average of our two trips here.  Maybe I'll come back if I can get over the plastic wrap hidden in the food.  But with another Indian buffet located around the corner and other cheap dining options nearby, it's hard to make a case for me to revisit New Delhi.SO GOOD OH MY GOD. 
The tikka masala is so good. The Bira White beer with a monkey on it is really good too. 
Samosas are crispy on the outside and so soft on the inside. 
Just be careful not to burn yourself on the buffet.What is all the fuss about? After hearing an obnoxious amount of people say that New Delhi is, "by far," the best Indian food in Philly, I had to give it a try. What did I find? Meh.
Being a huge advocate for Indian food and a regular diner and buffet patron, I have been to my share of Indian restaurants in the area: Ekta, Tiffin, Himalayan, Delhi, Sitar, and the list goes on. The New Delhi dinner buffet is perhaps one-up from the bottom of my list. 
Options-wise, they simply didn't have that much to offer; two chicken dishes, one of which featured "white meat" which was in fact dark, and tandoori chicken which wasn't horrible, but definitely on the dryer side. Their saag took on a shade that resembled an olive brown, rather than green--was the spinach fresh? Their vegetable pakoras consisted of pieces of puny, slightly burnt cauliflower pieces covered in gobs of batter; the pakora chicken wings were not burnt, but simply had almost no meat to them. The vegetable malai kofta were decent, but also not the best I've ever had. All in all, the buffet was a bit too americanized for my liking, (there was macaroni salad in the salad bar!), and not spicy in the slightest bit. Maybe that's why people like it? 
All-in-all, the food was mediocre, some dishes even being cold (not intentionally), and not too many options to choose from on top of this. New Delhi is very attentive service-wise, however, with servers constantly coming around, asking how you are and attempting conversation. Not always what one wants when eating their meal; yet,  at least dirty plates were taken away speedily. They also serve you your choice of dessert to your table, which is a nice touch. The pistachio ice cream itself was just average, but I liked that aspect of their service nevertheless. 
In the University City district, skip New Delhi and head on over to the tastier, albeit shabbier looking, Sitar a few blocks away. 
I'm giving New Delhi three stars because they also labeled the buffet item's if they were gluten-free or containing potential allergens, which pleased my gluten-sensitive self. I knew what I was getting, even if it didn't take the greatest.Still three stars. Its still good. All of us liked the food in the lunch buffet. Its not spectacular, but its good. Also, the waitstaff are actually pretty attentive here. For dessert in the buffet you can choose from a number of things on the printed menu. I would say that the mango icecream is the best dessert! Dont miss it!Wondrous buffet with an assortment of decadent options. Cooked and spiced to perfection leaving my wanting for more and fulfilling that wish immediately. Affordable and satisfying through and through. Service is quick and the food is refilled constantly.The one-stop shop for decent Indian food, service, and atmosphere!
FOOD: 4/5
Compared to Sitar, the options here are fewer but by far not limited! Despite fewer options, the quality doesn't disappoint. I think the price is fairly comparable, although the walk is a bit more distant from the middle of Penn. Love their chicken; I avoid the rice not because it's bad, but because the nan is so much more delicious! Rice pudding here is yummy, and they have a decent salad bar to help you feel less guilty about overeating! =p. Unlike Sitar, this place offers you free mango ice cream at the end. What a great way to wrap up a nice meal!
SERVICE: 5/5
Staff is always ready to serve you. Friendly, helpful, and attentive. Nothing to complain, and definitely above par. 
AMBIANCE: 5/5
Never too crowded, and never impossible to find tables. The place is definitely more spacious than Sitar and offers some outdoor seating. Not a bad place to simply grab some drinks either. The place is neither too rowdy nor too quiet, so it's perfect for a casual chat to catch up with friends.this is by far the best restaurant for indian food in philadelphia.  the food is awesome.  it is all you can eat buffet style.  great place to go if you are starving for indian food.This is the first Indian restaurant I've ever been to!! They had many different soups/dishes out. The food was great! The NAN (flat bread) went with many of the soups. The decor and atmosphere of the restaurant was great! The price was reasonable, about 11 dollars per person for dinner. They had a nice and clean bathroom. After you finished your meal, they complimented you with Indian flavors ice creams. I can't remember the name of the flavor that I ate, but it tasted good!Two words: Chicken Tikka. I'm pretty sure the daily buffet always includes this staple, because it's always been there on my trips. In addition to the tikka, I love that you can start your meal with a base of always fresh vegetables: romaine lettuce, cucumbers, tomatoes, and more. After I fill my plate with vegetables, I don't feel so bad covering them with the creamy items from the buffet and finishing it off with a side of raita and a piece of naan (or two). I'm usually too stuffed after one plate to go back for seconds, but there is always room for dessert. I stick with the gulab jamun, aka honey cake balls. They've also recently updated their decor, so there are no more work-inappropriate paintings and now the room is filled with sunlight from the large plate glass wall at the front of the restaurant. 
I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a good Indian buffet in the city. Lunch buffet runs about $11 with tax and tip, dinner is few bucks more. This place is great for groups as they can accommodate just about any party size.Update- I have been back at least 3 more times and with larger parties. Once, I called to let them know in advance that there was a party of 10 and if there were tables available. They spoke so fast and hung up at least twice that I wasn't sure at all if they heard me correctly. I gave up trying and just arrived to find out they already had tables ready. Food is still consistent every visit if not better.I hate that it closes on Mondays, and their working hours are ridiculous. I would have given it a five stares if they had a reasonable working hours. X( 
The Makhni chicken is amazing. You can order it online. 
- THIS IS ONE OF MY BEST RESTAURANTS IN PHILADELPHIA.Oh god, my mouth begins to water just thinking about their buffet.
Service is great and the food is delicious and authentic. Everyone I've gone with--from dates to families with toddlers--love it.
I like the atmosphere, but it can get pretty crowded and/or noisy. 
I've ordered both off the menu and had just the buffet. Both are good, though the buffet is clearly more economical.  The Chicken Tikka Masala is awesome.
One warning: Don't bother with the alcoholic beverages. Oh god, worst mojito I've ever had. Probably my fault for ordering a mojito at an Indian restaurant, but whatever. Others I know have had the Indian beer (forget the name) and thought it was so-so.I ordered from Uber Eats, Food is very fresh, tender, juicy, flavorful. Ordered over Uber eats. In case your wondering . They give you plenty of rice with each entree. No need to order extra . I'm Nigerians and Haitian so I'm a rice lover to put into perspective . I got the classic chicken tikki masala, shrimp saag, lamb roganjosh. Everything was amazing will order again .This restaurant has made it to the top! So I was inquisitive to try it out. I had their dinner buffet last year and found it to be very ordinary. With this new rating I thought I had missed out on some recent development. I went this weekend with friends and family for the buffet. One good thing about it is that they are open late till 4:00 pm. So if you are hungry late in the afternoon, and haven't got a place to go to, you can head for New Delhi for a taste of less than average cooking. The spread is nothing to boast about, if at all, it is on the smaller side. The only thing that we liked were the samosas and the mango ice cream. The rest was colorful, unappetizing and downright humble.I have only had their kofta balls and naan, but holy shit, it was amazing.  Service is quick (but not too quick where you're thinking, did you just nuke this from a frozen bulk supply?) and attentive.  Small and cute restaurant.  Pleasant!
Can't wait to go back.The food is not the best Indian food in Philly, but it's always solid, and never disappoints. It varies very little from visit to visit, I've never gone home disappointed. Their buffets are pretty great deals at $8 and $12 for lunch and dinner respectively, I don't think I've ever ordered a la carte.
As for the buffet, it's refreshed often, everything is always hot and fresh, and as stated, the quality varies little from visit to visit. It's also a nice touch that they include a dessert; I always get the kulfi, which is rich but the tiny portion is just the right amount of sweet for the end of a meal.
The waiters are, I think, mostly used to the buffet crowd, so they're either too present at refilling your water or hovering over your plate to take it away, or they're totally absent and it's nearly impossible to flag one down when you want to pay. Still, since you're mostly left to your own devices, which is nice, and this is always a good standby when in West Philly.I am an Indian and have been to plenty of Indian restaurants in US. Usually the buffets suck or is too bland. New Delhi has amazing buffet. It wasn't too much variety but each and every dish was finger licking delicious. The samosas were yummy too. I am a vegetarian so I do not know abt the non-veg. The palak panner, malai kofta, daal fry, navratan korma were all up to the mark. I also had the mango kulfi there (not in buffet) and it is a must must try. Yum !! Would go back soon.I love this place. The buffet is the best one on the planet, the people are friendly and the food is great, especially the mango lassi.The only delivery in West Philly I look forward to. Seriously.
Chana Saag is bomb! Shrimp Vindaloo is also bomb!
When ordering take out, medium spicy = barely edible so I wouldn't recommend going higher unless you know what you are in for.
Medium plus can be deadly.yes!!!! Finally found a good Indian Buffet in the city! A buddy of mine has been coming here for years and had been talking about it for quite some time. We did the lunch buffet which was only $10! They had the standard tandoor chicken, Tikaa Masala, Chicken Biryani. a few rices. some braised goat, some lamb and samosas. They also had a good sized salad bar. My favotire was a dish I had never eaten. it was Saag (the green spinach sauce) but instead of the cheese it usually has, this one had lamb. SUPER good, I was bummed I hadn't noticed this on my first trip to the buffet haha The tandoori chicken was also very good, although a bit dry. I am definitely going back. Just a no frills great Indian Buffet for a solid price.I don't like Indian food, but I love this place! Ask for a mango shakeMy first Indian buffet in which I could have done without, my BF said he wanted to take our daughter to  something different rather than the TGI Fridays and Chilli's of the world. So I ask what did he have in mind. He said Indian food. Now yelpers I have a 3 y.o daughter not 10 or 12. A 3 y.o. Now I am all for trying new things and teaching her diversity but please tell me what she going to remember about an Indian buffet let alone how in the hell Iam going to get her to eat the food. I have a fight trying to get her to eat hots dogs and chicken nuggets. Now how am I going to get her to eat curry and other wonderful Indian foods. Not wanting to argue I packed up my baby girl and headed to New Delhi. My Daughter and I were first timers but my BF is a regular he so he knows just about everyone and everything on the menu. The restuarant was clean alittle crownded but it was a good family oriented atmosphere. Once settled I started out on the journey a head of me. While my BF was in Indian heaven I was walking around trying find something for her to eat. Everything she saw was Mommy what is that , what is this. I dont want that. While I was walking in circles trying to get her to eat somethin. My BF was working on his third plate. We finally settled on sum chicken ( I dont know the name but it was orange) rice and naan. Surpise she loved it and she could stop eating the naan. Me I had some lamb in a spinach sauce with naan. I also tried other things one of my complaint's was the food could have been warmer. Like I dont like luke warm curry. It just doesnt taste pleasing. I wish they would have more of a variety. If I am not mistaking the buffet far as hot food had about 8- 10 items. I expected much more maybe would have a better experience if we left the little miss home.Ordered delivery from this place. It took them an hour and a half to deliver only two dishes (lamb korma and chicken tikka masala) plus an appetizer (chicken pakora)!! Furthermore, we were never warned it would take that long to get our food. Besides the appalling delivery time, the food was pretty good. The chicken tikka masala was great-- perfect balance of spices, creamy texture, etc. The lamb korma wasn't the best I've ever had...wish the lamb was a bit more tender, but the overall taste was good. The chicken pakora was pretty weird, at least I've never had pakora like that before-- They look/taste more like indian-spiced chicken fingers -- not bad, but still not what I was expecting! 
Next time, I'll skip the delivery and try out the buffet instead!I've been here a gazillion times but only once recently.  My dining companion and I went here before becoming movie companions at the bridge down the street.  I went for the buffet option and it was really yummy.  I really like their Naan long time.  I didn't notice any Korma (my favorite curry dish) on buffet, but I did have some yummy lentils and other things.  
I did ask for seltzer water and got still that sucked.New Delhi is one of the best Indian buggets anywhere.  The selection was excellent, including Goat Curry, Lamb Paneer, Chicken Biryani, Tandoori Chicken, Samosas, and other items, all delicious.  The salad bar was fresh and tasty, and the rice pudding made an excellent dessert.   They have upped their game by putting a signigicant selection of craft beers on teh menu as well.  Moreover, the price is right, and the atmosphere was extremely friendly to our group of 8 adults and 2 small children.I had driven by here a million times but this day I finally stopped in. There were only a few people in there. Maybe because it was 3 in the afternoon. Anyway, I was seated immediately....the waiter was friendly. I go to the ladies room to wash up. Test #1...is the bathroom clean and the water hot? Yes. The bathroom was spotless and the water was hot. I don't trust restaurants who don't have hot water when I'm washing up. Big no. 
On to the drinks. The bar isn't an actual sit down bar...just like a stand with a bartender and some basic drinks. He was friendly too. While they didn't have the vodka I usually order, they did have Grey Goose. So far so good. Now for Test #2...are the drinks cheap? I asked the price of the drink. $6. Jackpot! 
On to the food. I grab a plate. Cheap drinks are cool but how is the food. The food was good...enjoyable. I actually think the food at Tandoor India is better but the friendly service, nice decor and the fact that they serve alcohol (Tandoor India does not) puts it over the top for me. They even have a Happy Hour. I'm in love.OVER-RATED!!
Trust me, the only reason people talk about it so much is because it looks nice. Which is true, its got the nicest (relatively) indoor decor for an Indian restaurant in the neighborhood.
If you're at New Delhi, go around to the corner on 40th street to Tandoor. Their food is definitely better. If you have a car, go to Desi Village (46th and Baltimore), the best Indian joint in West Philly.The Vindaloo is not tomato based and it's very greasy.  What they call Naan is more like pita bread.  Not good!last time i will order from this resturant, horrible delivery people rude and disrespectful. called the resturant they didnt really care and actually thought it was funny that i would call to say the driver was very rude. no matter how good the food is if you provide poor service people should not continue to eat here,i will not be going back. folks do not accept horrible service from these resturants, plenty of places to choose from so why dont we allwork together to make sure resturants earn our business.If you're a broke Uni student like the most of us are around University City, then New Delhi Indian Restaurant is your haven away from your mum's cooking. 
The buffet is divine, and the things they have will surely have you coming back for seconds, and thirds, and fourths - you know what I mean. It's just good. 
The staff is very friendly and joke around with you which leaves you smiling at the end of the day. 
The food is divine, but I love the desserts the best. Their Gulab Kamun (Homemade milk balls dipped in honey syrup) is definitely something to try out. I would take pictures, but I was too busy stuffing my face.Wonderful array of fresh buffet items. All the items were flavorful with just enough spice. My favorites are the Nan, stewed okra, and the creamy rice pudding.
The wait staff were also quite hospitable and pleasant. Can't wait to go back!GREAT FOOD!!!! i love buffets. esp ones that include dessert! but since i have had the glorious indian food from ekta i cant help but compare everything to it...and new dehli was lagging far behind ekta.Omg... I love Indian food and this is where I go to eat!!! The place is nice and cosy and very dark.... I like dark... the guys are friendly and they don't rush you like some buffets do!Some of the best Indian food I have ever had.
Incredible flavor, reasonable prices, and very friendly people.  Their samosa chat is a meal for two for $6.95, and so delicious.  And they deliver to West Philly (at least to University City).  Highly, highly recommend.  Big up yourself, New Delhi Indian Restaurant.They did it.  
I know my previous reviews are attached to this one, so I won't go into too much detail.  I've been coming here for years.  Lately, the wife and I have been coming here a little more often in our Indian food rotation.  
I said before that they had to do a few things better to get the 4th star from me.  Well, they've done it.  
One example... I've tasted their chicken tikka masala many times over the years.  Many times neither I nor my wife liked it.  They were killing it with the spice for a good while.  I mean, spicy Indian food is good, but something was off on this dish.  
The last few times, they've gotten it right.  I think my wife is even beginning to crave it now.  So they've got that going for them  
Their Tandoori Chicken has improved over the years.  I remember when every piece used to be dry.  Now, they're figuring it out it seems.  
Plus, we brought my wife's parents who are in town from Mumbai this past Friday.  If you can please them, that's a big win. 
They were pleased.  Seconds were had happily by everyone.   We also highly enjoyed the malai kofta they served on Friday.  Excellent flavor!
I've noticed the reviews getting better here.  I've noticed the crowds improving here.  I'm ready to join in the chorus now.  
This place is worthy again.The place is small and hard to find a seat. But the food is good although the buffet items are limited. Pricing is perfect. Would go there every weekend.I'm sitting here eating delivery from New Delhi and felt compelled to add to the collection of great reviews.  I'll probably regret this later seeing that my fingers are a little oily, but it's worth it I'm sure.
The usual dishes - chicken tikka masala, tandoori chicken, etc. - are fine and dandy, as you can read in the rest of the reviews.  But I highly recommend you try the other fare as well.  I love the dal makhni and channa masala.    If you're not going for the buffet, try the makhni chicken - it's my absolute fave and almost compares to my Indian friend's mom's homemade.  On that note, all of my Indian friends love it here as well.  No, it's not the same as homemade, but it's pretty damn close.
If you love mango, go for a mango lassi or the mango ice cream.  The rest of the desserts are great, as well, but I find the mango ice cream to be refreshing at the end of this kind of meal.
I tend to get delivery seeing as that I'm usually holed up in my room studying, and I've never had a problem with their delivery service - fairly prompt given the volume of people they serve, and always hot and fresh.Tried this place for the first time with my vegan boyfriend. When you have a craving for Indian food, a buffet is the only way to go. Why? Because you'll pay a lot less money for a lot more food, or for as many vegetable samosas as you can possibly handle. For $11.95 per person (dinner price), you can't really go wrong with this place. So why not 5 stars? Well, they didn't have a ton of vegan options. Don't get me wrong, we left full and fat and happy, but we didn't have a ton to choose from when sticking with the vegan menu. Other than that, no complaints here.Love this place!!!! The buffet always had a wonderful array of choices and they refresh things regularly. It's a great option for the price too! This is definitely a place I will be frequenting often.Ok, I admit that I'm giving 5 stars because I've been going here almost my entire life, and the food has stayed reliably delicious. It's not always perfect, especially if you're really craving spice, but how can you beat the buffet, with tea and dessert included and a 10% student discount? The Tandoori chicken can be hit or miss, but their mutter or saag paneer is just lovely, as well as the lamb saag, tikka masala, and fried chicken (coated in chickpea flour, so you feel 2% better about eating them). The owner told us that they changed the kitschy decor to a sleeker look because that's what they're doing in India...personally, I liked the old look better, but hey, now you get a long, silvery, space-trek to the bathroom.Sometimes restaurants tries to invent new dishes.  Fortunately/ Unfortunately it either turns into success or not much success.  Unfortunately, there are some dishes at New Delhi that attempts to make new inventions that need to go back to the drawing board.  
Last week, we had the buffet
Chicken Wing Pakora's:  fried too long or left too long on the buffet table.
Mixed Veggies were too oily.  
Naan had alot of Gee (melted butter), also Naan was cooked too long so it became too chewy.  
Tandoori Chicken was really red on the outside.  
Lamb:  Could use alot more flavor.  Also, they used all boneless pieces.  Please consider using goat and pieces around the ribs, it'll make your sauce alot more flavorful.
Rice Pudding is good.  Although it's missing cardamon and alittle nutmeg.
New Delhi has some highlights such as their rice pudding.  However, it's really hard to give this place more than 2 stars when tandoori chicken is cold and hard, and new inventions such as Chicken Wing Pakora is really bland and dry.3.5 stars.
      I went in here a few days ago to try the much vaunted Indian food here. 
        The place itself is really clean and looks like they either recently remodeled or just really take care of the place. The buffet areas were really really clean, which is not always easy to do/maintain. I stepped up and began my sampling of ND's wares. Vegetable samosa, chicken tikka masala and the mutter paneer. The vegetable samosa was the best outside of one of my old boss's wives samosa. Beautifully crisp outer shell, yet flaky and not over fried. The samosa filling was really good and had a fair amount of spice. The chicken tikka masala was really good and rivaled Tiffin's. The mutter paneer was pretty good, though in truth I probably like Tiffin's better. Though to be fair, Tiffin cooks theirs on demand vs. ND's sitting around in a warmer. Speaking of which the trays were so hot that the serving handles were almost too hot to touch. 
On my second pass I tried the lamb saag, dal mahkni and another dish who's name escapes me. The Lamb in the lamb saag was very tender and had some flavor to it. The green sauce looked horrible, like something from the movie Swamp Thing. However it tasted pretty good. The Dal Mahkni on the other hand looked watery and didn't taste that great. The other dish I got was similarly watery and didn't have a lot of spice to it either. The Naan I got was tasty and light/fluffy/not overbaked/cooked.
I had the rice pudding dish for dessert and it perfectly complemented and settled down my stomach after some of the spicy things I had.
Service was excellent. I always got a quick refill on water and my empty plate(s) were whisked away in a jiff.
Overall what I liked, I liked a lot. I wish I'd had a chance to try the tandoori chicken and a few other things. Stay tuned.....Hands down the best Indian restaurant in Philly. Their food is delicious,  the customer service is on point, the prices are reasonable. Finish off with mango ice cream, it's perfect.Bangin.  One word review.  Discount these other words.  Seriously though, this place has never disappointed.  I often eat here for lunch and get the buffet, so there is never a wait.  Don't get discouraged when I say "buffet" because the food is actually pretty good.  The servers are attentive and the atmosphere is very conducive to having a relaxing meal.Really solid buffet. Inexpensive and the staff was friendly.  The restaurant was very clean.  I would definitely go here again.LOVE this place! EXCELLENT options for a VEGAN!:-) food is absolutely delicious and portion size is generous. Great Buffet for both Lunch and Dinner.  
My faves: Bhagan Barta, Bindi Masala, and Chana Masala.We decided to dine here on New Years Eve.  I know most places have fixed menus, and would have been packed and we thought why not Indian!  I love Indian food and once asked a cab driver from Indian what he thought the most authentic food in the city was.  When he said New Delhi, I knew I had to get there even if University City is a little bit of a hike.  
I called ahead to make sure that they had openings.  They said that they did in fact, and that they were open until 10.  We had to cab, and arrived at 9:20.  At this point I found out there was a buffet, but we had planned on ordering from the menu.  I did not think much of showing up at 9:20 because we're quick eaters, and we had plans for later on anyway.  However, we were literally bum rushed at the door by two men who said "we close at 10."  I gave a confused look and said ok?  He then said "well the kitchen is closed."  The last time I checked if you are open until 10, you're open until 10.  When I had called ahead, there was no mention of this or we would not have cabbed out this way.  The other man intervened and said in a stern voice "fine, 5 minutes."  I have to be honest, normally I would just said no thanks, as this was one of the rudest greetings I'd ever experienced, but we were really hungry and had somewhere to be. 
They then hastily brought menus over to us and reminded us AGAIN that we had 5 minutes.  We quickly ordered an entree and two appetizers while he literally stood over us in the most uncomfortable way.  We also got some naan.  
The food came out quickly even though the "kitchen was closed" and we got our naan first.  It was very good.  We then got our samosas which were delicious and a shrimp dish.  I found it to be very good, but my guest wasn't a huge fan.  She suggested this because it's her favorite thing to order at Indian spots and just thought the taste was off.  We asked for it to be spicy, and it was in fact lacking that kick.  
As we were eating two different groups of people came in to eat and they were actually turned away.  One group basically begged for takeout, and they were told no.  I cannot imagine that the owner was there.  Now mind you it was NYE, so maybe they had plans, but they were pretty old to be rushing out to a party.  
I am a frequent diner in Philadelphia and this hands down was the least pleasurable experience I've had out in this city.  The food is good yes, but not at all good enough to warrant that type of service.  At the end of our food (which took us a whopping 15 minutes to eat) they promptly dropped the check.  We were out BEFORE 10, which would have happened even if we weren't rushing.  Also note we didn't order any alcohol, so it was clear we were there to eat and leave.  
There are other wonderful amazing Indian spots with kind/enthusiastic service.  I will not be returning.
A lot of people reviewing this place really dig the buffet, but since I went with the menu I cannot speak on that.Good for takeout. We usually get 3 dishes (paneer, a veggie masala, and a lamb dish). Their masalas are a little on the salty side. Our delivery orders (to 49th and Baltimore) usually take 60m to arrive.
Don't order basmati rice unless you want extra rice. They provide one container of basically white long grain rice (with an intimation of seasoning) per dish you order. The basmati rice is just another container of the standard fare.This is a great place to for casual lunch or dinner. The restaurant is really versatile, I think -- can fit well for a variety of occasions. It's modern and clean, spacious. Small buffet in the middle, but I believe they have a regular menu for those who wishes to opt out of the buffet. I always went here for the buffet so I'm not sure how the other non-buffet fares.
I think the food is decent and the service is always really good. If I were to choose between Sitar and New Dehli just based on food (taste & selection), however, I'd probably go to Sitar. 
Nonetheless, this place never disappoints! I'm a fan.This review is for the buffet only which was very basic, but (like the rating says) A-OK. I think the price is just right, too. I was on a mandatory assignment to get  some Indian food in my brother and this was totally accomplished.Note: This review is strictly for the buffet.
I have stopped by New Delhi on only a few occasions, and each time I remember why I don't go out of my way to go here. The restaurant itself is quite large and pretty clean from what I've observed but...
The food is just above average. I have Ekta just around the corner form my house, so that is reason enough to never leave my neck of the woods. The food here, while acceptable and well-cooked, is lacking. I don't taste the careful attention to detail and almost scientific blend of spices/flavors that draws me to Indian food in the first place. 
Strangely enough, one thing that I do LOVE here is the mango mojito. It is delicious and at a more-than-reasonable price. I also like the fact the the buffet comes with dessert. The desserts themselves are forgettable but I appreciate the effort.
I've never sat in it, but the outside seating area seems nice and the wait staff is fine.I generally have a policy when it comes to Indian food from buffets: never order it for delivery. The reason is that it often costs way more than just walking over and eating there. But every now and again, you really want Indian food, and you're stuck in the office. If that happens, I suggest you order from New Delhi using Campusfood.com. Here's a review of a delivery order.
We were stuck working late, and so we put in an order for: some naan, some garlic naan, the vegetables malai kofta, and the paneer makhni. The latter two came with rice. 
A note of caution: if you order online, you can select your heat level. I generally like my food really hot, but I was persuaded to go with the "medium" level, which was like 4 down from the top level! I'm kind of glad I was. It was pretty hot, probably around the hottest level at other places, and I hear that the hottest level here is inedible. I might go to "medium plus" next time. 
My favorite was the paneer makhni--"cheese cubes cooked in tomato sauce with butter." It was freaking delicious, with a creamy red sauce and perfectly textured cheese cubes. The vegetable malai kofta was extremely similar, but it had fried veggie dumpling-ish things in it.  Of course, the naan was good. 
Everything arrived right at the promised time, and the driver was pleasant. All in all, the tab was $32 with fees and tip, not too bad for dinner.Though I havn't had any other Indian food in University city, I might go out on a limb and say New Delhi is the best, considering I come back every time and I have the urge to try the whole menu. 
The buffet makes my mouth water and they definitely dont skimp. Everything is prepared fresh and doesnt sit for hours like at most buffets. (you can watch them bringing out new trays frequently)
I usuallly to take out though. Of all the dishes ive had there has only been one (chicken tikka, NOT masala) that I havnt liked. However, i think that is the dish itself, not the way they make it. 
Basically: Go here, eat it, and unless you are CRAZY about spicy food, i wouldnt recommend getting above mild or medium!Went here for lunch buffet. Good selection - lamb saag, chicken tandoori, chicken vindaloo, lentils, a few other vegetarian options. Also some salad with fixings, sauces and rice pudding for desert. The lamb saag was very good.
Dropped a pitcher of water off at the table and cleared empty plates quickly. Will return for lunch again.Tried dinner buffet here. The lamb and indian naan are good. The dishes are not too spicy or too curry in a good way. I really enjoyed dipping naan into the lamb soup.
But found out NO Samosas served on Wednesday and Thursday. No dessert (on their website, it said appetizer, main dish and dessert included in the buffet).  Too little selection to a buffet.   So called, you get what you pay for.It is what I always imagine it to be. I only come for the buffet, and I'm never disappointed. Everything tastes good. All of it. All the food. And they have cheap tasty drinks all day! I feel so blessed to live near this amazing delicious Indiani like that the vegan items in the buffet are clearly labeled as being vegan (as are the gluten free items, for those that care.) the dal and chana masala were pretty good, if a little soupy. as new delhi is right across the street from work i would surely come back here for lunch again.Extremely late order... 1.5 hrs. They blamed it on catering orders. Don't trust quoted order time estimates. And when you call... don't expect any customer service.I love  their weekend buffet. Fresh salad bar and baked Naan. The Palak Paneer , Lamb Saag Wala and veggie samosa are my favs. I love the clean and open environment.The best Indiana restaurant I have ever visited!In my opinion, if you don't get the buffet here, you're just being silly. They have stuff in red sauces, green sauces, and other color sauces. I can't tell you what any of it is called, but it's all delicious. Rice aplenty and lots of the bread (nan?) to go with everything. There's also a salad bar and rice pudding, which tastes like it was made with lots of love. Also, dessert is included. I've never had anything but the honey dough balls, because those are so amazing I can't even entertain the idea of another dessert. Seriously, just order them; just say "honey dough balls" and they'll know what you mean.Admittedly, I was never a fan of Indian food until I tried this place, but I love what they have here. I usually get the paneer palak and chicken tikka masala, both of which are fantastic! The buffet dinner is relatively inexpensive (~$10, including dessert), and it offers a number of choices. The service is especially wonderful. If you're looking for an Indian restaurant in West Philly, I don't think you'll find a better one.Sometimes you just want something quick, filling, inexpensive, and also pretty tasty. Those are usually the days New Delhi is a great option (and often where I end up). There's usually a decent amount of parking on Chestnut, by the police station, so I find myself heading over for some Indian buffet.
$11.95 allows you to eat to your heart's content at the buffet and also gets you a dessert. The food is okay, the chicken tikka masala is tasty but lacking some of that rich flavor. The naan is average, and the chicken wings are good, but may get a bit dry and overdone.
I do love the kulfi (pistachio ice cream), the mango ice cream, and really all the desserts. They offer quite a refreshing end to gorging yourself on food. 
I wouldn't say New Delhi offers the best Indian food in town. It's definitely a good value, and a quick place to fill your belly (perhaps a little too much) though.maybe the best Indian buffet I've ever been to.  Granted I've been to less than 10.  
The buffet options are not that many, but I like that.  Fewer dishes on the buffet makes it more likely everything is super fresh.  And yes, everything on the buffet is super fresh.  The dishes change daily, you can check their website for what will be out on certain days.this is not only my favorite indian restaurant, this is my favorite restaurant in all of phildelphia, hands down. i say that in part because it is the only restaurant that i have frequented on a regular basis over the past 13+ years. it's hard to put into words what i love about this place...but i shall try...
my first new delhi experience was october of 1995, yet it seems like just yesterday. i was a freshman at drexel, and a sophomore friend who was helping me with a film class project suggested we get some take-out while watching movies. he called in an order to new delhi and we trekked from powelton village thru penn's campus in the cold. i was bitter about having to walk so far to get our food, wondering why we couldn't get something closer, or better yet - delivery! after walking all the way back in the cold and then unwrapping the tightly sealed packages with nearly frost-bitten fingers, i pretty much would have been satisfied with anything. i wasn't satisfied. i was blown the eff away!
since that first experience (tho not my first indian endeavor, mind you), i have ordered off the menu a mere handful of times compared to the number of visits where i opted for the buffet. now, i am not one for buffets as i generally am weary of the vats of food sitting for long periods of time, however, just as the clientele at new delhi is constantly turning over, so does the food. in one short visit i have seen the naan replenished 3 times - that's a lot. the staff on the other hand? talk about low turnover rate...i gather this must be a family operation because i have seen the same men working there since '95.
and the food, oh the food! while the buffet items are typically not as spicy as ordering a la carte...i have been quite grateful for the pitcher of water left at the table on many an occasion. as i'm the type of eater who takes a bit of this, and then a bit of that, and often mixes flavors and sauces, i can never be sure which was hot and which was not, but who really cares? all are tasty, and that's what matters.
my favorite dishes are the malai kofta, gobi masala, palak paneer and [sorry, i don't know the exact indian name for it] the vegetable pakora in a lemon chickpea sauce...tho i have yet to have anything i disliked here. at least 2 of the above items are always on the buffet when i go in (typically on weekends) as well as naan, basmati rice, samosas and of course a few meat dishes...ya know, if that's your thing.
since the renovation about a year and a half ago, they have also been offering rice pudding (on the side, next to the salad bar), but you still get your choice of dessert as well as coffee or tea along with the buffet, which is already a steal at $9/lunch, $12/dinner. i'm a sucker for gulab jamun and kulfi, tho lately i have been filling up on my food and haven't had the room for it - sacrilege, i know! speaking of which, who else remembers when the front/waiting room housed a sweets counter? man, that was some good stuff...
what can i say? i have requested to be taken here by my bf on special occasions ... i have driven out of my way to come here when other options were closer/easier ... i have opted to see movies at the bridge over other theaters in order to dine at new delhi ... i have been eating here for nearly 14 years! clearly, i love this restaurant, and if you haven't tried it yet, well, what are you waiting for, a UYE? if so, you're in luck - check the events page! http://www.yelp.com/events/philadelphia-new-delhi-uyeTo make it brief and sweet:
This is our favorite Indian  food Restsurant for the last 20 years. Never I repeat never did we have anything but outstanding and totally consistent Indian food not to mention it is very clean   Simply a place that should not be missed. Although the buffet is most popular with a great variety of dishes try items from their menu that are not available in their buffet.Great food for both me (vegetarian) and my meat eating husband! It was on time, and the portions were big! Definitely ordering from this place again!