There's really nothing to say that hasn't already been said.  These bagels are ah.maze.ing.  The owner is really nice and I'm adding this to my "worth the drive to stock up once a month" places.  Everything, marble, sesame, poppy.  It's a bagel purists dream come true!Best bagels and muffins on main line, hands down. I actually dream of them...they're that good. Closed on Saturdays and no seating (there is two stools) but those are the only downsides of the place. Not expensive and people who work there are very friendly. It's such a bonus it's so close. Well, not for the muffin top (no pun intended;-)Been craving a bagel-  a REAL bagel- for a long time & this place certainly delivers. No frills.THE BEST BAGELS YOU WILL EVER EAT!!!
I am from N. Jersey Bergen/Essex County, and I grew up eating some of the best bagels being sold on the east coast.  
NY Bagel has it right!Best bagels ever. This place is certainly a treat! They have amazing bagels, my favorite is the everything bagel with scallion cream cheese and fresh sliced lox. Doesn't disappoint. My fiancé had an egg bagel with egg salad and couldn't stop raving how wonderful it was. This place is worth the drive up city avenue. Will be back again and again. And again.Made the trip from Fishtown to the Main Line on Sunday after craving a good bagel and reading about this place on Phoodie. It's SO worth the trip.
It was around 2 in the afternoon when we found this place in a small strip mall off of City Line Ave. The interior is plain and unremarkable -- not covered in advertising, a small case with cream cheeses and lox and whitefish salad, and a fridge with bottled drinks. We got two everything bagels toasted with cream cheese to go, and six bagels to save/freeze for later. As we talked to the man who was waiting on us (who seemed like he might have been the owner), he began filling our bag with more bagels, on the house. When my boyfriend asked if the pumpernickel bread was made in-house too, the man toss a loaf in our bag. We wound up walking out of the place with two overly full bags of bagels and bread, and a new friend. And the bagels themselves were everything I was hoping for -- chewy outside, airy inside. Not overly dense or bready. No rye seeds on the everythings (a pet peeve). 
I will absolutely be back. Well worth the trip on a Sunday morning (as the other reviewers said, keep in mind they're closed on Saturdays).These are serious bagels. Seriously awesome. This isn't the place you go to have a date, it's a place where the only thing you get are bagels. And you have to get there early. Bagels are gone by early afternoon in my experience. 
Closed on Saturdays. If the owner, nick, is there, you can pay by credit card. 
We don't live in the area anymore and because of Nick's bagels, we basically don't even buy bagels anymore because we can't find anything close to the replacement. So sad!Small, disorganized, not the cleanest place, but damn that's a good bagel. Get a dozen or some toasted with cream cheese. They don't make egg sandwiches or have any place for you to sit, but the bagels are ridiculous, like everyone else said. Be prepared to wait a bit- come early!!! I left pissed because I had to wait 10 mins to pay for my b and cc, then I had a bite. I'm smiling after finishing it. Well done.Beats every other bagel place in Main Line area by far! Come here for my daily fix every morning(after my workout of course!) Nick, the owner, is the sweetest man around. They also have bagel varieties and breads such as Black Russian(pumpernickel with raisins and sesames) that no one else has.These are the best bagels I have found in Philly so far. (Also, I use the phrase "in Philly" very lightly. The borders of this city are far too generous.) 
They aren't as good as ones I've had in NYC, but this is about as good as we're going to get here. Personally, I like them to be slightly chewier. I'm with Chris H. in terms of toasting- good bagels don't need anything other than a schmear and the ones here are very good.
They are closed on Saturday, so Sundays get a little nuts in this small shop.If you want NYC style bages (which are hard to come by in Philadelphia), and in particular kosher bagels, you need to come here.  Yes, if you live in Center City, this takes a few more minutes than going to Le Bus or Metropolitan, but the bagels are authentic.  They are open very early, so you can make a run to get your carbs for breakfast or Sunday brunch.
The bagels are always fresh, and thay have other kosher baked goods.  They also have great spreads, lox, whitefish salad, and that sort of stuff.
There is no place to sit, but come and get your fantastic bagels and then make your own brunch / party somewhere else.
You can find this place in a strip mall on Haverford Ave just on the Philly side of City Ave (if you are going West on Haverford, it is on your right before the McDonalds).  Just don't come late on Friday afternoon or on Saturday when they are closed.These are the best bagels in the Philadelphia area. I love bagels and find places like WaWa and supermarkets sell something that tastes like a muffin ,only bagel shaped-not what I want. I used to go here 10 years ago and recently started working at SJU(Saint Joe's) and stopped in one morning. Man. they're just as good. I took some home and my kid's loved them. With a cup of coffee its like heaven!The previous 32 reviews are spot on.  To summarize:  "NY Bagels supplies best bagels you can find in Philly."
One mention of "bialies" is mistaken.  I have not seen bialies at NY bagels.  The one mention of "flats" is absolutely correct.  They make a flat bagel that is more substantial than a bagel (UNTIL TODAY, see note below), and has more coating material than does a bagel, and no hole.  The flats come in two varieties: everything and sesame.  Everything seems to include: salt, sesame seeds, poppy seeds, onions and garlic.  Both are fantastic most days, and occasionally out of this world.  I've asked if there is a different recipe, but Nick swears the same dough makes both the bagels and the flats.  I suspect that there is a variability in the proofing time, or the kneading, because some days the flats are just phenomenally chewy and delicious; Other days, merely delicious.  Show up early (before 8:15am), though, because there are only a few dozen of these bad boys.  I only buy bagels if I can't get enough of the flats.
Today, I find the flats have shrunk to the size of an ordinary bagel!!!  What are you playing at, Nick?  It is as if the janitor at the Louvre took a moment out of his busy night to make a few changes to the Mona Lisa.  This is a travesty, a tasty travesty, but still wrong.  The flats were perfect.  Now there is less perfect for everyone.  Please restore the flats to their former glory.Great bagels. Been around for a long time. Consistently great. If you go okSunday morning expect to be in a long line. Other than that, you're good to go anytime. Enjoy.The everything bagel is unsurpassed by any other bagel in Philadelphia.  It is the perfect texture: crunchy shell and soft, flavorful interior.  Get it with the lox and scallion spread.  But be warned that it gets very crowded on the weekend.  And for good reason.I live in West Philly and there is no shortage of various types of ethnic cuisine, vegan/vegetarian cuisine, and cafes.  However, my neighborhood sorely lacks a GOOD bagel place.  My boyfriend and I decided to take a trip to New York Bagel Bakery in hopes of finding a new favorite spot.  We got there around 10:30 so some of the flavors were not available.  I had an everything bagel with lox cream cheese.  It was reasonably priced (I think around $3, which isn't bad considering I ordered a "gourmet" cream cheese) and delicious.  Few establishments include salt in the "everything" mixture, but they did, and I was very happy.  My boyfriend ordered a cinnamon raisin bagel with cream cheese, and because he was particularly hungry, he also ordered a sesame bagel with egg salad.  He enjoyed both.  I took a bit of the egg salad sandwich and it was also very good--the bagel was excellent, the egg salad could have used some salt in my opinion.  We have plans on going back when we have another bagel craving!The one star is for a pretty good bagel. This place should not have opened today. Disorganized. Out of many bagels. Not putting spreads on bagels today - too busy. Instead putting cream cheese in little containers, requiring container, kids, napkins, knives, weighing on a scale. Longer than spreading on a bagel. It also cost more! Not fair but I just wanted to get out of there. Also, too "slammed" to brew coffee today. Also could not make change of a $20 bill for an order over $10. Ridiculous!The most amazing bagels!!! The tuna sandwhich on an everything bagel is the best thing you have ever had!!! The lox cream cheese is really good too!! 
Also, the owner Nick, is the nicest guy around!!!Bagels here are perfectly chewy and crispy, but a little too big and puffy for my tastes. I think I prefer Philadelphia Bagel Factory overall, but these are special too. Way better than Hot Bagels off South Street. 
As for authenticity, bagels in New York vary, with some tating like these bagels, others being closer to my own bagel ideal. 
PS - My navigation system thought this was two blocks south of where it really was - it's in the same shopping center as the delicatessan.Real bagels with real crust, not the oversized rolls that are sold elsewhere.  Even the plain are flavorful; the whole wheat are family favorites. Perfect for holding lox and whitefish salad or alone.These are the best bagels we've tried so far in the area.  Granted, the only other ones we've tried were from Delancey Street, Manhattan, and various grocery stores.
New York Bagel Bakery's bagels are neither tough nor bready, but perfectly chewy, with a nice taste.  They were out of several flavors when we were there, but I'd rather have a plain bagel from here than a super-everything bagel from a lesser shop.Best bagels in Philadelphia by far! Stopped in after a Sunday morning bagel craving and scored the best darn still warm and chewy everything bagel I have ever had (never had a bagel in NY). The cream cheese is sold by the pound - I underestimated how good the veggie creamcheese was going to be, should have gotten the larger container. I would put that s*it on everything! Fresh, wonderful, no frills establishment. Will return soon!Amazing bagels and if you go early enough they are piping hot.  I especially love all of the homemade cream cheeses and the freezer bags they give.  The owner and his staff are also super friendly.Great bagels, best I've been able to find in the Bryn Mawr/Ardmore/Edge of Philly area.  Always have friendly service, in fact one time the owner gave me a free bagel just because I couldn't make up my mind about which one to buy!.  They have a good selection of cream cheese, coffee, and some drinks available.
Only bad thing I can say is that sometimes they're sold out of specific varieties if you come late in the afternoon, otherwise just a great place serving fantastic bagels.my favorite kosher bagel shop in all of philadelphia
get in their early because their great bagels get bought early in the morning
definitely good for getting lots of bagels for brunch of breakfast partiesI have been in search if the perfect bagel.... and finally found it!!!  Everyone is so nice and the bagels are  awesome! I've let my Wilmington neighbors in on the secret and now they have me picking up bagels for them.These are easily the best bagels I have ever had. I got there on Sunday around 11:00 AM and the place was relatively crowded (not to mention claustrophobic; the store is kind of small). Unlike Delancey, their bagels were warm, fresh, and just crispy enough to eat without toasting. Even when taken from the fridge, it only takes 30 seconds (in a 1986 microwave) for it to soften up.
The only problem I have with this place is that it's closed on Saturday and packed on a Sunday, so people might have to go early on a weekday to get bagels there.Good bagels on the main line.  If you like Delancey Street in Wynnewood give these a try.  Just watch out that some are not too well done, check your bag before you leave.Best bagels in the area. Go early - line can be long.The bagels are great.  Don't go out of your way for them though.  Wait until you're in the area for something else.  Closed Saturday which is when I usually get a craving.  :pI love this bagel place!  The owner is a sweetheart and let me pay him later when I didn't have enough to cover my bill.  Who does that?  The bagels are delicious and fresh.  I will go nowhere else.Bagels were great. Coffee was an abomination. Be forewarned! Also... No place to sit here. You have to take everything to go.Best bagels I've ever had! Before I lived on the east coast I couldn't understand why New York transplants were always complaining that they couldn't find good bagels.  But if all bagels in NYC are as good as this guys bagels then I completely understand! I crave his bagels all day and end up having them for dinner some days.  We buy bags full and freeze them because we live in Center City and can't drive out there every day.  If we ever move away, I will be that annoying person complaining that I can't find good bagels because New York Bagel Bakery has spoiled me for life!I rarely give 5 stars, but I think people need to know about this place.
First, a word about it's location: It is in the shopping center on the northeast corner of Haverford Rd. and City Line Ave., behind a McDonalds. The street address is 7555 Haverford Rd., but if you go to where the gps or google maps sends you, it's the wrong spot. The street numbers in that area are messed up.
Okay, the food: I just got the baseline bagel this morning, a toasted everything with a little bit of regular cream cheese. It was outstanding. The crust was far better than anything I have gotten elsewhere in the Philly area, a really nice crunch. The inside was fresh, and not too dense or chewy. 
The service was fast and friendly. I didn't tell them on purpose, but when they learned I had come out of my way to try their bagels, they were very appreciative.
The place itself is nothing special. Just a regular deli-style counter, no printed menu that I saw. They make some kinds of sandwiches, but I'll save that for next time.I'm used to bagles from NYC and this is the closest I've found to them so far.  Love being able to see them working in the back.  The staf is very friendly (how do they do it that early in the morning? - three cheers to them) and speedy.  I'm sure I'll be going again and again.i consider bagels part of my holy trinity, along with cream cheese and coffee. there is barely a better way to start your day in my book. i grew up in a place that did not have bagels, so my first bagel ever was when i was 14 and i went to new york city for a trip with my dad. we stayed in a crazy apartment with a bona fide cat lady that rented rooms, because my father is very cheap. the only good thing about this situation was the glorious bagels and cream cheese this woman provided for breakfast each morning. these delicious rings of heaven blew my mind, i could not get enough. i had never eaten something so simple yet perfect. 
now those bagels hold a place in my heart and have clearly gotten better in memory, but new york bagel bakery in haverford does a pretty good job of producing bagels that get close to those mystical bagels of my youth, and other great bagels that are pretty standard in new york city. they have a great crust, and a very chewy center with that sourdough type bite. i usually use a toaster to elevate lesser bagels, but with these, i don't think toasting is necessary. which in my mind speaks volume about the quality.
i highly recommend this place, though the location bites for those of us that live in center city. in my mind it is well worth the trip out. i only give 4 stars because i don't think they are quite as good as the bagels in new york city, but are far and away the best in philly. the owner is really friendly and is clearly beloved by his locals. for those who are concerned with kosher, they had some postings about a recent change in their status. i am ignorant to the certification process for this so i did not understand what the changes were, but if it is important to you, you might want to give them a jingle to find out before rolling out there.Incredible. The freshest bagels I've ever ate. Certainly a no frills establishment but they do it in the best way possible; heavy volume with consistent turnover that keeps their stock fresh to death. 
Dont expect a bacon egg and cheese being available, leave that to the Wawa Sizzili. NYBB sells uncut bagels and cream cheese by the pound. 
I'll be back.Bring cash, come early, and expect a small wait in line to get the best bagels in the Philly area. 
I take my bagels seriously enough that I researched the best bagel shop before I even moved to the area, and if you're as crazy as me and are doing the same, don't hesitate to come here first.
That being said, they don't quite meet the standard of an excellent bagel. They are sometimes a bit softer and less chewy than they should be. But if you're in the area, it's definitely your best option.Yes, they're closed on Saturday. But that means two things: One, they observe the sabbath which means they're traditional and do bagels the traditional way. Two, you'll appreciate the bagels even more in Sunday. 
A dozen for under $10. And now, the best news: These are the real deal.   Crunchy-softy-no-need-to-toasty. Just the aroma of the 'everything' is enough to make this gentile kick a stain glassed window. Be patient when you go. You will not be first on line.Best bagels in the area! Highly recommend.Best bagels in the Philadelphia area. Most places forget that you're supposed to boil and bake bagels....and they just bake them and it's not the same. These guys know how to do it.As a Brooklyn native, I've been searching for good bagels in Philadelphia for nearly 10 years.  I finally found the NY Bagel Bakery last year, after reading favorable reviews on another site.  
It's kind of out of the way, so I planned my first visit for a day when I would be driving out to the suburbs (and through West Philly) anyway.  I pulled up a few minutes before 3pm, just as the owner was flipping over the "closed" sign on the door.  Somehow he managed to see the disappointed look on my face from across the parking lot, and waved me inside anyway.  
In the dark, he gave me my choice of the few bagels that were left (only whole wheat and poppy), and refused to take my money for the single bagel that I ordered, because the cash register was already shut down for the day.  When I thanked him profusely, and explained that I've been searching for "real" bagels for years, he gave me a few more for the road!
While they aren't the best bagels I've ever had, they're definitely the best bagels in Philly - the only ones that even come close to a NY bagel!  They're boiled and then baked, which gives them the proper taste and consistency, and they're made fresh every morning (and sold out by 3!).I just picked up the sesame flatbread bagels and they were delicious. I was able to preorder them since they often are sold out. They have an admirable selection of choices of bagels and creme cheeses as well as sandwich options. For me the more sesames the better, I get a dozen at a time. Worth going out of your way!!!Best bagels I have found in Philly. Love the everything and the chocolate chip muffins are delicious. The smoked salmon is amazing but expensive. I'm having the tuna today and it's great. Highly recommend and way cheaper than Wynnewood's Delancey and much better.This is not a refined place. It's a hole in the wall with sweet but straightforward staff and delicious, fresh bagels. Get there at dawn on weekends if you want anything, but during the week fresh bagels abound any type of day. The blueberry bagel is a special treat they have every so often and is my personal favorite. The bagels are chewy and tender and the cream cheese is really creamy and fresh. The bagels freeze well and they give you free freezer bags.Simply put, no one in the area makes a better bagel.  (I'm open to suggestions of other places to try.)
The onion bagel could do with more onion.  The bialies, well, let's just say they're not the real thing but are good unto themselves.
Go for the everythings.  And, ask about the whole grain evrythings.  You just might luck out.The only bagels I eat. Crispy on the outside, soft and chewy on the inside. And when the are fresh out of the oven/warm... Mmmm good! The tuna salad is the only premade one my family eats. The line on Sunday morning is cray cray. Try to go a different time.Possible the best bagels in the Philadelphia area. They are light and airy, cooked well and very tasty. My favorite is poppy seed. I find the everything bagels to be too salty. But everything else is pretty perfect in my opinion.We have tried all of the local places and this place makes the best bagels.    Fine selection, hand made from scratch on the premises. I admit I have not tried the muffins but they look great. Have tried some of the specialty bagels , excellent.
They also carry salads and spreads for bagels, make sadwiches, cater and all of those things. But I am stuck on the tuna.  The white fish is very good but the tuna is the best I have ever had.  The owner (Nick) makes it himself and I kid you not it is a great thing. Not that I am trying to create a run on an already finite supply.  
Service is good. The people that wait on you are always nice, and smart..  Customers are always nice also.  Sort of weird as I think about it how many times I have gotten into conversations with people in line that are just good people. 
Try this place.  Much better than the prefab bagel joints that are around us.
Place is on City Line and Haverford behind the McDonalds.  Parking in the lot is right in from of the place.Hands Down Best Bagel in Philly.!
Hot and Fresh Daily 
Great lox and whitefish salad.For a few years now, I've wanted to check out this place, even requesting coworkers coming from that direction to bring me bagels.  It's never happened, until I was in Bala Cynwyd early one morning, with an hour to kill.  Yelp told me that they opened at 6:30, but there weren't any hours posted on the door.  I arrived around 6:10 and the place was dark, but there were people inside.  No problem, I have time to kill, so I pop in the headphones and rock out for a bit.  A few minutes later, I noticed the lights come in and a few minutes after that I noticed an open sign.  I walked inside to the heavenly smell of fresh bagels.  I was promptly assisted, but I inquired if any other flavors were coming.  I opted to wait for the egg bagels to finish, but even if I didn't have time to kill, I'm sure I still would have waited for that.  
Once I ordered my baker's dozen of pretty much one of each, I left with the biggest smile on my face.  These things were huge.  Growing up, I was told a tale that the baker's dozen was an extra for the person delivering the food, by my grandfather who was a baker.  He would always tell me that when he was selling baked goods, children would be sent to get the family order and he'd give them their choice to eat on the walk home.  I've since learned that the baker's dozen really comes from medieval times of cheating customers, but this baker's dozen reminded me of my grandfather.  I had to eat on right away in the car, by myself, right away, while it's so hot, no toppings, just gluttony.  No regrets.  This bagel was cheery, tasty, and so puffy.  
Slowly, I became so sad, knowing my wife was going to toast these bagels when we got home.  You're only supposed to toast bad bagels in my opinion.  Wait are there bad bagels?  Sub-par maybe?  She's going to ruin this beautiful texture, because that's how she eats bagels and I have to stop her.  We can toast them tomorrow...
Well, she did want them toasted, but we didn't do that.  They were so good and even the next day they were still better than most, but we did toast them.  Made a nice breakfast sandwich, which was toasty on the outside, but so soft on the inside.  Very happy that I finally made it to this place.My husband went and grabbed a dozen bagels from here while he was waiting for me. The bagels had good flavor, they were crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. They were a pretty good size too. I don't know how my husband ate like 5 of them in like a 3 hour period, I ate 2 and was full. 
They just had all the basic flavors. I like getting a couple weird specialty flavors like French toast, pumpkin etc. but they didn't have anything like that here. The most interesting bagel I got here was Cinnamon raisin. I was hoping to at least get a blueberry but they didn't have it. There wasn't much cream cheese selection either. My husband said the options were either plain or strawberry cream cheese, so he got a tub of plain. Unless he was lying to me, cause he hates flavored cream cheese. 
Anyway the bagels were pretty good, but it's a no frills bagel place. My husband really enjoyed it. If we're ever in the area early in the morning again, I'm sure he will want to come by again.My favorite bagel in the city. Very chewy !! Just a couple Flavors and they run out early. Spreads are very good. Nice owners. I stop by every time I'm in the area.Yum, delicious! Didn't realize that I could access NY quality bagel outside of NY!! Their bagels have a nice shell with soft soft soft, chewy inside that's just absolute perfection. The best ones in terms of bagel texture has to be the egg and everything! So fluffy on the inside. Their cream cheese is also a must -- I tried the sun-dried tomato and vegetable, and sun-dried tomato was my favorite.absolutely terrific bagels. about every other month I randomly swing through here on a Sunday morning to grab a baker's dozen. it will set you back a decent penny that's why I only come occasionally but they are definitely good bagelsLegit bagels!!!!! I'll be a regular here for sure! They have all the spreads too. You can purchase to take home or het it on your bagel. The bagels are big, soft and comparable to NYC. Glad I found this place!These bagels are awesome - dare I say iconic (yes I've been to NY and had excellent bagels there) - and very affordable, with friendly staff. Place is only 10 minutes from my house yet I still treat it like a special occasion outing for some reason. Will have to go more often.Best bagels around, and closest thing you'll find in the area to an actual NY bagel. This is from someone raised on NY bagels, so I consider myself an expert on the subject. I always enjoy these!!wonderful! There is a bagel restaurant in my neighborhood where I can get traditional NY style bagels. The line was long, but worth  the wait. The bagels are freshly made on the premises and are delicious.....There are several different type of cream cheeses.  This place is truly a "to go"restaurant as there are only a few bar stools but no room to sit when there is a line.THANK GOODNESS FOR NEW YORK BAGEL BAKERY!
When we relocated to the Philly suburbs, we began our mission to find real bagels in the area. After finding many bagels that were just okay, and a lot that were comparable to Thomas' (NOT ACCEPTABLE!), we finally tried New York Bagel Bakery and were over the moon. They are the real deal! 
To note: They are closed on Saturdays and on very busy days they will not put cream cheese on for you- you'll need to buy it on the side. Do not let either of these things deter you- this is the best bagel you will find in the Philly area. 
Getting one of these still warm is the closest you'll get to heaven on City Ave. Soft and airy on the inside, crisp and chewy on the outside. These folks know that they are doing.
PLEASE DON'T CHANGE A THING GUYS! Thank you for bringing delicious bagels to all of us! You make these native Brooklynites very, very happy.Fantastic. The best bagels -- and chocolate chip muffins -- in Philly.With increased cost of bagels, you shouldn't get home to have burnt ones in your bag
DisappointedWas in town from Chicago and craving a good bagel. My friend stumbled upon this place on Yelp, and I'm so glad she did.
 She had a Lox bagel that was delicious. I had an everything bagel with Lox cream cheese that was equally good. The bagels were fresh and had just the right amount of crunch on the outside. The lox was great too. I would definitely be a regular if I lived in the area so that I could try all of the other things on the menu  (hello whitefish!).Best bagels around! Highly recommend an everything bagel with scallion cream cheese. That's my go to!Would never get catering from this place again. Bagels are fine, but they overcharged us and under delivered. Food they said would feed ten people wouldn't cover four, they were excessively rude, and you could get twice as much food for half the price elsewhere. Do not make our mistake!The BEST bagels. Period. Excellent texture. Worth going out of your way for! Our favorite, hands down, is the everything bagel. Plenty of delicious "everything" seeds/spices on each one. Nick really knows how to make bagels!Although they make a good bagel they do not always have most popular ones available 
Today for example no pumpernickel, marble or whole-wheat 
Asked for 6 everything today 
Got home had 5 but charged for 6 (my bad) should of counted
2 of them burnt 
Buyer's Beware watch them
Not the best attitudeEasily the best fresh bagels in the area. Crispy on the outside with a nice chewy but not overly dense center.I discovered this bagel shop about a year ago. It is a no frills don't expect a lot bagel shop. They do what they need to do really well...make a really good bagel. They also bake, sell and close. That simple, so after a certain time in the afternoon you can be sure that they may actually be sold out. I get the same thing most times I visit, an everything bagel and whitefish salad. They make all of their spreads in house and the whitefish salad is my absolute favorite. I have also had the egg and plain bagel from here which are really good as well. The prices are reasonable and the gentleman and ladies at the counter are always helpful. I am also happy that now they take debit cards. From what I see they also do catering trays if you call ahead.It started with a phone call. I was having a crappy day and I was driving around the parking lot of the Wynnewood Shopping Center in hopes of hitting Delancey because all I wanted was a bagel for lunch. There was absolutely nowhere to park and I was about to admit defeat when something told me to check the Yelp app to see what other options were in the area for bagels, the top search result with New York Bagel Bakery with a whopping 4.5 star rating and a quick call told me that they were open for business. Over I drove wondering along the way whether or not I had made a good decision, in the past all bagel searches have left me with the thought that Philadelphian's wouldn't know a good bagel if it fell in their lap...most turn out to be doughy rolls with holes in the middle and for some reason the common argument is that the good bagels are made with "New York water"...excuses excuses.
Parking was easy enough around 1:00 on a weekday, the place was empty except for Nick, and ordering my lox spread on an everything bagel was a breeze. I told him that I was on a neverending quest to find a bagel that stands up to my beloved baked good of Glen Rock, telling him that I was from North Jersey only to find out that he had lived in Paterson for some time just across the Passaic River from my hometown. A brief side conversation had Nick asking if I wanted my bagel toasted, to which I replied "if you're the real deal then it shouldn't be toasted", he just smiled. He handed the sandwich to me and said "no charge, after today you won't need to freeze those New Jersey bagels of yours". It turns out he was right, I got back to my office opened up the bagel and could immediately tell that it was more than a roll with a hole in the middle. All of those myths that the only good bagels come from New York because of their tap water? Totally debunked. A crisp coating on a soft bagel covered in poppy seeds, sesame seeds, onion, and salt gave way to a delicious lox spread; this bagel needed no toasting at all. 
It's funny how the little things like meeting a bagel baker from North Jersey can turn your day around, but sometimes it's just those little things like a taste of home and a kind smile that turn out to mean so much. I can't promise that I won't still bring Glen Rock bagels back to Philadelphia after a weekend visit home, but I can promise that I will be back to NYBB much sooner rather than later.These are some of the softest, tastiest bagels I've had. They are quite delicious. The prices are a little higher than I'm used to, but I guess you can charge a premium for being one of the only bagel shops in the area. I got a bagel and cream cheese which I thoroughly enjoyed. They do not have a large selection of bagels and they don't offer breakfast sandwiches per se, but if you are willing to overlook that or you just want a good bagel, give this place a try.Amazing bagels. The best. Nothing better. These bagels are superior to all other bagels. Always amazing. Never had any complaints. This places has bagels so good I would bathe in them if I could. 10/10 wouldThe BEST bagel for the buck, and the h.s.  girls behind the counter are all cheerful and efficient, especially at 7 a.m. on a Sunday, when they'd probably rather be sleeping in!The best bagels in Philly! We first got these bagels on our wedding morning and they were so fresh. They are reasonably priced and the staff are extremely friendly. We recommend the everything and the salt bagels.They're definitely in the "might be as good as anything in New York" conversation. 
They hit all the texture notes for me. Crusty, chewy, just a little sweet. 
This isn't a chain bagel. You can tell they know what they're doing.As a New Yorker born and raised from the Bronx, this spot has earned its right to have New York in its bagel title. All these other NY bagel spots are phony, this location is where it's at. This spot hands down has the best bagels on this side of the Schuylkill. 
People line up in droves on the weekends to get their hands on these bagels. Every single bagel is homemade, fresh,and plump. The crispness is just right and the bagels really shine when you have lox with them. If your lucky you can get your hands on some of the everything bagel sticks. The bagel sticks dipped in their cream cheese is FUEGO. I come here damn near every morning or every other morning. I apologized to the owner for going to Delancey on a Saturday. I never made that mistake again.
Heads up that they are closed on Saturdays. It's mostly cash unless you plan to spend 20 bucks (which I recommend, just freeze the bagels to preserve them).Seriously, the best bagels in Philadelphia, hands down.   New York Bagel Bakery has been in business for a very long time.  As in, back when I was a teenager I remember getting bagels there.   There's a reason for that: They do one thing, and they do it exceptionally and consistently well.  
This is a bagel bakery, plain and simple.  There's a counter, racks with many varieties of bagels & some muffins, a refrigerated cooler with varieties of cream cheese.  A robust community bulletin board. Behind the counter and racks, the baking operation.    No cakes, pies, cookies, donuts.  The only wedding cake you're getting here is one made of bagels...which isn't a bad idea.  
Insider tip: If you're someone who likes to toast their bagels, and/or you eat them fast, check out the day-old bagels, bagged on a front shelf for you to select from.  Half dozen for $1.50 and they are very good.  
Bakery is open 6 days a week - closed on Saturdays - starting at 6:30 AM.   They're tucked into an old strip center behind the McDonald's on Haverford Ave at City Line Ave.  Center has a very visible entrance on Haverford and a slightly more hidden but marked entrance on City Line - in between office type buildings.  Easy free parking in their lot.It's all about the bagels.  They have the real New York flavor.  Traditional varieties only- no cheddar jalapeño or asiago kiwi here.  Gives the place a feel of purity.This is absolutely the best bagel place I have ever been to. Like by far. The guy who runs it, Nick, is a really nice guy. 
But honestly these bagels speak for themselves. Yes there is a long wait during peak times. Yes he may run out of certain things. Yes he doesn't always have muffins. But these bagels are soooo much better than anything else in the Philadelphia that it's absolutely worth it. Also the muffins are amazing too. If u have not been then this is a 100% must go and be patient. He is a small business and quality is the driver here not speed.Scenario: You want the best bagels.
Go to New York bagels. 
I have been eating bagels here and enjoying them for well over thirty years ... as long as I can remember. 
Hadn't gone here to get bagels for a bunch Of years. This past Yom Kippur when it was time to break the fast I decided that we had to have real bagels again with our lox and nova. So I went into the memory banks and dug out New York Bagels. 
I picked up a bakers dozen here and some quality lox down the street.  When the family dug in at sundown, everyone was unanimous....these are just the best bagels there are. Authentic real perfect bagels. No one else around holds a candle to this standard. You wouldn't think it's that important to get a great bagel, but you would be wrong. 
I have decided from here forward that the tradition has been re-instated. When there are bagels in the mix they will be from here and no where else.
Remember to come in early, as they may run out of your flavor and they make them fresh same day.  When they are out, they are out.