Their food and service are great, the place is clean but I wish that they make some improvments to the decoration I think that  will be a big step forward for this wonderful place.So... the food is still admittedly super tasty, but from coming here weekly for a few months straight, I've learned that the people here sometimes aren't very nice. They technically take credit cards, but the owner flips a shit when you try to use them.... really? If you don't want to take credit cards, don't accept them! Don't give me an attitude and charge me double the tax (yes, they charged us an extra 8% on top of the tax, and I'll be damned if Visa and Mastercard charge merchants that much) for using one. The extra credit card charge is completely arbitrary and varies based on the owner's mood. 
Also, they used to actively offer us free cans of soda with our meal as a student special, but at some point changed their policy to Drexel students only (or something). The last couple times we asked if we got free sodas and said we were Penn students (because he asked, we're not that pretentious), the owner kind of grunted ambiguously and didn't give us a straight answer, but later charged us. If you change your policy, fine, but just be up front about it. We weren't acting entitled or rude in any way, so there's no need to be like that. 
I used to think the owner was pretty nice, but sometimes he can be downright unpleasant. I'd give them one or two stars but the food is just too damn good.I'm a regular customer here and can honestly say that I'm happy to be. They respect you and your food. The restaurant is clean, the bathroom even cleaner. I always get lamb over rice, the lamb is always cooked nice and the rice is perfection. The customer service is great, they make sure they fulfill your order without having any bad attitudes or mistakes!Ordered through seamless, got the falafel rice meal. Great array of veggies: lettuce, tomato, cucumber, carrots,cabbage, black olives, etc. seems very fresh and not greasy. White and hot sauce came on the side, good amounts of each. Hot sauce is hot but not over bearing. Falafel was crisp and rice was tasty. Would order again. (I asked for extra veggies and a little less rice, the ratio is perfect for me) got 6 average size falafelsSo cheap and tasty. I've tried maybe half the things on the menu and haven't been disappointed once. 
The shawarma with extra white sauce... sooo good!Cheap and good.  I got a lamb tikka on pita, and it was very flavorful, although a little on the dry side.  The pita was soft and chewy, and the tahini was very good.  I am still loyal to Meze but this is a decent option for kabobs downtown (only $6 for a pita!).  I'll be back to try the chicken next time.There are a lot of Middle eastern/afghani eateries in Philly especially near New York Gyro but this place is by far THE BEST!!
*very clean restaurant and food
*tasty food
*generous portions
*very good price
*nice workersI've been to this place a bunch of times in the past few years, and I'll give them three "stars" because they've been consistently decent.  
I've only ever done take-out, mostly because I don't have time to stay in, but also because the seats in the booths are not "all there."  If you lean back, the person behind you will know.  So will the seat-back, for it might not be there tomorrow.
Generally, my order is one chicken kofta and one beef kofta over rice with hot sauce, and french fries.  It comes with a small salad, and is filling enough.  The one time I ordered a gyro it came with a free bottle of water, so make sure to grab one from the fridge to the left of the register.
As for the service, it's not terribly fast, but I haven't heard a microwave beep (yet) either, so that works.I've only had the lamb shawarma with rice and salad but it was great! Full of flavor and huge proportions for a great price! The sauces were excellent! Love their hot sauce! Perfect heat level with a lot of flavor!Not bad and opens till 11pm which is cool for ppl hunting for food and working till midnightGreat gyros for under ten bucks
They usually close at 11 but I why there near midnight on a busy Friday night for them.Gyro/Halal joint that is similar to the food carts; note the inside is pretty simple with some booths and benches. Open late if you are craving some Middle Eastern/Afghani food:  chicken schwarma, lamb kofta, etc. I prefer to eat in rather than take out (food always seems to taste better). They give you like 3 bottles of sauces with your meal:  white, green, and red. Mix and match to your taste.Got the #5 everyone was raving about and I believe the hype is worth it. The food was extremely fresh. Loved the chili and tahini sauce that came with it. The chicken was a lil tough though...One of the best halal spots in the city, and at a great price too! Good people workin there too.That place has great food, no matter what you get and the price is fair!!!! I highly recommend spicy chicken over rice!!!Lamb over rice here is incredible, the best I have had in the city. I will be visiting this fine establishment frequently!The best dish we had was the gyro platter. Although the restaurant is on the small side, the food quality is good, especially for the price.I've lived in the middle east before and nothing taste authentic than this.
I honestly love this place! Although the menu is a little Americanized (having side of fries, serving halal style cheese steaks, etc.), the flavor sure tastes similar to the flavors in the middle east. My parents love their Shawarma! and they've eaten Shawarma for a really really long time. Especially, after living in the middle east for 2.5 years or so, lets just say they are veterans at this thing. But when i brought them home Shawarma from this place, they honestly loved it! They said that it was delicious and they want me to bring them home some every time i stop by here! haha. 
I love this place because its really delicious! Not only that, but they also take to-go orders! Which is really convenient if you're trying to get something quick (you can just call ahead of time, like pizza!)  
I usually order the lamb tikka and the chicken tikka. I'm not a fan of the salad so I usually tell them without. The meals go really well with their cucumber sauce and hot sauce. If you're a fan of Halal food, i recommend you giving this place a shot because you won't leave hungry! The amount of rice and meat is well balanced. Not too much meat or too much rice! 
Aside from giving this place a 5 star for its flavors. I would give the environment a 2. Lets just say that it just feels unwelcoming and the furniture is deteriorating.   I've eaten in before and its kind of difficult to eat when most of the tables are wobbling and the seats have duct tape on the holes. 
If you want to eat comfortably, just get it to go and call it a day!Mainly posting this reivew to make people aware of just one thing and one thing only: the philly cheesesteak here is BAD. Very, very bad. The meat is tasteless, the bulk of the sandwich is mayo/cheese, and the bread is soft with no bite to it. The fries it comes with are very average. I'm still giving it 4 stars because I think that the rest of the food looked a LOT better, so I think it's partially my fault for choosing something that they probably are not known for. But I still wanted to post this just to make sure others were aware and didn't make the same mistake.Great halal options.  Definitely try chicken cutlet sandwich and the chappli kabobs.  The kabobs bring back memories of peshawar. Their cheeseburger is pretty good as well.Wow wow wow, awesome food!! Went there last night before a party and the food was amazing. They give you a lot of great food for a good cheap price! The chicken was amazing and the rice is seasoned so well. Only con is that it's a bit in the ghetto but you don't mind that this spot is perfect!This place is great - delicious food, steps from my apartment. I've had the chicken shwarma a few times. Staff is friendly, accommodating...but soooo slow! Worth the wait, but if you're in a rush, check out Al-Khartoum next door.This is our Go-to gyro place when we're in Philly. Tasty authentic food, big portions and very reasonable prices. Owner is super friendly as well. I have tried almost everything on the menu and was never let down. My favs are Lamb shawerma & chicken tikka.Ever since I had my first chicken and rice experience in NYC, I've been wanting more.  It was fate that I came across New York Gyro Place on Yelp. Unlike the gyro/Halal food carts located in/near Center city, this place is open late which is convenient for people like me who live in a suburb and can't make it to the city during lunch hours on Mon-Fri. 
The name was promising, the reviews were good, so I decided that this was the place that would cure my craving... I ordered #14 Chicken Shawarma w/ Rice and Salad. At $7.00 it's only a tad more than the Halal cart in NYC, and while it doesn't come with pita, it sure hit the spot. The chicken was well-seasoned and cooked just right, it wasn't moist nor dry. The dish could be eaten left alone, but I like sauce, and this place serves 5 types of sauces: 1. White (cucumber) sauce 2. Tahini (Sesame seed), 3. Yogurt/Raitha 4. Green sauce (chutney) 5. Hot (Chili) sauce. I added sauces #1,4 and 5 to my chicken shawarma and rice for an extra kick of spices, making every bite all the more flavorful.
I also tried a few bites of #5 Lamb and Chicken Tikka, and Beef Kufta over rice. Both dishes were good, but I like my chicken shawarma too much to order anything else. 
In comparison to the chicken and rice I had in NYC, this place comes pretty close. It's almost as reasonable, and the serving size is comparable, BUT the hot sauce is not nearly as spicy. I'd give this place 4.5 stars and round it to 5 because it's sooo close, and much more convenient than a trip to NY.Love love love NY GYRO! I always get chicken over rice extra saucy it's so fresh and seasoned compared to a lot of the pop up carts. The people are friendly and a great thing is that they stay open late which is always good. You also get good portions your money! Always leave here satisfied!Tony Stark: "Have you ever tried shawarma?  There's a shawarma joint about two blocks from here. I don't know what it is, but I want to try it."  (From The Avengers.)
Even before I heard that line last night, I've been craving Mamoun's (http://www.yelp.com/biz/mamouns-falafel-new-york-2) shawarma for a couple weeks, but haven't had a chance to get upto to NYC for it (the BEST shawarma outside the Middle East).  With that line in the movie.... The Shawarma-Craving Hulk within me was released and I was on a mission.  I had half a mind to drive 100 miles for my desire.  Instead, I decided to hit up the shawarma truck at 20th & Market for lunch today... to discover they weren't there today!!!  D'oh!  
I called upon Yelp to find me a shawarma joint.  And came upon New York Gyro Place.  If you want a shawarma, get #15 (for lamb) or #14 (for chicken).  You can even ask for them to mix the two up, if you can't decide.  It ain't Mamouns, but I'll never go back to the truck.  Not that it matters - if I understood correctly, the truck and the store are owned by the same people.  So for now, I've found my shawarma fix between Mamoun visits.Great cheap food. Friendly owner with great service. I had the chicken gyro which was good. Very reasonable prices.Very good spot for a quick bite to eat! The cook was friendly and the food hit the spot. My sister and I got the chicken tikka on rice and our father got the philly cheese steak. All yummy!hate to give a 2-star review to a place thats clean with fast and friendly staff but the food just wasnt that great. i was riding by and on a whim decided i had a taste for a gyro. i actually parked the car, grabbed my phone and pulled this place up on yelp to check the reviews and when i saw mostly positive reviews i figured i couldnt go wrong. the place is small and quiet. it was only staffed by two gentlemen when i walked in. it appeared to be clean as well. i was greeted by an older gentleman who promptly took my order. the food was ready fast and neat. my only real complaint about my gyros is that they were flavorless. they were neatly packed and wrapped and had all the normal toppings but the meat had virtually no flavor at all. the greatest thing about gyros is that perfectly seasoned lamb which these gyros were definitely lacking. i really really wanted to like this place. i think ill go back and try some other things from the menu before i count them out. will update review when that happens but for now, 2-stars only.Enjoyed the food and service, the owner was very kind and the prices were good for the food given.
Ordered philly cheese steaks, they were hot and tasty. Would come back here again next time I'm in Philly!One of my favorite places in Philly. Delicious food, large portions, and they're opened late. Nothing beats being able to get chicken tikka late at night!The gyro is extremely good, one should try it. Hygienic and tasty. Always enjoyed eating. For gyro lovers it is a good place to go.This is amazing food! The place is clean and the owner is nice. The Gyro reminded me of the ones in AC! The only reason why I am giving them 3 stars is because they first said they would deliver to us and then called us back and had and said no and had the audacity to say they will send it in a cab for another $25!! Who does that?I go about once a week. The #5 (lamb, chicken, beef platter) is phenomenal and you can't beat the $9 price tag. My only issue is with their whole credit card policy. Before they would take credit card, but reluctantly. I understand it may be eating into your margins, but it was a bit abrasive. Then he outlawed the use of credit cards altogether. Wow really? I mean, I'll still show up ... but it prevents them from being a 5-star rating, in my opinion.I always order the #5 and every time i eat it the flavors burst into my mouth. The meats are very well cooked and the sauces on the side are just right every time. i always tend to call ahead since the food takes time to cook (so worth the wait) and its ready when i arrive. The food is awesome and the staff is "kinda" nice. I have found my "perfect" rice platter.There are a couple of food carts that go by the same name near my job. I've always enjoyed the $5 chicken and rice with a free soda. This store front is close to my home and I always assumed it was the same owners as the cart. And, maybe it is.
Anyway, I decided to check it out. And, it was pretty good. This is the type of cheap meal you feel good about. It gets 4 stars not because it's some fancy classy restaurant that blows my mind away. It gets 4 stars for the value. No one drops under $10 for a meal and expects America's Top Chefs to be dueling it out for your taste buds.
Anyway, the chicken, kofka, rice, fries, and burger were all pretty decent. And, the price is right. It's better than your typical fast food joint, so you feel a little better about going on the cheap.
I will certainly be back.They have stepped their game up.
If you're looking for kebabs in West Philly you can safely eat here (safe in terms of the stomach)We had a terrible experience here! 
We wanted to check out this late night spot because it looked delicious and was always pretty packed. We arrived around 10:45pm, empty spots available to sit down and eat in house, so we ordered up front, sat and waited. We ended up waiting for 30 minutes before I got up an asked about our order, to be met with a confused look. They totally forgot about our order, which was an honest mistake, and promised it would be out ASAP. When the order did come out (15 minutes later on top of the 30 we already waited) the order was totally wrong! When we let him know that wasn't what we ordered (we told him twice the number of the order listed on the menu board) he got angry and walked away, and threw our food on the floor in the back. At that point, we started to get up to leave, annoyed and hungry, he started yelling at us to "get out! Leave!" And told us we were wrong and didn't know what we ordered! It was so ridiculous, between forgetting the order entirely, messing it up and the hostile customer service, we won't be coming back.
Sucks because the food looked really good, but I'm not dealing with an aggressive owner.You know what? The food here is pretty good, portions are generous, and it's relatively cheap. 
Lamb chops with rice and salad for $8? Yes, please. (The chicken kebab is tasty, too.) 
Plus, the place was packed with desis when we went, so it must be authentic.Great food and service at extremely reasonable prices! My husband and I ordered chicken gyro, it came piping hot with a large side of delicious fries!!If you ever had chicken and rice from NY (53rd and 6th) then you'll love this place.  I always get the shwarma platter with extra white sauce, it is very good.  My wife gets the lamb chops and absolutely loves them.  I highly recommend this place, it is cheap and it is delicious.Absolutely delicious! I had one of the best lamb gyros I have ever had. Moist,perfectly cooked pieces of lamb,crispy,fresh veggies and a slathering of cucumber sauce to add the last bit of ummph to an already perfect bite. To top it all off,it came with fries and a drink for a lil over 6 bucks. I'll have to try some of the other items I'm not familiar with in the near future.I'm sorry to say that this place is sort of run of the mill.  I would compare it to the cookie cutter Chinese take-out restaurants you find across the country.  The food was fine, nothing special.  It tasted like it should, but you know it's unhealthy.  All takeout comes in Styrofoam which is awful for the environment. Everything comes with fries and a soda which is terrible for everyone's health.  The biggest redeeming value was their great hot sauce.  It was not blazing hot, but obviously home-mixed and contained a bunch of special spices.  I could easily pick out cummin.  This however was offset by the 20 minutes I had to wait for my food.  A guy that came in when I got my food waited less than 8 minutes.  Next time I'd try the more authentic looking restaurants on the same block.Well, we were craving Saad's and found out the hard way they aren't open on Sundays. So we turned to yelp to help us find where else we could get our fix. 
Saw nearby was New York Gyro Place. Called and they said they were open. Score. Very friendly over the phone and said the order would e ready in 10-15 min. 
Perfect. Enough time to walk over there and pick it up. Only problem wha when I got there, I saw what else was on the menu an ordered a #5 which was gonna take a little longer. No prob. Worth the wait. 
Lamb shawarma was really good. The pita was chewy, the lamb flavorful, and tiny surprise, it was chopped up in bite size pieces. Also inside he PTA we found chickpeas which were soft and surprisingly felt like they fit in nicely. 
The beef cheesesteak was good, but my wife insists that Saad's is still better. But for $6, u get a soda and fries? Even f Saad's tastes a little better, u won't find a better value!
And finally the infamous #5 which made me get home later than expected. We were so stuffed with the cheesesteak and lamb shawarma that we could only pick at this order. The chicken tikka was really quite good. I have to agree with Lo L. that the meat itself was not dry but not super moist either. The flavor was good and it worked well with the hot sauce and chutney. The lamb tikka was unfortunately dry and tough, and that really is my only complaint. The beef kufta was pretty good too. 
It's good to know that there are alternative options to Saad's on Sundays, but is NY Gyro place good enough to win u over retest of the week? Only time will tell.This place was recommend to me by a friend. I have always passed by this place. For the first time today I entered in and was not disappointed. They had a huge menu of American fast food and middle eastern food. I ordered the chicken kabob over rice it was well grilled and cooked and seasoned it came with a salad and pita bread. House made they make special sauces white sauce, mild sauce, and hot sauce. The white sauce tasted good and paired quite well with the pita bread, chicken, and rice. I also ordered a Snapple drink. They have a huge fridge stocked with water, Snapples, sodas, and a lot of other juices. Huge food selection on the menu, nice grill, and shawarma machine. One of the top middle eastern places in West Philadelphia. I will definitely visit and try again.
The owner is very friendly and welcoming. He really has a love for food and explains the food at New York Gyro is special. Amazing food, fabulous service, authentic, and fresh.I ordered the Cheeseburger, Lamb Gyro, and Hot Wings. The Lamb Gyro was amazing, one of the best I've ever had, and it was completely stuffed. Though I was not impressed by the cheeseburger nor the hot wings. The cheeseburger patty is smaller than $1 hamburger at McDonalds, and the hot wings are just fried chicken wings with a curry like taste to the batter. If I were to come back, I would stick to the authentic dishes rather than ordering western inspired dishes like I did on this trip. Also xfinitywifi hotspot is present and has great signal within the restaurant if you are an xfinity customer.Better than truck gyro platter. Owner is super nice and friendly. You can ask them to make it spicy if you want. Give them a try. It's good food. Also price is very reasonable.Finally tried this place after driving by here multiple
times. Ordered the chicken tikka platter for myself, lamb gyro sandwich for my husband, and chicken nuggets for my daughter. The service was fast and food was very fresh. The dishes themselves tasted so good and definitely hit a spot that places like The Halal Guys can't anymore (for me personally). Prices are very reasonable and there is a ton of variety to order from. We will be back for sure.We were up in Philly today and went looking for a good place to eat. Felt like halal chicken over rice and yelp reviews led us here. The place is small but cosy. Not in the best of neighborhoods but the management has kept the place neat and organized. There are over 25 different combos on the menu, at an average cost of $8. I had the gyro with rice, the wife had lamb and chicken tikka combo. Our kids had a cheesesteak and gyro sandwich. We got 4 drinks and a serving of fries (no breakfast and a drive from Fairfax, va!).
The food was absolutely phenomenal. Very fresh and the servings were HUGE. All told, we spent $32 and took 3 boxes of leftovers home. There were endless supplies of red, white, and green sauce.
The owner was super nice and even custom made my son's cheesesteak. You will not be disappointed with the quality, quantity or price!I tired this place across the street from me because I've had my eyes on it for a while. I got the chicken Kefta and chicken kebab platter for less than $8 so prices are super reasonable. I asked for half salad and half rice. When I left they owner came out and asked me to come back in because he forgot to make it half salad. I thought was very nice of him that he wanted to fix the order instead of letting it go.  I would've been totally fine without half salad but he was nice enough to make it right. The food was absolutely amazing. The portion is generous and it's delicious. I will be coming back a lot.I tried this place with few friends. The service is good. Food was ok as food carts. Food carts are cheaper and fast.This place has great food, condiments, service and also the price is reasonable. Very generous portions I'd recommend it to anyone!This place is fantastic, service is great, and much quicker than most of the other similar spots in the area.  
Love their grilled chicken w/ pickled veggie salad for a nice low carb option, and their Chicken and Lamb Tikka are very well marinated and delicious!   Make sure you grab the red and white sauces if you're getting it to go.   Can't wait to try more!Great spot for halal food. Food takes time to prepare but that's because it's always so fresh and delicious. The kabobs are great... some of the best! I would also recommend the fish. Any of these with the green sauce would make the perfect meal!This place normally is good but I don't know if they're under new management or some thing but it tasted terrible, borderline inedible. Are usually get the chicken kufta with the rice and vegetables and it was so bad. The rice was bland af and the chicken was extremely salty to the point that I couldn't eat it.Uber eats came through with this gem! My husband and I were starving and I decided that I wanted some chicken and rice. Upon searching through some disastrous restaurants, my eyes lit up for this restaurant. I was hoping the chicken and rice with the magic white sauce would be as good as the New York Gyro halal food truck down Market street. They're my favorite. 
My husband got the lamb tikka with rice and white sauce and I got the chicken tikka with rice and white sauce. Extra white sauce on the side. Oh. My. Goodness. I could of took a bath in the white sauce, that's how delicious this white sauce is. The Tikka's had some delicious, tender meat with onions and peppers.. even the salad made me smile. And if you know me, you know lettuce and I don't get along.. we're just not compatible. This salad could of definitely been my second husband. The white sauce just added into the deliciousness. That warm pita bread just melted my heart. I thought that I was cheating. Just all around scrumptious! 
Just thinking about this place has me wanting to run to eat their again. Seriously, go. If you love your life and food, you have to eat here. Sell your home, sell your car, quit your job, JUST EAT HERE.Gross. The lamb was cut into little chunks now sliced from the huge thing I forget what it's called but either way I didn't get that. The tzakiki(?) sauce was disgusting it was not good at all. The fries were old. Just throw the whole place away.Definitely the best gyro I've had in Philadelphia. Burgers and cheesesteaks are good as well. Really good for dining in or take-out, since the portions are pretty generous. Friendly staff as well. Would recommend.This place ain't much to look at but damn the food is good. I really enjoyed both the chicken and lamb kababs. Make sure to go for the green chutney, not the red hot sauce. Really hits the spot!This was my first time ever trying a gyro and I was not disappointed! I had mine with lamb and fries and was amazed at how everything was made fresh as soon as you order. The flavors were 10/10, make sure you get the white sauce AND the red sauce on your gyro!Used to go to the previous restaurant housed at this address and had to try this food establishment. It's delicious, economical and they have a big menu. The owners are really nice. They have a good variety :platters with rice and salad, sandwiches, kabobs on pita, kids menu fast food and several vegetarian items. I have had Chicken Tikka/Kufta with rice, Chicken Shawarma sandwich and falafel here. All are really good.
Each time I have gone, I have tried something different. They give you several choices of  5 sauces. (tahini, yogurt, hot, chutney and cucumber)
Pakinstani/Middle Eastern/Halal is how I would describe the food. 
Store Hours : 7 Days a week
Monday - Thursday: 11am - 11pm
Friday - Sunday : 11am - 12 MidnightThis is a good spot for tender, juicy and delicious Chicken Shawarma on a warm pita bread.
Always fresh food.
Always fast service.
Always friendly staff.
Four Yelps.Okay, so apparently I'm the asshole because I made fun of the marketing.  This "Place" restaurant is located in West Philadelphia, but has a picture of Times Square splashed around the counter, and their mascot is a cooked gyro log wearing a king's crown.  HOWEVER.  The the entire meal was tender and perfectly seasoned--I have never before frenziedly eaten rice.  They bring your order to you with squeeze bottles of all the sauces that you might want (to crown!) on your gryo, kofta or tikka.This place normally is good but I don't know if they're under new management or some thing but it tasted terrible, borderline inedible. Are usually get the chicken kufta with the rice and vegetables and it was so bad. The rice was bland af and the chicken was extremely salty To the point that I couldn't eat itI was on my way to one of those street Gyro places when I saw this one, looked it up and went inside. 
The guy behind the counter was very very nice and made my order hot and fresh. I got a chicken gyro, fries, and soda, all for only 8 dollars! Definitely try this place!Delicious. It's right nearby and super well priced so I go there all the time.
Highly recommended.Even though it's open till 11:30 PM, I was told that there were only 2 items left when I reached before 11 PM on a Saturday night. I got both of them since I was starving after a 2 hour drive, and decided never to come back here again because their hospitality seemed lacking (-1 star for first impression)
But. 
The fish over rice was mind blowing - it was a batter fried fish marinated in spices, which I will need to have again. I got a side of 2 falafels and they were extremely delicious as well. 5 stars for the flavor. I'll probably come here again, we'll within hours to try more of their menu. Nothing much to write about ambience here, pretty dirty tables and sticky sauce bottles (love the green sauce though). You'll thank yourself for carrying a hand sanitizer.
Given that I'm moving to Philly, I probably should have a list of late night joints ready - any recommendations?This place is okay. Food was just average but the prices were cheap. I'm sure you can do better. Went here because Saad's was closed, but Saad's definitely is better.