Terrible customer service and even worse delivery service. Never use this place. Just trying to help you out...Updated review: still a cry baby business with a butt hurt persona. Dear God don't even write anything negative or you'll be a hater. Hate on what? Shittttty food, shittty service, and shittttty weaklings that runs the place who can't take criticism. Sometimes it's best to just take what's written and change what people are not happy about, instead calling people name for people being honest that they are simply unhappy with your service. Now I understand if it's 1 or 2 reviews but it seems others are on the same page with the attitude of this establishment is highly unprofessional. Considering it running by "men"? Well.... "Man up! Pull your skirt up, stop crying over review just because your puuuuussy hurt" Jesus I feel bad for George busting his butt and Wei running his mouth destroying the business. You are seriously arguing  with people for their opinions. In all honesty I totally forgot about this place until I receive a notification which is comical. Here let me help you with some business: "everyone who's reading this, please order from this place, I dare you to write a review less than 5 stars, and I kid you not it's more entertaining than watching a live comedy at Helium."  sad truly sad.Rude just rude. Hangs up on you if you make a complaint criticism. His favorite line is "you are banned" okay Donald trump from ordering. ... please There's a million places to order from. They will call back and Harrass you. Look at all the responses on yelp. They are like children that can't take criticism. Let me tell you, fries are soggy. Pizza is dried. Garlic chicken wings have no taste. Terrible just terrible. Never again.The food was mediocre all orders of my fries were soggy.....Ordered over 100.00 worth of food. Threw in a 22.00 tip hoping that maybe my order would be right but nope..... I was missing items, gave the store a call to let them know....they said they would text me and to reply with a picture of my receipt which I did. Never heard back from them, did not receive the rest of my order or a refund.....Bad Business!I generally dislike Grubhub culture and try to avoid delivery, but sometimes late at night on my days off, I can go for a greasy low brow late night cheesesteak delivery.  
First impression, the food here is expensive!  I guess it's because it's the only place open this late. 
The delivery driver pulls up and doesn't even get out of his car.  He makes me come out and grab it from him while he's still sitting in his car.  I thought that was especially rude considering I had tipped 15% and they also collected a delivery fee on top of that.  
I can forgive that.  If the food rules, the delivery driver is less of a concern.  Wrong.  The "chicken wings" were just just chicken wings barely fried or cooked.  Just slimey chicken skin in a NASTY BBQ sauce.  They did not taste fresh.  I couldn't stomach one.  
There was a weird taste with the cheesesteak as well - barely any cheese - fried onions still very crunchy.  Very liquidy.  Nothing tasted fresh.  Just overall bad.  I could've gotten a better cheesesteak at the deli down the street.  I ate about a quarter of it and I was so grossed out I couldn't finish it.  
Grubhub had prompted me to write a brief review of the place and I had written an abridged version of what I had just wrote above.  A few days later, I get a text from the business saying that they aren't accepting business from me anymore because of my review and that my review was "total garbage and fake" as they put it in the text.  
I would not have ever ordered anything from them ever again based on the food, but the text banning me from their services was really over the top and they should be ashamed of themselves for their food and service.  That text prompted me to write this, so others understand this place is to be avoided.  
I suspect the glowing 5 star review from Roman V is a total fake actually by how it is written and how drastically different it is from the rest.  
Never again.  Not under any circumstances will I order from this place again.For as much money as I spend on my order, I'd expect a little more food. I spent over 7 dollars on fries and was given a small box barely filled with minimal things on top, the tiniest pizza rolls I've ever seen, and small mac and cheese fried wedges for a price that I would've expected a lot more from. I know that ordering for delivery is always a gamble, but this place doesn't have a very big menu and doesn't give portions that will satisfy a party. I really wish restaurants wouldn't try to earn money by giving delivery orders a less-than-suitable amount of food. Can't you just be fair?I absolutely love this place. I work nightshift at a nearby hospital and this place always saves my night when I realize I forgot to bring my meal. The Night Owl's food is always delicious and the delivery drivers are always on time and super friendly. This is my go to spot now in the middle of the night. If you're on the fence, just place the order. I trust that this place won't disappoint you!Ordered food when we got home at 2:15 am. Food came at 5. 5!!!! I know it was late, but come on. On top of that, the food was freezing cold and disgusting. Don't ever eat here, ever. Downright sickening.Will take your money and not process your order. Spent 30 minutes on the phone with the "supervisor" who could not explain to me why my order could not be delivered or processed, even though my card was charged. DO NOT DO BUSINESS WITH NIGHT OWL.
As a side note: I have ordered from this place very frequently for over a year and reached out to them trying to fix an issue with the processing on their site for ordering VS. Grubhub and get treated like trash. No thanks. Bad business.
Editing my review since I can not officially respond to the comment the business owner left:
1. I left the review so you would lose revenue.
2. I feel bad for any employee you have, because if you talk to guests this way, I can only assume you're worse to your employees. I hope they find new jobs. (Feel free to reach out to me if you are one of those employees looking for another job in the industry.)
3. I can and will not support a business that is rude, incompetent and will communicate with half respect to their guests (which is why I gave you a bad review in the first place). 
Once again, don't waste you money. They may get your order right the first few times but when they mess up and are as disrespectful to you as they were to me, you'll be right here on yelp making sure people don't spend their money here. :)Night Owls is one of the few options in Philly delivering food all night long. What sets them apart from other places is the clear menu, quality ingredients, and food customizable to your taste and health requirements.
The delivery was faster than expected, and we are on the other side of town. The food arrived steaming hot and was enjoyed by everyone. The seafood pizza with shrimp and real crab meat was to die for. The fries were crisp and light. The cheese steak was very delicious and prepared exactly as we requested. 
We highly recommend Night Owls for your late night cravings.I am never up at midnight but because of the Villanova game i was out late. We ordered from Night Owl and I have to say their cheesesteaks and pizza are the best! I thought I had my favorites in the city but after trying Night Owl i have changed my mind. I may have to  stay up late one night just to order again.We flew in late and got to the hotel totally fried, almost midnight. We got our food in under half an hour from initial call to delivery, it was perfect late night grub, and the customer service was above and beyond. Totally recommend.I just can't deal. I think you've self sabotage your own business. Therefore now earning yourself another 1 Star. What type of business owner does that? Going back & fourth with people just because you cannot handle what the world has to say. 7 months ago so long ago. Get over my review and move on. You do know at the end of the day it's just a review & the customer is always right. The new location I guess you can say it looks cleaner than the last but definitely smaller. Waiting time is long just like before understaff in the kitchen probably because too cheap. "Sloth mode" 
At first I thought it was a franchise hoping the people here wasn't as bad as the last place since I happen to be visiting in this area but negative because I recognize the tall Goofy looking dude. 
They  just move their business to a smaller building. I wonder why they down graded to a smaller building in a sketchier location? Maybe they couldn't afford rent. Maybe they got kicked out because of their attitude. 
I was here not too long ago what I witness was the tall guy yelling at the old lady (Regina or something like that) that was delivering for him. Boy did she snapped on him. "I'm old enough to be your mother" you obvious don't respect elders let alone respect for employees so now you have unhappy employees a ton of negative reviews followed by responses that you so dearly deserve. 
I wish you guys the best you just can't run a business with arrogance.i don't usually review places on here, since yelp reviews seem to be generally pretty right about most places, but this place really doesn't deserve its low rating. I'm honestly confused about what the problem is, at least in my experience ordering tonight (grubhub) it was what late night food should be. the food was piping hot and delicious, and anyone who'll deliver out to villanova at 1am in a sunday is alright in my book. customer service was above and beyond, i noticed one review in particular attach a screenshot alleging rude customer service. maybe they caught them on a bad night, but my experience there couldn't be more different, definitely one of the most professional and convenient places i've ordered from.Couldn't give this spot a rating on GrubHub for some reason, but I'm here. Got really drunk watching GOT and playing video games, realized I was hungry. Ordered a cheese steak, and got a 100% real deal cheesesteak, no steak-umms BS. Delivery was swift and courteous. I hope this spot can stay around forever, Philly needs it.We ordered from Night Owls and I had the cheesesteak which is THE BEST CHEESESTEAK I have EVER had!  The portion of meat is more than generous on the sandwich, it's cooked to perfection and the roll was very fresh.  I have lived in Philly for 54 years and have had cheesesteaks from everywhere. This is a solid place.  This place is open when everyone else in town is closed, another plus for late night hunger pangs.  I am definitely a new repeat customer!It was terrible service everyone is rite I didn't get my food after I paid for it  it took 3 hours call and someone not even from the store said it was coming never came waited 3hours.,..I've ordered from here through DoorDash 3 times now and it is without a doubt the best late night fast food in South Philly. Delivered on time, hot and fresh, with pretty sustainable packaging compared to others. Favorite items were the cheesesteak and battered onion petals, and the fries that come with most items are great too. When you have late night munchies you can not go wrong with Night Owls.I left them a poor review on Grub Hub because I had a bad experience and the owner texted my personal cell phone number calling me a liar and "banning" me from ordering again. It was very aggressive and very unprofessional. There was no need to ban me, I'll never order from here again. Texting my cell phone and calling me a liar?? Wow. I've never experienced someone with such audacity. That's my PERSONAL cell phone number and they absolutely abused GrubHub by texting me on it. I guess I should be worried they're gonna find me on Facebook and harass me there too. Everyone gets bad reviews, it was a dispute on the timing. Deal with it in a professional way or don't own a business.George is the man. Always making sure his staff is on point! And he could be hiring more driversI can't say enough about night owls fast food. Cheap prices and open late is exactly what you need in a heavy college area and they have both. Prices are reasonable even with delivery. You can order directly from their website with no delivery fee which is awesome. If you do decide to order from a third party app I recommend Uber eats. Door dash has a 5 dollar fee. Only complaint with delivery is you cannot track because they do their own delivers, but i appreciate that they call when their a few minutes away and then again when they arrive. Food is high quality and delicious. Quantities a little small but reasonable. On top of everything their take out containers are environmental friendly which is awesome! During one experience my Uber eats order had a technical error so they quickly remade the food and sent it right to my place with great communications. I can't recommend night owls enough! Thanks for feeding me so late hahahOrdered from here one late night and not only was the delivery quicker than expected, the food was on point!! Will 100% order from here again!Not sure where the bad reviews are coming from?
Cheesesteak is super tasty, and greasy (perfect for this time of night). Delivered in 35 minutes. Food was warm. Got my soda. Everything I ordered was in my order.
Don't listen to the bad reviews. These guys are good!Im so infuriated. I was so hungry, and got absolutely nothing. Your food isn't even good but i work late and was so hungry. Didn't come. WORST. I don't even want to give one starI give them 5 stars for customer service. After a really long day, I ordered food around 2am from here. I fell asleep and missed their delivery call. When I called back 30 minutes later in a frenzy I was thinking 9 out of 10 that this would be a refund. But they send out the delivery guy again and he was so polite. Lol. So yay! :) 
I'm visiting Philly but I wish something like this existed in my city too for those late night hunger pangs. 
PS: Whatever you get, don't forget to add the Mozzarella sticks too. They are yum!I was surprised to read all of the negative reviews of this place as that was not my experience at all. I mean, in my view this place has several things going for it:
1) They're open until 4 am and will deliver to just about anywhere. How many times are you wanting to get delivery from a place but since you're not in their 6 block radius you're SOL or it's 30 minutes before closing and they don't even answer their phone? The delivery time could be improved but it's not THAT much longer than your average delivery time.
2) Food is good and more inventive than your typical pizza/sub/wing place. "Build your own onion rings"? Come on- that's awesome (and they're great)
3) Food is well packaged for delivery. It comes hot and they make sure they put it in the right container- fried foods stay crispy and softer foods stay warm and soft (not soggy)
I can't help but guess a lot of folks are drunk/high/cranky when they order and therefore probably dole out a lot of crap to these people. We all have that drunken friend who likes to fight with everyone and anyone and rarely is it justified. If you treat someone poorly, they'll probably do the same in return. I think they deserve a medal for putting up with our bulls%*t!Ordered here a couple of times, food is ok. Much improvement  on the speed. But every time I'm here I continuously witness tons of Order so they must be doing better, more driver is great.NOT. What a rude unprofessional place.The owner is a dick, he even gets upset if you leave a review he does not like. He'll call you a liar or call you a competitor, he can't take criticism and lashes his insecurities out on people. Don't ever order from here, new ownership is needed.i have never in my life left a review online of a restaurant-but i need philly to know about this place. i live in the suburbs & got home really late from work in center city, without having eaten all day. i was super hangry & exhausted, to say the least, so i ordered food from grubhub from night owl (w/out realizing they were in south). they reached out right away to let me know they were wrking on my food & it might take a bit longer to get to me given that i live 40 mins away. they were so so nice, i've never ordered from a place so accommodating-customer service is 100000/10. the food was so good-i got a cheesesteak & fries. it was still warm by the time it got to me & the cheesesteak was seriously top tier. the cheese was melted all the way throughout the sandwich & the meat & onions were seasoned perfectly. i could go on-but you get the gist. would recommend a million times over!Great food, great service.  I am a night owl myself and appreciate that places like this are open late.AFTER WAITING THREE HOURS for my food and texting the CELL PHONE Number (bc this is NOT a real business!) My pizza finally arrived. I Wish I could post the video of the "seafood" pizza that I received. I paid $36 for a TERRIBLE looking cheese pizza that had baby shrimp and what looked like PULLED PORK on it. And it STINKED to the high heavens!! I gave that BS RIGHT Back to the driver who said to me "Imma call Grubhub and get your money back. But when they call, don't answer, or you won't get your refund..." I looked at her like she was a damn fool and shut my door. I called the "business line", the "owner" answers (you can CLEARLY hear he's driving a car!!) and says "Night Owls!", like he's in an actual place of business. We argued and he hung up on me. I promptly contacted YELP Live Support to receive my refund. NEVER AGAIN!!!!!!!!!! DISGUSTING!I closed at work the other night and didn't feel like going out and mostly every other place that delivers was closed. I came across this place on Grubhub and figured since it was late and I was hungry I'd try it. I was a little weary after seeing some of the negative reviews but I definitely wasn't disappointed! The food was fresh and still hot which I was surprised about because I live in NJ. Which was another HUGE bonus. On top of all of this the food took only about 25-30 minutes to arrive which is great as seeing I've ordered at places right around me and it's taken well over an hour to arrive. This place is awesome and have the cutest little boxes. Keep in mind that if you do live in NJ they will charge for the toll fee which is totally understandable. We'll definitely be ordering from here in the future.Ordered from here a few times. Food is okay, but a bit too pricy for the quality. All of the messages about the owner sending messages to personal phones are wild but true as I've gotten a few. 
My biggest issue is that their online menu is very convoluted. 
You are told to select options on the menu but they aren't available. Put me off from ordering in the future.First off, I wanted to post this review on here instead of Grubhub so that people who come on here and see the negative reviews won't get scared off like I almost was. Luckily, I had seen the high rating on Grubhub and trusted it. 
So glad I did. 
I got their signature chicken cheesesteak, Carolina gold wings and fries with whiz. At 1:30 am, and being a good distance away from them I was expecting everything to be cold and soggy by the time I got it. So you can imagine how shocked I was when their driver called me 20 mins later to say he was almost there. 
I don't even know how they cooked it that fast!
When it finally arrived the driver was super friendly and I could feel the heat from the bag. 
Needless to say, everything was exactly as I ordered, hot and crispy.
Do not let the negative reviews on here push you away, this is definitely a great spot for a late night meal!I ordered a "Build Your Own 16-inch Pizza" from here around 11 PM. They showed up surprisingly fast (15-30 minutes) and in the rain, and the driver thanked me for the tip. The only disappointment is that I requested double cheese and there wasn't that much. Other than that, not bad.3.5. it was honestly really tasty, but literally the smallest wings I've ever eaten. At a dollar a wing they should be biggerI got mango habanero wings, the sauce was delicious I wish it was on something else... 
The  chicken itself was tough, dry and looked weird? Mostly likely because it wasn't breaded, which I didn't expect. It was just white chicken with sauce on top, it want even browned... 
Also the wings were tiny.I ordered food from Night Owls late in the evening. When the food hadn't arrived after an hour, I called their phone number and it went straight to a cell phone voicemail. The food never arrived but my credit card was still charged. I think this might be a scam aimed at Philadelphians desperately looking for late night eats!Food was fine, this is a solid place for late night food. I was really happy they were willing to deliver to me and felt the fees were absolutely in-line with the distances the drivers have to travel. My main reasoning for less than 5 stars was that I was left with a sore throat after eating a cheesesteak with SPK. Not sure what irritated my throat but I noticed after two bites a sharp pain in my throat that has only gotten worse since. I am guessing maybe the pepper? I know the management/store monitors reviews so this will most likely be updated once I hear from them. The portions were great and the food has been great in the past. Just can't give a higher review if it hurts and I can't finish my meal!This is my now second experience with Night Owls. The first time was delivery to a bar and the second time was tonight with pick up. 
First time delivery around 12:30am: We ordered pizza rolls and chicken tenders and fries. Food came in about 20 mins via Grubhub and was hot and tasty. The only bummer was the pizza rolls could have been fried a tad bit longer as the cheese wasn't totally meted and it wasn't all that hot but I must say I prefer that to over cooked and dry. They were still good... nice and soft how we like. 
Second time pick up 3am: When we arrived it was definitely set up for delivery and we were unsure if we could even walk in... you can! And there are a few seats by a window but it's very tight. We immediately felt in the way the best way to describe it at 3am was like a NASCAR pit. Tons of delivery orders and a definitely controlled chaos. Even sitting in the window area we felt very underfoot. There are no menus you must order online so it's best to order ahead and pick up and get out of their way!!! We ordered the chicken fingers and fries again, Buffalo wings and a cheesesteak. Despite ordering thru an app and having to write my extras in a comment section (extra cheese) they did not miss it like most places it was right on my steak! I like the way the food comes in eco friendly packaging and it kept the food super hot all the way home (I just bit into my steak and even an hour later and it's still hot on the bottom of the box and nice and warm and the cheese is still pulling)  Now.... they made me break my diet trying the steak and fries it was worth every single bite but the wings (which I can have on a Keto diet) were OUTSTANDING I hope they can live up to them again cause I will definitely try them again. The wings sauce (mild) was a good quality tasty sauce, they had a nice crunch but also kinda fell off the bone some. I usually only order flats no drums but since it was online I just took them how they come.... I hate drums but theirs were so good! I tried to select blue cheese but it wouldn't let me add it on but guess what?! Didn't need it they were perfect. The fries were hot and had a crisp but also a softness (I love that ratio). As for the tenders I'm sure they were as yummy as the first go round as I didn't try them I had enough to eat!!!  this is so happily a late night place I will call on again and again! A must try! 3's the charm so I'm really hoping it's not a fluke and this place stays on point!!!I just ordered something from this place and was charged $30 I received 10 chicken wings and a brownie. They never gave me the Dr Pepper that I ordered. This is way too expensive trust me I'm not really worth itWe recently started a new overnight security detail at the Linc whenever there is an event. It is hard to find good food after midnight. Last week we ordered burgers and mozzarella sticks and they were outstanding.
Tonight we ordered cheese steaks and wings and the wings came without the sauce. Night Owls went above and beyond and not only brought the sauce but new wings. That speaks volumes about their business and I can assure you we will be ordering from them in the future. The wings were absolutely delicious.
The delivery drivers were both very pleasant and courteous as well.
5 star quality after midnight!!!hats off to the chef. he fried that shit good.
mm mm good 
got the mozz, the cheese logs , the cheesy fries , the cheesy steak , and the mac&cheese bitesThe owner is a dick, he even gets upset if you leave a review he does not like. He'll call you a liar or call you a competitor, he can't take criticism and lashes his insecurities out on people. Don't ever order from here, new ownership is needed.
Once again the owner tries to discredit a review by saying that I didn't complain about the service and asking did I recently get fired by them. Service sucks and I have not and would never work for you, is that good enough for you? Oh wait your going to ban me from ordering from your restaurant, good job lol.First time in my life I have received a text from a restaurant the next day regarding a negative review of a spot, based on their bad food.  
Ordered from this spot via Grubhub.  A cheesesteak with mushrooms, asked for it to be toasted.  No mushrooms, not toasted.  I got a notification from Grubhub to leave a review, so I did. 
In the pictures you will find a screenshot of the text I received.
Also, they don't have to worry about me ordering again, as the cheesesteak was better fit for a wild dog.
He knows it's real as he texted me.  A lot of similar reviews speaks volumes.  Sure second chances are great and all, you don't always get one though, and if the order is wrong the first time, the customer has a right to leave a bad review.  The restaurant can then learn and move on, or address it as a sincere apology to the customer asking for a second chance, but borderline harassing text messages are 100% inappropriate always.  And at 3am when ordering a cheesesteak, and it shows up an hour later, on time but still an hour later, I'm not going to send it back and give you a second chance to fix it.  Unbelievable and unacceptable.  This guy is a fraud.  Hopefully anyone considering this place will take notice to these very real reviews.
I'd be more skeptical of the 5 star reviews on here, as those probably are fake.  Good day all.This place has the best hot wings. Especially after you just got done clubbing and need some quick food to satisfy your tummy.PLEASE!!! there is a reason this place only has 2 stars!!!  Placed an order over an hour ago that never arrived. Cleared up the confusion about the address about 30 minutes after the diver called to say he was outside. 36minutes after receiving the correct address food still did not arrive. When I called the store to ask about the order I was basically told that it was my fault my order hadn't arrived and that I was now the last order. He was very rude and made sure to push all blame on me even though a good 40minutes had passed at this point with the diver having the correct address. When I asked to speak to someone over him he responded by saying there is no one above him other than god he then continued to fuss at which point I was over it. Please do not give this place your business.Ordered from these guys last night via Seamless. As a NYC transplant, not having access to late night munchies is heartbreaking. Enter Night Owls Fast Food. Delivery was shockingly fast, the chicken tenders I ordered were perfectly crispy and juicy, and the french fries remained crispy (which is hard to do with delivery). Prices were very reasonable. Will definitely be ordering from them again for any late night munching needs."Night Owls" exceed our expectations. We ordered just shy of 5:00 am and was told that the food would be here at 6:00 am.  The food arrived by 5:20 am. The food came in the most unique boxes, we ordered 3 cheesesteaks, fried ravioli and extra fries. The food was so hot and the fries so crispy that I had to wait a few minutes to dig in. WOW the cheesesteak was packed full of meat just the right amount of fried onions and cheese, the roll was fresh. When I bit into the cheesesteak it was so delicious and the others felt the same. You can tell they take pride in what they do. We will always order from "Night Owls" Thank you for caring in what you to!Decided to get cheesesteaks from here at 2 am on a Saturday Night. "We can order delivery and stay in" We thought. The order was 5 cheesesteaks cheese wiz, fried onions, mayo. We got 5 kid sized "steak sandwiches" with no cheese, no mayo. They didn't give us enough ketchup either. 
Damages
- $59 food
- $4 delivery fee
- $10 tip
Total: $73 Very unhappyThis is the only fucking place open in the middle of the night in the city of Philadelphia because of Covid thank you!!!! Thank you!!!!!I discovered this place while we were staying at the Hilton at Penn's Landing.  We were awake late after a late night swim in the pool, and since it was after midnight, room service was closed.  The front desk dude gave me Night Owls' menu and after we perused it for a bit, we settled on burgers, fries, and mozzarella sticks.  Exactly the comfort food we wanted after our midnight swim.  It arrived pretty quickly, the delivery person was really nice, and the food was beyond delicious.  Perfect fries.  My daughter loved her burger.  I couldn't have been happier with the food and the service from Night Owls.  In fact, one of my kids wants to go back to Philly Just so we can get another order from Night Owls!  Thanks, guys!  You have 3 new fans!okay - bad reviews all around and i understand why. but am giving night owl the benefit of the doubt. 
i ordered food a few weeks ago and it was horribly late, then items were missing -  but, the missing items were brought shortly after the original delivery - with extra "please forgive us" items. 
all of the food was actually really good !! 5am salad that was actually fresh and good ?? yeah - that redeemed the lateness. 
chicken fingers and chicken parm hoagie were very good too. and i was told the cheese cake was great. 
the owner emailed us the next day to apologize and tell us they had staffing issues. hopefully they get this foxedThe first few reviews I saw for this place were positive so I ordered. I wish I had done a little more research. The negative reviews are definitely warranted. The positives are almost surely fake or purchased. 
And so help me if I get a text from this establishment about my review they will wish they hadn't. 
Laughable that I would tip for this place. $10 delivery charge is more tip than is deserved. My food arrived an hour late (with an hour wait time) and cold. 2 whole hours from the time that I ordered! No phone call at any point. Not when they were running late and not when it arrived. Not even worth ordering to prevent a hangover as suggested by one reviewer. You'll end up passing out before the food even gets there.Not certain as to why all the hateration on this place... Oh well you can't please everyone.
Anyway... Ordered from here for the first time via GrubHub... Had the fierce late night cravings and nothing in my fridge. Recieved my order later that the time given (hence the 4 stars) but the overall experience was just great! Food arrived hot, was packaged nicely and most importantly was tasty! Hello, they're open until 4am! They're on to something here! Will def be ordering from them again!I don't know why it's so much negative bullshit on here, but I love this place. Where I live in the city, you guys are the only place I can order from at night since I work late and honestly y'all have the best "fast food" late night in my opinion. Like I agree with that one other guy, build your own curly fries and onion rings like who has that? Cmon y'all gotta cut them a break for dealing with y'all assholes, I always get a call before they arrive and when they get to my house, it's awesome customer service and awesome food. You can't blame someone for defending their business and livelihood.5 stars for someplace open really late. I've ordered the chicken tenders and fries with mango habanero sauce on the side 3 times now. I can't speak on the other food, but these were actual chicken tenders. After a night out its nice to be able to grubhub from somewhere that doesn't taste like a microwave dinner or is doused in grease. That mango habanero sauce is SO good. I don't know what these other reviewers are talking about, but I am so glad I found this hidden gem on grubhub after a year of having limited options that were disgusting.Ordered from here a few times when I've had the munchies, each time I've ordered I've hoped either the food or the service would get better, sadly neither one has improved. I always give most places three tries before I make my final decision on them and after the other day I must say that I don't think I've ever been treated so rudely before in my life. I felt like I was In a Jerry Seinfeld episode asking for bread with my soup. My order was wrong I called and told them about it and asked could they apply the difference to my next order and they were very rude and dismissive of me. That's not how you run a business customers can go anywhere and folks don't like to pay for food with a side of abuse. If I wanted abuse I would've stayed with my ex boyfriend. I asked for an apology and got laughter like really? My very last order from this placeMy go-to late night order. The food is fine, nothing spectacular, but their cheesesteaks are good. The best part about this place is their hours. There is not a single other place in Philly that will deliver food to me after a night out, so I always use Night Owls. They also text you coupons and stuff, which is cool.They are ignorant when you complain about there food they hangs up on you if you make a complaint criticism on how bad the food is -5 starsIf I could give a zero or lower I would. Place says it's open til 4:45am but doesn't "receive" the order when they only take online orders. I called to ask about my online order and they said they didn't get it and then he hung up on me. I called back 4x before he answered and told me it didn't go through. I said I understand technology isn't perfect but that I had guests and needed some food to be ordered and asked to complete over the phone due to the tech issues only to be told no and hung up on again. Worst customer service experience of my life.Placed an order and was told it would be on its way.  There wasn't a way to track it - I asked if there was an eta of when it may leave (10 minutes or an hour?) and was told "no I'm not in the store and I just am the operator for the drivers" 
There should be some type of accountability as to when the food should leave the store and when I should expect it.If you're up really late, like, just left Voyeur after hours night club, and want good quality good food to cure the upcoming hangover or intense munchies, order from here. I didn't want to order from here for a long time because I assumed that this place would be like any "up late pizza place" to serve the drunken college student; awful, terrible greasy food that lacks any taste. I took a risk tonight because at 4:30AM, I wanted pizza, and this was the only place open. 
5 Reason last to order from here:
1) My delivery was unbelievably quick. 
2) The driver was super friendly and called me when he left the shop.
3) The presentation of the food was average, but was packaged extremely well, using good quality paper products.
4) LOVE AT FIRST BITE the pizza is thin and with a great crunch. The tomato sauce was a basic neutral sauce, and paired well with the mozzarella cheese. The cheese was high quality, not rubber looking and tasted like a fine mozzarella. My mozzarella sticks were perfect! However they did give me a skimpy slice of a cheesecake --not happy!! Does not match up with their other food products portions. While I got a large handful of entrees and appetizers, the dessert did not match up. It needs to be a larger slice.
5) The food made me want to write a review haha!
The point of all of this? Just order from here!This was a late night treat. So here's the run down after dark. For me being as young as I am, these guys were cool and very down to earth. Someone my mothers age would've found it to be the oddest set up around and/or probably would've said it doesn't look like a reputable establishment. Me I didn't care I was hungry. One gripe is not having paper menus and having to order everything online while already being there. But truth is, the food was f^*#%=g amazing and they made it to my liking. I appreciate that extra gesture so I had to give 5 stars. I would definitely go back and recommend this spot to anyone coming in from a fun night out.So so good.   Great service.   Cheeseburger Taste like mom made in our kitchen.   I have loved everything I've ordered. Highly recommend!I've ordered from here multiple times, but tonight will be the last. It sucks l, but I hope their delivery drivers find new places to work. The owner or supervisor that I spoke to on the phone tonight was so incompetent I couldn't believe it. 
Here's what happened:
Gf orders delivery through their website. We order from them often initially through grubhub, but since we enjoyed the food so much we decided we wanted to support them directly and order through their own website. Plus there's a promo code "OWL" that they literally have sent text ads to us directly which gives you $4 off your total order. Cool, right? Gf gets text bank confirmations for every transaction and gets one directly after ordering our delivery. However, on the website it says there's been an error. So I give them a call...
I literally spend 20-30 mins talking to their supervisor (Leigh or Wei, or whatever their name is) trying to explain what has happened. By the end of it he tells me that not only do I need to call my bank a cancel the transaction (cool, thanks bro), but that they weren't taking ANY responsibility for the error and couldn't get our order completed until we went BACK ON THEIR WEBSITE AND REORDERED. Why the HELL can't you just complete my order through the phone while I'm talking and/OR just admit that your website fucked up and get the order completed?!
Absolute nonsense and zero customer service. 
Never again. 
Don't waste your time. 
Go to "Three Countries Pizza" instead. 20 mins faster than their estimated arrival.When you are craving for a late night snack after a few blunts this is the place to go unfortunately not much has changed in regards to this establishment. I can't say the food was bad but it wasn't that great either, what is great is the wonderful service you get.  The exhausted lethargic  Angry man screaming at his employees in   thr background is what you get for free.  I just want my food that isn't any of my business but one drama gets in the way of your food it gets and a way of your time of waiting for your food.  When you have to wait so long for your food you're no longer hungry especially what some soggy fries in a cardboard box  drenched with oil is perfection.I've had multiple orders from this place.  Tbh I'd give the food 4 of 5 for what it is but I give a huge premium on their service and that the operate so late.  Let's be frank, they cater to drunks etc, prob the hardest market to appease.  If you are coherent enough to place an order and answer your phone you're gonna have a good time.Night owl fast food is a rip off, I ordered food online and they took my money and never delivered. This place should be avoided no matter what. If you get the late night munchies you would it would be more satisfactory to deep fry your own shoe and eat it. This establishment makes me wish zero stars was an option.The mozzarella sticks are good , the fries are too even tho they came with no ketchup or anything, the cheesesteak is smaller than expected & not very flavorful but it's not bad.Saw a lot of different reviews about this place. Some on GrubHub some on here. Some just crazy. So I was hesitant on whether or not I should place an order. Glad I did. Food was made the way I asked and it arrived faster than their estimated time. When I texted to make a change it was done. They got a cool feature where they send you a text when you place an order and if you have any changes you can text that number back and they'll take care of whatever it is you're trying to add or change. Very cool. And the best part is that the food was actually really good. I expected some okay late night food but this food was actually really good. Definitely my new late-night spot.I honestly would give 0 stars if possible, the owner is the most rude, arrogant person in business that I have encountered. After I waited for almost an hour after ordering my food, I called the establishment and was informed that they had mistakenly cancelled my order. When I requested confirmation of my refund, I was yelled at, belittled, and talked to like a child by the owner. He literally hung up on me 3 times after my request, and had the audacity to ask me if I thought he cares about a refund. Never again!!!