The jerk chicken I got here was out of this world! I thought it was real chicken looking at it and almost called to ask before I bit. Definitely give them a shot.I love this place. It is a great mix of good food and jazzy clothes and books. The food is outstanding. My favorite is the mock fish and the Jamaican style "chicken" patties. Great food, great service. Vegans will love this food! Some meat eaters might be converted :)Vintage design and ethnic style! The food that was cooking looked and smelled good, but I only got dessert--double chocolate cake. The double chocolate cake was surprisingly good. It wasn't overly sweet but sweet enough. Very chocolatey and thick. The size was nice, however, I do think that 4.50 was overpriced. For that reason, I'm reluctant to repurchase. The gentlemen who took my order was kind. However, I didn't get an inviting feeling. It was a little weird with barely anyone inside. It seemed too spacey. I don't know if I will return anytime soon, although, I would like to try the dinner platters. If I do, I will update my review accordingly.This place is amazing.  It's very small so I suspect it goes under the radar which is why most people aren't aware of it.  There is only a very small room to eat in, so its best to just get take out.  The people are so friendly and make you feel very welcome.  The food is delicious...  vegan soul food at its finest.  Everything on the menu is vegan.  I had the small platter of "catfish" (it was tofu) with collards and rice -- amazing!  It was so flavorful .  I can't wait to try something else.Tried it out for the first time this afternoon.  I had the spicy fish and it was super yummy.  The owner is very nice and this place has a real homey feel.Exceptional alternative vegan versions of food. Actively loving the barbecue "chicken" and the sides are perfect. Chicken and gravy keeps up the quality. I expect regular returns to this place.I've been there twice and I'm in love. So good. It's the best trading vegan soul food I've had to date.I enjoyed a very delicious flavorful meal. The food was hot and the service friendly. I dined on barbecue chicken, pepper steak, collard greens and cabbage. I sampled my friend's "fish" in spicy sauce and that was amazing.i will be sure to return!My first trip to Nile was on the night of 10/30. I was hungry and looking for a good local pizza shop. lol When I saw the window I figured I had to stop. I don't eat red meat and often enjoy vegetarian and vegan meals. 
I am so glad I stopped! The small platter that I ordered was terrific. BBQ Chicken, Cabbage and Sweet potatoes. 
It cost a little more than I was looking to spend but you get a reusable plastic container!
Payment was easy since I didn't have cash but they take VISA with a $5 min. purchase.
My food was not very hot when I received it so it needed to be warmed before eating only 5 mins later. 
Other than the prize I have no complaints about the food.
Oh! I also walked in during an African drum rehearsal which was pleasant and unexpected. 
I would def. return!I like the concept -- vegan soul food! But the veggies need more seasoning, vegan should not equal bland! Also, would be nice if they ventured out from just fake meat, traditional veg cultures do a lot of wonders with legumes, beans, and grains without having to resort to dry, spongy fake "fish." Would like to give it another try to see if my first time was a fluke.This restaurant has been bookmarked since I recently transitioned from a S.A.D to a vegetarian diet.  The reviews were great and it's local so I had to give it a try. I was finally able to give it a go this weekend.  I ordered the lemon "chicken", greens and sauteed cabbage.  I was very impressed with the greens and lemon chicken the cabbage I likely wouldn't get again.  I was not disappointed and very much looking forward to trying out other items on the menu.  The price was fair and the taste was delicious. This place is definitely a winner!Vegan soul food. Tried this out with my 3 year old. We got the BBQ Chicken, Rice Pilaf and Collard Greens. They have 2 sizes for plates (small and large). Staff were extremely friendly. Seating was ample. There were 2 other children there so it seemed family friendly. Desserts (strawberry and chocolate cake) were delicious. Parking was easy (on the street). We will definitely be back. Would like to see an expanded menu.This is a great spot for delicious vegan noms. Reminds me of the food I grew up with down in North Carolina. If you're in the neighborhood be sure to stop byTry the pepper steak and the bbq chicken, or the duck!!!!. Friendly staff, service can be slow at times. The flavors are amazing. There seems to be an ingredient in this food that causes smelly gas. Several of my friends have experienced this, so don't eat here if you have a social function afterward! Lol. However, this place is 5 star and so are the staff!!!!So, I've lived in Germantown all my life.. I'm 27.. Today July 8,2016 I finally after all these years and 3 years of being vegan I finally went to The Nile Cafe.. Let me tell you, the food was amazing!!! I ordered the Tofu & Spinach Lasagna along with a platter which had Chick'n and Gravy, brown rice, and cabbage.. Let's start with the Lasagna.. Tofu & Spinach Lasagna was unreal!! If I didn't know better I'd think it was traditional SAD (standard American diet) lasagna.. I truly enjoyed every single bite of it.. and to top it off the portions of food are hearty.. I didn't eat my platter of Chick'n & gravy yet but I did taste everything.. It taste great. I won't really be able to speak on it until I eat the actual meal.. 
Next the atmosphere is very inviting and the music playing was right up my alley; Bob Marley.. It's really down home.. I'll definitely be a regular customer.. 
Oh, Mansai (I hope I spelled that right) was so helpful and a very delightful man..Let's be honest. Vegan meat substitutes are usually gray and rubbery...and don't even approach tasting like meat. So I was more than satisfied with the customer service and coziness of the restaurant on my 1st visit, but had low expectations for the food. Trust the Yelp reviews, this place is great. Often find myself craving the "fish" & riding from DE to Philly for more!Okay...yesterday I did a colonic and foot detox, so today I wasn't trying to eat anything heavy. I had this restaurant bookmarked on my yelp and decided to try it today. I ordered the spicy fish with brown rice and collard greens (regular $9.75)....#PAUSE I knew this was a vegetarian restaurant but when I saw the reviews and saw fish, I thought it was gonna be real fish; not soy#UNPAUSE.....the food was very tasty and fresh (not all greasy and fatty). It was my first time eating soy fish  and it wasn't bad at all. If you are vegetarian and looking for a nice vegetarian restaurant definitely try this spot.Amazing food. You can tell the owners put alot of Love into this restaurant. My favorite is the chicken and gravy with brown rice and greens. I want to try the bbq chicken and fish now because if the positive reviews. Favorite vegan restaurant near home.Nile cafe is among the best vegan places in Philly. Real soul food, served in decent portions, absolutely the best collards I've ever tasted. What are you waiting for, get out to Germantown.I was not Impressed with the food here. The seasoning was too light. And the decor was severely underwhelming. It is definitely what you would call an around the way spot and could use some help.I went here today for lunch and loved it! The chef was very nice and allowed me to taste all 4 mock meats before I chose what I wanted. I got the spicy fish, and although it didnt taste like real fish it did have a different texture than the most mock meats which made it seem a little more fishy. It came with a side of okra corn and tomato which tasted delicious and healthy, unlike some vegetable sides that are slathered in oil. I bought a zuchini bread and sweet potato bread to bring home just because they looked so good. My mom got the roasted duck, which had an odd chewy texture but tasted good. She also got brown rice and collared greens that were tender and very healthy tasting. For dessert I got a absolutely delicious and creamy pineapple cheesecake. It's hard to find good vegan desserts but this place has a large selection of amazing looking cakes and a huge variety of flavors of soy icecream. There were some downsides though. The man behind the counter was alone and therefore extremely slow. We waited for 15 minutes for him to serve the people in line in front of us. Also, the credit card machine was out do to bad weather so we had to drive down the block to Food Land, a very sketchy market and use the ATM there. But overall I loved it and will definitely be coming back for lunch and to get some of the interesting african clothes and organic soaps that they sell.I really like this place.  It's a small vegan cafe run by a really nice guy.  Everything is "soul food" inspired, so it's very satisfying and pretty yummy.  For example, I had chicken fried tofu steak and stewed cabbage that was to die for (p.s. I love cabbage).  Boyfriend had fake pork and greens (he's a total carnivore and only made his usual complaint that fake meat has a weird texture).
The menu changes periodically.  Well, they don't really have menus:  You walk up to the kitchen window, hear what he's cooking that day and order, and then he brings it out to you.  Very friendly and quick.
They share space with an African bookstore, so there's not even a need to bring your our reading materials, really.
Pretty sure this is a cash only place.  Also, the hours seem to be a bit sporadic, so I might call before going to make sure they're open.  
Also, they use both soy and wheat germ products, so those with allergies may want to stear clear.Super delicious and very friendly staff, a laid-back spot for a filling meal, and vegan desserts omg.This place is great. What is astounding about the Nile Cafe is that in the over 7 years that I have been coming here, the quality of food has not changed. Most businesses when they build a good customer base start cutting corners and changing ingredients. Not the Nile Cafe.
My favorites are spicy fish, chicken and gravy, Jamaican Patties, Mock Duck, and Chicken drumsticks! 
If you come on a Friday or Saturday, you may find a special of the day!
Overall, this is the best kept secret for vegans in Philly( It's so good I really don't want to share, lol)Omg I couldn't wait to write this review! A friend and I were looking for a vegan meal after an intense personal training session. We found a few but the first was closed. The second one had a worship going on, which in itself was fine but I was hungry and I have my own religion. Then we came across this gem and were very delighted. Vegan food usually takes a while to prepare and usually made to order, however their food was already prepared! The second thing I loved was that they let us taste test the food before we ordered so we could get exactly what we liked. Third and last which made this place " my new spot" the food! Everything I had on my platter was flavorful, warm, and well seasoned. I had the spicy fish (which wasn't very hot because I dont like spicy), greens, and okra corn. I would recommend this place to vegans and meat eaters the same. Five stars!Dude, there was only one person working (slowly). He did not care that I was a paying customer, didn't even speak. I payed $1.50 for a bag of chips (ridiculous) and left.Great veggie soul food! Went twice on my 3 day work trip to Manayunk. Some of the best faux meat ive ever had.I love this place! My boy friend and I went there. After recently going vegan it's been hard to find a place with varieties.  I ordered their lemon "chicken" with brown rice and collard greens. The chicken was amazing.  The only reason I gave 4stars is because I wish that had more soy free options. Maybe try using seitan other than that great jobThis place has soulful, healthy vegetarian food. Inside, they've a bookshop with lectures and neighborhood gatherings. Getting food here feels like eating at someone's house: you get a dinner plate filled with a "meat" and 2 sides. I had the chicken with gravy, and my sides were really good collard greens and a peppery stewed-cabbage. I hadn't been here in 10 years, so I was really happy to see they're still doing everything the same way!The food was phenomenal. The chef was so sweet. The cake was moist and delicious. 10/10 would eat again. Also, there are plants everywhere. If you like food, eat here or you're a total poser.Love this place, have been going for years . I usually get a soup, Jamaican patty and a side of greens or okra. They also reopened the fresh juice bar weekdays only for fresh juice though.I am disappointed that The Nile Café is not closer to where I live or work!  It was a special treat for me to go there since we were in the area for a hiking trip.  I loved everything I ordered, and so did my husband.  I had the barbeque chicken, with a side of collard greens and okra.  My husband had the lentil soup.  Then we feasted on fabulous ice cream and brought some cookies home with us to eat later.  
The service was spectacular.  There was virtually no wait time to get our order.  The portions were large.  The food is vegan, but the style of it is not so healthy (but it is what it is -- a southern style of vegan food so lots more sweet stuff than probably you need every day!).   The place is very small, with about 16 seats, but we had plenty of choices for tables.  When we were there, there was a group of men playing music too.  What a nice treat. 
We will return, and we will be bringing our friends!Vegan soul food? YES PLEASE! The Nile is awesome. I just moved to Gtown in February and was so excited to see a vegan restaurant right by my house. The food is absolutely amazing. It is truly made with soul, and love! You can taste it! So far I've just gotten the bbq "chicken" with sides of brown rice and collard greens, but I'm in love with it. The texture of the faux meat is chewy and delicious, the sauce is sweet, and the greens are lightly salted to perfection. $9.72 for a platter of generous helpings, both times I've gotten two delicious meals out of it. I'm looking forward to trying all their dishes and the juice bar.
The kitchen is tiny and the seating area is casual. The place is straight up just down-home. I also love that the shop is intertwined with African culture, it makes for a community-based, diverse environment and I dig that very much. If you're lucky you can hear some African drumming going on :)
If you haven't already, please check out The Nile! Totally worth it! Also, if you're there on a Friday afternoon, there is a Farmer's Market happening right outside, just up the street.Was introduced to the cafe on Sunday.  I ordered the spicy fish, cabbage and collard greens.  The food was good, but the "fish" wasn't too spicy.  Then, I looked to my right and saw an array of desserts.  I knew to not play myself....I knew if I ordered one slice of cake, then I would order two more.  I look forward to checking out some other dishes in the future.I never ate here, but it always smells incredible around and inside this place. I used to get my water here though, when I was feeling ambitious. They use reverse osmosis and are very willing to explain the benefits to you. There is a shop (CDs, incense, art, etc) and clothing boutique on one side, and a restaurant on the other. Everyone here is awesome, down to earth, and very friendly. They have drum circles outside sometimes. I'm a fan ;)I love this place.  It's a great, casual, down -home place that serves yummy vegan soul food and a huge variety of vegan desserts.  You go up to the counter and order what you want from what is available that day -- usually they have several main dishes available and a couple of sides.  The cabbage they have is lovely (and I am not the biggest fan of cabbage).  I've been here four times, and every time it has been great.  My only complaints are that (1) there is not a lot of seating, and (2) the hours are a bit sporadic.Delicious , staff very friendly. Came for lunch on a Thursday. Got the pepper steak with collars greens and okra. Large amount of food. I add salt to EVERYTHING and didn't even need to add any! Nice selection of drinks also.Food was very, very good. Nice selection. Great service with friendly staff.The Nile Cafe has been quietly going for 18 years and is part of a collective that follows the Pan-African spirituality of Ausar Auset. I was reminded to visit when the West Chester group CARE reviewed it in their newsletter.  Having grown up with Southern cooking as well as being a fan of Bryant Terry's soul food cookbooks, I was eager to taste the food here.  It is lovingly-made, tender and savory home cooking at its most comforting, and it is all vegan.
At the corner of High Street and Germantown Avenue, they don't seem to advertise, and it can be easy to miss the large glass storefront.  There is a very neighborly feel to the place, which is also a small store and sort of a cultural center where people visit and hang out.  We saw signs for a drumming class.  Everyone seemed to know each other, and there was a steady stream of customers coming by for takeout.  How we missed the desserts, I don't know; maybe they were not on display yet, but we did NOT miss the ice cream selection, many kinds in a big case.  I had some fresh vegetable juice too and regret not taking home sweet potato and zucchini bread.
The menu is written on a board outside the tiny kitchen.  You go up to the window and order, and they will bring it out to you.  There were 4 dishes when we were there as well as four sides. You get two sides with a meal, so we got to try them all. The collards and cabbage were sooooo tender.  How do they do it?  We loved their okra, corn, and tomatoes too.  The barbecue chicken, made from seitan so tender it almost falls apart, is the most popular dish.  My spicy fish with tomato sauce was delicious too.  We swapped plates several times to make sure we both got to taste everything.
This simple delicious style of food could be all the rage and would appeal to everyone, I know, and I hope it will spread.  For two dinners, a bottle of water, a fresh juice, and ice cream, the price was $28. They do indeed take credit cards too.  I will be back and hope I can get to taste the Jamaican patties, chicken-fried steak, and pork and greens.  What a wonderful way to live one's values of non-violence while not sacrificing flavor or healthfulness.This place has been wildly updated since the previous review! There is now a solid menu and you don't have to simply question the chef, and the service is just great. 
The menu includes things like Jamaican chicken (which comes in a savory pineapple sauce to die for!), pepper steak, soy duck, greens, cornbread, banana bread, 12 bean soup, etc. I've personally tried everything mentioned save for the soup, which I was told tastes great. Everything is flavored with such care and skill, and the textures of the "meat" dishes were even acceptable to all my meat-eating friends. Their "meat" dishes come from soy and wheat gluten, and they're happy to tell you what your dish is made from before you order.
The Nile has a refrigerator filled with natural fruit juices and vegan cakes (which, by the way, taste great ... especially the strawberry shortcake!). They also have a freezer filled with vegan ice cream (at least 9 different flavors!) and it tastes amaaaaazing!
The service is also great. Very nice people at the window who you can easily have a long conversation with, and I've definitely spent a good amount of time talking to the people. It's a good atmosphere.  :)
I definitely give The Nile 5 stars and I hope you check it out! It's a really chill, laid back place, and you're bound to have a good meal and enjoy yourself.Great food! Staff awesome! Great vibe! I wish I could take them home to DC.  I really loved the Brown Lentil soupDelicious food with a great ambiance. Just a very chill vibe and creative vegetarian food. And insane desserts.So yummy! Loved the jerk drumsticks and the chicken with gravy. The side of yams were great too. Highly recommend if you're looking for a comforting and tasty meal.
Everything is vegal. Also loved their ice cream.I have been to the Nile Cafe at least 6 times now and each time the food has been great! Its one of the few all vegan restaurants in my area and I am so glad for it. The menu remains a constant give or take the soups and they added a Jamaican "Beef" Patty which was excellent. The order is placed at the counter but the service is prompt and friendly and the kitchen can be seen clearly. Soul food at its finest. We love the "fish" stew, the "chicken" drumsticks and the "duck" obviously all soy and wheat based. Its not just the food, I really love the culture of this place and the people are friendly. There's a store in the same place that sells African knicknacks. Will be back soon!One of the most difficult things since transitioning to vegetarianism has been giving up my favorite soul food items. I was so excited to discover Nile Cafe and I've been wanting to try vegan soul food after reading about it in Bryant Terry's cookbook. 
 My Mom and I ordered the faux bbq chicken with stewed okra/corn/tomatoes, and the spicy fish with collard greens and brown rice. We also purchased corn bread and peach cobbler. Everything is really good. I preferred the subtle tang of the spicy fish to the sweetness of the bbq chicken but we both enjoyed all of the sides. 
The people there are also really nice and they let me have the middle part of the cornbread! I'll definitely be back.The best vegan soul food I've found in this area! Black-owned with clothes, books, lotions, and much more for sale. They also have a ton of information about other black owned businesses in the area.Once I finally figured out that I was in the right place, things went well.  There is no sign, or maybe minimal signage, & I only went inside because of the address.  When you walk in you are hit with incredible smells.  Who knew there was such a thing as vegan soul food? They were out of quite a bit by the time I arrived, but I was still able to have greens & jerk chicken, all were very good.  It is extremely casual, which worked for me after a long day & kid friendly.  Their lack of signage didn't seem to have a negative impact on business.  It's a do-over.My wife and I loved the food.  She had the Jerk Chicken, which she found perfectly spiced.  I had the Chicken and Gravy, which was pretty good though not as rich as I had hoped.  The Collard Greens, however, were amazing.  I grew up in the south and these collards were like sitting at my grandma's kitchen table.
In terms of the ambiance, it's a community center where people come together to explore healthy food, sound living and how to be in better relationship with one another.  So it's very casual with a very authentic connection between good food and living a good life.
We'll be back.You know that feeling when you take a bite of food and it's so good, you feel like your whole body's smiling? That's the feeling I get when I eat at Nile Cafe, which is one of my favorite places to take friends, especially those who have never tried vegan food and think that it must be a grim affair. From their mouth-watering entrees, sides, and baked goods to the lively décor, relaxed atmosphere, and friendly service, The Nile makes for an excellent casual-dining experience. 
You can put together your meal based on a variety of all-vegan entrees, sides, wraps, soups, and salads. Some of my favorites are the pepper steak and lemon chicken entrees, as well as the sides of collard greens, cabbage, okra, corn, and tomato, and cornbread. And don't forget to check out the refrigerated cases of vegan cakes, sweet breads, ice cream (yes, vegan ice cream!), and cold drinks. 
It's wonderful that there are so many vegan food establishments popping up all over Philadelphia, and it's especially nice to see Jamaican/soul food, which seems underrepresented relative to some other cuisines. The Nile serves as an excellent model of the fact that vegan food is not only good for the animals and good for personal health, but also good for local and global communities. And good for the soul.One of the reasons my 14-year marriage to Cynthia came to an end was because I was afraid to take chances. I settled into a career as an actuary after college. My parents convinced me to take business classes when I attended Ramapo College of New Jersey. I took a creative writing class early on and thought it might be fun to write for a living. However, I took the safe route. 
Don't get me wrong. I don't have any complaints about my career choice. It's great work running risk valuation models for parking garage construction firms throughout North America. I like it quite a bit and even get to mentor young actuaries. 
I moved into a Manayunk townhouse. Cynthia and our twin sons Bradley and Bryan all live in Glenside. Even though they're just a phone call away, it definitely feels far away. But being this alone at home does give the incentive to try new things and take some chances, even though it's too late to save my wedding. 
Anyways, I decided to try out veganism. I had heard of vegetarians (one of the secretaries at work is a vegetarian and also works at a Delco pet shelter) but wasn't aware of veganism until I heard Bill Clinton talk about it on C-Span. I heard about the Nile Cafe from right here on Yelp and since Germantown isn't too far from my Manayunk townhouse, I decided to give it a try.
I have to say that the food was definitely unique. And by that I mean DELICIOUS. Everything was so tasty -- the okra, faux BBQ chicken, vegetable platter, etc. I'm very glad I tried it out. The decor at the place was also unique and interesting, to say the least, too! Germantown definitely has a LOT of potential as an eclectic neighborhood.
I decided not to stay vegan, though. One night was enough! I couldn't resist and had to have a F'Real milkshake from the Mt. Airy Wawa.
I would recommend Nile Cafe to anyone in Northwest Philadelphia who is contemplating veganism as a means to help them try new things as a means of self-improvement when dealing with the collapse of a 14-year marriage.I went here for the first time today. You have to just listen to your GPS when it says you have arrived since their is not a big sign. When I went in it looked intimate and smelled amazing. I ordered the beef pattie, chicken salad, lemon chicken, stew fish, collard greens and okra tomatoes and corn. (I got excited lol) I wanted cake but they sold out by the time I arrived. (must be delicious) I was so hungry I couldn't wait for my 15min drive home to eat so I ate the beef pattie in the car. Omg so delicious . Once I arrived home I tried everything else and it was also delicious. Can't wait to go back!!!I love the food here. I come here often and I'm rarely disappointed. I love the baked chicken drizzled with brown gravy. The "fish"'entree is pretty good too. My typical go-to for sides are the okra and tomatoes, and the brown rice. I think their desserts are made from an outside company and I'm not a fan. Not very flavorful and a little bland. The staff is always friendly. I just wish that almost all the entrees didn't include soy, hence the 4 star rating.Amazing vegan desserts, I noticed no difference in the cinnamon bun. I expected a little more from the meat. Maybe it was an off day? My long time vegetarian found the texture of the lemon chicken to be a little off. Stewed fish was decent, and collard greens were better than my grandma's lol.I live in the neighborhood and we try to support the local quality businesses as we try to restore the Germantown shopping district to it's former grandeur.  If you have read any of the other reviews about them, you know they are welcoming and informative about their offerings. I had the split pea and spinach soup of the day, a generous bowl for $3.50I had the BBQ "chicken" with collard greens and the okra, corn and tomato sides. It's a vegan restaurant, so all entrees ("duck, Pepper Steak, BBQ Wheat Meat, chicken and tuna) are all from soy or wheat. The food is cooked in small batches, which may explain why they might be out of something if they have had a busy day.The majority of the floor space is given over to Afro-centric clothing, hair and cosmetics which don't interest me, but they interest you....looks like quality.Me and my daughter decided to try Nile Cafe because it's in our area and the reviews were good. Even though I'm not vegan, didn't mind trying it out. 
It's on Germantown Ave. , so it's street parking.  We got on a meter. Walking up to the place, I didn't think we were at the right place. Didn't see a sign or anything that indicated it was a restuarant.  We went in because of the address :/
When we entered there is a afrocentric shop to the left and the Nile restuarant to your right.  I think this place could be very nice with some love and care. It has nice plants all around with tables and chairs. But boxes sitting in the corner making the place look junky :/. The sign to order your food from looked like somebody leaned on it and smeared the writing off the bottom.
The man behind the counter was very nice, took our order and brought our food to us.
I got the duck (with gravy)( it's soy) , sweet potatoes  and cabbage.  It was very good except the duck! It was very rubbery and no taste. Will not get that again!
My daughter got barbecue Chicken, (soy) collard greens and okra, corn and tomatoes.  She really enjoyed her food. I also got a piece of carrot cake to go. It was very good as well. 
Bottom line, would go back, the food was great minus the rubbery duck!
I gave it 4 stars because of the appearance of the place and no sign on the building!We enjoyed a delicious vegan meal from here. He kids had bbq "chicken", collard greens and rice, hubby and I had "duck", stewed okra and rice. The food was amazing the staff was very friendly. They even had vegan dessert options (which we didn't try) that we make order next time.I dined here for lunch. I decided on this place because oft the variety of vegan dishes. I chose the combo: 2 entrees and 2 sides. I picked the steak, duck, rice and cabbage. The flavor was ok. I wished it had more flavor. The texture of the steak wasn't bad. The duck's texture was weird and did not move me. The combo was $16. The Portion was small. The food is served from a steamed table so it's Luke warm. I added more spices to the dish when I got home. I also had chocolate ice cream. Not bad. 
I will try a cold item the next visit to see if that catches my attention.They have a variety of food on their menu including sandwiches and desserts, all vegan. I called in to order a combo of 1 entree and 2 sides. What I got BBQ chicken with cabbage and okra+tomato+corn. Because the menu didn't use alternative spellings like chic'n, I asked whether it was vegan and it was. The food was ready for pick up when I arrived, and I paid with a credit card. All three dishes were flavorful. I would have liked it more if the spice was stronger, but it was still good. Chicken, made of soy, was chewy.I've never actually had an entirely vegan meal before trying this place and I was pleasantly surprised. I'm exploring a more vegan/alkaline diet and this place has inspired me greatly! I ordered the pepper steak and my friend ordered the bbq chicken. The texture of both meats were very similar to what the actual meats feel like! I enjoyed the bbq chicken more but I plan to return to try other items. The cabbage was delicious and flavorful as well , good job!My fiancé is lactose intolerant but loves ice cream so we come here on occasion to enjoy their very good vegan ice cream.  I believe it is soy based which, IMO, is much better than the coconut milk ice cream everyone seems to make.  It is very creamy and reasonably close to the real thing.  
I would be lying if I said that we didn't feel out of place but everyone was always very friendly.  A very interesting and unique space.   Highly recommend if you are looking for vegan ice cream.We loved our dinners from the Nile Cafe today. Everything tasted incredible and fresh! Everyone there was so helpful. We will definitely go back soon. You should try The Nile Cafe!You walk in to this afrocentric bookstore.. look to your left and OH.. there's the Nile Cafe.. it's very cute, and very small. The atmosphere is very welcoming, the guy in the back is extremely nice also.
when you order you can get small or large which includes your entree and 2 sides. For a small it's 9$..I  got the "pepper steak" and brown rice.. I'm not really a fan of any of the others side they had to offer , cabbage, okra corn tomato  (not a fan in general, nothing against theirs specifically ) .. I was sort of forced into getting it because they had run out of pretty much everything. and it was like 3pm.. that's kind of ridiculous but whatever. The pepper steak just wasn't seasoned enough , which really disappointed me. 
They take cash and credit :D .. and they are like practically around the corner from me so I figure I'll go back in again and hopefully they have more than 1 choice and it's not the pepper steak!Here's the jist of it: this restaurant is catered to people who are used to the flavor and texture of meat and are trying to adjust to eating a more healthy, vegan diet.
That being said, the food is not meant to be something drastically different from its meat counterpart, and so it feels like the food is lacking in experimentation.
Also I was shocked at how little food I got for a $20 combo "platter".
If you're used to the flavor of meat, you'll love this restaurant, be prepared for a smaller than average portion size.I had heard mixed reviews of this place but my first experience here was good! I tried the lemon chicken, plantains and rice and it was really good. They don't have dine in right now so it's just take out. Decent sized portions. Looking forward to trying more on the menuI think i eat here atleast once every 2 weeks at a minimum. They are the best, I'm so in love with everything they make. Order everything atleast once it's worth it and its delicious.The service and food is phenomenal. I was a little reluctant to try vegan chicken, but to my surprise it was very tasty. I would strongly recommend their ginger chicken, cabbage and sweet plantains. My husband order the bbq and jerk chicken and he enjoyed his meal too.Excellent! I really wish I had the ability to get out here more often -- I visited one weekend when I made the trek out to the burbs to visit the arboretum.
The food is all vegan friendly and southern inspired. I liked the BBQ chicken myself, and the cornbread was a really nice traditional style (my family tends to make it sweeter, but I know that's abnormal). The platters are a QUANTITY of food, and I was happy with an entree with cornbread.
The people there were very nice, and you order at the counter and the staff bring you your meal. Furthermore, they leave your tab open, so you pay when you leave, so that if you want to add-on, it's not a separate purchase. Nice! They do take cards. Very nice place, and it looks like it's a really nice neighborhood fixture.Very disappointing experience. Took a friend from out of town that heard great things. 
The restaurant was empty with the exception of 2 people eating. 
Upon entering the restaurant we greeted staff with no response. We stood around for at least 5 minutes with no interaction from staff. One man passed by us without acknowledging our presence or asking if we needed help. The customers seated received service as staff held conversations without offering any assistance to place an order.
Dollars we're ready to be spent in an opportunity to patronize a local business was missed.The food was hot fresh and amazing ready in minutes friendly service good vives and great vegan options with dishes many places don't serveThis place is so incredibly interesting....and delish! Jamaican influenced vegan soul food? Count me in! 
Stopped by for a takeout lunch while I was in the area. I may make a habit of being close by more often after tasting what Nile has to offer!
I walked through tons of lush greenery after I entered the open yet welcoming, uber casual space. Half of it is designated for various items for sale including oils, clothing and percussion instruments. What a nice surprise it was to be treated to a drumming sesh while waiting for my food to be served up. Awesome! 
There's a pretty small menu and platter deals such as 1 main and two sides or 1 main and three sides and so on. I went with the first option. Torn between the BBQ "chicken" and the Jerk "chicken", the kind gentleman who has been vegan since 1980 and provided amazing conversation steered me towards the jerk. It was amazing!! Full of flavor, a hint of spice and an awesome meaty texture!! Definitely give it a try! 
*They offer both wheat and soy proteins and list them clearly on the menu board for anyone curious. 
I was originally a tad disappointment they were out of cornbread as a side option later in the afternoon by the time I visited. Because hello, vegan cornbread! I went for brown rice and collard greens instead. Boy was I wrong thinking the brown rice would be a boring side. It was topped it with the most insanely flavorful gravy!!! Wow! The collards were perfect as well! 
Intrigued by everything this gem had to offer, I took some chickpea salad, black bean soup and snickerdoodle cake to go also. I just wanted to taste it all! 
The chickpea salad was an awesome pure protein substitute for a potato salad, but had the same consistency and a similar taste. It was filled with diced crunchy veggies too! 
The black bean soup had a little heat to it and was filled with big chunky stewed veggies. Delish! 
The girls gobbled up the cake. It was a nice thick slice and was moist. The vanilla frosting was super creamy and it was drizzled in a delicious sweet, sticky caramel like sauce. Yes, I had a taste! I HAD to! My girls did mention the icing tasted like butter. After tasting I will have to agree while it is delicious, if you're used to the vegan butter Earth Balance, you may just say the same. I don't know for sure that's what they used but I would be extremely surprised if they didn't. 
All and all, it was an awesome first visit and I look forward to many more! From great convo and hanging out with "my people", to incredibly tasty food, and free entertainment too...there wasn't much not to love from this simple pay at the counter joint with some funky flare. 
There was an awesome sense of community here and I love being around other people with such a love and passion for animals and Mother Earth. It's a definitely a feel good kind of place vibrating with pure positivity. 
*They use all filtered water for their cooking and have a filling station. If you have bottles, bring 'em. 
**Check out the table with flyers for local business and events!
*** There's a small parking lot in the back with no line markers, but it's safe to park there, or so I was told by the staff at the restaurant. I had no issues.My sister and I are both vegan and were excited to try the food here with all the good reviews. We got the bbq chicken, jerk chicken legs and pepper steak. We were really surprised how bad the fake meat was. The flavors and textures were so off we just threw everything away.I did takeout from Nile Cafe last evening during the Covid-19 pandemic.  It was easy.  Order on the phone and the food is ready in about 15 minutes for pickup from their Dutch door temporary takeout window.  This is a Black owned vegan restaurant which is proving quite popular in Northwest Philly.  After eating their food I can see why.  I ordered their wheat beef pepper steak accompanied by collard greens and okra (w/ corn and tomatoes). I found everything quite tasty but especially the vegan pepper steak and the delicious okra dish. I liked the collard greens okay but they were not as memorable as others I have eaten.  When the pandemic is finally over, one will be able to dine inside but until then - there's nothing wrong with a takeout meal from Nile Cafe.I honestly had been waiting to try this place for so long and was so disappointed. The only thing I tasted was salt with every bite. Im actually about to take my blood pressure because Im sure I have hypertension now.Ordered from here a few times because of their vegetarian options. Great spot tucked in  Germantown section of philly pretty easy to miss. Friendly customer service I highly recommend the pepper steak and broccoli. Sweet potatoes and cabbage is very good as wellThe food was sooooo good but there were a couple things that forced me score this restaurant at 3 stars. First and foremost the cook/guy who served me my food.... he was not warm and inviting at all. He made a sarcastic rude comment after I inquired about an entree that looked so good. This was my first time at this place and I did not feel welcomed at all. Secondly.... they're a little pricey to me.... this cuisine is vegan.... there's no meat, starches, etc... why does it cost the same thing as an actual Jamaican food platter???I felt the food was just ok and even though they were not busy, one of the young cashiers acted as if someone asking questions about the menu was an inconvenience. I'll try it again next time.I have heard great things about this place. All of my friends rave about it, but my experience was just okay. I ordered the sweet potatoes, cabbage and BBQ Chicken platter and the sides were amazing although the sweet potatoes could have used some cinnamon. The Chicken was very chewy and very sweet (unlike the sweet potatoes). The Vegan Vanilla Cake tastes like cake batter and not much else but it gave me a nostalgic feeling of at home baking. I am willing to try again because of the service but overall, just okay dining experience.For the past 7 months. After my boyfriend recommended this place, I absolutely cannot stop going here. Ever since I have laid my eyes on the bbq chicken, I will always remember the serotonin and endorphins that fled through my body as I took a bite. If I had the choice of a last meal before I died, it would be from the Nile cafe. With that being said, I will never cease this place my business and now a lifelong customer.Stopped by because I was in the area and Nile Cafe is listed in HappyCow.  The food is delicious.  Particularly enjoyed the okra.  Reasonably priced for the generous portions.  I'll be back next time I have an appt in Philly - or maybe I'll just find a reason to go!!That type of food you wish you knew how to make on your own. So yummy and the staff was super friendly