This place was ah-mazing! We got the all you can eat Bbq and the food just keeps coming. This is a better, more intimate version of hibachi, just on a bbq grill. They also have an all you can eat noodle option that is really cool too! My favorite part was the Asian sauce bar, where there's an array of sauces and spices you can use to spice up your meal. The ice green tea is the best I've ever tasted too. I will be back!Nine ting is awesome!!!!!  I order the hot pot and it was unlimited meats which is great! Server was very nice and very helpful. I can't wait to come back!All you can eat hotpot and BBQ, opened in 2016. Great spot for some debaucherous eating, not for those concerned about their figure. Pro tip: go crazy with the sauce station.Philly was severely lacking any kind of AYCE Korean/Chinese BBQ, so this was definitely a great addition. The food is fine, the interior is fine, and the selection is fine - everything was just fine. Nothing stood out to be particularly, but nothing was terrible (except 1 thing we ordered as I'll explain below).
So, my friend and I got the AYCE BBQ (you can also do Hotpot as well but we did not opt to do so). The food is cooked in front of you by someone who comes by / sticks around for a long time (did we feel kinda weird that our conversations were pretty personal? a bit) - but she was real nice and didn't really seem to care about what we were saying. The food cooks on what i THINK is an infrared system, so there's no real fire. That makes for 1. less smoke (and therefore your clothes dont smell like food TOO much) and 2. a weird, non-charred cook, which I personally like on bbq.
Well, the house steak and short ribs were both great. The short ribs were a bit too fatty for my liking - if there was a real fire maybe this would have rendered a bit more and have been actually somewhat marginally appetizing, but alas it was not. My friend who was a complete noob with chopsticks also had a hard time eating this. The curried chicken breast was not something I would ever recommend. Tasted TOO much like cumin. Like just cumin. mmm. no good.
You can also make your own sauce - I just did equal parts soy sauce, garlic and sesame oil and it was great.
Overall, this place is a great place that you should DEFINITELY try. Just come hungry!Not actually Korean at all. Zero Korean wtiting, appetizers, or ... Food. False advertising.Hubby and I went here on a Friday night. The service was pretty good- our sever steadily tended to our BBQ- and gave really good suggestions for which meats and veggies to order. Hubby wasn't feeling 100%, so I got a half spicy/ half plain hot pot for him- with shrimp, thin sliced beef, and chicken. I got a small bowl of the best rice I have had in a long time. I also got lamb, curry chicken, and chicken wings. All of these meats were bbq'ed. There was wayyyy more food than we could finish, but I managed to polish off a majority of the BBQ. Thank God for a fast metabolism! 
Some quick notes about the food: 
1. I got udon noodles with my hot pot which was a good idea because they never got soggy. 
2. I like that I got a wide spread so that I know what to get next time without wasting food or money. 
3. Try the different sauces and condiments. 
4. Seaweed salad, kimchi, boiled peanuts, and edemame make up the appetizer.First time ever trying Korean barbecue. We had no idea what to expect. My 7 year old and I loved the little appetizers in the beginning, especially the peanuts. We've decided this is not our cup of tea. We prefer to pay someone to cook our food so it will be of the right temperature. We asked the waitstaff for help and we didn't feel very reassured. We loved the sausage, chicken and rib tips. We overcooked the steaks and didn't care for the wings. 
I wouldn't suggest going on an empty stomach. And you better really like to cook. 
The ambiance was great. Very cool tables.Hot pot and friends
Fun times
Beef veggies sausage
Haiku. Wut?! 
Come one. Come all. Come for drinks and food and have a ball. Not a dance ball but a fun time. It's my birthday people it's my time to shineWorse Korean ever (raised in Korean home). First of all there is nothing Korean about this place. For those familiar with a Korean meal there was only 4 Banchan side dishes. Peanuts, seaweed, chewy kimchi and sad looking edamame. Meat selection was good however quite questionable when it arrived. After 15 minutes we finally had to ask for rice. Really?  Admittedly most appeared to be getting hot pot so maybe that's what you should do. If you don't know Korean bbq then you may not be surprised by the fare however that is depressing if this is what you are shown what Korean bbq should be.Love this new place in chinatown with incredible value on their hotpot. WE are not a big fan of their Korean BBQ bc we dont believe it tastes like korean bbq. But we wont hesitate to  go there for the hotpot. service is generally very good, sometimes you wont get all the items you ordered on ur first order so make sure you re-order them. sometimes there is a long wait so be mindful of that. we generally go during off peak hours and lunchThe food looks fine but really tastes unfresh. I felt nauseous right after the hot pot meal.Nice atmosphere and friendly employees. As for the food, I personally like the hotpot better than the bbq. The bbq was not so well marinated and it didn't seem so fresh. It wasn't worth the price. The hotpot, on the other hands, was good. I would recommend the hotpot only. Would definitely come here again for the hotpot.Excellent birthday dinner (where I got to eat for free) in the spacious private space in the back. Prompt service and great food. Love that they are BYOB. Shoutout to my buddies that brought a bottle of Jameson for birthday shots!First, the wait is toooooo long. I went there on Friday night and we were 3 people to order hot pot . They gave us 2 peoples seat for 3 adults, even though the food how good it is, we were not comfy to enjoy it. And the service was terrible, every time we ordered the food, they must skip something, we needed to order again and again . At the end we paid the bill and gave them around 18% tips of the bill but they asked for 20% tips or more, it's absolutely not worth to paid 20% tips for terrible service. If ask for 20% or more for tips to have terrible service I would recommend to go to other restaurant .We have always been their customers since they were open. The hot pot was always good but the bbq was so so. Their wait staff was very nice before that's why we kept going back. But two weeks ago we had the worse experience we ever had when we were there. The service sucked. The dirty dishes kept piled up on the side seat and the empty bottles never got taken away. The sever kept disappear on us. The bbq food was all very tasteless. We had 9 people that day and it made all of us fell disappointed. Don't think we will go back anytime soon.Went here with my family to get some hotpot. Very cool that you get your individual bowls and can cook to the temperature you want. The place is all you can eat, which is much better than some of the other hotpot places. But there is a fee if you waste food. They also have a sauce/condiments bar for you to make your own broth. Service was okay.There is nothing special about this place. The hotpot is no different than what we do ourseleves at home. The bbq meat cannot be compared to Korean bbq at all. The grills were very slow, we waited for a long time for our food to get cooked. Some of us had stomach issues after the dinner. 
They also should not call themselves Korean because they are not the same! 
The staff are friendly however, our waitress always did not bring up the food that we asked for, I understand that we had a big group but this is all you can eat buffet. It was frustrated that we had to ask her multiple times in order for her to bring a small plate of something while we had a big group of 12. 
The atmosphere is def nice but I will never come back.Nine Ting is an all you can eat place that has the orders delivered to your table, and it has a huge selection whether you choose to go with the hot pot route or BBQ route.
The only hot pots I've had before NineTing was at home or at a friend's place, so this was a interesting experience. There is a large selection of sauces that you can mix for dipping, and it even have a sign that offers a recommendation of blend for first timers or people that just aren't so sure. 
For the actual food, we chose a large variety of meats and veggies, and I am sure that only the veggies, instant noodles, and fish balls were up to expectation. The actual meats such as beef and chicken were very disappointing. The beef is flavorless and just feels like textured cloth, and the chicken is... weird. For the price, I was expecting a somewhat decent quality beef that actually has a taste. I would have much rather rounded up all the money that we spent at Nine Ting and buy quality ingredients for a better hot pot at the cozy comforts of home.
The waiters are really friendly and helpful. They point out how to start the in-table stoves and will constantly keep an eye out for an emptying water cup and will refill the hot pot with more boiling broth as it dries up. They are also quick to take orders from customers. The only reason this was a two star was because of the great waiters.An incredible hot pot place that gets so many things right. They have an extensive, all-you-can eat menu that covers most of the ingredients you'll find in hot pot restaurants, and more - a fantastic variety of meats, cuttlefish balls, mushrooms and vegetables, etc. A pot of boiling hot pot broth sits at your table all night, and you can order as much as you want anytime throughout your stay, which is limited to 2 hrs (don't waste, or you'll get a 20% surcharge!). 
The sauce bar adds even more to the mix-and-match excitement, and I sampled each of them - the classic hot chili oil is still my favorite, but I love mixing it with the red pepper, minced garlic, and scallions. 
There was always a server around to re-fill our waters, and we both got free ice cream for checking in on Facebook and "Liking" their page. I chose green tea, and it was delicious, dense, and creamy. The $22 or something flat fee for the buffet might be a bit steep, but for get-togethers, concluding a Chinatown exploration, or introducing a friend to the area, I think it's a great treat every once in awhile.This is a great place to hold a BYO all you can eat party. We had fun celebrating a friends birthday here with 12+ people. We sat in a private room around one giant table with two grills in the center. We were brought bowls full of edamame, rice, red pepper paste, peanuts, and seaweed salad. We then proceeded to order, and cook mass quantities of meat ourselves. Duck, pork belly, lamb, beef, chicken, muscles... it went on and on deliciously. The duck and lamb were my favorite. I enjoyed the Korean seasoning, and the juicy, crispy meat. The muscles were not seasoned, dry, and the only thing that I did not enjoy.
My friends Korean mother told me that it was run by Chinese, and that some parts weren't quite right, but that she thought it was ok. My boyfriend was a little sketched out at the cooking it yourself, but he is always far more concerned about food poisoning that I am. Also it seemed like if you were a small party they cooked it for you.
Service was fast, and didn't seem to mind that we were always in need of more chopsticks and napkins. They joked with us, and played birthday music in the room when they brought out the cake.First time here. Hot pot and bbq food is really good, very filling. Received a free meal for my birthday.What's better then hot pot at a cold night? 
This place is great. All u can eat for $$25 a person. Not bad! They don't speak very well English tho so be prepared for it. They all speak Chinese here I think.
Anyway. Enjoy! Eat a lot!Came for AYCE hot pot. Got 3 broth flavors- kimchi, plain, and spicy.  Didn't think that the broth was very flavorful and wish they had more variety in their food selections as well as their sauces. Also thought that the beef was way too fatty, and not worth ordering. It's not a bad place for hot pot, but definitely not the best.This is probably my favorite place to go on birthdays. I totally recommend both the hot pot and the kbbq!!Twenty-two dollars for all you can eat hot pot? This is truly the stuff of dreams! My friend and I shared the classic half-half pot and ordered a variety of fresh veggies and seafood in addition to the prepackaged, highly-processed goodness that is fish tofu and Fuzhou style fish balls. They even have fresh blue crab available! While the crabs are small, they are a suitable size for cooking in the hot pots. With the price point this low and the competing hot pot joints in the area so lackluster, I genuinely have no complaints to make. Unless you hate delicious, affordable food, I recommend eating your next meal at Nine Ting!This is a pretty fake Korean BBQ place... I was so excited to have Korean BBQ in Philly, but it turns out so disappointed... The meats suck, might be frozen for so long, even corn tastes like a paper.... I paid $70 something for 2 n tips. The service was not good either. They Never cared about meats burning. I do everything by myself. I don't know why they have such a high rating. I guess hot pot is good? 
Please do not try Korean BBQ here. Meats, kimchi and even source are not authentic. I hope regular American do not think this is a real Korean BBQ. Instead of this, I would have any other Chinese food in China Town.The Korean BBQ is mediocre and tasteless. The marinated beef dishes do not taste like Korean Beef at all so I don't know why they call it Korean BBQ. Fraud alert! The service is alright, nothing fancy. The server at the end confronted us about the tips we left ($15 for $100 bill). So rude. Never come back to this place.Not a Korean BBQ and I'm not sure if it even counts as BBQ. All the meat tasted the same. Could have easily had a better meal anywhere else. A lot of the meat was just too fatty and the grill was not set up properly to sear away the fat. We came here just for the meat and we were very disappointed. Additionally, the service was terrible. Hostess was very rude and waiter checked in with us with a mouth full of food. Spend your $27 anywhere else and you'd probably be happier.I ordered the hot pot and I still had to ask for soup bowls then I had to ask for soup spoons. New waiter or not, they should pay attention to their table needsGreat bang for your buck! The hot pot was great, plenty of options. We were seated a smaller table at first, but asked to move to a bigger table since the place was only half full. Definitely my favorite hot spot place in Chinatown.Nice place to eat hot pot, and nice service. Fresh food, and the desert is good. Also the free ice cream we got.Not actually Korean at all. Zero Korean language, appetizers, or ... Food. False advertising.Nice spot but they made me wait literally 3 hours and 45 minutes...they said that other people paid but are still drinking and will not be able to seat us, but we saw a lot of people walking in and being seated. So disappointed.When you walk in, it smells like heaven and I don't mind smelling like bbq for the rest of my day. Come for the bbq or the hot pot... or both!bad service I did not feel so welcome here n I felt like they was rushing us to eat n wanted us to get outI was so excited when hearing a korean restaurant is opening in Chinatown. And it's buffet style. They have all you can eat shabu shabu for $22 or Korean BBQ for $27, but if you wanna try both, it's $30! All you can eat!!!
So I went there with a group of friends, we ordered both bbq and shabu. I was disappointed. First of all, the bbq meat is not fresh, which is a huge turn off. Secondly, the shabu broth is lack of natural flavor, and you can tell there is MSG in the broth. 
They have a sauce bar like all other shabu restaurant so you can make your own sauce. You can ask the server to help you to cook the bbq if you are not familiar with the process. The service is kinda slow, but no biggie. 
It's a good place for group dining or if you are really really hungry. But don't go there if you want some quality food and dining experience.
And FYI, their so called Korean BBQ is NOT real korean bbq, it's .... it's just bbq.Nine ting is literally the only place I go to celebrate my birthday nowadays. Great selection, delicious all you can eat beans hot pot, a make your own sauce bar, and it's free on your birthday? What more can you ask for. Even if it's not free, it's still a good deal for the money in my opinion (I've paid full price before as well), especially if you get hot pot OR BBQ instead of both.My favorite hot-pot place in Philly. The selection of meats and veggies are really good. The sauce bar is excellent and the soup bases are pretty good as well. My favorites are pig-bone broth and the kimchi broth. They serve banchans (side dishes) as well and they're pretty good. I have not tried the BBQ but I bet that is great too. Definitely give it a go.This place has both BBQ and hot pot! The service was great and the food is fresh!! I really like their variety of choices and the atmosphere is also great!Excellent food... First time here and will come back again.
It was the best way to end the day after a long plane ride into PHL on a cold night! (25 degree!)Hot pot was good for me but the BBq wasnt an authentic korean BBq, kalbi sucks, if u eat lot of kalbi or short ribs, they will give u a kalbi with lot of fat part on your next round. Its happen to me while having a dinner with my friend, we were laughing to their food. The staff keeps staring at our table. Feels akward and creepy.Being a huge hot pot/shabu shabu fan - I have been excited for the recent openings of new places in our area in the past year.  The place is very modern and clean using top notch material and their featured combo hot pot BBQ all you can eat deal is a great value since our server Phoebe was very attentive and stayed by our table to cook our meats and grabbed any extra requests for us as needed. The service was quick and efficient and everyone worked pretty well as a team.  They offer a free meal if it's your birthday and you cannot beat that. My personal broth  - the herbal is probably the best herbal broth offered in the city. You can smell the fresh aromas conjured from old memories of grandmas herbal broth.  They offer a wide range of choices of meats, veggies, sides, and stocked with a do it yourself sauce bar and its really all you can eat. I honestly wanted to try everything but my gastronomical guilt set in of not wanting to waste any food or also get charged a 20 percent wasting fee which they do charge but it doesn't seem they would call you out. Overall, a good experience and a welcomed addition to our city and those new to the shabu shabu experience where in Philly, there's still a large room to grow.The more I think about the overall experience, the more angry I get. So my sister and I wanted to try this place because we love korean bbq, and they had decent reviews. Know that we didn't have the soup, we only did the bbq option. The location has a two hour time limit which is fine and dandy. The thing they don't tell you is that their grills are at such a low temperature that it take forever to cook your meat. You cannot fit a lot on the grill either, which makes me wonder how parties more than two ever get a decent bite in. The side dishes served were pathetic and completely untraditional. For example, they served salted peanuts in a dish. I think if you call yourself a Korean bbq buffet, your side dishes should have multiple Korean sides. Furthermore during the meal, there were no sauces, NO SAUCES, it's expected that the dipping sauces be accompanied with the meat. Pathetic. We were greeted once at our table and never asked how the meal was. The waters given didn't have straws and the cups were not clean. We left not full, but as if we had left a seven eleven, sad and hunger curbed. Basically save your money, don't come here, and go to a real korean bbq.- TIP:  Don't miss the sauce station.  The staff doesn't always direct you there.
- CON:  Don't go with too large of a group -- the staff really struggled with our order, and required that we order in one combined order.
- BOTTOM LINE:   Have you ever been to Simply Shabu before it closed?  It was much better than Nine Ting.  But with limited hot pot options left, at least Nine Ting is decent hot pot.Great selection of meats and vegetables and BYOB. Fast service and very accommodating. Probably the first AYCE I've felt comfortable ordering multiple times in, so thank you Nine Ting.If you're hungry and are not going out after, this is a great deal. All you can eat for $28 isn't bad, as long as you don't mind smelling like a piece of meat afterward. My go-tos are the steak with house sauce, pork belly, and marinated beef short rib. I love mussels in general but these mussels were a bit fishy. The sauce and toppings bar is amazing, you can replenish on all of the chili oil, BBQ sauce, and scallions your heart desires. It's a great place to go for a group of 4 or more people and it's BYOB. Be prepared to wait for about 20-30 mins during peak times. Service is always friendly, sometimes not the promptest when busy.Food is ok but sadly service is horrible. Especially the short hair girl at the cashier. She's always seem to be unhappy greeting customers (this is my 3rd time here) this time we ask for 2 hotpot and 2 BBQ. That girl said "ok make sure you don't share because the prices are different. We have cameras so we will be watching you. There will be a fine if you share" 
Wow. Ok that's fine but the way she said makes people feel very uncomfortable. We will probably not come back.The hot pot and barbecue was delicious. It was nice that the hot pot can come individually. The staffs were really nice and friendly. And the black pepper steaks are reallygood and juicy.Did AYCE BBQ only - very good, but the grills aren't the usual KBBQ type. Better options exist in the US namely in LA, but for Philly, this is probably your best bet for AYCE. Always packed here for dinner so come early or expect to wait. They have a sauce station with every usable condiment you can think of!Very good. I like the environment and the food.. It's really traditional Chinese food. Very good place for Chinese couple.Great food! Best place for BBQ and hot pot in Philly. S many choices in terms of seafood, meat and veggies.
Be sure to try the tomato broth. My wife loves it!It's a long wait but the food it's good and the place it's nice. It has pillows and comfort seats.The hot pot is really good, especially tomatoe style source base. Their blue crabs you can order as much you can. Bbq short ribs and beef tongue are very yummy for bbq part.Service was great and hotpot and KBBQ were tasty. We went with a big group of seventeen people and all the food came out very quickly.This is definitely the best Korean barbecue that you can find in Philadelphia! Amazing service, we had our waiter at our table constantly to help us cook and cut the meat, and there was an amazing selection of meats and vegetables and side dishes, and a large bar to make your own sauces which is definitely unique!Nice hot pot! A variety of food. Beef and lamb are most recommended! The service is the best ever.Great spot for hot pot. Beef lamb chicken duck crabs shrimp almost anything you could want. And it's all you can eat. For the price it is hard to beat. The Bbq could have a better marinade and flavor. And the grill takes a long time to cook. I would recommend hotpot only.Update to my previous review, this place remains excellent! Service was very good, Ben was our server and he was extremely attentive - he even brought us a bowl of cilantro when it ran empty on the sauce bar. A+.Firat order they came fast.. and the second and third will take forever.. so I assume this is not a buffet. There is a lot more korean BBQ restaurants out there much better than this place.. better food and better serviceDecor is modern and amazing. Nice addition to Chinatown. We tried the kbbq. Their ingredients were fresh - beef tongue is amazing and a must get. The waiter even cooked for us the entire time. Great service. I need to come back and try their hot pot!One word: Bad. 
I wanted to try this place out because it was AYCE kbbq and who doesn't like all you can eat? 
The food was terrible. The meats they had weren't even Korean marinades. This place uses like some savory marinade you'd taste in Vietnamese noodle dishes like Bun bo hue or Bun Rieu. How is that even Korean??? It wasn't even Korean inspired!! The only meat I recommend is the pepper steak. 
Service: HORRIBLE. The place was empty and these Chinese servers couldn't even speak English to us and we would have to ask for someone else. Not only that, but they were way overstaffed. The worst part? While we were "eating" they would stare at us and I'm talking about 7-10 servers just standing, talking in their own language and staring at us like 3 feet away. WHO DOES THAT? 
I should've been thrown off when there was only one other group eating hot-pot. I can only speak for the Korean food, but the service alone makes me regret ever trying this place out. 
Don't come here. The food is nasty and the service is even worse.This is the third time that I have been here and I am still impressed. The quality of service is superb. The all you can hotpot is an awesome experience. I have yet to be disappointed. Come hungry!Helloooooooo AYCE KBBQ and hot pot!  I've been waiting so long for you to arrive in Philly, I can hardly tell you how excited I was when I was first told that such a place was opening!
KBBQ: hubby got the kbbq, and true to form, ate A LOT of it.  He absolutely loved the short rib/kalbi.  Other meats were fine, but not memorable.  Hack: kbbq places sometimes give you "crack sauce"--they don't here, but you can make your own "crack sauce" at the hot pot sauce station--little salt and sesame oil.
HOT POT: I got the hot pot, and was rather proud of myself for not getting meat-ed out.  They have a great selection of meats, seafood, veggies, and other hot pot goodies--I was pretty pleased with their selection!  They also have several different types of broth--the "original", ma la (spicy), tomato (mine was a little sour :/ ), chinese herb, etc.  Make your own sauce at the station--and note while "sha cha jiang" is sometimes called Chinese BBQ sauce, that is **not** the same thing here--it's labelled with something that starts with a T, maybe.
SOME EXTRAS: They gave us a seafood pancake appetizer at the beginning which...basically didn't have any seafood.  Fail...except that it was actually still kinda tasty, once you get over the fact that there's no seafood.
Dessert = fruit, and there's also a sweet soup where the hot pot sauce station is.
This place is BYOB!  You'll need to ask for a bottle opener though.
SERVICE/ATMOSPHERE: Brand spanking new, so place looks pretty nice now.  Our party of 4 sat at a table that could seat 6--There were 6 smaller hot pot surfaces for each individual, and one large hot pot surface and one large kbbq surface for the table.  This means that there isn't enough space for all of the food to be cooked (but let's be real...is there ever?!)
Service is way better if you speak chinese--several of the waiters/waitresses are obviously much more comfortable in Chinese (going so far as to breathe a sigh of relief and say "oh, you DO speak chinese" when I started ordering).
Note that if/when you order more stuff to grill/boil, make sure you ask for a guy who's walking around with an ipad--that's how it's being sent to the kitchen.
Also...no ventilation fans?  Seems like a bad idea for a hotpot/kbbq place.  I basically got my face steamed with hotpot steam.
PRICE:  $22 for hot pot, $27 for bbq, $32 for both hotpot and kbbq.  This seems pricey to me, but not insane/unreasonable.
OVERALL: not bad, at least for philly!  I haven't seen any kbbq places, and selection/prices at other hot pot places have made me sad and still a little hungry.  Food is not *to die for*, but it's definitely solid, and will hit the spot!Lovely place! I always visited this restaurant when I'm in Philadelphia. Definitely worth the money.The food was excellent. There's variety within the menu, the service was great. They filled your water cup appropriately.  The pricing is reasonable. The location is easy to get too.  I highly recommend this place and will be returning soon.A lot of good stuffs to put in your hot pot. The broth can be bland so you should choose the more flavorful types like spicy. Overall still my go to place for hot pot in Chinatown.Not the best service. Waiters kind of walk around absentmindedly and I tried to flag someone down multiple times to get water but they'd only glance at me and continue to walk past. There were hardly any other people there on a slow Thursday night so that's disappointing. Besides wondering when I'd ever get a refill, the food quality is alright and I wasn't impressed by my hot pot despite how much seasoning I put into it. I'd come again if a friend begged me to but I don't think I'd ever want to willingly come here considering how much it costs to eat for one person and how average the food/service is (the bare minimum I ask for is refilled water!).This is great place for friends to hang out. Great food and great service. Highly recommended. 价格适中。服务周到。Definitely don't understand why they have such great ratings..  The food was terrible. I'd rather pay $30 each platter of meat than come here again for all you can eat. I barely ate cause I was so disappointed.
First off, the grills here are awful. Does not cook food fast enough nor gets hot enough and it dries out the meat. It's really small and you can barely finish grilling one platter. 
Second off, the sides are so excruciatingly offensive to Korean food... The kimchi tasted like they were made with straight up gochujjang sauce... That is not how you make kimchi. And we had roasted peanuts.. 
The cherry on top to the whole experience is the meat... The galbi was not marinated properly. And so were the others. The only thing tolerable was the shrimp and mushrooms... Which says a lot. We stuck with just one thing, the thinly sliced beef which we had to marinate ourselves because it was flavorless. I regret going here so much. It was a waste of money...I've only gotten the hotpot here, have yet to do the BBQ, but I've heard and SMELLED amazing things!!
The all you can hotpot is such a good deal, especially in the winter when it's just the right thing you need! So many choices and the staff is super friendly! The kimchi soup base and the pork bone soup base are my favorites!! SO yummy! Can't get enough!This is definitely the best hot pot in Philly! Like the all you can eat and get quickly served at 5 pm on Friday. A lot of varieties and all kinds of sauce for your choice. The food feels pretty fresh and good quality.  Will come back again and try the BBQ!   Jacky helped us a lot when ordering and he is very nice!I have been here multiple times and have never been disappointed. Excellent food, excellent service and great atmosphere. 
The food is always fresh and there is a wide selection whether you are eating hotpot or kbbq. 
Highly recommend for small groups! It's BYOB as well.I'm giving this place 4 stars because it was a lot of fun. I had a reservation for 15 people for my birthday. We got a party room which had two grilles for Korean BBQ.
Food- the meat was good, but KBBQ normally had more side dishes. There was edamame, seaweed salad, peanuts and Kim Chee. It was also difficult to get out to get the sauces from the table we were in. 
Service- we had to stick our heads out a few times, but for the most part the service was friendly. The reservation was confusing though. I called at 5:00 pm, June 7 to make the reservation. I made it for 20 people on June 20 at 7 pm. Then the hostess called me at 7:05 June 7 to ask me if I was coming. When I pointed out her mistake she asked for a credit card to hold the reservation. I asked her if my CC would be charged and she said it wouldn't be unless we didn't come. I asked for the cancellation policy and the hostess said, "so you're going to cancel the reservation?" I said I wasn't planning on it and she said, "just let us know a day before if you're not going to come." 
On June 20 At 4:00 I dropped off some beer before the dinner they handed me a CC slip to sign for $50 and told me to remember to tell the waiter to deduct it from the bill. Then when we got out check they handed me $50 in cash. Regardless, their reservation taking system needs more clarification. 
*other reviews said they didn't have a wine key, but they did.
*they will give you free dinner on your birthday, but if it's the day before you are out of luck.Great food and ambiance, high quality ingredients and really friendly servers!!
We got seafood, meat, veggies, and weren't rushed or pushed. Good BYOB spot and not too loud.It was good the BBQ seem to take longer than we though make sure you order things that would cook fast.I called them to make a reservation for 2 and the woman on the phone confirmed. However, when I got there the host told me they don't accept reservations for under 4 people. Really disappointed that I made the trip out there for a special night only to find out that they gave me misinformation on the phone and I had to wait 45 minutes for a table I made a "reservation" for. A lot of places in chinatown with better customer service.I can't image how this place earned a 3.5-star rating.  It was easily the worst dining experience I've had in Chinatown in many years.  I don't believe I simply caught this place on a bad day.  My friend an I opted for the all-you-can-eat deal.  The number of people inside dining away was encouraging, but we got off to a bad start and it only got worse from there.
We ordered a variety of meats -- all of which turned out to be very fatty and they arrived with a peculiar odor.  We decided to give it a try.  The server began to toss meat onto the grill covering it in the end.  We didn't get to pick what we wanted to eat first.  She just tossed meat onto the grill without care.  Well, lets talk about the grill.  It's rectangular with a raised area the middle lengthwise and on the sides, openings for the drippings to drain away.  It wasn't long before we saw something amiss: the meat was barely cooking.  It took a bit of hunting to find the temperature control for the grill, but once I found it and turned it up, we were finally cooking for real.  Well, at least the middle of the grill was.  The sides were still cool and the meat that lay there was still raw and drying out rather than cooking.  Another worker explained that the hot part of the grill was the center.  Okay, if that's the case, why did the other girl toss meat onto the non-cooking parts of the grill??
My friend went to the sauce bar he said there were sauce containers that were empty.  There were.  At least 1/3 were empty -- including the soy sauce.  How can you run an Asian restaurant in Chinatown and not have soy sauce??  Additionally, the sauce bar was a mess.  I reported the state of the sauce bar to our server and it was soon cleaned up and replenished.  Clearly, the person charged with maintaining that area wasn't doing his job.
Back at the table, we were doing better as long as the grill was set to "high", but twice other workers turned it down, including one who turned it off(!) even though we still had food to cook.  If the grill is too weak on "low" and "high" produces too much smoke, then why don't they have adequate ventilation?  If people are cooking indoors, you need ventilation!  Considering the odors in the place, they really need ventilation.
There are so many *better* places to eat of you want to eat this kind of food.  Kim's in Olney is probably the best I've been to, but Gyukaku is also good.  I haven't been to the new Miga yet, but it's got to be better than Nine Ting.It's surprising to see the high reviews this place is getting. OH WAIT, I know why. So I've been hearing that if you eat there on your birthday, you get a free meal. Okay. But also, if you agree to write a 5 star review for them, you get a discount. They're basically buying their reviews rather than letting their food do the talking. That's how you know the food isn't authentic like everyone says it is. If you don't believe me, see how many reviews got removed and how many reviews violated the guidelines. Notice, most people only had one review for this place with no friends. New business and got that much removed already? Not good. 
Now moving onto the food. I decided to check it out for myself. We decided to wait for my friend's birthday to see if this offer can be redeemed, and it worked. Free meal and a discount with a five star review. Sorry, but I'm giving you one. Anyways, we got the Korean BBQ to try it out. When you first take a bite, you can tell it's not the authentic Korean BBQ that you're used to due to the lack of flavor/marinade and poor cuts of meat. The short ribs were probably the only thing close to tasting okay. The grill sucked and what was even worse, they don't change the grill for you when it's clearly all burnt and used out. It's already bad enough that it's an electric grill that makes the wait time for cooking much longer.
Overall, wasn't as enjoyable as I thought it would be. If you want better BBQ around the area, go down to Washington Ave. and try out International Smokeless BBQ.Pros:
- Nice variety of food and sauces
- Nice pork belly
- Nice spicy hotpot
- Delicious green tea ice cream (get for free whenever you check-in)
Cons:
- There are flies near the sauce area
- Water's refilled really slowly, evenwhen the restaurant is not really crowded
- Use the same soup base as refilled
- Limited number of toilets, have to queue up for a while even during non-rush hour. There might be some problems with the food so that people stay quite long in the restroom.Good value ($22 for hotpot and $27 for bbq). Be careful with the seafood you order. Shrimp comes with head-on. If you ask for crab, you get a WHOLE crab (not just crab legs or crab meat). All very delicious but we just weren't expecting it.