I was here for the first time yesterday for the St. Patrick's Day funsies that occurred. Besides the place being sloppily covered in beer and fluffy green things, it was pretty neat. Nice high ceilings, walls of windows which is a very nice change from most places, and nice and plain. It's not a pretentious bar. Even though it was absolutely packed, the few bartenders were very attentive and I never had to wait long for a beer. 
Not the best draft selection when I was there, but who knows how it usually is. DJ was pretty good too!
I do agree with Brett, though...the bouncer was annoying. I don't want to make stupid conversation with you. Ever. I just want to go inside. Plain and simple!Great happy hour specials and great late night hang out. Vodka drink specials and 1/2 price pizzas are superb.  If you're out for a good time, I highly recommend ordering a couple "bear fights".  You will not find them on the menu, but just ask one of Noche's famous bartenders, Ryan or Bill (the inventors of the bear fight).I liked the scene when I first got there. I was having a bit of a second opinion when I realized that more than half the people there were males. Sausage Fest. The bar was a bit backed up. The DJ at that time was really lame. He played 2 songs within an hour. Maybe everybody was just wasted at that point, who knows? 
But eh, I'd like to see more of Philly's bar scene other than Noche next time. Until then, I hope it stays Sunny there for a while.Decided to try something new but close by so Noche seemed like a good bet. For a Saturday night around 10, it was absolutely dead. We weren't looking for anything crazy so that was nice, just surprising. Stoli vodka drinks were on special for 4 bucks so we had a couple of those while enjoying a quiet night. Nothing special, but a good spot for a drink and decent happy hourNoche is great for Happy Hour! They have Stoli specials then, as well as some food items. The food and drinks are good, and it's cool to be in there as it gets dark. Since it's almost entirely surrounded by windows, it gets dark as it gets darker outside, which is a cool effect. I agree that it's a bit of an awkward set-up with the empty floor space, which would probably be better served for seating, since it's not a dance floor-type place (or has never been when I've visited.) All in all, though, a great place to meet up with friends and get a little tipsy!Noche is perpetually crowded and noisy and lacking in seating space. I'm not really sure what the awkward swathe of floor is for between the front windows and the bar. It's like no-man's land. There are no tables and chairs and it doesn't seem to serve as a dance space either. 
On a weekend evening, it's veritably impossible to reach the bar without having to throw a few punches. Once you reach the bar, you're lucky if the bartender can understand you over the awful din of the sound system. 
The restrooms are at the very back of the establishment and difficult to reach when the crowd is really thick. If memory serves me correctly, there is also a rather random seeming pool table back there as well. I'm not sure if Noche is trying to be a bar or a restaurant, but it's difficult to order food when you have nowhere to sit. 
I don't enjoy the crowd either - overly pretentious, popped-collar types that fancy buying a condo on Rittenhouse Square. I'd caution against having any sort of organization event/fundraider here as they tend to continue to let hordes of people in off of the street making it very hot and tight. The available food selections are also pretty mediocre. I've had better salsa from a jar. The drink specials will end up being little more than watery Miller Light.Kudos to the bar staff for listening to my suggestion and moving the pool table out of the way. We went there on Saturday night and there was a lot more space with the pool table out of the way. Granted there wasn't a fundraiser going on, so there was more space too.
I am a fan, as the bartenders are great at getting drinks served in a reasonable amount of time and very responsive in that crazy environment. Still bit of a loud environment, but then again on a Saturday night, everyone is out to have a good time.Ook. Went here about 3 years ago for a "Happy Hour" sponsored by the Temple Law Association.  This place was on par with Public House aka "the Pube".  Icky.
Bad crowd, watery drinks, mediocre bar snacks and a sort of a "I miss being a frat boy" vibe.
Not goin' back.
Nope.Can't say anything about the food, but if you want a place to dance with no cover, NoChe is an easy place to go to. Dark, intimate, dance floor with good club music.As far as food goes, I would have given Noche a 3.5 -- their food was shockingly wonderful! I went last night with a voucher from LivingSocial for two apps, two entrees, and a pitcher of beer. They have a nice selection of beers. We got the antipasto appetizer and the tostadas. The antipasto was good, nice and fresh and a good variety of things. The toastadas were tasty, but rather difficult/messy to eat. For dinner we got one buffalo chicken pizza and one white veggie pizza - both were delicious! I was especially impressed with the freshness and 'flavorfulness' of the veggies, and feta cheese on a was really a perfect touch. So I was very pleased with the food. 
Unfortunately, I was underwhelmed with the atmosphere. I have been to Noche once or twice on a weekend night and it had been a loud, crowded, small bar...but I was hopeful that on a Thursday night it might be quieter around dinner time. Those hopes went out the window when we walked in. The base was pumping and there were no open tables. The servers were understaffed and rushing around so it was hard to figure out if we'd have to seat ourselves. We eventually got lucky with a table a little bit away from the bar, with an end booth seat so we could sit close enough to hear each other. Across the table would have been tough. Once seated our waitress was great, very friendly and helpful, and very apologetic for any waits because they were so busy. 
I think that it was more crowded than usual because of the livingsocial vouchers being used. It might not have been so bad otherwise -- but the noise level and atmosphere would still not be great for a dinner. The message was a little blurred to me as to whether they were a club-bar or a restaurant since the nicer food seemed to clash with the music/crowd. 
All-in-all a good trip, good food/beer, but too noisy / crowded for my taste. Still, go for the pizza!We (2 couples) went on a Friday night around 7:00.  Busy, but got a table in about 10 minutes.  The food and prices were good, but more importantly the service was excellent considering the crowd.Not one of my favorite bars in Philly, but there's certainly nothing wrong with this bar. I've never eaten here, I've only ever been here late night for the drinks, dancing portion of the evening. I appreciate that there is no cover, I appreciate that they don't enforce some silly weird dress code, and I appreciate that the drinks are reasonably priced.  It's a fun place to  be with a group of friends late at night. It's not quite a club, but not a bad bar. Enjoyable.I was able to eat here cheapfully through the artful help of all mighty Groupon. We got way too much food for two people, good thing we were starving because we waited for an hour for our food :(  The nachos were so-so (for a place called "Noche" I guess I set my expectations too high in how closely the too words looked? Nacho? Noche? Ah well.. my mistake.) The cocktails were tasty but I probably would never get one again without a Groupon, since they were too expensive to warrant another $10. 
::update::
The manager was kind enough to message me and it seems that their happy hour deal sounds pretty reasonable- definitely check that out if you can get a table!Enough douchebags here to take the atmosphere of the place down a few notches. 
The Whiskey Drink was sweet the first time, and full of bourbon the second time. 
The music was old school rap and yet there was fish pumpin' a plenty anyway. I don't know, maybe I'm a cultural philistine but I didn't think the two things matched. 
Take away some of the clientèle and you'd have a good bar.I've never had a bad time at Noche, well except for the time I opened the door to the bathroom and there were two girls in there and they slammed the door in my face and the bouncer who was waiting with me started laughing. Actually that was pretty funny so I guess I haven't had a bad time here. Noche is my shot place, it's a great spot to just start pounding them down with friends and get some pizza to soak up the alcohol. Many fun nights in the dark open room at Noche.Traffick was at a stand still on this beer covered floor. And music sounded like it was off a radio, so not entirely danceable (had there been room, anyway). 
I was in general turned off by this place because I didn't have room to do anything except stand. If I wanted to drink, I would have to wait for what seemed to be forever for room at the bar. And if I didn't drink at the bar, I would have to fight for the few tables in the area. And if I didn't want any of that, I would have to concentrate way to hard to make sure my drink wouldn't be shoved out of my hand as people jostled their way through this mess. 
I mean the crowd was young (20s, essentially), but for other reasons, it's not the place I would hang out in.This place is not very good...they have various drink specials which is a problem because the bar tenders can't keep up with what is listed on the internet or the internet can't keep up with the bar tenders I'm not sure. In any case this place was very subpar I found my drinks were weak (probably watered down) and the prices were very steep for what I was getting. I had a discrepancy over my tab with a bar tender who after insisting I was mistaken threatened to throw me down the stairs if I didn't leave.  This bar is completely unprofessional and is cheating their customers with poor service weak drinks and faulty online Ads. I left fairly sober and I will not be returning. 
P.S. the pool table is in a shitty spot so that you are always hitting someone with your cue stick.Noche is a nice spot to do happy hour. Dimly lit, it usually has a nice after work crowd that is looking to mix and mingle for a bit. Prices aren't bad, $3 for beer, $4 for win (although their pours seem to be 4oz on the dot). Serve can be a little slow at times, but overall, it's a nice place to unwind every once and a while.youngish 20 soemthing crowd
the buffalo bbq chicken pizza was really good,
but was sick for the next two days, maybe the food or my hands needed washing???
music and vibe was okay, gothic kind of decor....Good for happy hour. El Rey was packed so we headed here. $2 tacos, 1/2 off pizzas, margarita specials-everything I could ask for.
The chips and dip platter was just okay. For $9, it was regular tortilla chips, salsa, bean dip, and guacamole. Everything tasted like it had been taken out of a can. BUT I loved the tacos-very different. Beef, feta cheese, and potatoes-so different but so good.  The pizza was actually surprisingly good too-we ordered chicken ranch and had plenty of leftovers.Noche is always a great time.  However, the place tends to be empty most days.  Saturday nights are usually pretty big.  Their selection of cocktails is interesting and good.  I usually get beer everywhere I got, but at Noche I hit up a few cocktails.  
The atmosphere is usually pretty good, but around 11pm they tend to crank up the music and then it's just impossible to hear anyone.So there were a lot of fights here last night. Like, a LOT of fights. Spent about 15 minutes here, and saw punches thrown and about 12 people get kicked out. Just sayin'So sad that the Drinker's crowd has made its way upstairs. Wrought with coed happy hours and entry level staff looking to tweet about how wasted they are.
Bonus? Great cheap pizzas and cheap Stoli for happy hour. 
I return faithfully and try to forgive them for their crowd.I came here on a Saturday with a large group of friends around 1am. There was no cover and we got in right away. This place is super narrow and was packed with a ton of people. This is the type of place where you can get lost in the crowd. God forbid, you have to use the restroom --- expect to wait in a long line. However, the line did move rather quickly so it wasn't as bad as I expected it to be. Our group was lucky enough to grab a table and seating in the midst of all of the madness. 
With that being said, I will definitely go back because it was a fun scene --- there was a mixed crowd, I was with good company, the drinks were good, and the DJ was amazing --- he played top 40/reggae/old school and current hip hop.This place is noisy, poorly laid out, and full of various prepsters and lawyers with money to waste.
Our server padded the tab significantly. Upon further examination the prices on the receipt were higher than what was listed on the menu. The drink counts were totally inaccurate.
That's the last $500 tab you stick us with Noche!We came here from a LivingSocial deal. The tortilla roll ups were the best part (like buffalo chicken dip in a crispy tortilla wrap). The pizza was good considering it was a bar spot.
This is not a dinner spot worth visiting if you aren't planning on rolling into happy hour or drinks after - it leads into that vibe.
Overall, food was OK for what I expected from the location - somewhat trendy finger food apps, decent home made pizzas. I won't eat there again or recommend for food in the area. In future, I will just come to Noche for a crowded happy hour and cheap drinks.Been here 5or6 times, so not a regular but enough to get a feel for it.
Food is above average but slightly over priced. Drinks are the same.
Space is really narrow and cramped but has a good view from the second floor. The atmosphere is ok but nothing of note.
Staff are TERRIBLE. Never once had a positive experience with the bartenders or servers. Always seem pissed off and unhappy to be there, really a mood killer.Great beer/drink specials and perfect location. Recently refreshed decor looks much better, though no more pool table. Weekdays they have happy hour from 5-7 and then Drinker's (1 door down, same owners) has specials from 7-9. Dangerous to do both but guaranteed a good time. Just be careful walking down Noche's steps; a wobbly drunk's worst nightmare.
I've also had the food at Noche a couple of times and it's not too bad. mostly just padding for all the booze you'll be consuming, but it does the job. Pizzas and nachos are worth it during happy hour, where they're on special.I went to Noche a few weeks ago for Center City Sips and wasn't too impressed. The drinks were alright, but the service is seriously lacking. I was meeting a group of at least 20 other people, so the first few of us asked for separate checks at the beginning of the night. Our waitress seemed nice enough but forgot who ordered what and ended up bringing an extra drink. It was still pretty dead at this point, and there were only four people at our table. 
I left the table for a little bit to talk to my friend by the bar and got a drink there. It was really hard to get the bartender's attention. She was more interested in talking to her coworkers instead of serving drinks. Even when I tried to pay for my drink not even a second after she handed it to me, she stared off in another direction at her coworker. 
We asked for our checks and our waitress combined them (thankfully only the table, not the entire group). She also charged some drinks at the sips rate and others at their regular price, even though sips wasn't over yet. We asked her to fix it, but the check she came back with was wrong too. 
I can't think of any reasons to return.This upstairs bar/lounge was just what the dr. ordered after leaving the way too hot Black Sheep.  Our party was delighted to find the ac pumping and the beers still reasonably priced.  With a DJ spinning some pretty decent trax ( no one really dancing tho-boo) and not too overcrowded at midnight on a Friday night we were all quite content to finish out the night here.  Will return and recommend.This is a review in regards to the after hours when the DJ comes in after 10:30 on Fridays and Saturdays.
1] No cover charge
2]Drinkers is next door (also no cover charge)
3] Can dress casual in my boots and jeans and dance the night away with a drink in my hand
4]Great music for dancing
5] Drink prices are average 
6] Theres seatings on the side (because it's a restaurant) which is convenient for those who are inebriated and need a breather or for those who just want to sit down and people watch. 
The only downside is that there are only 2 bartenders working the bar
Overall, great hidden spot to have an awesome time with friends$8.50 for two top shelf cosmos...SPECTACULAR!
Of course, I was one of five customers there so they were probably happy to have a "crowd" but I'm willing to drink alone for $4.25 cosmos :)
People seem to dig the pool table here.  So if you're a pool shark, come on up.  Unfortunately Noche is NOT handicap accessible so please keep that in mind.  
Noche also seemed to have a lot of HH specials so do it up you 5-7 drinkers.I went to Noche to get a tapas dinner and some drinks. Their menu is small since it's a tapas style place, but the food was good. Their nachos and flatbreads were pretty good, but my favorite was the pastel azteca. It looks messy but I promise it is tasty. My boyfriend and I got a margarita pitcher for happy hour. It was okay, but nothing special. I've had better and cheaper margaritas. Overall it wasn't good enough that I would want to go back. Sorry I'm not sorry, Noche.I actually enjoy this place. But stars subtracted for being uncomfortably crowded often. I initially stumbled on this place to grab a quick drink before going to our real destination for the night. 
Why do I enjoy this place? No cover, decent happy hour priced drinks, and decent music. I've also always had a good time whenever I go here. Drinks are made well and I like the decor of the place.
Whether your stopping by or here to stay for the night, at least you've got nothing to lose by just poking your head here and checking it out for yourself.Noche was busy on the Saturday night we went, but not so busy that we couldn't find a table off to the side. A nice view and decent food menu made it worth the trip, but use the restroom beforehand as there is only one and the line is consistently long.If you want to go dancing in Center City, this is the place. I've been to Noche a few times, once for happy hour and the other times for a night out, and I will keep coming back for more! The drink prices are average for the area and the dance floor is on the smaller side but the music is always good!A LivingSocial Deal: 2 appetizers, 2 pizzas, and pitcher of beer for $20 is what brought me and 2 of my girls to this cute pizza lounge... =)
Portions were good, and food was fresh. We tried the hummus, tostadas, Veggie pizza, buffalo chicken pizza, and a nice cool pitcher of beer.  We ate generously and had plenty left over to take home.  Our server was nice and personable. (Good job girl! i know we were a handful...lol)
We were rushed a little in the end due to some comedy show starting at 8pm, hence the 4 stars.  
Overall, I would return again with the girls... a cute, close-by happy-hour [stamp]....everyone needs a personal list of those! lol =)This place was pretty empty. Fine by me. Waitress was super nice and checked on us several times. That goes a long way. $4 Grapefruit vodka? Hell yeah.
$5 pitchers of Horrible Beer? Whatever..I aint drankin it. 
As the afternoon went on the crowd was really annoying, it's not the fault of the bar though. Too many shaved head suits. Have skinsheads started wearing a full suit now??I tried visiting here with an online voucher I purchased from LevelUp.  I had to that point not been disappointed by their selection.  Well this time I was, Noche seems to bill itself as this trendy, gourmet pizza club/bar.  I hope their alcoholic beverages are better than their food.
The appetizers we got were underwhelming, the chicken taquito rolls were bland and the chicken perfectly cubed as if preprocessed.
Next came the pizza which was their house special (the Noche).  The pizza from outward appearances already looked like it was taken from a freezer and just reheated.
The pizza quite literally looked like a pizza I could pick up at any supermarket anywhere.  The cheese did not taste like mozzarella, the peppers and onions were perfectly cubed as well.  The chorizo was mildly spicy and had zero to no flavor to it.
Upon reheating the leftovers the next day (don't ask me why I saved it), the cheese topping got this wrinkled wax paper look to it that I've seen happen when American cheese melts to burgers.  I am not sure why Noche decided to use American cheese on it's pizza instead of the traditional mozzarella, but who knows.
I will not be returning to this location again anytime soon, and will not recommend it to my friends or family in the area either.Went here for a Friday night happy hour with some coworkers.  It was ok...although the layout of the place was very weird.  We were jammed between the bar and the chairs by the windows, and that stupid pool table was right there.  Service at the bar was good but when we ordered food it took forever and what they call nachos were a poor excuse.Ok! Maybe my review is based not much on the place but the time I had there catching up with my girls. I went there for Happy Hour drinks. The HH did make us really happy. There was pretty much no one in the bar expect for 3 -4 people which I would have otherwise minded but the girls talks made up for it. 
The Bud, Millers were $3, Pitcher (which we got in galore :)) were $5. Stroli's were $4. But what made me really happy is their Pizzas were half off. So we got huge-ass pizza for $4 !!!!!!! Nachos were $4 too. 
Basically awesome deals. 
The staff was really nice too. Really nice actually.
The place in itself is alright... nothing spectacular. 
Would I go again? YES. For Happy Hour and not to meet people but with my own friends.3.5 stars.
I came here around 1 on Saturday night. A friend of mine who's familiar with the area said they closed at 3 which is better than the usual 1:30-2 last call at other places. There was no cover which made it better. The music was okay, and it was a nice change from the Olde City bars. For a Saturday night, it had a good amount of people. but wasn't packed. I would check this place out again next time I'm in the area.A large group and myself went there on 12/7/13 for my friends 30th.  I've been to this bar a lot of times and it's ok- kinda young and douchey but all around ok.
We got the open bar rate- was originally $25 a week of. Then, it was $30 saying gratuity was included because a lot of people get the open bar, and then don't tip. OK, that's fine- being in the restaurant industry I know that first hand.  
The bartender who was waiting on us most of the night was super nice, (the other 2 looked like they didn't know what the hell they were doing and not paying attention to the customers at all) and the drinks he made were great.  
However, at the end of the night the open bar bill was around $530- ok, we had a little under 20 people.- but then (and I didn't find this out until the birthday girl told me the next day)- A $125 DRINK TAX CHARGE???  
This is complete and utter BS.  She was not told there would be extra tax at the end of the night AND when you buy a drink at a bar the tax is already factored in. (also fishy because 8% should have been around $43) If it wasn't factored in they should have told her ahead of time so she could have collected a few extra dollars from everyone instead of paying it for herself!  
It's not '$5 shots of so-and-so, plus tax!  I wish I knew about this extra charge before we left because I would have told her NOT to pay it.  I'm all about bars coming up with ways to market themselves and make money- but not by a last ditch effort to nickel and dime people, who just paid a lot of money to drink (and then tip the bartender extra...)
I definitely will not be returning here.  I'd rather give my patronage to an honest establishment.i had a gift cert which is the only reason i went. but the staff was awesome. didnt eat. so have nothing to say about the food. but it is cute. love the windows. there werent many people in there. it was early eve on a fri. so i dont know what the typical crowd is like. but i had a great time.I've gone there two Saturdays now. I've only been to the top floor, mainly because I'm the type to rush the dance floor. Much like other places, the dance floor gets crowded and you'll find yourself being pushed a bit while people try to get by.
In terms of a mix of people, there's a good mix of chicks and dudes. The DJ is also pretty good and will have you dancing.
The alcohol pricing is average, like most other bars.
It's worth checking out, if you're looking for a bar to go to in Center City.
ReEdit: Went on Valentine's Day 2K12 for Rittenhouse Comedy (because I'm a huge stand up buff) and I really had a nice time. A slew of Philly Local Comics, making us laugh, while having a drink was very fun. Also saw a really awesome Philly comic.
Totally recommend checking out the comedy night but make sure to get there by 9:30 pm so you can get a seat.
Cheers!!!A friend and I went here on a recent Friday, lured in by their Happy Hour $4.50 pizzas. We grabbed a table and waited for a server. 
When none came, I went to the bar to buy drinks. I asked the bartender if we ordered food at the bar or the table and he said a server would come around.
We waited some more and finally flagged down a passing server. She asked, "Am I your waitress?" in an annoyed way. We explained no one had come over yet and ordered, buffalo chicken pizza for me and deluxe nachos for my friend. When the food came, the pizza was good. Thin crust, buffalo sauce with a kick and it was topped with crunchy fresh celery, an unusual and tasty addition. It was well worth the $4.50 and the individual was more than I could eat. But even a super cheap pizza was not worth the lazy service. I don't think I'll be going back.I really liked Noche. The space was beautiful, even if the steps are rather steep and hard to climb in 5" heels. It felt relaxed yet still upscale. It was dark, but you could see everyone still, and dare I say a bit romantic? The booths definitely lend themselves to sitting close and chatting intimately. The DJ was great, and the music was loud but not so loud you couldn't hear your friends. The bar was beautiful, the bartenders were quick (and cute!), and the drinks were reasonably priced. It was crowded just perfectly so that you weren't squished, but didn't feel alone either. Even the bathrooms were okay! And another major plus - you can actually feel the air conditioning here! We didn't turn into sweaty messes which was a nice change of pace. It was a great place to start the night and I look forward to returning.Don't be fooled by the good specials! The service is absolutely horrible. Food and drinks took forever to come out, and it didn't help that our waitress kept confusing/forgetting our orders. Get's very crowded and there is not enough seating available. Absolutely nothing special about this place.I've gone here with a huge group of my grad school friends and was happy that we were able to get seats with tables for all of us. It was Thursday night, so it wasn't too crowded.  The staff was friendly, and the decor was cool.  It was sort of starry night-ish inside.  Dark and twinkly.  The drinks weren't bad, and the pizza was okay.  I'd go back again.Noche's not my faaavorite bar in the world, but it certainly isn't the worst one around.
The music is typically pretty decent and the bartenders are heavy-handed. I prefer being at places like Noche before they get really packed so Noche is more of a precursor to a usually fun night out. (Sometimes a little too fun? I've actually seen people barfing before making it to the restroom, bleggghhh.) Bathroom is tucked away at the back of the establishment (no wonder people can't make it in time) and the line is always insanely long. 
No cover? +1!Getting here early is the key to whether or not you will have a pleasant experience (pending you go on the weekend, as peers have suggested). I'd encourage showing up on the early side of 9 o'clock, grabbing a booth, and parking it for the night.
The prices are pretty standard in the way of drinks, and I've never had food. But by 10-11 o'clock it gets really crowded, and the lines for drinks/bathroom get downright absurb. By securing a table, you'll get a waitress who will keep the drinks coming, and continuously try to get more drinks out of you to earn the space. That's cool, I understand.
This is one of the few bars that really caters to the 27-40 crowd, as opposed to so many of Philly's 20-30, or 30-40 polarized bars. If you do go, wear something somewhat dressy... button downs, not tees... leather shoes/fresh sneakers, not flip flops or Rockports. 
The best thing about this place is its view, which is one reason I'm glad they dim the lights so damn low.Great space: I would describe it as roomy yet comfortable. I like that the seating is spread out, since they'll seat you practically on top of the neighboring table at other bars. I've been here for weekday happy hours, so I can't comment on the weekend crowds. What I can comment on are the nachos: oh dear, perhaps the worst I've ever tasted in Philly? Finally, the service is mediocre and generally without any smiles. Would I go back? Only if the drink specials were write-home extraordinary and I was already on that side of town.I have never been here for dinner, but this is a great place to check out for happy hour.  It recently switched from Stoli specials to $4 margaritas.  They also have half priced pizza which are delicious and a number of Mexican dishes as appetizers during happy hour.  I recommend the buffalo chicken pizza if you are into it.  The atmosphere is pretty relaxed and the service is pretty friendly.  I have been here a few times and the place does not generally start to get crowded until after 7.  So if you get there around 5:30, you may have the place essentially to yourself.The less poplar (probably only because you have to walk up some stairs) older sister to Drinkers. Great aesthetics, OK drink specials, attentive bar tenders and plenty of bathrooms. Even a pool table!
I've only been here once -- last night -- and we had to leave after one drink because I hate shouting at my drinking companions only inches from my face and am still not sure they actually heard what I said. I never understood that about bars -- crank the music up high over the buzz of conversation so people talk louder so crank the music higher so people are yelling and deaf. Gimme a quiet dive bar any day.
Nice place, just turn it down about a hundred decibels, please.$12 Magherita Pitchers? Yes, please. This is a place we go to when we're craving cheap Magheritas and some late night happy hour food. This place changes gears a bit on the weekends after 10:30 when a DJ takes over and everyone starts dancing. I like the Day of the Dead feel to this place and the abundance of lit candles make it feel classier than a cheap Magheritas spot.
I was a bit annoyed last time we tried to go to Noche because they told us it was closed for a private party and would re-open at 9pm.  Then 9pm came and went and it was still closed. They kept telling us "20 more minutes" and it just never re-opened. We waited inside Drinkers for almost 2 hours and eventually gave up on Noche re-opening to the public.  We headed to El Rey for pricier (but better quality) Magheritas and Nachos. 
I would go back to Noche but they really should keep their bouncers informed of what's going on. Being given bad information caused us to waste almost 2 hours waiting and drinking inside Drinkers (next door) with a loud college crowd.Disclaimer: I haven't actually eaten here (yet). I'm planning to tonight (there was an offer on Groupon), but the fact that I've been unable to reach anyone there to make a reservation seems to not bode well. Their listed number (both on Yelp and their website) actually directs you to call a different number, which I did, although that appears to be for their corporate offices. I'm hoping the experience will be better than the foreshadowing suggests...The happy hour barbecue chicken pizza was delicious, but it's quite crowded and loud. You are mostly likely going to stand up and no seatings. The atmosphere on the 2nd floor was generic. It's just okay.I am never going to Noche again.
I haven't been there for food, so I can't speak to that. But I have been there twice for the bar/club scene, and my experience could not have been worse. The place is tiny and uncomfortably crowded, with people constantly pushing their way, usually without anything vaguely resembling politeness, toward the bathroom. And if you're near the bar, you're on the way to the bathroom, so you WILL get pushed past by a constant stream of people for however long you're there.
Now, story time. This past Saturday, I came to Noche with a group of people for a friend's coming-home party. By the by, my girlfriend became a bit drunk and got into a minor altercation with another girl. Not the biggest deal -- a little pushing and shoving, followed by a spilled drink -- but I understand why a bouncer came over and said she had to go.
We said fine, let's just get our jackets. So we get them, and we start walking out, and all of a sudden, TWO huge bouncers grab her (all of 120 pounds, if that) and start DRAGGING her across the floor toward the exit. When I tried to tell the one bouncer, hey, it's fine, we're just leaving, a third huge bouncer came swooping in, grabbed me by the collar, dragged me across the floor, choked me against the wall, and then very nearly threw me down the stairs. I actually had to grab onto him to keep from being thrown down that very large flight of stairs. 
Somehow, the end of this was actually witnessed and dismissed by a police officer, who actually said to me, when I told him what happened, "Well, it's over now. Move on." I'm glad that the Philadelphia Police Department is employing such pillars of the community.
Reading through the other reviews, I see this isn't the first time that Noche has had issues with bouncers using unnecessary force. I have NEVER been kicked out of a bar before, much less choked for no reason by a guy who doesn't know me. Seems like a good time to call my lawyer.This review is strictly based on the times I have gone for happy hour.
First of all, let me say that if you are looking to "see and be seen", this is not the place for you.  If you are looking to have a few drinks and some good conversation with friends, this may be for you.  They have $3 Stoli mixes on special which do not dissapoint-no watery drinks here.  In addition to their drink specials, they have $5 pizzas which are big enough for 3.
I highly recommend this place if you are looking to enjoy the company  you're with away from the big happy hour crowds.My review is limited to a late Saturday night experience.
Ambiance:  Incredibly dark and packed.  Booths totally empty except for a few space-claiming purses.  Hard to find a table.  Hard to hear.  Hard to re-locate your waitress.  People are all up on their feet either dancing or pretending they are a part of that crowd and just responsible for holding up the wall.  The crowd varies from girls in blue make up with crazy short denim shorts and see through white tanks giving lap dances to guys who are "shapes" and wearing not cool nerdy shirts ---  to well dressed young twenty somethings looking to get drunk and dance in a circle with their friends.
Food:  I did not have any.
Service:  The waitress made us put down a credit card for the tab.  But then after my friend paid the check off with a different card, the waitress forgot to return the card holding the tab.  A big oversight because plenty of customers who have had a few drinks would probably go home without remembering their card.
Overall:  I would not likely go back unless I wanted to dance and be assured that no one I know would be at the place.Go on Wednesday for Happy Hour. $5 of Magic Hat #9. Great deal. The pizza is alright too. Not my crowd normally, but I'll deal with the shiny shoe guys and the spiky hair dudes if I can pay 5 bucks for a good pitcher.Not a bad spot if you want to grab a couple of drinks and some good food. I have had their Margherita Pizza as well as the Buffalo Chicken Pizza. The Buffalo chicken tends to be oily at times, but the Margherita Pizza is on point!Um...hmm....one word...NOT! I went here once, so I should not be so judgmental, but it was absolutely AWFUL! First impression was the WORST impression! The music sucked, the people who went there sucked even more.  I mean at least at G Lounge, people try/pretend to be classy.  This is the place to go if you want to let your skank out!  If I could, I would give a big fat ZERO!What I enjoyed the most about this place is how personable the women behind the bar were so personable. Granted I was in there early and the evening and it was pretty slow one of the women managed to keep me in there for an additional hour probably. Which to me a good bar tender not only tends the bar, but its patrons and engages them in conversation especially when they notice they are out on their own. It is service like this which develops loyal customers.
Atmosphere- very dark but it feels like "rich" atmosphere. Best way I can describe it.
Drinks- they have a pretty good drink special for 3 dollar drafts during happy hour.
Service- Very friendly I have been having a conversation with the lady behind the bar, they all appear to be very personable.
Food- They  also is a pizza special (half price) during happy hour.
Entertainment- Stand up comedy nights on Tuesday.Yes there is an older crowd here at happy hour, but what do you expect for center city?  They had Long Trail Tripple Bag on tap, which I love them for...the pizzas were good, and for half off during happy hour, one of the better deals in the city.I don't know why Rittenhouse lounge/bars feel the need to crank the music up so loud you can hardly hear anybody, while turning the lights down so low that you can hardly see anybody.  It's like being in a sensory deprivation tank with somebody standing over it, hitting it repeatedly with a hammer.  I guess this place could be cosy in a loungy way if they played different music at a lower volume.  But then again, I'm not a big fan of the tables either--they're just not inviting. Also, there was no beer to speak of so it was Jameson on the rocks for me.Noche is always fun. Sometimes it gets too crowded, but generally you have just enough room to breath and get to the bar. I had my birthday here in April which was a really good time. I always meet new cool people there as well. Going there during SIPs is great as well.Noche has it all. I consider it somewhat of an upscale sports bar with tapas thrown in there. I went because I bought a coupon online and was quite impressed. The food was delicious. I ordered the hummus platter and the BBQ pizza, and both were delectable. They also have a long list of specialty cocktails too. Big screen TV's were there but not overwhleming.  Dress is jeans and a nice shirt.Went on a saturday night around midnight and I have to say that the dj was pretty good. He played a good variety of music- a little something for everyone. The atmosphere was cool, though it was crowded (as is expected on a Saturday night). There was no cover and the drinks were solid. The crowd was a typical young professional/student crowd. No drama- people were keeping it pretty classy. Can't really comment on staff as I had little interaction with them. I'd definitely come back during a week day to try out the food and experience during the week atmosphere. Not a bad place to spend a Saturday night.I've been to Noche several times. The last time was probably about a half of a year ago (maybe a bit more) and things seemed to change unfortunately for the worse. What used to be a packed bar with good drinks and food was now practically empty with a poor beer selection and very bland food. Where did the pizzas and salads go? Where is the good beer? 
The food selection now is quite small, which is appropriate if it's made up with quality, which unfortunately it was not. Most of the tapas (I guess the place became tapas style??) were very bland (not even okay; just very very bland.. I was hungry and didn't want to take another bite) and quite expensive. The waitress pronounced pollo as polo (with an L sound). really? If you're going to pretend to be a Mexican restaurant, it may make sense to have basic training. 
In summary, this place used to be pretty good (good drink selections, good food and packed). I was sadly disappointed and won't be coming back until they change back.I went here for the the UCC fundraiser on a Saturday night.
It definitely was a fun crowd, as the fundraiser pulled in a lot of folks.  The bar tenders were also amazing in getting drinks in a reasonable amount of time, especially with the crush of people they were having to deal with.
Only drawback here-the crush of people. Move the pool table out of the way and maybe folks can actually breath.I went for happy hour and ordered the noche pizza (yummy chorizo toppings) and three draft beers and the bill was only $14.50!! Definitely coming back again for happy hour!! It was sometimes hard to get the waitress' attention when we wanted to order more drinks but it wasn't a biggie. I was surprised by the ambiance-i was expecting a loud run down bar but the dark lightings actually gave off more of a somewhat romantic vibe. Although, the music they played kinda contrasted the visual vibe b/c it felt like i was at a club- the bass was on blast!! Overall, I definitely recomment Noche for happy hour. I haven't tried any other stuff from the menu but I know all my friends who tried Noche love their other pizzas too.I came here for Tuesday night free comedy night.
I called before to see what the age was to see the comedey (I had my younger sister staying with me and she is not 21 yet) NO one answered the phones and I called since their open time (5pm) till right before we came. I dont think their phone even rings to a live person ever, you just are supposed to leave a message. Thats annoying.
The comedies were pretty bad. Some had a couple good jokes, not much though.
There were annoying tables talking through the comedians (which is not the bars fault and Im not counting that towards the review) just saying, when there is comedy shut up and listen.
I ordered a margarita with a salted rim (like this new mexican girl knows that should be served)
I get it and the waitress apologizes that they dont actually have salt. WTF, the Marg is pretty gross, soooo sweet. So I say no thanks and get something else.
The bar food wasnt great. We got the Margherita pizza. It was like crust and cambels tomato soup poured on top for salt and then one small white melted dot of mozzerells per slice.
The salad had balsamic vinegar straight up on it for dressing. TOOOO acidic.
The waitress was, Meh, not bad just like bored with life.
and it was FRRREEEEEEEZING. It was the first cooler day in Philly and they had the AC cranking and the fans on at 11pm at night.
I asked if the could turn the fans off or turn the air off and the waitress said that it was hot by the bar so probably not but she would ask.
she never returned with an answer like "sorry manager said no" or anything. I was soo cold that we didnt stay the 2nd half of the comedy (Not that it would have gotten any better)
and I walked by the bar to the bathroom and it was NOT warmer.
I might come back. Dont judge based off of one time. I feel like it might have potential.I went here last night to celebrate a friend's birthday. I got there around nine and it wasn't too crowded yet. There was music playing and not too loud, so it was still possible to have a conversation, which was pleasant. I had a glass of wine, so I can't speak to the bartender's mixology skills, but my friend seemed to be enjoying her mixed drinks. She was able to get this deal, too, for $20, you get a wristband and then it's all you can drink. I wasn't planning on drinking that much, so I didn't go for the deal. I had some of their Noche Nachos and they were kinda terrible. I think there was a deal on them, too, but the chips themselves tasted like they were fried (they were really greasy), then piled on with a little bit of cheese and a ton of sour cream and some other toppings. Not my fave way to enjoy nachos. There's a pool table, which I guess could be fun. Their bathrooms are clean and the staff seems friendly, but the place just wasn't doing it for me. By the time I left, the music had gotten much louder, but it wasn't dance-worthy, so I didn't see the point.STIFF drinks.  Seriously.  These guys don't mess around.  Don't say I didn't warn you.I asked a long time Philadelphian friend to recommend a venue for my birthday that could fit a large crowd. My only stipulation was that it not be what I classify as a "sticky floor" bar.
It was the perfect Wednesday night venue. The place has a really cool ambiance, different from the other large pub-ish venues in the area. From 9 until closing, we basically had the place to ourselves, and enlisted the DJ to play request after request. I had a blast.
I hear it gets just as crowded (and lame) as the Fado/Drinkers/Irish Pub scene on weekends though.I have been here twice. My first time was so awful I chose not to write a review but I gave it another chance... 
needless to say, I don't think ill be back. 
so where to begin!?
1. its so loud, my throat was scratchy when i left. I had to scream, literally, scream at the person next to me... scream. not raise my voice. scream!
2. the food is over priced. its not good. i wanted to go to qdoba after i had their 'pizza'. but im not one of those girls who eats an apple and says shes full, meeeee thinks not.
3. no hate on the slow drinks, because im sure its not the waitress' fault because i know the bar is packed, but really? 20 minutes for a drink, during happy hour? either, get more bartenders, better servers, or make ppl sit so there arent about 30 people in front of me waiting to get a drink. 
4. oh yea the tables, hahahahaha what tables? oh yea theres about what? 10-15 tables? its so packed, i can never see them.
5. the staff needs a personality, theyre so lifeless and they dont seem to want to be there. maybe ull get a better tip if u smile, or pretend to not roll ur eyes when i ask for a glass of water.
6. the crowd is too snobby. i felt out of place, even though i had just come from my office job and was dressed nicely... everyone looks pretentious and the table next to us kept staring at my group of about 6 friends every 2 minutes. they would not stop, maybe because we didnt have a bro or blonde barbie at our table and they were shocked at how we could be having so much fun without one.
7. did i mention it was loud?Happy hours on Saturday from 9pm to 11pm?! just AWESOME! I did not get any food there so i will not be discussing about the food but the $12 dollar pitcher definitely win me over. The service was quick and I like the atmosphere of Noche. The music was good and it is definitely a good place to hang out with a bunch of friends. I took off a star just because the place got REALLY crowded later in the night (which is guess can be good for some people).Yuck... I hate to write bad reviews but... Everything was awful... Very slow service... Even with no one in the bar... That should have been our first clue... The worst margarita I ever had... And how do you mess up chips and dip...they were horrible... Chip were drowned in salt... And the bean dip had zero flavor and came from a can and the salsa was a brown watery soup that also had zero flavor Yuck... And it was very over priced for what we got... Great location but that's it... The first and last time I'll ever be there!Went here on a Livingsocial deal.  I think the deal was very good and so price wasn't an issue.
However, I must admit the service was very bad (the waitress was just pissed off).  I didn't understand why but at some point, she mentioned that everybody else sitting there that day was also on a Livingsocial deal.  That didn't clarify things because she would have still received the usual tip.
The seating was ok, not the most comfortable but not bad if you are sitting with your back to the windows.
The reason I gave three stars though was because of the food, my friend and I ordered two pizzas and both were very fresh and very good (from dough to cheese to toppings).
All in all, with the deal it was good but I don't think I will go there on my own.