This place was really cool, we walked up upstairs and sat at the bar. We just went for the beer so we got 5 tasters, which was all of their beer. She have us wine glasses of each one, it was nice. The bartender was really nice and made you feel comfortable. I'm sorry I don't know how much we paid for the tasters but my boyfriend was happy when we walked out so give it a try. I liked 3/5 beers that we tasted, I like less hoppy so there's a chance the other 2 were just too hoppy for me. I'm not sure if I'll find myself in this area again but if I do, I'd go back.What the heck is with the attitude of some of the barstaff here?  I know it sucks being a server and I know hipsters are probably the most annoying people on the face of the universe, especially if they're beer snobs, but holy jesus, can you at least smile and act as if your customers aren't bothering you?  
Food is really good, and the drinks are inexpensive.   I recommend getting a table rather than sitting at the bar lest you be served by some sour face uber bitch.  
They've also got Irish John quizzo on Sundays which always makes for a fun time.Went for a quiet happy hour on monday and had quite a nice time. The female bartender was really cool and kept our glasses full. They brew their own beer and I felt they were hit or miss, nothing really stood out to me.
4 dollar fried Mac and cheese balls were also a nice happy hour addition.
Decor needs to be updated as well as their dart boards.
All in all I would go back again.For me the layout of the bar did not work.  Was seated in the back near a dark exit (to the  kitchen?).  The food and the beer were OK, and it did not have that extra edge needed to get into the four star range in my book.Stopped in for brunch and a beer on Sunday. Sat at the bar; bartender was friendly, and quick with the fresh pints. On cask was a boring, flavorless amber (depressing... beer engines deserve better), but the hop harvest ale was a solid, citrusy pleasure. To go with my liquid brunch, I selected the steak and eggs. Steak came out overdone, but not to the point where I felt compelled to complain. It was still acceptable. Eggs were good, nicely poached. Menu indicated there would be oven roasted potatoes, but instead I got three little potato pancakes. No problem, they were fine, but this discrepancy went unmentioned.
Food was ok, beers ranged from pretty decent to fizzy water with the barest hint of malt. Wasn't even close to being blown away by anything, and was actually kind of pissed at a blurb on the beer menu. Something like (paraphrasing), "If you don't like your beer it isn't because we didn't brew it right, it's because you're stupid. No refunds." I guess I could understand if they had a huge number of townies sending back hoppy pale ales because they were expecting something like a Yuengling, but it's still annoying for a company to take the attitude that they are incapable of making mistakes. If I order an IPA and it tastes like butterscotch met hops, your beer is infected and I damn well better get a refund. It wouldn't be the first time I encountered a beer in a brewery that had gone south.This place might be slightly overrated: the food was great but my brown ale was just OKI really want to like this place, but both times that I was there left a bad taste in my mouth (this past Saturday, quite literally).
Having a brewery right in Center City seems ideal, but Nodding Head is anything but.
I stopped in here on a Wednesday evening for a drink and despite having hardly any customers the service was at a snail's pace. This would have been somewhat acceptable had the bartender been at least a little interested in being there, as opposed to him being dismissive and aloof. 
Never wanting to simply judge an establishment after a single visit, my friends and I ventured here again on Saturday night (26 January) and just like my previous experience, the service was atrocious. However, that wasn't all, we were given a menu with only three available beers (one of them no longer being served) and the beer that I did order, a stout of some sort, was warm and a bit rancid. At least I got what I ordered, the server completely screwed up my friend's drink, bringing him back something completely different than what he asked for. Granted, this was after waiting five minutes to be acknowledged and then another ten minutes for the drinks to arrive (it was not crowded when we were there).
After finishing our incorrect and horribly tasting drinks, we couldn't find our server to pay the tab, so we just left money on the table and got the hell out of there. Needless to say, while the novelty of having a brewery in Center City is obviously appealing, both the service and the actual product at Nodding Head are pretty terrible and I wouldn't recommend anyone going there for anything.So, I'm in between on a 3 vs. 4 stars. I was there for a happy hour last night. The service, the drinks, and the food was good. We got a bunch of apps, since there was a large group. The potato pancakes and the mussels were probably my favs. I'd def go back...A short beer list and the quality was average. I expected a wide range of selections, but many were of similar flavor and taste. Maybe it was the time of year, but I had hoped for more from a brewery!
In general, the prices were reasonable. The food was delish for what I ordered (a French dip sandwich) and the portion was perfect (not too much but not too little). The french fry dipping sauce was awesome, but the waiter was not willing to let me in on the secret ingredients. Nevertheless it was a great meal! I enjoyed the night overall. The ambiance is college-age and young professionals, so I didn't feel too out of place. The restaurant is dark, though, and can get quite loud. Not a place to go if you're looking for an intimate setting to talk.Stopped here briefly during a bar crawl. If you're not someone who is into craft beers and trying new things, then Nodding Head probably isn't for you. It's awesome to see a place hand you a list of six options to pick from. They can do that considering they brew their own stuff in-house. They had a German day this past Saturday as well as a couple incarnations from Iron Hill locations in the area. The in-house version  was tasty. A look at the bobble head case is obviously a must. If you think you have one that might interest the owner, ask for Gordon. He'll trade you some beer for one if it's good enough. Also got a little tour of their mini-brewery. It was awesome.Not one, but two Monkey Knife Fights later it was solidified that I'm a big fan of Nodding Head. Add to that the bowl of Chili (delicious) I had and how happy my friend was that we stumbled onto Samson in the first place in the afternoon- we were very very pleased. Although our goal was to find a good happy hour (which theirs is non-existent), the price reflects what you get ten fold. 
I have to go back and try the new beers on tap and explore the menu more, so until then i'm holding back a star.I'm boycotting this place.  The food is delicious, the beer is out of this world crazy amazing, and it's a cool environment.  All these enticements inevitably lead to me taking a sip of Grog, upon which I have about 2 hours and 38 minutes before my body does a complete shut down from which I will not recover for at least four hours.  
Imagine, you're at happy hour, getting ready for a long night, when all of a sudden you're hit with a elephant tranquilizer and it's all you can do to crawl home before the chemicals hit your frontal lobe. No amount of deliciousness is worth the loss of a perfectly good night.
I'll never do that again.  
But... the food and beer... it's sooo good....  No! I can't!!!  It's so good!! Help!!! No!  I must have some!  Aghhhh!!!!!
(This post was written before sleep)I usually have a good experience here. Great place to eat if you wanna go somewhere relaxed and casual.Nodding Head is a fun place to go in a big group, since there is a decent amount of room as Center City bars go.  I didn't get any food, but my friends said what they had was good.great beer selection, nice folks, always willing to engage with out of towners.  unbelievable collection of bobbing head dolls.  even the tap handles are shaped like nodding heads.  thanks guys for being there for this west coaster on my first night in town, when I can't get to sleep.While the food was decent, I don't really want to even comment on that.  I read ahead that other Yelpers said the service was lousy here, but I didn't want to prejudge.  I was happy to try it with a group I meet with once a month as we're looking for a new venue.  
I'll be honest, I will never be back here again.  From being rude about questions to VERY slow service (we waited almost half an hour for the check and had a basically non-existent server) to rudeness when a friend asked them to add something to her margarita since it tasted off, our group of 5-6 left with a bitter taste in our mouths and a group decision to hold our monthly meetups elsewhere.  Too bad, we tip well, order a lot and are generally easy to please.  But we'll find a better place that will appreciate our business and just have basic customer service skills.Their double decker burger and fries were delicious.  I was literally scouring my plate for crumbs that I could eat off it.   The jambalaya is amazing.
The beers here are ok, but not my favorite considering this is a place that makes their own.  Mixed drinks should definitely be sought out elsewhere and the service is incredibly frazzled.
But I love the atmosphere here, the booths are great for groups, and overall the prices were really reasonable.I have always thoroughly enjoyed the Nodding Head when I have visited; they have an excellent beer selection. Favorites include the Rufus, the 60 Shilling, and the Grog. The atmosphere is charming and publike, with a wide assortment of bobble heads on display to reinforce their name. For the most part it's a rather low key bar, good for drinks with friends and some really award-worthy desserts.
I am the sort of person that prefers to sit at the bar wherever I go, and this is unfortunately where I can't give a full rating to them. The bartender that has attended me and my friends the past several times I have gone has been so gruff and unfriendly. She acted irritated every time we tried to get her attention to order drinks, and completely ignored us for at least the first ten minutes. I'm a very understanding person in that I'll write off someone having a bad night, but since the past three times I've gone she's continued to be uninterested in our business, I have to decide it's simply bad service. It helps no one to be off-putting and dismissive to customers, particularly ones that haven't even gotten a chance to get a drink.Nothing hugely special. They have a fun quizzo night though.Hosting our monthly meet up .com brunch I chose this restaurant .We were warmly greet by the bar maid and then hostess.I gave my name and was told I had people waiting. . We were seated in the back away from the live jazz music so it made perfect background music  for conversation. Food: Wonderful I had the french toast  with Grand Marnier soaked apple. Top that off with a mimosa and you have  the start of a great Sunday . My party of about  12 had an array of  wonderful plated meals that were quickly devoured .One of the few places in this city that serves a decent Monte Cristo  My co-organizer was very pleased .it was one of the reasons  i chose to have our event here . Check out all the amusing  bobble heads in the show case as you  are leaving . Thank you to all the staff  for making our monthly brunch worth coming out in all  that heatMy parents, brothers, and I were staying in Center City for the weekend. We came to Nodding Head for a casual dinner on Friday night around 6:30pm. We walked upstairs and were seated immediately. I found our waiter to be very friendly and attentive. My dad had a Grog, which is a dark beer. Dark beers aren't my thing but I did enjoy the after taste of chocolate. My mom and I had a Solstice, which is a light, refreshing beer. To start we had the sampler. I suppose with a few more beers I could have enjoyed the platter of fried goodness. The fried mac n cheese was creamy and rich and the onion rings had a tasty batter. For dinner my dad had a meatloaf sandwich. The meatloaf had a hint of spice and the gravy was delicious, especially on the fries. My mom had the rasta man chicken sandwich. The sweet plantains and Spanish fries (fries with grilled onions and jalepeños) were a great compliment to the spicy, jerk chicken. My youngest brother had the pulled pork sandwich. It had a ton of meat on it and the potato wedges that were served with it were his favorite. My other brother and I had the Monk burger. The creamy blue cheese with the grilled, sweet leeks are delicious toppings on the moist burger. The seasoned fries however were what made my meal even better. They were cooked perfectly and were seasoned heavy handedly. Overall I found this place to have a great atmosphere. The dining room we were sitting in could have been a bit more lit, but that is my only complaint. When I stay in Philadelphia again I will come to Nodding Head for a beer and some delicious, wallet friendly food.Nodding Head is one of my most favorite bars anywhere. Delicious seasonal beers on tap -- I esp. like their Ich Bin Ein Berlinner Weisse, Harvest Ale, Saison, and 3C Extreme which are all brewed on the premises. They always have a great menu selection -- in particular their onion rings, ribs, mussels, and frittes are tremendous! Their wait staff are always attentive and courteous. I can't recommend this place enough. It is truly a gastropub jewel in the crown of Center City Philadelphia.Really great beer. Food was okay. Service was middling, but then they got their act together. Lots and lots of men on a weekday evening. It felt like the parties that my baby brother gave in Chicago after he graduated college. But this was not bad...
Prices were all reasonable. Crowd was more casual, business casual, or just plain casual urban. I went in DC business casual (dress/nice cardi) and stuck out like a sore thumb.Great little restaurant and craft brewery.  Service is a little slow for lunch... and the servers are jerkish about seating you if you're not eating (which is funny... because I'll buy way more in beer in an hour than most people will buy in food) - but it's still a favorite haunt of mine in the city.  
Being a brewer, the beer available are pretty much whatever they just kegged.  By far and away my favorite is the Grog - an earthy dark brown ale - which is what I reach for if I'm looking to set and talk for a bit.  If darker beers aren't your thing, I recommend 60 Shilling... an amber Scotish-style ale.  If you're a beer wuss and are wondering where the Miller Light is on the menu, order a BPA.  Oh - and if you're like me and love a good wheat beer, pray O-Tay is on the menu.  It's a rare appearance, but an awesome beer.
I don't go to Nodding Head for the food... although they have a descent burger.  Lately I've been getting the Jamaican Chicken sandwich off the bar menu... or the Brandini burger.  Only thing I'd warn against would be the french dip - which if is is actually famous I don't know what for.
I'm giving it four stars overall because of the beer.  It's be a two for food though - so aim in when you're looking for a happy hour or a late night drink.Liked the BPA beer and the mussels. Decor is dark bar but friendly. It's on the second floor so walk up is required. 
The harvest beer was delicious.Great brews, Great food. Son loved the bobblehead collection.  Left with a full belly for a very reasonable price.Okay food and okay microbrew.  Great ambiance.  It's always quiet and never too crowded so it's a great place for a date or to have a conversation with friends.Just might be my favorite bar in center city. Yep...it is. The food is good, the beer is even better, and the location is tucked away in a nice little spot. I had to laugh at the "steep death-trap stairs" that some comment on...they're only dangerous if you leave this place hammered (which just might happen, by the way).   The prices are fair, and the bartenders seem very cool too. I should definitely go to this place more often!I enjoyed my beer (700 level if i remember right). Food wasnt  bad either. Its a cute place to eat and have some drinks with friends!!Had dinner here recently for a business function and since I'm not a beer aficionado, I may not be the right guy to judge.  That said, I was not a an of the Picnic (cherry) and the one with ginger and lemongrass. Just not a fan.  The apps were pretty good.  Edamame was pretty good but the sauce served with it was too bitter.  Mac and cheese was smooth and great cheesy flavor.  Onion rings were crispy and fresh served with a nice creamy sauce.
Had the French dip and split a meatloaf sandwich with a friend. Both were good.  Loads of meat, fresh roll served with good fresh and crisp fries.  Not sure I'd go back but sounds like I may be in the minority...My parents were in town and I wanted them to experience some amazing beer/food.  After turning away from Monks due to an insane crowd, we sought out Nodding Head.
The beer selection is always on par, even if they only have about 6-7 types on draft at any given time.  My dad really enjoyed the Monkey Knife.  As for the food, my husband and I got the baked brie as an appetizer and it was superb.  My parents enjoyed the baked macaroni and loved every bite.
Our main courses were just okay.  I ordered the Happy Pig, pork with a fried egg on top.  I found the pork to be a bit cardboard-ish.  The wait staff brought everyone's food out except for my dad's, which was probably just forgotten.  The waitress took a beer off of his tab for his wait, which he really appreciated.  
Overall, my parents enjoyed the food and atmosphere, but as a resident Philadelphian, I've had better.  I probably wouldn't recommend this place for guests unless they just want a quick beer.  Or to partake in Sunday night quizzo.  You can definitely get better quality food elsewhere in this area.I just visited this place during my last visit to Philly...The place is on a 2nd floor and it's really old, looks untouch which I like....I apprepciate the originality of it....the music is good...good to hang, habve a few beers and chat...I loved the Grog beer with the baked brie with nuts and mango chutney....also the 60 chilling beer with the onions rings was so good...I wish I had this same place around my block in Guttenberg, NJ....I will go back next time I'm in Philly and I will try those wings that seem to have good reviews also...cool place.Where's the love? I'm surprised this doesn't have more 5-star reviews. Maybe us locals are just trying to keep it to ourselves?
I've never had a bad experience at Nodding Head. The beer brewed on-site is terrific, and you won't find it anywhere else. The food is consistently great. While it's no Food Network crazy chef fabuloso stuff, it's always been what I craved when I'm there. My favorite is the Cajun Chicken Sandwich. I absolutely love the honey mustard with it.
Last time I was there, one of the specials was a blackened tuna sandwich with blue cheese. It was astoundingly good. The tuna was so juicy and perfectly done, and the toppings just perfected the overall taste. I do maybe need to branch out and try some other dishes though. And I think I foresee a Sunday night quizzo outing for me and my friends soon.
One small tip for those of you who like your face without blood pouring out of it: don't walk in front of the dart boards during a game. I've never seen any actual blood here. But with the placement of the boards, it could easily happen. Maybe this is how Monkey Knife Fight got its name?I would give Nodding Head more stars if their service was better.  I love their food, beers and the general ambience of the restaurant however the past several times I went to eat there the waitstaff has been pretty rude. I even asked to have my food wrapped up and instead she put my dinner partner's plate on top of mine and walked away. No leftovers for me! Please check your attitude before you work in a customer service oriented job.stopped in to get a beer and a snack while in Philly. Good selection of beers and food. I had the hummus plate, was really good. The atmosphere is pleasant. If youre a sports fan they have tvs with all the games going on. Good place to route for your team, thats not the Phillies.I have been going to Nodding Head roughly 7 years now and I must admit I get the same thing everytime, The Muffaletta. I used to get it with frites, which are always tasty and they come with Monks Bourbon Mayo but I have since switched to the Bistro Salad per Alex the Bartenders recommedation. The Sandwich is always a  consistent. Warm, flavorful and just the right amount of each ingredient. I never tire of it. My lunch buddy this day got the ceasar and a side of frites which she said were both fantastic. The beer is always fresh and cold. The Berlinerweiss (woodruff syrup a must) is one of my all time favorite brews EVER. I recommend Nodding Head for the perfect midweek lunch. Hell I reccommend it for anytime. If only they had proper AC and it wasn't 157 degrees inside.Man I just got a gigantic craving for a serving of nuclear wings and a pint of freshly brewed Grog! Not the most comfortable of places in my opinion, their food and beverages do make up for it in the long. This is a definite spot to grab a bite and a pint, but wouldn't make plans to meet all my friends here for a long night of drinking. I also agree with Aaron, the staff could nod a lil more for dramatic effect,lol.I've lived in Philly for about a year, and I've been here now three times. I love this place. The beer is always great and the food is really awesome. The staff is friendly and laid back.Great beers, huge variety in food items, and a fantastic sandwich called the "loaded grill cheese" - which is a tasty pile of pulled pork and cheddar cheese on buttered toasted bread with a side of potato pancakes. 
Yum!Nine years ago when I was first introduced to Nodding Head, I would have given it 5+ stars. Sadly, as the years have passed, so has my affection for this place. 
The beer: Over the past 2/3 years (?) the beer has not been exactly spectacular. It still maintains the trademark flavor of all their beers, and they aren't bad, but there was a consistency the Grog and 60 Shilling had (and all the others - I've had most of them many times) that seems to be lacking in my past dozen or so visits. Whereas the beer used to be 8 or 9/10, it has become a 5 or 6/10. It's thin and not as flavorful - but still better than a lot of other brewers -- in short, I miss the Grog from the mid-00s.
The service: Wow. There used to be a couple of guys behind the bar that were always pleasant and even when the place was busy, you could get served cordially. I haven't seen any of them in a while - could be my bad luck on when I went in - or maybe they have moved on. The past few times there was a lady, who has been working there for quite a while, and each time her mood was more and more sour. I can handle a gruff barkeep - it's sometimes their only charm...just something about this lady that rubs me the wrong way....and apparently I'm not alone after reading the other comments. 
The last time I was there was an Eagles game on a Thursday (back in September...the 19th to be exact). I was not there for the Eagle's game....and neither was any one else for that matter. There was on table of folks talking to each other, ignoring the TV, one guy looking at the TV, and me and my girlfriend and friend (out for her birthday). The lady was rude, and was pretty aggressive with putting our drinks down on the bar...it was a weird tone to start the evening. The game was in halftime or commercial break or a timeout....i.e. it wasn't on - I went to the jukebox, put a dollar in, and the lady runs around the bar like the goddamn place was on fire and tells me I can't play the jukebox because people are trying to watch the game. I looked around the bar...at the one guy there for the game. I'm not saying my experience is more important than his - but, the way the lady bartender handled the situation was piss poor. I got the general vibe that this lady didn't want us, or anybody else to be there. To her credit, she gave me my dollar back, after I asked for it. 
The handful of times I sat at a table, the waiters have all been great. It's just that one lady.....I like to sit at the bar when I go out....I shan't be returning to hers.
Note to lady: if you don't want the jukebox played...turn it off for the game. Also, I'm sorry if something happened in your life that has left you perpetually grumpy.
The Food: The food is excellent. Never had anything that wasn't tasty. The menu is diverse enough to accommodate most people appetites. Nothing too fancy - just good, well presented food.
Atmosphere: Cool, dark - kind of divey, but not really. Good for brunch and lunch and dinner. Can get REAL loud at times....like shouting to be heard loud - but that has only been a few times, and on the weekend.
I wouldn't say to avoid this place - just don't sit at the bar, and while drinking one of their beers, close your eyes and imagine what it would be like if it was twice as good. Fare thee well, sweet, and dear Grog. I'll see you in my dreams.The beer selection was great... i really wanted to give this place 3.5 stars because of that reason but the food was nothing spectacular. The pomme frites were so so, the tuna fillet salad was a let down (the tuna was basically cooked through when asked for pan seared) and the jambalaya was disappointing. Go here for the beer & company.omg i had never had the chicken fingers until last night........they are delish! they come with some salad greens, just sprinkle some dressing on them when you finish!A clutch place to go if everywhere else is crammed on a Friday night. Food is appetizing and atmosphere is what you'd expect in a Philadelphia infill. The vegan stew is massive and filling, go with it if you're hungry.Not really sure of what to make of this place yet. Stopped in to try something different beer wise after a meal some where else. Neither of us cared for the beer we had (I think it was called 700 level?) and it was 5.50, so that was a total waste. Only reason I'm not giving a lower rating is because their food choices sound pretty good and I'd like to give them another try.This was a fun laid back spot! Beers are delicious and so is the food! I had a chicken finger sandwich with honey mustard and my boyfriend had the tuna sandwich. Both were served with fries that had a little old bay seasoning- crispy and delicious!!!!!!! I would have given it 5 stars but the service was a little slow. Other than that, try it out! :)Decent place to grab a beer. Friendly setting and good prices. Just watch the steep stairs on your way out.Steep exit death trap
Cool Bar tender, cooler bar
This is Deja Vu
I'm only giving three stars because I didn't have any food to review, only tried the one beer (60 Shilling is goooooood), and had next to no contact with staff. I will be back, I will try a different brew, and I will eat something. I liked this space.
The thing I liked most was the bar. Aaron pointed out that it is the type of bar I was expecting Monk's to have. Easy to "belly up" to this one. I also had the feeling of having been there before which was explained by Alexandra's post. The music was just loud enough to recognize a few favorites, so the vibe is conducive to conversation....or passing out standing up, but that's a different story ;)
Go here...and if you do let me know, I'll come join ya.I kind of have a thing for beer.  So while visiting my girlfriends college friends and her old stomping ground, she took me to a place we had over looked in our many trips to Philly.  Nodding Head.  
So the adventure for some lunch and some good beers was on! Nestalled up stairs and up a nice cozy (or cramped) hally way was a beatuful sight.  When we arrived at the top of the stairs we opted to sit a a high top table in the bar area.  Is there really any other way?  It had a nice view of the Brewery and a great looking bar.  We saw the Brewmaster walking around with his yellow slush boot on, doing a great job.  
I was recommended a Ruben, an I must say it was tasty.  It was served along with an amazing dipping sauce.  A Sauce I have had once since at Good Dog.  There food was great and so was their atmosphere.
I love their logo.  Happy little men with great big smiles selling me beer.  They wear nice little signs so I know what is on tap. But if you are not by the bar, directly above it is a nice long chalk board with all the current drafts and a beer list at your table with a nice description of their current beers.  
I drank the Grog and the Monkey Knife Fight, while my girlfriend had a 60 Shilling,  All three beers were great!  I wanted to drink them all, but we had more city to visit and more beer to drink, so off we went.
But Nodding Head remains on my radar and I will return.  If you enjoy a good micro and you are in the city, Nodding Head is a must.There is no service worse than a drunk bartender, unless he happens to be talking loudly to his colleague about sex in a half empty bar.
How can you give a brewery that stays open all legal hours any more than 1 star with such poor service? Many reviews note the poor service. I will briefly tell what happened to me.
I walked in late and sober after walking a friend to the subway. I wanted to have a beer and catch up with my emails. I had never been there before but a friend of mine who is a real "foodie" and whose tastes extend to beer and wine recommended it a while back. I ordered what i thought to be the hoppiest beer there: a "BPA". Then I turned took in the bar.
It was a scene of 20 some 20 somethings drinking beer out of unusually shaped glasses, the name of which I'm sure my foodie friend would know. The tv advertised a number to call about measlothelioma*sp. Two well dressed couples were playing darts casually against each other occasionally bouncing one dart off of the board and onto the floor. The rest of the twenty twenty-somethings sat in small groups around tables with two other men at the bar.
Then I heard my bartender ask a waiter wearing a gold necklace and "jorts""which of the men playing darts would you rather..."
~ I had better not go there but the waiter in jorts did answer "the bald muscular one" before returning the question.
Never having been there before I awkardly asked my bartender"is this a gay bar." Knowing exactly why I asked he said "this isn't a gay bar but he (jorts) is gay."
OMG too much information! No need to out your friends! A "no" would have sufficed.
I caught up on my email and some notes and at last call I asked my bartender to call me a cab. (This is where it gets bad.) He tells meit will take too long and I should "get out and start walking." I didnt understand his meaning said "please" and asked again for a cab. He then took my beer, my first, off of my coaster and change, and threw my beer away!
 If its not for the general atmosphere, why not save that conversation for after work when on the other side of the bar (and the rounds of whisky shots too while you're at it.) And when your customer asks you call him a cab at 1:45AM please do.
There is no service worse than a drunk bartender talking loudly about sex with his colleague.I am less impressed every time I go here. I think it was the first brewery restaurant that I went to in Philly, so it was at the top of my list of pubs for a while; but now I think it is a big let-down whenever I end up there. 
First, it always smells like an old dishrag in the restaurant. My friend told me that is probably because of the beer brewing, but I'm not so sure; I feel like every time I sit down at a table, it was just wiped down with the last dishtowel on Earth. It is all I can smell. Not appetizing at all. 
Second, they really crap out on the vegetarian options. They just aren't good. The appetizers are OK (although the edamame is way too greasy), but the few meal options they have are sub-par. I've said it before and I'll say it again: roasted red peppers do not a vegetarian sandwich make. Every other restaurant I visit seems to have this in mind: "I know how to make a vegetarian sandwich! I'll take out the meat and put roasted red peppers there instead"! Please, please, PLEASE, spare me the roasted red peppers; They are gross. 
My final complaint is a new one for this place. I was there the other night, and intrigued by the offering of "house made caesar dressing," I ordered a caesar salad. The dressing was disgusting. It was like they just dumped a bottle of mayonnaise over a bed of lettuce. In case there are other cooks reading this: you DO NOT make caesar dressing with mayonnaise. Caesar dressing does have egg in it, yes, but that is not the same as mayonnaise.  Mayonnaise is not the quick solution to a good caesar dressing. Because of that, it was probably the worst caesar salad I had ever had. 
The only thing that redeems this place is the beer. So go there for Happy Hour, maybe order some fries and hummus dip, but avoid sitting at a "clean" table and get your meal someplace else.stumbled upon this one night looking for a decent beer. found it in the belgian chocolate stout! food was terrific, service was good even though the place was completely over-run by someone's rehearsal dinner. definitely on the list for a return visit.Eh. Beers left me cold. NO ambiance; just a big, empty room. Little bit of neat, old woodwork around the bar itself. Not sure what the reputation is about. Philly has WAY better eateries, pubs, brews, and otherwise impressive nooks, than this.No growlers for take home. :( 
I rate beer on a pint scale of 0-5 how many pints I could drink in a night. 
700 level (philadelphians get the reference) a "light" ipa. Bitter and hoppy like an ipa but not drastic. 2 pints. 
BPA (bill payer ale) hoppy and bitter. I don't like ipas so I'm not the best judge. 0 pints. 
Grog: session meets porter. Slightly sweet not too heavy. 2 pints.
George's fault: Belgian style with honey. Too sweet for my taste. 0 pints. 
O-tay: unique and different. Brewed with buckwheat. 2 pints. I can't even begin to describe it. Just come and try it.  
60 shilling: cask conditioned: ridiculously smooth but lacking in flavor. 1 pint.Good, but not great.  I would say the food and beer are average with less than normal selection
MANY types of Mussels which is pretty cool.  Definitly a cool stop but better places in the cityWhen I arrived, it was about 7pm, so it was just about empty with people grabbing early dinners, as well as some regulars at the bar. 
The atmosphere is fantastic. As my friends aptly described it, it is very much a "Philly" bar. Friendly, down-to-earth, and with great beer. I recommend the Monkey Knife Fight, which the three of us all enjoyedI REALLY enjoyed this place. Besides the over wearing of plaid at the young Republican/Frat party that was happening in the private room off the bar, it was a FABULOUS time. I went here with a group of 10 on a Saturday afternoon. We had wings and beer and played darts. 
The wings were scary and difficult to eat ( they were the Large, whole wing version) and they kind of grossed me out a bit. They were very tasty, but I don't like to see all parts of the wing in one. 
We got pitchers of their homemade Spring Ale and is was fantastic and only $13/ pitcher. My friends are still raving to this day about how it was possibly the best beer they have ever had.
The location was pretty cool too. It's located on the second floor and reminiscent of a pub where Ben Franklin may have come to ponder the future of our country over a pint. It's dark and weathered looking but that only adds charm. They also have huge U shaped booths which fit our entire party and allowed us all to converse.
If I was looking for a pub in Philly, this would be my first choice.I've been to Nodding Head twice now, once taking a business partner for a couple brews and a debrief after a massacre of a client meeting, and then last night for late night drunk food with fellow Yelper Michelle C. and her sister after the event at Helium, where I had like 6 Bud Lights.  Nodding Head is pretty well-known as a local microbrewery staple, lauded by self-described true brew heads as a destination for heavy and unique tasting oat soda.
FIRST IMPRESSIONS:
I've been there when I was in the only table in the place, and I've been there when there's a full crowd at night, but both were on weekdays, so I can't speak to Nodding Head as a weekend spot.  It's gives just the kind of first impression you'd expect from a microbrewery, if not a little more earthly than most.  The clientelle and staff appear to be the kind of people who know their beer and come to Nodding Head for a reason, and that you wouldn't catch many of them dead in a chic martini lounge or wine & cheese bar...regardless, the mood feels jovial and welcoming.  Nodding Head can be a little inconspicuous if it's your first (or in my case, second) time, as it's accessed via a single door leading upstairs.  There is usually a sign there, but I completely missed it.
THE ATMOSPHERE/SERVICE:
Dark, very dark and warm, with all-wood furnishings, floors, etc., accented by the tall stainless steel brewing equipment.  The bathrooms are located in the center where the main brewery is implanted right in the center of the rear seating area, giving you the feeling that you really are drinking their beer in the middle of their brewery (a la Sam Adams commercials).  As I said, the clientelle appear to be pretty friendly, our waiter was able to accommodate us as relative brew newbs, so we all felt pretty comfortable.  I've been to other breweries where the staff was condescending and didn't do much to help us decide what to try, but in the case of Nodding Head, I feel they were just the opposite in both visits.
THE DRINKS/FOOD:
As mentioned earlier, most of Nodding Head's brews are pretty heavy, Grog and Monkey Knife Fight being the lightest, and Oatmeal Stout being on the heavier side.  Additionally, the menu gave no indication of their carrying other brews, which leads me to believe that they don't; even though I remember seeing a bar, I couldn't see if it was stocked with anything.  I got the Grog the first time, which was pretty good, a little heavy for my tastes, and the Monkey Knife Fight the second time.  Monkey Knife Fight is a bit clearer in my memory-- it is relatively light, with a heavy ginger flavor...definitely NOT the choice to compliment spicy foods, which is mostly what we had ordered, but it was still tasteful and enjoyable to me before we got our food.  The food was very good, although we only had appetizers-- the Pita w/ spicy hummus, a sampler platter, and their pub fries.  While the hummus didn't taste very home made, it wasn't bad, and the sampler and the fries were excellent-- I loved the texture and taste of the fries, with that spicy mayonnaise concoction they have for dipping (which I got to keep all to myself).  It was a little on the pricey side for some of the food, but I guess it was worth it.  Portions were very generous, and we all left feeling satiated.
THE BOTTOM LINE:
A cozy little microbrewery that is as tried-and-true to beer vets as it is accessible to brew newbies, they have good food and good heavy beer (if heavy beer is your thing), don't go there expecting to taste something you could try somewhere else, the flavors are unique and should be enjoyed and judged according to your palette and not your past experiences at other breweries.  Worth checking out for sure if you're curious!We only had the beer, which was ok.  The atmosphere was cool.  Laid back, kind of dark.  The beer selections were pretty good - all brewed there.  They were out of their especially strong one, which given the circumstances turned out to be a good thing.  There wasn't a ton of beer variety for a micro, which is why the 3 vs. 4 and prices were above average.  This is a good place to go afterwork I'd imagine and if you want to try some stronger flavorful beers its a good place.Good food (mac and cheese was a big and delicious appetizer) and friendly service.  Their beers are creative and fun - new recipes, stouts, IPAs and lighter brews - something for everyone to drink.  Also has liquor & wine.Nodding Head is a nice neighborhood bar with decent beer, but that's pretty much standard in Philadelphia. The worn decor just misses the dive bar mark and the disintegrating cushions could use a little attention. Service was fine, though not especially communicative (would have saved 15 minutes if we'd been told to order at the bar on arrival). Overall, nothing to write home about unless it's where all your friends go.Our hotel recommended this place and a few others nearby, after we arrived after driving for 10 hours from Toronto to Philadelphia. It was a Tuesday evening and it wasn't too busy which was great with us - we just wanted a few quiet beers and some snacks. 
We got placed near the back, in a narrow section leading to the kitchen I think - this seemed strange since there were many other tables nearer the front and others. Whatever...we were just happy to be there. 
We should have seen the red flag when on the beer menu it read: "If you are not pleased with one of our beers it is not because it is poorly brewed, but more accurately, not to your taste." Ouch. I can appreciate people taking pride in their products, but this just shows that there's some bitter attitude in the pint you're about to get. 
Of the 6 in-house beers brewed, 2 weren't available. I'm all for interesting brews, so I was happy to try something but my wife doesn't like strong-tasting beer so she asked what would be suitable for someone who likes Corona or Stella Artois. After being told that Corona "isn't a real beer" and that she was a "beginner beer drinker", he finally suggested one of the beers they have (they only serve the ones they brew...fair enough). He brought her a sample (probably the smallest sample I've ever seen btw) and it wasn't suitable at all (I tried it also, and it was really hoppy). 
She asked if there was anything else that might work, and instead of just saying that they only serve their type of beers and asking her if she'd like a coke or something else instead, the server starts condescendingly going on again about how she is an amateur drinker (she's in her 40s, so I'm pretty sure she's had enough time to figure out her palate preferences) and that she should even like beers like Guinness (a Stout...!) because the "colour doesn't affect the taste" and "the alcohol level is low".... Now, I like Guinness but if you know people who only like lagers, you know that they're not remotely interested in beers like Guinness. He suggested another one which wasn't anything like what we were looking for either, so that was that. 
Unfortunately, we never got to try what looked like some good vegetarian options and just paid for my beer (it was ok...nothing to justify the attitude) and left. We told the other person (the one who seated us) that we were leaving and why - and he offered to have us skip paying for the drink that I had, but I paid for it anyway and we left to go find some place that didn't feel the need to treat us like crap for our preferences. Fortunately, the rest of the trip to Philadelphia was great and most people we interacted with were pleasant and courteous as anyone seeking your custom should be.loved it, sign me up for nodding head summer camp. i don't think there really is such a thing but let me make it an official suggestion. not crowded (unfortunately). great jazz trio playing; they announced that they play sunday brunch too. loving the old church pews to sit in. there is a large dr. office type scale, not sure if patrons really want to eat and drink then see how much they weigh, but it was a talking point for sure. well loved dart boards that you don't have to play to use. staff friendly, didn't eat, but drank every beer they made and had on tap. we ordered some pints but go for their flight 8oz of each for inder $3.00 a glass. 
i'm not sure if the other posts here are submitted by craft, micro or even brew fans. i, ladies and gentlemen love it!
700 level
light bodied blonde ale with a soft hop finish (4.75% abv)...in celebration of the spirit of the departed vet's upper deck
we thought, very light, almost a chardonnay or riesling 
grog
english-style brown ale... malty with a medium body and hints of chocolate... makes for a great dark session beer
we thought it fantastic, kind of a molasses aura 
fisticuffs
golden hued ale (5.25%abv) with an aggressive hop character... it'll hit you right in the taste buds 
ha ha, can't remember what we thought
enigma (6.5% abv)..."dry hopped with coffee beans....a paradox in color, aroma and flavor
we thought, hello cup o joe
wet chinook double ipa (8.5 abv) a single hop variety double ipa brewed with fresh chinook hops and dry hopped with even more chinook...a citrusy, piney, resin laden annual treat
we were big fans, hoppy but not bitter
60 shilling (cask)
lighter scottish-style ale ale (4.75% abv)...amber and malty... sometimes there are not enough o's in smooth
we thought it was one of the favorites undertones of vanilla for usNodding head is a decent pub. Mostly as good as any decent pub.
I met some friends here. It's on the second floor. The beer prices were good. Nice crowd. Nice beer selection.
Place was clean. Not much stood out, good or bad.Really upset from my experience tonight. We normally meet here a lot for small meetings for our non-profit group and usually the staff is great and that is why we always return. Tonight (Monday) our small group (8 people) were to meet at 6pm. As usual, on a Monday night, it wasn't too crowded at all. Only one other table was taken and some people were standing at the bar. 
I was the second one to arrive from my group at 5:45. The first person who was there from our group called me over and I sat. We were sitting at probably the smallest table in the place even after my friend let the waitress know that we were expecting 6-10 people. The table was surrounded by buckets and bins because of a leak when there were better tables available. I didn't have a chance to look over the menu or beer list when the waitress came over and asked me what I wanted. I asked for a water for the moment since I hadn't looked at the menu and after walking a few blocks in the 90 degree heat, I was thirsty and water would have been great before ordering dinner and a drink. The waitress gets pissed, rolls her eyes and asks with an attitude, "are you guys going to order anything??" My colleague had only ordered a water as well, waiting for some other people to show before ordering. I inform the waitress I plan on ordering dinner. 
The waitress goes over to the bar, fills a pitcher with water, gets a few glasses and slams them on the table and says, "you let me know when you are ready to order something." From that point forward, not only was I scared to ask her for anything but she couldn't be bothered to wait on us. Some people in my party wanted to order food and more drinks but she maybe came over once to check on us. We didn't have enough chairs or seating for the group but we felt unwelcome to ask for different seating or anything at all. It was hard to even get a check. 
Overall, I like nodding head but tonight made me vow never to return. I'm pretty upset over my experience tonight. This waitress was extremely rude. I will never go back there and that's a shame.One word- muffaletta. Seriously, you'll feel like you are in New Orleans while eating it. Any of their brewed beers won't disappoint either. 
Very chill, relaxed place. No one really seems to have expectations of anyone or anything. And that's what makes it good.
They also have a nice weekend brunch.They bring in Jazz musicians to accompany.One of the better brewpubs I've been to, and I've been to alot.  They do not get as much credit as they should. If you like good beer, as in dog fish head, founders, russian river, and all them bad boys, you NEED to try their stuff, it's that simple.This was our first stop during our three day trip from DC.  We came to Philly for a long weekend/anniversary trip (since I had never been).  We stayed at an amazing hotel (Palomar) in the Rittenhouse area.  After we checked into the hotel, we went to Nodding Head because it was a local brewery and a very close walking distance to us.  
It was pretty divey.  Upon walking upstairs, we were met my a nice tall server asking if we wanted a table, and being bar people we are, decided we wanted to sit in the bar area.  He told us the surrounding tables were part of the bar and would be cared for by the bartender. We sat there for a while, and then decided since no one had greeted us since we sat down, to sit at the actual bar.  WOW.  I guess I am not used to Philadelphia people, boy was she...umm...how should I put this? Rude/harsh/annoyed.  She seemed a little rough around the edges, not the normal friendly bartenders we were used to in wonderful DC, but I guess I cannot fault her on her behavior since she is in Philly.  But, considering that is her job (Aimee), she could have been a little more...approachable.  Let us move on.
George ordered the nacho burger, which he said was good.  He ordered a beer and then a flight of the rest of the beers, which she seemed irritated by, like she has never done a flight before.  Very strange, since that is what we read by other reviewers is to order the beer flight.  But all in all, the beer was okay, most of them were very hoppy/IPA and weak.  I ordered a glass of wine because I was not in a beer mood. Meh.  We probably would not return to this place, even if we lived there.
Maybe you like it, but it was not our thing.Pros:
- Good fries (though not entirely identical to Monk's)
- Similar burger menu to Monk's, with veggie burgers as an option
- A couple of interesting vegan dishes on the menu.  Generally speaking, this is a good place to bring a party that includes both vegetarians and carnivores
Cons:
- Service, while usually pretty friendly, is sometimes quite slow
- Beer is very, very inconsistent to the degree that they used to (and perhaps still do) have a policy that there are no refunds or exchanges on beer purchases, no matter how much you hate it.  Avoid the green beer at all costs!
- Las cucarachas!  One time, I brought my brother here for lunch for his birthday.  We're sitting there, chatting away, when my brother brushes at something itching his leg.  It doesn't go away, so he shakes his leg hard, and the largest, reddest, hairiest cockroach that I have ever seen falls out of his pant leg.  Gah!  I guess it says something about Nodding Head (or me?) that I have returned here several times since that shudder-inducing incident.
Go for lunch or a beer, and watch your feet if you're sitting in a booth.i always like coming to this place when i come home to vi sit my parents.  nodding head = bobble heads, of which this place has an immense collection : )I've only been here a couple of times, once just to have a beer, and another time to grab a bite to eat.  For just the beer, it was fine.  The servers were friendly and the beer, something that they brew, was just fine.  The time I ate, I got a burger, but it was only so-so.  It was kind of blah and the roll that the burger came on was ginormous compared to the puny patty, so you mostly got roll, and very little burger.  I remember the fries being pretty decent.  I don't have anything bad to say about iNodding Head, but I don't have really have anything that great to say about it either. It was just eh.  Not really all that memorable. I won't be sad if I never go back to this place.I don't drink beer but I came to meet someone here. I ordered rum and coke. Service was nice. I went on a week night so it was pretty laid back until after 8pm when a large crowd came in. I was leaving around 9pm and it was def getting louder so figure more folks were showing up later. Glad I came earlier.
I ordered a sandwich. I wasn't too impressed with it. It was like french toast used to make a sandwich. The bread was too soggy and pretty much made me nauseated just thinking that perhaps the eggs didn't cook thru. I just ate half the sandwich and picked out the ham/turkey inside it.
I prob won't return because it's just not my scene. But if u like beer and that sorta atmosphere then it's prob a place for you.Do yourself a favor and (if you're not a vegetarian/vegan) order the strip steak sandwich. I hate to say this but OMG. Everything that I've tried here is great, from the spicy mussels to the vegan burger. 
The service can tend to lag sometimes but they're really busy any time I'm there so it's understandable. Wait time is never too long and if it is it's not too crowded at the bar, you can hang out there while you wait. They have a great beer selection, wine also if that's more to your liking.Can't really give the place a solid assessment just yet as I went here last night for drinks with co-workers. Cool laid back vibe, good HH pricing, food smelled delish, great crowd. I love the layout, too. One thing I love about moving back East - the awesome bars and old charm. I'll definitely check it out again....We ate here last night, it was our anniversary and we decided to blow a bunch of money at the Sugar House casino before hitting the town...that was okay, but we ended up spending our "nice restaurant money", but if we hadn't lost, we never would have found this place!
Nodding Head had some great craft beers on draft, I was a fan of their citrusy Spring Ale. We shared a charcuterie platter, which was modest but  tasty, and for under $10 it was a deal. We also got a pot of mussels and they were great, very tenderly cooked, we got the "Monk's" flavored ones with olives, leeks, and tomatoes. They come with pommes frites and they were delicious as well, they're served with jalepeno/bourbon mayonnaise mmm.
The inside was cozy, I think we'll returnVery good beers.  I loved the oatmeal stout.  The Nato Red might be good, but it definitely didn't pair well with our meals.  We shared a yummy appetizer of white beans and sage, which came with warm pita triangles.  The polenta puttanesca was great, sort of a lasagna made with polenta, mushroom, and tofu (but I couldn't tell it was tofu).  The fish in the fish & chips was fresh.  The fries were delicious.  The restaurant itself is dark, cozy, and a little classier than your average brewpub.
How did Fergie manage to create an empire of deliciousness?  
Tangent: Philly has amazing pub grub.  Even in the dingiest of dive pubs, the food is a notch above the good pubs in most cities.  Nodding Head would be considered upscale in other cities, but it manages to be unpretentious and comfortable to all types of people.
I'm getting so fat in this city....Well, let's just say I could write a more accurate review if the service here wasn't so bad that I've left before ordering on the past two visits. 
Most recently, we went around 8 PM on a Monday night and when we told the hostess we'd only be ordering drinks, she said we could seat ourselves, and began to walk away. She had to come back, however, and scold us for heading towards what she called the dinning room. She also reiterated that we would just have to take ourselves up to the bar and order when we were ready. Seriously, part of why you come to a place like this is to be served. Otherwise, we would have just bought a nice six pack and stayed at home. 
Hello people. It's the service industry. Thus, service can really make it or break it for you.Yeah, I'll say the beer here isn't good.  And I like beer a lot - any kind, really, including the batches that I've brewed myself - but this stuff just doesn't do it for me.  It just isn't tasty.  Not very good.
I don't know what else to say.  It was a let down.As someone who does not typically drink beer, I can attest that Monkey Knife Fight is a must-try.  All that this brewery has to offer is admittedly wasted on me, but I still enjoy the food and drinks offered here.
The atmosphere is lively and unassuming.  There are large booth tables perfect for groups and two-seater tables for intimate outings.  I like the high-top window tables, too.  Lighting is dim and music a few decibals higher than just background noise.  There are large tv's, too, so you can watch whatever game is on.  
I have had some of their basic vegetarian dishes including the hummus and white bean stew and was pretty satisfied.  This is a fine place to go for catching up, winding down, or getting the night started. I would give it 3.5 stars if I could, but it doesn't get 4 because service can be abrupt.For such a well-known Philadelphia brewpub, I was a little disappointed in the beers themselves.  I have to admit, the foodery has turned me into a bit of a "beer snob" but I tried 4 of their beers and didn't like any of them.  I sampled 2 ales, ordered an ale, and tasted my date's wheat beer also, so they had plenty of opportunity to impress my palate, but really didn't.  The beers were very similar in taste and the finish was sort of strange.  
The restaurant was fine, the service was ok, the crowd was great for a Friday night, but it didn't live up to my expectations.Great Mussels and Great Value. $10 for yummy mussels and a generous side of pomme frites? We tried the daily special Garlic/Butter Mussels and the Jerk Mussels. Very Flavorful !!! We also tried the Thai Chili Wings - but they were just deep fried regular wings drenched in some sweet sauce and soy. Waitress was moody but we didn't really care. The food was good.