My boyfriend and I ordered Pork bun, Oyako bowl and Salmon poké bowl. Everything was excellent! So delicious. Def visit again(regularly lol)This place never disappoints. This is probably my 7th time back and this time they added Otoro bluefin tuna to the menu for a limited time only. The tuna was so fresh and tender. You can see the marbling very clearly and they give generous portions.The tuna really melts in your mouth and I can't get enough. Every element in the bowl was very well crafted. The chefs really take pride in their work. If you love authentic fresh Japanese food, you must give this place a visit. Probably the best Japanese restaurant in Philly.Wow this is delicious! The quality of the food, the presentation, the atmosphere...I almost feel like I'm back in Japan (that's pretty high praise for me- after visiting Japan, I have pretty unrealistic expectations for Japanese style food in the US haha). Would definitely recommend this place to anyone who likes Asian food!Pretty good- a great addition to the penn food scene. I had the unagi bowl which taste and composition wise was definitely 5 stars. The ship is very cute and well decorated. It's a bit hidden (right by international house) but definitely worth seeking out. The main downside is the price- this Bowl was $15 including tax. Every single customization and add on costs more money- just to get half rice half salad base, you'd have to pay an extra $1.50. With Poke Man so close by and on average, probably $5+ less per meal, Nom Nom's price point will definitely deter me/ other students from coming.
A great occasional great, but not a regular lunch/ dinner spot.Very dedicated chef and one of the best Japanese restaurants in university city if not the best. It's like an Artesian Japanese restaurant which one could only find in japan. Food portion is very reasonable and the quality is supreme. The taste is authentic and they put thoughts into the presentation of the dish. Absolutely loving it!!What a pleasant surprise! 
Was hesitant to try when I saw "Bowl" in its name. My sons and I ordered 3 bowls; unagi, rib eye tataki, and pork toro kakuni. We've been spoiled by the good food in many restaurants  and also disappointed often enough, not to expect anything really good...sorry, but just relying from Yelp or Check Please reviews have not always worked out. This was a really tasty and different experience. Of the 3 bowls, the pork was our favorite. Before we left, we ordered another one to go.Absolutely horrible. The salmon is not fresh and the masigo is fake. Not worth the priceThe food is okay but they overpriced a bit too much. Feels like an adult has to spend $16+ to get 80% full.Easily the top 3 Asian restaurant in west phila. Yes. That's right. Pork bun is legit. It was the best pork bun i experienced in phila. Period. I also got the oyoku and my partner got the salmon poke. It is dog friendly and will be bringing all my friends here.Such a cool Japanese place. The ordering system is tech based and super customizable. All the choices are really interesting, flavorful and certainly more high class looking than your average customize your own bowl places. The staff is super kind and even asked us if we enjoyed everything. I had the cod which was surprisingly fresh, well cooked and yummy. The only downside I had with this place was how when you order the salad base, they mix the dressing with it -- perhaps an option where you can do dressing on the side? (But this is coming from a health freak ). The green tea grain tea is amazing, you get a whole pot! A great experience overall.Great poke bowls. Recommend the Hawaiian or the Honolulu classic rice bowls. Nice indoor seating area to eat in.These noodles are exquisite. Delicious and perfectly chewy. Prolly the best noodle I've had in Philly in terms of texture, taste, and mouth feel. This Italian was living the al dente!! 
Delicious food. Delicate fish. Nice combination of flavors and textures. AND they carry Artisan Boulangerie croissants.... Swoon!Delicious food in an inviting setting. I loved the feel of the place, felt like I was transported somewhere else with very chill music and loved the wood paneling and ceramic bowls as decor. It's informal and cozy and you can see the food being prepared. I liked that you could order using a touch screen and see all the customization options in front of you. It's one of those make your own bowl places, but it's done very well. I ordered unagi (eel) over rice and greens and really enjoyed it. My friends each seemed to enjoy the bowls they had ordered also. I would definitely visit this spot again!To be honest, I was rather sad when the old tea and waffle place at this location went away a few years. However, its replacement - Nom Nom Bowl - is a great addition to the university city dining options! I wish it had opened sooner. The interior is very cute (though they should probably find a way to secure the booths - they tend to shift around when people sit down/get up), and the ambience is lovely. The service is also wonderful - you order and pay at electronic kiosks and then pick up at the counter - but I went on a slow day, and the chef came out and served my dish to me at the table I was sitting at! So kind.
I had the roasted miso cod, and the fish was cooked to just the perfect texture (not at all mushy), on top of mazemen, and the accompanying vegetables were a pleasant assortment. One drawback of the dish was the inclusion of a clump of ginger (that one would get with sushi). I found it completely unnecessary to the dish, and when I accidentally grabbed a piece or two in a bite (despite setting it off to the side of my bowl), its strong taste overpowered the delicate balance of the cod and vegetables.Japanese style donburi/rice bowl place located inside of International House on 37th street. The restaurant itself is very small and tight but nice atmosphere. I noticed the price has increased from what I've seem on Yelp (by $.99) I was pleasantly surprised that the base I chose for my order, Asian Green, was more than regular salads but actually had delicious mushroom, bamboo shoots and all. My dish was pork, and my friend got Oyako don which was also decent. Portion is on a lighter side so I went and got a bubble tea afterwards.Love this place ! A top spot I like to think it's a hidden gem in philly. Fast, fresh and so good. The staff is very friendly and executes amazing food every time.This is a place a little new gem in University city area. Interesting flavors, nice presentation and non traditional understanding of poke bowl. For example, Goma tuna is fresh tuna on the bed of warm sushi rice with some seaweed salad and avocado but decorated but little garlic chips and garnished by dry seaweed. Or another my favorite is cod, really juice and tasty cod fish with cool interesting additions. Salmon dish is delicious as well. And special note about their special ramen noodles, you can get noodles instead of rice for any bowl.
Please stop by to try something different, tasty and flavorful!This place was a total gem. I went in thinking they only took cash, because that's what one reviewer said so I stopped in WAWA to withdrawal cash for no reason. The restaurant had a touch screen ordering system which was super customizable and it took credit cards. I ordered roasted the miso cod and salmon bao. Both were delicious. The chef and staff was super friendly. The chef even came out to ask everyone how their food was.The food and service were very good. Will definitely be back.
We had as an appetizer pork bao- very good
Roasted miso cod and pork spicy mazamen -both very good.The restaurant is still in its soft launch so you have to pay cash but the food is excellent. I had the miso cod and it was delicious.Wow the food taste AMAZING. Little pricy but worth it it's like a 5 start restaurant quality. Staff is very friendly and atmosphere is Japanese feeling. Perfect.I haven't felt like I was back in Japan until coming to this place. 100% delicious poke! Definitely will be coming back.Was so excited to try this new poke place. It's from the same owner as Nom Nom Ramen on 18th and Ludlow. OMG everything was so authentic and delicious. The portions were very big and it was cheap! We tried both tuna rice bowls with salad combination, the cod with noodle, and the pork with rice. It was so flavorful and everything was so fresh. Really felt like everything was prepared with heart. I've tried many poke places before and nothing comes close to as good as this place. I'm bringing my friends here next week and can't wait!!!An accidental stumble into the place, and it was great! We were in the neighborhood for some meetings, had about 30 minutes to grab something fast, and we're super pleased with our find!
We had the pork spicy noodle dish... Very tasty, a little kick, pork melted in your mouth, no complaints at all. Definitely a convenient spot to grab a quick bite. They also offer tons of outdoor seating... And the staff is super nice.
I'll absolutely get back when in the area...Nom Nom Bowl is one of the top poke bowl places in West Philly, and that's really saying something for an area that seems to have taken it upon itself to stuff in as many poke chains as possible. Especially for a casual, quick eats place, the food is high quality, well-cooked, interestingly combined, and made with--dare I say--some artistry. Once I even heard one of the chefs explaining the different sashimi knives they used.
Chill, authentic, and unpretentious vibes. This places is so close to my apartment it's dangerous.Absolutely tasty and authentic. A little bit pricey. Ordered salmon poke with added-on tuna. Both are fresh. Will be back often.It's a cute little place. The food came out quickly. I ordered the Yuzu Salmon Poke over Greens which was tasty.Really liked the food I was served here. You order from a terminal computer and digital menu, so if you have questions you're outta luck. But the Salmon Kama with rice & greens was super tasty. This place is worth a try if you haven't.I tried the place today and the bowl came out fast and it was delicious. The spicy mazemen is actually pretty spicy, and it goes really well with the poached egg. The portions look small but they're very filling. There's a lot of outside seating and it's a very nice clean store.Love the place and the bowls! If you are near to the University of Pennsylvania, you need to try this placeStopped in for lunch before catching a train. Ordered the Sansho Salmon Poke with half rice/half greens and avocado. Literally nom nom. I'll be coming back.Best Japanese food I've ever had in Philly and I've been to the morimoto in center city. I had their pork kakuni rice bowl and from the first bite I knew this was something extraordinary. The pork was incredibly tender and melted in my mouth, I'd never had anything like it before, even in Japan. The bowl is well thought out and every element makes sense. Love the onsen tomago and the fried onion flakes on top, gives something special to each bite!!Tasty food. However best to order f2f. Messed up remote order, gave it away to someone else, finally when I got it, turns out they put rice instead of greens - could be comical if not sad :)This is the third time I have been here and I have been wowed every single time. 
I hate it when I order a bao bun and it only comes it's one flimsy measly slice of meat.  This is not the case here, the meat portions are generous in the baos. The pork bao buns are brimming with both meat and flavor. 
There is no better poke in this city. Whether you go with tuna or salmon you cannot go wrong. The ingredients are fresh and fit for a king. 
The noodles here are really good. I have gotten eel over noodles and pork over noodles. So good. I probably wouldn't eat raw fish over noodles but any other cooked meat over noodles is sure to be a smash hit. It's worth the extra $2 for the noodles. Trust me! It is always fun to mix a soft poached egg into the meal. It makes everything so gooey and warm. I love it!
I love the melon soda here. It is kind of funky but I really love the aluminum bottle it comes in.The food is amazing, I've eaten here many times. Try the Bao bun if you need a quick bite.Atmosphere: 
Food : 
Service : 
Wait Time :  (very quick)
Friendly staff : 
Price :  
I ate Edamame and salmon rice(?). The staff was helpful and friendly. I had best Asian food in PA here!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Nom Nom offers delicious rice bows with a stripped-down service experience. You'll start by ordering on a tablet. You can customize your bowl however you like by choosing your base (rice or greens) and your toppings (e.g. chicken, fish, poached egg, mushrooms, etc.). Once you place your order and pay on the tablet, just grab a seat and wait a few minutes for the staff to prep your bowl. Then enjoy! It's a tasty and fairly-priced meal, and it's pretty quick, in case you're on a schedule. Check them out!Fantastic upscale Japanese bowl place. Really complex flavors and freshly made to order. Really great atmosphere inside as well! Great place to grab a quick bite.Who knew that a broth-less ramen could taste so so good!! Fiancé and I went on a Saturday afternoon, it's a casual quick sit down. Order your food on the monitors and wait for your food. I got the pork bowl and added noodles, I believe the standard bowl would be with rice. The bowl was full of flavor, there was about 4-5 slices of pork cheeks, which I thought was a decent amount compared to the 2/3 slices most ramen places will give you. There also a poach egg, mushrooms, and other vegetables. The noodles were really good, had a nice texture to them. The bowl may look small but they definitely pack a good amount of ingredients in the bowl. Fiancé got the cod bowl with noodles, which was also full of flavor. The cod was cooked well and they gave a decent amount as well. Prices are similar to other ramen places about $11+ per bowl, but it's definitely worth a splurge here and there. Such a delicious bowl full of flavors.Very nice ambiance with a Japanese zen feel & a cool self ordering system.  The food is good but you have limited options and the bowls are expensive.  There are poke bowl shops nearby that cost $5 less than the bowls at Nom Nom.I've recently developed a liking for ramen and have been ordering it whenever I can on my travels. So far, Aki Nom Nom has been the best ~ and their sushi rolls are pretty darned good too. They have a nice variety of both offerings (ramen and sushi), and though it's a bit pricey I think that's normal for this part of the city. The restaurant is busy and pleasantly noisy. The only thing that I bumped the rating down for is the fact that they're understaffed for the number of customers, so service is friendly but harried and slow-ish.I love this place. Im new to japanese cuisine and this place made me fall in love with it. So far I've had the Roasted miso cod, the Seared ribeye tataki and the Sansho salmon. They are all delicious. I go at least once a week. I would recommend this place to anyone.We really enjoyed our lunch here.  They had great bowls to pick from which included a choice of rice or noodles.  The fixin's in each bowl sounded really good and it was difficult to chose one.
My order took a little longer to prepare than the friend I went with, so they brought over complimentary edamame, which was a nice touch.  
My only complaints (and lack of 5 stars ) was due to the fact they were out of the tofu bowl and the salmon had a lot of bones in it.
Overall, it was an enjoyable meal with great ingredients.Can I please give Nom Nom 10 stars?
Expensive-ish ($15 for my vegetarian bowl) but AMAZING. Yum!Overpriced but the yuzu salmon bowl is so good, I like to treat myself sometimes. Not very consistent tho~ first & second time was bombbbb. After that, it was ok & portion was smaller.My fiancee and I came here thinking about salmon bowl,but after reading few Yelp tips we choose the pork one. Great choice. Tasty and satisfying. Those bowls are a bit pricey but worth every cent.Love this place! 
Pros:
- great environment, very cute and cozy and clean. It's located within the penn ihouse, so the restaurant itself is quite small but theres two outdoor tables and also some within ihouse itself. Cute pillows!!
- very fresh fish and ingredients! Bowls taste great.
- nice ass bowls (i appreciate the ceramics)
- self serve water, utensils, chopsticks, napkins
Cons:
- the price :( the bowls themselves are all over $13 and range till maybe $17-20 (for fancy stuff) and add-ons range from $0.99-2.99. The portion sizes are not huge but just moderate. Drinks are all above $2.
I definitely recommend if you can splurge a bit on a good pokebowl! They're very pretty too :)Just got back to my hotel after placing an order.  Got the sancho salmon poke bowl with extra ribeye tatami and bamboo shoots (extra $4).  Opened bowl and no ribeye or bamboo shoots.  Salmon also does not taste fresh and everything is overpowered by the spicy mayo.  For $20, this place is definitely not worth it and I will be disputing the charge with my credit card company for fraudulent service.I have been coming here for lunch on a regular basis for about a year now and it is by far my favorite lunch spot in UCity. I have tried every bowl on the menu, and every one has been delicious. The portions are large but I finish the bowl every time because I hate to leave a single bite behind.  It can be a bit pricey for a lunch but the quality of the food makes it well worth it. I hope this place sticks around for a long long yom
They closed and I'm devastated.Small location that we could easily miss and it would be your loss. Food it awesome! Had the chicken buns, pork buns and wasabi tuna bowl. What a treat! Definitely our go to place when we are  in Philly!Had my favorite farmers tofu salad bowl today and was not disappointed.  The quality and mix of ingredients are still far better than anything I've had elsewhere.  It's definitely my go-to place in this neighborhood.Most expensive poke bowl I've ever had, and while it was decent, it wasn't worth the premium. I did get several add-on's, but one poke bowl plus soda was $30 (!). Even with the extra fish options, it was no more fish than the normal bowls from Poke Bowl (NoLibs) or other poke spots around town. Don't get me wrong, the flavors were good, and being able to get noodles instead of rice was nice, but the price is at least 30% higher than elsewhere in Philly.Last time I was here, both dishes were extremely over-salted. Tried it again and they were perfect!@BlackStar Film Festival and needed to eat before marathon viewing.  Was unimpressed by other restaurants in this I-House location, and didn't expect much.  Was so impressed by the roasted tofu bowl I tried today, I txted friends immediately.  The mix of ingredients was creative and delicious.  The quality was excellent: super fresh, particularly the Asian greens that were an authentic mix that I rarely ever find anywhere in a casual eaterie).  The avocado piece was big and perfectly ripe.  I'm usually underwhelmed by dishes that claim to have avocado.  It's usually a very small piece.  I intend to return and try all of their bowls, curious to see the mix.  Thrilled to find such a good, affordable restaurant at this location.They have fresh ingredients and the food is delicious.  My favorite is the Roasted Miso Cod bowl so far, mainly because I haven't had a chance to try other bowls (I keep going back to Miso Cod...).  The place is always bustling with people.  One tip... I've noticed that the food takes a bit longer than regular fast food places (say... McDonald's?), probably because the ingredient is fresh and they prepare the bowl as soon as they receive your order.  If you're planning on ordering to-go, try online ordering to save you a wee bit of time.1. Overpriced 
2. Mediocre decor
3. Food is just so so. Not terrible, but nothing will wow you
4. Service is that new style of minimalism where you order on a screen and then can't find anyone to ask for a napkin. 
5.  OverpricedNom Nom No.
Nom Nom is a bit hidden from the street but once inside it's a bit trendy with a unique setup for placing orders.  There are two touch screens up front where you place orders without speaking to anyone, on everything including drinks and dessert.  After placing\paying for your order, you grab any drinks you ordered at the fridge in the corner and wait for your name to be called or your food to be brought out to you.
My entree and appetizer was brought out to me and at first glance seemed great.  At first bite, the appetizer pork char sui was good.  Normally I shun the char sui buns as it's just a bun stuffed with a thick slice of fatty pork.  This version included condiments; lettuce, pickled carrots, onions with a spicy mayo based sauce that was good.  The amount of pork, two thin slices, covered the width of the bun, however was less than I expected to be honest.
The main roasted cod bowl however was not as good as pictured.  Sitting in the restaurant waiting for my entree I could smell the roasted cod being heated up and quite frankly, the fishy smell filled the entire restaurant.  I like fish but this cod was really fishy and the part of the filet that still had the skin still attached to it which didn't help dissipate the fishy aroma.  As far as the texture, the flesh wasn't flaky, instead it had an uncharacteristic rubbery texture as I bit into the filet.  This one component completely turned me off for the rest of my meal.  The remaining components of the bowl included seasoned rice with pickled cucumbers/radish/carrots and mushrooms which were ok but definitely overshadowed and quite frankly left behind when I left.  Finally the bowl was also supposed to include Hosogiri Potato Chips add-on which from the picture, you can see, I don't believe was included.
I really wish I did like Nom Nom Bowl, the concept while not unique, is welcomed, the employees seemed nice, the food came up quick and the restaurant was clean and trendy, but the food on this night really wasn't up to par.   I'd also recommend that the ordering screen describe the ingredients/components a bit more than it currently does given that there doesn't seem to be an opportunity to ask questions of those that work there.Rather good for a quick bite. Quick service. I didn't like the iPad ordering system as you could not adjust your order. I spoke to the cook and he made the proper changes. I'd agree with other reviews, a bit pricy but good quality.Very dedicated chef and one of the best Japanese restaurants in university city if not the best. It's like an Artesian Japanese restaurant which one could only find in japan. Food portion is very reasonable and the quality is supreme. The taste is authentic and they put thoughts into the presentation of the dish. Absolutely lovin
Updated 16 Sept 
You should come and see the one man show like literally WOW. the food quality NEVER disappoint and the bluefin is top quality. It is impossible to get better Japanese in Philadelphia.It's quite pricy for the amount of food. They also ran out of rice when I was there, so many people had to wait over an hour for their food. The building is small, but the seating is very comfortable. But other than that, the food tastes very good and the seating area is clean.I got the wasabi tuna poke bowl over greens and it was amazing. So light and fresh. Staff was very nice.This place has no A/C - at least I did not feel it when I was here on a 90 degree day. The kiosks that were designed to take order did not work - so I ordered with a real person. Why did they have 2 kiosks for such small place was beyond me - may be they have a big take-out crowd when the schools are in sessions.
The rib-bowl was pretty good but it was not cheap. They charged me almost $3 for a small can of coke. If I was to go back (which I won't), I would just ordered take out and eat at the student common areas (going through the back door) and get the drinks at the vending machines. I don't recommend eating-in as they have only have 5 to 6 tables.
Finally, I was forced to paid cash because their credit card machine broke.  Strange... did the owner get the cash or the employees???Nom Nom Bowl is a hidden gem on campus. It is in a totally random place on campus but it is so worth the search. I went to Nom Nom Bowl right when they had their soft opening and have been there a handful of times since. I like their rice bowl with pork on top. The pork is soft and melts in your mouth. Although, I wished they gave you more pork pieces since you only get two. Additionally, I wished they allowed customization within their bowls because it'll come with bamboo and shitake mushrooms which are ingredients I would prefer to forego. Their pork buns are okay. I think the sauce is a bit underwhelming and takes away from the dish. But I recommend their rice bowls and the service is fast. Also, green tea is such a deal since it is only 2 dollars for a pot of green tea and very much sharable!Absolutely fabulous! Came to philly for a concert at annenbergcenter and nom nom hit the spot after the show. Perfect portions excellently prepared.I liked the ordering kiosk. Very efficient. 
I had the yuzu salmon poke bowl half greens and half rice. I love that intense citrusy flavor. The fish was fresh but i tasted more sesame oil than the yuzu. So disappointing to hide good flavors with too much sesame oil. I also ordered hot green tea. "Premium" was the adjective to justify the 2.50 charge. It came in a traditional Japanese iron pot. The water was just hot, not off the boil. And half of the tea leaves were above the water line. Needless to say, even after 10 min, the green tea was thin and watery. What a shame. 
I might actually eat here again, but will NOT order the tea again and i will definitely ask for light sesame oil Because the ingredients were fresh.The salmon poke bowl was really good! The fish tasted fresh and the toppings paired well. There's a good selection of other bowls as well.
The restaurant is really cute and has nice outdoor seating. You can also order online and pickup which is nice. The food is prepared pretty quickly and the staff are very friendly. Great spot for a nice meal!Got the Yuzu Salmon Bowl over the ramen noodles & the Unagi bowl over sushi rice. Both were so so so salty! However, the quality of the ingredients was great, the food was presentable, and the ambiance was nice and clean, which bumped it to a 4.Nom Nom bowl is amazing! They have authentic poké that reminds me of Hawaii and makes my belly feel the aloha.
They have a variety of dishes on their menu and feature a cool POS system that allows you to customize your order without the pressure of a cashier. For the bowl dishes, I've only tried their tuna and salmon but I am impressed by the quality and freshness of the fish (for Philadelphia).
4/5 - seasoning of the rice
4/5 - quality of fish
5/5 - seasoning of fish
5/5 - portion size 
5/5 - bang for buck
I also tried the ribeye buns and was pleasantly surprised. The items on the menu are well thought out! I highly recommend Nom Nom Bowl if you're looking for delicious food! 
Hana hou! I'll be back again :)11/22/2019;
Don't know why, but the food doesn't taste as amazing as the first time I came here. (I got the exact same thing bowl) 
What's nice about the poke bowl here is that there's choice of Half rice and half green. It's kinda healthy! And the salmon and sauce are good as well.
But they forgot to 1. Make my bowl as half half at first (but they changed it for me later)  2. add the poached eggStopped by as I needed to grab a quick lunch. You're not greeted by anyone when you walk in, just two kiosk where you place your order. I got the Goma Tuna Poke Bowl while my gf got the Sansho Salmon Poke Bowl. The bowls were good, just not 16$ a pop kind of good. The fish appears to be pretty fresh, but the avocado appeared to be left out for a while as they were turning brownish.
Filling, overpriced, inconsistent poke bowls is my conclusion about this spot.Coming to Philly for a weekend. Walking around campuses between Drexel and U. Penn, there are many lunch choices. After checking Yelp, we decided to try Nom Nom Bowl which is a new open restaurant in the area. It is located on the first floor of International House Pennsylvania.
The chef is very friendly and helpful. We ordered Goma Tuna Poke and Toasted Miso Cod which were recommended by the chef. I only can say they are delicious, very flavorful. The ingredients were fresh and tasty. High quality and good quantity. I highly recommend this place if you are in the area.Update 7/3/19
Recipes are great but execution is declining.
I come here very often and have noticed a change in quality of bowls. I regret that I took so long to update my review and I do it now because today was alarmingly bad.
Got a sansho bowl with so much undercooked rice I couldn't eat it. They offered to remake the bowl but I didn't want to wait for a new one. 
In the Goma Tuna bowl got what tasted like a huge chunk of salt. Wasn't evenly marinated? The fried garlic topping was also stale.
Also the quality/freshness of shiso leaves is declining.
Always get dried up old shiso leaves now.
I also noticed that the size of fish chunks are not uniform. I've gotten multiple like minced chunks of fish? Small slivers? The fish used to be cut carefully into cube chunks.
Still probably the best poke you can get in PhiladelphiaI have to say that I wasn't completely optimistic about Nom Nom Bowl after ordering and seeing my bill was over $16 for a bowl (the most expensive poke bowl I've had), but I was not disappointed. I ordered the sansho salmon poke bowl, and it was delicious!
The bowl was piled high with big chunks of super fresh salmon on top of rice with an array of spicy and sour toppings and veggies. Not to mention the bowl looked gorgeous! The inside area of Nom Nom is quite cozy, but there are also some cute tables outside as well. I will definitely be back when I'm ready to splurge on a delicious poke bowl.Food was delicious. Had the Yuzu salmon on the spicy mazeman. Noodles were great and the salmon was on point. It's a quaint little shop with limited seating. I would say this place is a littler pricier than I would expect for their demographic. It's located in a college area but the cost of a meal is around $15. I think it's still worth it but it's definitely a meal I wouldn't eat often if I were still a college student. Haha.Over priced, mediocre food with a side of super slow service 
Came for lunch on a Tuesday. There was quite a line to place your order. There's only 2 computer screens. Seated and waited for 30 minutes. I kid you not. They even skipped a whole 10 orders, went from orders in the 20s to 40s. They blamed the computer system for glitching. I only have 45 minutes for my lunch break dude. 
Food:
I got the pork jowl bowl $12. It smelled good bc you can't really go wrong with pork. I was wrong. Firstly, it's all fat, no meat. It was ridiculously salty. The only good thing about the bowl was the perfect egg. Everything else about it was salty and small.
For $12, I expected better food and more food. Save your money and time go to other equivalent places such as honeygrow, pokeman, pita chip, ochatto. They're all within 5 minute walking distance. More food, cheaper, and faster.I have been coming here for lunch on a regular basis for about a year now and it is by far my favorite lunch spot in UCity. I have tried every bowl on the menu, and every one has been delicious. The portions are large but I finish the bowl every time because I hate to leave a single bite behind.  It can be a bit pricey for a lunch but the quality of the food makes it well worth it. I hope this place sticks around for a long long time.I wanted to give 4 stars but after eating here I felt a little nauseous. I don't know why. 
The portion size isn't big but isn't small. I got the salmon thing...I wish I could remember what it was called!! It was raw salmon, then I subbed in spicy noodles instead of rice. It came with various veggies on top as well. 
My other issue here is that it is pretty pricey. I paid about $15 for what I got. I didn't even get a drink or anything else with it. 
Being that I work in this area Ill be around to eat at other places before I come back here again. IF I come back here again....
The staff is super friendly as well. 
Everything is made to order.This place is great - chill vibes, easy to order, and the food is great. Gave some modern Asian vibes with poached egg, bamboos, pork belly. Would come back!I'm vegetarian, and their hand drawn noodles with veggie broth and steamed vegetables are delicious. They also do take out really well and the broth stays warm without any spills even in the cold weather! I'm also glad they have boba tea with non-milk powder so I always get their Matcha Bubble Tea. Prices are also very reasonable.Nom Nom Bowl is a hidden gem in University City! It's easy to miss if you were just walking along the street since it's up and away from the main sidewalk, but so glad I found this place! Great place for a quick sit-down casual meal or to grab a bowl to-go between work! 
I've had both the Salmon Kama Bowl and the Gama Tuna Poke Bowl and was very impressed with both! There is a generous amount of fresh poke and avocado in both. The flavors were fresh and light, but provided for a satisfying and filling meal at the same time! Probably my favorite poke place in the city thus far! Although the portions are generous, you are paying for it since the prices are a tad steep at $15.99 per bowl.