(Let it be known this review is the prelude to a pickup order that's going to be placed immediately after submitting it. )
After a 2.5 month wait, I had the pleasure of having some fantastic food here. I really enjoyed this place and although I need to try it a few more times, it's likely this could supplant DSG as my go-to spot. It's also two blocks closer to mi casa y workplace. We need more food closer to Broad Street that's not of the  Golden Arches and sub-par pizza variety. This is one step closer to achieving this dream. 
Oh yes, the food:
_________________________________
Original Egg Roll: The truth. 
House Pork Buns: Could eat this thrice daily no problem. So good.
Salt & Pepper Shrimp: Tasty. They have eyes. They are watching you. Judging you. 
Shrimp Shumai: The best I've had in the city, maybe ever (no really maybe).
Scallion Pancakes: Very tasty and not super-greasy.
Minced Beef Dumpling Soup: Not bad, only ordered it because 1/3 of our triumvirate that day keeps kosher.
Chinese Broccoli: Always order Chinese Broccoli. Always. They will test your skills with a chopstick a la Mr Miyagi.
Welcome Nom Wah. It's a pleasure to have you.
_________________________________
Eat here now, eat here often.
- ßFirst timer, excellent food, lovely staff and atmosphere.  Can't wait to go again and try more flavorsA good place to get Dim Sum (not the cart kind) when you are craving Chinese food! The sticky rice in lotus leaf and steamed pork buns were delicious. Not my favorite soup dumplings I've had, however. Atmosphere was nice and all the food tasted very fresh.Wonderful dim sum place at the edge of Chinatown. Attentive staff and delicious food. Everything from the scallion pancakes to dumplings of all kinds have not yet disappointed! They also have a liquor license which is nice for a quick drink along with the meal.Good food but unbelievably the chef and manager started screaming at each other in the middle of the restaurant in chinese, only to end the yelling with the chef yelling WTF in English. There were young kids in the restaurant for crying out loud. The manager then goes back into the kitchen and yells some more. Up until that point it was a nice atmosphere and decent dim sum but that was just plain indecent. Like out of a movie or something. Settle your differences in private, not the middle of the restaurant while your patrons are eating.I came here on a Monday around noon with a friend. It was empty and we were hungry. This dim sum is amazing. Pork bun. Sui Mai was outstanding. Pork and chive dumpling. Soup dumpling. Equally as amazing. And this food came out HOT. Flavors are awesome. Price is cheap. Great selection of teas. This is a good place to go on a Monday when you really want to eat but don't wanna break the bank!!! Love love love Nam WahI've frequent Nom Wah in NYC so when in Philly, I needed to stop by this establishment. I went on a rainy Tuesday afternoon and it was a bit quiet. The decor was age old but new aged if that makes any sense. We got the dumpling sample, roast pork bun, spring rolls, shrimp rice rolls and pork sui mai. All were cooked/steamed to order which meant the food was piping hot. They also have a good selection of beers and a full bar. Dimsum and drinks??? I wouldn't decline that invite any time.The dim sums were delicious, favorite was the shrimp shumai and the Shanghainese soup dumplings. The friend noodle was a bit too oily for me but the house special fried rice was delicious. We made a reservation through opentable and put table wasn't ready when we got there so waitress about 20 mins. All in all a good experience. Also saw that it was BYOBUndoubtedly the best traditional dim sum place in Ctown Philly. The dim sum is made to order; you pick from a wide selection of traditional dim sum menu. Everything we ordered was solid/above average (fried noodles in soy sauce, turnip cake in xo sauce,  spare ribs, fried shrimp balls, and shrimp rice rolls).
Price is above average but you get what you pay for. We ended up dropping $50 between 2 adults and a toddler but left mighty full (we prob over ordered). The interior is classy and more importantly, clean. Chinese lanterns hang overhead with comfortable seating and a full bar to boot.
Nom Wah caters to everyone, young and old. Those yearning for traditional dim sum appetizers yet dislike the old way of doing things (there are no old ladies wheeling carts of overcooked food here, and that's a good thing, folks).
Located on the outskirts of Ctown, which is another plus for those wanting to avoid driving through the hustle & bustle of Ctown.I am very impressed with the quality of food and service and very happy we finally got a high quality of dim sum in philly..place is small so not for a group of people.Wonderfully fresh Cantonese-style dim sum dishes (they seem to make dishes as they are ordered). I love the BBQ pork bun and the mushroom bean curd dishes. The selection, however, is smaller than it would be for places with traditional push carts. This is not a Shanghai-based restaurant, so don't expect the soup dumplings to be on par with Dim Sum Garden or Sakura.I love this place. First of all, I grew up in NYC going to Nom Wah in Chinatown. This place is just perfect. Fresh dim sum made to order. Be sure to have a lychee martini. Great for parties. We just had a group of nine and it was perfect.Solid dim sum option without the lines and chaos of Dim Sum Garden. The food is a little greasy but prices and portions can't be beat. What's nice about Nom Wah is you can come on a Saturday night and feel like you're in a trendy-ish restaurant while still getting the great food of China Town. Will definitely be back. 
Pro Tip: They have a full bar but you can still BYO! Just pay $5 corkage feeI didn't think there was good Dim Sum outside of California (excluding Asia), but I was wrong!! Service was great and so was the food! I thoroughly enjoyed everything from shrimp siu mai to scallion pancake to spicy wonton to chicken feet. Chicken feet is not for everyone, but it was good! If you're ever in Philly and craving Dim Sum, I'd recommend Nom Wah.Wow. This place was great.  Small quiet place, nice big dim sum menu. Highly recommended. I will be back!The first two places were so overly crowded, we opted for a third choice.  It was a Thursday at 7pm, and we hiked a bit west and north of most of the other restaurants in Chinatown to get to this one, but it was a good choice.
Server was so gracious and accommodating, but I think she was handling the whole place alone, so service was a tad slow.  Food overall was very good.  Soup dumplings were good, as were other appetizers and entrees.  We got the mei fun, fried noodles, general tso, spring rolls, cabbage and chicken dumplings, and sweet and sour chicken.  Nothing automatically came with rice, but we did order some as a follow-up after our entrees arrived.  Nothing amazing, but solid and a great value.  Also had the "water fairy tea" which my 9 yr old thought was very cool.  They take credit cards, but do prefer cash, if you have it.We picked this dim sum place, because of the 4+ star rating on Yelp. We loved everything! We picked many of there house specialties, that were starred on the menu. Absolutely loved the scallion pancakes, all the dumplings, and roast pork bun. Great place, great staff, and great food. We were happy to find this place, because we Love Dim Sum! We will be back!!I enjoyed the shrimp dumplings, pork shumai, shrimp and chive dumplings, the spring rolls and the Chines greens in oyster sauce. I'm sure I had more but I remembered those most. My visit to Philadelphia lasted nearly a week and I liked Nom Wah's food enough to check it out twice. A couple of the servers seemed to have a limited knowledge of English and that affected timely service, but they were really nice and confirmed with other servers what was needed; they also seemed to have made mistakes on orders (yes, the two times that I was there!).I've eaten Dim Sum all over the East Coast from Florida to NY and this is by far the best we've ever had. The service is great, the ambience is hip, and the food is over the top AMAZING. The Roast Pork Bun is the Freshest I've ever had. I can't wait to come back!The service is mediocre- it takes a while to get a drink or catch a waiters attention-one splattered soy sauce all over me once and he didn't really care - but the food is A+.Not all the dim sum is authentic Chinese dim sum but they are for sure not a bad one in town. They are pretty newly opened so they are doing pretty good now. I'm hopping they keep their quality. 
The food is not bad really although some things are kinda off. Like they only have the one choice of bun. And it's the roasted pork bun. But then with it supposedly being three little ones, it came one big bun. So it was very hard for sharing. Dim sum is all about sharing. 
They have a downstairs which is also weird. Lucky us we didn't have to sit downstair. 
Might return but not sureBest Dim Sum I have had in Philly. Everything is made to order so it is always fresh.Was not the best dim sum experience! Food was not that great and service was slow even though we were the only two diners in the entire restaurant. Would recommend going to a different restaurant for dim sum. Ordered so much food (sticky rice in lotus leaf, sticky rice with Chinese sausage, pork siu mai, house special roast pork bun, Shanghainese soup dumplings, the original "OG" egg roll, pan fried shrimp and chive cakes, steamed Pheonix buns, and steamed red bean buns).Taste like dim sum, not sure what to say nothing wrong, service was fine and I went on a weeknight do it was empty.Let me break it down for you: my family and I love dumplings and everything dim sum. Any time we're even remotely close to Chinatown we make an excuse to eat there. Today was my 2nd trip to Nom Wah, and this time I brought my husband and kids. We ordered way too much and still managed to eat almost all of it. I love checking off the boxes to order what you want, and my kids loved the pictures on the menu. Every single dish was delicious. We got pan fried pork dumplings, shrimp dumplings, beef balls, shrimp in rice noodles, sautéed Chinese greens, beef and bacon, soup dumplings, and spring rolls. So well done, fresh, and tasty. On top of that, our waiter could not have been more pleasant or attentive, and the chef even came out twice to make sure everything was good. Can't wait to return again!Came here yesterday with my girlfriend and was impressed upon entering the place. The decor was nice - sturdy tables amd chairs and nice ambiance, and the staff was welcoming. There were 4 other parties there so I thought the place would be solid. The menu was easy to read and it was super easy to place our order. 
We ordered a bunch of food and it started out alright. The first two dishes looked amazing but had no taste. Then we got a our pork bun which was OK but tasted like frozen buns from hmart or something - it even had the paper wrap on the bottom. Then our shanghai dumplings arrived. These looked normal but they were dry and bland. At this point I was certain they were reheating frozen food from either the grocery or the NYC location. The worst was the Chinese broccoli in oyster sauce. It was TERRIBLE. It's a simple dish but it seemed like they threw the broccoli in lukewarm water for a moment and drizzled oyster sauce. The dish was so salty and hard we could eat only a piece each.
The food was extremely disappointing. I would give it 0 stars for reheating frozen food if yelp allowed me. However the service was good and the staff was kind so it is deserving of 1 star. The restaurant needs to focus on the food and only then would their efforts at the front of the restaurant be worth it.Most of my dim sum years were spent in New York City and Boston. As much as I love Philadelphia's Chinatown, the dim sum never quite rose to my memories in other cities. I'm very happy to report that with the arrival of Nom Wah, I finally have a satisfying go-to in Philadelphia.
If you're looking for soup dumplings, you can't beat Dim Sum Garden. If you're looking for new and unique twists on traditional Dim Sum, go south to Bing Bing. If you're looking for your favorite traditional dishes done perfectly with some of the freshest tasting ingredients and most careful preparation, this should be your next stop.Definitely not my cup of tea (I know, I'm so witty).
I do love the shrimp rice noodle roll, the scallion pancakes, and the broccoli. All are a must.
I tried the soup dumplings among others. I did not like the broth inside of the dumplings. Go down to dim sum garden and get the best in the city (in my opinion). The other dumplings were decent, nothing spectacular. I tried the chicken feet and was extremely underwhelmed. I guess they're supposed to be like all fat? But I didn't like the flavor of the sauce. I also didn't enjoy picking tiny bones out of mouth. Doesn't really seem safe to me. 
Service is attentive and quick, as it is in all of china town. Definitely give it a try if you're a dim sum lover. This place might just be your cup of tea!Nom Wah is a decent dim sum restaurant. I found a lot of their dumpling wrappers are very thick. The taro cake was dry. I am used to my mom's homemade ones which are moist. The Chinese broccoli could have used more garlic sauce. However the usual siu mai and har gow were good.  If you are looking for a unique drink, try the lycee martini. It had liqueur infused with lycee, triple sec and sake. Good balance of flavors. I would go back during the "off time" hours of dim sum. Otherwise, I'll stick to Ocean Harbor for breakfast/brunch.Very authentic Cantonese dim sum. It would have been better if the xialong baos are hotter and more soupy. Overall this is my most favorite dim sum place in town.Good was delicious and the service was excellent!  Definitely try the tea, and the pork roll.  The servers were very kind and considerate of a gluten allergy.  Absolutely recommend!Loved that it was a combination tea house and dim sum place.  We went on a Saturday night and it was full but not crazy busy - meaning no long waits like some of the other dim sum places.  It doesn't have the full on dim sum service with the carts, but the food was excellent! The soup dumplings, scallion pancakes, and rose tea were my favorites!  If I lived in Philly, this would be a regular stop.I live in NYC and have been to the Nom Wah in NYC Chinatown several times, so I convinced my parents to try this place rather than one of their Philly Chinatown go-to spots. The dim sum here was great! I also liked that I could make a reservation (on OpenTable), which is rare for dim sum restaurants. 
I agree with other reviewers that I have had better xiaolongbao elsewhere, but everything else was very well done. Because you order from a menu rather than pick your dishes from a cart, everything comes to the table freshly made and piping hot. We appreciated that they didn't skimp on fillings and that they didn't bring out all of our dishes at once. 
The only reason I can't give this place 5 stars is because the service leaves something to be desired. They should probably hire another waiter or two for peak hours. But if you're not in a rush and don't mind flagging down the waiter when you need him, it's not a huge deal.The pan fried dumplings are incredible!  That, and the Original Egg Roll, was enough to fill me up.  The staff was very nice as well, and the service was fast. Highly recommended.Loved the Dim Sum! Like the fact that it serves by the menu instead of cart, as they are fresh steamed/ cooked and served immediately. Possibly the best Dim Sum my family and I had in the States. Wished we had more time, would have gone back a second time before we left Philadelphia. Highly recommended!Four of us came here on a Monday night - a really slow evening on a hot summer day.  However, we are huge dim sum fans and we were ready to appreciate.  Nom Wah did not disappoint!  All our favorites were available and delicious.
Our server was helpful and made suggestions.  He knew about each dish or was very open to asking about ingredients.  I am gluten-free so I was asking some questions.
Eric, (the owner?) came out to chat with us and spoke with us about their place in Chinatown in NYC and the hopes of this (very) new place on the north side of Vine.
We will be back soon and are hopeful for the success of this fun place!This is as delicious, tasting as the original in NYC's Chinatown. I absolutely feel that Nom  Wah is the best of the best a la carte dim sum.
I went on a Sunday at noon and to my surprise there was NOT a line stretching out... It it was a pleasant suprise... It made me think the folks in Philly have not gotten around to taste this treasure trove of dim sum food. 
I recommend all the classic dim sum dishes including: hai cao, sui mai, fried shrimp-crab claw, chicken feet, pork buns, etc. 
 This location is a little smaller than its counterpart but the ambience is a more modern contemporary looking than the one in NYC. 
VIVA NOM WAH! Come to WASHINGTON DC!My first taste of dim sum was at Nom Wah Tea Parlor - on Doyers Street in NYC - in the early '70's.  Rocked my world.  Happy to say that the earth is shaking again now that NW has arrived here in Philly.  The first taste reminded me of how wonderful dim sum can be - an experience I had forgotten over decades of dining on other local offerings.  Nom Wah is to dim sum what High Street is to bread.  Nuf said.I like Dim Sum and saw some reviews of Nom Wah Tea Parlor and decided to give it a try. Nom Wah is a little off the beaten path and just outside of China Town on 13th Street. It is not highly visible when driving by as there is some construction going on outside.
The inside is contemporary and current. It doesn't look like a Chinese restaurant. There is a bar, brick walls and some really cool light fixtures. It is comfortable. The bathrooms have a cool Dim Sum wallpaper.
We ordered a bunch of different Dim Sum as we had 5 people in our party. We were the only ones there when we arrived which was a big contrast from Dim Sum Garden, which is always packed. Ordering is the traditional Dim Sum method, with a paper menu and the customer checks off the item items they would like. All of the Dim Sum dishes were very good. We really liked the Siu Bau buns. The buns were fresh and the BBQ pork filling was excellent. The soup dumplings were OK,but not near as good as Dim Sum Garden. We ordered a seafood pan-fried noodle dish off the specials menu. This was very tasty with large prawns and scallops. It was little pricey at $22.00. 
We had a couple of Tiger Beers but we didn't try the teas, Nom Wah has an extensive selection of teas as they are a tea parlor. My only complaint was the place was a little unclean. The front windows needed to be washed and the bathroom although not dirty could use a little love. It just would have made the overall experience better but still it was good, and worth a return trip.
3.75 yelp stars and it seems much easier to get a table then Dim Sum Garden, at least for now.
p.s. Went back and tried the teas. They were excellent!My friends and I came in for a visit after being curious of this restaurant and craving some dim sum. Unfortunately, the food was average and not memorable. However, the service was really nice! We didn't try any of the tea, but this place might not be the best place for you if you're really craving dimsum.Endless possibilities when it comes to Dim Sum and it is awesome you can find places that serve them ALL DAY LONG. 
Came here for dinner on a Thursday night. The place is not too big but big enough to accommodate several tables.
The staff was very friendly and always checked on us to make sure everything was okay. 
You get a sheet to order your items and the menu has pictures of every single dish which is awesome (how many times do we do the "I don't know the name but I know what it looks like!") 
We got the soup dumplings, the pork siu mai, the shrimp dumplings, the egg rolls, the sticky rice in lotus leaves and the noodles with superior sauce. 
The dumplings were all delicious. The soup dumplings were shaped differently than the standard xiao long bao but I still thought they were yummy. The sticky rice always has a special place in my heart and it did not disappoint.
Can I also say that boy oh boy those noodles were just perfect. You cannot stop eating them once you start I have now warned you!
The only dish that I didn't like as much were the egg rolls. But that is because I am quite picky with my egg rolls and I don't like when they have veggies in them.. not their fault. My friend on the other hand really loved them.
I have been recommending this place to my friends and I cannot wait to return.
Also big bummer: I forgot to check out the dim sum wall in the bathroom.... I will next time for sure hahaGreat dim sum, highly recommended. Very crowded on Sunday afternoon. Fortunately I made reservation online.I'm a fan just like the original in NYC and I'm so excited we finally have one in Philly! This place is more modern, cleaner and easier to find. I came here on a Friday evening with two friends with a bottle of wine since it is a BYOB establishment. Immediately, I felt the servers in the Philadelphia location are more personable, friendly and welcoming. I did not feel rushed, the store manager even came up to our table to ask about our experience, I could not complain about the service we received.
My only gripe about this restaurant is the $7.50 corkage fee, per bottle! We had two bottles but we only opened one. I mean seriously $7.50 per bottle is outrageous! We ordered fountain soda as well so it's not like you were losing money on drinks. I don't get that, it's a bit much.
For the food, well, you can't go wrong there. Absolutely delicious but if I was to be nitpicky, there were subtle difference between dishes from NYC compared to the Philly. The portion was slightly less with the sticky rice sausage. The pork steam buns were to die for, a must get item! The house dumplings was kind of dry and the wrapper was slightly hard. Everything else was good and I can't wait to return but let's do something about that corkage fee!Tried here on Thanksgiving day. Dim sum dishes range from B to A+.   My favorites are sticky rice wrapped with lotus leaf, and shrimp and chive dumplings, and taro dumplings.
Given that the food is good enough for me, what I really like best about Nom Wah is how the restaurant has a decor to give you a bistro-like feel unlike a stereotypical neighborhood Chinese restaurant.   It has a bar with a TV, which was showing an NBA game replay.  If I walk in blind, I might think that I have walked into a neighborhood wine bar or something.
Will definitely visit again next time in Philadelphia, and will try scallion pan cakes, soup dumplings, shrimp siu mai and other items I missed.
This is a part of my 2016 Thanksgiving weekend in Philadelphia.Found this place while looking for a dim sum restaurant on a day out with the kids. Literally everything we ordered was amazing! Not just good, but the best we ever had! Steamed pork bun and shrimp rice rolls (my personal obsession!) stood out the most. We're coming back next week so my husband can experience Nom Wah as well!Lots of tasty small platters to share. I was there with 3 friends and we ordered 10 items. This was plenty of food and great variety. The fried dumplings are a favorite!Outstanding dim sum menu! Wait staff is professional and courteous. The food freshness and quality is off the chain!!Quick, tasty and inexpensive - can't be beat!  Just step from the Hampton Inn ... where we were staying,  but totally worth a walk to get there!Great food, great service! We were very surprised how great and busy this place was on a Saturday night. It's a bit off the beat and path, but worth the trip.I ve never had Dim Sum before but this restaurant was terrific. The people working there were so helpful and kind. They were very welcoming. The wine and beer selections are great. The food was amazing. It was fun and delicious. We had such variety and the waiters would tell us what each item was as we had no idea. The eggplant was good. We had some several all veggies dishes, some shrimp dishes, and a very tasty noodle dish. They were served hot with sauces as applicable. There was usually 4 items per an order. I can't wait to return!!This place is great when you're craving dim sum! They have all the traditional dim sum dishes. They don't utilize carts so the food comes out to order and much hotter than sitting on a cart. My favorite dishes: fried crab claw, bean curd skin roll, and shrimp/beef rice noodle roll. My one criticism is that these price points are much higher than traditional dim sum places but it's worth it if you want your food extra fresh and hot.I was  verbally satisfied with the huge variety of plates. Food was good but some of rice roll tasted a little raw.  It sure if it was supposed to be that way but still yummy. What stood out the most was the roast pork bun. Would definitely returnDecent dim sum presented in a more modern, relaxed atmosphere. Orders arrived quickly during a late Saturday lunch. Fried chive buns and "OG" egg rolls had delicate, crispy textures and flavorful vegetable fillings. The sticky rice had good aroma and richness from the lap chong. The har gow, however, suffered from slightly under seasoned shrimp and inelegantly thick skins (I also prefer a larger size, but smaller isn't necessarily bad). Prices are a bit higher than the usual Chinatown dim sum. Overall, I look forward to returning to try more dishes and can comfortably recommend Nom Wah, even to non-Chinese speakers new to dim sum.After a recommendation from a friend who's taste buds I trust completely, my boyfriend and I came to see what the hype was about last Saturday. I know Sunday is more a "dimsum" kind of day, so maybe that explained why it was surprisingly empty inside. 
The restaurant is small and a little further away from all the busier china town spots, but it is definitely cleaner and less "Asian" inside, which I appreciated. 
The dim sum isn't on carts, but you fill out paper sheets, kind of like at sushi places. I liked that the menu had pictures of every item. 
We had the Chinese greens, which was basically Bok choy. I loved it! We also had the pork bun, pork shumai, soup dumplings, and scallion pancakes. Everything was so good! You can taste the freshness as opposed to when you're picking off a cart, not knowing how long ago something was made. 
I would come back, but there's something I still like better about the traditional dimsum. Maybe the instant gratification?Excellent in every respect. Delicious dim sum. Attentive but unobtrusive service. Casual and clean atmosphere. And all very reasonably priced. No disrespect to the rest of c-town. There are a couple great places to experience the crashing cart cacophony of what the heck am I eating and why is it only $1 dim sum places. This is a oh they spirited off my tea pot to go put more water in it so I could enjoy more delicate tea places. Somehow this is still a bit of a secret spot so enjoy that while it lasts.The dim sum was good. We ordered the giant pork bun which was the best dish. We also ordered a shrimp dumpling soup that was very bland. Everything outside of that was good including the shumai and sticky rice.- TIP:  BYOB but they also have a full bar.  Best of both worlds!
- CON: Service is fine -- but just fine.
- BOTTOM LINE: Fresh dim sum & pictures of everything on the menu. It's foolproof! Their soup dumplings aren't quite as good as Toms or Dim Sum Garden... but most other dim sum is actually better.  And the ambiance definitely beats those places too.I would definitely choose this as my go to dim sum place from now on. I had been wanting to go to the same restaurant in NYC for so long and was super excited Philly now has one. It has everything you'd typically order for dim sum and it's all very tasty with good sizes. My only complaint is that it's not a true dim sum style because there aren't carts. But, I actually like this now because my food will be less likely to have a food health hazard.(Let it be known this review is the prelude to a pickup order that's going to be placed immediately after submitting it. )
After a 2.5 month wait, I had the pleasure of having some fantastic food here. I really enjoyed this place and although I need to try it a few more times, it's likely this could supplant DSG as my go-to spot. It's also two blocks closer to mi casa y workplace. We need more food closer to Broad Street that's not of the  Golden Arches and sub-par pizza variety. This is one step closer to achieving this dream. 
Oh yes, the food:
_________________________________
Original Egg Roll: The truth. 
House Pork Buns: Could eat this thrice daily no problem. So good.
Salt & Pepper Shrimp: Tasty. They have eyes. They are watching you. Judging you. 
Shrimp Shumai: The best I've had in the city, maybe ever (no really maybe).
Scallion Pancakes: Very tasty and not super-greasy.
Minced Beef Dumpling Soup: Not bad, only ordered it because 1/3 of our triumvirate that day keeps kosher.
Chinese Broccoli: Always order Chinese Broccoli. Always. They will test your chopstick skills a la Mr Miyagi. 
Welcome Nom Wah. It's a pleasure to have you.
_________________________________
Eat here now, eat here often.
- ßTop notch! You can always find cheaper, but you will not find better quality, service, & welcoming hospitality. Yes, the martinis are "just right". Portions are large, so order accordingly. You will not be disappointed. This got bookmarked into my "return list" & will definitely come back. Also, if of interest, the building is historic.Great Dim Sum! Way better than Joy Tsin Lau. Everything is as very tasty and fresh. The pork buns alone should be reason to go check this place out. Very friendly service as well. Would highly recommend this place.Clean - Cool - and so delicious !
Just like NYC this dim sum joint pleases !
Soup dumplings are a great value and Uber yummy !
Best scallion pancakes I have ever had !
The other dishes were all masterfully executed and you can actually taste the love !
New regular haunt when I go to Philly !Nice dimsum place. Their sesame balls are amazing i keep coming back for them. Prices are really reasonable, around 25 dollars for 2 people. Ambience is fine. They are closed on Tuesdays.I'm very disappointed with this place.  The place is overpriced for three pieces of dumplings.   They're charging $4.60  The steamed dumplings are small and comes in three.   There are other restaurants I've visited and are much better.
I wouldn't go back there.  My sister and I visited there on a Sunday and wasn't crowded at all.I wasn't impressed. The food was bland. I expected more. We ordered the beef balls, Shanghai soup dumplings and tofu vegetable wrap and none were impressive. The tofu wrap was very oily, which surprised me. That said, the chicken dumplings on special that night were good and I would definitely have those again. The dumpling side sauce was also delicious.I loved the food here and the service. Everyone is really polite. Their food is pretty authentic Cantonese style dim sum but not as good as "Hk standards" but still good for phillyAfter seeing the ratings I wasn't optimistic. I've also been to the NY restaurant. But I was very pleasantly surprised! It's probably the best dim sum I've had in the east coast in years! Granted the selection could be expanded but each dim sum was cooked so well I didn't mind!!! Fantastic!!!Attention Philly: there is finally a really good dim sum place in the house! I have been cured of my dim sum PTSD induced by Philly's other dim sum spots. No more having to drive to NYC or flying back to California to get real dim sum. This is where you go to get the best dim sum in Philly. I didn't grow up eating soup dumplings which is the only offering that Philly has satisfied me with but the true staples are so sub-par at other spots. 
6 star dishes (soo good, MUST try, made me round my review up from 4 stars):
*shrimp rice noodle rolls: SO much better than the other dim sum places in philly, wow! super plump, tastey and fresh sweet tasty shrimp and tender non-brittle not overly thick/sticky 
*salt and pepper fried shrimp (shell is on but eat everything as is..it is so good)
*chicken feet: very fresh, very well-seasoned, cut perfectly, and topped with fresh jalapenos. this is how it should taste philadelphians.. not stale and congealed like  ocean harbor's or that one across from that *shivers* 
*pork and veggies wrapped in bean curd skin: hard to mess this up but wow this was really really good! can't wait to come back to try my favorite fried versions here as well
4 star dishes:
*pan fried noodles: awesome flavor! mixed crunchy and soft texture isn't for everyone but i really loved it and get it every time i come now. HUGE portion!
shrimp siu mai: very very good but i've been spoiled by some mind-blowing tastier siu mai from back home
sticky rice with chinese sausage: good filler to satisfy the carb craving but not a must-get
har gow/shrimp dumplings: rice casing was a bit thick but tasty chunky shrimp)
AVOID:
soup dumplings/XLB: sticky rice casing is too thick, balance of soup flavor was off, and tasted like it sitting around a little while. this has never been a must have at a dim sum restaurant for me growing up and i usually save this dish for exclusive pro-XLB places. this was borderline inedible to me.. just AVOID and order it at DSG/sakura/joe's/DTF instead.
Yes prices are a bit steeper than your average dim sum overall but for the area, this is worth it! I really wish they had beef tripe on the menu. In general, variety is really lacking when it comes to dim sum in the area so I will take what I can get. Everyone might have a different take on what a good dim sum meal is to them but good chicken feet, shrimp rice noodle roll, siu mai, tripe and har gow are my essentials which this place really nails most of. 
Also, the ordering system is well streamlined with a nice non-cart menu order system (don't worry they have decent pics unlike other non-cart dim sum places where I struggle to remember all my fave dim sum names, so I am very thankful!). Their tea selection/quality is amazing and service is fairly decent for being new.Delicious food and super polite staff- a real treat next to the convention center. PLUS- they have a full bar with good prices. Selection of aged tea was interesting and I like the experience. Private room downstairs that seats about 30.Love this place.  Quiet, great service, and the most excellent pea shoots and shrimp dumplings ever.  Great and delicious scallion pancakes, and bean curd skins.  Absolutely a great place to enjoy a weekend brunch!This place is pretty average.  Perhaps I had high expectations because this was an establishment from NYC.  However, the dim sum is not very exciting in terms of flavor.  You can order all of your traditional dim sum items, but they didn't taste freshly made and was definitely not the best I have had in Philadelphia.  Many of their dumpling items (hargow, taro dumpling, etc.) had very little filling inside and very thick skins.  The roast pork bun is very large but not very tasty.  Go to Ocean City.  Their dim sum is still the best in Philadelphia.Love this place. Prices are reasonable and I highly recommend the pork bun. Order about 6 dishes for two people. I come to this place every month.It's ok for an dim sum place. I rather go to the traditional dim sum places in Chinatown; overpriced and service is non-existence when busy.This is still one of the better places to eat dim sum (excluding soup dumplings) in Philly but the quality really fluctuates sadly. We came back recently and the food wasn't as good this time as the first few visits. We weren't given an option for the tea order this time as the lady just brought their standard brew I suppose.
After being really disappointed by the XLB/soup dumplings last time.. I foolishly wanted to try something new and ordered the dumplings IN soup as I was craving something liquidy w/veggies bc we didn't want to splurge on the veggie dishes. It was very very passable and tasted like something I could have dethawed it from Costco. The chicken feet was a really weird light color and didn't have the awesome punch it did the first few times. I still like the fried shrimp which you can eat with the shell on. The interesting partially crunchy pan fried noodles are the go-to carb order for us but I really wish they had srichacha for it as that was an amazing win as leftovers at home. Siu mai, shrimp noodle roll, fried shrimp, and shrimp tofu skin roll or the fried tofu skin roll are still my faves here. And yes, continue to avoid the soup dumplings here (AVOID like the plaque!). I hope they do something to spruce the place up quality and appeal-wise as it is definitely further out of the way on the outskirts of Chinatown.Delicious dumplings at a reasonable price. The quality is consistent. The steamed buns and the scallion pancakes are a mustGreat & cheap dim sum. Awesome place to go with a group and split a ton of small plates. The OG Egg Roll and the fried noodles were delicious.So happy to find this place right next to the hotel I was in. I admit it doesn't look like much but service was fast and food was delicious. Will definitely be back the next time I'm nearby.Some of the best Dim Sum I've had Philadelphia. Everything is only served fresh and hot! The tea is also pretty good. The staff is super friendly. I would recommend to anyone.A transplant from NYC Chinatown so I had high hopes for Nom Wah. However I was not that impressed by the food here.
First of all, the shrimp dim sum here is very salty, which I presume is to balance the milder sauces. But I think the shrimp is too heavily salted... I like the quality of the shrimp used in the dim sum - succulent and fresh... But definitely too salty! The wrapper of the shrimp in rice wrapper (虾长) is the redeeming factor.
Highlights of my dim sum dishes include: tofu skin wrappers (鲜竹卷), snow pea shrimp dumplings (雪菜饺子), and eggplant. The tofu skin wrappers (鲜竹卷) are a classic go-to of my family, and these were done quite well. The skin had a lovely texture and the sauce was mild but flavorful. The snow pea dumplings had really fresh and generous snow pea veggies as well.
Dishes I was disappointed in: taro and pork dumpling... (I bit into a piece of bone in this one and the pork flavor was weird...)
Another dish I was disappointed in was the sticky rice in bamboo wrapper (糯米鸡). Usually this is my favorite dim sum dish, and I think Nom Wah's chef has his heart in the right place. The meat stuffings were quality and tasted fresh and the rice is delicious... But the rice was also UNDERCOOKED, and my friend found a piece of plastic in her meat... It's unfortunate because I really wanted to like this dish. I just think more attention needs to be paid in the process of making this.
Overall, a mixed batch of authentic dim sum flavors. I loved the quiet ambiance here and the teas. Did not appreciate needing to pay for the tea though...This place was ok for dim sum. Scallion dumplings was fantastic here though. I wished they had the traditional sauces on the table. Also the soy sauce for some of the dishes that should be sweet and salty was too bland. At other places they would offer us more sauce, but they didn't here. If you're looking for the traditional dim sum atmosphere... this is not the place. It's more modern and a good place to grab a couple of dishes. It is on the pricier side for this kind of food, but they do offer a little bit more per plate compare to other places.