Best pasta and bread I had ever had. I live in NJ but would make the trip back here just for this restaurant. amazing food!Wow, absolutely delicious meal! Had the meatball appetizer which was incredible ( I know a quality meatball since I make my own ).  Had the arugula and prosciutto pizza... the best pizza I've had since trip to Italy! I'll be back soon Nomad Pizza!Went there for happy hour and the food was disappointing. 
I got a margherita pizza which was bland and overcooked (burnt on the edges and bottom).
Service was fine, but I wouldn't want to go back to Nomad if I was trying to eat food.I have eaten here twice and both times I was really pleased with my meal.  The inside decor features a lot of wood. They have a nice selection of house cocktails as well as some seasonal craft beers. The pizzas are about 12-14 inches. Basically large enough to potentially be a personal pie. For pizza, I've had the Margherita, Arugula con Prosciutto Spicy Sausage and Spicy Soppressata. The Margherita, while seemingly basic was really out of this world. For the Prosciutto, I wish they would have cooked the Prosciutto. It was served cold on top of the pizza with the arugula.  The spicy sausage may have been my favorite overall. The Soppressata features honey which does in the end make it a little too sweet for a savory pie for my taste. I have been meaning to go for happy hour to catch a discount on the pizza. Would still recommend it!Recommend this place to many friends already. Thin crust truffle oil pizza is my all time favorite.Criminally under-rated. The buffalo margherita, trenton tomato, and the specials are some of the best pizza you will ever eat.First visit to Nomad on a Friday night.  The space has large south facing windows across the facade of the building, dark wood floors, a small but well appointed bar, and is helmed at the back of the room by an imposing, gorgeous copper walled pizza oven.
The hostess was kind of...befuddled maybe? I noticed she didn't properly greet many guests coming in and didn't wish them well on the way out.  First impressions are everything and a little more grace would go a long way, even if you are overwhelmed.
We opted for the bar when it became available.  The negronis were sufficiently good although the food asked for wine or beer and next visit I will oblige.
For appetizers we ordered the zucchini fritti and the arancini.
The zucchini were egregiously under seasoned, albeit sweet and fresh.  They needed a sauce to dip the sticks of zucchini.  This was the biggest disappointment of the night.
The arancini were pretty good.  They were close to room temp inside, my only gripe, but the flavor was great and most places in the city mess this up. Nice crunchy outside, creamy rice, not sticky or chewy- the sauce they came with was delicious and I'm glad it did because it helped the zucchini.
The buffala margarita pizza (pay for the upgrade) is some of the best I've had in the city- a balance of perfectly thin, slightly charred crust, sweet and savory sauce, and the milky, chewy buffala mozzarella was pretty perfect.
The soppressata pizza was interesting.  Spicy and sweet, I enjoyed this but the addition of honey was not needed in my opinion and kind of strange.  Let's be honest though I'm going to eat the leftovers when I'm done writing this.  I'll try a different one next time.
4 stars for nearly perfect pizza, bravo!My boyfriend and I came here after we couldn't get a table at Vedge, and I'm glad we did. The margherita was one of the best pizzas I've ever had, and the servers were nice. I'd definitely go back. Also, the potato croquettes were amazing.Freaking amazing pizza.  I can eat the whole soppressata pie with honey by myself.  I had a special once that had corn and spicy peppers on it and it was also a favorite!  Wish it was on the menu all the time!My first experience with Nomad Pizza was at the Riverwinds Wine Festival in West Deptford. I am extremely critical when it comes to pizza, because I have had pizza from some of the best pizzerias in Italy. It's difficult to find that quality replicated here in America. 
At the pizza truck I got a typical Margarita pizza and a pepperoni. They were both excellent in every category. I was talking to one of the workers who told me about their other locations, specifically about Nomad Roman. Nomad Roman provides a typical Roman style, super thin crust pizza. They use the freshest ingredients and it is evident.  At the pizzeria I ordered the spicy soppressata which was topped with Italian tomatoes, fresh mozzarella, basil, oregano, organic garlic, red pepper flakes, organic parmesan, honey and sea salt. it was cooked to perfection! The person I was dining with ordered the truffle pecorino.  This pizza was topped with imported mozzarella di bufula, Terry Grove Farm toma cheese, shiitake mushrooms, organic garlic, Double Brook Farm fresh egg, sea salt, black pepper, Boschetto al Tartufo Bianchetto and black truffle oil. This pizza was probably one of the best I have ever had!
Their location is also directly in front of the 13th and Locus subway station so it is super easy to get their from New Jersey. This pizzeria is what every pizzeria should aim for.I had the pizza and bleu cheese salad. The salad was amazing. It is a must. The pizza was pretty good, I had the spicy sausage. The staff is extremely friendly and it is a cool place to sit and eat.Their pizza is amazing. It's a thin crust that has the perfect amount of doughy-ness and the sauce is great. My favorite is the arugula. The buffalo cheese is a must. 
There's a lot of good pizza in the area and I think this is by far the best. I've had the pizza to go a few times and it was ready very quickly.Had a nice leisurely lunch - bartender/waiter was the perfect level of attentive and into my stress free, taking my time lunch. I took his pizza and wine recommendations, glad I did. The tempura veggies were perfectly seasoned and a good mix.Oh man this pizza was good. I was actually pretty full when I got to Nomad, but I couldn't help but devour all of the pizzas we ordered. We were a big group, and the waitstaff was nice, but not super attentive. The pizza was salty (not too salty!) so I needed a lot of water and they didn't really refill as quickly as I would've liked. The most important thing, though, is that the pizza was damn good.
The best was the desert. We were celebrating a birthday and they brought out these pizzas with Nutella and banana slices. My mouth is literally watering now thinking about it. This place is definitely a winner.As always the food at Nomad is awesome... on a blistering cold day.like today...I decided I needed pizza and wine..so I made it to Nomad for their happy hour!!! I ordered the Trenton Tomato pie and it was spicy and awesome. ..during happy hour a 10 inch is only $5...I then ordered the Chardonnay, which tasted pleasant...and was $ 5 also...the decor was modern and lit nicely...I could not give it a five star due to the service being a tad bit off...This is the same restaurant as the original nomad on south street, but this location focus on roman style only.
We have been here twice and got the margherita pizza!Nomad has helped me quell my pizza craving many a night. I like the general vibe of the place, and they usually have a decent beer selection. Pizza-wise, I'm fond of the spicy soppressata (has a lil kick to it for sure) and the N'duja (but I always add cheese to it because there is none if you order it as-is). The blue cheese salad is the perfect light compliment to your pizza binge. Just a note though, the crust is verrrry thin, with lots of charred bits, and sometimes does err into soggy territory what with sauce/toppings weighing it down. Still really tasty though.I really liked it here. They were having some serious issues with the pizza oven while we were there (lunchtime) so we had to wait a really long time. We didn't mind, and this can happen. The interior is great - casual and clean lines. The service was good. The waitstaff is definitely still getting it together and dealing with the growing pain, but overall they were nice. The food was great. Good pizzas. I'll definitely be back.What a great find among all the options in the area. I was in Philly for a night and was itching for some pizza; found Nomad on Yelp and walked over. I was pleasantly surprised by the late-night happy hour which included smaller size pizzas and beer/wine. I was extremely hungry so I tried two different pizzas and had a couple glasses of wine. Before you start thinking who eats TWO pizza by THEMSELVES remember that this is a review of the restaurant and not my life...I joke I joke
But seriously the food was great, the staff were super helpful and outgoing, and the restaurant was very clean. 
If I'm ever in Philly again, I will certainly check it out. But for you locals, I highly recommend Nomad
Keep up the good work!This place had been on my to-try list for a while. The location and decor is great, as was the service. We went on a Tuesday night which had a great special: buy one get one free for their regular sized pizza. We tried the Trenton Tomato Pie and the Spicy Sorprressata. Good, not great. The crust was so thin it felt like a cracker. On the plus side, it was so thin it barely counts as eating carbs, right?I've been to Nomad Roman twice now for happy hour, and have been to the original Nomad location for dinner three times. I will definitely go back to Nomad on S. 7th St., but I'm not convinced about Nomad Roman. 
During my first visit to Nomad Roman, we sat at the bar during happy hour. The place was completely empty and our bartender/server was friendly. We ordered the $5 Margherita Pizza, the $5 Spicy Sausage Pizza, and each had two glasses of the wine on special. The pizzas were great, the wine was average, and our server continued to be friendly but a little zoned-out. The entire restaurant was almost uncomfortably warm - I assume because of the pizza ovens - but it was really noticeable. As the restaurant became more crowded, our service started to dwindle. 
Our second trip to Nomad Roman was also during happy hour. It was slightly busier, but we were one of four tables when we walked in around 5:30. Again, the restaurant was uncomfortably warm. We took advantage of the Drink Philly special, but it took forever to receive the appetizer and the beer lists were not updated. Four of the draft beers listed had been kicked, and were not replaced - we also weren't told that the kegs were empty until after we had ordered our drinks and waited 10 minutes for our waitress to return with the news.  We ordered our (spicy sausage and margherita) pizzas and different beers, waited 10 minutes for the beers to come, another 15 minutes for the appetizers, and then continued to wait, and wait, and wait for our pizzas. In the meantime, all the tables around us filled up. A waitress, who was clearly unhappy, delivered the exact pizzas we ordered to at least four tables who were seated long after us. Furthermore, our server never came back to check on us, to refill our water jugs, or to ask if we wanted another drink. We couldn't flag her down because she didn't even come back to the area. It was really frustrating, but at least the pizza was delicious. Finally, at 6:50, after Happy Hour had ended, she cheerfully came back and asked us if we would like another drink or if we needed anything. 
While the pizza was good, the poor service will deter me from making Nomad Roman a go-to happy hour spot. The deal here is definitely the $5/$7 pizza rather than the drink deals, and if you want to have more than one beer, order them both the first time your waitress asks, or else you will have missed your opportunity.  I'll definitely frequent Nomad Pizza Co. instead.When you just want a great pizza with a great craft beer, this is the place to head to.  We split the roasted ceaser salad which was truly delightful before having to choose among several unique pizza offerings.  Our choice, the arugula pizza, did not disappoint! The on-draft craft beer options were few but covered the range of tastes one might have. Price was also excellent.Pizza was good, but it was a little pricey for what you get.  We got the spicy sausage pizza and the arancini as a takeout order.  The food was ready when I got to the restaurant, and it was hot when I got it home.  The arancini was a little bland to me.  I doused it in red sauce, and I still felt like something was missing.  Maybe that's how it is supposed to be, but I wouldn't order it again.  I would probably go back and try more of the pizza, though.  The crust is thin, and the ingredients are fresh.Good food and warm service! We ordered pizza truffle pecorino (combination of soft cheese mix of goat + cow)  and black truffle oil, it is so delicioso! The melted cheese and oil truffle so soft in your mouth :) for dessert we ordered nutella pizza (combination of nutella, sliced banana and toasted hazelnut) and it is also great for dessert, they are generous w/ nutella :) Very recommended for hangout, for family with kids not recommended (little bit noisy).Took the fam on an impromptu dinner in between shows at the Kimmel and it was right tasty. Ndujo sausage pizza plus Trenton upside down tomato pie both goodLove the food, and the service. The only part that sucked is after we ordered desert, on a Friday night at 10:18pm, 3/4 of the restaurant full, we were told we cannot order desert. And every table will not get desert because the kitchen is closed. Great food, but I hope you don't want desert!Nice, more natural pizza places (translation cheese not in a sheet). If you are looking for a nicer, sit down pizza place, this is a great optionDefinitely needed to update my review from a few years ago. Nomad is one of our staples for good pizza and has been consistently good and not out of menu items. 
Our favorites are the spicy soppressata and spicy sausage pizzas. Get the spicy soppressata and you will not regret it. The honey-spice combo is just sooo good. Recently, we got the caprese salad off the specials and this was bomb thanks to the creamy burrata cheese. The nutella pizza for dessert is delicious if you need something sweet at the end of the meal.
I still am partial to the 7th and South location but you really can't go wrong with either!One of the best pizza related happy hours in the city! The pizzas during happy hour (4:30-6:30pm) are $5-7 for a personal 10'' pie and its $4 and $5 for select draft beer and wine, respectively. What's more, the happy hour on Friday and Saturday is from 10:00pm till midnight! 
I have tried the Margherita pizza, the spicy sausage and the spicy sopprassata. The spicy sopprassata is my favorite thus far. The honey and sea salt ultimately give it is glorious savory and sweet subtle kick but all in all, this pizza just tastes so fresh and flavorful. 
If you're vegan, they offer various vegan pizza options as well! Certainly an inviting menu with several starters including various salads and marinated, grilled vegetable options such as cauliflower or zucchini. 
It's an open and spacious restaurant and can accommodate large groups of people as well.  
Everyone working there is friendly and our food has always been served on time! 
If you like pizza and enjoy a glass of wine (or two) or a refreshing beer with it, this is the place to try -- and then you'll find yourself constantly wanting to come back.We really enjoyed Nomad Roman. The décor is Restoration Hardware-esque. Brick and wood like an old tavern. The hostess knew we were in a hurry and she got us seated right away even though we did not have reservations. Our pizza came out quickly. We had the Spicy Sausage and Truffle Pecorino. They were both outstanding. I really liked the egg on the Truffle pecorino. This is a very rich pizza with the truffle oil. The service was top notch and the prices very reasonable. We will be back.Sad, really sad! Pizza great, but having one server on the floor and one person behind the bar on a Friday during penn grad is just piss poor management. Took 10 minutes to even get noticed, much longer to get an order in, and much much longer to get a water. These are basics of dinning!The pizza was VERY DELICIOUS and the service was prompt. Atmosphere is great (exposed brick omg). My server, sweet Judy,  lived up to his name. would recommend to a friend. 
(also, complimentary dark chocolates!)Was excited to try this place out., until my group and I had the worst service, and probably the worst waitress I've ever experienced. Our waitress basically took our drink and food order and never returned. Pizzas were actually good, if a little overpriced. Good luck trying to get your check without a scavenger hunt, and don't dare question the automatic 20% gratuity for a party of six. Safe to say I'll never return here just because of the horrendous service.The atmosphere and servers were great. The pizza was OK. I'm not a big fan of the super thin crust or the charred bottoms, but the tips eye tasty. Would have enjoyed them more if they had a meat topping other than pork. The process were decent for a restaurant downtown and the portion size was definitely worth it.Had the marg pizza. It was good but nothing extraordinary. I'd eat here again but try something else.Excellent thin crust pizza. Dined on a Thursday night with a friend and the environment was relaxed and quiet enough for us to catch up.
We started with a fall salad that our waitress recommeded. I was skeptical because I'm not a huge fan of beets but have been trying to give them a second go - was glad I did because the salad was tasty and a nice light starter course.
We shared the spicy soppressata pizza and I was quite pleased. Soppressata is my favorite italian meat and I've never had it on a pizza before. The tomato sauce and honey added a nice sweet balance but did not overpower the spicy deliciousness. The crust was thin and crisp towards the edges; I like the crust slightly more crisp than it was but that is really my only (minor) complaint.Welcoming service, delicious margherita pizza, and great wine and beer!  We stumbled upon this place and decided to check out the happy hour - well worth it!After a long day of moving, Mom and I wanted something that would be quick, easy and easy on the budget without sacrificing quality and taste. I walk by Nomad every day and figured this would be the perfect spot. I've always heard good things and now since I have moved near this restaurant, we figured we would give it a try.
Let me start off by saying that the staff was more than accommodating and nice- we walked in with horrible clothes on and we asked the host if they would serve us looking like a mess. He said no problem and made us feel very welcome! Our waitress was even better. She understood how exhausted we were and fired our apps and pizza at the perfect time. Everything came out in the order it was supposed to, and it was quick- we were EXHAUSTED.
The food was exactly what we wanted. The zucchini fries were perfectly cooked and the grilled Caesar salad was refreshing yet savory. We chose the Soppressata pizza- perfect thin crust, it reminded me of the pizza I grew accustomed to eating in Rome. The entire meal was perfect from the pizza down to the Campari cocktail; as I was eating, I forgot about how exhausted I was and felt like I was transported back to Italy. 
I want to come back here a million times- the pizza is some of the best in the city. It is authentic and not too expensive.Pizza here was really good. The only thing that would make it better would be BYO! I would definitely go back, Pretty sure I ate the whole pizza... woops!So glad we picked this place to grab a bite to eat!! The pizza was super thin crust which is right up my alley. I was intrigued to try to margarita bc it just looked so delicious, and it most certainly was. The pizzas are 14" each but very thin so I was able to finish one pie on my own. (Keep in mind I have a large appetite). We also tried to Trenton tomato pie which was also amazing. The service was amazing and the food didn't take long to come out. Also the environment is so cozy and inviting I would love to go back some day. What a treat to eat here, highly recommend!!!Nomad Roman is a great little spot to grab some traditional roman style pizza and have a few good beers. I've been here a few times now, and each time is excellent. Tonight I had the fried zucchini and the Margherita di Bufala pizza, and sipped on some DuClaw "Bare Ass" blonde ale. All were perfecto.
The zucchini had a very nice spicy kick to it, and the pizza had EXACTLY the right amount of fennel seed. Fennel is all too often massively overdone. A little goes a long, long way, and the chefs here seem to know it. The beer is always good, and the service is prompt and nice.
If there's one negative, it's the music. The style of food and the atmosphere lend themselves to Frank Sinatra, Rat Pack, classical, etc. Yet they play, of all things, club music and neo-R&B? Why, Nomad Roman, why? You could have had five stars! You could have had it all!Having tried a lot of pizza places in town we decided to give Nomad Roman a try. The restaurant itself is very roomy and comfy (more so than say Zavino or Barbuzzo) and very quiet (unlike Pizzeria Vetri). Atmospherically, it is very relaxing.
We (well my son) started with the Pepperonata, which was essentially roasted peppers, a fried egg, supposedly some capers (which I could not see but in all fairness my vision stinks these days) and a few slices of toast. My son thought it was decent, us not so much so. it looked like roasted peppers from a can, an egg, and some toast.
For pizzas, we had the margherita di bufala and the spicy soppresata. For comparison sake, here's the scoop: both pizzas had extremely thin and somewhat crisp crust. It was not as crisp as say a saltine cracker, like what you'd get at Slice! but it was not soggy like Pizzeria Stella. The crust was a bit charred around the edges but not at all charred (and could have used some) in the interior. The sauce for the margherita was decent, but a bit runny and acidic. No San Marzano tomatoes here. The mozzarella itself was very tasty and the highlight of the pie. Two small sprigs of basil (that's one more sprig than you get at that crappy Serafina place but about ten sprigs too little if you ask me) were in the center of the margerita pie. The soppressata was decent, a bit spicy but not too much so but also a bit greasy. Both pies were decent but as mentioned by another reviewer, the pizza (and other stuff for that matter) a few blocks up the road is much better at Zavino and Barbuzzo. 
Unlike other reviews, we found the service to be excellent (thanks Amberleigh!). She was very prompt and did a good job checking up on us. And we got a few tasty homemade chocolates from the New Jersey Nomad location with the check.
So all in all, Noman Roman is decent, but with all of the other fabulous pizza places that have popped up in the past few years, especially very close by, I'd trek a few blocks up the street. Nomad is not bad but not the Roman God of Pizzas in this town.Best pizza in Center City, thin and crispy dough. But Vetri opened close by.. and they are a big competitor!I am knocked out by this place. 
The best pizza ever. 
Place and service is wonderful. 
Can't wait to get back for more. 
Happy hour is really happy for pizza lovers.
The paper thin crust,incredible tomato sauce,lightly flavored/textured mozzarella cheese all create a bit pricey but worth every penny experience.  
Get there for happy hour and they are giving this mind boggling pizza away. 
Savor every mouthful. 
EYes yes yes. This is hands down, the best happy hour in the City of Brotherly Love (and by Brotherly Love, I mean Brotherly Love of ALL things pizza) Super cozy and I especially love the open windows in the spring and summer! Get the spicy soppresata and a glass of red wine. Staff is always super helpful and friendly. Do yourself a favor and run there, immediately. You will not be disappointed!I first found this place when I arrived in January. The spicy sopressatta pizza is fantastic. I've been going back a few times a month since and I've never been disappointed. The front of house are all very friendly.Good happy hour deals! Particularly on the pizza! The prices vary, but it's a great time to try them all. A perfect snack for the end of the week. The restaurant itself has a great atmosphere. It's cozy, and ideal for smaller groups (5-6 ppl), or to just hang out at the bar. I would love to come back.Came here last year July  (i think it just opened around then). We got two pizzas, tasted great and the staff was very informed and able to answer our questions. Will be back!Needed to have a late dinner after flying into PHL from LAX on a Friday night. We wanted authentic pizza and were happy to see that Nomad's stayed open until midnight. 
The location is in a very busy area for nightlife...lots of clubs, gay bars and late-night restaurants. Great thin-crust, Roman-style pizza. If you like spicy pizza, order the N'Duja!! It's a fantastic blend of spicy sausage, tomatoes, mozzarella and arugula. There are many other pizzas to order If you aren't into spice.Loved it.
I came for dinner with a group of 6 friends right after work.  The service was remarkable and everything we ate was great.  We split 3 pizzas and had 2 apps and 2 salads.   My favs were the spicy soppressata and the truffle pecorino pizzas.  Our waiter was wonderful and we all left happy.
Plenty of families dining when we arrived... lots of strollers.  So I would say a good place for kiddos.Got takeout just before 12pm on a Saturday. It was completely empty. The decor is hip, it's a lot bigger inside that I imagined, and there's a little counter in the back by the oven where you can watch them make the pizza. 
The "Trenton Tomato Pie" was a huge disappointment. The crust was soft and had a weird consistency, like they accidentally used the vegan pizza or something, and there were hardly any tomatoes. It was a white pie with very little of what resembled Hunt's crushed tomatoes from the supermarket on top. I don't know about you, but every other tomato pie I've ever had had a layer of tomatoes or sauce on top.
And I felt sick for the rest of the day.
No wonder the pizza is only $5 during happy hour, that's all it's worth. I guess it's my own fault for not coming during happy hour, since that seems to be why everyone likes it so much.
I really need to stop thinking good pizza exists in center city.My wife and I visited Philadelphia from NYC for a convention and are delighted to have found this gem.  Friendly, efficient service and reasonable prices.  The blue cheese salad with walnuts and seasonal fruits was delicious, and the margherita di bufala pizza with pepperoni was crisp and fresh.  Capuccino and cannoli made for a perfect conclusion.  Will definitely visit again when back in Philly.Best pizza in town! Highly recommend to everyone. Authentic Italian thin crust pizzas that are so delicious you will want to keep eating even after you are full. My personal favorite is the truffle pecorino pizza, it is simply to die for. Great service, reasonably priced and nice ambience.Went here on Friday night.  Was packed but our experience wasn't great.
Apps were cold when they came out.  Had the truffle pizza and the other pizza was something like spicy margherita maybe?  Both the crust and the bottom of the pies were burnt black in some areas.  One of the pies wasn't even cut and we had to send it back.  
Service was super slow & inattentive,  Our waitress was in a bad mood and we had to keep flagging her down.  We had to al out throw our credit cards at her since she wouldn't come back to the table without waving our hands.  
Drinks were ok.  Prices were reasonable but I probably wouldn't go back there.  Good idea for a restaurant, but they need to improve their food and service.My wife and I stopped here for lunch on Sunday. We checked a couple places and landed on this gem. The pizza was phenomenal. My wife got the margherita di bufala and I got the spicy soppressata. Both were excellent. We got the lunch portion size so definitely need one for each person but I think it's better this was cause you can try different ones and share. Waiter was very nice. Service was quick even though there was a decent crowd for lunch time. I would definitely recommend it. Keep in mind that it is a very thin crust so if that's not your thing then go elsewhere but as far as flavor - amazing.This was a great stop for a snack post-ballet performance. I didn't get a chance to eat dinner before the show and felt bad about our arrival time, but they were very kind and accommodating. Props to our server for his very friendly and energetic service (unfortunately, I forgot his name). 
The interior is very nice - a romantic atmosphere when not too crowded. The pizza was tasty. We had the Truffle Pecorino pizza, which had a thin crust, topped with shiitake mushrooms, several kinds of cheese, an egg, and black truffle oil. We also had the Roasted Root salad, which featured some nicely wood fire-roasted vegetables. The meal was great with a nice glass of white wine. 
I personally like the pizza at their South St location better, but I prefer the ambiance at this location. I heard they have awesome happy hour deals that I'm hoping to try soon.I sat at the bar (very small) last night with one couple and another solo diner. The cook came out an offered complimentary potato pancakes to the couple. I found it odd that he wouldn't offer it to others, but let it go since the couple seemed like regulars. 
This is what I found completely utterly disgusting. The bartender made his signature drink and offered it to the 3 individuals, and singled me out without a word. Meanwhile, I had a largest tab (yes, I was monitoring how much others were spending..and in some case, weren't), and sat right next to the other three. It was awkward, embarrassing, and UNACCEPTABLE. 
I will not go back to this place, and it does not matter that the food is decent.Wow. If you aren't impressed with the cool decor and fast service, then the pizza will blow u away.
So its Roman style, which means thin crust extreme.
We did 2 pizzas for 2 people, and it was a lot.  Each is a culinary explosion of flavors and textures. 
The truffle pizza, wow, and it has, wait for it...eggs on it
Great draft selection, and not too shabby on the wine selection either.Get the Sopressata (thin slices of high-grade, spicy meat) personal pizza during happy hour (they will hate me for posting this). It's one of the best HH deals in town IMHO.
Be careful parking bikes near here, had mine stolen within half an hour in broad daylight. They don't play around here.Ate here for my birthday over the summer and the pizza was incredible. I really wish i ordered the pizza with the honey and spicy pepperoni because it was incredible! My parents let me try i piece but i wanted to eat their whole pizza!This is everything I wanted and more! My girlfriend and I went right before happy hour ended. The place was empty but it was also the middle of the week. The prices are amazing for happy hour. Our bartender/waiter was also amazing. She was attentive and super friendly. I felt welcomed here and excited to eat pizza! Our pizza came out in about five minutes and our happy hour drinks were super cheap and delicious. The pizza was delicious, not the best I have ever had, but for 6 dollars during happy hour it killed it. Also, the decor was beautiful. Focused on wine, beer, and food, what could be wrong? When we were ready for our second drink the bartender was kind enough to charge us happy hour prices even though we were a couple minutes past happy hour. It was an amazing experience and this is one of those places I would go back to in a heartbeat.I came here with some friends for happy hour on a weds night. Happy hour is 430-630 on weekdays and they also have some late night times as well. They have some $6 vegetarian pies and $8 meat pies with $4 beers and $5 wines. These pies are all personal sized, and thin crust which makes it easier for one person to finish! I tried the trenton tomato and spicy sopresseta. The sopresseta was more sweet than spicy bc of the honey they put on it. The trenton pie has cheese with the tomato and basil on top of it rather than below. 
Another nice thing is that happy hour is in the entire restaurant, not just the bar!Best pizza in the city? It just might be!
I only moved to Philly recently, but I think I may have found my go-to pizza place.
Let's start with the appetizers:
Fried Brussel Sprouts - These were exactly as advertised - fresh, delicious,  with a little spicy kick. If you like brussel sprouts, you'll LOVE these!
Blue Cheese salad - This was excellent. It would probably taste even better on a summer day, and could be a lunch on it's own. The combination of candied pecans, blue cheese and pears is a nice, refreshing way to start your meal.
Now, on to the real reason we came to Nomad - the pizza.
We got the Margherita and Trenton Tomato Pie pizzas. Wow. This was some of the best pizza I've ever tasted, no doubt about it. All of the pizzas here are extra thin and have just the right amount of ingredients - perfect for making you feel satisfied, but not uncomfortably stuffed (a hard thing to do with pizza). The ingredients on both were extremely fresh, especially the tomato sauce. Bravo! Note about the Trenton - i was under the impression that it would be more like a pizza sandwich, with the crust on top. But when they "upside down pizza" they mean a cheese base, with the sauce on top. Delicious, but not what I was hoping for when i ordered it.
If you're looking for fresh pizza that won't break the bank, this is the place.
Plus - check out the beautiful pizza oven in the back!Simply perfect.  Nomads perfectly thin crust paired with their delicious sauce  makes for the ultimate pizza.  Best happy hour in the city...$5 pies and $4 wine.  Cant beat that!!!!  Trenton tomato pie is my favorite!we've been going to nomad roman literally since opening night. the pizza is amazing, the staff is friendly and always remembers us, and chuck is an asset to their kitchen. from their bufala mozzarella margherita with honey drizzle, to the happy hour prices, to the fried brussel sprouts and seasonal appetizers, this place deserves its popularity and then some. we'll continue to frequent as much as possible and support them.Pizza is fantastic. My favorite Philly thus far.
Service is horrid because there is a lack of service. After an awkward seating at a 4 top for 2 people. We sat there for 10-15 minutes until I asked for a waiter. We were given water...but the 4 glasses remained even though we are 2 people (sorry this is my own pet peeve).
There was rarely ever a moment where I didn't have to anxiously and impatiently wave a waiter or waitress down for something. The wait staff would run back and forth putting pizzas down and etc, but for some reason, my table and all the three tables around me had to hail someone down any time we needed something.
Arugula con prosciutto is delicious! Melt in your mouth prosciutto and fresh arugula. I love the tho crisp crust on their pizzas.
Truffle percorino was amazing. Perfect amount of truffle oil and the egg really pulled it all together. My new fav.
Will definitely return for take out pizza.I came here my first night in Philly, and got some vegan pizza. My waitress was so awesome and recommended a pizza for me, and even though it was 11:15pm she said it was happy hour and my pizza would only be $5 instead of $11, and that a beer would be $4. So I obviously took her recommendations, which were great for my wallet, but also a great craft beer, and the pizza was so delicious. A good tomato sauce is just so good. It had the right amount of sweetness and tartness, lots of garlic and pepper flakes, some anise from the basil and also a bunch of fresh arugula on top. The crust had a perfect chewiness and crispness. It was one of the best pizzas I've had in a very long time. So simple but so balanced. The waitress came by with the check and 2 discs of dark chocolate, and assured me it was vegan. What a great way to spend my first night in Philly!happy hour is great, 4/5$ beer/wine, and 6/7$ pizza specials, happy hour is from 430-630 pm in the entire bar and restaurant.
Pizzas are really good, worth the rpice.
I ordered the arugula salad and the blue cheese salad and both were mediocre. too much lettuce and not much cheese or toppings on the arugula salad; not worth the price for the salad. stick to the pizza!This place is one of my highlights on my recent Philadelphia trip.  I found this gem because of Yelp and it was only a few minutes from my Hotel on Broad St.  Conveniently located on Locust St, its unassuming from the outside so much we walked right past it and had to turn around.
Inside it was cozy and inviting.  Perfect for a family and friends dinner or a romantic dinner.  Lighting was dim and the atmosphere was relaxing and comfortable.
Food: Truffle Pecorino Pizza is a Must Try! Absolutely Delicious! something that I haven't had anywhere else.  Bufala, fontina, garlic, shitake mushrooms, parmesan, farm egg topped with boschetto al tartufo bianchetto and black truffle oil, $19 and worth it! The cheeses, flavors and truffle oil just mesh with one another in perfect harmony! The crust was perfect, not too much dough and not too thin that it was crunchy.  It was perfectly baked and a little chewy and a little crispy on the bottom.  Just thinking about this pizza makes me want to make another trek out there from Hawaii~!
Drinks: Local Beers and Ciders on Tap and also some unique cocktails. We had a cranberry cider and the Fire at the Hacienda, good drinks but the Fire at the Hacienda is a little spicy, smokey and sweet flavors pretty intense drink.  Cranberry Cider on draft was good.  
Dessert: Seasonal Fruit Cobbler $8, we ordered this and it was baked with fresh apples and blueberries with a scoop of vanilla ice cream.  Absolutely delicious! So much we were thinking of getting a 2nd one because we devoured it in no time! It was the perfect dessert to end the evening.  Great service and location, If I make it back to Philly I'll be back!!Pretty excited about their happy-hour special. $5 pizzas at the bar? I'll take 3! (just kidding, but maybe not). Was in for happy hour with a friend and we opted for the margarita pizza and it was pretty tasty. No complaints whatsoever. I would love to go back and try their other pizzas as well.After a long day of traveling this was just what I needed to end the day. My boyfriend and I walked here from our hotel and couldn't have been more pleased with our choice. The food was amazing and came out super quick. The drinks were great and the atmosphere in the restaurant was calming and intimate! Great spotI was excited to try out another oven baked pizza place in the neighborhood...
I have been to the location off of South and was really displeased with the unprofessional staff and total lack of service. While the Locust location had a friendlier staff, the pizza we ordered was kinda soggy and undercooked. Also, the wine pours were smallllll. Really stretching those bottles out! Did not show much value in our experience. 
Sorry Nomad, maybe third time is a charm?The pizza and atmosphere are great. Our server was inattentive and then defensive and rude when we explained our dissatisfaction. I'm bummed not to be able to go back here, because the pizza is really good and they've reinvented some spaces that really needed some attention.I went here with a friend last week and had a pretty good meal.
Pros:
-Great tasting & affordable wine
-Trenton Pie was delicious, one of the top 5 pies I've ever had. I will be back for this!
-Serving sizes were good - a little large, but I was really hungry so it worked for me!
-Super convenient to PATCO
Cons:
-Server was really rushing us; it seemed like he was trying to get us to put our initial order in ASAP. I believe he came back 4x to ask us for our order, including once when my friend was in the bathroom, to ask us for our order. 
-The table next to us received their apps & pizza at the same time; luckily, our app & pizza was nicely paced. They were not happy....
-Arancini appetizer was just OK and was burned a little on the outside. I like it crispy, but it was a little too crisp. I wouldn't order it again.
-My friend's Margherita pizza was good, but was really 'floppy' and hard to eat..it was hard to even lit off of the plate.
I really like this spot and their sister store off of South Street and will for sure be coming back soon! I'm already craving the Trenton pie...Wandered in here after getting sidetracked by a phone call while en route to a different pizza place I thought would be better. Never ended up going to the other place because this one was so great. Nice set up, the dining space didnt seem too crowded and the bar was comfortable. Employees were just as friendly and conversational is invited to be, and they seemed to be enjoying being there. Ended up coming back a couple days later to round out my week in Philadelphia. Pizza, cocktails, and beer menu were all really great and the affogato was a great dessert. Would definitely go back if I go thru Philly again.I was in a grouchy mood when I first arrived at Nomad, so I was super critical in the beginning. I was upset at how long it look the bartender to hand us some menus, but she was also busy pouring like 10 beers... just hand me a menu, it takes like 2 seconds, ya know? 
After I got some El Hefe Speaks (a great hefeweizen), I started to relax. We started with the arancini--which was pretty great. Breaded and fried ricotta cheese with peas inside for a little veggie explosion. A tad bit more garlic and I would think they were perfect. 
For pizza, we had the truffle pecorino. This may be my favorite pizza in Philly! The dough was superb, the mushrooms were obviously fresh, and the egg and truffle oil added a ton of flavor. I can't believe I waited so long to try Nomad. I'll be back, for sure.I have been a loyal fan of the Hopewell, NJ Nomad Pizza location for years, and recently discovered the Roman Pizza location in my new neighborhood in Center City. I am becoming a regular at this location now, but my waistline is saying "slow your roll, man." If you can ignore your inner conscience, the pizza will be some of the best you have ever had. The soprasetta is my favorite, but they always have a great special pizza on the menu. Go on Tuesday for the 2 for 1 special.Love this place. Pizza is outstanding - fresh, thin crust with great ingredients. Service was prompt and friendly. Caught happy hour pricing: great value! This is a good spot for an early dinner with the kids as well as a late night stop in with friends. We will be back.The waitstaff is bad, poorly trained, and mismanaged. You go here for the pizza, and only the pizza. If I were to return, it would be for an early dinner, or lunch. In other words, anytime it's not crowded so perhaps the staff can redeem themselves. 
When I do return, it will be for the soppressata pizza. This is the kind of pizza one dreams about. Was really excited about this place. However, $35 for a few slices of pizza, a couple glasses of wine, with a side of bad service is just disappointing.The truffle pie was easily the best pizza I've ever tasted--great blend of fresh ingredients. Excellent service with a relaxed atmosphere.