The first time was brunch and it was a sampling of dishes including their charcuterie and smoked fish, the service was attentive, and overall a place I would try a second time without hesitation. However, the second time was for dinner and we didn't finish any one of the three dishes we ordered. Aside from our server, who was again wonderful, the kitchen was definitely NOT on its A-game. The presentation of the plates bordering on sloppy was not what I had experienced the first time and every dish salted to an extreme. Because the difference was so vast, I am guessing that the latter was atypical and perhaps in future, I will go back to see.I've never had an overwhelming desire to try Scandinavian food but I just couldn't ignore all the hype about Noord!
To start we got the Bitterballen which were amazing.  They were more croquette-like than meatball-like...not what I was expecting (in a really good way!). They were crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside.  Next were the Holland Sliders.  I have to say, I was not a fan of these.  I think herring may be an acquired taste (one which I don't think I'll be acquiring any time soon).
For my entree I went with the trout and my friend went with the salmon.  Both were delicious but I preferred the salmon.  I loved that both entrees were swimming in a super tasty broth (each broth being different to complement their respective fish). We topped off our meal with a shared slice of almond butter cake.  Holy shit, be sure to save room for this if you dine here!
The chef himself came out to tell us about the specials and pour our beers.  Service was attentive but relaxed & friendly.I'm really disappointed in my recent dining experience here because I went in with high expectations. I would say I'm very easy on wait staff, but the service here was indifferent and seemed annoyed to have to do their jobs. Our waitress came to our table and barely said anything or looked at us. We waited almost an hour before our food came out and she never checked on us. It wasn't worth the wait. The food was bland and overcooked. The best parts of the restaurant are the view you get of the square and that it's a byob. So I would definitely skip Noord and go to one of the many great restaurants in the neighborhood.I have parties 4 times a year, a "themed" dinner party.  For summer this year I decided to have a "midsummer" party and serve Scandinavian food.  After pouring through my boyfriend's large collection of Scandinavian cook books I came to realize that in general the food sucked.  There are limited ingredients and really, how much salmon and lingonberry can one eat?  So, we headed to Noord to get some inspiration.  I wasn't too optimistic and was not looking forward to wasting a meal in the city on Scandinavian food.  To say I was pleasantly surprised would be an understatement.  We went for Sunday brunch, I had the best omelette of my life, mushroom and smoked gouda.  I would love to know how they made it so fluffy.  Crispy fried potatoes with a sour cream/mustard sauce.  My boyfriend had the open face plate, with three different smoked items atop toast.  I don't remember all three, but I poached a piece of smoked scallop off his plate and was then upset I didn't get one myself.  Atmosphere was nice, BYOB which saves on the bill, which in itself was quite reasonable.  We are definitely going back for dinner soon.Food here is top notch! This was my first time trying Scandinavian food; I ordered Hete Kip Uitsmijter and it was delicious. Eating an open faced sandwich was new to me too, it wasn't too spicy for me. The place was small and busy on a Saturday brunch, finding close street parking was probably the most difficult part.A lovely room.  Attentive service. A weird menu that feels more like lunch than dinner.  The portions were generous.  The presentation attractive.  But everything was over spiced and oily.  Really marginal food.  Not recommended.  Plus, you might think the restaurant is Scandic.  Not so.  It's Dutch and Indonesian inspired.  No reason to return.This was the perfect place to celebrate a special occasion. The ambiance is lovely, candlelit, warm, and friendly. The food is exquisite. Our entrees were delicious, but that's not all. They were also nutritious and well balanced meals. 
There was also a really cute photo exhibition in the restrooms.Great service. Everyone was really welcoming and checked in often. 
Food was creative. Lots of pickling. Favorites were the smoked salmon appetizer and the rabbit.
Restaurant is small but has large open windows so it's not too loud and you get a good view of the street.Small spot with high quality seafood. Granted I made a visit during restaurant weeks. The flavor a of each dish were undeniably fresh and blended so well. The chef here really does a great job plus it's byob! Very nice menu.I ate at Noord within weeks of opening, but just recently started "yelping". This place was too fun, the staff looked like such a fun group of people I wanted to be one of them! The food was delicious, the bread was amazing, as well as the lamb burger. Yum I could rave all day, Can't wait to go back but might wait till next spring so it gets warmer again! Unless I can make it there before its too cold. We'll see, good job Noord!!!!!!!!I really like the different flavors that are used in this cuisine. I'm bored with standard brunch places. Noord had tangy, pickled and other highlights mixed in to their menu. I always pick something new here! Don't be afraid to experiment!There are not enough praises I could give to this little place.  The food was delicious.  The service was friendly and accommodating.  And, did I mention, the food was delicious? Oh yeah, I did, but its worth mentioning twice.
Ever since moving to Philadelphia, my girlfriend and I have loved the byob scene.  We have been to most of the restaurants that people rave about, and have found our solid favorites.  This place is definitely added to the list.
For starters, we had the soft shell crab special salad and the pork belly with egg dish.  The pork belly melted in your mouth, and was a perfect play on a breakfast sandwich.  The soft shell crab salad was complimented delightfully with pickled watermelon.  Now, I didn't even know you could pickle watermelon, however, it made the salad was delicious.  
For entries, I ordered this seafood dish - for the life of me, I cannot remember the name.  The dish was complimented with a spicy sausage and TONS of seafood.  My girlfriend had the rabbit dish.  The rabbit was lovely and tender.  However, she felt it was more of a fall dish.  Although, that thought did not prevent her from thoroughly enjoying it.
For dessert, we got butter cake.  Now, I have never had butter cake.  And, honestly, we were not planning on ordering dessert.  But, how could we resist when the couple next to us was raving about cake.  The cake lived up to the ravings.  Order it, period.
Overall, I am very excited to go back...It is on the list of places to take the girlfriend's parents to (hopefully) impress them.Excellent food!
Gravlax appetizer was the best salmon I ever had.  Carrots and Bitterballen were delicious.
Ordered the open faced pork belly sandwich.... damn, that was good!
Atmosphere is simple and clean, and the service was great!
Would definitely go backI was a little skeptical when I looked at the menu for Noord online, but it is an absolute gem. The food was delicious and the service was perfect - not intrusive but we were not ignored. The restaurant is cozy but they don't jam the tables in so that you can't move around. We will be back!I've been here a number of times already, and review is long overdue. Don't let the Dutch name or the fact that every dish sounds like a bad set of scrabble letters deter you. Noord's food is fantastic, and even the most xenophobic palette will find something to enjoy. 
It's BYOB, and open kitchen which I really enjoy. The executive chef, Giancarl, is not only a genius but an outgoing and vivacious guy as well. I recall a time where we had reservations for a small group, but there was a party of folks lingering after dinner. The chef noticed most of the people in my group growing frustrated. What did he do? He brought out wine glasses and served us wine. What did he do next? He brought out appetizers. After that? He apologized, gave a legitimate reason for the slow seating, made small talk, and then began preparing an amazing meal.
This is that kind of small restaurant that is so amazing, if you were to bring friends or out-of-towners there, they will swear you are some sort of culinary soothsayer. 
Pro tip: send a drink or two over to the kitchen staff and they may reciprocate by sharing with you what desserts they prepared that day.This is a favorite during the fall and winter months. We took a hiatus during the summer but returned this week to the excellence in food, service and ambiance that we recalled. We brought two bottles of Cape May red to carry us through. We split the tomato salad and scallop app. Excellent. The rabbit, amazing! The Scottish salmon was first rate. Louis took great care of us as always. Put this in the rotation.Intriguing food, different yet still appetizing.  
I'll admit: Scandinavian food does not exactly beckon me.  However I can only hear  "You need to try Noord, it's fantastic" so many times before I do.  I ventured there with a group on New Year's Eve.  Right as we entered we were welcomed by Joncarl (chef/owner), even though the place was at hectic holiday pace (re: New Year's Eve), he still takes the time to treat every customer like a great friend. The space itself is cozy/comfortable with its many windows looking onto Passyunk Square. Additionally the open kitchen allows diners to witness the behind-the-scenes while allowing Joncarl to engage and entertain his patrons. 
The food, though on an abbreviated NYE menu, still offered diverse selections.  The house charred rye bread with butter and garlic was meatier and a breath of fresh air compared to other table bread offerings. The house smoked salmon was - dare I say it - the best smoked salmon I have ever tasted with a subutle smokiness and freshness. The highlights were the main courses:
Lamb Shoulder - fall-of-the-bone tenderness, with a perfect accompaniment of tomato broth
Pork Loin "Choucroute"- multiple cuts, all precisely made, on marvelous but not overpowering dutch style sauerkraut (i'm Polish, I know good kraut!)
Sauteed Icelandic Hake - crisp white fish, in wine sauce that was a great balance of flavor and along with a barely cake that was perfectly crisped 
The dessert was chocolate tree bark along with these little, spectacular friend donuts.  We had to order a second round of them - chewy inside, friend outside, and a dark chocolate sauce that closed the deal. Not sure what they are called but I can't stop thinking about them. 
This place is now one my favs!  Can't wait to go back for their standard menu!Fantastic restaurant. I thoroughly enjoyed this dining experience. Our waiter made our night as well! All the food was excellent. You must order the Smorrebrod (the house smoked fish board), as an appetizer. Don't forget, it's BYO there so being some good wine for dinner and enjoy!Noord eetcafe had a very successful and packed opening night, last night.  We tried a bunch of appetizers and several entrees.
Apps:
Broodjes Haring...mini herring sandwiches, cucumber, pickled onion, on a dinner roll, $9 (Danish street food, looked like a Martin's bun)
Grilled Head-on Prawns...North Sea style citrus butter, chives, dill, $12 (loved the sauce, need to sop it up with the complementary soft baguette, which incidentally was served with soft garlic butter)
Cod cakes, one of two specials (very delicate inside the crispy exterior; incidentally, the other special was a whole black sea bass, deboned)
Seared Diver Scallop...mustard soup, caviar, tarragon oil, rye croutons, $12 (an unusual dish, I'm not sure it really came together for me)
Chopped Chicken and Duck Liver...atjar tjampoer, warm baguette, $11 (loved this, particularly with the pickled cauliflower for contrast)
Pork Belly Uitsmijter...duck egg, melted edam, brioche toast, greens, pickle, sesame-truffle vinaigrette, $12 (my kind of breakfast-for-dinner!)
Entrees:
Seared Norwegian Salmon "Lohikeitto"...chowder, leeks, baby potatoes, coriander, herbs, $24 (as at the popup, a killer dish, this time with a large portion of seared salmon on top)
Rotisserie Lancaster Co.  1/2 Chicken...herb stuffed, schmaltz-ey root vegetables, green salad, $18 (a monster chicken, must have be 4 lbs whole, so I could only finish half, great herby flavor, but curiously the roots were quite crunchy, which I assume was an error and the only one of the evening)
Konijn in het Zuur...rabbit leg confit, smoked sausage, lardons, baby turnips, zuurkool, $26 (a variation of the popup dish, fantastic)
Dessert (only 2):
Almond butter cake with bourbon cream (huge, but I preferred somewhat different version served at the popup)
They were pouring complentary bubbly, and we brought a range of Belgian ales and Normandy cider, which I think may generally be a better complement to the hearty food than wine.
Service was friendly and quick, with the apps flying out of the kitchen.  But later Joncarl got "in the weeds" and the entrees took a while (there are only 2 cooks in the tiny open kitchen, for ~40 seats).
The space is attractive and comfortable (padded benches along the walls and large, well-spaced tables), with great lighting through huge windows that were open onto the street (letting in a nice breeze).  The primo seats look to be the ~6 along the open kitchen.  However, Noord is definitely a loud restaurant, even with the windows and door open.  
A great addition to the East Passyunk Ave scene, I'm looking forward to returning.One of the best meals I've had in my life!  
Completely different from anything I've ever had in the city.    First off, service and the level of courtesy here is through the roof.  I came here on the wrong reservation date but without any issues, they accommodated me and had a great laugh about it.  We had the pleasure dining with Louis, he is amazing.  He went through the menu in great detail and explained all of the specials that night.  Automatically you feel at home here.
Forgive me since I don't remember what the items I ordered was called but for appetizers I had the Endive and apple salad (light/delicious/perfect crunch), the chicken dumpling spread with pickled veggies (amazing), the prawns (great broth/full of flavor) and for main entree I had the pollack fish.  The fish is perfectly seasoned, light not heavy in overall preparation and filling.  It was so delicious that I was sad I finished all of it.  My husband had the chicken with barley and that was amazing.  
Completely fell in love with this place and cannot wait to come back.  The next following week (which was the correct reservation day) the service was consistently great, attentive, warm and welcoming.  Food... No need to elaborate it was out of this world.  I had to take home most of my meal that night and they packed it away with some extra homemade bread of theirs and I was able to enjoy another great meal from Noord at home.  LOVE it here!I came here for my graduation lunch. The place is small and intimate. We got there pretty much right when it opened, but it was full by the time we left. 
The smorrebrod was amazing and so filling! By the time we finished that dish, we were too full to finish our other dish. We also ordered the hete kip. The chicken was so tender and fell right apart. The dish definitely has a kick and was a tad bit too spicy, but that didn't stop us from enjoying the dish!
Overall, I really enjoyed this place! You definitely get a good amount of food for what you pay. Did i mention? The food is really good here! Will DEFINITELY come back!I took my girlfriend here last night for her birthday and we both left there talking about how much we loved it.  The space is really intimate and charming.  Our waitress was very nice/funny/attentive and the owner even stopped by every now and then to chat, clear some plates etc.  He was a really nice, funny guy and it was nice to see him pitching in.
The food was excellent.  Most items had names that resembled Ikea furniture pieces so i dont remember what anything was called but we got the these deep fried pork balls to start along with a tray of 3 open faced smoked seafood sandwiches.  My lady got the rabbit leg and i went with the pork shank.  Everything was outstanding.
After we finished our dessert we were just finishing up our drinks and the server came over and said, "guys, i hate to do this to you but would you mind moving over to another table, we need your table for a 10:30 table of 4.  We are easy going people so we had no problem doing so.  A few minutes later the waitress had stopped by our new table and dropped us off a complimentary bread pudding to go and then a few minutes after that the owner stopped by and thanked us and cracked a bottle of champagne and poured us each a glass.
I read horror stories on here all the time about people getting hurried out of restaurants for people waiting, and thought it was really great how graceful the owner/waitress handled us at Noord.  I cant wait to go back.  The setting, the food and the service was top class.After having trouble snagging a reservation at this highly popular So. Philly restaurant, I finally got here fairly early on a Sunday evening. I'm now very pleased to join the 5-star chorus in favor of Noord. Exceptional service, somewhat unusual Scandinavian menu, all exceptionally prepared. Everything, from the in-house bread at the start of the meal, through to the desserts (and even including the bathroom decor) totally pleasing. Note that the menu is a bit short on vegetarian options, but what they do, they do so well.Don't ignore this restaurant -- it's really good!
The three of us went to the NYE dinner  at Noord, and it was memorable from beginning to end. We would been perfectly happy to have stopped at the bitterballen (we ordered the three choices) and the soup courses (ditto). I had the champagne-poached oyster chowder - this generous-with-the-oyster chowder with parsley vinaigrette (served in a mug) was superb. Pickled shrimp (my first exposure) and smoked salmon was a combination that hit all the right notes. Icelandic hake and cockles with toasted barley -- if this is true Scandinavian then I'm sold. The saltiness of the cockles matched well with the beurre blanc, hake and spinach. Dessert - excellent (loved the cardamon & cinnamon flavoring of the doughnut holes(?). Chef Lachman briefly chatted with us afterwards -- his enthusiasm for providing an expertly crafted and executed menu was evident.
The restaurant has a great view of the small square, and is small enough not to generate too much interior noise - we were able to have normal conversation without being drowned out.  We look forward to the continuing creativity of Noord!Went to Noord at 8 pm, just after the big snowfall ended.  Fond, Townsend, Paradiso, and Will were all closed...but not Noord!  And it was like the wonderful snow day party you think you should have but rarely do.  A number of neighborhood friends were there and the food, of course, was terrific.  I usually have the incredible mustard soup but on this cold night went for the Snert...now a new favorite.  And the haddock was equally superb.  But then we ended our meal with the hot chocolate...and I have to say that we are terrible hot chocolate snobs, having spent too much time sampling the nectar on cold winter days in Paris.  Well, Joncarl gets it just right...I mean perfect!  This is the best hot chocolate in Philly - and I've been to Franklin Fountain for their fantastic HC and to Rim Cafe for his amazing version - but Noord's version is just a little more sophisticated and a little more urban...whatever that means!  So, go for the great food and the wonderful camaraderie but make sure to finish with the hot chocolate!!We didn't really understand, our server, Alex when he said, "You are going to EAT tonight!" until we saw the entrees. From the food to the service to the owner, Jioncarl, himself greeting us at the door when we arrived, absolutely everything was perfect. My partner and I are recently engaged as are some friends of ours, so we decided to celebrate at a neighborhood spot we had never been to, but heard rave reviews. The reviews are all right and they absolutely deserve them!
For appetizers, we chose the Bitterballen, fried pork meatballs that are cripsy on the outside and creamy deliciousness on the inside, and the Uitsmijter, an open faced sandwich with pulled pork, gouda, topped with a fried egg. This was shared between 4 people and was plenty of food for us all. For entrees, we chose the Shellfish Choucroute, Braised Pork Shank, and two of the specials of the night - the Striped Bass and .. something I can't remember the name of that was similar to the Bitterballen in which it was fried and crispy, but creamy in the middle. The shellfish had a delicious broth, the pork fell right off the bone, the fish melts in your mouth. Everyone's mouth dropped open when we saw the portion sizes - they're huge! Dessert consisted of the Dutch Almond Butter Cake and we ordered a side of the salted caramel (from the Apple Parfait dessert) to give it a litte something extra. The cake is yummy, and sits atop a swish of almond custard on the plate with a dollop of whipped cream. Get the side of salted caramel and drizzle it all over everything and you'll think you were in heaven.
Alex was right - we did eat last night; we ate it all!3.5 stars.  I'm rounding up to 4 stars because they're really serving some interesting stuff here, and I like that.
Food is good, but not "amazing."  The herring sliders were pretty awesome, and the Bitterballen was alright.  Beer battered haddock sandwich was fairly ordinary, but the rabbit leg confit was well received.
Not in huge rush to go back, but I'll give them another try at some point.Waited for a longtime to go here but never got a table for 4 or more so decided to go only with my wife and it was the best foodecision we ever made. Excellent boutique restaurant where everything was fresh and food was amazing, the bread they serve as an app goes well with everything....each server takes time to sit with you and go over the menu, asks for your likes/allergies...plus is BYOB, couldn't go wrong with this place...not a quiet dining experience but you will enjoy the warmth and togetherness...like a big family, keep up the good work guys...we gonna drop in soon for another Scandinavian food coma....this time for your weekend brunch!!!Since everyone on yelp seems to be hoity-toity food critics these days, I am just going to say, as a regular person who likes to eat in restaurants, that Noord is a sweet, wonderful place to share food with friends. Friendly people serving food that tastes really good. It's like having dinner in the home of the most fabulous, fun person you know, who also happens to cook hearty, interesting, delicious food. You leave feeling like you got a big warm bear hug! What more do you want?We love Noord!  On a whim, dropped-in on a Thursday, having spent the day moving.  We were looking for comfort and great food and Stateside was packed so we walked across the square to Noord.  We were greeted like old friends and seated at a lovely window table.  Moments after having sat down, the chef, JonCarl, came over, concerned that we did not know it was a BYOB. We knew and explained that all our wine was in packing boxes. And he said, "well join me for some prosecco! So we had a wonderful time getting to know JonCarl and enjoying his superb food.  The herring sliders were a revelation and the meatballs unique and sublime.  My favorite moment was watching chef JonCarl wandering out to the Fountain with his now half-empty bottle of prosecco and offering sips to all hanging around. We love this neighborhood and the ambiance and friendliness. Noord, its chef and superb cuisine just makes it that much better.I didn't take any photos and I always do!!! I had the curry chicken entrée. It was soooooo amazing!!! I know I'm going to want this again very soon. It's small inside with low lighting and candles everywhere. And while it was cold outside, it was cozy warm inside.This place is really great.  The first time I've ever seen bitterballen on a menu in America.  The traditional bitterballen are amazing as any I've had in the Netherlands, the special the night I came was Salmon bitterballen and they were great (hopefully they add it to the daily menu).  Entrees were good as well, I know this place will only get better with time.  Great addition to Passyunk Sq, can't wait to go back.   
The chef, Joncarl, was really nice as well, we made our reservation before they were even open and he came over and explained the specials to us when we arrived.Noord gave us the best Valentine's Day in 20 years.
The front of house staff impeccable! The menu creative, originally, manageable and romantic, dare I say an aph·ro·di·si·ac. The Chef charming, personable, invested in the food, service, and overall experience.
The restaurant space is charming, warm, even toasty on one of the coldest night of the year. We were treated like royalty.  The music perfect in style and volume. The rye barley bread warm out of oven and charred under the broiler so you can taste the sweetness of the grain. Each course built on the one that came prior, cauliflower soup, house smoked salmon, crispy tangy fresh salad greens, honey coated Cornish hen, you could crack the skin with a spoon served with savory bread pudding(OMG) I thought I was having a .......! Dessert Apple bread pudding with my absolute favor, how did they know ? chocolate BARK The coffee rich full body and no aftertaste or hint of bitterness. These fellows are my Heroes! So glad they are opening  a second restaurant even closer to me. Philadelphia Chefs  sit up and take notice. We should all shoot for these standards in our professional lives.I had one of my most enjoyable meals in Philadelphia at Noord.  The ambiance is casual and the staff are very friendly.
The house-made bread that they bring out, with butter and soft sweet cooked garlic is just amazing.  So thick, dense, chewy, and flavorful.  I loved it.
I also got the bitterballen, which was not porky (a good thing), and the pork shank, which is large enough to share between two people but flavorful and comforting.
The smorrebord, on the other hand, was one of the most amazing dishes I've ever seen.  Generous helpings of house-smoked salmon, shrimp, and scallop on top of their wonderful bread, along with picked cucumbers and carrots, was something I'm still thinking about the next day.
It's a BYOB, and I recommend a Belgian/wheat beer.  It goes well with the food there.My partner and I chose Noord for an anniversary dinner based on the uniqueness of the menu and terrific reviews.  SO GLAD WE DID!  This is a charming BYOB in the rapidly developing E.Passyunk restaurant neighborhood.  A corner building, it has wide open windows for a lovely open-air feel despite being inside.  The service was super friendly and attentive without being overly solicitous.  This included the chef, who was actively greeting customers, telling them about the specials, even pouring water.  Later in the meal when we inquired about an especially delicious salad dressing, he came to our table to tell us how he made it.  VERY warm touch in this age of celebrity chefs!
The food was delicious and unique - The mustard soup was savory and tasty with a distinct but not overwhelming mustard flavor, and perfectly balanced with the sweetness of the scallop. Similarly balanced were the herring sliders - very tart and pickly, and balanced by the slightly sweet soft rolls.   My partner selected a croquette dish that was served with salad greens with a dressing so delicious it almost eclipsed the rest of the dish.  I enjoyed the braised rabbit- which came in a kind of light creamy stew with a combination of smoky (from sausage) and tart (from vinegar) flavors.  The homemade oat bread was perfect - toothy and crumbly.  
The almond butter cake was a marzipany treat for me - I'm such a big fan of almondy desserts that rarely appear on (usually) chocolate-heavy dessert menus - and was served with an almond cream and sauce.  This was well worth ordering even though I was already pretty full.  Portions here are generous.
Overall, I thought the food was terrific.  I can see that it might not be for everyone.  I was also very happy with the value received.  This place is not cheap.  But as someone who likes to celebrate special occasions with a nice dinner at a fancy restaurant, I have had mixed experiences.  Sometimes you fork over $200 and feel ripped off at the end of the evening.  Not so here.  Our bill came to approx $100 (appetizer, entree and dessert for each of us) and we definitely felt like we'd gotten our money's worth!My husband had really been wanting to eat here for a while, and we finally made reservations.  We were a party of three and unfortunately arrived a half hour late, so apologized and asked if we would still be able to be accommodated.  There were only two other tables seated at the time, but the hostess and another waiter rudely made several comments about how late we were. 
We ordered appetizers which were very good, and ended up ordering three different entrees, one of which was the mussels, but all were very similar in appearance and the other two were also comprised of 75% mussels.  I wish the waiter would have mentioned that they were all so similar and we would have tried other things. Overall, it was very OK and the food and the service were nothing I would return again for.This place rocks. I have to get back.  Food and service on point. Homey yet elegant. Nice job to the crew.Great food nice space with professional and knowledgeable waitstaff. First time experiencing this type of cuisine and was pleasantly surprised. Mustard soup was delicious and the scallop was perfectly cooked. Bitternallen was amazing and the pollack was perfect. An excellent meal in a nice environment.I've been wanting to go to Noord for quite some time, and it was well worth the wait. My boyfriend and I went for our anniversary, and it was one of the best meals either of us have had in quite some time. We went at 7 on a Wednesday, and the restaurant was moderately crowded already, always a good sign. The chef himself escorted us to our table and explained the specials for that night. He also brought some amazing homemade rye bread, which it took a lot of self control to not eat all of.
For an appetizer, we decided to get the Smorrebrod (house smoked fish & open faced sandwich board, changes daily), which seemed to impress our waiter since we said we had never been there before. After one bite, we already wanted to come back. The Smorrebrod consisted of three pieces of homemade bread, topped with full-grain mustard and either house-smoked salmon, a scallop and caviar, or a prawn. On the side were some pickled tomato slices, some other delicious pickled red vegetable, and some greens (on the whole, a very colorful dish). It was the perfect amount of food for two people. I can't speak for the prawn, but the salmon was flavorful and flaky, and the scallop was perfectly cooked. Even the bread and mustard by itself was delicious. A must-try.
For our entrees, I got the seared Norwegian salmon "Lohikeitto" (chowder, leeks, baby potatoes, coriander, herbs) and my boyfriend got the sauteed Icelandic haddock (Brussels sprouts, tart apple, beet horseradish, parsley puree). My salmon was one of the best I have ever had. No knife necessary, beautifully flaky, and not fishy-tasting in the least. The chowder was a perfect pairing to the salmon, it was light but still flavorful in a way that didn't overpower the flavor of the salmon. I only tried one bite of my boyfriend's haddock, and it was good as well. He seemed to greatly enjoy it, and between the beets, haddock, and Brussels sprouts, it was quite colorful as well.
Having read raves about the desserts, we opted to each get a dessert; I got the honey spiced cake with plums and apples, and my boyfriend got the bread pudding with cranberries. My cake was on the sweet side, and would have been better had we split it, since it was a bit too much richness for one person to eat. I am generally not a fan of bread pudding, but the bread pudding my boyfriend got was delicious, and judging by the speed at which he ate it, he thought it was delicious as well. He also ordered coffee, which came to the table in a French press, a nice touch.
Overall, Noord was phenomenal. One of the best restaurants I have ever been to in Philly. The food was gorgeous, delicious, and well worth the price. The service was professional but fun, and it's hard not to be impressed by the chef interacting so much with the diners. Truly a standout on the competitive East Passyunk dining scene. We would absolutely recommend Noord to anyone, and we will certainly be back.Ok tasting food with a unique menu of options to choose from. Seating is limited and reservations are helpful during prime hours.All of the positive reviews are true and not overblown. The owners and waitstaff really are that friendly and accommodating. The bread is delicious and addictive. The sauces are flavorful and fresh. And the ambiance is charming, cheerful and nicely integrated into the neighborhood.
My husband and I started with the sliders (delicious! soft bread! tangy vegetables! flavorful fish!). He had the pork chops, and I had the haddock. I loved the fresh, sweet corn and pickled peaches and how well they melded with the firm haddock and bits of smoked fish. 
We finished our meal with a chocolate bread pudding, which was wonderful. My only complaint was the stomach ache after we ate too much!
Really, eat here. You'll love it.Went to Noord a week ago as I had been wanting to try it for a long time. Wasn't sure quite what to expect but it was amazing. The fresh bread that you automatically receive comes hot out of the oven with delicious butter. I didn't realize that it was BYOB but our waiter was more than helpful and patient in directing me to the closest spot to buy wine around the corner. All in all our waiter was great, extremely congenial, helpful and attentive. I ordered the haddock and it was amazing. Cooked to perfection and the accoutrements were delicious. My mother ordered the pork with carrots and potatoes. It was delicious as well but I would absolutely choose any of the fish entrees first and foremost. Look forward to going back and trying other things on the menu. I suggest making reservations as it is a small space and was full even though our reservation was at 8:30.This is definitely going to be one of my go to places in Philly now. Everything we had was cooked perfectly and delicious. We also had the most awesome waiter who I wanted to bring home with us but my husband claims that one man is quite enough for me. Highly recommend!!I don't know what to compliment first, the service or the food. Let's start with the service as that was of course the first impression of the place.  I booked through open table and received a reminder text from the restaurant which included instructions to text back if I had any questions. Since it was the first time at the restaurant I asked about dress code. The response I received was casual and that they usually tell their customers to come "as long as their dressed".  I knew right away that their humor was right up my alley and couldn't wait to get there. We walked into the place and were greeted with a smile, and a hello Albert. From that point on the servers were fantastic. Very funny and very helpful. I was amazed by the fact that the waiter who took the order made sure that my friend didn't get squid on her shellfish stew because of an allergy. When the server brought it, he also commented that it didn't have squid. The communication among the staff was incredible. 
Now to the food. I ordered the brussel sprouts starter which was delicious. The sprouts were cooked perfectly and the caraway sour cream and golden raisin gastrique just added to the flavor. For my main course I had the stuffed rainbow trout. It was cooked to perfection. A nice char on the skin and moist meat made for a perfect bite. The greens served with the trout were wonderful and palate cleansing. My wife had the Beer Braised Pork Shoulder and our friends had the shellfish stew. All three thought their meal was excellent. 
I'm looking forward to another visit.I ate here last weekend for a birthday and had a pleasant experience, but could use a little room for improvement. My biggest complaint is that there is no carpeting or fabric anywhere, thus the small space is extremely loud. Within our group of 5 it was hard to hear each other from opposite ends of the table and difficult to understand our server. By the end of the night when some of the tables had cleared out the noise issue had improved considerably, but this is something that it would be very helpful to address. The bread and garlic butter that came for the table were very good - the butter had actual garlic cloves in it, which was delicious. I also loved  my appetizer, the bitterballen (fried meatballs with nutmeg, SO flavorful and perfectly cooked), as well as my boyfriend's appetizer, the smorrebrod (smoked fish mini sandwiches). I was a little less into my entree, the lekkerbekjes on snert, which was a crispy whitefish with what i would describe as split pea soup sauce. It was certainly unique, but just not my favorite combination of flavors. We sampled all three dessert offerings as a table - the dark chocolate bark, almond cake, and bread pudding. The almond cake was my favorite - I love almonds - with the dark chocolate a close second. The bread pudding was only okay in my opinion, mainly because it was a little dry for my taste. All in all it was fun to try Scandinavian food and we had an enjoyable experience, I would just order a little differently coming back.Unfortunately, I do not see the hype around this restaurant.
First, the noise level is VERY high. This is purely preference, but I found it difficult to enjoy being here. We ordered two appetizers. The "Holland Sliders" quite literally were grocery store potato buns with canned herring. The  Mustard soup with Scallop had a good base but the croutons were inedible, and the scallop was just that: a single scallop. 
My entree "Zeeuws Spek Uitsmijter" was quite good. However, my girlfriend ordered the rainbow trout and it was flavorless! We do a lot of cooking at home, so we do admit that it takes more to please us, but for $27 it was pretty sad to get an unseasoned piece of fish over some greens. No carbs, nothing. 
We enjoyed "Neuf," the sister restaurant on 9th street and will be returning there. For Noord, we won't be back.The smoked fish platter was not what I expected in layout, but it's a great way to start the meal. The pickled veggies were an integral part of the composition and taste. They weren't simply just garnish. The pickled onions had a balsamic sweetness, the cauliflower had a crisp yet tamed vinegar taste, and the pickles were refreshing and had a sweet vinegar taste. Even the lettuce fit well. The smoked crab initially had this weird taste to it. After eating some of the pickled veggies, it bloomed into a typical crab taste, sitting alongside quite a creamy profile. The smoked cod was garbage. After three bites, I gave up on it. There was this nasty, weird taste that I can't put my finger on. The smoked trout was delicious! Can't beat that smoked trout flavor, expect maybe mackerel. Bold, smoky, and plenty of it. The  staff was nice  enough to also add some pickled herring to my dish. I was quite surprised on how they pickled the strong fishy taste to a pleasant roar.  
That house bread and butter are definitely worth having. I usually stay away from bread, but this place offers something quite different from sourdough. 
The seafood stew was a lovely meal. It defied the laws of physics in many aspects. Light, yet substantial. Warming, yet cooling. Don't be scared by the size, cause it's not as big as it seems. Cause of the clam, shrimp, and mussel shells, it takes up a good amount of real estate. The sauce is truly the workhorse of this meal. By itself, it's somewhat neutral, but the beauty lies within its versatility. It elevates the veggies, rides alongside the seafood, breaks down the lettuce into a compacted flavor, and tied everything together with a zesty zing aftertaste. Once you start slurping, it's hard to stop. The mussels and shrimp had great flavor. The clams were ok but were kinda bland.I was pretty impressed with Noord. The service was amazing from start to finish. The food itself was very different from what I usually eat around Philly. Standouts were the special spreads on grilled bread and the rabbit. The mustard soup is a must. While it was a great meal, I think it would be an every couple of years restaurant and not necessarily a three times a year place.The food here is awesome! Quirky fun restaurant with a wonderful Scandinavian flair! The snert was amazing!!!! The waiter was also hysterical, and gave us free desert which was so nice!! Definitely want to come here again!!!My wife, a Deutschlander, and I ate here Sunday evening. With the windows open we could feel the breeze coming across The Singing Fountain. As Noord is a BYOB establishment we stopped off at the nearby Bottle Shop for a Six of world beers. The staff volunteered to put the remainder in their fridge. Starting with their heirloom tomato salad with aged gouda cheese we quickly ascended to a heavenly plane. And the Smorrebrod was beautifully presented on slate with all three open-faced smoked fish sandwiches interspersed with beets and watercress. Wifey could not finish her 1/2 chicken even though it was so tender it literally melted off the bone. And my flash seared haddock was awesome, complimented as it was with steamed white baby corn kernels and bits of orange. After one of the owners (Jean-Claude) gave us a bit of Belgian cherry beer we split dessert; a warm chocolate bread pudding topped with cool chocolate cream (very light) was a Yin-Yang of contrasts. If I lived in Philly I'd be back there in a couple of weeks, after I dieted of course.Amazing!!  I had been wanting to surprise Justin G with this place since hearing about it and seeing all of the reviews because he is a real sucker for smoked fish...seemed like this would be right up his alley.  Since I am more of an italian, med, spanish foods lover, I was not expecting to be anywhere near in love with this place as I am now.  It is beyond cozy and the staff is super friendly and attentive.  I had one of the specials that night - hake with corn and crab chowder and it was so freaking flavorful.   THe broth was so light but creamy and delicious at the same time that I'm still thinking about it 24 hours later.  Justin G got another special, the whole bass (head & tail on), which I tried but didn't love as much as my dish.  
For dessert, we got the strawberry parfait: fresh strawberries layered with whipped cream (definitely homemade - not sweet at all, amazing), with some type of crispy ginger crumbs...and salted caramel on the bottom.  Such a simple but delicious end to the meal...my only wish was that there had been another layer of salted caramel. 
I cannot wait to go back and try some more items off the menu.Went for dinner last night & my only complaint is that I waited this long to go! The ambiance was perfect, seating was comfortable, our server Louis was AMAZING and the food was delicious! All around great experience from start to finnish, lol!Went for East Passyunk Restaurant week in February. Our server was awesome. He made us feel completely at home, and you could tell he really enjoys his work. The food was delicious. I had the rabbit. It was surprising- sour and creamy and filling and all around interesting. every bite made me think a little bit more about how all of the ingredients were interacting. Thumbs up. I took issue with the presentation of it. It was served in basically a stew sauce with the rabbit still on the bone, and a knife and fork. Because the sauce was not very viscous, the sauce ended up all over me while using the fork. I should have just asked for a soup spoon to use with the fork, but I didn't realize that would have been a solution until I was almost finished. 
It's truly Scandinavian food, and the night I went was a rather chilly, which worked out. The dishes are all very hearty and creamy and filling. This is great in the fall and winter, but I wonder how they do on a hot day. As we walked home I couldn't help but think "I can't imagine having that meal in the summer"
It's a byob, which I always love. I recommend bringing a dry reisling, it balances their dishes well.Thanks to Noord for a great dinner on Thursday night.  For appetizers, the seared scallop was fantastic and the salmon special (fritters) were lighter than expected and delicous.  For entrees, the stuffed trout was very tasty and cooked perfectly; I loved the sauce and the greens it was served with.  The roasted seasonal vegetables were beautiful and the dressing on the salad they were served with provided some nice bite.  Loved the almond cake we had for dessert.  I'll definitely be back!I had finally earned enough points on OpenTable to get a $100 gift cert. so where to use it, spoiler I used it at Noord. I have been wanting to go to Noord for quite some time and after going I am almost embarrassed that I didn't go sooner. The space is actually top notch, it's very nice inside and more importantly they don't pack you in there like some BYOs tend to do. The service was stellar and the waiter was patient with us while at the same time moving us along in the menu. We started off with a bunch of apps because I wanted to try everything, the menu here is so interesting. Started off with the head on prawns, the escargot, the mustard soup, and the heirloom tomato salad. Everything was top notch and I started to learn that at Noord they work to integrate a lot of flavor profiles together seamlessly. The result are dishes that have a lot of depth of flavor and really just make it that much enjoyable to eat. The mustard soup was the most interesting of the bunch. The surprise favorite though were the prawns they were perfectly cooked and the sauce they came with was exquisite. For entrees went with the Seafood Waterzooi and the Pollack. Once again the chefs hit it out of the park. The pollack was cooked perfectly and the thing that stood out the most with that dish was the pickled peaches, wow, just wow, I could eat just a plate full of those. The waterzooi was super interesting because it is definitely the progenitor to New England Clam Chowder except that it came with a lot more seafood. The flavors were just awesome and the broth was to die for, the potatoes that were in the broth were fantastic. I ended up requesting extra milk bread (the bread here is also fantastic) so that I could sop up all the extra broth. By the time the meal ended we were too full for dessert but we will be back in the near future.Noord eetcafe, which got a ton of internet buzz prior to opening just this week, is a solid addition to East Passyunk's thriving restaurant scene.  It's currently the only Scandinavian/Northern European restaurant in town (if you don't count the Ikea cafeteria), and the chef and owners do a decent job in representing the dishes and flavors of the North and Baltic seas.  The atmosphere is warm, the staff is friendly, but the food itself could use a little fine tuning.
The BF and I started with the seared diver scallop and pork belly uitsmijter.  The diver scallop was good; a nice meaty scallop in a savory mustard soup.  Great flavors and great textures.  The pork belly, which was described to me as a preview of Noord's upcoming brunch menu, was less successful.  The salad had a bit too much pepper, and the pork belly was a little dry, but overall it was a unique and interesting take on "bacon and eggs".  For dinner, I opted for the soft shell crab special while he had the seared norwegian salmon.  My dish was pretty good: a nice and flavorful crab (although not as much meat inside as I had hoped), with an incredibly filling and savory side salad of baby potatoes, tomatoes, garlic, and small pieces of salmon.  His seared salmon was better; a very flavorful salmon filet served in a rich and hearty chowder.  Since a lot of the courses here rely on breads and starches, I was so full after my two dishes (the pork belly on the brioche and the crab on Dutch brown bread), I didn't have any room for dessert!
The BYO setup works perfectly for the dining experience; it's a nice place but also laid back, the service is good, and the staff is very outgoing.  You definitely feel at home and taken care of, and you can tell that there's a lot of passion and heart in these dishes.  The food still needs a bit of work and finessing to get it to perfection, but this cafe has a lot of potential and certainly fits the neighborhood profile.I had been looking forward to checking out Noord for a while now, and we made our way here recently as a party of 4. The service was phenomenal and the space is a nice size for a BYOB. We even had elbow room to spare!
The entrees were very large and the menu was diverse and had something for everyone. Unfortunately, the food was somewhat hit or miss. We loved the gravlax and brussels sprouts appetizers. The complex and exciting flavors were getting us excited for our main courses. Although everything was cooked properly in our entrees, nothing really stood out to us. The pollack in particular seemed very plain - maybe it is the Scandinavian style? The rabbit at the table was delicious, but had tiny bones in every bite, so it wasn't the most pleasant thing to eat. It was also in cabbage that was extremely acidic. Being from Eastern Europe, I love vinegar and pickled products, but to me, this was extreme and slightly off-putting. 
We paid around $50 per person, and left full and satisfied (having emptied 2 wine bottles too!), but if I come here again, I might stick with the appetizers. They were excellent.I loved my experience here. The staff and the Chef were very accommodating. As a result of my flight being cancelled, I had to spend the night in Philadelphia. Two friends recommended Noord to me. It was worth the trip from the airport. Everything was delicious: salmon, home made bread, and bread pudding for dessert - everything was prepared in an inventive and satisfying way. The restaurant is unlike any other in the neighborhood, but I felt like I had a great Philly experience. I will definitely return.We went here shortly after coming back from Amsterdam, so this cuisine was fresh on our palates. Wow. Noord really hits it out of the park. 
The bitterballen were even better than what we had at the Amsterdam bars, and the fish dishes had such nice and clean flavors. I sopped up every last drop of the mustard soup with their hearty bread. For the mains, I stuck with a yummy, sautéed fish dish while my bf got the burger which was delicious, but much heavier.
Their dessert portions are huge, and I managed to get through their chocolate chip bread pudding only because I didn't want it's deliciousness to go to waste, but my boyfriend couldn't make it through his buttery almond cake and I was way too full to help him out. Note for next time: split a dessert and forgo the tummy ache.
Noord reminds me that as good as Philly's Italian and New American scene is, it's ethnic and international food scene could use some work!Tonight was my second time at Noord.  Based on only those two very solid experiences, I confidently give them a five star rating.  Service was warm, friendly, and hospitable:  we walked in w/o reservations (the byob we wanted to go to was unexpectedly closed) and they graciously accommodated.  We had the best seats in the house, i.e., the bench at the kitchen.  Got to watch Jonathan and Malik (sorry if this is misspelled!) work their efficient and effective magic.  They made us feel special.  Beyond the wonderful hospitality and attention (i'm not a 'service' kinda gal, but i certainly don't recognize a good thing...), the food was fantastic.  I especially enjoyed the mustard soup, lamb burger (so juicy, so flavorful, so well composed w/ gouda and just the right kind of roll), and seafood curry...a kind of cioppino thing, but indonesian (?) style...figuring dutch works in there somewhere.  so fresh, so flavorful.  my dinner friends loved the prawns (second time now that they've raved about these) and the chicken croquette special.  thank you, noord!  we'll be back and whoever's reading this should go there, too!Cute, cozy little BYO with really great service.
The food was also fantastic...I just wish I didn't get the Holland sliders, and it's really no fault of the restaurants.  I just came to the conclusion that herring is not very good.  It's really cold and fishy tasting and I felt like I was eating dead flesh.  Everything else was amazing though.  The bitterballen was nice and crunchy on the outside with a creamy inside served with a side of whole grain mustard and some greens.  The Norwegian salmon in a creamy chowder was out of this world, as was the almond butter cake.  I'm usually not a big dessert person, but I almost gasped at how fuckin good this was.  Mmmmm.....Creative, unique, charming, adventurous, and pleasantly different are just some of the ways to describe this Dutch culinary gem that resembles a traditional European cafe. When we sat down at our table, the owner/chef/waiter came over and sat with us explaining the menu. Super nice guy. Overall, terrific service from the entire waitstaff. The menu is quite unique. We started with a mustard soup with a diver scallop. Also had the prawns in citrus butter. For entrees, we had the whole roasted striped bass and the rainbow trout. Both were fresh and were prepared in creative, light sauces. Everything we had was pleasantly different. Would recommend anyone with an adventurous food mind to try it. One more thing, the ambience is romantic and noticeably unpretentious. Only thing that's missing is a framed photo of Van Gogh's ear.Great for date night in Passyunk. I love that it's BYOB, so we go here when we need to conserve some mullah. The food is awesome, and just like Fond across the street, the service is very attentive. Five stars!Wonderful to be greeted by the owner/chef. Nice diverse menu, excellent pace of the meal, and truly yummy food. We love the pork belly, trout, cod and dessert. Furthermore, they had written happy anniversary to us on our  Tablecloth before we got there. Outstanding new restaurant that must be tried. You'll never find a more humble and talented chef.Fantastic is my best description. I went with my husband for date night and everything that crossed our lips was delectable from the complementary bread with roasted garlic to the bread pudding with mixed berries. The standout in our opinion was the waterzooi. It's a beautiful soup dish filled with generous portions of seafood. My own opinion is you get a second helping of bread just to dip in the broth.What a terrific meal!  I came with a large party for my parent's 40th anniversary and we all had a great time.  
The meal starts with bread served with roasted garlic.  The buzz about this bread should be heeded.  The crunchy tips and soft delicious bread went perfectly with the roasted garlic that spread like soft butter.
It took me forever to figure out which appetizer I wanted to order.  Luckily, we ordered a lot of different appetizers, so I had a chance to taste a bunch of this delicious food...
-The gravlax might have been my favorite.  Seared salmon served with pickled beets and creme fraiche.  This was cooked perfectly, the salmon was just the way I like it (barely cooked) and everything worked together to make the perfect bite.
-The smorrebrod was an array of open faced sandwiches with smoked seafood.  The prawn was very good, but my favorite was the smoked scallop, I had never had scallop prepared that way, it was terrific.
-The mustard Soup is served with a gigantic scallop on top.  The scallop gives a welcome change of texture for this tasty soup.  I enjoyed the slight tang of the mustard in the soup.  It is a creamy soup with a lot of flavor.  I would recommend it.  
-The brussel sprouts were served with scallion and creme fraiche.  Sprouts are delicious, and the cream put it over the top.  Very good.  
The entrees were pretty terrific as well
-I ordered the konijn in het zuur which is sort of like a rabbit stew with sausage and a thicker sauerkraut broth.   The broth had a bit of a tang to it, but not overwhelming.  The rabbit was delicious and the meaty flavor mixed with the tang worked very well.
-The cider braised pork shoulder was served with bacon, beans, and collards.  This made for a terrific dish that was well thought out and put together.  The flavors paired perfectly.  
-The pollack was also very tasty, but less of the flavors that I typically seek out.  The fish was paired with apple, green beans, sour cream and dill.   Very good in it's own right.  
We were not looking to eat dessert, but the server brought us some complimentary bread pudding.  I don't typically go for bread pudding, but this had a lot of flavor and a heartier texture than I have had in the past.  
When I first walked in, I was a little worried that this place was going to be sort of stuffy.  Not at all.  Very warm, the staff seemed to take pride in what they do.  Our server (Louis, Luis, Lewis... I never know how to spell that name) was terrific.  Very friendly, very approachable.  Perhaps one of the best servers that I've had at a restaurant.Definitely going back.  Everything was wonderful, from the fresh bread with garlic butter, appetizers, main course, dessert, and French press coffee. 
Other reviewers complaining of 'loud music' are way off.  The sound level is fine.  This is a smallish restaurant with flat walls, but there were no 'piercing' sounds.
I had the salad with fresh citrus fruit - delicious.  Others in the party of 4 had the chicken/mushroom krockets and smoked salmon.  
My main course hit it out of the park.  I had the chicken and risotto.  Both were spiced to perfection.  The risotto was peppery and the chicken had a mixture of spices (including curry?).  
The deserts were all great - apple cobbler, the almond tart on the other side of the plate was also good (served with custard), and the helping in the middle with cranberries was also good.
The wait staff were attentive, and the water glasses were always full.Noord was a ton of fun for an impromptu date night. The ambiance was cozy and romantic. The service was good. The food was good as well.
For the appetizer we got a liver moose that came with savory donuts, pickled onions and pickled eggs. It was beyond delicious. They also served house made bread with sweet potato butter. It was unique and delicious. The appetizer was definitely my favorite part of the meal.  
For the entree I had haddock with creme fraiche, corn and crab meat. It was tasty but lacked color. I also felt that there was too much creme fraiche and not enough variety of textures. My boyfriend had one of their seafood stews which was very good seafood with a nice smokey flavor. 
For dessert, we ordered a bread pudding and some chocolate to go with out dessert wine. The dessert was tasty but just wasn't very unique. 
Overall, Noord was a great experience, a great place to check out for date night!Disclaimer: we didn't actually eat here. I am going to reschedule dinner there and will update review accordingly. Reason for 3 stars: phone interaction. We had reservations at 6:30PM. Long story short, we were running about 1/2 late. Called, person who answered phone was nice but gave an odd answer. Yes, we can come later, but that table must be vacated by 8:30PM. So we weren't sure if that meant that we would be kicked out at that time? I understand if they said they have a grace period, then your reservation is done or better yet, find a different accommodation. But how exactly were they going to get us out by 8:30? Were they intending to rush us through dinner? Never heard of that before after 20 years of eating out in Philly. We will try Noord some other time.What an enjoyable dining experience! First time dining at Noord. Excellent food, service and ambiance. Chef Joncarl friendly and boisterous made his way around his restaurant to each table either introducing himself to new comers or chatting with his regulars. Very warm and lovely dining experience.SO FANTASTIC. From the service to the rabbit, everything was perfect. My boyfriend and I came here a couple of weeks ago and seriously loved everything we ordered. Make sure to get the Bitterballen because it the perfect appetizer.
It's also BYOB, which is very nice, we brought some Belgium lambic beers and they paired perfectly. Go here! You won't be disappointed, I promise.Very mediocre food at best.  Don't expect fresh, tasty Scandinavian or Dutch food.
Expect indifferent service from the wait staff.  Ours barely talked to us outside of 1) taking our order and 2) responding to a question.  
Don't understand how this restaurant earned the stars it gets.  Noord just isn't that good.My fiancé is from Holland and a new arrival to Philadelphia. I thought it would be fun to take him to Noord. 
The bitterballen were sooo delicious! Though I wish there 4, not 3, so we could have evenly split them, and because i think it's expensive for 3 small balls. The 'salad' was just little color on the plate. 
My fiancé was excited when the chef spoke Dutch so they exchanged some words and suggested to order a dish off the menu. Something to me that resembled a larger bitterballen open face sandwich. My fiancé explained it was a type of comfort pub food he would find at home. He enjoyed it. 
My food was delicious, I got the rabbit; however I wish there was more of it for the price. I could have definitely eaten more, I was still left hungry. 
We went back another time, for takeout, to pick up open face lamb burgers. Again, for not a complete burger, being $20 for also nothing else, I find it pricey and again was wishing I had ordered more food, as I continued to rummage in my kitchen. 
I still will come back because I dream of those bitterballen. I am just nervous with it turning into a very expensive meal. I'd come more often if it wasn't so pricey to eat a filling meal. 
I also don't drink, so the byo factor doesn't matter to me (if that's what drives up the food cost unfortunately)Excelente menú, mainly Dutch dishes with different influences. The matzo Brie omelet was very well done. The homemade bread was excellent. The chef personally come to each table to great and explain the menu and dishes.  Friendly atmosphere and BYON! Don't miss the original art gallery in the bathroom!I ate here last night with a bud. I was pretty stoked to have some Scandinavian food, as I spent a month there last summer and I'm about to spend another 3 months there this fall. My friend had heard really great things about it and I had read about it via Phoodie.info.
The food was good, but somewhat repetitive. The bread was house baked rye and was served with butter and roasted garlic. Scandinavian breads tend to be pretty dense and dark, so this fit the bill perfectly. I really like Scandinavian breads, especially the really seedy/nutty ones. This was not that type, but still really good.
Apps: We got the mushroom nut pâté and it was served with the bread again, but toasted. They also didn't give much bread. I'm not sure if it was because we had some bread already on the table or what, but there was much more pâté then bread. I don't think that there needs to be more bread, but rather a smaller ration of the pâté. It was a HUGE appetizer, probably meant to share,  but we had also ordered another appetizer and 2 entrees so it was too much. I'd say if you are a party of 2 and really want this app, share it or come really hungry. The pâté itself was a little sweet and very delicious. It came with a little bit of tasty sweet beets and very vinegary cauliflower. I'm not a huge pickled fan, but I enjoyed it. The other app we got was the scallop. I made the mistake of taking a big bite of the salty caviar on top of the scallop with my first bite of the protein, when it's really meant to be spread around the dish. Even still I think it was way too much caviar. The mustard soup/bisque thing was banging and I'd eat that all day, although, again, the croutons were the same ones as from the bread. I actually didn't notice the croutons initially either, because they were only 3 and hidden under the scallop in the soup. It made the scallop look bigger than it was, since it sat atop it. I don't really think that was necessary because this diver scallop IS big! The croutons were deliciously soaked in the soup, but I had a WTF moment when I first discovered them.
Mains: We ordered scallop special and salmon. The scallops were prepared in the exact same way as my app, but 3 scallops instead of 1. They were perfectly seared and topped with too much caviar. They came on a bed of awesome heirloom tomatoes, shaved aged gouda, and some other rad stuff. Although my friend kept spreading the caviar throughout the salad, there was still a ton of it left at the end of it. Maybe some people love caviar more than we do? 50% of my salmon was too dry. I generally like my salmon medium, but she never asked me a temperature. Half of it was medium and moist, but the other half was well done. Eh! Also, it was barely seasoned. It was served over a thin fish chowder that was really tasty, but even eating the fish with the broth left me wanting something, even just a bit of salt on the salmon. The vegetables in the broth were also inconsistently cooked. Some of the potatoes and carrots were still hard. With carrots, that's not bad. With raw potatoes, yuck. I ended up avoiding them for the rest of dinner.
We did not get any dessert, since we came in pretty late and there were only 2 kinds left, and neither sounded great to us. The waitress described a 2 fruit bread pudding, and a parfait that made us raise our eyebrows by the randomness of the items inside of it. When she saw us make inquisitive faces at each other, she laughed and said "yeah, I know it kind of sounds like a garbage parfait" or something similar to that.
Service was pretty good. When we sat down, they immediately opened our bottle of wine and stored the other in the fridge until we were ready for it. (We were never ready for it, but they promptly brought it back to us at the end of the meal.) We were checked on frequently by just about everyone and our water glasses were pretty full. After receiving our entrees, we were checked back on pretty quickly, but not again until we were almost done and the only question was if we wanted our plates cleared. I actually didn't love my salmon, and I would have been able to say that if it weren't for the fact that I wasn't asked. 
I enjoyed the atmosphere a lot though. The big windows were open on this beautiful night, making it extra pleasant. The lights were dim, but the menu still readable. Tables are somewhat close, but not too cramped that it's uncomfortable. Noise level-wise, I read some reviews here about the music being too loud, but I didn't notice that. I was also probably the youngest person in there, so maybe my young ears didn't mind it? My friend and I were able to talk all evening without shouting. Then again, we both have pretty strong lungs as well.
Dinner at Noord is not cheap (but is quite reasonable), although still cheaper than a typical Scandinavian dinner out. It's a good experience, and I think I would come back again to try other things that sounded yum on the menu, but probably not become a regular.Remember when you were in elementary school and you would write your best friend's name vertically down a piece of paper and describe all the great things about her with each letter?
I present to you this little acrostic to Noord, my new best friend...
N is for No judgment zone. Our party of four literally BYOed a duffel bag of booze and felt both accepted and embraced by the fine staff at Noord.
O is for Onja Arlca Achmanla. For those who do NOT remember elementary school, this is Pig Latin for Joncarl Lachman. The friendliest, most pleasant chef in town.
O is for OMG the Bitterballen. Get in my mouth you scrumptious balls of goodness.
R is for Rabbit. The tastiest bunny in town.
D is for dessert. Don't skip it. Trust me.Noord was fantastic. A solid 4.5 stars, almost at a 5. Everything was cooked to perfection, and the flavors were delicious. The service was excellent and the ambiance was fantastic as well. As others have noted, the bread they provide to start is incredible. And the butter and roasted garlic on the side is the perfect accompaniment. For our first course, we had the smoked fish trio. The scallop was by far our favorite of the trio...the salmon just wasn't special in our mind, and we didn't taste the smoke in the prawn. While it was a yummy dish, I think we'd go a different route for an appetizer on our next visit. For entrees, I enjoyed the rabbit leg confit and my fiancé had the salmon. The rabbit was phenomenal. The flavor was just delicious, and everything was cooked perfectly. I was thrilled we got a second order of bread to sop up the sauce. The salmon was good, perfectly cooked, but a bit simple for our liking. The sauce was good, but not phenomenal. The portions were quite generous - we both had plenty to take home, and we were way too stuffed for dessert (sadly). Joncarl was extremely friendly and personable and seemed thrilled to serve his patrons. Finally, the price was fantastic. One of the first high-end meals we've had in a LONG time for under $100. Can't wait to return.I heard great things, but was a little skeptical as I'm not a huge fan of Nordic/Danish food.  I was completely surprised - the food was not too crazy out there. I ordered the specials: app and entree and both were amazing.  Simple arugula salad with beets, blue cheese and walnuts - they gave more beets than most restaurants would, so that was already a good sign. The bread with butter/garlic they offer - excellent as well.  Then for my entree I got the special  - Sea Bass.  Cooked to perfection. On top of that, the staff were super friendly and attentive. Very happy to have this addition to the neighborhoodWow! Loved this little gem of a restaurant on East Passyunk! 
The decor is casual elegant, white tablecloths, white painted walls and lots of windows. As we walked in from the rain, we felt very welcomed by the staff, who let us pick any table we wanted as we were the first customers there for dinner. We took a peek behind the chef's counter to see what was being made and got a description of the fresh baked breads, a real variety of interesting flavors which we got to enjoy later as the meal came with a basket of assorted breads and rolls. I really liked the brioche with the caraway seeds.
 As we were seated at our table looking over the menu, the chef came over to chat and walk us through the specials, he was very friendly and down to earth, he is obviously a real people person.    Although the soft shell crab special sounded tempting, we chose from the printed menu.  
For apps there is an interesting assortment of things you never see on a menu in Philly, like bitterballen (fried pork meatballs flavored with nutmeg, that came served with a salad) .  The bitterballen came with 3 large meatballs, and is definitely share-able, as you want to leave room entree and dessert.   We also ordered the seared diver scallop, topped with caviar and served in a bowl of mustard soup with little rye bread croutons (no doubt from the bread baked on premises).  The scallop was extremely sweet and tender, chef really seems to have a great touch with the preparation of seafood..  
For entrees we had the amsterdam mussels and the rainbow trout.  The mussels were the most delicious, perfectly cooked mussels I can remember. Though small in size, the mussels were soft and juicy, and the sauce made with beer and fennel was flavorful but not overpowering, so the mussels really shined through. If you are a fan of mussels, I definitely recommend a bowl of these. They might also be good to share as a first course. 
The rainbow trout was a whole fish that had been boned out and stuffed with jerusalem artichokes, and was served in a bowl of broth, Here, again, the chef had a light touch with the fish which was so tender it just melted in your mouth. I can't recall what was in the sauce but it tasted very buttery. There were some mustard greens as well, which added an interesting flavor contrast to the dish.
There was still room for dessert so we shared a serving of the rich almond butter cake which had a delicious flavored whipped cream on top.  The slice was huge and between the two of us we could hardly finish!  
Overall, an outstanding meal, I definitely recommend Noord and plan to go back again in the future!This place was fantastic and I cannot wait to come back!
One dissapointment was that a lot of the Yelp reviews complained about them playing "Death Metal" so we were really excited, we get to eat interesting food while hearing Death Metal?  We are in!  Sadly when we went they were playing some elevator music funk hybrid stuff, so we were kinda let down.
We were a party of 4 with a variety of tastes and likes and not one person was disappointed.  For me it was all about the Bitterballen, how could you not?
While there are a million Italian or "New-American" BYOB's out there, this is a breath of fresh air.  Great location, space, staff and food.  What more could you ask for?  (Except to bring back the Death Metal!!!)