Walking around in the city, tough to find a good sushi place with reasonable price in Central City. Accidentally Bumping into their grand opening last weekend. The sushi is amazing. Very Fresh, Very Delicious. Good size portion. Exquisite and super modern atmosphere; every dish been lovely decorated. Definitely worth. Definitely coming back with friends.Clean place and friendly service. I loved the side salad that came with the lunch special. Sashimi was fresh. Sushi was yummy.  Prices were good too.My girlfriend and I LOVE Nori Sushi. We discovered it in October while walking down South Street and decided to order it the next night. We generally tend to get the sushi to go and it is always very tasty and reasonably priced. We have eaten in once and the atmosphere at the restaurant is really nice. I also appreciate that they tend to throw in something for free. Generally we get a crunchy salad given free and the time we ate in, we got a free roll. 
We tend to come here at least once every 2 weeks and have a great experience each time. I would highly recommend.Ordered takeout -- 3 roll lunch special. This is my go-to at any sushi place (I order sushi at least once a week. Tried the sweet potato roll, philadelphia, and spicy tuna roll with added cream cheese. Comes with both soup AND salad which I saved for the next day. All for around $12. Pretty decent takeout for a great price!This place is new but let's say that it did not disappoint. Great value for the price, all of the fish tasted really fresh. Rolls were good sizes. Service speed is probably average. Definitely one of the better sushi spots in PhillyVisited Nori a couple of weeks ago and my friend and I were pleasantly surprised by the experience. The decor is cool, the sushi was fresh and really well prepared, and the prices were unreal. Definitely recommend over that other sushi place on Broad.Got sushi to go here today and it was actually pretty tasty. I got their lunch special 2 rolls and a salad for just a little over 8 bucks which was a steal! Service was quick but the employees seemed to rush me to order and rushed me out of their but the place was nice and clean. I don't think I would ever dine in but to go was pretty goodI love this place. Cool decor and very lively. I got the wild tiger and loved it! I will definitely go back !This four star rating is generous, but I like the service, it's a new restaurant, and I think it's important to support small business in this area of the city.
I ordered to go a few rolls from this place-we usually stay in the neighborhood and since it's new, we wanted a sample to see if there was an option for good local sushi. Our expectations were not high, and we've kind of been all over the world eating this food.
Suffice it to say, it wasn't bad and did do the trick. But one big thing, and I hope the restaurant might see this, is if you're going to make sushi, you HAVE to season the rice! You can't just steam rice and put fish on it, wrapped in seaweed, and call it sushi. Even just a little bit of rice wine vinegar (which is the operative ingredient, I think) would go a long way. Instead, you're relying on spicy sauce or tempura for flavor...
One thing I really did appreciate was that there wasn't too much rice in the sushi (and that's good, considering it tasted like the rice you get on the side in a Chinese restaurant). So many mid-level sushi places make huge rolls where the fish drowns in the rice, but that was not at all the case here, so the sushi is tastefully done that way.
The people working there were very nice and accommodating, and I wish this place the best. I'll go back in a month or two and see where their at and revise my review up or down depending.This place is a really great sushi place! Their uni and salmon is sooo delicious and fresh! Their uni is so buttery and plentiful, melts in your mouth. The salmon is perfectly fatty. I like the ambiance and it's extremely clean, the staff is really friendly, great service! I would definitely recommend this place to all my friends and family! They do not skimp out even with the appetizers. I ordered the miso and seaweed salad and I couldn't even finish it. I love that their menu has options for my husband that isn't into sushi as well. Totally recommend!clean spot
decent sushi
attentive server
great pricing
byo
we'll be back!A quaint little place that offers a trendy atmosphere. It's a no frill place where the portions are a good size. If you use Yelp, you can get 10% off or your order. I ordered Chirasi with salad and it was filling and delicious. Also, if you pay with cash, you will receive 10% off.I love this place; the food is consistently excellent and the service is great. Highly recommend!!I eat sushi ~3 times a week and this is the worst sushi I've had in years. I ordered 4 rolls (salmon avocado, salmon skin, spicy salmon, and Alaska). I ate 3 pieces of the salmon avocado roll and the fish was disgustingly tough. It was like eating a piece of rubber. While bad, I was willing to try the next item: the spicy salmon...and there were bones in it! I kid you not. In the two pieces I ate, each one had a small fish bone. Repulsive. After those five pieces, seamless contacted the restaurant they refused to give me a refund. I had to throw it away it was so bad. $25 wasted. Disgusting food from a restaurant with horrible customer service. Save yourself the frustration and eat somewhere else.We order sushi from them and after 3 hours it still didn't come so we had to cancel. Do not order from this place!!** This is a review of sushi ordered through Grubhub **
We did not eat at the restaurant. We ordered once through Grubhub which has limited sushi options. The sushi was 2-3 star, with exception to the tuna pepper roll, which was just horrendous. The fish looked dry and tasted even worse. We liked the salmon rolls however, and decided to order again about three weeks later. My wife and I both got sick that night. I am concerned about the freshness, though we realize this might have been the result of having it delivered, but we won't be ordering from here again.Absolutely horrendous service. Came here with friends on a Friday night and it took more than an hour and a half to get our food.   No excuse. Plenty of other options.  I never really comment; however, I Do not recommend .So we found our new favorite sushi place! We've been coming here consistently since they opened and they have never disappointed. Their pricing is on point, their rolls are a nice size, and their service is awesome. We don't even live near them, we come up from East Passyunk just to get take out or dine in here because of how good they are. (Hint: you guys should open a second location on East Passyunk Ave, you would kill it down here). To top it off, they are BYOB.Loved Nori!! I order takeout sushi at least once a week from a bunch of different places in Philly..and Nori is definitely one of the top contenders! 
The biggest issue I've found with sush in Philly is overpricing for small portions. Not Nori!! I got the 3 roll lunch special (around $10 I think) and I was pleasantly surprised. Everything was fresh and the rice to fish ratio was perfect (aka more fresh fish/filling and not overstuffed with rice)! 
Delivery was right on time and I have zero complaints about the service. Definitely looking forward to trying more of their chef specialty rolls!! 
****EDIT so I've ordered from here several times at this point and my last few experiences have definitely been lacking. Orders take over an hour to get here, I've received the wrong order all together, the sizes of the rolls have significantly decreased, my sweet potato tempura wasn't cooked at all so I was just eating raw potato, and they've forgotten to include soy sauce as well. Really not a huge deal but a noticeable enough negative shift in service and quality that I felt it warranted an updated review!! Maybe they're just way busier now?!We order delivery and we didn't get it after waiting for 3 hours. After 2 hours of saying that the Derek very is on the way they didn't answer to calls at all. The manager was very rude and didn't even apologize for that.Nori sushi is amazing place in the Philly. I really like there sushi. Sashimi deluxe was very good , salmon, tuna, shrimp was very fresh. Service is very friendly and helpful. Price is not expensive.Friendly service, nice ambiance (especially once the music came on), and good sushi and sashimi!
We stopped in on a Thursday evening and decided to dine in. We were the only table at that time and there was no music playing so at first the atmosphere felt a little strange; however, while we ordered and then ate, the dining room filled up, the music came on, and at least a handful of individuals came through for take out.
The seaweed salad appetizer was plentiful. The pork gyoza was good--could have spent a little more time in the pan. The sushi and sashimi bowl ordered by my table were beautiful in their presentation and overall quite tasty.
Definitely plan to return.
Note: Current promotion is 10% off for dine-in!Sushi here is fresh and delicious. Price just right and service is great. This place is AWESOME!Came for dinner on a Friday night. Cool modern interior. The sushi was delicious, fresh and flavorful, really liked the sushi pizza though it could have been bigger. The rolls were good and came with 8 pieces instead of 6. Very fair prices and a tasty meal, the only complaint is the service was quite slow.I needed to cancel my delivery order because I was tired to waited for the food (2 hours). I tried to call many times for Nori Sushi and they never answered the call. I am very disappointed.I love Nori Sushi! It is new to the neighborhood and it has not disapointed, I have dined in numerous times and never had bad service. The best roll by far (in my opinion) is the blue ocean. ALL of the seafood is very fresh, and good quality. I will absolutely be returning!It's been 2.5+ hour and my food is still not here.  I've called twice and the only response is I get is that they are really busy  and its on the way.  JUST DON'T DO IT!Never order takeout here. They were 50 minutes late. I called three times. Each time the driver 'left 10 minutes ago' but NEVER showed up. Horrible customer service.This is the best sushi place in philly hands down. Everyone is so nice there, especially jenny!! The fish is always so fresh and all the appetizers are very tasty!! Thanks for making us feel so welcome at your restaurant and giving us such a wonderful delivery experience every time we order from you guys! What a great establishment all around!! From your loyal customers, Zach and nicole!My new favorite sushi place in philly!!!!!!!   I'm very picky with my sushi and Japanese food. Trust me,  I've tried many places all over the city.   
I agree with all other 5 starts reviewers.  Fresh fish, great sushi, everything taste great and reasonable price and BYOB. 
Its a cold 7:30pm on Friday night so I ordered delivery.  Food delivered right on time.   I'm writing this review as I'm eating this amazing food.  I'm already plan my order for the next time.    Love love love this place.  Definitely will order from this place again next week. Highly recommendedThis is worth writing my first review, this place was sooooooo bomb!! Service was excellent and the prices were so reasonable! Had to tip them extra because I felt I got to good of a deal. Highly recommend it!!I got the 2 roll lunch special and my tablemate got the 3 roll special. For about $20 we got 5 rolls and 1 salad, 1 soup. They also threw in complimentary mango ice cream, which was very nice of them. I got two veggie options - M.A.C roll (mango, avocado cucumber) and A.A.C (asparagus, avocado, cucumber), and they were as I expected. Definitely a good location for quick cheap sushi.The boyfriend and I stumbled upon this place when driving around Philly. We always look for new sushi restaurants when traveling. Nori has been our favorite by far. It was small, beautifully​ decorated (and very clean). The presentation of the sushi was amazing. The taste was even better. We had a salmon​ appetizer​ that was on the house (nice surprise). Neither one of us consider ourselves fans of salmon and we loved it. It included fresh jalapenos​​s, avocado,​ and a citrus sauce​. We had several sushi rolls and the seafood risotto​. All wonderful. We would highly recommend​ you stopping by and giving Nori a try.​Just opened! Was going to go but ended up ordering takeout. The sushi here is good! About as good as Kei around the corner or Vic's downtown. Had the tri- color sushi entree (3 tuna, salmon, yellowtail) and the 3 roll dinner. Both came with miso soup or salad (as all sushi entrees should). Fish was very fresh and tasted delicious. 
Def fairer priced than Kei, which does not include soup/salad with their entrees. Also a bit more spacious with more modern decor.
Overall, another good sushi addition to the neighborhood- can never have enough good sushi!The lemongrass soup was super salty and bitter. The entree is just below average. We tasted 2 spoons of the soup and threw out the rest. Not to mention the long wait for delivery.Delivery took nearly two hours. Terrible service, made excuses left and right in attempting to explain late delivery.I have not dined in the restaurant yet, but have gotten delivery and I am always pleasantly surprised. I like to get to the point rather than reading through large paragraphs so I will just list my reasons:
1. Quality is good. 
Food is fresh and the rice to fish ratio on the rolls is right.
2. Rolls are cut in 8 pieces
I am that annoying customer that always asks for their rolls cut in 8 pieces, however, this place cuts them in 8 pieces normally.
3.  Delivery is prompt.
I had a party at home with sushi as part of the apps and they delivered right on time.  I also just ordered from there today (during the noreaster Toby- I know I felt terrible) and they delivered within the normal timeframe- to my disbelief. 
4. Prices are reasonable.
Nori Sushi has lunch specials from Monday- Saturday so for all my 9-5ers, you can still enjoy the lunch specials on Saturday.
I am looking forward to visiting this place soon and actually sitting down to eat.  Hopefully I will have a good experience as well dining in!So happy to have a local sushi spot - good service and food. They have sushi as well as cooked food. My husband and I had miso soups plus a mix of sushi and rolls. It was good and average/reasonable prices.Ate here tonight for the first time.  It is a byob.  My husband and I were enjoying some vodka when the waitress came over and poured water in it.  We explained that our water glasses were full and attempted to drink our vodka a second time from a second glasds. AGAIN, the waitress came over and poured water in it again.  They did not seem REMOTELY sorry but rather laughed at their second mistake.  The food was average and we will definitely never go back.  There is a better sushi restaurant between 17th and 18th on South ( a few doors down).Beautiful presentation, fresh ingredients, great service, sexy atmosphere! we even got a delicious seaweed salad as first timers. Great affordable prices with deals you can't get elsewhere. 5/5 no question.I ordered delivery from Nori and everything I ordered arrived prior to the expected time. They also included a crunch salad for free which was really nice. I heard that the fish was really fresh, so I ordered sushi. I got the sushi regular dish and there was good variety, but the sushi was not as flavorful as I was hoping it would be. Sweet potato roll was just ok, although I can't seem to find any sushi place with a good sweet potato roll... 
The dumpling soup was unexpectedly good. There were mushrooms and carrots in the broth too. I think it was best dumpling soup I've ever had!One of the best sushi places in the neighborhood. The fish is fresh, prices are good and they deliver. Just a solid sushi restaurant with no frills.Great Sushi! In Philly for the weekend and found this spot in Yelp! Food and presentation of sushi was superb! I wish I could share a photo but my camera isn't working.Nori sushi is one of the best sushi place I've went to in a while. I love coming here for lunch. Service is prompt and they're very friendly. Sushi is fresh and affordable.This place has very fresh seafood and also great prices! Highly recommended! My favorite sushi place in philly!It was a frigid late-December evening, but considering it was a Thirsty Thursday, you bet that everyone was out! My friends and I went to two other restaurants to be told they were booked full until late-night, and ended up picking Nori Sushi to be our dinner savior. 
We were surprised (and happy!) there was plenty of open tables for us. Our servers were very nice and attentive. We kept asking for tea and spicy mayo at different times throughout our meal and our servers had big smiles when serving us each time.
I had the unagi don and it was on-par with others I've had in the city. Good slices of eel on a big bowl of seasoned white rice, and with a small handful of seaweed salad, pickled ginger, and wasabi. My other friends enjoyed fried rolls and chirashi. Also, BYOB! 
High-spirits throughout the night thanks to the staff and their service!Ambiance attempts at being a little fancy, super clean and staff are sooo attentive. We were given a free app, salmon sushi on orange slices = delish. For entree, we ordered the 10 of sushi dinner with a special roll. It was really fresh and the presentation was on point. Whoops almost forgot to mention - app salad was really big and the soup was great. 
This place is what you dream of in a local sushi restaurant. Lunch specials, byob and fresh. So excited to have them in my hood :)Nori is probably my favorite sushi place in Philly.  I've dined in and ordered takeout at least a dozen times now, and I can definitely say they serve solid sushi and sashimi!
Every time I've eaten Nori, the food/fish is always consistent. I've eaten here for lunch, dinner, and late before they closed, and the quality is the same throughout.  You will get the same quality ordering takeout as you would dining in.  That says so much about this restaurant.
You also can't beat the price for the quality of food you get as well. I recommend sashimi sampler, shrimp tempura app, and you can't go wrong with any of their sushi.  Their salmon sashimi is.....omg.Again, if Yelp allowed for .5 stars, this place would be a 3.5 star place. I ordered the Chirashi to-go from the Yelp app.  The time that Yelp told me that it would be take was about 50-60 minutes, which made me a little sad, but Chirashi (minus the rice) is one of the few things I can eat, on this stupid Whole30 thing that I put myself through. Anyway, it took me about 30 minutes to get there, and I parked in a loading zone (no parking on South Street, sucks), and surprisingly they had my order ready, yay!
The Chirashi was good, not super duper awesome, but not terrible. The portions were generous and I'm sure if I ate the rice, I would be full.  This place will do in a pinch, and fast service is a plus.Fast delivery and fresh food. They were extremely fast in preparing my order. I did order through Grubhub, but delivery was prompt. Not sure who to give kudos to for that one. They also gave me a free crunch salad. It was yummy. I would absolutely order from here again.Decided to try this place out for the first time, and I am impressed. The rolls and the sashimi were fresh and tasted amazing. Would definitely come backMy food just arrived after waiting 1.5 hours. It is a Friday night so I can be understanding, but our waitress did not even check in once to say "sorry" or provide an explanation. Their business appears to cater towards take out orders.  The food is okay. Not amazing, but certainly not terrible. EXTREMELY disappointed.Highly recommended- I ordered delivery last night- they were half an hour EARLY, the delivery man was so nice, the food was fantastic and I look forward to dining in soon!If you're looking for a great value, come here! I highly recommend it if you're looking for a middle of the road sushi place- not too expensive and not too cheap that it's terrible.Love this place,
Sushi is always very fresh the combination of flavors is awesome and they give you 10% if you pay cash.
Finally a great place for sushi in the area.I love this place. Sushi are always fresh and so delicious.  It was my first sushi restaurant when I moved to Philadelphia, I tried different ones after that but I always get back to this one. Employees are super friendly  and service is very fast.Fresh sushi for an amazing price! So many different good chef speciality rolls.  Really good service when I ordered they gave me a complimentary crunch salad.This is adequate, cheap sushi.  Probably best for college students & people that aren't selective about sushi in general.  I'm sure I would have liked it when I was in my 20s.  But after living in Japan for several years & having my eyes opened to high-quality sushi (at all price points), it's tough to get excited about this place.  Sadly, I think you have to pay more to get high-quality sushi in the US...or at least outside of California.I was waking around in central city this afternoon founded this sushi place where located at 16th street and I was attracted by the lovely place!!  So I was decided to got lunch from here . When I opened the menu there's so much delicious food I was noticed one picture from the menu then I was asked the sever what the picture was!   Then I ordered one fireworks and blushing lava! The names tells  it all !!Amazing food and lovely place !! I Must be coming back here for next time and highly recommend this place for who is looking for a lovely place for dating !  Nice for dining in place!There's nice dine in restaurant. The chef seems pretty professional, the mood is quite alright. The fishes are fresh in look and taste. Overall a decent place for a sushi night.Ordered the three roll special for takeout. Had tuna avocado, spicy tuna, and Alaska. Overall it's was really standard sushi- nothing to rave over but fish tasted fresh. Spicy tuna was dried out- probably was mixed together hours before. Wouldn't order that one again.
Quick service, clean restaurant, and fair prices. Love that they have a three roll special. BYO is a plus and atmosphere feels upscale so may be a good date spot.Amazing, fresh sushi! The restaurant was extremely clean and the staff was very nice. The best sushi I have had in Philly in a long time! I would recommend this establishment to friends and will definitely visit again!Got delivery from Nori one night and definitely enjoyed it more than some other sushi we've gotten via Grubhub/Eat24/etc. I got one special roll and a Philly roll - the special roll was definitely better and tasted fresher. 
The menu had a lot of great options for special rolls and other Japanese food. The delivery fee wasn't much and the food arrived on time which is always a plus. Overall I was impressed and would definitely order from Nori again!Been waiting for this place to open up for a while (because the only other local option is Kei and it's not so good). Nori is awesome! Big menu and delicious sushi. Even the California roll is impressive (and it's tough to make a California roll stand out. Very happy with this place.My boyfriend and I ordered the house sushi and it was amazing! He got the Udon soup which he said was delicious and I got the Korean BBQ plate which I was very happy with. We ended the meal with the bomba dessert and we were not disappointed. Will definitely come again!Great new sushi spot.  Love that it's close to home.  Went there for the first time last week.  At first, I kept smelling a mildew rag smell.  It eventually went away.  Took a while for us to get our wine glasses.  
They gave us a complimentary roll which was so nice of them!  Except my friend and I don't eat chicken and there was tempura chicken inside of it.
Agedashi was very good.  Spicy kani salad very good.  I hope they do well as I love having them nearby.Good and neatly made sushi, prompt delivery and decent price for the quality. However last night my 3 year old son took a bite of negimaki and we pulled a long piece of plastic wrap out of his mouth! I'm bummed at that dangerous oversight given we've enjoyed everything else! I also had a raging stomach ache in the middle of the night and was afraid I had food poisoning, however no one else got sick, and to be fair I'd baked a cake earlier and naturally enjoyed some raw batter haha. So I can't be 100% sure it was the fish.I really wanted to like this place but it's nothing more than average. 
We came in on Sunday afternoon, and there were two other tables occupied, along with one waiter.  
We ordered chicken fried rice, the Naruto roll, spicy salmon roll, and one other roll (forget the name). The fried rice was okay, the Naruto roll was literally tasteless even though there was ponzu sauce :(, the salmon roll was decent, and the other roll was good. 
Server was attentive and came by to check on us and filled our waters. 
Clean restaurant.Great little sushi spot on south street. BYO which is nice to keep the cost down. We split the "sushi deluxe" entree as an appetizer, fish was fresh and nicely presented. We had 2 special rolls, both which were very good and unique, which is always a plus for me. Had to 2 basic rolls, baby lobster roll (which is guess is crawfish?) was really good. Only concerns: i felt the rice to be just a tad undercooked for my liking, didn't have that velvet texture I'm seeking for. Service could have a bit more attentive, but they were jammed, and just sat a party of 23 when were about to leave. All in all super solid place, will certainly be back/ordering from here again!Realized after eating here that all of the beautiful pictures of prepared dishes are posted by the business owner. So I feel tricked. The dishes are far from extravagant as advertised. Fresh sushi, average taste.This place is amazing, whether your seat in or have a take out the food is always fresh and delicious. They are very fast in deliveries too. If you a sushi lover, this place definitely must visit.I enlisted a little help with trying to find a sushi spot that would serve the right amount of ambiance and delicious cuisine. Nori Sushi delivered!
I will only touch on the decor and music for a bit because time and attention is definitely needed for the food. The decor was simple yet modern and the music was a unique twist on newer songs.
On to the food...
For appetizers, we ordered the Shrimp Shumai, Fried Calamari, and the Rock Shrimp. These were excellent choices that were fried just right. Often times, I notice there is an excess of grease left on the food and they are not allowed to rest before being served. Nori Sushi has this just right. It was clear the dishes were prepared fresh and allowed to rest so the flavors weren't overwhelmed with the taste of grease. Further, they were flash fried and not allowed to swim for too long. It was my first time having Shrimp Shumai; I highly recommend it. 
Rolls:
Our sushi selection included: Spicy Tuna Roll, Aloha Roll, Holy Crab, and the Spider Roll. The classic Spicy Tuna Roll was good. I was not wow'd or deterred. It was prepared as it should be. No frills. The Aloha Roll, as implied includes some Hawaiian themes (pineapples), was comprised of salmon and tuna. The Holy Crab was filled with crab (soft shell and spicy) wrapped in soy paper. The mango that complimented the roll was sweet yet light. It was probably my favorite roll of the night's selection. The Spider Roll was your classic soft shell crab roll but was prepared perfectly. 
The flavors were delicious and refreshing and the presentation was novel. 
I can't wait to return and try more of the rolls. I would definitely recommend a visit to Nori Sushi or ordering take out, which seemed to be a big hit during our visit. 
Happy eating!Would recommend! I mean, who doesn't love fresh sushi at good prices? 
I had been wanting to check out this place ever since I saw an ad for it on Yelp, and I'm so glad I took my friend here. The interior is spacious, clean, and modern, and they have a great lunch menu. We chose two sets off the weekday lunch menu to share between us: a sushi + sashimi lunch platter for ~$15 and 3 sushi rolls for ~$11, which also included a soup or salad for both of us. 
Everything was delicious, and happily filling! Service was very accommodating and attentive overall, with free hot green tea as well. Also, I found out later, but 10% off dine in if you check in via Yelp. On top of that, if you spend over $20, you get a stamp card where after 10 visits, you get a $20 coupon to the restaurant, so I def plan on visiting again :)Nori has become my favorite sushi delivery spot. My orders always arrive early, and they do your choice of 3 rolls for $15 no matter the day of week or time of day. You get fresh big pieces of fish in their rolls! I like that their maki is 8 pieces instead of other spots that do a skimpy 6. Their sashimi is awesome too. I definitely recommend. I tried their rock shrimp this time around, and that was great as well.Visiting from out of town and stopped in for a quick lunch. Great prices (especially the lunch specials!), nice staff, and QUALITY food.
We had miso, gyoza, and three rolls. All delicious and obviously made with care and quality ingredients.
Wish we were in town longer so I could come back for more. Next time!What do you do when you're too stressed to cook due to 3 months social distancing by yourself, crazy news of your city being burned down and 400 years of racial suppression? Order sushi.
Nori is close to my apartment so I opted for them. They have a little doggy door once you enter the restaurant where they keep the staff totally separated from the customers. My order was done on time and I felt safe picking it up. When I got home, I was happy to find everything just how I ordered it. I'm looking forward to returning during these troubling times, as well as in real life hahaThis place is really loungey and blasts hip hop and R&B. It's super dark in there at night. Overall, the sushi is really solid. Tried the usual staples and a Chef Special roll: spicy tuna, pepper tuna, Alaska roll, and Blushing Lava roll. Cuts of the fish tasted fresh. We also got a tofu udon to try it. The broth is super watery and has no flavor. Overall, this was a good experience, but hard to distinguish with the many sushi spots that are available in the area.Really great lunch specials from Monday through Saturday and also BYOB. Love coming here for lunch!On my walk through the city, I decided I wanted some sushi rolls for dinner. Picked this place out of convenience, ordering the yellowtail/scallion roll and Spicy Girl Roll.  SOOOO good.  I'll be ordering from here again.Great prices for solid sushi in the city. Definitely recommend the sushi for 2 deal! Tons of sushi for a great price. The speciality rolls were by far the best I've had in a while.