Still one of my favorite spots hands down... Atmosphere is great, food is even better... recommend this to everyone that steps foot into Northern Liberties.Time to change up your specials board. Predictable for the last few years now.Oh how i miss you, faithful friend, you might still be my most comfortable and happy spot in Philly. Wings and pork tenderloin and pulled pork and mussels in coconut curry...oh gastro pal, see you as soon as possible...hope everyone checks you out and gets the fish and chips.We came here for brunch because sometimes, the line out the door for "that other place nearby" is just too overwhelming on an empty stomach on a Saturday almost-noon.
They didn't disappoint-- my boyfriend enjoyed his mimosa (though it was very tiny for the price) and his chili and cornbread thing (I forget what it was called), and I settled for the Belgian waffle with chocolate chips and whipped cream. You know, gotta start my day off right with a wholesome, balanced and nutritious meal. (Sometimes chocolate wins).
I would go here again. The seating is nice and cozy, and the staff was friendly. But, it isn't the best brunch I've ever had, and I do have two places I prefer. For a THIRD option though, it's fitting that North THIRD (I kill myself with my own bad jokes!) is right around the corner.great neighborhood pub, where everything exceeds you expectations.  Truthfully nothing pops on the menu, so you usually fall back on a dish that promises mediocrity then ends up delivering the goods. The biscuits and sausage gravy are no joke.  Great beer menu too.Tried a handful of times and it looks nice from the kerb, but frankly doesn't cut it when compared to any number of similar places within a few blocks. The menu was fine but a bit dull, the food quality was fine but not brilliant, mediocre even, the beer selection was fine but pales in comparison to the neighbors. Plus the service was consistently poor, every time.
If you go, it'll be a fine time, it's a nice enough place and most anywhere else in the city would be a solid bar. I've never been for brunch, though, so maybe that's what I'm missing.
Actually, what am I saying...go here, this place is the best, and stay away from the bars I'd rather go to.Best damn biscuits and gravy I have had in a minute -- it came with eggs, potatos, and sausage. 
It came out stupid quick, too.
If I wasn't fighting a cold, I would have tried one of many delicious looking mimosas.still great wings, and Steve, Colin, Nacene and Lisa are all great staff members!North Third is a good old Northern Liiberties standby!  Food is always good, and they take good care of my pooch.  nothing here is ever BLOWING me away, so I am giving it a 3 since there is nothing wrong at all and I strongly recommend this place.  Its just that they don't have a few things that they do better than any place else.
My favorite is the chicken sandwich with guacamole.
Service is always very good, and the food is always good as well - if you are a local this place is a staple, if you are not don't jump in a cab to come all the way over.So, my girlfriends took me out for a pre-bday bar hop and I didn't want to leave this spot. I had so much fun at this bar. The music, ambiance, and drinks were great. We selected the Vegetable Spring Rolls with Sweet Chile Sauce as our appetizer, and I ordered a Blood Orange Margarita. My friends are beer drinkers, which they enjoyed the drinks On Tap. The art decor is amazing, and any man would enjoy the beautiful, nude women plastered on their walls. The bar maid was very accommodating and patient with my friends that wanted to sample the ales. I can't wait to go back to have a meal, and a couple more Blood Orange Margaritas;-)The restaurant itself is cozy, I like the atmosphere, and the service was good...however the food is not great. I came for brunch with friends only 1 dish, the biscuits and gravy, was really good. The rest of us were disappointed. The plates were smaller than expected. The squash soup was not good but they didn't charge me for it which was nice of them.Love this place! Awesome food, drinks, and place to hangout. Also like that I can bring my dog and sit outside on nice days. Casual and fun vibe with great music. The chicken sandwich and the mac n'cheese are my favorites. Service is usually very good. Cool artwork and great specials.My boyfriend and I were enjoying a nice stroll through the Northern Liberties last week when we stumbled upon North Third. I recalled reading several good reviews for it, so we decided to stop in for some light fare and a beer or two. When we entered the place, the first thing I noticed was the amount of light flooding the room. Also, I'm a sucker for exposed brick, so I was quite charmed by its appearance. There were a number of strange things adorning the walls that kept my attention while I was waiting for our food to arrive (that isn't to say that the food took a long time to come out, because it did not).
We were greeted immediately when we walked in the door and seated by a pleasant hostess right by the wide-open window. It was a beautiful day, so it was nice to get a little of the outside inside. Our waiter came by less than a minute later to take our drink order. Since I'm not really a warm-weather-beer fan (wheat beer is definitely not my bag), their tap list wasn't all that intriguing to me. I won't fault them for that, though. They do offer Dogfish Head 60-Minute IPA and Sly Fox O'Reily's Stout as standards, which perked me up a bit, though in the end I decided on a Bell's Two-Hearted Ale, since you can never go wrong with that. 
After dropping off our beers, our waiter took our order. I chose the Tuna Burger and my boyfriend ordered the Pulled Pork Sandwich. We were both pretty impressed with the quality of the food. My tuna burger was moist, perfectly spiced, and delicious (not to mention that it must have been at least half a pound), and I loved the wasabi mayo! Like Meg noted, the fries weren't great, but they were edible at the very least. (I was glad they weren't that good, because there were far too many on my plate and I would have eaten way more than necessary if they had been better.) My boyfriend enjoyed his pulled pork and also commented on the huge portion. Needless to say, we didn't have to worry about lunch the next day. 
Overall, a solid performance from North Third. I wasn't blown away, but I will definitely be back to give it another go.From the outside it looks like your total typical city bar however when you walk inside there are cool trinkets everywhere.  Including 2 flying eagles and pictures or naked people that remind you of karma sutra or titanic.  It has kinda mardi gras theme to it.  Super cool and fun to look at it.
The food is amazing.  I was really surprised with the eclectic menu and all the different offerings they had.  Also you are able to buy a pint glass for $5.  This is actually a deal when you have been drinking for 4 hours there.  lol  They have a great liquor selection.I read all the reviews on YELP before comign here with my girlfriend for dinner. All i can see is HOLY CRAP. The food was orgasmic ESPECIALLY the baked macaroni and the drinks were fun. I would def come backThis is a cool little spot! Went with some friends here on the fly. Nice beer selection. Really good food. I had a burger of some sort, I don't remember what but I do remember liking it a lot. It also had a really nice look and layout. Clean, good flow. Staff were nice as well.
This is a great place to get a lunch, late lunch or start/end a night. It's comfy and cool.
Not really much else to say other than go. You'll be happy you did.Went a couple weeks ago, sorry for the late add. Overall I don't give many 5 star reviews but everything was excellent.
Beer selection is top notch. They have local brews plus a few Cali beers. Had 2 diff IPA,both excellent.
Dinner was fantastic and our server was on point and super sweet. Ordered steak frite and was so delicious. Flank steak cooked to a perfect mid rare covered in gravy along with some delicious homemade fries. 15 minute in I saw a Mac n cheese go past our table and I just had to order. Tremendous move! Some of the best I have EVER had, strongly recommend. 
Overall a great joint, cool vibe ( band of horses album was on) and excellent prices for fresh delicious food.I don't live too far from N 3rd but tend to avoid it when I can in the evenings when I just want to sit at a bar and socialize.  Brunch on the other hand has always been fantastic!  The chili served over eggs and jalapeo corn bread is one of my all time favorite dishes!  There's a photo of it in their description above.  
I've taken my family here when they visit for brunch a couple times already and everyone has been happy [and stuffed] when we left.I recently dined here with a good friend visiting home and we wanted a quick bite to eat before heading out to our evening's soiree. At first i was a bit skeptical cause a lot of places in northern liberties are overpriced, overhyped and overcrowded. however when we came in we were quickly seated, the service was excellent and OMG the food. i ordered the ribs and fixins and was NOT dissapointed, especially the collard greens tasted almost like my late grandmother's did - that's a plus cause not many trendy restaurants can do soul food that tastes authentic IMHO.
the beer selection was good and the waiter was very knowledgeable about them and helped us make our choices. i enjoyed my plate and i sampled some of my friend's plate (pork tenderloin and shaved asparagus...awesome i need to know how to shave asparagus so i can experience that pleasure at home) and i enjoyed all of it so much! in fact i looked at the plates of the couple next to us and wanted that fried chicken salad as well...in fact i'd be willing to come back to try EVERYTHING on the menu cause the food was that good. unfortunately or fortunately we didnt have room for desserts..oh well...
the decor rocked, it was early dusk and the ambience and lighting just worked for the mood. if it werent for the fact that my friend was a married female and i'm straight - it'd be a perfect date! in fact i think i will try dating again JUST SO i can get the dude to take me here!
i am leaving off a star because the music got way loud on occasion...i like good music like the next person but i'd like to enjoy the convo of someone i dont see too often as well!I like this place..not in love with the service, but the food is comforting and affordable. The chicken Cobb is delicious.
Usually parking is good and the atmosphere is nice. Some patio seating available; well stocked bar.Busy chilly night 
Pulled pork sammie made me burn 
Cool visceral vibe 
Talk about nick of time. We got there just in time to be able to switch from a tiny two top, to a much cozier booth just before the bus pulled up and filled N. 3rd to the gills...well, no bus was seen, but it filled up quick. Be warned, I don't think this is a random occurrence. :) 
I love the look of this place. Low lit, exposed brick, adorned by an eclectic array of art that runs the gamut from nude paintings of varied talent to small mixed media pieces. 
There really wasn't anything on the menu I wasn't interested in trying and in the end I settled on the pulled pork spare rib sandwich with horseradish sauce. While incredibly delicious it did give me the worst heartburn ever (I realize this is hard to lay at the feet of the sandwich, but all I can say is I rarely get heartburn...) 
Service was polite and attentive. Nothing stood out extra special or glaringly wrong, which is in my opinion the text book definition of how service should be. 
Big kicker was my new favorite beer, Bells Two Hearted Ale, was a dollar cheaper than at Good Dog (sorry to throw you under the bus, I still luv ya GDB) 
Like the four stars say, "Yay, I'm a fan"I like North Third. I don't love it.
If North Third were home decor, would it be wallpaper. Tasteful wallpaper, but after a few days you wouldn't really notice it anymore, it would just be there.
The food is good and they have a good selection of beers, but there isn't anything that separates them from every other Norther Liberties bar/restaurant. I'll find Standard Tap, North Third and Johnny Brenda's pretty interchangeable. I usually bounce to which ever one I can get a seat at first.Of your looking for a pub or your looking for a really good meal with a casual atmosphere.  This is the place. 
I had probably the best short rib sandwich I have ever had. Beer selection was good and everyone was friendly.
They also had desserts that supported the Children's Hospital of Philadelphia.  What better reason to eat an ice cream sundae.I cant say enough great things about this place . I been coming here for years and the service and food is always too notch. The food is always consistent even after all these years. It's a really cool place with a great atmosphere.North Third has all the trappings of a future hot spot of mine; super awesome beer list, decent wine list for when the mood strikes, and a good balance of bar vs. real food.  The decor is also super cool...kind of a mix of pirates, skulls, & eagles.  I'm down.  
They also have an adorable outside area to eat.  The salad I ordered (chile glazed chicken salad) was right on.  I will be back my friends!To me, this place almost epitomizes Northern Liberties.  Trying to raise the standard of its "better than your average bar/restaurant" feel, N. 3rd. has maintained an ecclectic menu, and kept a stronghold on a certain indie nonchalance that keeps the tightly tapered jean wearing population coming back for more.
It fits in perfectly as one of the cornerstones of an area that is coming into its own, while keep that street cred going.  And what I mean by street cred is, whatchosef at night, because a couple of blocks away you may still get mugged.
My favorite meal here is brunch, where there's actually some natural light coming through enabling you to see across the rooms.  I've even been lucky enough to dine on a morning that bread pudding was on the dessert menu.  If you see it, order it.  It's otherworldly.North 3rd Score: 17
Burger Quality: 4
Bun: 3
Fries: 3
Extras:  3
Value: 4
2 Sentence Review: Decent burger, hip atmosphere.  Go there with confidence but prepare to wait
------------------------------------------- 
How does Burger Einstein's rating system work? 
- Burgers are rated across 5 categories (see below) 
- Category scores can range from 0 to 5, with 5 being "Outstanding".   
- Total score (out of 25) is determined.  Scores above 20 earn 5 Stars (rare), between 16 and 20 gets 4 stars and so on 
Burger Einstein Categories 
1. Burger Quality: Good meat or Bubba Burger? 
2. Bun: Does it compliment the burger or overwhelm it?   
3. Fries: Do I accept the guilt or compare them to my Ex 
4. Extras: Wild card.  Could range from Cheese to bourbon to atmosphere 
5. Value: Burger cost relative to smiles (heavily influenced by how much bourbon I drink)I usually wait to try a place a couple of times before writing a review, since it can temper and balance a really great or really shitty experience. But there are other times when a place is just so solid that it's obvious you don't need to think about it. Thats the case with North 3rd. 
From the minute I walked in the door when a friendly waitress showed me to a seat at the back bar to the minute I left with the bartender shaking my hand, the service was super awesome. The place is cozy with relatively low ceilings and multiple rooms (I love places with several small rooms, dunno why, a sense of discovery, I guess) They kind of have a gothic thing going on with all kinds of gargoyles and devils all over the place and that adds to the cool ambience. his would bejust as good for a date as it would be to hang out and have some beers (as I did). 
And the food is quite good. I had the crispy chicken sandwich and several beers as I watched my nightmare scenario of the St. Louis Cardinals winning the World Series unfold. The grilled toasted bread had an ethereal quality that brought it above and beyond regular ol white bread, and the panko crusted chicken was the perfect thickness. The bacon and avocado and toppings were equally delicious. And finally FINALLY I found a place here that has perfect hand-cut belgian style fries. The spicy garlic mayo that comes with them is reason enough to go back right now. 
I was kind of waiting to check this place out because I knew it was good (sounds counter-intuitive, I know) but I'm glad I finally made it here. Needless to say, I'll be going back fairly often.Consistently very good casual upscale pub comfort food in a dark, funky, fun environment. I've eaten here and hung out here quite a bit working very nearby for years, and have never had a bad experience. Prices are very reasonable for lots of tasty, filling grub. Great chef has not tried to overdue it and delivers great flavor in anything on the menu. Daily specials don't change often, but are a great extension of the full-time menu. 
Has a small front bar and small back bar each with it's own dining room hooked into some quality background music. This is Philly so there's TVs in both rooms which usually show local sports and have people casually or attentively watching. The crowd is mixed with hipsters, artists, musicians, couples, small groups of locals and visitors, and usually more than enough eye candy working or hanging out. 
Service is always friendly, professional, and attentive in a casual, welcoming manner. The owner and his family have been in the neighborhood forever and they run other successful businesses as well including Silk City, which is worth checking out as well. 
Street parking with a block or two usually isn't too difficult. Some streets are two hour parking some streets aren't. They serve food until 1am any night, which is a beautiful thing, unless they're dead and close early. This place gets a decent crowd most any night of the week and has a good amount of sidewalk seating.
A great hangout spot for food and drinks any time of day.I was here with a group of eight people, and we were seated quickly, as the restaurant was almost empty at 10:30 on a Saturday morning.  Everything that was ordered was good, according to the others at my table.  I ordered the breakfast burrito, which was a reasonable size and tasted good, and among the favorites at my table, were:  a special item having to do with fried chicken, and the biscuits and gravy, which was VERY heavy, but super good if you're sharing, or if you have a big appetite.  The atmosphere is cool, and the decor is funky and fun.  Give it a try!I've been here a few times and the service is really hit or miss. Sometimes it's taken up to 45 minutes to get my food. If you do decide to go here though, their Thai chili wings are phenomenal!This is a great location for Sunday brunch. If you want to avoid long lines at other nearby restaurants/bars, this is a great alternative. Low key, not too crowded, and a diverse menu. They serve a terrific mulled wine.I've been back several times now and can say the food is consistently delicious. And now after trying various brunch cocktails -- amazing! -- who needs to go wait for an hour or more down the block at Honey's?North Third is that perfect neighborhood bar. It has a good drink, wine and beer list while also managing to have some great bar food and a cool atmosphere. 
Try the brussel sprouts, they're to die for!!!
Stop by if you're in the neighborhood!
I'll be back!Delicious food! What a cool atmosphere too. Lots of   Neat artwork and such a jivey place.
Staff is extremely proactive, fills glasses without you noticing, takes dirty dishes etc... 
Not going to lie I had a mean hangover and the Pimms cup this morning took the 50LB weight out of my head. Chicken and waffle was awesome, spicy rub on the chicken gave it great flavor. Will be back!North Third was exceptionally accommodating to last minute party of 12. Everyone was very friendly and helpful. The food is delicious too!N. 3rd is a hoot. There are multiple different dining areas you can choose to sit in, and each one has a slightly different and increasingly unsettling theme. 
The specials are totally rocking. The food was great and dinner portions were generous. Enjoyed the beers & cider on the menu. The service was spot on. My date was cute too. ;) 
If I could do it over, I wouldn't do anything differently. Not even sitting right underneath a 5'x5' painting of breasts on what was approximately a third date.I live only a few blocks away from North Third but had not ventured in until last night. Based upon Yelp reviews it sounded like a great place to take my visiting guests, but this proved to be a poor decision. Upon arriving, our group of four noticed a four top table outside that was empty, and only needed to have the dishes cleared. Upon asking the hostess if we could claim the table, we were told another party had already laid claim to it.
The restaurant was only filled to perhaps one half to one third capacity, and there did not appear to be any party waiting in the foyer or at the bar to be seated, so I am not exactly who this outside table was being reserved for. Having settled for indoor seating, we were marched through the restaurant to the secondary seating area. We noticed upon walking into this area that there were several tables by the front windows, allowing for a nice view, even if not on the outside. Instead, we were seated at a table in the very rear of the restaurant immediately next to the bathrooms, despite a half empty dining room. We again felt somewhat slighted. We were a group of well behaved professional adults, and felt that for some reason we were being tucked away out of view for some reason.
Despite our displeasure at the service so far, we decided to order drinks and numerous appetizers for sharing. These included the tuna ceviche, hummus platter, margherita pizza, eggplant fries, an order of "homemade" pierogis and vegetarian spring rolls. Once the food arrived, unfortunately, our experience at North Third did not improve.
While I will not say that the food was awful, it was certainly not good. The pierogis were plain and tasted no better than store bought frozen pierogis. The hummus too was simple and bland and compares with any store bought product. The margherita pizza was unseasoned and slightly burnt, and the spring rolls were mediocre at best. The only food item everyone seemed to enjoy were the eggplant fries.
These were hardly complex dishes to prepare but North Third managed to ruin all but one. With all of the local competing restaurants to choose from in Northern Liberties, it is hard to believe that this one has managed to stay in business if this is the best they can do. From start to finish this was a poor dining experience and I would surely never recommend this restaurant or return in the future. With so many other great dining options available in the area, I would suggest dining elsewhere.Unreal brunch specials. I happened upon the Ballpark Special and teamed it with a nice hoppy beer (from their amazing draft selections). I'll definitely go back to this place when I return to Philly. If they don't have the same special, I'm more than confident in their regular menu items that I drooled over when scoping out the plates of other diners. This looks like a great local find for just hanging out for a drink at night too.The food is AMAZING!!! I had a female server I am not sure her name but I know she told me she has an 11month old son! she was an AWESOMEEEE server me and my friend did not feel rushed and we were sitting for a long time. Great food and I love the dark environment as well!wings! wings! wings!.. they have the  mostest kickest ass wings in philadelphia in my opinion... famous and asian there is a rumor real asians r used in the asian style....i usually roll w/ the famous which r  serve w/ good chunky blue cheese not the watered down shit that resembles  tooth paste spit up...they have a good burger  and  i think the best beer selection in northern libs ( they favor belgiums)..their menu is all over the place:  shrimp dumpings, pierogies, steamed edamame, etc and a sunday brunch...and they rank from ok to good ...but i always grab the wings.. i really like the place's setup...gets a bit dark at night  though..but it's all bout the wings..did i mention i like the wingsAs a bar this place is great... But I can't say I'm crazy about the food ( at least the vegetarian options)....after running in the susan g. komen race for the cure* this past mother's day, my friends and i were in need of some serious sustenance. figuring every place in fairmount was going to be swamped, we headed across town to northern liberties. first attempt: honey's. 1 hour wait for a 6-top? not today, thanks. second attempt: north third. seated immediately? indeed!
coffees were ordered all around, with half of our table also indulging in the most veggie-riffic bloody marys i've ever seen. it's pretty much a salad with a garnish of drink...in a good way. the sweet potato and pear soup special sounded too good to pass up, especially on a cold morning, so sue G and i decided to share a bowl...with an extra spoon for michelle C to dig on in, too! it was sweet, creamy, delicious and a generous sized portion. totally hit the spot.
there were other tasty sounding brunch specials, but for my main course, i went with an ol' N. 3rd fave: the mushroom omelet. packed with portabellas, spinach and goat cheese (and served with a side of potatoes and fruit), this omelet never fails to disappoint. truth be told, the only disappointment was in myself, for not being able to finish it. another bummer: when the boy cut in to his roasted tomato omelet (from the specials list), the center was cold. however, once our server was informed of this, she apologized for the kitchen's oversight, whisked away his plate and returned with some properly heated huevos in no time flat.
*coincidentally, we were seated in front of the infamous boob painting in the back dining room. first we ran for boobies...then we brunched with them (o)(o) !North Third is the place to go to if you're looking to have a couple drinks and grab dinner in Northern Liberties.  It has an identity crisis.  The restaurant is decorated with Mexican and Americana art.  It doesn't really go together, but that's the beauty of this joint.  There is always something new to see on their walls.
The drinks and food menus are fantastic.  There have a nice selection of bottles and rotating drafts.  They have lots of different options for vegetarians and meat eaters.  I had the Asian Spiced Tuna Burger.  It had greens, wasabi mayo and ginger dressing on it, which really complimented the tuna.  The fries that came with the burger were spiced just how i like them.  My entire meal tasted super fresh.  I'm very happy this bar is in my neighborhood :)North 3rd fell out of our rotation for a while. But our meal tonight reminded us of why we loved it so much. Tomato soup with grilled cheese, tuna sandwhich...both so yummy.  And the wait staff is the BEST.I came here with a couple of my friends and love it.  The bar food was awesome, and the crowd was lively.  I had their famous wings, calamari, and mussel in spicy thai cocconut.  The wings are some of the best I have had in philly.  The calamari was not as crunchy as I would have liked so that was the only thing that did not make this a 5 star.  The mussel was so flavorful.  I wish I could replicate it.  I also love their decorations.  So random, a giant eagle and some lucha libre wrestlers figurines.  This is a Northern Liberties must.I did not have a good experience here for Sunday brunch at all. The service was poor. It was very crowded but their is no excuse mediocre service. The food was very average and the portions were small. First time I can remember leaving a restaurant hungry. The coffee was good, yet it was served cold. With the other local amazing options, I won't be returning.Yay! I'm a fan. North third hit the spot after failing to eat at Standard Tap. We wondered down a few blocks from 2nd to 3rd and were very pleased with what we got. Yummy pergogies loaded with carmelized onions. The wings were cooked perfectly with just the right amount of spice. I went big and went with their burger topped with chedder, carmelized onions and a fried egg. It was to die for. Cooked to my perfection and topped with the perfect bun. Service was on point and very attentive. I loved the vibe of this place too. A little bit of everyone patronizing this fun little corner spot in No. Libs. I will definitely be back.Usually love this place, but lately the service sucked! And god forbid you try to order for pickup they are so rude OR put you on hold for the rest of the night! I understand it's a mostly eat in restaurant but your food is good, people are going to want it to go if they've had a long day. But that is just not okay with the servers/bartenders answering the phone. Straight attitude. But if you do eat there, pierogies are your best bet.I used to come here every Tuesday night for Fancy Pants Cinema, which is like an open mic night for amateur filmmakers. Everything I have had from the food menu is fantastic, the burgers, salads, and pizzas are all amazing. The front room gets a little loud but I love the back room especially when the weather is nice and the front doors are wide open. Went back for the first time in a while last night and the service was incredibly fast considering how busy the place was. This is one of favorite spots for a casual date in the city.Shared two apps- pork carnets and calamari. Both flavorful and plentiful.  The tuna burger medium rare was absolutely delish, while hubby enjoyed the fried fish BLT.  I really like this menu and can't wait to come back to sample the Cobb salad, mussels etc.  Service quick and friendlyLove this place for date night.  Really intimate setting and outdoor seating too when it's nice out.  The only thing on the menu we can go off of is the fish sandwich. It's beyond amazeballs! Everytime we go it's a special on the menu but it never leaves the menu thank goodness. The drinks are strong so prepared to be plastered.They have the best wings and Mac and cheese I've ever had. Cocktails are great and service is quick. Easily my favorite restaurant in northern liberties.Had dinner at North Third on Saturday. Pretty extensive menu of sides & apps but was pretty disappointed with the vegetarian entree options. By default I had the flatbread pizza appetizer for my entree and it was quite delish. Split some splendid chocolate bread pudding for dessert. Drink menu was excellent and was impressed by the service. Great meal, but probably won't be back for dinner due to the lack of vegetarian entrees. There are much more accommodating restaurants of the same caliber in that neighborhood. 
I've heard their brunch is fantastic so hopefully I can give that a whirl sometime....Leaving the door open for an improved rating as 3 seems a little low perhaps.When a place This Good Exist with Continued Great Efforts of Perfection the only thing U Need to Say Is............5 Stars PlusI hate when ONE waitress ruins an entire restaurant for me. The server I had here just rubbed me the wrong way. She didn't seem genuine. She was also condescending. People might say that your servers attitude shouldn't matter but once you have had AMAZING service, you can't go back! A good waiter/waitress can even make the food taste better. 
Now food wise...this place does not have many vegetarian options. But the salad I had was delicious. And the mac and cheese was pretty yummy too. And my meat eating friends seemed to really enjoy their meals.The best spot to eat. I Always get the mussels; Mac & Thai wings; salmon and dying to try the pulled pork sandwichim sure this place is great if you go at the right time, but i went at 3pm just as brunch was ending and i got what tasted like microwaved food for a high price.Bar was decent. We came here with a group of about 10. We ordered food and drinks. They had American Ninja Warrior on the TV and me and my friends made a  few comments on the program. The bartender said " Are you guys gonna keep commenting? Because that's kind of annoying" I thought it was odd, considering  they put it on the tv. My friends said some m of the other bartenders were rude to them when they were  ordering food, tooBest bar food in Northern Liberties.  Live down the street from North Third and this is our go to spot when we want a good meal close to home.  Food is always consistently good.  Great beer selection and cool atmosphere.  Everything on the menu is good, but some favorites are the thai mussels and thai wings. Brunch has proven to be delicious as well!Really enjoyed this place. Very hip and casual atmosphere-- just what I wanted for a laid back dinner with my boyfriend:)  Service is prompt and the food is great. Music selection and decor is very eclectic, which is always fun and makes the place all the more "Northern Liberties," right? I say definitely check this place out!9:39 PM on a Sunday night and there is a toddler sitting at the bar in a bar stool. Hard passGreat atmosphere- has a New Orleans feel to it... Relaxed place to grab a drink or some food. Food is decent, I wasn't blown away but it's good when you're hungry and need some substance. They serve food until later than most places in the hood. Always an interesting crowd.Best Hummus! You can't go wrong with anything offered off their menu and the Margaritas are so good! I wish we had one in Passyunk Square!Yesterday, around noon, my husband and I decided to give in to our hunger pangs and headed out in search of brunch. We hopped on our scooter, and zipped down to NoLibs with no particular plan in mind. When we saw North Third, I told him to pull over; I didn't even know the name of the place yet, but it looked inviting and the sandwich board out front read "BRUNCH" in big neon letters. 
Well, that was a 5-star brunch if I ever had one. I had smoked salmon & spinach eggs benedict, and it was fabulous... So many of the things I love in one pile of deliciousness. Nice touches were that the potatoes come with onions (I hate when places charge extra for that, it's a matter of principle) and the platters come with fresh fruit.
My husband had, are you ready for this?, scrapple-stuffed french toast, topped with 2 fried eggs, with potatoes on the side. WHOA. Yes, this was a special on the board. Being from Bucks County in a part-PA Dutch family, I grew up on scrapple. I thought I knew all I needed to know about this delightful meat-ish delicacy, but NO. Scrapple is beyond fabulous sandwiched between thick slices of sweet french toast.
We both cleaned our plates, and I had to resist the urge to high-five the patrons at the next table in my excitement over how successful an experience North Third brunch proved to be. 
I will be back, and next time I will order one of their delicious-looking bloody marys!This place is the go-to. Large menu and always a lengthy specials menu to go along with it. Bar service is excellent thanks to Alex, who will happily make you a mean Bloody Mary at 9 PM on a Thursday. My favorite local spot so far!The food was very good .... but didn't match the hype of the people in the neighborhood that love this place .... I love the eggplant  fries.    Our waitress was personable  and great and the place is adorable .... good for a cute night out ....In principle, this place is great. The menu items all sound tasty and are creative and varied with the occasional fancy unrecognizable ingredient thrown in. You know, that random thing like lovage, idiazabal, or guanciale that makes you wonder, but you're too embarrassed to ask. They do that here, but not to an annoying degree. 
In practice, this place is... fine. The ambiance is fine, service is fine, everything is fine. The food tastes fine and is generously portioned, but I just don't think it has that je ne sais quoi (literal translation: I just don't think it has that I don't know what. Everything sounds better in French). I'm not sure what it is, but the food just doesn't really wow me. 3.5 stars.Good brunch spot. We tried the chicken and waffles, eggs bene, burrito, and bourbon st. Bene. All were very delicious! Decent prices for large portions - we are all stuffed!The place has everything: neighborhoody, eclectic decor, and tasty food. But to top it all, they passed the supreme test: fish is not fried in their fish tacos. Bravo!This is one of my favorite restaurants and has been since 2012 I believe. In 2013 I had anyone who asked me on a date take me to this place. I love their steamed clams they are my favorite, best clams I have ever had. So much flavor and the portion is a nice size to share. I also recommend their scallops and steak frites. I can't remember the drink I had but it was pretty refreshing it was some
Cucumber gin drink... really tasty. I love love love their bread pudding. It's delicious. 
I love the decor, it's really funky and the atmosphere is calm and cool. 
Two very enthusiastic thumbs up!we were told the wait for honey's a few blocks away was going to be an hour so we said suck it and moseyed here for very tasty breakfast burritos with black beans, not super great but still good potatoes (I would suggest maybe not including an entire bough of rosemary), surprisingly serviceable coffee, no wait for a brunch table midday on a sunday, and most importantly an absolutely SMOKINGLY tasty waiter. who is that guy? woof. I think the food was pretty good but can't really recall because I entered a fugue state when this dreamboat cleared my plate. damn you philly!!Solid bar/restaurant. Often gets overlooked to Honeys for brunch (for good reason - Honeys is awesome) but still offers some great options and plenty of booze. There is lots of seating inside and outside, so usually there's no wait.
Thai chili wings are a must try. Breakfast burrito is solid (get it with Chorizo). Huevos rancheros are good too --- also ask for Chorizo on top.Alright, I get that northern liberties is cool. Hell, I live right next to it. I even appreciate its uniqueness. I like the attempt to flip over a neighborhood, I like the vibes, and I enjoy lots of the diversity. With diversity, comes really awesome food. 
I have been to some awesome places around this area. This place, however was just alright. 
We came on one of the coldest nights in December with a few friends. The layout is fun, the decor is interesting, and even the staff was pretty attentive. 
I've only been here once, so I maybe another shot is in order. However, my food was sub-par. I ordered a burger upon recommendation from the server as "the best thing ever". I loved his enthusiasm, but it really wasn't for me! 
The beer list is stacked, and I really REALLY like the vibe, so 3 stars for that. Skip the food and go for some drinks and good tunes.This spot is one of my favorites in northern liberties.  A TON of beers, and pretty solid food.  I've also never had a bad experience service wise.  I would suggest it if you were with a group of friends and just want a casual night.I heard about North Third through yelp. Most of the reviews were positive so I was looking forward to checking it out. I went on a Saturday night. Surprising it was not crowded. The atmosphere was really nice.  It was really dark and cozy. The music was great also. The staff was friendly and not over barring. I hate when I'm out with my lady and employees are constantly interrupting our conversation. I know they mean well but it's still annoying.  The food was excellent. I had the crispy chicken sandwich with fries. My girlfriend had a bacon cheese burger topped with a fried egg and bacon. She had no complaints. The drinks were more than reasonably priced. A little more ice in the drink than needed but that's an easy fix. I will most certainly be back. Their brunch looks good so I'll probably try that next. There's nothing else that really can be said that other yelpers have not said already. Great place, highly recommend it if your in the northern liberties area and enjoy a mature crowd good food and drinks.Amazing food!!!! Every time I come here to eat the food is always great. I normally get the crispy chicken sandwich or go with the wings. But today I finally tried there chicken and waffles and it was really goodAfter climbing I was craving a cobb salad. I yelped "cobb salad" near my current location and North 3rd appeared. How could I have forgotten!!?!??!
Needless to say, I ordered it and was in heavennnnn! So so so so good. The chicken is perfection. The dressing is outstanding. I can't wait to eat the other half of it tomorrow!
Oh also--my husband got the Braised Shortrib Special Sandwich--all we can say is we sandwish it were permanently on the menu! Holy cow was it good. Outstanding.
Service was great, too!!Been coming here for the last like 10 years definitely my favorite restaurant/bar in Philly. Always consistent.  Food  & drinks are amazing. The crispy chicken sandwich is my go to dish.Another great dinner at N 3rd last night. Great place, servers, food and ambiance. Other than always being a little loud in the restaurant, we have never had a bed meal and always have had a great time there. Prices are very good, all four of us had the specials, the pasta and meatballs were top notch. We will always come back for more!