Full disclosure I'm friends with the Amy S. who recently posted a review here. We're on a quizzo team that has been playing at North Star Bar fairly regularly since last fall.
I'll keep this review short and sweet, but I just wanted to reiterate Amy's comments about the waitstaff on Monday (quizzo) nights. Erin and Stephen (Steven?) are typically the only two waiters on Monday nights, and the place gets packed for quizzo, but they are always super friendly and on point. 
When the menu got completely redone (a big improvement btw) a couple of weeks ago, both of them came up to me individually, expressed concern that what I usually order was no longer on the menu, and made suggestions based on what I used to order from the old menu.  So not only did the remember what I usually get, but without me even having to ask they were making recommendations for what I might like on the new menu.  
The food is decent, and the new menu especially is an improvement, but my 5 star rating is 100% due to the service we get every week from Erin and Stephen (sp?).Great spot indeed... like a few things about this place for different reasons and at different times... I've been to shows here and have had amazing times... also love to shoot pool here during their bangin happy hours! Last time I was in here was awhile ago I but none the less a memorable time at happy hour- unaware of the band that was packing in early for sound check I turn around to walk out and catch a smoke when Tom Morello was walking in playing with his solo project The Nightwatchmen!QUIZZO QUIZZO QUIZZO!  We have a great time here playing quizzo with friends.  The happy hour prices are really good for beer and $.50 wings are sadly now the norm... but still a good price.  The teriyaki flavor is our favorite very sweet and savory.  The beer selection is very crafty, just check the big chalk board and get your selection at a decent price.My fiance and I absolutely love to  go to the North Star! The food is delicious, in particular the Beer Muscles! The bar always has a rotating tap of strong & tasty beers, no Miller or Bud here! The servers & bartenders are very friendly & helpful. Absolutely, positively check out the North Star!I like the North Star. Good beers on draft, killer happy hour specials and good music. The wings and sandwiches are tasty as well. Comfortable and just a tinge divey.I really like this place but i'm trying to give away less 5 stars review to boost my cred on this Yelp service. So yeah I recommend the happy hour half price craft drafts and appetizers. The fries are fantastic.I am a musician and play at North Star frequently.  Always love playing shows there.  Huge stage, good sound guys, quality acts.  Sound quality in the audience really depends on where you stand, but watching from the balcony is a cool view.  Always great beer on tap.  Food when I've had it is pretty good.  I really want to get to a happy hour at some point.In followup to Jan T below regarding band startup times: 
I just called to try to pin them down on a startup time, was extremely persistant yet kind to the employee I spoke to, and learned that they are absolutely forbidden, and resistant, to putting out that information.  The message is" we don't know anything, we cannot tell you if there are any opening acts, we don't want to give you any helpful clue whether the act you want to see will be on stage before midnight on a worknight, because, frankly, we'd like all of you to show up at 8 pm when we list the starting time so you will spend money on drinks and food all night"  This is a SHITTY ATTITUDE and UNJUSTIFIABLE in light of the fact that a fairly hefty cover charge exists.  Why not just f--'in helping out your customer a little with information that you obviously possess?  Why all the secretism?  As if you didn't negotiate a start time with your band?  I play in a band and know damned well that DOES NOT HAPPEN.  
They need to cut the Bullshit and just be honest.A great place to see a show and have some beers!  Its a pretty big place and I have never been there where its felt overly packed or taken to long to get a drink.  The people who work there are really cool too.  Sound is kind of crappy otherwise I'd give this place 5 stars.So I headed to this place last Thursday and was greeted with the typical 'ID?' It was going to be my first visit tagging along with some friends who frequent there. But no go as the sad loser at the door decides to stop me claiming my ID was not on his 'special list' of permitted IDs. It was an Australian driver's licence with the full photo sch-bang... And in my 13 months in Philly my 'authentic' ID has never been an issue in any bar... for goodness sake it allows me to get on planes and fly interstate..! This deuchbag at the door goes on to tell me that I need my passport instead..(what a ridiculous notion--- it's a dive bar!! as if I would wander around with my passport!!) and tell me about how he can end up in jail with a $5000 fine if he let's me in....(here's a nickel.. tell someone who cares...). Seriously, does this entail this loser's one moment of excitement for the day? Ok- so my bug bear is with this clown and not the bar itself as I never did get to have a 'non-alcoholic lemonade' there...Worst service ever. Then for a part of three 25% gratuity was added. When we asked the server, his response was " I don't know I can't remove it the computer does it" the worst service I have ever received. This place used to be awesome a year ago.Why have I not try this place until now. It's more of a dive bar feel with gourmet food.  A couple of friends referred this place and I was sold when they said food is really good. I went and I got carded. The bouncer not only carded me but asked if anyone in the bar could vouch for me. I was like this is crazy. I am 34 and look no where under 21. His announcement was funny. I walked back to my business and grabbed my I'd. Went back because I had a couple of clients waiting for me there. I sit. Ordered drinks. And ordered the chicken baguette sandwich w/fries. This sandwich looked ordinary. But boy was I wrong. It was amazingly good. I shared this sandwich and wish I never did. I wanted to the whole sandwich after the first bite. The fries are fresh cut fries not the frozen stuff. I couldn't believe how wonderful the food was. A couple of days later I ordered the food to go. I got the same sandwich, Mac and cheese and fish and chip. So, so good!
Everyone should try this local gem but be sure to bring ID. They take carding to the next level. They also have a side parking lot. That was a plus. But I walk because it is around the corner from my business.I spent a rainy Sunday evening in the North Star Bar with my friend Leanimal, her roommate and a local drunk named Al playing cards.  There was some live music going on in the other room, but from what we heard calling it 'music' is a bit generous, although the people preforming were most definitely alive.
As far as dive bars go this one had no special characteristic (besides the live 'music,' I guess) to separate it out from all the other dives along Poplar street.  I will say they were letting underage kids in to go to the show, which does give them some extra dive-bar points, but not enough to push it over the top.  
Since we were playing cards, Leanimal kept trying to turn the lights up, and the waitress kept dimming them.  Which we did not understand, because we were the only people in the bar who were not at the 'concert.'  After a few rounds of this game the waitress finally told us that the owner has cameras all over the place and watches the feed at his house, and he was calling in and saying that the lights in the back were too dim.  WTF?  The owner of the bar sits at home and watches live feed of the back room of the bar?  I'm guessing some pretty shady stuff goes on here after closing hours.
The PBR pounders were cheap and the french fries were greasy, but there is really nothing too spectacular about this place to warrant a return visit.
Oh, also, their website claims that they are 4 blocks from the Philadelphia Art Museum.  If by 4 they really mean 15 then they are correct.The craft beer selection is a perfect fit for this hipster dive bar meets underground music venue.  I've had the opportunity to see some of the best performances from some of my favorite bands here.
It's small enough to provide some of the most intimate performances yet large enough to carry the sound.  I honestly can't think of a better venue I would want to see a band.  My hat is off to you North Star.  Keep on rockin!The most impressive thing about this "gourmet dive" bar and music room is the caliber of acts it manages to attract to its fairly small stage.  Some pretty big or buzzy names play here (Wino, J. Mascis, Watt), albeit sometimes with a lineup or experimental project that's not the big concert draw for the particular act (but if you're a fan you don't care, of course).  The ticket prices aren't bad, the sound is OK and the bar is decent enough that if you're a bit of a beer geek like me you can find something ok to drink, although the selection doesn't knock my socks off.  
They also serve food but to be honest, unless I needed a bite before the show or cheese fries during, I probably wouldn't drive all the way into this neighborhood just to eat.  The block the North Star is on is OK (and appears to have gotten better over the last few years), but there are still plenty of shady looking blocks around, and given that the North Star parking lot is small and often gets full, finding parking on the very narrow parked-up surrounding streets can be difficult.  There are lots of good places to chow down that are easier to access.  And the food itself, while again, decent, isn't showstopping - it's just bar food, kind of gussied up.  Probably meant to attract neighborhood habitues who like to eat.
Sound for the gigs is OK and I like to watch from up in the balcony where there are also bathrooms, but one thing that's conspicuously lacking is any kind of seating up there, such as couches and chairs.  At most little clubs, the balcony area, particularly the part that you can't see the stage from, is often turned into a cozy lounge, a la the TLA and the Note.  North Star's balcony is dead empty, doesn't even have a table and chairs, and thus wastes space since no one is going to stand in an area where they can't see the band playing.  There are tables and chairs  - the hard, uncomfortable, sit and drink your beer variety - in the downstairs part of the club, but some loungey couches or armchairs upstairs would be pretty easy and make it a lot nicer to hang out.Small, friendly bar with a back room where you can catch some great live music.North Star is a neighborhood icon.  I started going there 20 years ago when I first got married and we lived in the city a couple blocks away.
The food is Ok,  the drinks are reasonable and the live music is usually good.
It is a younger feel and is kind of a dive but if your looking to hang out at a landmark then you could do worse.(I swear this is a completely un-biased opinion of North Star Bar.)
I've been going to this place for quite awhile. Even since before I became a lush in my hey day. They still offer all ages shows and it's a great place to see your friends' bands play. On occasion, you'll catch a fairly big-named band that you least expect to play a venue like the North Star. 
Great beer selection and I hear their happy hour is pretty effing sweet.
Oh, and their one barback is pretty damn cute if you ask me. Maybe next time I'll get him to swoon over me and eventually get him to marry me. Oh wait... that already happened. So stay away, ladies. I'll fight ya.
(I told you this opinion was completely un-biased.)
(I also lied.)
PS - Tip your bartenders!Great sound guy, with an equally superb sound system. Saw Marty Friedman and his band play here, and it was divine! 
My only quip is the lack of a menu, and no heads up to patrons about the general lack of food. Great staff, and great drafts with great pricing.I am a big fan of this place.I love the atmosphere and the bands. The food is good, and the drinks are better. Great crowd and the bartenders are awesomeI saw Pete Yorn play here once, very intimate.  It' gets a favorable rating because you can get close to the artist.  It's a decent place to see up and coming bands or maybe they should be called bands that will never make it.
Good Prices to see Live Music.  Your not going to catch major acts here but it's good to go to a show blind once in a while.I finally went to this place for the first time, and it was a much smaller and more intimate venue than I had imagined! The beer/liquor selection and prices were really good, and the food looked tasty! The staff were super helpful for all of my "needs" during the show that I attended... and I had a really awesome time overall. I'll be back. Thanks, North Star, for a really fun time!!North Star is a great little venue to see a band.  I've been fortunate enough to catch some pretty awesome acts come through here - the kind of acts that end up making it huge a year later, and never play small intimate shows like you'll find here.  The sound is pretty consistent, and you shouldn't have trouble hearing anything... they like to crank it up (that said, earplugs are recommended).  The beer list is actually pretty decent for a music venue - somewhat similar to Johnny B's.  I came here a couple weeks ago and tried the food for the first time.  They have a happy hour w/ 25 cent wings, so I gave those a try... they were pretty dinky, but I was satisfied after 10 of them and a basket of fries.  Keep in mind - There is a dining area upstairs if there's no seating available downstairs.  There are 2 bars - one in the main entrance, and one in the back in the performance area.  There is also a bathroom, where the balcony is.  Overall, I really like North Star, and always have a good time.Dirty, loud, sticky floors, crappy, rundown venue.  if that's your thing more power to you.  I can't stand the place.I'd say the description of "gourmet dive" that has appeared multiple times on these reviews is largely an accurate term. What better way to spend an evening than with some bands you already know/some bands you haven't heard of, and some excellent brews. I'll bet you didn't know that the chefs here make ALL their sauces homemade (e.g. teriyaki and hot wing sauces, bleu cheese, garlic aoili, and more). Limited entree options for vegans however the kitchen will work with you if you want the black bean burger on a bed of lettuce, for example.
Other information you may not know:
- 50 cent wings at happy hour (5-7pm)
- half priced drafts at happy hour 7 days a week, bro
- no cover for the bar, and many shows have tickets available at the door
- daily $4 drink special 9-11pm bartender's choice
- free street parking, plus a small lot
- tv's in bar and projection screen in dining room showing local sports games
The next time you are thinking "what should I do tonight, I don't like the same old bar scene" pop on over and check out a show.Awesome beer selection for a venue and a neighborhood bar, very hipster, but thats all good, the beer and chill atmosphere are well worth the trip.  There is no cover if you are just going to the bar on show night....They have good shows here, was there last night actually. I'd give it 4 stars, but the bouncers here can be real jerks sometimes. My one friend couldn't get into a show once because his license just expired. He's like 30 years old too...seriously thats just lame.This venue is very big and I had seen a couple of shows here!! 
Fun and exciting as a place like this goes and a good place for photographs.This is probably one of my favorite places to see a show in Philly. As other have stated, the place is small/intimate yet still carries sound. Their sound guy is also reputedly one of the best my friends has worked with as well.
They have one of the best happy hours in Philly as well, shame they're in a spot that's a little bit further than where I usually am at that given hour during the week. The beer selection is pretty good. It's half priced at happy hour. Their wings are small but probably among the best I've ever had. I love their wings so much I actually called ahead for a giant takeout order as well.Man. Back in the day, I used to love this place. And, I guess, it's still a great place for intimate shows (if you can get past the shitty parking situation, the heat, and that weird smell). You almost always can meet whatever band/singer you're there for... Cool. 
Things that aren't cool: the bathrooms (gross), the wait staff (less than enthused), the food (overly salty), and the lack of straws (yes, new management no longer wants to provide straws).Absolutely in love with their Apple & Brie sandwhich.  I ate this and almost melted in my seat....  Granny smith apples covered in baked brie, atop an olive oil and ginger aioli, on a toasted baguette.  Mezmorizing, I was so impressed.  There were plenty of apples and oozy cheese with sweet aioli on it, perfect-o.
As for atmosphere, its divey, but I like that.  The beer selection was sub-par when I was there, but I know they rotate beers and have a changing selection, so I probably just picked an off-night for my particular taste of beer.  Service was great, they seem to be friendly, but really busy during live-music show nights. 
I'll come back just for that apple & brie sandwhich!  Well done chef.It's a nice big space but it's not my favorite venue to see bands play. The last notable show I saw here was what may turn out to be Guitar Wolf's last show in Philadelphia. This was probably 4 years ago, though. My issue with the show was how the sound didn't have that awesome garage rock loudness that Khyber does so well. Yes, it's because Khyber is a smaller venue, but for a band like Guitar Wolf, who once touted an album as loudest one ever (possibly as a joke, but still), this turned out to be a disappointment for me. I probably shouldn't blame NSB for this since there may be other factors and in the 4 years past, the venue may have gotten better.
When I didn't drive, I took a cab here. That seemed to be the easiest way. Driving, I was able to find parking in the neighborhood. There seems to be a parking lot near the bar, but I don't know much about it.Um, yeah.
Here are some turn-offs for me:
1. An overpriced menu.
2. A room so dark you can't see the plate and so loud you can't hear across the table.
3. Getting my food about forty-five minutes later, nearly cold.
The ~super artsy~ pornography in the next room over just really made it for me.  OH MY GOD NAKED WOMEN HOW EDGY NORTH STAR SHIT.  I HAVE NEVER SEEN GROTESQUE NAKED WOMEN BEFORE.North Star is a pretty rough and tumble concert/event space and bar in our neighborhood. They have a great beer list that's reasonably priced. The bartenders are really friendly and it's a lot of fun seeing a show here.I went to a band of skulls/ the Whigs gig at this place about 2 months ago.
I was there by myself but met a nice guy who felt bad about me being myself and invited me to hang out with him and his buddie, so I guess you could say people are chill there.
The show was great, it's a small venue and the sound wasn't the best thing but the place will make you feel in an underground secret society...of people with great musical taste of course.
 The bands where even selling their own merchandise which was awesome.
There's enough parking and the bar and stage are in different rooms, so they get to have all ages events.
Overall, It's a cool place to see a show.I got the opportunity to support a local band by entering this Fairmount hot spot. If you want a change from spaces like Johnny Brenda's or Khyber or Trocadero or Vox Populi or Barbary or TLA or Electric Factory or Transit (OOOOOPPPSS! They be closed yo!) or Tritone or Bob & Barbara's or Avenue Q or the guy who peed himself at the corner of 8th & Bainbridge...
Oh you've been paying attention. 
So anyway, this is the only venue that's way out on the north west end of the city and a hop skip and jump to the infamous Eastern State Penitentiary if you want to rock out with your wahjiggadeehuh?!?! out with a bunch of prison ghosts... Be my guest you FREAK!!! I wouldn't suggest it. But I do suggest you bringing your combat boots for some serious thrashing in this place... Or whatever ails you? There is always creative new faces playing, screaming, goofing, or Tim and Ericing (EW!!!??!!?!) here. Even the guy who wore that striped green shirt from Blue's Clues performed here under the name Steven Burns, which is his real name and his album unrelated to that kid's programming is actually quite good. Ok, I'll quit geeking here. But again geek away b/c for the most part there isn't much hate here to say the least. You're a star at the North Star... Only if you're in the band or know the band or paying a round of drinks or tipping your bartenders or you're not drinking and have to be the D/D to take the rest of the puke-machines home. You're not just a star... 
YOU'RE A SUPERSTAR!!!
...actually you just have a freakin' overload of patience and I commend you but at the same time pity you for not having a beer you creepy uptight "I found Jesus in my Fruit Loops" never kissed anyone but his mom weirdo!!!
Sorry got to log off now. My mom needs to check her facebook. 
;)The North Star Bar was a really interesting experience. To be fair, I went to see Uh-Huh-Her there and the place was covered in lesbians, so we may not have been the regular clientele. I really liked the room that the concert was actually in--it was spacious and really nice for shows. The back bar was a good addition too. I also appreciated the beer list, which was extensive.
I did not like that everyone has to wait in the much smaller main bar before the show and that the show started incredibly late (apparently this is a chronic condition for the North Star). So....I think it'd be fun to hang out it, but I'm not sure that I'll go to another show there.Went here for the first time last night and loved it! I didn't have any food, so I wasn't able to give them five stars, but I certainly don't have any complaints.
Any bar that has Dogfish Head's 60 minute IPA on tap (or even in bottles) is alright in my book. I wasn't expecting such a solid draught list.
The other thing that impressed me was the size and sound in this place. I got a beer at the bar in the front and hung out for a few minutes, thinking that my buddy's band hadn't started playing yet. Then I wandered into the back and saw that they'd been playing all along. I couldn't believe I hadn't heard them playing right on the other side of the wall!
I'd definitely go to more shows here.Great happy hour, good beer selection, food is decent - mussels and wings are very good. I've seen a few shows here and music wise it's a solid intimate venueMy favorite bar to see a show.  Good selection of beer on tap. 
Showroom is separate from the bar/dining area, which has a pool table. If I were putting together a list of Philadelphia dives, the place would get an 8 out of 10, not that it's dirty or anything, it just has the feel. 
A small stage, maybe 20 feet wide. A dance floor recessed a few steps below the regular floor of the room. A bar in the back for the 21+ shows and a balcony and bathrooms upstairs. 
Saw Yeah Yeah Yeahs here right around the time they put out Fever to Tell. Street Dogs, the Matches, Youth Brigade/Swingin' Utters were some other good ones.All bars look the same right?  Thats the feeling I get.  This place looks quite small on the outside but you go in it actually big.  Went to see show here and it was an intimate setting if you want to call it that lol.  The drinks were reasonable.  Though my favorite liquior Chamboard was not available lol.  The bottle was on bottom shelf and quite dirty.  The bartender advised me not go order that lol, which i complied.  It was a good time here.  I didnt order any food but it looked mouth watering.  
This is a place I would visit again for another show.  
Cheers!!Decent food, good selection of draughts, terrible event management, bearable acoustics, friendly people, and overall a decent place to settle in for a mediocre night. 
If you're thinking of playing here, I've had only terrible experiences. The last time I played here, we had to leave for a friend's surprise birthday party at midnight the night of our show. We asked the door man if there was any pay for the event, and he said that we would have to wait for the end of the show in order to sign a contract to be paid. Not trying to do that, we asked how much it would be, and the door man 'estimated' about 5-10 dollars for the entire band.
Now, in my experience, the person working at the door has only one job: to know how much money is coming in. Later in the evening, we received a text from one of the other bands letting us know that we had actually earned $60. This would have been a nice addition to our recording fund and worth waiting another hour. We played for their venue, we brought them beer-loving customers, and we spent money at the bar for drinks; yet, they did not even have the courtesy to give us to money that we earned. I don't play for an extremely popular band, but we are very closely connected with the following that we have. They've lost both an act and a friendly customer base due to this underhandedness.It took us some time, but we made it to our neighborhood bar. It's literally two blocks away and it took the pilot episode of Breaking Bad to get me out of the door. That show gives me the heebs. It's too real man. Like, crap! That could happen to me. I could have lung cancer and say "Screw it! I'm making some serious cash fast!" and it would be just like me to accidentally kill somebody with science. Hit too close to home.
I digress. Truth is I've been to North Star Bar for a band once SIX YEARS AGO. Sea something. ... Crap. It'll come to me. Anyway, the venue itself was surprisingly big but small. I know that sounds not helpful, but it looks teeny tiny from the outside, but then you go to the back/side where the bands play and you're like "hmmm. this is alright! commence happiness!"
Anyway I came here the other day, the bartender was nice, the beer selection was interesting, and the crowd was weird. A mix of people which was baffling and then realized it had to do with what band was playing at the time. (i.e. their parents came to watch them). There was only one working bathroom which sucks, but I would come here again on a rando night and just get a couple of beers which were mostly in the nice $5 range and chill out. They had a TV playing that White Castle movie. Ok. 
Nothing exciting, but nothing terrible. A fun place though for a random week night. It's the kind of place where you'd get to know your bartender well and next time you see him you'd say "hey Joe! So what happened? Did you get your dog that medicine or did you try that herbal remedy instead?" because you knew him THAT well. Love it.
Sea Wolf. The band was Sea Wolf. Thanks google for coming up with it.Ok sooo I'm torn. 
I had a banging time at Northstar last night at the Mimosa show as I whipped unsuspecting glow stick wielding 22 yr olds in the face with my sweat drenched hair (que Willow Smith). But I can't say my good time was due to Northstar's menu (though I do thank them for booking an awesome show). 
BUUTTTTT... the food. Dude. Come. On. 
I had the Chorizo flatbread, well I mean I took a few bites. Putting 7 slices of spicy Jimmy Dean sausage on a piece of dough with a few red onions and no sauce ain't a Chorizo flatbread nah mean?
So then I had a mad case of food envy and starting picking at a friend's mac and cheese. Hey so uh last time I checked there are two main ingredients in mac and cheese; macaroni noodles and cheese. Well, one ingredient was missing, cheese. None. It tasted like oily butter noodles that you serve a 4 yr old picky eater. I need to start keeping the Kraft orange cheese powder packets in my purse for such occasions. Not impressed. 
At that point I felt like a mooching ass Goldilocks.... I had to try baby bear's hot wings. "Juuuuusssstttt right". Kudos.
So all in all, I did have a great time at Northstar despite a few subpar entrees. I'll be back I'm sure but will definitely order something else.Great place for happy hour. They have a decent draft list. My bf and I bundled up and trekked here during one of the many snow days this winter and drank ourselves warm and filled up on bbq wings and cheese fries for under $20. The bar area is your standard bar but the dining room has absolutely no atmosphere at all. There seemed to only be one server working and she seemed to be either new-ish or not very good at her job. Bathroom lacked both toilet paper and paper towels on our visit.Not usually one to write reviews, but I've been coming here for quite some time for Quizzo and keep coming back for a reason.
First off, they just revamped the menu and it was awesome. The servers let us know about stuff that we might like based on what we used to order off the old menu, which is great. The servers really get to know the regulars, and guess what? If you're a nice person (and not complaining about the two drink minimum that was enacted because your sorry ass wasn't ordering stuff during Quizzo and taking up a table for 2+ hours that could have been used for someone else), they'll treat you well.
Now, in the past, the food was not known for being particularly fast (hence the 4 rather than 5 star rating). But that is in no way the servers' fault, and they have always been very nice and apologetic (even comping us items that took a while). Food itself has been coming out faster and better than ever.
Bottom line, treat your servers right and they'll treat you right. Also, great small Quizzo atmosphere with a bunch of regulars that are fun to compete against. If I lived closer to Fairmount, this would hands down be my go-to local bar.
Screw Flanders.To begin, I've been to North Star for happy hour before and had a good experience.  This review is predominantly for the bar as a concert venue.  
I went with a group of friends to see a pretty well-known band for a pretty reasonable price, so I was pumped about the show.  The bad experience began right off the bat.  None of our seven tickets scanned properly by the guy at the door.  He proclaimed that it was "impossible" for the ticket scanner to malfunction, implying that we were trying to sneak into the show.  We had to wait outside for about twenty minutes for manager to arrive, only to hear that we were fine to enter the show.  No apology or anything for the accusations.  After we got in, we realized we couldn't buy alcohol in the concert section - maybe because it was an all-ages show?  
Either way, that was a bummer following our twenty minutes of waiting outside.  As for the actual show, the main room consists of a main floor and a balcony.  The balcony is quite large, but you can't actually see anything at all unless you are hanging over the edge of the rail...meaning that most of the balcony was wasted space.  From the bottom level, it was also really difficult to see because the wasted balcony space created a really low ceiling, really limiting the view if you were standing more than about 80 feet back from the stage.  I love standing room only, small venues because of the intimacy that type of environment creates, but the layout at North Star was really just more frustrating since it was so difficult to actually see anything.
Overall, the band was good and the price was reasonable.  However, I wouldn't go back because of the layout and negative customer service experience.This place is terrible. Do NOT come here for the food or the service. Hummus was chunky with stale pita. The mac and cheese was cold. And the fries were clearly not seasoned and they came with a side of a flavorless aioli/sauce. We came tonight (12/15/13) and the waitress was extremely rude and never checked on us. We ordered our drinks from the bar. We had to walk up to her to ask for a menu. We had to walk up to her again to order our food.  And then we waited for 30-40 min for the food I just described above. I have no intention of ever coming here again.Best happy hour in phila hands down. The wings are awesome. The bartenders are always cool.
Awesome place to see a show, but recently they haven't been booking any acts i'm interested in. It seems R5 is pulling all the bigger names to JB's and the church lately.Great joint, only eclipsed by The Khyber as far as the best dive to see a band in the city (though the NSB has closed the gap a bit).
The goods...better than average bar food, more than one bar (though both can be tough to navigate when it gets crowded), pool tables (same negative when crowded), and the upstairs view to see a band can be really cool (though if you aren't up front upstairs, you are SOL as far as seeing anything). Sound is like every other place...sometimes good, sometimes not.
The bads...neighborhood used to be a dump, but it was getting better...parking can be tough, always felt more crowded than it really was. Still, I saw some fantastic shows here, and the negatives can't rightfully be applied to the venue itself. On my "win" list, for sure.I haven't had any food here (yet), but the specials sound great.  The bar service was wonderful... the entire staff is really friendly.  I admit, one night I had one too many shots of Tequila... and the next time I was there, they just laughed it off and pointed out that I at least had a good time!
Also, you can't beat the fact that you can see live bands in the back, and happy hour prices are awesome(1/2 price drafts).Just had my first time at the NSB, and even with a friend stressing to me in advance exactly how tiny this joint was, I was still shocked at how small it actually is.  This is, by far, the smallest venue I've ever seen a show in.  Mark it.
But, let me back up for a second...
I showed up two and a half hours before doors opened for the show, and was able to park in the tiny private lot out back.  Despite some confusion about how to actually get into the lot, I realized you have to hop the curb to do it.  Seriously?  There's not even a legit entrance into their own lot?  This should have been a sign that I was in for one memorable evening.
My friend and I walked into the joint, almost mistakenly walking into the kitchen as we passed by outside, and were immediately thrown into a poorly-lit bar with hard wooden chairs.  Fortunately, their beer selection is really good and -- as it turned out -- their food was surprisingly good as well.
Our bartender was friendly and made a lot of small talk with us, mostly about music.  She even managed to finagle one last drink order in before happy hour ended, although we were technically a minute or two over.
After our food/drinks, we wanted to get closer to the doors to the music section of the bar, so we stepped into a neighboring room.  It had about eight tables in it, and a ledge that ran along the right wall for you to put drinks on.  The tables were basic, and the chairs pretty uncomfortable.  I think there were a couple of TVs in that room, too.
Doors opened shortly after, and we stepped into the concert portion of the establishment.  This is one narrow place, and it couldn't have been more than about 15 feet wide right up at the stage.  Further back, it expanded a bit, but to no more than about 25 feet.
From the stage to the far back wall -- where there was another bar -- couldn't have been more than about 70-80 feet.  
The stage looked like something that was thrown together with spare lumber, and was -- for whatever reason -- carpeted.  A large, ugly tapestry hung from the wall directly behind the stage.  The wall on the right was aging brick, and you could even see damage from when the chimney that used to be there was removed.
There's a second level to the venue that consisted of open area and a couple of bathrooms which weren't even marked to differentiate between the sexes.  I had to ask someone where I should be going.
Bathrooms were tiny, filled with graffiti and at least one didn't have a functioning lock.
The balcony area isn't sloped and the railing comes to within 4-5 feet of the stage, so if you're lucky enough to get to the railing, you're looking almost directly down at the band.  If you want to watch upstairs and you're not AT the railing, forget it.  You won't see a thing.
As for the sound, loud is the best way I could describe it.  I could barely tell the difference in instruments from the wall of sound that practically blew my eardrums out.  I rarely wear earplugs to gigs, but I wish I'd done that for this one.
The venue is so small, you're practically on top of the artist.  We weren't anywhere close to being the first people in the joint and yet, we were able to get right up front.  Hell, there was even room to spare between us and the stage...and keep in mind, there was nobody in front of us!
The people in all the bands were constantly around us, going to and fro, through all parts of the evening.  The dressing rooms were downstairs, and the staircase only came up to the dance floor.  So there was a lot of hustle and bustle.
I guess what I'm saying is:  If you like an intimate venue, this is probably up your alley.  
There's a low ceiling, so I imagine people further back and those at the bar probably couldn't get much of a look at what was going on.  But we were up front, so we were fine.
All in all, this was a memorable experience, for a mixture of good and bad reasons.  
Whether I go back will likely depend on the artist or whether I wanna drag a friend to get the same crazy experience I had.This review is only for the bar- I've never been here for a show.
The beer is good here and reasonably priced. The veggie burger is the bomb, and I once had some okay mussels. The vibe is sometimes weird at night but also very friendly. No complaints, but also nothing to write home about.Probably the best venue to catch a band in Philly. They must have a great booking agent because a lot of the bands who play here end up getting huge within a year. Go weekly - you're bound to witness the next big thing.WTF happened to this place? Disorganized box office, overpriced concert tickets, disgruntled staff and overpriced, terrible food. Sante Fe hummus was a chipotle flavored dip that looked about as appetizing as poop on a plate, accompanied by jar olives and a raised kaiser roll for $8. Our poblano Caesar salad was nothing more than a $10 plate of shredded lettuce drowning in lemony dressing that is on par with McDonalds
As the song says, "Never going back again"An utter disappointment... Four great bands I know were scheduled to play there, and management cancelled on them an hour before doors opened, with no explanation. What's worse than a music venue that doesn't treat musicians appropriately? Nothing!Gotta give this place 5 stars. Easily.
I come here at least once a week for the happy hour, nothing beats it. Three dollar drafts, 50 cent wings, four dollar hummus and five dollar mussels; heaven.
The waitresses and bartenders are always super nice and they actually remember you. Great neighborhood bar, never been to a show, it's on my to do list though.Went there for a show but I had never been there before. I expected a kind of Divey joint with a limited menu and beer list. 
Not so. We got there early and I was able to get a nice IPA without any hassle. The food was good as well. I"m always a sucker for french fries done well. The staff was friendly and very amenable considering how loud the show venue was.
I'd come back for a happy hour or a meal here in the future.A great bar thats been around for years. Good music, and good bar tendersThis place has some serious attitude.  Of course you expect a little bit of that ...we are in Philly after all, but I rather of not heard the head chef bitching cause I placed a food order.  The bar tender had serious attitude and was happy to serve watered down drinks containing little to no actual alcohol.  This is the oldest trick in the book if you have a rowdy bar crowd, but for a well behaved good paying customer ...no excuse is good enough. Oh yeah and don't go upstairs,  dark, dirty, and depressing.Decent Happy Hour.
Their wings here are pretty damn good.
The mussels looked awesome, I will be getting them next.
Nice little atmosphere.North Star Bar has done it: best happy hour in the city of Philadelphia. Four reasons: First, 5:30-7:30. Far too many bars cut happy hour at 6pm. It is hard to find many bars that go until 7pm, and North Star even exceeds that. The time slot is excellent. Second, it's available everyday of the week. Understandably, a lot of bars run happy hour during the week, when the need the boost in business the most. North Star bucks the trend again. Third, $.25 wings, and they are good. When you can get two dozen wings for $6, it's surely a decent joint. Lastly, and most importantly, beer. 1/2 off drafts of a good beer selection that is moderately priced in the first place. I had a Rouge Dead Guy, Stone's Arrogant Bastard, Yard's ESA, and Sierra Nevada Pale ale, and they were all $2 or $2.50.
Other than the wings, I've never had food at North Star, and I will assume that it's good, and nothing more. As far as location goes, North Star is a bit off the beaten path, which isn't too bad and makes parking easy to find. Inside, there are a decent amount of tables and a small bar, all with a nice neighborhood bar atmosphere. They recently opened an upstairs dining room that looks really nice. To top it off, the bartender and the waitress were providing great service.
Last but not least, the North Star bar is an excellent venue. They have a mix of all ages and 21+ shows that are usually in the 8 to 12 dollar range. It has a small stage with an upstairs balcony that gives you a great view. They specialize in intimate and cozy shows, and it's great. I've been to a handful of shows here over the last 4 years and always leave thinking how great a spot this is.
Bottom Line: When compared to the best of the city, the North Star Bar does not hold up. But with awesome shows and happy hour filling the week, and it's gritty local attitude, the North Star Bar manages to establish itself as a stable in Philadelphia, especially the north Fairmount/Brewerytown section of the city, which is starved for decent spots. I'm a fan.just like forrest gump's dumb-assed box of chocolates, with the north star you never know what you're gonna get.
did i actually use forrest fucking gump in a review? yes. i did.
when the north star antes up and gets solid sound, folks, then maybe i'll de-forrest this review.Place sucks big time!  Took over an hour to get simple wings and fries.  You don't want to go here. Never again!!!!! Ever!One of the better venues in this town for seeing smaller acts.  I never had a chance to try their food, but they have a good variety of brews on tap that are tasty for your tongue and wallet.
My brother is kind of a rockstar (there is one in every family) and when he plays North Star, he always sounds better.  Maybe it is the guy working the board or their set up, but either way, it makes for an awesome show.Went here to see a couple local bands last week.  The staff was very friendly, but quite lazy.  The sound guy was texting or something on his phone rather than doing sound stuff.  The bar tender in the room with the performing was reading a magazine.  It was a Tuesday or something and they weren't very busy, so that could have been part of it.
We tried some food, which was pretty good.  My friend ordered the veggie burger, which was supposed to have guacamole on it.  When she received it, however there was not.  She asked the waitress to bring some on the side, but the waitress said they were out.  That was disappointing and she could have mentioned it when we ordered.  Also, drinks were a bit pricey.  A lager and a rum and coke was $11.
The place was pretty clean, which is always a plus.  The space was much bigger than I expected.  It is separated into three sections: a bar area, tables and juke box kind of area, and a larger room with a stage and second bar.  They also have a small parking lot.  All and all it was pretty good.  It is definitely worth another shot.This place is ok. I've only been for shows, but it doesn't seem to be interesting otherwise. The place could use a little bit of a make-over, but I guess the old, dirty carpets and busted brick walls give it it's appeal. The drinks are not that cheap for a hipster hangout/music venue. Still, it all makes up for it when you're seeing a band you really like.The first time I came to the North Star Bar, I swore I would never come back.  Two years later, my friends are performing there at a relatively high-profile show.  So here I am.  
My experience has changed a lot since those two years have passed.  Originally, my friends and I thought the people at the North Star Bar were rude and unpleasant.  The show was excessively loud.  They had issues with us promoting our group at the show, even though we brought a lot of people and drummed up a lot of hype for the band (Anamanaguchi, both shows).  They were charging people double or triple for re-entry (People were taking smoke breaks, trying to get away from the heat and noise and then finding they weren't allowed back in).  
Overall, this time, the staff was wonderful, even gracious toward us.  8Static had table space and could promote freely, we also helped run parts of the event, so there is that.  NSB still didn't allow re-entry, which is horrible for a sold out show, and it got sweaty and nasty for a while.  But the ticketing situation would have made it impossible for them to keep track of re-entry this time as well so in their defense they did what they could.  It would be nice for them to find a solution to that.  
I did not grab food there, either time.  But a lot of us did grab drinks and everything was hunky dory.  They put up with us a lot later than they had to after the show while we tried to figure out ride arrangements.  It was great.  Based on this experience, I would happily come back, and even recommend it.I'm going to break my own rule and review a live music venue based on one night of music
Pros (+4)
* Great selection of beer & great prices
* Cool 'pit' area in front of the stage
* Cool bar where you can hear the music and not pay a cover
* Cool upstairs where you can look down on the band
Cons (-1)
* When you think there are 2 bands and a 9:00 show time and you show up around 9:30 figuring the opening band will start a little late and the opening band actually comes on at 10:00 (so bad that the guy behind me asked if the music would get better... as he was ready to chew his own face off), followed by an unannounced band that plays a 45 minute set, followed by the headliners coming on at midnight to a crowd that dwindled signficantly due to the earlier bands.
Will I go back - of course.  Will I show up much later - hell yeah.Nice local spot, draws people from both sides of Girard and a convenient place to meet friends and neighbors.  
Good beer selection, pretty decent food overall.
I wouldn't go out of my way to go there as a destination unless I'm heading to a show but, for a neighborhood place, it's nice to have it here.HAPPY HOUR.... potentially the best in the city, or outside of the city for that matter.
Come 5-7 any day of the week and get $3 beers, 50 cent wings, or $5 mussels. About 10 craft beers to choose from. Wings and mussels are outstanding. Prices on regular menu seem very fair. Bartenders are very friendly.
One complaint here is one time I came hoping to catch the Eagles game, and they kinda looked at me funny when I asked. They didn't want to turn it on. It could be described as a 'hipster' type of place, but not entirely. I've never felt unwelcome here otherwise.if i could i would give the north star bar, one star for service and food and 4 or 5 stars for a live show venue.
i'll start with the negative. a few weeks ago, my boyfriend and i went to see a show at the north star. beforehand i decided we should check out their food. (i've been trying to find the place with the best nachos.) i called twice in the week beforehand about parking, show start time, etc. on one call, the fella was very pleasant - didn't really have alot of the answers i was looking for, but very nice. the next call i made closer to the date, the gal who answered was abrupt and dismissive. i hate that!
so the night of the show - the bar and back room were crowded. there was one waitress. and from what i hear there is an upstairs room also. i don't know if they had a separate waiter/waitress or if the one downstairs was also doing upstairs. it took forever to get drinks (we gave up on ordering beers from our waitress and went to the bar) and then took over 30 minutes to get our food. we were told there was only one person in the kitchen. it was a friday night - i don't understand why they were so short staffed or if this is how they always run their business. and the food was just ok - nothing to write home about. also, the place smelled bad. i'm sure it's years of mold that would have been covered up by cigarette smoke in the past. 
on the positive side - i liked the venue for seeing bands! the bartender was great in the show room (the ones at the front had been short). she did a better job of handling the crowd at her bar. since i hadn't seen this band live, i watched from the floor. in the future i want to watch a band from the balcony. i also liked the art work they had hung in the back room. the door guy was nice. he never yelled or got short with the smokers when he repeated had to ask folks to move around the corner, so we didn't disturb the neighbors. 
i would go the north star again to see a show, but i will definitely pick another location for a meal beforehand.mac and cheese was tastey. Can't beat the happy hour deals. The show we saw (shiny toy guns) was awesome. However, I've been to plenty pubish places in philly that manage to have a bit better service and more seating.I wasnt totally sober by the time we got here, but it was one of the stops on a friend's tour of local bars. This place seemed like a cool friendly local venue, with a cool upstairs room. The art upstairs was pretty cool as well (made by one of the people working in the bar...)Always heard great reviews about it so I decided to check it out. It was like super dark in there. There main lighting was these tiny candles on the tables. I couldn't even read the menu. So I left. Maybe in the day its better and less "too cool to have lights"I recently made the trek up the parkway to the Art Museum neighborhood with a buddy of mine from out of town to see a show at the North Star Bar. After what turned out to be a longer than expected hike, we finally arrived about an hour before the show was scheduled to begin. We were there for an evening of progressive rock featuring Echolyn and The Syn.
There are actually two bars, on one side, the North Star bar is more or less a dive bar, but with a slight hipster look and feel and a really good beer selection. There are tables in the back, and I guess you can order food. We however bypassed this option and went straight for the bar. The brew selection consists of a small but elite collection of microbrews, and the prices are reasonable. 
The other bar was for the concert venue. It's not a huge space, perhaps holding a couple hundred people, On one side, there's the stage, the other the bar, and there's even a second floor with a balcony. There are bathrooms upstairs and downstairs, and though they look kind of dirty, they weren't too bad. They actually had a pretty good audio setup, as there was good acoustics, good equipment, and not much distortion(the sound guy actually knew what he was doing). Both bands were good but both started late. 
To get into the concert, you have to pay a cover charge. Through their website, you may buy "tickets" in advance. However, upon arriving I realized this was pointless. They don't really have a box office or anything like that. When we got there, at about five minutes after the show was scheduled to start(but a half hour before it actually did) a woman came around and asked if I had paid in advance. I said yes and pointed to my name on the list on her clipboard, and she stamped my hand. That's will call at the North Star Bar for you. 
Overall the North Star Bar gets a thumbs up from me. Unfortunately, since it's so far away from, well, everything, I don't know if I'll be back anytime soon.Unlike everyone else, I go to North Star just to hang out.  I've never made my way into the part with the stage, honestly, simply because I prefer to be near the bar.  BUT I do know that they have some pretty awesome acts all the time ranging from teeny weeny to pretty darn large.
I eat here.  I think this place has some of the best food in the area and, as Bill M. mentioned, an exceptional beer menu that's very reasonably priced.  Burgers, chicken sandwiches, veggie versions of their food are what I eat and recommend.  They have some pretty bangin' fries, too.
Oh!  And the bartenders are always really cool, too.  I've never had a problem getting a drink or getting attitude or any bar BS.  
Just an FYI:  If you have Philly Car Share and drive up there they have a PCS parking spot in their lot, too.  (Lot is little, park on street.)i sat next to the grandmother of the drummer
the drummer was great, the grandmother was better
she told me how she had courted in that very bar 35 years earlier
it's tough to be a legit bar and a concert venue
N*Bar does it, well.Went back a second time last week and had an even better time than the first (perhaps because I knew what I was getting into).  Spent way more time at the bar, and realized exactly how kick-ass their beer selection is.  I ordered 20 of their wings at happy hour, and they were BANGIN', yo!
The sound was a bit better this time, not quite as loud, and I could hear the instruments better.  Perhaps it's hit-or-miss in that place, which I guess is par for any venue.
Got another way-friendly waitress this time, and the bartenders were courteous and friendly.
I'll be back!they have an awesome happy hour deal which is $3 beers, any kind. which is unreal. and so much fun.
the music is always different, which I like.
the bartenders are super friendly and will take good care of you.
the food is always great, the burgers, the hummus, the wings are a bit iffy at times but mostly delicious. 
my boyfriend and I have to convince each other not to go to their very inexpensive happy hour bc we love it that much. we always order the fries... why? because the seasoning and the dipping sauce is the shit.
sounds lame right? no! they're the best fries ever and really yummy with the beer.