Woohoo! Score for the northeast. Stopped in for the first time today. Everything look so good and people very friendly. We got the breakfast bowl and steak and egg on Kaiser. Loved them both. We can't wait to try other things on the menu.They also have specials on the board. Also had a cup of coffee they serve la combe. Very good. This place is only a few blocks from my house this could be dangerous to my waist line.Excellent food and service.  This small, corner sandwich shop will blow you away with their truly delectable sandwich creations. The Nashville hot chicken is unbelievable with the perfect balance of spicy and sweet.  I also loved the house smoke brisket which was so tender and flavorful. The buffalo chicken mac and cheese is just out of this world and bursting with flavor. Portions are large and priced right. I'm marking off on the menu each item I eat and plan to work my way through.Extremely disappointed in tonight's order. The onion rings were floppy and weren't cooked long enough. The sandwiches were pathetic. Not enough meat at all! One bread was toasted and one wasn't on all three sandwiches. The turkey tasted funny and was dry. No mayo on the club at all. It was like they half assed it. Not sure if I'd give them another try. I'll have to think about it. The first time was good. Not sure if tonight was a different cook.I've only stopped here for a breakfast sandwich the morning after St. Paddy's Day and it was awesome! If you're looking for an upgrade from your usual Wawa or Dunkin' breakfast sandwich, this is your place. They have La Colombe coffee and the roll my sandwich was made on was super fresh. I will definitely be back again soon for lunch or dinner. Highly recommend!Great spot for breakfast, lunch or dinner. Multiple choices for sandwiches, wings are fabulous! Order a head and pick up , they make things fresh the quality of their meats are excellent.NESCo is high-end version of a classic Philly sandwich shop. The menu is oustanding. There is something for everyone. So far ive had the Italian Pork, Meatball Marinara, and Mac & Cheese. All 3 were delicious. You can eat in but seats are limited. You can take out of course. Right now they are very busy so calling ahead for pick-up is a good idea. So far, so good for Northeast Sandwich Company!Stopped in today to try their chicken sandwich since I saw a write up in the daily news.  I am disappointed to say it was okay at best.  My expectation was for it to be spicy, unfortunately the taste was more sweet than spicy.  Not crispy, a bit on the dry side and quiet bland.  Sorry to say, not very impressive!!!This place was great! I got the Nesco Sandwich (pictured) which was really good, but hard to eat. My friend got the Buffalo Chicken Cheesesteak that he said he enjoyed. We split the cheese fries which were also on point. I felt like the chicken was really fresh, which I really appreciated because it made the chicken so juicy. I would like if they had some lighter choices for summer, but if you're looking for a dope sandwich shop, this is the place.came early friday afternoon and didn't wait at all-- ordered the hot nashville and it was HUGE. it's definitely a spicy sandwich but has a level of sweetness to it that cuts it out. the heat leaves your lips tingling but in a good way. i'd recommend ordering a basket of fries over a single order (compared to the sandwich size i expected a bigger size -- they're in a small boat) but i have no complaints. the atmosphere was great and the service was fantastic. i will definitely be returning! 
be warned that the location IS small. there are only about 8 seats along both windows but that's it! i'd recommend coming early in the afternoon or prepare for your meal to go.I've tried soooo many fried chicken sandwiches throughout the city and the Nashville Hot far exceeded my expectations. Absolutely amazing. The chicken was thick and juicy but didn't lack the crunch you need in a fried chicken sandwich. My nose is still running and I can't feel my lips but it burns sooo good. Love love love this place. Can't wait to try more.Awesome Hot Chicken and Brisket Fries. Brand new corner restaurant and they're very friendly! Definitely not ideal to eat in, but I will definitely be back!I've been eager to eat here since reading about the opening in the Daily News a few weeks ago. Now that I have, I'm really disappointed.
We ordered three items:
1. Nashville Hot Chicken - what the heck happened to the "Hot" aspect? I've eaten many a NHC and the best I can come up here was they made a mistake and just gave me a fried chicken sandwich. NHC pickles should have some spice, as with rest of sandwich no spice here, at all.  
2. Falafel Burger - If they make it like the one we were served, I can only beg them to remove it from the menu. The middle of the sandwich was not fully cooked, very mushy and not a good falafel way.
3. Cheese fries - they were good, I liked the cheese, noting over the top special.
All in all, probably a first and last visit, which annoys me as I lived in Fishtown and Queens Village for years before moving back to NE Philly and looked forward to finally getting a decent meal up this way. I guess I need to keep looking....Sooo good! I am so happy they also have some vegetarian options! I love the eggplant parm sandwich! My husband has enjoyed everything he has had here as well :) The folks that work here are very friendly. Great place!Different from ordinary deli items but very delicious. This place does not disappoint. I have ordered the Nashville Hot Chicken Sandwich on several occasions and each time it is pure perfection. You get a large piece of juicy seasoned chicken served on a potato bun with a little ranch, lettuce and pickles.   It is a very filling sandwich. The smoked brisket sandwich is something you definitely want to try as well. The flavors will have you coming back for more. If you still have room for dessert you will be pleased with any of the sweets provided by Ferry Good Treats.Not really a place for you if your vegetarian, pescatarian, or anything other than an omnivore lol. But I gave it a try and ordered the eggplant Parmesan. I was expecting it to be like some kind of breaded or even fried eggplant topped with what you would think an eggplant parmesan would be topped with (marinara and parmesan cheese), but to my surprise it was either a baked or grilled piece of eggplant with tomatoes and Gouda ‍ it was different but not good. The fries I placed a separate order for made up for it I guess. But I digress.Off the beaten track in the Burholme section of NE Philly,this spot has been on my list to try since learning about it in the Inky and Philly Mag. 
No tables to sit at but there were about 10-12 window counter seats which we grabbed two.
We split a cheesesteak, a Nashville Hot Chicken, cans of Diet Coke and spicy fries. 
Cheesesteak was ok. American cheese sauce was very good but the meat was way too fatty for my taste. The Nashville sandwich was spicy as expected but I expected better from reviews. Fries were limp and over seasoned. 
Service was good.
I definitely will try something else next time as they do enough right to merit a second visit.The Nashville Hot chicken is legitimately the best sandwich I've ever had. It's Jesus in the form of a sandwich. I had an out of body experience watching myself enjoy the happiest moment of my tastebuds' lives. The two best moments in my life are the Eagles Super Bowl and eating this sandwich and I can't tell which one is my favorite.My husband & I ordered from the Northeast Sandwich Co. Saturday afternoon & wow. DELICIOUS! The chicken cheesesteak was so good! My husbands food was so good too! We will be back!Been wanting to try out NESCO for a while now & it did not disappoint.  I had the special breakfast burger with the egg, pork roll, delicious burger & syrucimayo & it was awesome. Great Explosion of flavor!!! Can't wait to try some of the other sandwiches outWow. What an amazing Sammy! 
Had the porkroll cheesesteak.....It was delicious. I can't wait to come back and try the rest of the things on the menu!!!! Kudos!the BRISKET SANDWICH  by far the most glorious brisket sandwich my taste buds have ever been apart of. I can go on and go about it but let's just say I'm coming back.What a great new addition to the NE! I'm so happy this is around the corner from my house because we will definitely become regulars. I actually made a pact with my boyfriend that we will try something different every time we come until we've tried everything on the menu. One thing tho: the Nashville chicken is HOT!! The flavor of it was amazing however. I hope they stick around for a while! Kris is a wizard in the kitchen!Do yourself a favor and check out this Place all I'm going to say is Brisket cheese fries WORDThis place rules because of innovation and creativity. It's an easy miss because it seems out of place by being located at the corner within a neighborhood. I've tried about half of their menu so far and nothing has been a disappointment. The Italian Pork sandwich is one of my favorites. I love how they continuously come up with specials because it makes you want to come back to try them. Compared to NYC the prices are dirt cheap. I go out of my way to make sure I stop here when I travel to Philly.Great spot for a sandwich, A different kind of sandwich. This is not the ordinary hoagie shop in northeast Philly. The choices are  great and the prices are good , but if the execution of the sandwiches matched the level of creativity then this place would get 5 stars. For now three . I will try again and hope that the staff delivers an awesome sandwich.Very overpriced for the quality of food. Lived in the Northeast my entire life and there is much better in the area.This time I had the Gen Tso chicken cheese steak. Omg, incredibly delicious!! Love this place.So, can I say that I wanted to love them? But I didn't. I was so, so happy to see a new restaurant in Burlhlome and even happier to see a Cobb salad on their menu but please, please fix it!  I think they need to do a bit more research on just exactly what a Cobb salad is! There was literally 1/2 of a hard boiled egg and, seemingly, 1/2 strip of bacon on a bed of iceberg lettuce with maybe 3 grape tomato and a teeny bit of bleu cheese. No avocado. No green onion. No romaine.
We also got miso wings which were not bad but the chicken thigh sandwich was also lacking.
I know they're new and I really hope they can work out the kinks. To tell you the truth, there are things on the menu that I still want to try!!Finally got a chance to stop in today.  I grew up in the neighborhood, but live a little bit away now.  Had the brisket sandwich and wasn't disappointed!  The meat was smoked very well, a nice bark and flavorful rub were used, definitely homemade.  The slaw and sauce on the sandwich were equally delicious.  Keep up the great work, I'll be back!Place is fucking lit. The thing that caught my eye was the scrapple breakfast sandwich. Highly recommend they are good people who take pride in what they do and I fucking love that. All the food is fresh and delicious. I fw them heavyI usually do not eat at a brand new restaurant on opening day but for
some kooky reason we needed lunch and it being close to my store we
figured we'll call for take out. Wrong the phone just rang. So I had my guy run to grab it and almost a hour later we ate. I understand they got slammed. But at least have someone answering the phones for orders. 
The chef-partner from Blue Duck was ousted and opened this up. I liked the new menu, it all sounded it good.  
After a short ride back food was still warm. Good sign.
For a first time visit I gotta go with a burger and rings. 
You can't make that good you're dead to me. Fucking dead.
Good news, they're not dead to me.
A lovely typical potato bun, is always a great choice. Meat was good, a bit more seasoning would have amplified it but all the fresh toppings 
brought it together in a harmonious meaty bliss. 
I was a bit bitter to see they forgot the chips & pickles that were 
to come with the sandwiches. It really chaps my ass a bit. 
The onion rings help sooth that. Nice batter and a stupendous 
house made sauce which is bottle worthy. 
I will be back to try many of the other delicious sounding menu items real soon.
Just never again opening day
UPDATE 2/28/18
We wanted to try a few more items and split both sandwiches.
The chicken was not hot and had a okay flavor but the meat was very thin and sparse. 
Cheesesteak looked and smelled amazing but the meat was a bit tough. Flavor wise it was all melding well but the meat was not on par.
Also tried the onion rings again and they had a breadcrumb better and 
was a huge let down to a few days ago when they had beer batter. 
Not sure why the switch but if it stays this way I will forgo them. Not impressed. They did remember the pickles & chips this go round. Thanks for that.If you find yourself in the Northeast...Scratch that. MAKE SURE you find yourself in Northeast Philly to check out this very inviting Sandwich shop. 
Very tough to make a decision but I went with the pork schnitzel Sandwich. Perfectly breaded and fried pork cutlet with
 spaetzle , cabbage and mushroom gravy. I swear it tasted like Germany on a roll.
Perfectly portioned and executed.
My friend ordered the Nashville hot chicken, which was gone before I could ask him how it was.
We also ordered wings, which were outrageous. 
Overall it was a great experience and I look forward to plowing through their menu over the next few months. 
Definitely put NESCo on your must try list.Surprising good sandwich shop in NE Philly. I love the different choices and daily specials. Nashville Chicken sandwich is great.Saw the great reviews, so I expected they would have some flare. I was sadly disappointed. The second star is because atleast it was fast and the food wasn't undercooked. Not worth $8.95 plus tax and a $2 iced tea from a box. The bread was chewy. I am salty because I didn't get a pickle! Why do all the pictures have pickles but Not me?I am so happy I found this place!! I got the pork roll tacos and my boyfriend got the pork roll cheesesteak and both were delicious! Plus they have a good selection of sodas in the fridge (grape, cherry-vanilla coke, etc). The staff are good people. Solid prices for LOADED sandwichesAfter reading all the good reviews Not what i was hoping for, very disappointing, cheesesteak was fatty, still picking strings of fat out of my teeth, mac and cheese was also a disappointment, drove from tacony to try this.This place is a great little spot. Delicious sandwiches and fries. Looking forward to trying everything they have to offerWe were a party of three.  Sister in law had the Bacon (6 slices wow), Egg & Cheese on a kaiser.  Delicious I was told.  We shared the French Fries which were well done, crispy & homemade.  They looked burnt but weren't.  They were good.  I had the butternut squash soup with a crostini which was creamy and spicy.  I also had the Nesco Patty Melt which was fabulous.  Wife had the smoked turkey club with cheese fries.  She loved it so much that she offered a bite.  It was great.  I asked staff and turkey is smoked in house.  Great customer service too.  Enjoy!Holy Mallard! DUCK! Quack, Quack, not a gimmick, not a fancy name, DUCK. I saw duck on the menu and I got it. Holy Mallard, I wish I lived closer to the Northeast Sandwich Company. What a menu! Pork roll cheese steak! Steak and eggs on Long roll. As far as the Duck Cheesesteak, I guess I liked it. What is duck supposed to taste like? I wish it had more smoked gouda cheese sauce. The smoked gouda cheese sauce was amazing and I thought the duck was a little dry. Very good overall experience. Who knew there was such great creative cooking going on in Northeast Philly.So talk about a pleasant surprise. Heard about this on Instagram and took a ride over. Wow. Was this place amazing. We started out with spicy fries ( very good) and I got a steak and poblano quesadilla. Was amazing!!!! The man got a porkroll cheesesteak and ate ever bit. Then we got the brisket max and cheese.  Everything was so good and fresh. I was so excited to eat I forgot to take a picture. Can't wait to try more things.Been here four times and each time the food was legit fire!
The menu kept my stoke levels high and really got me amp'd for the rest of the day. 
So many awesome choices. Definitely worth the trip.Stopped in today for a quick lunch but it was bit of a let down. Got there around 1:00, it was packed! This is a newer restaurant and I usually steer clear and let them work out the kinks before I venture in.
I went with the Nashville hot chicken. At $8.95 it's a pretty good deal. That price includes chips and a pickle. The sand which itself was huge! It was a bit too big for the martins potato bun. The chicken was piled high and it was 2 tenders. With the chicken being so big it left the sandwich very sloppy. The spice was spot on and had some sweetness to balance it out. The breading on the chicken was very gritty. It was very unpleasant. A friend had the roast pork and it looked amazing. The fries were very good as well. I love the fact they carry artic splash. 
They offer window seating which is very nice. The counter girl was also very friendly. I will give it another shot after they iron out the kinks. Solid 3 stars.I like that their menu is different than typical deli. Can't wait to try brisket, nashville hot chicken, pork belly reuben and cheesesteak soup.  Only tried breakfast; will post more after I try lunch. 
I ordered at 10:15 on a Sunday and it was a 30 min wait for a pork roll egg and cheese, bagel and cream cheese and breakfast bowl w bacon. I'm used to 15 min, even 20 but 30 sounded steep for breakfast foods. They did have my ready all packed up and ready to go when I arrived in 25 min. I had ordered a cinnamon roll but lady on phone must have missed it. They were out of chorizo for the day so wasn't able to try chorizo jawn on a tortilla, which sounded yummy. 
Bagel and cream cheese ($2.50) had a lot of cream cheese and bagel was good (only have plain) but they didn't smear the cream cheese on both sides and they didn't put a knife in the bag. I like to eat my bagel in 2 parts not as a sandwich. I know Dunkin' Donuts does this, but it's not fast food I'm eating in my car. 
Pork roll egg and cheese ($5) was good and big with 3 eggs and 3 pieces of pork roll. 
Breakfast bowl ($6) was a bowl (I wasn't sure if it would be in a bowl since it said sandwiches served on roll or tortilla).  Though it wasn't smoked breakfast potatoes - it's tater tots (good just weird to call tots breakfast potatoes). It was very cheesy. Prob too cheesy for me but others may like. I added bacon ($1.50) and caramelized onion ($.50). It said any any protein for $1.50 - I wasn't sure if I could add pork belly or brisket from lunch menu but they said only breakfast options (bacon, hot link, pork roll, steak), which makes sense. 
**Breakfast is served until 11am** They open at 9am on weekends so 2 hours to order. 
Says they have la colombe coffee. 
They had butter cake, cinnamon rolls and another dessert option from FerryGoodTreats. 
They have some counter seating as well. 
Super excited about this addition to the neighborhood and can't wait to try lunch items!I've driven past this place on the way home from work for about three months now.  The curiosity had me itching to try it but I always noticed it was closed or in the process of closing.  So I finally decided to go in on a Saturday and wasn't disappointed.  I got the "PHILLY PHILLY" it's a cheeseburger with cheesesteak on top of it.  Oh, it's also on a pretzel bun.  That was just one of many special sandwiches they come up with.  It didn't stop there I also got the pulled pork Mac and cheese.  Both the sandwich and Mac tasted like they were made with genuine real quality ingredients to give it that homemade taste.  I will certainly be coming back there to try more.Finally tried this place last night and I wasn't disappointed. Love the location. I got the BBQ brisket sandwich and I have to say I really enjoyed it. The brisket was tender and juicy and the bbq sauce and slaw were perfect additions. I got the mac n cheese too...this is where they lose a star. It wasn't terrible but the sauce was kind of runny and watery instead of being creamy and cheesy. 
I would definitely give it another shot, I wish we had more places like this in the Northeast!Very small and only seating is by the window countertops with barstools. That being said, food was delicious. We each got something different. Hubby enjoyed the brisket, I loved the turkey club, kids liked the hamburger and the mac & cheese.I think NESCO has potential and I love that it's located so close to my office, however, after reading rave reviews of the Nashville Hot Chicken Sandwich, I, of course, had to try it. However, I found that it was ENTIRELY too spicy. There was no balance of flavor. It tasted like someone dumped a whole container of ground cayenne pepper into the sauce that the sandwich was tossed with. It was even too spicy for my friend who also ordered the hot chicken sandwich and he loves spicy food. The fries were good and the crispiness of the sandwich on the fluffy potato roll would have made the sandwich delicious had it had some acid and salt mixed in with all that heat. My friend also ordered the special soup of the day, which was also covered in cayenne making the whole meal too hot to eat. 
The second time I visited, I got the brisket sandwich. The brisket was cooked perfectly, but again the seasonings were off. It needed some acid and something creamy like horseradish mayo or an aoili. The duck fries, however, were just like the old blue duck and worth every penny and the calories. 
I will give them another shot, maybe I'll do a burger next.I may order from here a little too often, but my goodness their breakfast is delicious! The food always arrives quickly, and everything is tasty. They tend to be a little pricey for breakfast, but they are totally worth it. 
I have had some sandwiches for lunch which weren't as great, but by no means bad. Ultimately, everyone has preferences. 
If you are in the neighborhood, give them a try. Ask for the usual.Went there for breakfast and got 2 breakfast bowls, one with pork roll the other with bacon. The tater tot base was both crunchy and mushy, in a good way, because of the delicious cheese sauce that brought everything together. I've ordered takeout from there before (mostly when I've had a craving for duck fries) but today we sat outside on the picnic benches out front. Follow these on Facebook to see their weekly specials, you won't be disappointed!Instead of getting fast food from a chain store, I wanted to see what else was available around the neighborhood. I really wanted a good burger with some crispy fries and this place had great reviews. I ordered a burger and fries (additional cost). The burger was okay, it wasn't what I had in mind but it did come with a small bag of chips. The fries were soggy but this might have been due to takeout. As for parking, it's street parking and not super hard to find a spot. Perhaps try other items in the menu like their famous spicy chicken, I wouldn't recommend the burger.Every sandwich from this place is delicious, creative and made with quality ingredients. Best Nashville hot chicken in philly (rippin hot and crispy with just a tiny hit of sweetness), pork belly reuben is unreal, and the italian pork sandwich hits just right. I've enjoyed every sandwich I've had from this place, and I've only tried like 6 of the 25+. Definitely going to try to make my way through the full menu at this point.Dear George my name is Anthony and I am the manager I'm thinking your reviewing the wrong restaruant because  I started at nesco a year ago and we never used shredded brisket ever for anything but tacos and the chorizo jawn  hasnt been on the menu since Sept/October the changes we made were adding Italian ices and cleaning the entire restaruant top to bottom every night!I was super underwhelmed upon getting the food. I ordered with a decent size group on a Saturday afternoon and got it as take out. All the menu options sounded delicious and smelled good, but fell short. The club had one piece of bacon and looked like it was thrown together in a rush, which is understandable because they were packed...but ONE piece? My falafel burger was not cooked even close to fully and had the consistency of guacamole. And every order that included chips, did not actually include chips. I will say the fries and cheese sauce were delicious and so were the buffalo chicken fries. I'll definitely try them again if I get the opportunity to try them during the week when they're less packed. I still have a lot of hope for them.I wanted to like this place and I did! When you walk in it is very welcoming how the whole place is set up. One major plus for me is that you can see the kitchen and it's clean. Ok so now let's talk about the food. I ordered the Nashville chicken sandwich, the beer battered onion rings, cheese fries and Mac and cheese (not all for me).
The Nashville chicken sandwich is spicy but not too spicy and the chicken was extremely juicy and tender. It was delicious however I would probably not order that to go and will only order if I'm eating there due to the bun getting a tad soggy. Not a big deal just a side note for myself for next time. 
The onion rings were perfectly crispy and there was a lot of them. The fries were good fries and the melted American cheese was good. The Mac and cheese was good however it needs to be a little more cheesy. My daughter asked me to add a little extra. 
Overall this is a very good place to get a good meal and there are many other things on the menu I'm dying to try.My husband passes this place on his way home from work and has gotten take out quite a few times. We've had the Nashville hot chicken sandwich, Cheesesteak, roast pork sandwich, fries, All of which were very good. The duck cheesesteak and amazing. We felt that the wings are just OK.  My only complaints are the scrapple egg rolls, awful. Right in the trash. It was like mushy scrapple in an egg roll, nothing else, with a cheese sauce on the side. It would've been better with like a spicy sriracha, but nonetheless the inside needed more. Also there're out of stuff often.  Like they were out of wings the other night. WINGS. And the girl that answers the phone is not even the least bit friendly and doesn't know the menu, and don't dare ever ask her what the specials are, she gets super annoyed and confused. Will def be back for the duck cheesesteak though!I live around the corner from this place, so I order here quite often. Usually the food is great, but this weekend it was far from it.  I ordered the honey sriracha shrimp tacos for my wife, and the special Duck cheesesteak for myself. They told me it would be ready in 20 minutes.  Now the weekend before I had ordered the duck cheesesteak and it was amazing! The duck was fresh and juicy, and the cheese was perfectly melted and topped with fried duck skin and chives.  Perfection.  This is why i ordered it again, but my expectations were set too high, for this weekend the back up squad must have been working.  
My wife's tacos looked good, but they only had 3 shrimp per taco and the shells were quite large so it left them looking empty. She said they were good, but noted no special flavor and wouldn't order them again.  The travesty of this experience wasn't that the food wasn't ready for another ten minutes after I arrived, nor was it the sub par tacos.  It was the audacity to serve something they called a duck cheesesteak. I was so excited to open my platter when I got home, only to be immediately disappointed with what looked like leftovers.  The sandwich had a minimal amount of meat, and it was dry and old.  I could tell it was leftover duck meat that was just reheated.  It was also topped with some yellowish melted cheese that had formed a skin on it.  Nothing like the amazing sandwich I received the week prior.
Luckily I live close and I went back over to return it.  The cashier immediately agreed that the sandwich should not have been served that way and offered to have it remade.  I never like to return food, or have something remade, but this was unacceptable.  I told her that I don't want it remade with the same leftover meat, and I would just like to have my money back. The duck cheesesteak cost 11.95 plus tax.  The cashier told me that she can not give refunds, which confused me, because they use cash and she could have easily given it out to me.  She said they don't give refunds and offered me a gift card.  I didn't want to make a big deal and I told her I would accept the gift card.  She proceeds to write out a gift card for $12.  I was just annoyed at this point.  There was no effort to give me the full amount of what I paid, or any incentive to appease me for my inconvenience. I don't want a free meal, but why not give me the amount of what I paid?  Now I have a 12 dollar card to use, and I have to hope that its on a day the starting line up is working?  Severely disappointed in the service here lately. Just needed to vent.Heard about this place and wanted to check it out because of the owners background of good food in the area. Only had a chance to go once but so far so good. I got one of their daily special sandwiches...French Onion Brisket sandwich. Great flavor, meat was seasoned and tasty and nice choice of bread to go with it. 
If you see it on the menu I would recommend it and will for sure be going back to try their other sandwiches. Only issue is that the shop is very small and pretty much for takeout...tough to bring people and all sit there to eat.Nice, clean place. I find it best when the cook with the X O tattoo is working. Presentation and flavor is always good when he is there. Seems to really care about the food that he is preparing. Definitely worth it. My favs so far is the Chicken Parm & the Nashville.I Ordered a bacon egg and cheese bagel for breakfast here one morning after a few shoddy meals prior to give them another shot- got charcoal on a Kaiser instead. Deplorable. I have never had anything consistent here and I will not be giving them any more of my business. To serve someone a burnt  7$ breakfast sandwich knowingly is just unacceptable. And they didn't even give me the right bread.The food is good here but have to be honest about the trash situation and uncleanliness outside of the store. I would be soo much more inclined to order something once a week about if they took some time on a weekly basis to make sure the outside is not so dirty.Make sure you order several hours before you're hungry. Needless to say, I ate somewhere else.I just had lunch here, I've been here about 5 times prior. So far I have not been disappointed. Food always fresh and tasty. Staff is warm & friendly. Just love this place! I wish I lived closer,  40 minute ride but worth it.Found this place on Yelp last year and decided to drive by and check it out one day. As soon as I saw it I knew it was the place to eat......there were 2 firetrucks outside and all the firefighters were inside eating lunch. I wasn't disappointed then and I haven't been since. Got the duck fries and a patty melt this weekend and wife got the smoked turkey club, everything was awesome as usual. This place is great and very creative, always something new, different and delicious. Keep up the great work, be back again soon.Today i stopped by for the first time! 
 My coworker recommended this restaurant & once i realized it was around the corner from my house i had to stop by.  The establishment is super cute & clean. Front desk girl was very friendly & efficient. My food was ready in like 5 minutes... & it was to die for!!! 
I can't wait to try other items on the menu.I love this little place. We've lived in Burholme for 25 years and I'm so happy we finally have a dependable take out place with great food. This corner store has always been a staple in our neighborhood so I'm really happy NESCO found it at the right time. 
Friendly people, great food and fast delivery.Their Nashville hot sandwich was just straight grease, bun soaked in grease, sandwich dripping, container pooling with grease. I know Nashville hot chicken is usually greasy but this was disgusting - no flavor, just grease and a burning mouth. Barely made it through half the sandwich before putting it straight in the trash. The Mac and cheese with pulled pork was so bland, it didn't taste cheesy or like bbq/pork. The only good thing we got for lunch was the cheese sauce that came with the fries.The fact that this so called sandwich company thought it was okay to put broken pieces of scrapple instead of a whole slice on my sandwich says a lot about the owners. Wow! This place never get my business again and I'm pretty sure they won't be open for long!I was beyond excited to try northeast sandwich co. I was not disappointed! We ordered the mushroom cheese steak, pork belly Ruben, falafel burger (not featured) and the plain Mac n cheese. My favorite was the pork belly Ruben. This is honestly the reason I would come back to Northeast Sandwich co. The cheesesteak was good but would have been better on a different roll that was perhaps more sturdy. Flavor was incredible as well as the vegan cheese sauce. The burger was ‍ could have done with that. And the Mac and cheese, was Mac n cheese. Not the best but not the worst I have ever had. With all that being said There are still a ton of delicious sounding options I can't wait to try!Souf philly cutlet: breaded chicken cutlet, broccoli rabe, roasted pepper mayo, sharp provolone.  The chicken was delicious and prepared very well, wasn't oily. Right amount of breading, not too much. Everything was really fresh.
Chicken salad: home made chicken salad lettuce, tomato, bacon on rye toast. The chicken salad was light on mayo which made it taste more fresh and light. Really good!
Cheesesteak: thin sliced rib eye, and American cheese sauce. Loved that the meat was chopped finally. Having a cheese sauce opposed to melted cheese is tough because if you don't have enough you can't taste it but if you have too much makes the bread soggy. The roll was fresh though.
Mac N Cheese: macaroni tossed in homemade cheese sauce, topped with toasted potato chip panko bread crumbs. This Mac and cheese was super cheesy and tasty! The panko and chip topping gave it a yummy salty and crunchy taste.First off, I want to preface this review by saying it's not a knock against the food, the service or my experience..that being said I placed my order via 3rd party and there was not a long wait time between then and my food being ready. My only issue, and this is only my opinion, I don't think you get enough for your money. I spent $11 and only got a sandwich, no fries, no drink. And it's not like the chicken itself was huge either. The lettuce stuck out more than the actual chicken. I could go to some other place get a spicy chicken sandwich fries and a soda for the same price or even less. That's my only issue but I do like to support local so I would definitely return and try some other things from the menu.This is truly a hidden gem. The eclectic variety of sandwiches makes this place a must try. My favorites are the duck cheesesteak and the pork belly Ruben!
Great food and the prices are right.Thank you for your excellent food and service! And especially for carrying good gluten free buns !When it comes to sandwiches in the northeast this is definitely the go to spot have had multiple items from menu all unique and delicious in their own way! I def recommend the brisket fries and the cheesesteak! Breakfast in the am is good just the hash brown can be a little greasy. Ordered wings a couple times wasn't really my thing they didn't keep them down long enough even after I had asked for them well done. But other then that this is def a must try!I would like to give 5 stars from the first time I've visited and fell in love with their soup and Eggplant sandwich.  It was much needed during a hectic work week. 
Went back again to end the long week with that perfect meal. But this time I came back with giving them 2 stars . Soup did not taste the same, had a funky aftertaste.  
We also odered the Pesto Chicken sandwich and Souf Silly cutlet. So disappointed to say that chicken was overly fried and very chewy. Bread was brunt, overall ate rubber. Thou the Souf Silly had better flavor than Pesto. 
I believe in 3rd chance but next time I might just stick to my first love = Eggplant sandwich.  Until my bravery takes place, keep up the good job NESCOOverpriced and taste was nothing special.... bland ingredients and came out cold. Like someone else said too - funky aftertaste - makes me think their fridges are above 42 degrees. Health inspectors should go here ASAPNashville hot is so flavorful; sweet and HOT (beware) so good. Brisket fries were perfect, fries has the right crispiness and the meat was again so flavorful. We got a seat outside at the picnic table while the owner was instagramming some taco specials for cinco de mayo and we got some complimentary chicken tacos! How nice, right ?! The pickled red onions, green onions and whatever else went well with the shredded chicken. My friend mention it had some Vietnamese flavor? Not sure but it was yummy. Must eat- will come again
Xoxo,
Fat girlThey have one of the best Nashville chicken sandwiches I've ever had. The owner is lovely and his staff are always inviting and friendly.This place was amazing! My husband and I stopped her on a whim and will definitely be going back! Everyone that worked there was very friendly and it was one of the best sandwiches we have ever had!This place is terrible. The owner is just a money hungry slob. Sadly he's still in business. I've been to other places this guy owns and I'm telling you now to take your money other places... he's gross. He keeps food outside and the cooks barely wash anything. You're better off eating off your own kitchen floors.Overpriced and taste was nothing special.... bland ingredients and came out cold. Like someone else said too - funky aftertaste - makes me think their fridges are above 42 degrees. Health inspectors should go here ASAP. Better off going to any old pizza place in the area