The space is dark narrow and gorgeous. Bartender was super friendly. I love yakitori and there was a small but good selection here. Everything was perfectly cooked. We also shared the curry rice. Having eaten a lot of Japanese curry, this one was a bit more sour/sweet than I was used to. The pork was perfectly fried. 
Lastly, the drinks were on point! So many sake and sochu to choose from I will def need it be back!Was excited to come here but was let down. We sampled a good amount of the menu and everything was overly salty - chicken katsu, quail (even the salad on top of it was salty), skewers, fries. Has potential but probably should just stick to drinks next time. For the price, turn to Double Knot in CC.After a tour of Heritage Distilling, we needed some food to soak up the alcohol and excitedly agreed on nunu for HH. My boyfriend and I have been trying to make it to nunu for months so it wasn't hard to agree.
The decor is sleek, sexy, and bathed in red light. The space is small with a few large tables but mostly little alcoves for two people. A great date spot with good music playing but not too loudly.
We ordered the kare kare fries, hot wings, chicken karaage, chicken meatball and chicken thigh yakitori sticks. We also split the HH cocktail, a whiskey sour.
-The kare kare fries were hot and delicious with the curry sauce coating the fries nicely in a slightly spicy sauce. I could easily eat the entire serving myself.
--The chicken karaage was crispy and flavorful with moist chicken. The portion was pretty small and the chicken pieces weren't huge but it hit the spot for fried chicken.
-The yakitori were okay with the meatball better than the thigh. The meatball was bouncy and not dry at all. The thigh didn't have much to it. I'd like to try other skewers.
-The hot wings were generously spiced and had a nice kick to them. The meat was almost falling off the bone but could be crispier.
-The whiskey sour was good but nothing out of the ordinary. Their bar offerings look extensive so I'd opt for a more unique drink.
Overall, nunu is a great spot to grab bites or drinks with a few people. It has a great atmosphere and makes you feel like you've left Philly.Place is good. This place is real good. Get a whiskey highball, few yakitori skewers and the chicken liver toast. The price is right. The service is great and the food is excellent, especially the toast. Thank you!Went on a weeknight at around 5:30 to avoid the wait. The food was delicious and we liked everything we had on the menu (especially the miso cheese and toast and the chicken sandwich. Only complaint is that the drinks were a little underwhelming for the price.Unfortunately as the other reviews, I've expected better than the "looks" of it. Its a beautiful warm atmosphere and the flow of the layout, but the food isnt worth the experience. I've notice people go there for drinks more than for the food. Appetizers are $22 and was very skippy for what the yakitori meats than its really worth. not the mention the Katsu curry was $16 when the quality was $10 at most, especially for the location area. I am sorry, but I think this food isn't high quality nor was it flavorful. The only thing I can honestly say is that the place is beautifully lay outed, but the food is quiet rubbish for what its worth, and EXPENSIVE!!!  Do not eat here, I promise you... NOT worth it!!!  Go to Japan if you want real quality food for the pride that the couture REALLY has!!!The Katsu was alright: not great not terrible. The yakatori was good though: recommend the scallops and mushrooms! The fried avocado was my least favorite.
Overall the food was alright but was not worth the $$$I've been here twice already sat once at a table once at the bar!!! The staff is so nice!!! Our waitress was a sweetheart and the busser/foodrunned (a younger black male) was soooooo nice!! He recommended I get a bread pudding when I was stuffed to the max and went for it because he was so nice and I was obsessed it was delish! The 2nd time was last night  I sat at the bar and it was really fun! The bartender was so chill and blended right in with the beautiful atmosphere ...I don't eat meat so I got the Brussels sprouts and the impossible burger which I almost died over because it was so amazing I had to double check that it wasn't real meat! Perfect for vegans ! My boyfriend got a meal that he said was amazing as well it was on the bigger plates section with wet rice and drumstick chicken .. lastly I can't forget to mention the drinks AMAZING I forget my drink name but it had brown sugar and some type of champagne in it .. I had a couple of them and I could have had a couple more :) I will be back!!! And I have friends going now alsoFood: really had high hopes as a veteran katsu sandwich lover. The yakitori were great! That ends about there as the chicken were undercooked in the sand which and everything else was either too saucy or too burnt. The beef tartare on the toast was too salty and the toast was burnt. With that stated, everything else besides the food in the restraint were great!
Environment/decor: very cute spot to take your date so it's great! The red backlight is kind of cool for a Thursday date night.
Customer service: the staff was amazing as they're really nice about everything and even sent the beef tartare twice but the kitchen couldn't fix the issue.
Cost: you're looking at $40/person without alcohol so pretty good for the portion.
Tip: order the yakitori sticks with some cocktails and you will surely enjoy the experience. For the foodies, this might not be the best curry katsu experience.Wanted to love this place.  It's in a great location.  We got two things of fries and they were both pretty salty.  I had the chicken katsu (which is like a fried chicken sandwich) and my husband had the ramen with chicken.  We wished the chicken ramen had smaller pieces.  Both seemed to be missing something.  We also had the roasted beets which didn't look great but they were amazing.Our group decided to try a bunch of different menu items and they were all amazing. A few of the portions could have been larger, but the quality was greatAbsolutely delicious! The skewers are bomb, great service and love the round "pod-looking" seating style for parties of 2.I really liked nunu. I thought the decor was fun the food was great, the drinks were nice too. Went back a second time with my fiancé and the food wasn't as good. I think it's a great place for a cocktail, but in terms of food it really depends on what you order.Tried this place for the first time a couple of weeks ago and we liked it so much that we came back this past Saturday for my boyfriend's birthday. This is what a dining experience is supposed to be - creative, fresh, delicious, fun atmosphere, excellent service. Lots of care goes in to the dishes and service. I'm in love.
Standout offerings I'm coming back for (again and again):
Tuna Dip
Grilled avocado
Chicken Wings (WOW so good)
Eggplant katsu
Jiro Dreams of Cuba cocktailI'm a Fishtown frequent flyer and was super excited finally be able to experience the highly anticipated Nunu Bar. 
The ambiance is a mix between authentic Japanese decor meets expensive New York bar that you'd never be able to get a reservation at. The room is flooded with red light and feels sexy and mysterious, while still being inviting. I was really digging the giant red flickering chicken on the back wall, a very nice touch to the overall serious aesthetic 
My boyfriend and I both had drinks, him a lager I don't remember the name of, but I'm sure he could've gotten it anywhere, and I had got the Blossoms on the Boulevard whiskey drink complete with whiskey ice ball. We sat, sipped and were treated to great conversation with the friendly bartenders as we ate wasabi peas with chopsticks. 
We only came for drinks and some apps, so we ended up snacking on the kare kare fries, which are fries covered in japanese curry gravy, which were not too spicy thank gosh. My best description would be something along the lines of Japanese poutine without the cheese curds. 
If you're looking for an intimate bar and dining experience, Nunu is the place.A friend recommended this newly opened restaurant- so we decided to give it a whirl. When we arrived we were told the wait would be about 90 minutes (normally this would have been a deal breaker) but we gave our info and walked around Fishtown. It's pretty amazing how quickly it's become a hot spot.
The atmosphere is fun, staff was friendly and although the lighting wasn't great for taking photos of the food- we thoroughly enjoyed everything we ordered. 
We started with the yakitori sampler - which had an assortment of chicken skewers, Brussel sprouts and scallops- all delicious, but the meatballs that you dip in egg were our favorite. The chicken liver mousse on toast squares was awesome. Next up the raw tuna dish, served with rice crackers was surprisingly creamy but very flavorful.  The last thing we opted for was the impossible Katsu curry- my first time trying an impossible veggie burger and I'm totally hooked. Of course we ended the evening with sake and our server gave us a taste of two other brands that they serve as well. It was worth the wait. Definitely recommend giving this new spot a try.I was hesitant with trying Nunu because it's the same owners as Bing Bing Dim Sum. I personally do not find any of the food here and there any good. Even after posting my review on Instagram, I've had a few followers tell me how their experience was bad as well. 
The interior was beautiful! I loved the lanterns on the ceiling above the bar and the seating next to the bar. They had cool cocktails and Japanese sake/whiskey - but you can get these drinks elsewhere and for a better price. 
The food, which I should've already known, was disappointing. The skewers were $3-7 each. They were so small and not worth it. You can go to restaurants in Chinatown for a way better price and portion!!!!! The ramen was extremely salty and the chicken katsu sando tasted almost exactly like Federal Donut's fried chicken sandwich. 
Nothing original here. Go save your money and eat somewhere with authentic Japanese food.My boyfriend and I went to Nunu to celebrate our one year. We thought it was fantastic! Our server Suzie gave great recommendations and was very attentive. Also great atmosphere with the fun music and lighting. I would definitely recommend it!Fun place for happy hour-- $1 skewers, discounted wings (which is one of the best menu items) and obvi HH sake. For a deeper more foodie cut, grab the chicken katsu sandwich (not on HH), the yellowtail, and sochu or a unique sake. Fun interior vibes and decent service. Seems a bit Americanized but still a satisfying place, and fun with a small group!Absolutely loved this place last night.  It's a small bar but has a great atmosphere with the all red lights. Everything we ate here was incredible.  The sushi hand rolls were phenomenal.  The tuna cracker is by far the best rendition on this I've ever had with the really nice warm rice that's crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside with a perfect bite of spicy tuna on top.  The chicken wings were perfect as well.  I will say that my favorite thing about this spot is their draft whiskey high balls.  These drinks are insanely good and dangerous because you want to keep ordering more.  I particularly liked the #3 which is a boulevardier with Japanese whiskey mixed with a lot of their draft club soda which makes it really refreshing.  Can't wait to go back.Everything from their Yakitori, sushi, and sake to their ice cream , it's all amazing! The ambiance is very unique and something specialStaff is great... everything else was just ok.
I love the decor, and again the young lady who waited on us was great.... however no one in my group enjoyed our food. It sort of just existed.
We went during the Weekend HH, which is s PHENOMENAL concept, execution left a little bit more to be desired.I met up with a friend at Nunu for happy hour and we wanted to try a little of everything, so we ordered all the food items on the HH menu.
- HH sticks ($2): Not bad; we were served 3 yakitori sticks of mushrooms, scallops, and sliced hotdog, I enjoyed the scallops and mushrooms, and at $2, it's really not a bad deal
- Hot wings ($5): a little spicy for me
- Miso cheese & toast ($6): I didn't have any, but this was highly recommended by our server, and my friend (and my husband who ate it later that night) really enjoyed it
- Chicken karaage ($7): My absolute favorite HH item. Crispy on the outside, soft on the inside
- Squash & cabbage salad ($5): another one of my faves. This salad was very refreshing and pairs well with fried foods.
- Fries any style ($5): We went with the kare kare fries and thought it was ehh. I would have much rather have had Frankford hall fries with curry ketchup instead. 
We also shared a spicy tuna dip ($16), that was served with large, lightly fried rice crackers you can scoop the spicy tuna dip with. The spicy tuna dip was fine, it tasted like how spicy tuna would taste, but the rice crackers were overly salty. For drinks, we had some sake off the happy hour menu, and each had a glass of bornado, which we thought was okay as well.
I also got a katsu curry plate with pork ($16) to go for the hubs and he enjoyed it. I had a piece of the pork and it was nicely fried, but the curry sauce looked just like the same sauce on the kare kare fries.I want to start with saying Nunu is not bad, but it's definitely not great either, especially at this price point. Moving on...
When an izakaya-inspired restaurant from the Cheu/BingBing team was announced in my neighborhood of Fishtown, I was excited to say the least. For years, I have loved the comfort, casualness, and deliciousness of Japanese street foods like yakitori, okonomiyaki, karaage, takoyaki, tamagoyaki, etc. I loved the idea of a dimly lit, no-frills environment where I could watch craftsmen grill these foods and serve them directly to me.
Fast forward a year later, Nunu has turned out to be almost none of this. There is little to no thematic, conceptual cohesion to the menu. Dishes are mostly just a rehash of what you can find at their sister restaurants, Cheu and Bing Bing. They even started to introduce sushi because I guess no one was digging their attempts at Japanese street food. The yakitori, the one food item that remotely resembles the spirit of an izakaya, are decent at best, boring at worst. I wish the staff studied true yakitori masters and reinterpreted that through their Cheu/BingBing lens. No wonder they had to whip out the sushi card.
Aside from my complete disappointment in the lack of the izakaya spirit in the dishes, the food quality itself isn't anything noteworthy. For the price, the food is uninteresting and uncraveable. This is bizarre given their inspiration - Japanese cuisine - is one of the most interesting and craveable cuisines in the world.
With several visits under me, I keep asking myself the same question, "What is the point of Nunu?" Cheu next door serves pretty much the same type of food, at about the same price, with about the same hours.
There's so much potential in having the inventive, irreverent team from Cheu/BingBing interpret an izakaya for Fishtown. I sincerely hope the staff reads this review and really consider whether they truly have it right and truly have it done well.
Those looking for a true Japanese comfort food experience in the area, try Maido in Ardmore. Cheaper too.Came here for Happy Hour. Ordered one of each item off the HH and the CityWide special. Citywide for $8 during HH...is not really a deal, but that's ok.
The Chicken Karage which is only available during HH was amazing. 5/5 - highly recommended. Cabbage salad, cheese fries and miso cheese were good, but nothing to write home about. The two HH stick, which was (1) 3 pieces of mushroom on a stick (2) hotdog on a stick...were both disappointing. The Hot Chickens wings should be renamed to Salty chicken wings. 
After Happy Hour was over, I ordered the Chicken and scallion and chicken liver yakitori to give their yakitori a second chance. Luckily...both were good! Overall, aYo, really great spot! The vibe is very cool it's dark with a lot of red ambient lighting so it's very relaxing. They have a ton of imported Asian spirits including soju from S. Korea! 
I adventurously tried the chicken hearts upon a friends reccomendation, I was blown away they were very delicious. Pro tip order lemon with them and drizzle that on the skewers. I also had the specialty sushi roll with soy paper on the outside and red pepper flakes it was one of the most delicious rolls I have ever had. Very good flavor and the middle had shrimp tempura and a little bit of a spicy shrimp on top  
The drinks are really good as well. They had a specialty drink with green matcha in it, so damn good. They take the time to hand craft the drinks to perfection. Very extensive list of spirits and a decent craft beer and imported list. 
The bartender and staff were really down to earth and friendly. They had great suggestions and everything was very good! I will be back.Would have given this place a better rating if the service wasn't so trash. 
Visited this place for date night after hearing great things.
The food was good, the drinks were terrible. 
The host was very unwelcoming, the server, Kate, was rude and standoffish, the only pleasant/friendly employee we had contact with was the food runner. There were lots of flies and mosquitos, when I told the server she told us it was because we were seated next to the window, didn't offer us to move. The food runner noticed the flies and mosquitos after coming to our table for the third time he offered to have the host move us, we declined (we were already nearly finished our meal)The Inquirer's reviewer might not know if it's a bar or a restaurant, but who cares when the food and drinks are so perfectly made and presented and the service so good?!   We've been three times already and will go again soon (and if we can't get in to Nunu, we'll settle for Cheu next door, which is equally terrific).  Last time we had two orders of the delectable chicken liver mousse on milkbread, and I'll have a tough time next visit deciding between the yummy chicken sando and the impossible sando.  The kare kare fries - bring me more!   If it's your first time, start with the day's yakitori tasting as you sip your first cocktail, and then go for more.  And don't pass up dessert, which changes regularly - sometimes strange unexpected concoctions but always dreamy, creamy and delicious.   Enjoy the decor, too - the red-tinged Japanese lanterns add a magical glow.We had the grilled chicken skewers, grilled avocados,spicy tuna tartar, fig ice cream, and tried 4 of the sakes. Everything was excellent. I would most recommend the avocado with smoked trout roe, fig ice cream and a sake flight.Very good - perfect place for great drinks and exceptional food. Chicken meatballs are excellent. 
Fantastic whiskey selection, and quality service!The staff is overly friendly and this review has nothing to do with them. I decided to get the curry because I'm vegetarian, but in all honesty it was the worst curry sauce I've had. The eggplant was goooood but the curry was watery and lumpy and wouldn't recommend getting if since it's not authentic at all.Really loved it here!!!! The food and ambiance was great. Definitely recommend their sando's and curry fries. The wings were super spicy, but bangin (no pics of them though because we dove right into those bad boys). The downsides were that the drinks were underwhelming and the wait was an hour and a half. However, if you're not in a rush and want to try something unique I would definitely recommend!The red tinted lighting makes this place very fun. The drinks were there and their food is a hit or miss. The chicken plate I had before was amazing but then the last time I had a katsu sandwich it was literally a small chicken katsu with some katsu sauce in a normal sized white bread cut up into four long and thin pieces. I basically overpaid for a piece of thin chicken bread and wonder bread. But the place is a fun casual place for dining or a date and also you can buy their cups if you ask. Their water cups were cool so I offered to buy it and the owner was cool enough to sell it to me.Stopped in for drinks and a few quick nibbles at the bar. The fries were spot-on. The lamb belly skewers, totally delicious. The chicken meatballs also hit the spot. Great spot for snacking & drinks, would return any time I'm in the area.Great service, quaint atmosphere, and delicious food. Our bartender Dalton was awesome. We never felt rushed and the cocktails were solid. We will be back very soon to try more food. The cheese fries were great and the yakitori of thigh and liver were superb. Another great addition to the neighborhood!My husband and I absolutely LOVE this place! We order 2 orders a piece of their shrimp...YUMMY! The vibe in there is sexy, trendy, and comfy. The red lights put you in a mood for fun lol The customer service is also stellar. Will be going back again and again as we already do. Keep up the good work and bravo to the builders/designersGreat happy hour! The happy hour specials are available at the bar and the tables so we sat outside in the shared patio with Cheu. 
Ordered the chicken skewers, meatball skewers and squash sketchers. The meat skewers were better than the the squash but I liked the harissa sauce on the squash. We also ordered the tuna rice crackers which I loved. The grilled avocado and wings were also good.Came here for dinner to catchup with a friend and when we walked in they told us it was Happy Hour!!! We were planning on getting noodles but ended up being to full from the HH apps & rolls. 
Let me start off the food review by saying the Rangoon's were AMAZING! They're a must order!! Their Black Garlic Wings were unique and topped with a lime, scallions, and sesame seeds. Not your typical wing toppings but I would definitely order again. The chicken wontons were below average. Neither of us were impressed or particularly liked them. As for the sushi we ordered 1 of each roll off the HH menu: Kani California,  Crunch Spicy Tuna, Shrimp Tempura, & Cucumber Avocado. Although they were basic rolls they were very good and each roll was super fresh!  
I will 100% be back to try their full dinner menu.Such a great place to be bad!
Great food, even better drinks. One of my favorite spots in philly hands down.So impressed by the food, so incredibly disappointed by the service. We were greeted and sat by wonderful hostesses, the food runners were fine, and the person who served our drinks was nice. However, our actual server was clearly irritated to have anyone sit in her station. We were so uncomfortable and couldn't eat fast enough to get away from there. The manager (Charlotte) spoke to us after our experience and only stated that "servers work for tips"...well if that's the case, working with kindness as the expression you wear and the action you demonstrate will ensure excellent tips. Buy your food to go :)Food was excellent and service was good. Portions just right.  Reasonably priced.  
Only reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is the "BOH Tax" of 3%.  A paragraph on the bill helpfully explains that it goes directly to the back of house staff. I'm happy to see cooks and other non-wait staff make more money. But that should be baked into the price of the food and ownership should pay more if they want to see those folks earn more.  It shouldn't be a mandatory- and hidden until the bill arrives - tax on the customer.  It's a deceitful way to do business.Um, you'll light some $20s on fire and visit McDonalds afterwards. It's okay but pricey and not filling.Just popping by to say thank you! NuNu gave me an early reservation for a larger sized birthday celebration. They were so pleasant to coordinate with and were really accommodating for our size including a small baby. The staff was great and put up with my pesky parents/in-laws who were a little out of their element and probably wished they were at an Olive Garden instead, by the end they were converted tough! We had a gluten free and a soy free guest and NuNu was great about making sure they could prepare things specifically for them to eat. 
On top of this, the food is great. Many rolls, skewers, appetizers, katsu, curry....you name it we ordered it. Everything was delicious and beautifully presented. Drinks were delish too. 
 THANKS NUNU!NUNU IS OFFICIALLY OPEN! 
Unfortunately I just can't bring myself to give it a higher rating than 3 stars. I absolutely LOVE it's sister restaurant Cheu but I went to Nunu on its opening night and the inside of the restaurant is beautiful. They did an amazing job transporting you right to Tokyo with the red lanterns that light up the bar. The place is very small. There is a few standing tables, a few booths to house only a few people and then about 4 two person booths and a full bar to sit at. Very small though. I came in with 1 other person so for a table if 2 they told us we would wait 50 mins.. we didn't even wait 15 mins! It was great. They have the service where you provide them with your cell phone number and they text you when it's ready. They'll hold the table for 10 minutes when you get the confirmation or you can release it. 
We got several dishes:  
Breast chicken yakitori 
Meatball chicken yakitori 
Grilled brussel sprouts
Katsu chicken sando
Katsu pork curry plate
Kare kare fries 
My favorite part was the meatball chicken yakitori and the amazing sauce that it came with! My other favorite was the brussel sprouts- they were awesome. 
Unfortunate I had ordered the katsu chicken sando and the katsu pork curry plate but they switch them up and we ended up with the pork sando and the chicken curry plate. I definitely enjoyed the chicken more than the pork. The foods was good but I walked out still thinking about Cheu. I will definitely try again and wait for them to get more comfortable as it was only opening night.
I look forward to a great opportunity to try again and I'm sure they'll only improve!I really liked this place. I was pleasantly surprised by the happy hour menu - lots of good options for a very reasonable price. We got brussel sprout skewers and chicken skewers for only $3/each. The beet and avocado salad was a standout. I would say this is a good weekday option - sit at the bar and go for HH.My husband and I were just hanging out and while I was scrolling on Google I came across this restaurant, and found the menu so intriguing we decided to head to Philly for the evening and check it out.
We called but found out they don't take reservations, but were seated immediately upon arrival. Our waitress could have been a little more helpful and warm, but she wasn't rude either.
We ordered a couple of drinks, which were good. The crispy beef and kimchi dumplings were delicious, and so were the furikake cheese fries, but they could have used a lot more furikake on them.
For our entrees, my husband ordered the brisket ramen - I tasted some of it and it was outstanding, the broth was really flavorful and interesting. I was a little underwhelmed with my choice, the shrimp yakisoba, which was a little too sweet and the flavor was one note and not very complex. 
All in all, though, it was a good choice and we thought the experience was good and worth it.Ambiance and customer service is definitely a 10/10 for me. As soon as you see the bar, a part of you kinda wants to bust out in a photoshoot to take advantage of the urban tokyo street style theme. Their sake list is also quite impressive due to their plethora of practical to luxury sake's available. 
Ive had the land and sea roll, tuna roll, Japanese fried chicken, and the Vietnamese cheesecake. Would hands down order 50 rolls of land and sea rolls if I could cuz that dish literally took the trophy this dinner. The cheesecake was also a perfect way to end the dinner. I highly recommend this place and would come back.SUCH great food. Menu is very unique. Prices are super high though for SOME items which are small portions, like the sushi roll. Small bites for $15. But other items priced appropriately. GREAT food and options.What a cool place - right in the heart of Fishtown. 
Great happy hour deals! The menu is already fairly priced, but this makes things extremely affordable. 
It is a small space, so prepare in advance and make a reservation. 
The food is delicious, and their chicken is no joke. Would recommend getting the passion fruit ice cream!
Entire joint is authentic, from the decor/lighting/art on the walls to the food they are whipping out.  Can't go wrong!Don't be confused with the chicken symbol on the door this isn't a fried chicken place like I had assumed. It's an Asian fusion tapas style place... yum!!
Ordered the spicy tuna rolls, mushroom skewers, milk bread toast, salmon poke, and the beet & avocado salad.
All were really good. Top 3:
1) Spicy tuna rolls
2) Poke
3) Mushroom Skewers
The tuna rolls were so good that we ended up ordering two plates. The spicy mayo hits the spot..
Price point is good. You can try a lot, giving you variety and still keeping your wallet happy.The food is really great and the service is awesome. I'm just really disappointed with whoever made the decision to remove the majority of items from the happy hour menu. My fiancé and I are used to go there all the time and enjoyed the skewers, the wings, and the dumplings at a really affordable price. Hopefully, management will take this review and revert to the old ways!Nunu is vibes when it comes to their decor and their seating arrangement. The red lit lanterns above the bar sets the mood for intimacy. 
It's a pretty small restaurant, so I would not recommend it for groups. They have 3 round tables in a booth that's okay for 3-4 people; the rest of the seating is for the bar and for party of 2's. My friend & I were seated at the booth in front of the door, so it was a bit cold, but not terrible since they have a vestibule. 
We ordered the Spicy Tuna Dip to start. It was delicious and it had a good spice kick to it. For our main meal, we shared the Chicken Katsu Sando with Kare Kare Fries and the Yakitori Tasting, which consisted of: chicken thigh & scallion, chicken heart, chicken meatball, chicken breast, hanger steak, & mushroom. The Chicken Katsu Sando was decent. It was crispy and light in flavor. The Kare Kare fries were flavorful, but I prefer the fries to be crispier, since the curry makes it more soggy. The Yakitori Tasting was my least favorite. All of the yakitori/skewers tasted like it was overly drenched and seasoned with sauce that it made it too overpowering & salty for my liking. I've noticed the same trend after trying their other sister/brother properties such as Cheu Noodle Bar and Bing Bing Dim Sum. Overpowering and salty. I mean they said it themselves on their website: ""What do we, two dudes from Philly, know about "authentic" Asian cuisine? Nothing."" Can't expect anything more than Americanized "Asian" cuisine here. However, I will say that nunu is best restaurant I've had out of the 3 I've tried so far.
Aside from the food, Nunu is a great place for drinks and light bites. Three out of the four menus are for drinks. Too bad I don't drink.Came here in the summer of COVID, where they were offering both the nunu and cheu menus simultaneously. 
We ordered some sushi rolls, gyoza, momos, elote rangoons, and chicken wings. All of the food was fine, but for a place that I expected to be a little nicer, the quality is what you would see from any other Asian restaurant attempting fusion. Unfortunately, not a place I would venture to again.This small but totally cute place is worth checking out. The food was on point and the price wasn't bad at all. I loved the attention details here. From the lanterns on the ceiling to the toppings on the crab California roll. Again the food was on point. Atmosphere was hip, young and definitely fun. The reason why I'm not giving a 5 stars is the drink size. The beer size is as big as a cup of coffee and we had to keep ordering more due to the small glass that it's served in. Maybe this was intentional to increase the bill but I rather you them charge more and give me a bigger glass. #babybeerDined here on a Saturday night for dinner with a friend of mine. We were seated in 10 minutes though we got there almost an hour prior to our reservation. It's a VERY small restaurant, super loud and very RED! They could have definitely worked a little better with the lighting. It's red everywhere. I personally loved their high table booths, with high ceiling which was very intimate and not red! There's just enough light for the food!
From the yakitori menu, we got the chicken breast, meatballs, thighs, mushrooms and brussel sprouts. They arrived pretty quick, along with a soy based sauce with egg yoke on top which we had to mix. That sauce was yummm and took the yakitori to another level. Chicken was tender, rightly spiced (I'd say very mild), my favorite were the mushrooms and the meatballs and the brussel sprouts were my least favorite. 
We also got the Japanese curry fries, which was amaaaazing! We don't "love" fries, but this bowl was gone in 10 minutes. If you've ever had the Indian chickpea masala, the Japanese curry tastes very close to the chickpea masala gravy. We loved it! 
Overall, great food, great service, didn't like the lights! But that won't stop me from returning. Those friesCute lil place jn the hood. Great cocktail collection and happy hour menu is awesome with $1 skewers. I like Chicken Katsu sandwich and Kare Kare fries. In my recent visit they changed the menu and no longer have kare kare fries...please bring them back. They are so delicious.Bf and I had a date night here and chose to sit outside. They have a few tables set up in a small alley next to their restaurant. Overall, we had a good experience but the food just didn't blow my mind. It just wasn't one of those lasting impressions.
Spicy Chicken Momo - These were like little fried dumplings and definitely full of flavor. It definitely was not spicy but I do have a high tolerance.
Chicken Katsu Sando - Just an average chicken sandwich... I wish there was more to it. The chicken was pretty thin.
I honestly can't remember what was in the empanadas which was one of the specials for the night. That goes to say that I wouldn't recommend it anyway, OOPS.I ate here with some friends on a Monday during happy hour. We ordered every food item off of the happy hour menu, some drinks, and eventually ordered off of their regular menu for more drinks and food. Everything from the kitchen and bar was wonderful. My only problem was the service. I've been in the restaurant industry for 7+ years and I understand how busy the dinner rush can be. We were barely checked on, we had to constantly flag our server down to get another drink or order food. We spent over $76 a person at my table but was treated like we were wasting their table space. I appreciate service staff working during a pandemic but I haven't been treated that poorly in a long time.This place is amazing. Every plate we ordered was even better than the one that came before it. The chicken Sando was fire. Definitely come here.Love this little gem! The skewers are all delicious - (scallops and hanger steak are favorites.) You can't go wrong with anything on the menu. It's packed with flavor and inspired with Asian fusion. The drinks are also delicious. Def stop in!I made a reservation last night for 2 in their outdoor spot. The level they respect remaining distant from the table and minimizing touch made me feel so safe venturing out of my house. I'd def be back. But most importantly, the food is out of this world. Packed with flavor. Beautifully presented. And done to perfection. The sushi we ordered is the best I've had in a long long time. The beef skewers were OUT OF THIS WORLD. Every single item we ordered was a delightful surprise. The service was incredibly sweet and professional and welcoming. And the outdoor space and lighting are absolutely charming. Do not miss coming to this spot. One of the best experiences I ever had and some of the kindest staff anyone could ever have. And they were so sweet to make adjustments to their menu options to suit my stupid diet. Hats off! Cannot wait to go back.stopped at nunu on a whim - and it was happy hour! grabbed 2 sushi rolls, the cheese fries & an apple sake cocktail - very good portions for the HH pricing ! 
cute little outdoor space with heaters - hope to see inside one day!Vibes: trendy, bar-centric izakaya with red mood lighting and pop music; bring a couple of your friends to settle into the semi-private booths, sit at the bar, or stand at the high-tops 
Tasting notes:
-Lime cordial: definitely stir it up before taking your first sip to get a good mix of refreshing bubbly-ness with a touch of alcohol and fragrant lime
-Kare kare fries: served hot and tender to the bite, reminiscent of McDonald's fries in cut but not as salty; curry sauce is onion-y, a little goopy
-Pork sausage with kimchi: snappy and juicy, tangy kimchi cuts the fat really well
-Yakitori tasting: six skewers that come with delightful little cups of flavorful bone broth; soy sauce dipping sauce with slightly cooked but mostly runny egg was lovely with the fatty, deeply umami meatball skewer; my favorite was the rich, smoky lamb belly
-Katsu sando (pork): toasty, fluffy bread is perfect in thickness with respect to the crispy and juicy pork cutlet; slaw is not too creamy, adds a nice crunch and tang, and doesn't make the sandwich messy at all; nutty sauce is addicting with the fries
Other thoughts:
-Drink-centric menu with mostly appetizers felt true to izakayas I've visited in Japan
-Server brings hot towels (oshibori) 
-High-tops have coat hooks underneath for coatsSince my last time at Nunu, their happy hour menu now looks even less impressive and two of the most awesome items, like the chicken karaage, miso cheese and toast are now removed. The service here has always been pretty good, but I'm just disappointed with the new happy hour menu.stopped by on a sunday late afternoon for a quick drink during their sunday HH
i got a sake and a blue crab handroll (not part of the HH) the sake was definitely on the dryer side, i personally thought it tasted a bit like tequila and wasn't a fan
as for the hand roll, it was OK! i wish it had more crab, the filling (veg, caviar and crab) to rice ratio wasn't the best in my handroll experience. 
i liked the look and feel of the restaurant which entices me to come back for a true meal and drink experience. but so far, not badHip spot that fuses new American and Izakaya styles seamlessly!  Lovedthe highball menu too.Recently stopped in for happy hour with a friend and definitely a fan! Very similar vibe to Bing Bing, but I liked the food way more. We tried the spicy tuna crunch roll (without mayo because of dietary restrictions but still delicate and delicious), the shrimp tempura hand roll, the Japanese fried chicken, some skewers, and the yellowtail crudo. The fried chicken and the crudo were my favorite, but the price difference relative to the portion difference between the two makes me more inclined to return for happy hour and not a regular meal.Japanese is my favorite cuisine so when I saw many yelp elite commenting how great this place is i decide to stop here for dinner and give this new place a try. 
I enjoyed how cozy and intimate the decor is here and how welcoming and attentive the host and servers were but this place failed to impress me with their food.
The French fries and chicken yakitori was great but I was so disappointed in the beef tartar dish. There was a generous amount of tartar but it was so overwhelming and the burnt toast was just not edible for me. The server was nice to re make the dish but again it was not appetizing. All together each dish we ordered was salty and overpowered with sauce. 
Aside from the food, this place seems to be a really fun place to come drink. I didn't try their cocktails but the menu has a very wide selection and the bar top area is really nice. I believe this place can improve a lot in their food quality but nothing stood out to me tonight.Great spot for Happy Hour, offered every day of the week (M-F 4:30-6:30, Weekends 4-6 PM)! 
MUST HAVES ~
-BEET & AVOCADO SALAD: absolutely perfect combination of flavors and textures. 
-FURIKAKE CHEESE FRIES: I didn't know cheese fries could taste so good. I've been vegan for a year and I only cheat when I have these fries. Worth it. 
-CREMINI SHROOM & SUMMER SQUASH SKEWERS: good little snacks 
-MILKBREAD TOAST: not really my thing, but all my friends love it
They have some great cocktails, and the hosts, servers and management are always super friendly and accommodating.Best miso I've had. Great unique cocktails and yummy sushi too. Weekend happy hour (3-5) specials were a nice surprise.This place was recommended to me while I was in the area. The menu looked great and I will never turn down happy hour! I had the Crunchy Spicy Tuna Maki and Corn Rangoon's off of the happy hour menu - the spicy tuna was alright but nothing special. Same with the Rangoon - i really liked the idea but the flavor was lacking - I feel like it could've benefitted from more jalapeño. I also had the Land & Sea Roll and Crispy Beef & Kimchi Dumplings off the normal menu. The roll was again just alright, it was super bland honestly and just tasted like rice and sauce. The dumplings were crispy which I enjoyed and had good flavor - the pepper topping puts in work. But I couldn't find kimchi anywhere? So overall the food was pricey for what you get and disappointing and I wouldn't go back, unfortunately. I love that they have Shochu though & that was good, as well as the atmosphere.Nunu is a move for happy hour! The vibe is cool- intimate with dim and neon lighting- very similar to the other Cheu restaurants.
The menu here is More Japanese inspired and outstandingly my favorite out of the ones I've tried (Bing Bing and Cheu Fishtown). We ordered the spicy tuna crunch roll, shrimp tempura handroll, peppery fried chicken, glazed chicken skewers, Brussels sprout skewers, and yellowtail crudo which I really liked although everything was great/prepared well and light. 
Because the menu and portions are small, happy hour is definitely the best deal (order a lot) and many of their cocktails look fantastic. We tried the cocktail of the day which was an Asian inspired old fashioned- I'm not a big whisky guy but it seemed lighter and more drinkable. I would definitely come back.Great new restaurant attached to Cheu in Fishtown. The ambience is very unique, something I've never quite experienced. Lots of red lighting and features, nodding to Japanese culture.
My friends and I split a few Yakitori skewers - scallops, chicken meatballs, chicken liver, and chicken with scallion. Out of all of them, I definitely recommend the chicken meatballs with the accompanying sauce. 
For my main course, I went with the chicken katsu and rice. (I also shamelessly took a few bites of the katsu sandwich.. the bread is AMAZING.) Portions were great, I definitely left with extra. 
Would highly recommend!Overall good. Super crowded and the service was somewhat a miss for that, but it was still friendly and we received all our order without a miss.
They have an outside bar that hugs the patio of Cheu Noodle Bar. I'd recommend sitting out there. Solid menu options, skewers and apps, the tuna dip was amazing.
Drink special was a tequila gimlet and that was the star of the show. Go for drinks at the very least.Quality was excellent but portion ($100+ for two) was sooooo tiny that I had to order another $80 worth of bbq from another restaurant after we finished.Friendly friendly staff! Thank you. We did take out and it was smooth sailing.  Loved the milk toast!!!! Everything else was alright/good. We got rolls and the fries. Nothing was a standout and nothing was bad. Checks the box for sushi.First time back for Happy Hours since the pandemic began. I was glad the amazing atmosphere and customer service hadn't changed. We ordered the Milkbread Toast, Furikake Cheese Fries, Corn Rangoons, Black Garlic Wings, and finished off with Crunchy Spicy Tuna and Shrimp Tempura Maki. Everything was tasty and flavorful. The portions were appropriate and reasonably priced. Going to nunu for Happy Hours was a no brainer!I loved the vibe here but the portions are pretty small and you definitely need to order a lot of small plates to share if you're feeling anywhere above semi-hungry.
Loved the wings and would order that again!I went to nunu for the first time on a Sunday evening during dinner time. We didn't make reservations but they had space at the bar, which offers the full menu. Warning though: the Restaurant space is really small. There are not many tables, so I'd definitely call ahead if you plan to go on a busy night. 
I ordered the little green monster cocktail, which had matcha, gin and egg white. It was probably one of my favorite cocktails in the city. It's also very unique and I haven't had anything like it before, so I would recommend this place just for the bar and cocktails. 
For food, three of us shared the satay sampler, the ramen, the brisket burger and the hot wings. The hot wings were amazing!!! But they ran out when we tried to order another round since they only have a certain amount of wings each day. The ramen was also very good. The satay sampler was not as filling as I expected and the brisket burger was only alright. We added the curry sauce to the side of fries that came with the burger and those fries were very good!This place made me feel like I was in Japan! More than the food, the ambience makes this place great! I ordered the impossible sando. I didn't really know what to expect but it was delicious! Very unique and unlike anything I've tasted before. Also, drinks were delicious. It is definitely pricey and not enough food for the price. But, overall I would revisit this place. Also, seating is limited!