Not a bad spot to stop in for a quick lunch.
I came a little after the initial lunch rush and I think it limited my options. There wasn't much variety to the leftover pizza. I ended up getting a slice of the cheesesteak pizza and a slice of mushroom and cheese.
The cheesesteak pizza was pretty good. White pizza with tons of american cheese and steak meat. There were also dollops of cheez whiz. I did wish it had red sauce but I asked the counter for a side which they were more than willing to provide!
The mushroom pizza was super eh. I should have just gone with a slice of plain cheese that seemed to be the freshest. It was like heating up an old piece of pizza. I showered the entire thing with hot peppers which made it better.
Good price & quick service tho.As far as I'm concerned, this place is the bee's knees when it comes to pizza in Philadelphia.  Pizza preferences are so subjective, but I think NYPD would please anyone.
Their crust is thin, but not too thin, and has a subtle snappy crunch when you bite into it.  Their mozzarella is glorious - never rubbery, and never too greasy.  It even holds up during delivery.
I took a group of hungry folks here after bingo at Varga bar, and everyone ranted and raved.   It's the perfect slice.NYPD  Pizza is not affiliated with any other locations.  This is the only NYPD Pizza in Philadelphia.  When you google NYPD Pizza it defaults to an Arizona menu.  This is not our menu.  We therefore do not have the same prices or the same menu.I thought it was okay. Nothing over the top, but I'd like to try ordering a pizza to see how it tastes fresh out of the oven.  I only had a plain slice, which wasn't heated that well and was probably sitting out for a while, so it didn't taste that good.I'll preface my review by saying I'm hard to please when it comes to pizza by the slice (although this only applies during daylight hours, when I tend to be slightly more discerning about my pizza that's been sitting out uncovered on a counter for who-knows-how-long) but I just wasn't thrilled here. The slice was sort of just meh all around. The bf wasn't thrilled either (and he's much more enthusiastic in his slice affection) but he did seem to like his purchase a little more than I did. Pricing isn't terrible for what you're getting, but I don't think I'll be back.These guys are awesome!!!, one time they accidentally put garlic on out pizza(I can't eat garlic)  within 20 minutes we had a fresh pizza at our doorstep for free.Best sicilian pizza I ever had.  If you haven't tried this place yet,  you need to remedy that asap.A lot of places around the city claim to have the best New York slice - but this place is the place to go. Always have had good service and fresh pizza whether it be a slice or pie!! Perfect amount of cheese and sauce - and the crust is just the right thickness. Don't leave Philly without visiting this place!This is THE BEST pizza I have found in the city!!  The crust to cheese to sauce ratio was perfect.I believe this is the best pizza in Philadelphia. If you know New York at all (I grew up there) then you'll appreciate the food and the people who work there. They work hard. They make good food. And, they are usually busy, like most good eateries (especially around lunchtime). For those that are complaining about the people who work there, you don't get it. If you want to have a long conversation you'll be holding up the line. And that's rude of you! If want to share about your day, your kids, your life, bring a friend and do it over a slice. My advice is to exchange pleasantries ("Hey how's it going?") order your food, pay, sit, and eat. Let them do their job and serve you a great slice. Also, if you holler "Thanks" or "See you later" on the way out, they'll tell you "Have a good day." Keep up the great work NYPD!The absolute best pizza in Philly, hands down. Try the sicilian for something different. It's huge - I warn you. Regular pizzas are all perfect - every time. Eat it once and you'll be telling all of your friends.Let me just say that even though I grew up on Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and had birthday pizza parties as a kid, at some point in my adulthood, I turned my back on pizza.  Looking back, I realize that this is indicative of a system: pizza is just not what it used to be and every year, it's harder and harder to find a good slice.  Some people blamed it on Philly's hard water; others pointed to the inability of processed cheese to melt right; frankly, I didn't know what to believe...
And then, I tried NYPD's pizza and the first bite of that cheesy slice brought me back to my childhood.  Thinking of Michelangelo (the turtle), I almost mumbled, "Cowabunga" in between rushed bites of pizza.  So, so good.
NYPD Pizza has made pizza a weekly thing for me.  As Hayley Sara B says, it definitely holds up during delivery; plus, their delivery guys are so friendly and polite.  I also like the added touch of NYPD's pizza box: "In Pizza We Trust" (seriously, it says that)!  I guess my point is that NYPD has brought pizza back to my life.This is really as close to New York pizza anyone's ever going to get outside of New York. When I went there, it was empty, but that did not keep them from making fresh pizza. I was kind of impressed with the service. But the pizza, of course, takes the cake.Moved back to Philly from NY.  Believe me - it's hard to find good pizza in NY as well.  NYPD is fabulous.  We've tried a lot of places but they were really pathetic.  
The only negative I have (maybe they added salt) - is that it was too salty.  Not while eating - but couldn't quench my thirst the entire night.
STILL worth it.I really really wanted to like this pizza.  I've been in Phila. for 3 yrs., and still have not found a proper 'everyday' pizza.  Delivery was prompt, the folks taking the order were courteous and the pizza arrived hot - enough.  Problem was it was overly salty, not super flavorful and the Hell's Kitchen Hot chicken wings were completely mushy on the outside due to steaming in the carry out container.  Also, the celery was wilted as a result of the heat and steam. 
And so I press onto the next pizza candidate....This place is terrible. The people are courteous, but the pizza is awful. Dull cheese, bland sauce, and cardboard crust. I have no idea why people rave about this place to the degree that they do because the product just doesn't cut it.I know this has nothing to do with NYPD police but I  just want to say to support anything that has this logo.Best pizza I've had in Philly so far! I love New York pizza and this definitely satisfied my craving for good pizza.  Prices are reasonable and the staff was friendly, too.  This is my new go-to pizza place in Center City area.Best pizza in Philly.  I order at least weekly and these guys deliver FAST.  I don't find it over-priced in the least (we'll go the Rustica route when feeling fancy).  The boneless wings are bangin'  too.  We love the White Pie with Spinach and Ricotta.  Killer good stuff.Leave it to the New Yorker to call NYPD Pizza her favorite spot in Philly.
Growing up in NYC, I'm a self-proclaimed pizza snob. (I'm also a pretty basic millennial girl, so I have a love affair with pizza.) When I went away to undergrad in University City, I was sorely disappointed in the pizza options Philly had to offer. Ended up settling for/falling in love with Powelton's.
Coming to med school in CC, I was devastated to be outside of Powelton's delivery range! But I very quickly found NYPD Pizza since Jeff orders most of their pizzas from there. (Trust them, they're doctors!) Sure it's a little kitschy with its NY theme, but they make a darn good pizza. Finding a good crust is no ordinary feat, and these guys nail it. Their sauce is also A+.
Service is friendly, pizza is great, I'm always a happy customer.With pops across the street from NYPD at Jefferson I do my best to come visit him during Eagles games. Hospitals aren't exactly cheery places to begin with and for 80% of this season the Eagles play has complimented the dreary atmosphere perfectly. A few weeks ago I thought I'd surprise him with some cheesesteaks as the hospital food was beginning to get a bit redundant (turkey and gravy literally five nights in a row). Unfortunately Jake's was closed so I figured I'd grab some from NYPD. 
The roll was decent, fresh and chewy but the steak had zero flavor. Neither of us finished them and I was forced to watch the systematic collapse of a once proud organization on an empty stomach. It's really too bad because the guys working there were extremely friendly and accommodating. I guess I am to blame for going to a New York pizza shop for Philly cheesesteaks. This point just hit me and I'm a little embarrassed.The buffalo chicken pizza in NYPD pizza is the best thing since sliced bread.  Prices are really cheap but quality is amazing!You know everyone is RAVING about how great the pizza here is, but I kind of think it's lacking.  I was introduced to this place by a friend how apparently has had great food here.  But the pizza we got was way salty, the slices were way too think, and it wasn't as piping hot as pizza should always be.  So called friend said that once they get to know you the pizza gets better. haha I don't see the rationalization in that, but whatev's.  I'll pass.Coulda been better, coulda been worse. 
The wings were soggy and the spinach ricotta white pizza was way too rich. 
I sincerely hope this isn't the best Philadelphia pizza has to offerA couple other pizza joints compete for my affection (Soho & the Dock Street Brewery), but NYPD is definitely amazing.  Sometimes the grab and go slices can be a little lackluster, but if you order a pie fresh, you're in for a treat.  If you swear by a true New York style pie, then this should be your hangout - the owners are Brooklyn to Philly transplants, after all.  
Having lived in the Chicago area for the first decade of my life, their deep dish pizza doesn't exactly come close to the real thing - but it's a worthy and filling attempt by an East Coast pizza joint.Still the best slice hands down, With Lorenzo's using sweet sauce, Zio's limp crust, and wurst pizza's change of quality, this spot consistently delivers a decent slice of "Plain" yet not so plain pie. well seasoned sauce ( of which i think makes the pie), lightly fat laden cheese, and a beautiful crispy not so cutting the gums crust. Its not a bad go to spot for a good slice. Innovation is not the key here, its consistency, churning out a fine slice of something familiar is the selling point. However, NYPD is closed most weekends, as you walk by you'll notice, no hours of service posted anywhere near the entrance so its a quick deduction this is a really mom/pop sort of enterprise. in conclusion, a little pricy, at 3 bucks a slice, but consistently good.I have been here a few times. Everything I get from here is decent. It isn't bad but it isnt good either. The pricing is fair though for the portion.As i wrote in a previous review, I LOVE PIZZA. All day everyday. But as much i hate to admit it i have become one of the minions of the mass produced pizza. Papa Johns and Domino's have been the church of pizza that i have worship and giving many tides too lol. So much that though they keep records and they know it by heart, i actually saw MY delivery guy walking to work on south street. "Hey Kev"he says ..yeah i dont know if that is a sign of an obsession,or that i am fat...Jury still out on that particular subject..
.Anyway i have my own small town pizza at home in NJ that i love so much i dont even look at domino's there. At some point during this past summer i was walking back from visiting either visit my fiances best friends at HO tans or maybe i was walking back for bainbridge after getting a few shots up not sure. But i decided during one of my usual long walks i was pretty hungry but i had already past the Wendy's and didn't feel like turning around and going back to that one because that Wendy's is sort of gross. It also smell like the one big urinal cake. Wawa was way ahead and next to my apartment so that served no purpose for the immediate missed-meal pains i was experiencing at that time. So i thought i ll try this pizza joint i past with the open window i see all the time.
Now i went to school in FL and i vaguely remember a NYPD down there and wasn't a big fan of it. So the name made think of the overcooked disc that called "pizza" that i only nourished myself on when i was either drunk or hungover,so as to be happy with food being in my stomach and not the taste...ewww. So i went in and immediate got a feel that this place was not Florida, its small and nice and most importantly the got the pizza right which is obviously the aim. It was awesome,so awesome that i continued to stop there every time time i walked pasted it. Gooey and crispy to a point not like snap or anything like cardboard...cooked almost to perfection every time i have gotten it. Though i still order domino's this is my new at home pizza place that i walk to get a pleasant reminder of my little town in jersey. Hopefully it will be yours too. Enjoy!!I can only give this place a four stars after trying another pizza spot today, but the very first time I tried NYPD pizza (mind you I'm from the Midwest) it was an mouth explosion of awesomeness that I couldn't even began to describe: still can't a week later. 
I am addicted to the NYPD: best part? They deliver so I am in love!!! Now only if Lorenzo's can deliver, but for now I'll take the NYPD pizza as my quick fixes like a junkie.Husband and I were (and are still ) looking for a good pizza spot! He is a pizza elitist and can't seem to find a philly pizza home. 
On Labor Day we tried out NYPD-  got a plain pizza and chicken fingers deluxe. 
We were pretty disappointed! The pizza was mediocre!! Nothing memorable about it. the chicken fingers were tough and cold. and the fries were stuck together and hard. Not a great use of 30 bucks. 
Onward we go to find out philly pizza spot!Delicious. I run an office of 20 young, outspoken college kids. We've been looking for a good, reliable pizza for months-- who knew it was right around the corner? The storefront and inside are deceiving, this stop-by/pickup/delivery place is awesome! Great pizza! Can be slow, and its def. not the cheapest, but it's good good pie.Pizza was GREAT!! Service even better!! Being a New yorker myself, loved the thin crust and sauce. GREAT JOB!!A slice of home for me. I moved to Philadelphia from NY and after a few miserable years of Philadelphia pizza I gave up on the nectar of my youth-then I got a new job and one day we had a little pizza party and I said to myself "hey that stuff looks like real pizza..." and I took a bite and then I had to find out where this delicious pizza came from. Now I take at least one trip over to NYPD for lunch a month. It is SO GOOD. Better than 99% of the pizza I've ever had. I highly recommend the spinach and ricotta slice which is my favorite offering from this delightful little shop. The decor is pretty much all Yankees with a bit of other NYC memorabilia thrown in for good measure but I am sure even the most die-hard Phillies fan can suck it up for a chance to try this awesome pizza. I'm not sure if it's the crust, sauce or cheese but for New York refugees, it is just right.I had white pizza with spinach, and white pizza with tomato. The white pizza with tomato was a tad too greasy, but the white pizza with spinach was amazing! Best pizza I've tasted around here.Yum!  I had a slice of their bruschetta pizza the other day, and it was quite possibly the best slice of pizza I've ever had.  I also ordered a slice of plain, but ended up taking that one home because I was too full from the first piece of heaven.  The plain slice was not so great leftover unfortunately, but definitely worth trying again.  The sicilian pizza is also amazing, if you're into a thicker crust.Do you know HOW HARD it is to find good pizza in this city?! SO HARD. A good floppy slice of pizza isn't rare in Jersey but somehow difficult to find across the river. This isn't the best pizza in the world, but probably the best in Center City.So these guys like gave me and my friend free slices today (Sicilian & buffalo chicken, respectfully.) While a dime didn't come out our pockets, I'm willing to spend it soon. Legit the best pizza I've had in a while.Pizza is pretty good but fairly overpriced.  I do like the pizza they make but given the amount of competition in the area I would think they could price a little betterBest standard slice I've had in Philadelphia. 
We were looking for a quick bite before the Craig Finn show at Milkboy and didn't want to return to Gianfranco's, where we ate last time before milkin' it up. NYPD deserves a solid four stars. I tried it, it's true. 
Thin, crispy crust and flavorful sauce and cheese. My square slice of Sicilian had fresh mozzarella and basil, too. I think NYPD will be our go-to spot before grabbing a drink at Milkboy from now on.Don't listen to the bad reviews.. this is the best pizza in Center City! MANY varieties of slices some of which include: Margherita Sicilian (my favorite), Plain Sicilian, Ricotta/Garlic and Spinach white pizza, plain, pep, cheesesteak pizza, BBQ chicken, Veggie, Tomato Pie, Mushroom and MORE. Staff isn't always the friendliest but c'mon your in Philadelphia, its def not the cheeriest city around. Great place to stop by for a quick lunch, you won't be sorry.This is hands down the greatest spinach ricotta pizza I have ever had. When I visit Philadelphia, my first stop is to this pizza place. If you like white pizza, you must try this place. It has lots of garlic, abundant spinach and generous piles of ricotta. It crispy and oily and chewy all at once. I have not tried their other options, as I love the spinach too much. But in chatting with the owner, he told me he makes 95 lbs of dough once and sometimes twice a day! This was while he was sizing out chunks out of an enormous pile of dough the size of a bosu ball. Go visit this great place, you will not be disappointed!Always a fan of this place.  The buffalo chicken pizza is outstanding.  Tons of great Yankees wall hangings.  Careful when you go because about half of Jefferson goes there for lunch.  A little pricy for pizza but you do get quality.Delicious!  A lot of places claim to make NY style pizza, but these guys do it right!Pure New York pizza, fresh ingredients and speedy service. The staff are pure New Yorkers with years of experience being in the pizza business. Large selection from there menu so don't worry about going hungry, if you want a recommendation of what pizza... "RED TOP" tell them John sent you....I've only had slices here. but in my 6 years living in Philly after 3 summers at the shore, coming from somewhere out west where Pizza Hut is king. It's the best I've encountered, so far.Overpriced and overcharged. The pizza is good but the small 10 inch pizza is a poor value being twice as expensive as the large based on volume. $15.00 for a 3 topping 10" pizza seems a bit high. A quick look at the menu at home showed the price charged included an extra topping. Maybe an honest mistake but the same additional topping charge was also made on a second large pizza. Coincidence? Recommendation, order a large and always check your order before paying.Reasonably large, foldable slices with a thin crust. The cheese and sauce are pretty much exactly what you'd find in a good NY pizzeria. One of the best I've found outside NYC. 
At $2.50/slice (plain) it's worth stopping by.Convenient and quick eat in my neighborhood.  I've tried a couple of their specialty pizzas and I really liked them.  I really like the fact that they give me good pizza whenever I go there.  Warning: their buffalo wings are very, very hot!The service was eh. The pizza was too. We had a pizza craving and walked over from our hotel. SoHo Pizza was far better.Great stuff! Guy (owner) has the secret for perfect pizza!  This will be one of of not the BEST you've ever had.Damn good pizza. And they deliver to Passyunk Square, and you can use a cc over the phone! When I really need just a simple slice of pizza, I hit NYPD.FANTASTIC Hoagies.  The meat and veggies are fresh and the cheese is melted just a little.  The bread is delicious.  Simply amazing.  The Italian and American hoagies are both delightful.
The salads are fresh and well sized for 2 meals/people.  
And, the prices cannot be beat.  A 10" hoagis is $6, and it's STUFFED full of fresh yummy goodness. 
Calling to make an order for delivery is quick and simple.  The people on their end of the phone are courteous, competant, and really know their food.  
I would eat here all the time if I lived in the city.  As it is, I love using them for catering events, and grabbing dinner on the way home.Thin crust: YES! YES! YES! 
Delicious sauce: YES! YES! YES! 
Cheese quantity: GOOOOD! 
I have been very happy with my pizza for lunch time at NYPD pizza! They are quick and delicious. I love pizzza so much and there's does not disappoint for sure. They have lots of selection but i usually get plain or mushroom. I can't say enough about their crust, ITS SO GOOD! making this review makes me want some....dinner? I don't..... probably. Don't let the exterior confuse you! Go get some!Craving pizza one Sunday night...and instead of ordering Slice...tried this place for take-out. Attempted to substitute a topping for another, but not allowed. Surprised at that, but declined to add a topping for $3. Two pies were $30 and change...one plain and one "gourmet." Pizza wasn't fabulous and considered mediocre in my opinion. I was disappointed, but you don't know until you try.
In short, won't be ordering from here again, yet willing to try another place if the mood strikes.NYPD is the best pizza delivery I have found in my years in center city.  No one else even comes close.  The crust is just thick enough to give it a slightly chewy quality when you bite in, but thin enough to have a nice crisp finish.  The sauce on the standard pies has a perfect blend of a little sweet and a little spicy to set off the rich tomato flavor.  I find they are a little heavy handed with the cheese, but I just ask them to use a little less.  They also make a veggie stromboli that is straight out of this world.
While pizza/ stromboli is the real reason to order from NYPD, their sandwiches, salads and wings rate above average as well.  I have been less impressed by their pastas, but would still order them in the right context (i.e. a profound pasta hankering on a night my husband was jonesing for wings).
The prices are right, and the times for pick-up or delivery are usually pretty speedy.  If you are ordering pizza on some prime sporting event
evening that will be popular for pizza, allow them a little extra time.
p.s.  When fresh tomatoes are in season, their tomato pie cannot be beat.Being from NY, I knew I had to check out whether NYPD Pizza represented its name appropriately. As much as I enjoy a great deep dish pie from Chi-town, nothing beats a NY slice.
So on a recent weekend, the GF and I ordered from NYPD Pizza. Unfortunately, even in this day and age, they don't offer online ordering nor do they have a website. There is a menu on Yelp, but it doesn't seem to be accurate.
Sicilian Pie ($17.95)
The menu lists a "new" half-Sicilian item, but when I attempted to call and order this, the employee was incredulously clueless. On top of that, the actual prices seem to be about $2 higher than those on Yelp. In any case, we still went with the Sicilian, looking for pillowy dough, buttery crust, and a nice topping of cheese and marinara.
NYPD Pizza's Sicilian was, for the most part, on point. This one was more of a thin-crust Sicilian, topped with a well-seasoned marinara and a nice amount of mozzarella. The bottom crust was nicely buttered, but the outer crust was a bit dry and underseasoned. 
Eggplant Parmigiana Sub [$7.95]
The GF was in the mood for an eggplant parm sub, which was decent. The bread could have been crustier, but seemed relatively fresh. There wasn't much eggplant though, so each bite was more cheese and marinara than anything else. 
French Fries [$4.95]
Of course, we had to get some fries, and these were pretty good. Well seasoned and crispy, the innards were nicely creamy. 
Overall, NYPD Pizza gets the job done, but not exactly on the scale of the best single-slice NYC pizzerias. Delivery is prompt and after 5PM, it's $2 (as opposed to free). If NYPD Pizza wants to up their game, I'm sure a website and online ordering through a GrubHub or Seamless wouldn't hurt.Definitely not NYC quality pizza as they claim but certainly passable as average for Philly.NYPD Pizza is the worst pizza place in the city, quite possibly the worst dining establishment in the world. I work in the area so I've stopped by a few times when the craving for pizza became too strong to ignore, but from our very first encounter it was apparent that NYPD Pizza would not be making a fan out of me. The staff is incredibly rude, treating women with ceaseless adoration and men with a pseudo-aggressive machismo that can only be expected from a New Yorker. During one visit I actually left prior to paying (but not before having the big ape heat up two slices) because these guys were just radiating attitude.
If simply being in this establishment  doesn't leave a bad taste in your mouth, just wait until you've tried the pizza! The plain slice is just that: plain. Not bad, but nothing to spend $4 on. Now the pepperoni and sausage slice is a real experience. The sausage looks like rat droppings, and surprisingly enough, the taste is true to the image. I would like to see the results of the health inspector's visits.
As an extra note: the name is terrible. "NYPD Pizza" is like "ATM machine". "Pizza" is included in the acronym. The name is "New York Pizza Department Pizza". It's redundant and annoying, and not the least bit clever, though I suppose I can't expect more from the knuckle-dragging neanderthals that run the place.While I find their pizza to be between standard-one of the better Philly options, I gotta say their cheese steaks are really good! 
I ordered a cheese steak minus lettuce and tomato, but with provolone, fried onions, and hot peppers. The sandwich was enormous, the bread was surprisingly good, the fried onions were perfectly crisp, and the hot peppers gave it that extra kick I like to have in my cheese steak. To top it off, I got a side of hot sauce (99% it was just Frank's, but whatever) that took it up an extra notch.
Gonna have to try some of the other specialty items on their menu now!I guess my first mistake was having high hopes for an establishment whose motto is In Pizza We Trust. Second mistake was being in a rush and scarfing down three slices of tomato pie in rapid succession. Third mistake was not refrigerating the entire thing and microwaving it the next day which improved the flavor exponentially. Fourth and final mistake was not realizing how greasy the pizza was until the underside of the box was completely saturated and dripping on the rug. To their credit, it was probably olive oil drizzled over the tomato, but what a damn mess.They make some pretty solid pizza, I would say the best of the lower end pizza joints that I have seen in the neighborhood. I could definitely use them as my go to spot when I need a pie.It's a little shop right across from Jefferson. The NY decor is awesome. Pizza was great had plain and buffalo. Slices were on the small side. I will. E back.This place has been open for a few years now but until recently I had never stopped in. My wife had been telling me that its really good but I had no idea  just how good. I actually went in for the first time just as the Phillies were getting ready to face the Yanks in the 2009 WS. I heard the owner was diehard Yanks fan and I went in for some smack talk and some food.  What I discovered was the best, THE BEST, THE ABSOLUTE BEST pizza I had ever tasted. Went in to talk smack, walked out having tasted the best pizza on earth. I shit you not this place is awesome, I now go at leat once a week.  So far I have been in twice this week.  I sometimes go after work on friday and take a couple pies home for the kids since its BETTER than any pizza in South Philly.  Its all good, but my favorites are the tomato pie and the margharita.  Go now and go oContinuing on my bf's quest to find the best pizza in CC, this New Yorker spotted NYPD Pizza while we were out and hunger was making it's voice heard in the pit of his stomach. I challenged him to discover if their pizza could possibly be close to NY pizza - you can't name your pizza business that and not expect customers to want that quality of pizza.
He opted for just one slice of their pepperoni, which they reheated for him, and we sat down for his afternoon snack. The pizza looked close to NYC slices, but he wasn't completely satisfied with the quality of toppings. The crust was thin, crunchy not crispy, and the cheese was good but the sauce was so-so. He said that overall it was good, but it wasn't the best in Philly and it certainly wasn't NYC pizza. The guy behind the counter certainly acted like a NY-er, barely a word or smile directed at any customer. A pity, but it just means there are many other pizza places to still try on this quest.Best Pizza in the city, I go out of my way to get pizza from here, just amazingI was really looking for something special with the reviews. However, I just did not taste it in my slice. I had a plain slice while my wife tried the slice with fresh tomato's. Hers was definitely the better choice. I will give it another shot but it wasn't all that. Not bad mind you just not above anything else that you can get around here. Certainly not better than Vince's or Charlies in the Northeast. Or Tony's for that matter. Service was prompt and friendly.Great pizza, and great employees. I walk past this place almost every day and the same guy has been there making the pizzas for over a year. They always keep a solid inventory of pizza slices throughout the day and night, and they have a pretty consistent business so you'll never end up eating slices that have been sitting on behind the counter for too long. This is one of my go to slice places in the city. Always surprised that in addition to the standard pepperoni and cheese they always have at least a few slices of BBQ, Spinach, Red Top, or some other option available as well.
Would highly recommend the "Red Top" which has the cheese underneath the tomato sauce (some call this a Tomato Pie). It's real good.Probably the best pizza that is available in center city.  Big fan.  The only downside is they are closed on saturdays, no idea why but other than that I like them a lot.Long time customer and so SO DISAPPOINTED. I called to order take out and I was told the delivery would take an hour and a half. Upon my calling to confirm the time I was rushed off the phone and told that my order would get there in 2 minutes and that I shouldn't be calling in the first place because my estimated delivery time still had 5 minutes left. However, I received a phone call two minutes later from the same person because not only did he not take my credit card info correctly, the delivery person hadn't even left the building. Too bad the person on the phone (turns out he was also the manager) was so nasty and childish. He actually said "Don't tell me what I said." I mean really? They've definitely lost a long time customer.Although I am an avid NY basher (due to A deep seeded hatred of the giants, mets and Yankees) - they do have some good pizza up there and NYPD lived up to the NY standard.
  Got a white pizza and a cheesesteak pizza last night and they were both delicious.  Crispy, well cooked thinish crust and good toppings all around.
I would pass again on the cheese fries which were lukewarm mc donalds fries that came with a small container of cheese whiz.  
Looking forward to trying more of the menu.You should only been there if you want a slice of fast food pizza before going home, it's like a good pizza when you go back home after a party!
Or if you are close to your money and don't want to spent too much for your friends that you ve invited cause you can eat at 4 on only one pizza.... (with the associate quality...)It does it's job, so for that I won't go below three stars. I mean I've been here many times since I spend a decent amount of time at the hospital. The people working here are pretty fast. They have your standard slices, and they taste like standard slices. I've definitely had worse slices, but those places would be getting bad reviews. I feel like this is passable, I'm not upset after ordering here, but nothing is memorable.
It's not really fair to compare to new york city, but who cares... if this were nyc I find it hard to believe this place would get 4 stars, but I may be wrong. It stands out in philly cuz philly isn't really a place to get good pizzaAwesome NYC style pizza, which I can say having grown up on it! Clean place with nice, authentic atmosphere AND cool, friendly, helpful staff. I wish I'd found this place sooner, but I'll definitely be back. It's my new, go-to pizza place in Philadelphia!Where else can you find an NY slice in philly? My only complaint is that I didn't find this place sooner.  Basically from the moment you step inside this place, you feel like you're in the city, from the narrow hole in the wall feel, to the case of delicious pizzas right up in your grill.  I just went with boring old plain slices but it was so good and what I've been craving! As a New Yorker I have very particular tastes when it comes to pizza and this place has been the only one that comes close to NY standards in Philly.On my way home a few nights back, I had a sudden urge for a great slice of pizza.  I'm a huge fan of Lorenzo's on South, but it was out of my way and I was feeling some toppings.  I stopped by the NYPD pizza shop on the outskirts of the Gayborhood to try their slices. 
I walked in an met face to face with a schizophrenic pizza shop.  The name should have tipped me off.  There was Italian music playing and other "motherland" decorations.  So you're trying to be a pizza shop with an Italian identity named after NYC located in Philly?  What's the deal?  Further, this is just a stop-by joint.  Sure, there are a few tables in the back, but no one is hanging out here.  It's a grab and go.  There's no problem with that, it's just not charming. 
Despite the atmosphere, I was impressed with the shop.  There were several different types of pizzas half cooked and sliced, just waiting for a hungry patron to say the word have have the slices whisked into the oven for the final minutes of baking.   
I opted to go with the veggie slice, which was covered with diced tomatoes, green peppers and garlic.  The ratios of the toppings, cheese, crust, and sauce were impeccable.  The crust was perfectly thick and crispy.  There are so many pizza shops in town that just don't have this kind of skill.  Everything tasted great.  Honestly, the taste of the pizza was enough to make up for any of the short fallings of NYPD Pizza.  
Bottom Line:  I generally don't expect to shell out $3.24 per slice.  I also don't generally expect stop and go joints to have excellent pizza.  Although I may not stop by again anytime soon, this is surely the best bet for Center City area pizza.Spotted this place while walking around Philly.  It's a little hole in the wall, a few seats pretty much covers it.  Plenty of NYC memorabilia on the wall.  The service is NYC style, tell me what you want and tell me now.  I had a cheese slice.  Reasonably priced and not bad.  While I prefer my pizza thicker, it had a decent sauce to cheese ratio.  No beer here so I needed to go elsewhere to wash it down.  I would come back.Pizza was really not that great. Here from Colorado and at home we eat pizza from Anthony's.  This pizza was not even close to being as good as home.  Cheese sticks were yuck.best pizza i've had in center city.  the white tomato pizza is AWESOME.  to the person who said it was too thin, then don't get thin crust. order chicago style or sicilian.Amazing, flavorful slices heavily loaded with toppings.  Many vegetarian options.  Terrific, hearty Sicilian thick-crust slices with lots of cheese.  I can't recommend it highly enough!Delicious delicious delicious. The crust wasn't too thick and the pizza was thinner than most. The sauce was delicious too. We just got a pepperoni delivered and it was perfect for a night in.