I live above this OCF,  and I also lived above Mug Shots when it was here, and I have to say OCF IS WAY BETTER! The sandwiches are phenomenal (fig and brie & the roast beast are my faves) and the is friendly and helpful.  I'm so glad they moved in (and feel bad it's taken me this long to write a review) 
ALSO: make sure to try their specials, they're ALWAYS out of this world!One of my favorite spots to do work. High quality coffee, nice variety of brunch options (served all day) 
The only downside is that the wifi isn't always the greatest and it takes them awhile to make drinks sometimes.Looking up breakfast places for our trip to Philadelphia. Located across the street from Eastern State Penitentiary was a great café.
To be honest it's a little pricier then what is labeled on Yelp. But no matter, I felt it was well worth it.
What did I find here? Inspired brews! Kombucha made right here in Philadelphia, I think that's awesome to see a small operation with such a great presence.
This café had plenty of options. Breakfast was delicious. We opted for French toast with slabs of turkey bacon. Not that overly processed stuff, thus was like hearty turkey bacon!
Cappacino was delightful, the presentation was aesthetically pleasing with the fern design. I know, I sound like a total douche. Cappacino was delicious either way. Don't look at me like that, shut up.
Service was very good. And it's set up as a self-cleaning type operation with the bins for dishes by the trash. The place was clean, and very busy. There's also a section on one side for you to set up with your laptop, that area was packed. It must of had outlets. Also nice because I think this place has WiFi.I'm a big fan of this new addition to Fairmount.  It's super spacious with plenty of seating and it's very well lit with bright walls and a clean, fresh ambiance.  When its nice out, they open the big garage-door style windows for an open layout--very nice touch now that Fairmount can be hard to snag in the warmer weather months.
Their coffee is priced comparable to the other coffee shops in the 'hood... which was a little disappointing.  I was hoping this place would have great prices that would hopefully drive down the cost of a cup-o-Joe in Fairmount.  That being said, they have a big menu with a BYO option for Mimosas and Bloody Mary's.  Me likey.
They have some classic coffee-shop food choices, with some new funky twists (tomato, basil and goat-cheese cornbread?).  Again, I was kind of hoping this place would serve up some more inexpensive options... but I'll take what I can get.Coffee is good - apple cider is completely amazing. I'll give it four stars bc the beverages are good, it's a nice, big open space. The drawback is the food. I've never had a good food experience here. 
It always sounds like what you order is going to be good and then it comes out pretty disappointing. 
Examples: egg sandwich - how can you mess an egg sandwich up? By having way too large of a slab of soggy eggs in a chewy bagel.
Yesterday's beef and potato soup was bland and gave me indigestion all afternoon. 
Will go back for beverages.It's not hard to give a cafe like OCF top ratings when it all comes together like it did on the afternoon we stopped in...  The service from Meredith, the food and the ambiance all clicked.  Meredith was awesome... a combo of personable, professional and attentive. Kudos to her!  The food was great. So much to choose from- coffee, smoothies, wraps, sandwiches, veggie dishes and baked goods. 
OCF is a terrific spot for a casual meal where you can connect to wifi, study or just relax and watch the world go by.Before I run the Kelly Drive loop, OCF Coffee House is the perfect pit stop in Fairmount.  I load up on their generous breakfast plate of egg whites, warm whole grain toast, and rosemary potatoes.  It's a testament to their healthy and clean food preparation that I haven't hurled on Kelly Drive yet.  I also appreciate their early bird morning hours and they serve brunch through the entire day (fist pump).  Eat like a champion, run like a champion.Great food- had some trouble connecting to wifi and the employees were not sure why, but overall a good experienceThis place has far and away become my favorite study spot.  I love that it's spacious and gets so much natural light.  It makes long days of studying seem not so bad.  The staff is super friendly and everyone seems generally happy in there.  The music is always good, and it's never too loud.
The food is excellent.  Perhaps it is a little pricey, but I generally find the portions and quality to be decent enough that it doesn't make the food outrageously priced.  Nothing I have eaten here has been bad, and at this point I am pretty sure I have explored almost the entire menu.
The drinks are good, but I think they are overpriced.  $2.75 for a decent, but not great, cup of coffee is a little extreme.  The iced coffee situation is especially troublesome because they do not give refills on iced coffee.  You have to pay full price if you want another one.  This is kind of insane and frustrating, especially if you're sitting in there all day and studying.  I would say maybe they don't want lingerers, but no one has given me crap about being there for 8 hours at a time, and I generally spend at least $10/visit if I'm there that long, so I don't really understand the problem.
The outlet situation is good, but not great.  There are a lot of people who set up shop in this place, so sometimes getting to a plug can become competitive.  However, I generally find that if I sit down elsewhere, I can move to a spot closer to the wall within 30 minutes.  
Finally, they accept credit cards, which is a major plus in my book.
All in all, this is a great addition to the neighborhood, and by far my favorite study haunt in the area.Wide variety of brunchy food with many GF options. Very good coffee in an open + friendly atmosphere. Reasonable egg sandwich on gluten free bread is $4.50. Anodyne coffee is ok too, espresso is better. Bright froggy green is the signature OCF color so there is that too.I can't say enough about how much I love OCF on Fairmount.  OCF was a godsend to me as I was in my last semester of graduate school taking 2 classes part-time.  They were open til 9 pm even on Sundays, which is so convenient!  They have tons of tables for studying and a decent amount of outlets.
As for the food, wow.  So tasty.  Excellent variety of "real" tea, hot or iced.  Amazing pastries (I love the ginger snaps and sugar cookies).  The roast beef sandwich is AMAZING.  Normally I don't like pre-made food but their chicken salad sandwhich was unbelievable!  And I had some really good pancakes and omelet for brunch.  You're pretty much set here.
It's a nice place for brunch and people watching...I once saw a guy training another guy on how to sell some kind of sports water.  Considering my degree is in water resources engineering, I had a good laugh!
I haven't been back in a bit, but I shall return...I love unpretentious coffee shops!Awesome location, plenty of space (very industrial), and good food and drinks. Only drawback is the chairs. So uncomfortable and way too low for the tables. Makes it difficult to work on your computer, so if you're picky about that, take note.I just spent EIGHT DOLLARS on a breakfast sandwich...turkey bacon, eggs and cheddar on gluten-free bread. It was a soggy and expensive mess. I've eaten here several times now and have always been disappointed, the food is severely overpriced and mediocre at best. If your a hipster or scenster and have no problem overpaying for blah food, this is the place for you.Cute coffee spot on a nippy winter day.  This serves as a typical coffee spot with a wonderful assortment of sweets and light foods.  The location is in a quiet part of town, but due to the State Penn across the street, they'll always have a constant flow of visitors.  We ordered a dirty chai and a matcha chai along with a cinnamon walnut coffee cake.  Drinks was made fresh and hot.  Dirty chai was not the best I've had, but still very enjoyable.  Coffee cake was delicious and not too sweet.  Come enjoy the free wifi and friendly staff in an open concept coffeehouse.A really warm and inviting coffee shop with some excellent food options. 
My GF and I were visiting and stopped in at OCF to grab some breakfast prior to touring Eastern State Pen. Food menu was quite impressive and did have a large selection of vegan options for those interested. Staff was quite friendly and took the time to explain everything as it was our first visit. 
We both had teas, Almond for GF and Peach for myself. One of the better teas I've ever had, GF enjoyed hers as well. Our breakfast consisted of French Toast, Two Your Way egg dish and a side of turkey bacon. Everything was extremely delicious and exceptional value. Portion sizes were quite large. 
Will surely return when back in Philly and in the meantime my search continues for something just as good in Toronto.Great gluten free selection that's tasted great. I had the turkey and the husband had the fig Brie ..both very yummy.Been here a handful of times, but today was probably not the best of all the times.. I'm giving them a 3-star, because the food took SO long. I had finished my latte and a cup of water and kept on waiting for my egg sandwich that I didn't even feel hungry anymore. Nothing spectacular and felt overpriced for what you get..Pretty good coffee,  large, open interior with lots of tables plus reliable wifi make OCF a great study spot (on Fairmount--other locations can get cramped). Not really a fan of their baked goods, but the actual menu is solid if a bit pricey.Excellent choice of foods and teas. Super friendly staff. Hard to get work done here when they're blasting music, but who does work at coffee houses anyway? -_-
Food recommendations? The Power Salad is my favorite. Also a great spot for Brunch.OCF fills a void in the neighborhood; they've taken over MugShots' old space and made it much more approachable. Coffee is fantastic, they also do very well with their espresso drinks. The food is hipster/veggie friendly to good effect. My only complaint is that they do not serve pork bacon and instead offer beef, turkey and tempeh. It's a great work environment - easy to sit down for a few hours and get stuff done.A great location and relaxed atmosphere. The coffee is good and the food is decent but the tables are extremely sticky.
Do yourself a favor and grab a Philadelphia weekly paper and spread it over the table top.As a coffee shop frequenter I feel confident reviewing this as sub par. I have been here 5-6 times and always find it very dirty. The outside tables and bathroom is disgusting and the milk area also unclean. The overall vibe is unfriendly. And they won't give a refill unless it's in a mug (even if I drink the to go cup while sitting there). An au lait is solidly 60-cents or more overpriced. Steamed milk notsmooth done by an amateur. Will try not to retn but not many options in area.Wonderful space for a Fairmount coffee shop; it's huge! I was still surprised to see how busy it was for a Tuesday afternoon, but it seems like there really aren't any coffee shops in the city that have slow days or hours. Even so, there were a good number of tables open though I grabbed the last highly-coveted spot along the wall that allowed for easy plug access. 
I ordered the chicken salad sandwich, a homemade ice tea (I forget the second ingredient but I know it had mint in it) and the Aztec chocolate cookie. The sandwich was phenomenal! I was really blown away. The bread was soft and and chicken salad had a wonderful mix of ingredients. It was delicious. The tea was also good, not too sweet and very refreshing. The Aztec cookie was a surprise. Vegan, super chocolate my, and spicy! I was caught of guard by the kick, but it was just right. 
My only gripe with the place is the chairs. They have got to be the most uncomfortable chairs I have ever sat on in a coffee shop. I came to do some work on the computer, and after two hours I had to go because I was so uncomfortable. They are some kind of light-weight metal and there is no way to relax or feel comfortable at all in them. If it's a tactic for people not to longer to long, then they got that down for sure. 
Basically, if you're going for a big space and great food this is a solid choice. Just don't plan on settling in as your tush and back simply won't allow it!Great place! Atmosphere was very nice and plenty of seating. Had eggs and potatoes with veggies which were well seasoned. Coffee was excellent.  Definitely someplace I'll return to.Love this place!  The made-to-order breakfast sandwiches are spectacular and make sure you try the baked goods made in-house.  Great service too!Gluten free (hipster) heaven. Seriously you can get so many gluten free options here you don't feel left out . It's amaze, gluten free bagels , bread, cakes , coffees and cookies oh boy. I was so shocked. I was able to get a gluten free bagel ( that seemed house made and full size ( unlike the ones at saxbys and green line ) with vegan cream cheese ! Seriously I was in special dietary heaven !!! Seriously , I'd move to this hood to be more accessible to this joint, the boy loved his lox bagel , yes good lox is a double plus ! 
In reality this place has good eats that cater to an array of diets. On the other hand staff seemed stand off-ish and a little rude. Just one guy in particular but still, rude! 
I'll def be back .OCF ... I really, really want to like you.  I do.  And the only thing keeping me in this relationship is your friggin amazing coffee.  Wonderful, consistent Americano's before I teach night class.
And then there's your food.
Several times now (because I wanted to give you the benefit of the doubt),  I've ordered a dinner to go ... from eggs,  to grilled cheese and even soup.
Ugh.   This is where the relationship goes sour.
Tonight:  tomato and cauliflower soup ... bland and plain awful.   Couple that with a grilled cheese on gluten free bread that was so thrown together,  half melted and the crust was hard within 20 min of getting it.  
So ... 3 stars is the best I can do unless you step up the chef game !I've been here several times and have several dishes on the menu. Just like other reviewers have noted, it's a bit pricey especially if you order a beverage + food but the quality is high. 
Dranks
The Nutella Mocha is amazing and an absolute must have for chocolate lovers. The Genmaicha green tea wasn't anything special, and I ended up buying a similar tea at Whole Foods. But I did like the yerba mate, which contains a natural stimulant.
Food
Brunch - The Potato Veggie Hash is the way to go paired with beef bacon. The beef bacon is ridiculously good, and out of this world. I didn't like the Cornflake Crusted French Toast. It was completely soggy inside and had too much cinnamon. Maybe the chef was having a bad day? Who knows.
Sandwiches - Portion-wise the sandwiches are a good size. I usually eat only half a sandwich, but I'm a small person. My favorite sandwich is the Roasted Vegetable. I love pairing the sandwich with the soup of the day. The Tuna Melt was also good and didn't have too much mayo. I would hold off on the spicy mustard if you don't like spicy foods. 
Soup - Soup of the day varies. I like the fact that they have offered vegan soups. My favorite was the vegan chili. 
Studying
As a study spot (especially if you plan to be there for a few hours) it's best to get there in the morning or around dinner time. By the afternoon, it's crowded with several other students/study groups on their laptops. Don't get me wrong, there's still room to sit and outlet plugs available, but you won't be able to get your preferred seating. The chairs are dinky as another reviewer noted and not the most comfortable chair in the world, but I can manage sitting in it for a few hours.went here for a meeting. coffee is good. i didn't have any food, although i heard it was good. the staff was pretty nice although a little awkward with me. it's clean and roomy but nothing spectacular. maybe if i was in the area and needed coffee, sure but not somewhere i'd go out of my way just for fun. also, it's right across from the eastern state penitentiary and there's usually plenty of street parking.A nice casual, hip coffee house, OFC is a great place to stop in to warm up on a cold winter's day, post up to get some writing or studying done, or a good choice to meet up with friends for a chat over coffee/tea.
The atmosphere is very welcoming, the staff very kind and helpful, and the coffee is top notch.  Highly recommended for a place to get some Joe, chill out, and relax.OCF did a great job with the space.  Huge improvement aesthetically over Mugshots, due in large part to freeing up space by using a normal sized cafe kitchen, but also due to the large windows and ample table space.  Also, it helps that there is no attitude from the servers.  In fact, the servers actually seem happy to interact with customers.  Full breakfast menu.  No nasty overpriced fattening vegan crap.  Only drawbacks - prices are still high,with full price coffee refills  like Mugshots, and the Mommagentsia has already discovered the place and so there is baby-stroller gridlock, Please Touch Museum ambient noise, Romper Room child traffic and, totally expected, utter lack of courtesy from young parents who seem to turn every cafe into their indoor amusement center.Great space, tons of tables and decent WiFi, but this place is far from perfect. The service is pretty lousy. When business is slow the servers often aren't near the counter and you have to stand around looking lost until some one notices you. When it's busy the pine backs up really badly and even a coffee can take 15 to 20 minutes. Food is pretty good but overpriced.
Still a good spot for studying.Killer options for Gluten Free folks! 
I happened upon OCF Coffee House after another coffee shop in the area was too packed and didn't have any seating. OCF has TONS of seating. This big, roomy coffee shop will make you come back for more. It's the perfect atmosphere for reading a book, meeting with friends or getting some work done.
I am a little bummed out that they don't serve their lunch sandwiches until after the noon hour, but I understand why they do that. Most of the breakfast and lunch items can be GF which is a huge plus. The staff is really accomodating and super friendly!Love this place and look forward to coming back next time I'm in Philly!! The atmosphere and decor is fresh and cool and I love the number of vegan options on the menu. The vegan pancakes were the absolute highlightGood atmosphere, good tasting coffee, but that's about it. 
Fits into the coffee house subculture well with it's overpriced food and coffee. I once asked for a refill on a large and they said they only do discounted refills on medium, so to compromise filled up the cup 2/3. A meal with a drink is around 10 dollars, and is the size of your fist with a side of chips.
The employees aren't always afraid to let you know they don't like working there either, with a passive aggressive attitude when they bring you food to the table (by only a few, most are fine).
  Also in all honesty whenever I go in there the customers are typically annoying. Lots of babies who can be loud. Not really their fault but it's not drawing me back in either.
Especially since it makes it difficult to do work.
Overall this is place is fine but the quality and service don't match the price. If you are O.K. with that, then by all means this is for you.Went in for my first time today, and I'm so impressed. It's an awesome location with a cool view of Eastern State Penitentiary, all kinds of drink and snack choices, and the food looks fantastic (will be going back to try asap. On warm days they open up almost the entire front wall so it's a huge open-air cafe. All kinds of people doing work/studying. I'm super impressed! It's a little pricey, but a great spot nonetheless.Uh-oh. New favorite quick breakfast stop in Fairmount. Large seating area. A menu more extensive than just bagels and breakfast burritos. Fantastic. I got the eggs your way and split the french toast with my guy and it was great! 
2 small  things that made me roll my eyes. Don't hate me.
1. not a lot of plugs for your computer... The space has got great light so it makes me sad that they didn't make it more computer friendly. On the plus side the music isn't glaringly loud.
2. not a fan of coffee shops being fancy schmancy like having "cold brew coffee"-- that was a genuine eye roll. i also don't think their coffee is as good as some of the other coffee houses around Fairmount. I just like Counter Culture Coffee better.
Positive thing: I saw that they were using Urban Jungle to do their landscaping/window boxes, etc. I like that. I like when local shops use other local businesses. Props to that.
Also the staff is friendly. I've talked to somebody new every time I've been there and they've all been amiable. Way to make me like Philly a little bit more.They carry some mighty fine fresh brewed iced tea.  Also, when feeling evil I have a croissant.  I miss the pumpernickel bagels.   However, the side salad is a good deal - get two one plate.  A lot of interesting people work there and possess local knowledge... in case you need to find places to do something other than drink tea.
One of their cornerstone features is "Sam"  a.k.a. Samantha the friendly giant.   She towers over the other baristas  with her version of "charm" and is either smiling or wiped out from too much HIT training at a gym full of earnest millennials (is there another kind).  It has decent food, great tea, and tables outside for the rare day Philly weather is unpleasant.Great lattes, plenty of wide open room indoors to sit, or study, or just meet friends. 
Lots of outdoor seating, though traffic on Fairmount can be bothersome at peak times. 
Strongly recommended.Love this open space. Windows and good service. Much better and faster than mugshots!!I love the atmosphere, the staff is always so pleasant! this a great place to go with a friend or to enjoy alone.This is a good coffee shop to go to if you are in the area. The staff is very friendly, it is definitely a place to study or chill. 
I can't speak for the food (I've never tried anything other than the pastries) but the coffee is decent, they have some skilled baristas. 
The PB and Jelly bar is soooo good I wish it made a more regular appearance in the pastry case. 
Only two small complaints the get their coffee from Anodyne coffee which is a coffee roaster in Wisconsin???? I don't think the coffee is bad, it  has an interesting unique taste, but it is by far not the best coffee I've tasted and this goes for their regular black coffee and espresso drinks. So why buy from a roaster so far away?   For such a neighborhood centric place why not serve coffee that is from a roastery little more local?  
2nd qualm: The space is SOOOO large it would be nice to have some varied furniture up in there.  Also some comfy furniture!!! They only have these small wooden tables which you can push together and these flimsy uncomfortable metal chairs.The coffee has odd flavors that aren't good.  The pastries are dried up and expensive.  So why even 3 stars?  The cashiers are nice, the wide open air-conditioned space has plenty of seats inside, and there is one treat that is the best sweet thing I've eaten in the whole neighborhood (and I've eaten plenty of them!) : the peanut butter balls.  Chocolate covered fudge-like peanut butter that is kept cold and crisp just waiting for you.  They're not even expensive.  I fantasize about them and you will too if you try them.  My cashier last time remarked that they are 'addictive' which is exactly right.  Gobble, gobble - snarf, snarf!  
If only they were closer to the 'goat,' I could have BOTH: an awesome coffee and a bad ass sweet thing at once.  Alas, I must choose one or the other.I am happy my sister and I stopped in for a coffee.  They have a wide variety, meaning over 5 items that are gluten free of different types of sweets offerings.  They had fresh juices and some small meal options.  My gluten free granola bar was soooo good. I would recommend for a nice treat.Perfect place to work remotely/do school work. There are a lot of tables, so even though it can get busy, you usually have a place to sit. Staff is really welcoming and service is quick.This place is AMAZING!  My wife has celiac and I eat vegan, so going to a place that taste great, has great prices, great food, and caters to both our needs is rare.  But here it is!  The staff was very knowledgeable and extremely kind.  After eating her meal she wanted to stand and give an applause to the chef and restaurant.  Can't stop telling people about our experience here.  Thank you OCF please never change!OMG BEST TASTING MATCHA LATTE WITH OAT MILK I'VE EVER HAD!!!!!!!! ($5.41)...oat milk is 75 cents. It's expensive being dairy-free, damn. I highly recommend this combo tho. Latte art pretty good for a milk alternative. Could be improved (less air bubbles pls!). So delicious though.Super-nice staff, huge, clean space and delicious coffee! I had a heavy cream cappuccino made w/ beans from La Colombe and it was so good, I bought a bag of the coffee to take home. I hope to come back soon!Great addition to the neighborhood! Friendly staff, free wifi and a good playlist. I had the Nutella mocha, which was good but pricey ($4+). Also had the turkey melt which was AWESOME but pricey as well ($8.50+). This is pretty standard pricing for coffee shops in the area though, so I'm still going to give OCF 5 stars. Overall a really nice place...I'll definitely be back!The only time I will give a restaurant five stars is if I'm willing to fight someone who thinks it's anything less than AMAZING. 
I'm a big cafe person. (But not, like, a big person in the shape a cafe or stuck in a cafe. More like I thoroughly enjoy frequenting cafes.) So, I've seen my fair share of cafes/coffee houses worldwide. I stumbled upon OCF one night on my way to a Flyers game. I can't really eat anything anywhere EVER because I have a lot of dietary issues, so everything I get is always super modified and bland, but I was able to order this one veggie sandwich with goat cheese and a brownie, and I think I might have cried a little whilst eating them in the car. I went back a few weeks later and ordered the same sandwich with a smoothie and another pastry, and the same thing happened. It's the food equivalent of playing with a happy, fluffy puppy.
That being said, I love this coffee house.This has been a great study spot for me. Nice and spacious; if it gets too noisy, I simply put my headphones in. 
I went this afternoon and had the Spinach Salad which contained grilled chicken, walnuts, dried cranberry, goat cheese and served with oil and red vinegar. It was pretty good dispite the fact that the chicken was dry. Nonetheless, I have had OFC's Chicken Salad sandwich that I have zero complains about. Coffee is great too. 
Staff is friendly and brings your food to your table with a numbering system. I would definitely recommend whether you want to study or want to eat somepleace after going to tour the Penitentiary.Delicious!!  Fresh food.  Great atmosphere.  Great for projects, studying, coffee with friends...relaxing...Paul, who works behind the counter is awesome. Absolutely awesome. Best thing about this place. Aside from the amazing selection of leaf teas. 
Sadly the rest of the service is really lacking. And the kitchen is all over the place. They served up a wrap that was cooked on one side and literally freezing cold on the other. There was a huge discussion and a lot of passive aggressive behavior over putting it right, instead of just smiling and saying "I'm sorry, we'll fix this". Or just decide - is it a hot dish or a cold dish?
Then they dropped half the wrap on the dirty counter and had a conversation about whether they should put it back on my plate, before deciding it was fine to replate it off the dirty counter. Right in front of me!!! The people on the next table had their order screwed up too. Plain bagel with lettuce, tomato and cheese. Seriously? After waiting for half an hour?
Also, the bathrooms are in a disgusting state - a cess pit of germs.
When OCF gets its food right it's great. But they really really need to get their act together in the kitchen and change the attitude of some of their staff. And do something about their basic hygiene standards. There's so much great competition in our neighborhood and sadly don't think we'll hurry back.I visited OCF  when it first opened and have still found myself coming back to it. I thoroughly enjoy the atmosphere. I also enjoy the fact that it is legit coffee shop that has actual kitchen options instead of just, "small baked goods" or just sandwiches. I would definitely recommend this coffee shop.Awesome rehab. Corrected everything I didn't like about layout of former tenant, Mugshots.
Coffee is better at Rybread, but you can't beat this view. The food is generally excellent, but I've had a few disappointments. Their baked goods are often hit-or-miss. My last meal there was a summer squash sandwich which was very tasty and reasonably priced. I don't go here too often because it gets chaotic on weekends. I'm glad OCF came to Fairmount, but they need to figure out how to handle the saturday crowds a little better.They haz wifi ! They haz lots of tables and electric outlets! Fairmountellingentsia rejoice !
Prices a touch high for sure. Brunch and Sammitch menu quite nice.I went here for my birthday and just found it while walking on fairmont ave. It's right across from the Eastern State Penitentiary and its very cozy and modern (and also clean!!) They have a great selection of different types of food, including gluten free and vegan options! They have special teas and coffee, smoothies, sandwiches, and breakfast! The staff was very nice as well!! I wish I was in Philly more to come here often!!Best coffee place in Fairmount. Friendly staff,  great atmosphere,  delicious food. Also a great study place (except on weekend days when super busy).What a dump. Guy at the counter super unfriendly. Just came to get a coffee. Gave me a 3/4 filled cup and left me standing in front of him while I was looking around for the coffee station to get a lid. Faux hipster vibes with stale watered down coffee.UPGRADE!! Finally, La Colombe. All is right in the world. Great pastries and snacks, good hot meals, super nice staff. Everybody wins.Amazing place!! Definitely beats Starbucks! I had a smoothie and a macaroon dipped in chocolate. First time here and it won't be the lastOCF is delicous, but has no pork bacon on the menu. It has to be said. However I am a fan of their beef bacon.
I have been coming here since it opened pretty frequently and I have very mixed feelings. 
OCF is easily the best coffee shop/cafe in the neighborhood but is often too loud, the food/drink can be expensive, but tasty and the baked goods are always delicious. If your in the fairmount area and looking for somewhere to have a casual lunch, a coffee drink and chat, or study for a bit (during the week), then I say this place is easily the best option and delicious.
 If you want to study, or a quiet place to meet on the weekends it's just too loud, walk into center city and find a better spot there.I love the OCF Coffee House on Fairmount! I love working at cafe's, but it's rare to find one that has a good menu to sustain my stomach during study sessions. It's even rarer to find one that has a number of seating options with outlets available and a good vibe. This place offers all of that. 
The staff are incredibly friendly and knowledgeable. I've often had conversations about their coffee - and it's where I learned that lighter roast coffee has more caffeine than darker roasts. Boy was I making a mistake in ordering dark roast coffee! They bring the food directly to you and often comment how they are "happy to do so" when you give them a thank-you. 
It can be a little pricey, but honestly it's worth it to have a comfortable space to do work. They even have an early bird special if you get there early enough. The food itself is really delicious. I often order the Two Your Way - and they really do it your way! When I say over-easy, their eggs are over-easy, and their bread options are great. I like that I can order even rye bread. When I'm in a sweet mood, their french toast is a great option and their seasonal specials make it a new experience every once in a while. 
Keep up the great work, OCF Coffee House, and thanks for smiling even when I am grumbly and don't want to study.Stopped here after touring Eastern State for the day. We ordered the Nutella mocha which was really really delicious but it barely had a Nutella flavor. Still, the coffee was really good. I also ordered a banana bread which was labeled as their most popular seller. I'll say for being vegan banana bread, it was really good, but it wasn't too comparable to a really good nonvegan banana bread, but it was definitely way better than I expected it to be. Definitely a great place for coffee and will definitely be stopping in there EVERY time we are in the area.WHADDUP BYOB CAFE OPEN LATE! CH-CH!
The coffee: 'mazin'. Get it from some small roaster in the midwest if I recall correctly. Anyway it's the chronic. I had two iced americanos, one just as good as the next.
Got a big ol' selection of teas as well. Bottled bevvies in the cooler.
Food: Got a veggie potato hash for Sunday brunch, topped with two fried eggs (they don't poach eggs here...almost annoying). The rosemary potatoes were killer. Think I paid ten bucks, but was full for a while. No pork bacon here, only have beef and turkey bacon. I had the seitan bacon with my plate, it's made in-house and is a tasty alternative to breakfast meat. Most things are made in house, including baked goods though these are a bit overpriced. They do outsource for their morning pastries, like croissants and tarts. Le Fournier, I think. They look great. Also got a cooler full of sandwiches to go. 
Staff: Supa friendly, from the order-takers to the food-runners. They're all smiling and chatty. One of the ladies was explaining that most the staff begin as buds, which is a business plan worth replicating. Place is busy too, so they're running around and still manage to maintain good 'tudes. Much appreciated. Could also have something to do with the extraordinary
SPACE: Makes sense that OCF Coffee House is associated with the realtors. The space is gorgeous, lookin' like a converted garage whose doors can open on nice days, right onto Eastern State Penitentiary. Lots of natural light, wood floors & tables, exposed brick, high ceilings. Overall great aesthetic. Bright & clean. It is a little on the loud side, and on a Sunday afternoon the place was full-up. Sitting at the table I was a bit too low to do work, but it was great for eating. Bathroom wasn't the cleanest but like I said, place was poppin' so I get it. Perhaps not the best study spot I've encountered, but just as well because it is not anywhere near where I live :). Doesn't stop the loads of laptoppers takin' over the tables. I'd suggest bringing headphones. 
Great change of scenery! Thanks!This place is always crowded but its big enough where ive never had to wait for a table. Its counter service so you pretty much just sit wherever there is a spot available. 
I like the atmosphere although it can get loud if you're looking for a place to studying. 
However i think they are overpriced. Ive accidentally spent 20$ on an iced coffee and breakfast sandwich here. 
Their iced coffee is actually $4+ tax which for me is a ridiculous amount to pay. The sandwich was good but nothing spectacular. I havent tried too many dishes so i cant speak on the avg food quality. 
I did try my friends smoothie and that was pretty tasty!Imagine a huge garage-like space turned into a coffee house. Now just go to OCF Fairmount and you won't have to imagine. Spacious, yes. Airy, yes. Comfortable chairs?  Spacious, uncramped tables? Reasonably priced, delicious food? No, no and no. I get the point is to be open and spacious and you succeeded at that. But could you PLEASE make the chairs a bit more comfortable and have wider tables?  The longer I sit there, the more I'll order. Stop trying to force me to leave!Beautiful space. Compared to Mugshots the floor plan feels much more open. Love the generous sunlight, especially the use of large windows showcasing Eastern State Penitentiary as a beautiful backdrop. Food is very tasty and well-portioned, although prices are a bit steep for eat-in food. I hope the situation with L&I is resolved and they get to keep the big windows.I am sure that this place does well with a steady flow of folks either coming or going to the Eastern State Penitentiary.  It is an inviting meeting spot and has a friendly staff and a nice ambience.  As far as the quality of the food, I was not impressed with what we ordered and found it to be overpriced.Coffee is OK.  The espresso tasted a bit burnt.  Also I ordered a cappuccino and there was zero foam.  espresso and hot milk served in small cup does not a cappuccino make folks...Great place to study. Lots and lots of tables with ample room. Good coffee and a full menu so you can hang out all day long if you want. If you're into Bill Withers, Alicia Keys and more you'll also like their music selection.Nice environment -- open, airy, light -- really nice people, good coffee.
Bad food. Everything is weird: sandwiches that normally have fresh tomato, like a BLT or a bagel and lox with tomato, have quartered hot roasted marinated tomatoes instead. (Think about that on a BLT. Not good.) Instead of oatmeal, they have hot quinoa "cereal." The tempeh "bacon" is an inch thick and spongy. The scrambled eggs for sandwiches come from a liquid poured out of a vat, and then they're cooked and folded over 4 times so you have 4 thin layers of flat egg product. The chocolate chip muffin is just solid yellow cake with a few chocolate chips placed on the top. The pastries (mostly vegan and/or gluten free, FYI) are often stale. Etc., etc. I sit and work here with a friend one morning every week, and at lunchtime we always leave to eat elsewhere. Creativity with food is great... if it's done successfully. (Also, you virtually always have to wipe down your own table before use.)
But again, nice people and good coffee. There are better lunch places nearby.Spacious, open-air, modern coffee shop right across the street from the Eastern State Penitentiary. The quinoa oatmeal with berries and milk is innovative, beautifully presented, but way too sweet and unable to be made with almond milk or any other alternative. 
The homemade bagel chips with hummus were nicely crispy and salted, though I found the hummus too tart and lemony. 
The smoothies are good and fresh but unless you add honey, quite tart. 
I disliked the medium roast drip coffee which I found overly thin and acidic, similar to DC's Vigilante coffee. 
I'd consider coming back but would order differently. The breakfast egg bagel sandwiches looked good, as did a lot of the lunch menu.Got the tofu scramble on a bagel. Pretty good, and at least got the job done.
The woman at the counter was a bit rude though. We didn't realize tofu scramble was also a plate (and not just a sandwich). So there was a misunderstanding after the teller assumed we were talking about the plate and then proceeded to act as if it was our fault there was a misunderstanding (like it wasn't anyone's fault, it was just a misunderstanding--so that was just kind of weird). 
Coffee pretty good, menu pretty good, people-never the friendliest, but usually can leave with no complaints.Especially for studying, I love that this place is spacious and you don't feel crowded. However, unfortunate that the kitchen closes at 6pm - although you still can grab a to-go sandwich.If I lived in Fairmount, I'd probably be here everyday. It's beautiful, airy, and bright. The staff are friendly and helpful. The tables are just the right height. (The chairs are kind of uncomfortable.) The nutella latte blew my mind. (It was kind of expensive.) There's free WiFi. There are loud trucks going by frequently, but it's worth the nice breeze through the huuuuuge windows. There's an air of friendly studiousness and a calendar of cool-sounding community events, and I totally dig it.My favorite place to come and do work. So much beautiful natural light, large space, great food coffee and teas, and most important sriracha. What more do you need??Great spot to after visiting the Philadelphia's Museum Of Art. It's a couple of blocks away.  First time trying out this spot. They have lots of spacious seating and the staff were friendly.  The cappuccino was strong however a bit on the warm side ;But the healthy power salad made up for it! Delicious!Got the salmon sandwich on a cinnamon raisin bagel. It was a little tasteless, but overall not bad. The coffee was decent as well. Came to about $9 for the sandwich and 16 oz. coffee. The outdoor seating is nice, right on Fairmount Ave, directly across from the Eastern State Penitentiary.OCF is a hidden gem, located directly across from the Eastern State Penitentiary! I have been there numerous times and have had not only the best lattes but the best experiences! It's my favorite cafe in the area for sure!! Highly recommend the Nutella Mocha