Interesting attempt. The ingredients are fairly fresh, the rice is decent, and the sauces are actually awesome! However, this place comes a little short in execution. The burrito I ordered was a little loose, this could be due to the nice helping of ingredients in my number 2, ahi tuna, but also the ingredients inside aren't evenly distributed! Some bites there is a decent melody of flavor masked by onions, and in others there's just lettuce or my favorite, a nice large heaping of wasabi! My sinuses are clear! I hope they learn that presentation and execution are important or this establishment will continue to operate under the radar.This place was pretty interesting.  It was kind of like ordering at Qdoba only you were ordering raw fish and fresh veggies/crunchy toppings.  The customer service was very good.  Everyone had a smile on their face and didn't seem to mind when I asked what was in every sauce and what they tasted like.  I feel like they should put the ingredients next to the sauces and give a description of the taste so the employees don't have to answer the same questions 100x.  I had the 3 protein bowl and it was pretty good and filling.  Note that the tuna and salmon are cut into large cubes.  I would also recommend you get the sauce on the side so you can try it first before they put it in your bowl and you decide you don't like it.Pretty good! It's really what you make it but the price is totally fair for the amount of meat.What a difference a week makes.
I'm from california so I'm no stranger to poke. 
When I heard philadelphia was finally getting on the craze, I had to try it and I have had the place twice since opening.
The first time on opening day, they were good. I'm not expecting sushi restaurant quality fish but the quality was not bad.The variety of sides was welcome and the 15% off was a nice touch. The staff was acceptably nervous and I chalked it up to opening day.
So why 2 stars? Let's just say my 2nd visit a week later was poor. 
I ordered a regular size that comes with 2 scoops. What I got was one scoop. 5 cubed pieces of fish is not worth 8.95. Every topping I added was literally 1/3 of a spoonful.  Either they are already trying to cost cut 1 week into opening, or the worker is poorly trained, but that's unacceptable for a new restaurant. 
To give you perspective, 8.95 in cali gives you 3 FULL scoops of fish with sides and avocado  included. 11.95 gives you 5 full scoops. Way way way more generous than here.
I understand, this is philly pricing but I can't help but feel ripped off. I want this place to succeed: a good poke place in chinatown is good for everyone. I'll pay the extra $ to have poke available. But if you're going to advertise 2-3 scoops of fish, give your customer an actual scoop each time. 
It doesn't bode well that the quality dropped this dramatically in a week. Here's to hoping this was a fluke and they work things out.I have been here a total of 3 times, and I have not been disappointed once. You get a large amount of food for a great price. I have tried three of the specialty bowls and each of them have been very different but very good. All of the ingredients are fresh, and all the sauces are very flavorful. The servers are generous with all the ingredients as well. The only reason I did not give this place a 5 is because I thought the rice:meat proportion was a bit too high for my liking. The last time I ate here I was not able to finish all of the rice.The food is extremely fresh & delicious. It's fairly quick service as well. You can either eat it as take out or sit down, and while it's not a fancy sit down restaurant, it's quite cute and quaint. Also very convenient location as it's only about 900 feet from Jefferson station (where I come in to the city.) I would highly recommend this place & definitely plan on returning.My friends and I frequent the Philly Chinatown area, and we love trying out new places. But Oishii Poké is one we keep coming back to. It's the perfect place to get a good meal that's healthy, quick, and filling. Their ingredients are fresh and tasty. Their staff is super helpful and friendly too, which is really important. The place is a little small, but there's room to sit and eat inside and it's always kept clean. We appreciate that it's kept nice and warm in the winter and cool in the summer. I'd say you just can't go wrong with a stop at Oishii Poké!Finally tried a poke burrito and I'm sad I waited so long to do so!  I thought it would be a gimmicky food item which was over-hyped, but it was delicious and I'm already looking forward to the next one.
I tried the Hawaiian Classic which I would definitely recommend.  Great mix of flavors and they didn't skimp on the salmon.  For a Large, my total came to $12 and change including tax & tip.
Look for the rice "printer" towards the back left when you are facing the counter - it deposits a perfect sheet of sushi rice onto the nori.  Cool device to watch the employees use.
I ended up taking about 1/4 of my poke burrito home, and it was just as delicious after being in the fridge for a couple of hours.  The great thing about a poke or sushi wrap compared to other types of wrap is there's no bread, so it doesn't soggy.
Certainly a place I want to come back to.Everything is fresh. Young cool vibe. Everything on the menu is freshly prep daily. It's simple fast and self explanatory. You could get their specialty bowls or customize your own. Pricing is a little high. About $9 to $11 depending on the size and what you add in. But all around not bad. Nice fast service. Simple not confusing at allThis is my favorite poke place in philly! Good food good services! I come here many time since they open up. I don't like to write reviews but I have to write one for them after I read some bad ones. I really don't want any of you missed this cute little spot in phillychinatown. 
       I usually order Hawaiian classic bowl, it has fresh salmon and veggies with brown rice. Some time I will do create my own, I usually order all the veggies and all the crunch they have. 
Anyway, I Highly recommended this place!This place just opened, and I had to give it a try.
I'm a big sushi fan, but I've never had anything quite like what their menu offers. That said, I decided to go with the Ebi Crunch, and had it as a burrito, seeing as how I was not bold enough to create my own just yet.
There was an initial wonder at seeing sushi the size of an actual burrito, but once that past I realized I might enjoy eating it this way FAR more than I ever did regular rolls.
Their portions were spot on, and I'd say it was filled to perfection. Everything tasted fresh, and the meal was very filling. I will definitely be going back to try out mixing up my own ideas next time.
The workers here were also extremely polite, and I felt very welcomed, despite my utter ignorance to the type of menu they had here. Looking foreword to many work lunches here in the future.First time this Sunday and it was pretty good! I got the classic Hawaiian and was pleasantly surprised with the amount of salmon and how fresh the whole bowl was.
A good amount of lettuce and rice along with salmon and then the sauce is not overpowering. There were a couple pieces of mango which were delicious and a good scoop of avocado as well. I'm not share what you call the thing with holes but I was fried and added a light element of crunch!
I'm excited to go again and try different kinds. :)It's nice to have a different option for lunch, but they are too skimpy with the ingredients! They load you up with rice and minimal on the other toppings! So I build my own bowl, and request less brown rice. I also get the sauces on the side. Also keep your eye on where they get the gloves from when they prepare your order... They are typically doing other things in between taking orders and will sit the plastic gloves on the counter, 2 of the 4 times of gone there I've had to ask that they get a new pair of gloves out of the box. Otherwise, they'll use the same gloves all day.As a first-timer here at Oishii Poke, I have to have I'm definitely sold and will be returning. The interior of this eatery is very posh. There even a wall of fame for their Poke fans. Upon arrival, you will notice that there are a plethora of options to entice anyone's personal taste. Choose from either their selections of 8 signature pokes or show off your creative side and make your construct your own. Trust me there's definitely enough to excite your tastebuds. I went with the classic grilled eel myself and topped it off with carrots, red onions, eel sauce, pickled ginger and carrots, crab salad, and peanuts. I know, it's a lot, but it blended together so well. The result was a delicious roll that left me wanting more. Before careful and make sure you don't blink or else you will be left wondering where your Poke went. My only concern with Oishii Poke is the amount of time I wanted for my Poke to be completed. The chiefs behind the counter were wonderful with costumer service, but lacked in speed and crafting the burrito in a timely fashion. With only a 30 minute lunch break, I do require a fast food place to be just that. However, that's just me nip-picking on something that's already wonderful. I highly recommend this place.Impression: I thought it was just Atlanta that was going through a Poke craze, but Philly has a few across town too. In downtown, Oishii is one of them. Prices were reasonable and you can make your own bowl from scratch which is what I like b/c sometimes a set menu can give you the pressure of trying a combination you may not be a fan of. 
Cutesy tip: they can take your polaroid and then hang it on a cute wall of other polaroids- I thought that was a fun thing they did that your group should totally try! 
Meats: 
You can choose from chicken, spicy tuna, salmon, or normal tuna. For rice you can choose fried rice or sushi rice. 
Toppings included masago, onions, peppers, corn, ice berg lettuce, radish, and some other goodies. 
Sauces:
For sauce there is oyster /mushroom sauce, wasabi, ponzu sauce, and a few others. If you are going for something salty or more robust in flavor, then I recommend the ponzu or the mushroom/oyster. Wasabi gives you that nose tingling effect but not much other flavor. 
Price: For its 9.99$ price, it is not a bad proportional size. 
Service/Ambiance: It's a very quiet place for a place in Chinatown Philly- but we went at an earlier time so maybe it's that way but it seems quieter than most places here in CHinatown to me, so if you want a good quiet place this is it. It's a chill vibe- no fancy decorations but has a cute wall of polaroids. service was friendly and cheerfulOishii Poke is a pretty good and casual place to grab a quick meal. There are various options that you can get a Poke Bowl or a Poke Burrito in. The protein and veggies are very fresh. However the portion size is pretty small for a $8-$10 meal. I've been to other sushi burrito places, like Hai Kitchen, where I came out satisfied with the taste, price, and portion. This place leaves me a little empty in my stomach.I would say this is comparable to Poke works. They don't have as many options, but their flavoring is definitely there. I got a poke burrito: tuna, salmon, and eel. The total came to $12 and for the size of it, it's definitely worth it. Out of all the poke places I've been to, whether it's in Ohio, NY, GA, or VA, this place is on my top 3 of fresh tasting poke. Their fish is so fresh, I didn't taste anything fishy. Also, they have lotus chips! That's a plus in my book. They have a machine that rolled out the exact amount of rice, because who wants a burrito with mostly rice anyways. Gotta get the most bang for your buck.
Also, there's a $13 minimum, or around that price.Woo......第一次尝试，好看又好吃！！！环境也很好服务态度也超好的     给99分吧  怕他们骄傲       终于终于找到Chinatown会想要一直去的地方了    OishiiEnjoyed a delicious, healthy and affordable lunch! Sushi meets Chipotle! Have yourself a sushi burrito! Nice variety of sushi , (salmon, ahi tuna, eel, etc.) vegetables and mix-ins! You can also choose from different sauces. My husband got the rice bowl, I got the salad and my daughter and boyfriend got the seaweed burrito. The ingredients were very fresh.This place is very meh. The first time I went was during their soft opening and the service was bad and the portion sizes were teeny tiny. The first time we went, the employee who made my friends order put the wrong sauce on her poke bowl and then they refused to remake the order when we told them so. I gave them a pass and didn't write a negative review because I figured it was their soft opening. It's now been more than a year since they opened and I went back today for lunch (eating it now in fact) and this place still low key sucks. Portion sizes continue to be non existent, and the service was again shaky. I actually had another poke bowl from the place in Chinatown square last night where i liked it a lot but wasn't fully satisfied, so I decided to try Oishii Poke today and give it another chance but nope nope nope. I will continue to go to the one in Chinatown square for much better service, cleaner place, and more filling/delicious bowls. I legitimately think half the reviews on this place are fake because how else could they have 4 stars?? I also asked for ponzu and spicy mayo to go and they filled up the sauce containers maybe 1/8 of the way. Sad, sad, sad. If you're in burbs definitely go to Poke Ono in Ardmore. If you're in Chinatown, go to the place in Chinatown square. Either way hard pass on this placeCool spot, fast service. It's chipotle style service for poke bowls which is pretty cool. Prices were great, I got a bowl with tuna and salmon for under $10 and you can get as many toppings as you want! Pickled carrots and seaweed salad were so yummy.
At first I was a little nervous about raw fish that was sitting in a factory line assembly, but the food all tasted fresh and they seem like they stay busy enough that the fish isn't just sitting there for long periods of time.Love this place!!! Came and workers greeted me friendly with a smile on their face. Everyone is so nice. Food is definitely good and would come back for more. I ask to have a taste of the sauce & they give me different ones to try on the side. Great customer service. It is also a nice little place to just sit and chill while eating with my friends.
It's my second time back and it never disappoint me with its food. They added new ingredients, such as spicy tuna for the protein, bonito flakes and nori (seaweed) for crunch. I picked tuna and salmon in a bowl and I loved it so much. I put in all the mix-in and topping. She made the bowl look so pretty.
Also for first timer. You can get the food in three different bases: bowl, salad, or a burrito. A sushi burrito is not your typical tortilla wrap, instead it is with a nori wrap and a layer of rice, just like a sushi roll except it is bigger. Much bigger. They will try to put as much as possible and anything that you want. The avocado is $1.75 extra. Oh and the size are regular (2 scoop of the protein) and large (3 scoop).
They also have signature Pokê which has the ingredient set but you can also get it to be in one of the three base.
Also once again, customer service is great and everyone is very cheery and happy and warming to me and my friend. And with other people as well.
Oh last of all, if you were to get a drink I will very much recommend getting the Mango Yogurt Aloe. It's like the best drink possible. Other drinks are good. If you find anything unsatisfied, you can always talk to the manager and give them tips on improvement since they are always welcoming improvement and new ideas.My Go to spot for poke.   Service is 5 stars.  It's the perfect place to order your dinner after a long day of work.  If only they had curve side pick up.This is my go-to poke place when I'm in Center City. I love that you can get all the toppings at no additional price (except for avocados). However, the protein portions are very small, so it balances out. This place is very clean and the staff is very informative and kind. A simple, good poke place.I'm going to give this place two stars because the workers there were pretty nice. BUT they were so stingey about all the fixins it was pretty annoying. I'm sure it's not them, it was how they were trained but give me a break. $10, give me some veggies at least. It seemed like the girl was counting how many shreds of carrot she was giving me. What do carrots cost in Chinatown? A nickel? Put those tweezers away, grab some tongs and load me up on some carrots.  It was the same for all the toppings. Cucumbers, lettuce, Edamame... Not worth it.  $10 for a snack. No thanks.Finally they have Hawaiian Poke at Chinatown! 
I didn't know before, I thought it just a bento or just a sushi place. 
Well, they don't have many choice of fish or salad. But they do have a brown rice! But I just order the salad. The size is perfect right. But wonder why we need to pay more for avocado :( 
And the things that I like is they have a crispy topping! 
The staff are nice too & they still have the 15% off when you check in from Yelp. They told to come back there again, I said yes I will! "I'll be back!!"Light, fresh, but not filling.
I went for dinner with my friends; we ordered two build your own bowls and one sushi burrito. Mine was a salmon and tuna bowl with salad base. I really enjoyed the build you own bowl option as it allowed for customization. 
As for the food itself, I would probably give it four stars. The fish were not marinated in any sauce, so it was a little bland. The wasabi flavored sauces were very spicy - a little overpowering; I'd recommend the ponzu sauce.
In addition, although the meal was clean and refreshing, it was definitely not enough. The portions are pretty small, and we ended up going to another restaurant right afterwards to eat a second meal.Friendly staff. Great prices and large portions! I've been waiting for this to hit the east coast and am so so so happy about it.This is an okay poke place if you're looking for Asian style poke rather than Hawaiian style. The "ponzu sauce" on my fish was basically sushi rice seasoning and the fish was not marinated with the sauce then put on the rice like authentic places. The service was okay as well and the serving size is less than I'm used to from poke places with the same price. The fish and ingredients were fresh but I probably won't be back again.Super consistent and always delicious, also happens to be a great option for those on a low carb diet. 
With that being said, the best part may very well be the service. I must say I am quite impressed with the young woman behind the counter who's name is "Joanna". Even though I hadn't been there for approx a month and a half she seemed to remember what I had the last time I was in...very impressive. Because of this she was able to make recommendations, she even knew the calorie count of the sodas without looking. You can really tell that whoever does the hiring takes great pride in hiring the best people for the position. 
With regards to the restaurant itself; the place is very clean and the food is well presented and very fresh. This is great lunch/dinner for a reasonable price.Awesome concept.... build a salad,bowl or burrito with sushi...  I had the salad with romaine, tuna, salmon, edamame, mango, spicy aioli, seaweed salad and crab salad.  Delicious and fresh.This place could not be better. The portions are generous, the fish is fresh, and there is a wide range of healthy and exciting toppings. I made a "salad bowl" with something like 20 ingredients, including raw salmon, cooked eel, seaweed, tons of veggies, mango, and more. If you order a large bowl and add in some rice, this would be enough food to keep you full all day. In my opinion, with the high quality of the food here, each bite is worth every penny!My first time having a poke bowl and Oishii Poke really set a high standard of how a good poke bowl should taste. All the ingredients tasted fresh and were well put together. They had different options like a burrito, rice bowl, and a salad. The service was super friendly, and were very engaging with your order. Overall this place was amazing and I would recommend it to all my mutuals.Compared to other poke bowl places, I thought this location did not give as much protein in their scoops. The rice is just plain, sticky rice that wasn't very different from normal rice (as opposed to sushi rice). I wish the rice wasn't as clumpy. I could have used more sauce on mine - I got the fresh ponzu. But I wish it had more flavor. They do have plenty of toppings though. Pretty quick service and reasonable price. Overall, I didn't think the fish was great quality or anything...pretty mediocre. Good presentation for the bowls though. I've also gotten the burrito before, but would highly recommend the bowl over the burrito - the size of the burrito is not too big and I was still hungry after. Pretty small seating area so I suggest take out.I love poke and was happy to learn of a location around the block from where I was staying in center city. The place is small but well lit and very inviting. I got the regular bowl which has 2 proteins. I got the spicy tuna special with salmon also topped with corn, seaweed salad, lettuce, carrots, red onion, crab salad, cucumber, and white rice. The toppings are unlimited so theres many combos you can make. If you're around center city I reccomend stopping in.We have been waiting for this place to open for weeks,  and it definitely did not disappoint. The serving size is larger than other poke places I have been to,  and the ingredients are fresh. The ponzu sauce is a great salad dressing and I will have to try it on other salads at home. I have been back multiple times.Oishii Poke is most definitely one of the best poke places in Philadelphia. While they may not have as varied of proteins and toppings as Poke Man (my other "top rated" poke place in the city) what they do have is done superbly. They knock EVERYONE out of the water with professional, timely, and impeccable customer service. The entire staff seems happy to be there, does not mind making suggestions if you're not sure what to get, and will serve you right up until close. The fish and toppings are all fresh. A consistent and delicious option for either lunch or dinner.I visited for the first time today and built my own poke bowl. The ingredients were white rice, tuna, crabmeat, lettuce, edamame, corn, seaweed salad, tobiko, seaweed, and fish flakes. I opted out of having one of the menu's dressings poured over the bowl and instead requested sesame oil. I also requested soy sauce, which was given to me in a small packet. 
The ingredients were fresh and tasty. I really loved the bowl and thought the price was reasonable for the overall portion. 
My only gripe: I think the staff is trained to practically count the number of tuna cubes they place in the bowl, and the amount of tobiko I was given was really sad. I understand the business needs to make money, but it was almost comical watching the precision with which the ingredients were portioned out. Regardless, I would recommend Oishii Poke and would love to come back soon!We came here for lunch on a Saturday and to our surprise, it was pretty quiet with only 2 other people there. After looking at the menu, my sister and I ended up getting the ahi tuna and Hawaiian classic (salmon) poke salads. When we got to the register, I noticed that my sister's bowl was way fuller than mine. However, the manager who rang me up noticed the significant difference and asked if I would like more lettuce. She also apologized and mentioned that they're still training their employees with portion sizes. For that reason, this place gets another star from me. 
In terms of flavor, I think it's pretty flavorful. However, I think the proportion of the bowl to salad is a bit off. It might be better to use a smaller bowl size. This is one factor that Philly Poke excels at since it at least gives an illusion that there is more poke in the bowl. I'm almost a bit spoiled since the other poke places I've been to seems to give more poke. 
Overall, I would stop by again whenever I return to Philly to visit.So yummy and fresh! I got the Hawaiian poké Bowl, and it was amazing, can't wait to go back and try more. Also the woman behind the counter was so friendly and helpful!I create my own poke salad n my hubby got #6 unagi poke,we both a happy camper. Taste soooo good,friendly staff. We will be back!!!!!I love this place and probably eat here once a week. 
The food is really solid. I always get a bowl and mix it up when it comes to the type of fish. It's my fave poke bowl in the city. 
The staff is also great. I'm always greeted by the owner or manager and she is super friendly. They handle the lunch rush well and get you in and out quickly.
I don't ever write reviews but felt OishiiPoke deserved it!!!I frequent Oishii Poke fairly often but I am disappointed to say that my experiences have been getting worse and worse with each trip. The ingredients are fresh and the food is delicious, but they are becoming far too stingy with their portion sizing and shorting bowls. On my most recent trip, I was quite literally given a half-full "Large" size bowl (see pictures). For nearly $12, this is absolutely unacceptable. I understand that mistakes happen occasionally, but this has unfortunately become a recurring trend with this establishment. Please work on remedying this or you will have lost another customer.Simply amazing. You can get the food as a burrito or Poke bowl. You get a good portion and its very affordableIf you want a great quality poke bowl, and don't want to pay an arm and a leg like some other poke places in Philly, you need to visit Oishii Poke. 
Oishii Poke is a little slice of Hawaii, in China Town! OK, more like Japanese fusion than Hawaii, but hey, I can pretend, because the sushi is that good. 
Poke bowl is the way to go.. there's not that many amazing poke bowls in Philly, for this price of $9 (medium). They also have sushi burritos, which is on par to the great ones at Hai Street Kitchen. But what Oishii Poke has that the others don't, is cheap prices!  and more toppings! for no extra price!! 
I got a poke bowl with ahi tuna (pick tuna, salmon, crab, shrimp, or combo). You get unlimited mix-ins!  Other places limit you to 4, but Oishii Poke lets you fill up your bowl with whatever you want! I got rice, lettuce, carrots, corn, mango, edamame, seaweed salad, cucumber, ginger, and tempura crunchies. Topped with creamy wasabi sauce, it was amazing.  My only reason for 4 stars instead of 5, is avocado was 1.75 extra, which i think is too much. I would pay an extra 1.00 for a few slices, but 1.75 was just enough to make me forgo. 
Overall, great Poke, great toppings, and great prices!!I really want to like this place!! I really do, but I always leave slightly disappointed and still hungry. 
- The "large" burrito isn't particularly large and the filling not very flavorful. Perhaps it's my American palate not appreciating simple ingredients?
- The poke bowls plastic melts every time they put rice in it; you'd think they'd come up with better bowls by now? The poke bowls are very pretty to look at, but again I'm left hungry afterwards and the ingredients, although fresh, could use some more pickling and/or marinating. 
- Aside from one vibrant and super friendly lady, the staff is very timid which doesn't give me much confidence in the food preparation. They sometimes seem unsure how to make the items.
I much prefer Hai Street, which packs their burritos and are super flavorful. I also prefer Hai Street's fish slabs vs. Oishii's cubed fish.Great lunch option, always build my own poke salad. Great if you're going atkins/paleo/southbeach or whatever because you can make it pure protein and veg if you like!Was here for dinner in Philly for a day trip, when we walk in there was no customers at 8pm on a Saturday night, so we were like should we stay or leave, but we decided to stay since everyone is tired.  To our surprise everything was fresh including the fish.  The rice was not to dry or soft which is what I like.  Would recommend if anyone likes raw fish and staff were all friendly!!I had my first Poke Bowl, and it was just okay. I'm not into raw seafood, so the girl behind the counter recommended some cooked items. I tried the yummy crabby thinking it would be real crab. However, when i saw the cold imitation crab sticks on their set up counter. I knew, I wasn't getting real crab meat plus this establishment does not have ice for their beverages. A total bummer. The flavors were good though, and I like the aioli sauce.Best Poke in Philly. They even have an option of eel as a protein which I've never seen at any poke place I've been to before. The ingredients are fresh, the portions are wonderful, and the prices are reasonable. I've yet to try the sushi burrito they are known for, but if the poke bowl is any indication, I have no doubt the burrito is fantastic.As someone from Hawaii, I was cautiously optimistic about Poke on the east coast. While their Chipotle-like format is very easy to follow, my issue was with the possibly previously frozen tuna and salmon which had almost no taste. An authentic poke bowl should have larger chunks, but the format, portions, and pricing encouraged me at least to almost make a decent salad with brown rice featuring small cubes of fish.  Maybe should've went with a large instead of regular? 
However, service is decent! They smiled and were nice. Not much seating.Oishii Poke is a decent poke bowl stop. While I don't think the proteins are THAT fresh or high quality (tuna is so-so), they have a lot of great unlimited toppings.
The bowls seems to be a bigger portions than the burrito. I think the bowls are the perfect amount of food.
I like that you can mix your own toppings and get as much as you want. You can get a lot of great textures and flavors.
The staff is very friendly and helpful. Clean restaurant.
Overall, it's a good deal and easy place to get a meal. I do think there are better poke places, but this one is okay and I would return.Great spot for a quick, fresh and delicious lunch! Stopped in to make my own bowl and loved that you could add nearly any of their toppings without any surcharge. Ingredients were all tasty and seemed freshly cut - I really enjoyed their selection of pickled toppings. Folks behind the counter were incredible nice and friendly. Also tried the miso soup, which was a good portion and just the right amount of salt. Still full hours later, and I have a pretty substantial appetite - I was worried about all the reviews saying it was too light, but at least the rice bowl was spot on for lunch. Felt like a treat with some of the toppings but still a really healthy option.
The only things that kept it from 5 stars were that the shrimp tempura was much more breading than shrimp and that they played one song on repeat the entire time we were there for lunch - don't know how the staff manage to work there with it on all day, maybe it was a fluke. Just something to keep in mind if you want to eat in. No-brainer for take out!If you've never had poke before, this is an okay place to start. The concept is there, but the flavors just don't quite measure up to poke on the west coast (and maybe even new york). Maybe you'll love it if you're new to the concept of poke bowls all together. But I think Oishii has a ways to go in terms of flavor and portion size. Still waiting for that up to par poke joint to open, but at least it's a start for Philly.I ordered the make your own poke salad with tuna, salmon, cucumber, onion, carrot, cilantro, sesame seeds, spicy aioli sauce, and lotus root chips. The staff wasn't very welcoming and didnt greet me when I came in, and I had to wait a few minutes for a worker to acknowledge me. The food was delicious! I loved the spicy aioli sauce. I added a splash of soy sauce since I didnt have salt with me and it tasted even better. Prices are inexpensive and the food is worth every single penny. I am definitely coming back.Tried the Hawaiian Classic- really enjoyed the fresh vegetables and taste. They do have a choice of brown rice or white rice but the ingredients cannot be substituted. It was little hectic and chaotic there as sometimes the servers would take orders from people in line and then switch up to taking orders from people who order d online which made the wait bit confusing. The bowl itself was delicious and I would recommend them.Loveee this place for a twist on traditional sushi!
Would definitely recommend to everyone!Extremely excited and welcome Poke sushi to Philly. My first sushi burrito experience was at Hai's Kitchen and I love it although I couldn't go as much as it was a hike for me. But so happy to learn sushi burrito made it's appearance to Chinatown Philly. This is place is great. The concept is unique and they have plenty of toppings to choose from. If you're not a good mix and match person like me, you can try their signature burritos. I had the Eel and it was amazing. The flavor is perfect and more importantly everything is so fresh!!! If you never tried sushi burrito, I highly recommend it but if you're extremely hungry, this place may not be your best bet since their portion is small, well at least to me. Other than that, I say you should at least "roll" you way over there just to experience it.Growing up in Orange County, I love poke and was excited about this place opening up nearby. I'm sure it'll get better since its a new business, but the service was horrible and the food was sub par and the amount of protein (fish) was ridiculously small. The guy didn't even fill the little scooper he was using up. It was basically 2 tablespoons of fish and I had to add vegetables so I wouldn't be left with just a bowl of rice. Definitely not worth the price. 
Basically everyone that works there is a teenager. My friends and I waited ten minutes while they held up the line to talk to their friends. There were six people working behind the counter. I do not understand why no one could take our order while the two guys flirted with their school mates. 
As there are so many places to go nearby, we will not be returning. I guess this food is acceptable if you've never had poke before, but the service was such a huge issue. 
1 star for having brown rice.very impressed with how friendly the workers were and how yummy the food was! they took great care into preparing the bowl to make it look nice, and the fish was fresh. the seaweed salad was absolutely amazing - best i've ever had. there are also outlets and free wifi so i foresee myself coming back to do a little bit of work too!Love this place. Poke bowls are awesome. Fresh, filling, and a good price! I come here with my boyfriend like once a week. Everybody here is nice and friendly. The food is always fresh. I started to like eel because of the poke bowls here!I love the generous topping options, and the service is great.Update: tried the large bowl with a few more ingredients, stayed full much longer! I am a fan.I was impressed. Clean, quick and customizable food. Small bowls run $9 and large are $11. The small was plenty for one person so I'm happy. Everything is fresh and made to order so so you can get exactly what you want. We got the Crab and the Tuna bowls. I personally preferred the crab one better due to the spicy sauce added on top.
Definitely coming back when I'm back in Philly.Yes. Yes. Yes. I've ordered lunch delivery from them two times in a row because this place is great! Is it as good as poke in Hawaii? No, nothing's as good as that, but the fish tastes fresh, the bowls are filling (I'm a fitness instructor and I eat A LOT so I've been getting the 3 protein bowl) and it's a great price for what you get! Also they deliver and the bowl still looks Instagram picture worthy lol. Very happy I found this place!Not bad but would prefer going to Poke bowl in Northern Liberties. Size is smaller and fish was just okay fresh. They also charge extra for avocado but they give you so little for it. Flavors were okay in general.Sushi buritto I'd good here. I've had it a couple times. Customizable. Price is reasonable. Never too crowded. Fast service and quick eat.Quick, yummy & delicious.  Love that this place is convenient, fresh & opened until 10pmVibes: modern, fast-casual
The menu:
-choice of signatures or DIY salad, burrito, or rice (brown or white) bowl
-regular or large sizes depending on how many proteins you want 
-standard mix-ins, interesting toppings (aka hijiki, crab and seaweed salads, tobiko), sauces (eel sauce?! honey wasabi?!), and crunch options
Tasting notes:
-DIY tofu brown rice bowl: firm tofu with a surprisingly thick and crunchy coating; sweet chili sauce was the dominating flavor in my bowl, though i did also add ponzu; good topping/mix-in ratio to rice; would have wanted more than one lotus chip 
Thoughts:
-wish the tofu wasn't priced the same as the fish, though I guess it's a small difference when everything else is unlimited 
-love that there is eel and spicy salmon/tuna as protein optionsI tried their Hawaiian salmon burrito the other day, it was really yummy!!  I will go back to try out other flavorsA poke restaurant has come to central Philadelphia, and the result is truly impressive. I've been here three times now and have had the Hawaiian Classic (salmon) and the tuna bowl once. All of their bowls start off with fresh, well-seasoned sushi rice, then are generously filled with a variety of nice toppings like mango, seaweed salad, tobiko, and avocado. The fish here is generally nice quality, and I always feel like the fish-to-everything-else ratio is quite well balanced. All bowls are topped with a piece of fried lotus root, which provides some nice crunch in the bowls. Beyond the toppings and fish, most bowls also include one or two of their sauces, which include flavors like soy ginger and spicy mayo. These sauces are similar to what you might expect from a sushi restaurant, but the flavor here is a bit stronger and more interesting than the simple flavors you might find a run-of-the-mill sushi roll topped with. The sauces, I think, really bring the bowl together, because they meld all of the distinct flavors in the bowl into a complete and very tasty sushi bowl. If you really like the sauces, you can ask for more. Similarly, if you're not keen on spicy mayo, I may recommend asking for less than is standard, as I've had one salmon bowl that felt saturated with spicy mayo once.
Overall, if you're looking for a good sushi-style meal in Chinatown, I encourage you to try Oishii Poke.It's a nice little place to grab lunch. When I went it wasn't packed or anything and there's a few tables for seating. The people are friendly. There are set combos that you can pick from or you can customize your own bowl. I got the set bowl Ahi Tuna and it was really good. The only downside is the price. I get it that it's seafood but I wish the portion was bigger. The large is basically $2 more for another scoop of fish/protein. With that being said, I would definitely go back!I have been to both Poke Bowl & Oishii Poke, but I go to this place more often because it's located right in Chinatown. I still love the way Poke Bowl prepares the meal (they mixed the protein w/ the sauce and garnishes before they put it on top of the rice, their protein are fresher and presentation wise it's just better looking), but Oishii Poke give good value for its portion vs. price, they have a shrimp tempura protein option (that's warm & crunchy), and they have more food options (sushi burrito etc).  Poke bowl is more authentic while Oishii Poke is more asianized. I love both places since Poke is such an "up and coming" crave in Philly, you just can't get enough of the fresh taste! Hawaiian Chipotle, if you must!A coworker and I popped in for lunch and it was delicious. I got a DIY bowl and she got a DIY burrito, both were super fresh and super addictive! The space was clean and airy, the workers were very friendly making for an overall enjoyable experience. We are already making plans to go back, this place is such a little gem!I love this place. I always get the Hawaiian bowl. I went to poke bowl in northern liberties and it made me appreciate oishii even more. The portion here is much bigger and the flavor is much better. Everything is fresh and flavored well.Fresh, delicious, fast, affordable.  The only big downside is that, as several others have mentioned, it is not very filling.  I savored every bite of my regular-sized poke bowl around 1:15 p.m. and was hungry all over again by 3:30.  In the future, I will probably either opt for the large bowl, possibly with additional toppings, or treat this place as a fancy, expensive "snack" option.  (At least it's fairly healthy!)Fresh fish, lots of toppings and reasonably priced! The wasabi mayo was good, but quite spicy! Next time I'm definitely asking for lessThe sushi burrito was good overall. It was tasty. The burrito can be rolled a little tighter. It was falling apart while I was eating it. It was also a bit too wet from too much sauce being put on it.We were craving for Poke on a Sunday night after 9pm and came here since our usual spot Poke Bowl in Northern Liberty was closed. The overall experience wasn't satisfying. Food wise, the salmon looked okay, but the tuna looked quite soggy and unappetizing so both me and my boyfriend stayed away from it. Here you would be given "small" and "large" options which means 2 proteins and 3 proteins (while at Poke Bowl it's 3 and 5 proteins). The guy who made my poke bowl was quite polite, but the 2 scoops of salmon were in fact 2 half empty scoops (while at Poke Bowl, the guy would scoop 3 times and try his best to compress as much fish as possible into one scoop). The variety of toppings wasn't a lot, and there wasn't mango or pineapple. Both places charge additional money for avocado, while Poke Bowl charges $1, this place charged $1.75 for a same sized (if not less) scoop. They also put an excessive amount of sauce on top of my boyfriend's bowl without asking him, while at Poke Bowl the girl would always ask you and you would have the option to have the sauce on the side. I ordered something from the set menu that night but the guy forgot about my order and still asked me what toppings would I want, then suddenly remembered and laughed it off. 
The store itself is somewhat spacious with quite a few sets of tables and chairs, but none of the tables was equipped with soy sauce or togarashi.
The store also sells sushi burrito and salad apart from Poke. I guess although the place is called "Oishii Poke" -- in Japanese "yummy Poke" -- it is in fact still just a Japanese/Asian fusion place owned by non Japanese, though Poke is somewhat Hawaiian. While they have all the ingredients, simply mushing rice and raw fish together into different shapes of roll or bowl equals to neither good Japanese fusion nor Hawaiian Poke. The job was done so badly and carelessly and it made me even feel mad. I guess Poke is something trendy now in the city and it's quite understandable to jump in this business. It would just be better to understand and respect what you are actually doing, instead of just copying a model superficially and serve everything below average.
I swear that we are not going back there again.Love this place! Definitely found my new Poke spot in Philly. Quick/Fresh/Healthy. Super simple setup with a friendly staff. I did the create your own - regular size. 
More than enough food to feel full for the price of $9.67.
I'll back soon enough =D