Sure, the toppings aren't top-notch and they only take cash but what are we really here for? The yogurt. I always get the same flavor no matter where I go- cake batter. Old City's was supremely creamy and rich tasting, while continuing to wave its low-fat flag. If I'm ever craving froyo (which is more often that not) in this part of town, I'll be back for sure.Very relaxing place and this place has the best yogurt in Philly so far that I've tried :D People are very nice there. I would recommend this to everyone to go.Delicious! The concept of the place is similar to others in town- serve yourself, add your topping, pay by the ounce- however, this yogurt is top notch! This yogurt is higher quality and not that powder mix you'll get at other spots.
The decor is eye catching but simple enough not to overwhelm.  The tables and chairs out front are comfy, and allow for superb people watching. What more could you want in Old City?I have not been very happy with the yogurt here. The yogurt itself does not seem to have a lot of flavor.  There are two sizes of cup, both much larger than I want.  And perhaps my expectations are wrong, but it seems awfully expensive for what you get, about $0.50 per ounce. 
I have been here twice, but I'm not planning to come back.Bring cash- has ATM.  49cents/ounce. I gave this 3stars only bc I personally didn't like it as much as I'd expected. However... I am a very picky eater and not super in to sweets so with that said the people I was with all enjoyed and said they'd return.Not bad for a self-serve FroYo place.  There are several different flavors to choose from, about 1/2 of which are low-fat or no-fat.  There are a bunch of different toppings and they're all clearly labeled, which is definitely the best part.
They take LevelUp (if you've never heard of it, look it up - it's awesome) and even have a LevelUp credit (I think it was $4 off?) for your first visit.
It does get to be a bit pricey because they charge by the weight.  My boyfriend and I each get our cups about 1/2 full and it ends up being $7-8 for the two of us.  But the service is usually friendly.I walked in with curiosity and hesitation but walked out knowing I just found one of the gems of the neighborhood.  I can't imagine NOT being a regular customer.Small froyo place with decent amount of chairs to sit and enjoy your froyo , however I was a little disappointed with how little flavors they had. I like different flavors to mix with my froyo so choosing only 2 flavors out of 6 gave this shop 3 stars. I chose the mango and strawberry topped with  mochi. The strawberry froyo had a very thick texture which I wasn't use to but I actually liked it. The mango flavor was tart and slightly thinner texture than the mango so it balanced out both textures. Aside from froyo, the shop offered crêpes and coffee. I  got to taste  my friends Nutella crêpes which  was OK. Nothing special about it. Just plain Jane crêpe. 
Overall , an OK place.This place is just ok. I've been to a lot of froyo places in my time so I know what could be (Whirled Peace in Manayunk is where its at) Its your standard serve yourself operation, sparse decor and seating inside. Good location right by my house but I've only been twice. That can't be good, right?What a great neighborhood frozen yogurt shop.  Great selection of flavors and fresh toppings to add! Not only that but the staff/owner couldn't be nicer! Great option for a sweet and less fattening treat!Was pretty shocked to see a place like this on Market St but I stopped in and was a little confused. The very polite employee told me how it works, pay by the ounce, so I grabbed a cup and got started. I wanted to make a "Cookies & Cream Cheesecake Pie" so I started with Cake Batter flavor on the bottom and Mixed Cheesecake and Cookies & Cream with some Oreo Crumbles on top with syrup. At 49 cents an ounce it might sound like a deal, but dont over do it because the cups are BIG and "encourage you" to fill up to the hilt....Which totaled to $8.00 and some change for me. As for the yougurt, it was good although I expected more out of the Cheesecake and Cookies & Cream flavors. I surley will be going back again, but curb my appetite next time.Went into old city frozen yogurt and it was amazing all the flavors were spectacular and the toppings so many too choose from the young lady i think is the manager she was so helpful and greeted my friends and I with a smile and helped us too make a wonderful choice in our selection thumbs up she did a awesome job.Just stopped by here for lunch and it was nice. Great choices of fro yo, many non-fat, and excellent selection of toppings- what more can you ask for? It's nice to have another option aside from ice cream at Franklin Fountain in that area. You pay by the ounce and it's not too pricey if you don't overload it!
Special note- It's cash only for now.Love Love Love Yogurt Bars and Old City Fro Yo did not disappoint!  Happened by here on our way down to the fireworks at Penns Landing and after assessing the food at the landing, decided to head right back up here for our meal!  Six of us ate for $35 and we thoroughly enjoyed the semi-healthy dessert!  I had the cake batter and peanut butter flavors which were both creamy and delicious!Below average froyo. Their froyo is VERY tart. They have average toppings. If you want whipped cream, you have to specifically ask for it. When you pay, they ask for you to give at least 10% tip. 
Also, while I was there, the man that was working made free smoothies for the group of girls he was clearly into (they were clearly not into him). He gave the girls free smoothies and thought this would give him an in into this group. He did not give these free smoothies to any other customer in the store. 
It was not great service and not good froyo. I would never recommend.My bf and I came here for the first time on First Friday craving last minute crepes & froyo and we quickly checked reviews before stopping in -- Old City Frozen Yogurt lives up to its fairly high rating; great food-wise, had great customer service and a cute, bright atmosphere. The more classic froyo flavors (Dutch chocolate, country vanilla, strawberry) were sweet & creamy (not particularly tart). Bf loved the Grand Marnier crepe even with its strong flavors. Service was awesome & friendly; there was only one worker in tonight who ran back and forth to make crepes, give out samples, and check people out but she was so sweet and even offered to make a second crepe because she said the Grand Marnier looks a little flat compared to other crepes (no need -- the flavors carried the crepe). They also had beautiful teas to choose from and made an awesome latte to top off our sweet snacks!Old City Frozen Yogurt is rad for the following reasons:
1) Cake Batter ice cream that's as creamy as blended cake batter...and tastes like exaggerated cake batter.
2) All of the ice cream is creamy - even the Euro Tart and the Sorbet...so you get tart flavor without ice crystals. That's really darn impressive.
3) There's a nice, not overwhelming, selection of toppings, including sour squirty balls, Oreos, crushed candy bars, sauces, fruits and nuts...and mochi...soft mochi...fresh mochi...
3) They take Level Up.
(But they lack my precious cookie dough.)
AND SERIOUSLY it's nice to know that Olde City has a great dessert place...because quite frankly, that one ice cream parlor isn't all that good.I like this place. I usually don't like do-it-yourself yogurt places because I'm so un-creative when it comes to figuring out what toppings to use.  They had really good froyo choices, so I couldn't really get it wrong. I had the red velvet, cake batter and cookies and cream, and threw in almonds, rainbow sprinkles, and granola. It was very good.  I think this will be my froyo spot this summer.I love Franklin Fountain, but sometimes you need some frozen yogurt instead and Old City Frozen Yogurt is a welcome addition to Old City especially in the scorching hot summer.  They are definitely not even close to one of the best frozen yogurt places in the city but for being a block away from my place I can't complain. The flavors aren't the best in the world and the toppings seem slightly old but it is pretty great on a hot night.  I love the cake batter and they have a good assortment of toppings to put on.  Also just a quick tip (for all fro-yo places that charge by the ounce), if you fill your cup it can get really pricey. Fill it halfway and you will be OK. The cups are too big anyways.Stopped in here (cash only) after a production at Arden Theatre.
Our 7 year old said it was awful and the cake batter flavor made her sick.
The heat from the 4 yogurt machines (one was broken) was unbearable and the cashier was more interested in picking up her chinese take-out.
Will not go back.  There are many, many better fro-yo spots in Philly.There are so many froyo places in CC now - probably as many as there are cupcake bakeries (which also need to be culled)! At least for me, this means that quality is key, and quality in every sense. Old City Frozen Yogurt came into the area first as an exclusively froyo-serving place, but they should IMHO make a few changes. I came in to the dead, empty space during the week after a grueling workout, and the lone staffer (who seriously looked bored and miserable) was nice enough to give me as many samples (it seemed) as I wanted to try, but I was the only person there and she had to come out from behind the counter to give me a new tasting cup each time. 
The few flavors are fine, pretty generic like birthday cake, chocolate, vanilla, peanut butter, and the ONE greek yogurt based one was a black cherry (and probably the best of the bunch). Price is $.49 per ounce, and I think that they should have two sizes of cups instead of the one GIGANTIC bowl of a cup that is meant to make you spend more. The toppings are limited and not that great, less of the healthy options and more of the crowd pleasing types. But that makes sense given that during their peak season they primarily have tourists coming in. Oh, and it's CASH ONLY - they have an ATM, but given that my small serving cost me $4.25, I'm sure that it wouldn't hurt them if they took credit - in fact, it might INCREASE their sales (especially if they had a minimum like $5). Regardless, not my favorite place, so it's a good thing I have better options close to home.Cash only. Yogurts were decent but not memorable. The workers were more interested in reading a book then letting you weigh and pay.Girl working tonight was cutting strawberries with plastic gloves when I got there at around 7 pm.  She didn't say a word.  When I made my way to the cash register she didn't acknowledge me until I said I was ready.  She rang me up and took my money without removing her gloves. She didn't say a word during the entire transaction.  After paying, she walked back over to the toppings bar and continued to cut strawberries without putting on a fresh pair of gloves.  So -- I asked, "don't you think it's unsanitary to not change gloves after handling money?"  Disgusting.  Will not return.Their flavors are okay; not a big selection at all. Cash only is really inconvenient but at least they do Level Up.Stopped into this place for a quick fix one evening after work. I'm so used to Sweet Endings in Center City, and it's disappointment, that I was not expecting much.
The service exceeded my expectations. The woman behind the counter was totally helpful. I did the Red Velvet cake FroYo and it was truly out of this world. It's impeccably clean. There are fruity pebbles as a topping. And you can really pile 'em on, and it's not overly expensive.
Will probably go today, even though it's a bit chilly out.I can't take it anymore. I must confess before the Ashley Madison of the froyo world list is revealed...I cheated on Happily Ever After. 
And I'm not proud of it. And not that there is ever a good excuse for dessert infidelity, but the thought of crossing over to the busier side of Market on a Saturday night with two energetic pups on a leash was too much, so I gave into the temptation of having my sweet treat fix sooner and with less complication. And I regret every spoonful of it. Particularly the graham cracker ones and kind of a little bit the cake batter ones, although not quite as much.
Old City Frozen Yogurt and I have history. We used to casually date. But it was a relationship of convenience and was bound to fizzle. Enter Happily Ever After. When it first moved into the neighborhood, it was love at first bite. And until last weekend, I never wavered from my commitment. And I never should have. Risking my glorious committed relationship with Happily Ever After's Acai Bowl, Nutella Froyo and Nutella Cappuccino cheesecake for a subpar product at Old City Frozen Yogurt was pure stupidity. It's as mind-boggling as when Austin chose to be with Sami when he could have been with Carrie (shout out to Days of our Lives circa 1995).
So now, to make amends for my wrongful, philandering ways, in front of all of Yelp, I ask, "Happily Ever After, will you make me the happiest girl in the world and spend the rest of your life catering to my sweet tooth? I promise to never wander again."Unfortunately, this is the only FroYo place in the neighborhood.  It's not bad, but it's not great either.  They have a modest selection of flavors with some decent toppings (good fruit selection).
The place itself is fairly dark and really hot in the summer since they don't have AC.  They're always playing a weird selection of music that is sometimes recognizable.
The people who work there are always really friendly and generally ask your opinions on certain things.  It's nice to know that they're trying to improve and want customers' input.
Cash only.Its ok alittle pricey and good selection of flavors. Customer service was good.
The yogurt is a runs alittle bit but that is expected when you get yogurt from a machine.  Beside that it is a good spot for a refreshing treat.Randomly came across this place with my boyfriend one night...OMG! 
I was never really a yogurt person before now. I tried other froyo places before, but none impressed me. Not only was the yogurt superb, but the whole experience in general was awesome. I give this place 5 stars because...
1) all the yogurt has a rich and natural taste. Very sweet and satisfying.
2) the awesome selection of toppings and fresh cut fruit-- sweet N healthy!
3) great customer service! Young college kids, working hard! :)
4) the hip and chill ambiance of the entire store. They play cool music too.
5) Best froyo EVER!!!
I highly recommend this place if you really wanna satisfy your taste buds and feel awesome while doing it!Stumbled upon this place after a long day of touring Philly. The owner was very friendly and even let us sample an "affogato" (vanilla froyo and espresso). Would definitely come back again!There were 6-8 flavors to choose from which was great.  This place is self help so you can control how much yogurt, what flavors, and what toppings.  You pay by weight (I think it was 59 cents per oz). Very yummy yogurt and a good choice of toppings.  Decor was cute too and they had outside seating which was nice!  Plus, they sell water bottles for $1.  Finally a place that doesn't totally jack up the price of water!This is your run of the mill yogurt shop.  The required tart flavors are in stock (my preference) and the more traditional Cookies n' Cream and Cake Batter type flavors are there as well.  It's self-serve, so like 99.9% of other self-serve yogurt shops they went with the two (large) sized bowls - so definitely do not let that trick you into filling it full - you pay by the ounce not the bowl.  
One concern, the tart flavors must not appeal to their typical crowd as I've had more than one flavor not be tart like it was other trips, but actually be sour like milk gone bad.  My hunch is they do not make the yogurt fresh daily - which is kind of a shock as all it is is concentrate in a bag dumped into the machines that swirl it to keep it smooth.  
Not too concerned about the pricing as it seems in line with other frozen yogurt shops around the city - but their quality doesn't seem to measure up.Worst yogurt in the city in my opinion. No other options in old city so that helps them out quite a bit I'm sure.
No go for me after my first taste. 
I generally judge off the plain tart, not tart enough and the yogurt is really running for some reason. 
Still dreaming of a day when yogurtlands hit Philly and it's $.29/ounce...........Oh what a day that would be.not bad, not great. Go to Yoggerino instead. Seriously... Plus pay by the weight is such a scam. When you pour it yourself it gets soooo expensive.
Also side note. They have loyalty cards and I have one cause I have been a couple times (I live in olde city so it is just super convenient)
I brought my friend in one time and we both got yogurt. My friend was from out of town so he didnt need/want a loyalty card to get stamped. but I already had one. When I tried to get my card stamped for my friends yogurt too the lady was like,"I already stamped you for yours and you cant have his"
 What the Frick? I bring someone into your establishment, giving you business and I cant get a stamp for both yogurts, that I paid for?
It makes me not want to go back. Too bad they are literally across the street from me.Came by one rainy night and the attendant was extremely sweet and helpful. Had two crepes one sweet and one savory and was absolutely blown away by the flavors. Topped off with delicious frozen yogurt. Best place in old city even went back to catch some world cup games.They are the best place for a health conscious snack or desert in Old City. The product is pretty standard, but where it stands head and shoulders above Sweet Endings is that the vending machines will do a mix of two flavors, and they cost about half as much. The only drawback is that they don't take credit or debit cards.The customer service was excellent! So was the delicious watermelon blueberry smoothie!I went with a combo of cake batter and peanut butter fro-yo (the only 2  options in the shop that weren't nonfat!) The cake batter was delicious, but I thought the peanut butter had a bit of an odd taste. That was somewhat remedied by the delicious toppings, including crushed oreo cookies and graham crackers, chocolate syrup, caramel, and sprinkles! They also have fresh fruit.
We had a coupon ($5 off) but our total before the coupon came to $16 for two people, so it can get pricey! If you don't mind the expense, this is a fun place.This place is good. The yogurt tasted really good, and the fruits on the toppings bar were fresh. Be aware that it's cash-only, though.Was taking a walk in Old City with my friends and came across this little gem. The yogurt is AMAZING, the workers are the friendliest bunch you could ever meet, and you could just tell that the fruit toppings were freshly cut from the market. 
Great place to go to. I became a yogurt fan thanks to them and other places don't compare to their great quality. Would recommend everyone to go!Across the street from Sonnys!! Great FroYo and the server was so nice and sweet!! Ambiance was nice and calm ... the Banana and Nutella Crepe!! Sooooo good!! Limited toppings to choose from and limited FroYo suggestions however not bad.Have stopped there a few times over the last couple of weeks and have been impressed.  Nice medley of flavors, including the "Cake Batter" flavor.  A little pricey, but when I was in Vegas a few weeks ago it was .55 cents per ounce compared to .49 here.  Also, they've got coupons everywhere on line and at nearby establishments.  I will be back, largely because the fro-yo there is somewhat addictive.Although I had tried samples from Old City Frozen Yogurt en route to other spots in Old City, I never had the time to actually stop in and get a full-size portion.  That all changed when I stopped in the other day and got an unlikely combination of cake batter, pumpkin, apple pie, and red velvet (the best of all the flavors I got) topped with fresh strawberries and rainbow sprinkles.  The quality of the yogurt was definitely 5 stars, but the overall four-star rating is based on the fact that their selection of toppings isn't quite as expansive as I would have liked it to be (no whipped cream and cherries??? Come on!!)  and that they only accept cash.  However, they do have an ATM available for your convenience, and the seating area is adorable.  Since this place is the only one I've encountered thus far with red velvet fro-yo, I'll definitely be back.During my past week in Philadelphia, I happened to hit all three ice cream/frozen yogurt places on Market Street in old town philly during my stay.  That included this place, Just Great Frozen Yogurt, and the Franklin Fountain.  I can definitely say of the three, that this place is the best.  I stopped in with my kids after dinner on a Monday evening and we got two crepes, a smores and a very berry, to split.  The crepes were excellent and the frozen yogurt they came with was also very good.  It was also very refreshing (after going to the outrageously expensive Franklin Fountain) to find that the prices here were very reasonable for what you get.  I happened to mention to the man at the counter that I thought this was the best of the three places mentioned above and he was very appreciative and let me know he was the owner.  He also mentioned that he had just taken over the business three months earlier, so you might want to focus on reviews since that time since they will likely be more relevant to the current experience.  He was extremely friendly and even handed me a bottle of water since he figured the kids and I might be thirsty after walking all around town.  All in all, we had a very pleasant experience here and really enjoyed the crepes.  It's nice to see there are places in this rather touristy area that care about good service and more than just seeing how much of your money they can get.  I'm anxious to go back next time I'm in town and try their savory crepes.  The buffalo chicken and gorgonzola crepe sounds incredible!  One more note, I see some older reviews say they are cash only.  This is no longer true.  I paid with my credit card.Frozen yogurt and toppings were super delicious! Also, the owner is very kind and honest! I left my purse there and he called my husband's phone to track me down, waited for me to come pick it up even though they had already closed and refused to accept a cash reward once I arrived.  In this day and age, it's nice to know some people still do the right thing just because it's the right thing to do.Awesome fro yo! Owner was friendly and helpful. I highly recommend this place! Clean and well stocked. I ate here two nights in a row! My friend had the banana Nutella crepe and he loved it!Absolutely delicious frozen yoghurt! I love the range of fruity flavours and toppings. The atmosphere here is great. We sat out front in the sun to enjoy ours, listening to nice music. Our dog, jimbo, especially loved the dog bowl of water outside :)Not really flavorful... Which is sad because the location is good for people in that area. If you're in the area and really looking for some frozen treats then you'll be happy but not satisfied.Let me start by saying it's not a 16 handles like the ones in New York or MD, but for my visit in Philly it did just fine.  It had a couple of flavors and toppings. Cash only seems to be the thing in Philly ehh okExcellent service and an amazing place . I enjoyed every bit of it! Fresh fruits topping and well prepared. Make sure to check it out while you're around the area! highly recommend!Was working in Olde City today and the weather was beautiful so I decided to get something summery. Happened upon this place. So glad I did. One of the new owners, Artur, was working and was so energetic and enthusiastic about his new business. I can see why. Fresh fruit, REAL yogurt (not powdered like some other places), great atmosphere. It was the perfect ending to my day. Can't wait to come back...with friends. Hurry up summer!Lovely place to go to. Delicious service and excellent yogurt! Glad to have these guys in the neighborhood.This place is honestly the best yogurt place I've ever been to. The yogurt is really good (good quality, fresh, and tasty). They have many interesting flavors that I've never seen in other places. The fruits are all fresh cut and so many variety of toppings. The store itself is very cute and they have outdoor seatings as well, so you can enjoy the weather and the view of old city. The people who work there are very friendly and welcoming. They are the new owner of the place and I heard they plan to add smoothies, juice bar, and CREPES also!!! And they're also thinking of adding a credit card machine. This place is great. You have to try it out to believe yourself. 100% recommended!!The actual yogurt was good but the toppings were bad. The fruity pebbles and oreos that I put on my froyo were so stale that I had to tell them. The cashier tells me their toppings have been out since yesterday morning! I was so shocked she even admitted to it and made it sound okay. She let us replace the toppings but the entire froyo should have been replaced since i had to get rid of most of the froyo to discard the stale topppings.Came here during the Gay Pride parade, to use bathroom and get a refreshment. it' is cool to note: they have frozen yogurt, fruit smoothies and coffee. Yes they even have an espresso machine.It was hot and sunny so I opted for fruit smoothie which was so refreshing. Staff was nice. Bathroom clean. Cute inside. I will come back.This place is amazing! I didn't really care for frozen yogurt until I tried it here. I took some of my friends to try and they love it too. I was also very impressed by the service. Everyone was so nice!We were on our way to Lucy's Hat when we saw this frozen yogurt shop. It looked pretty new to me, but I haven't been in Old city for a long time. We had just gotten froyo the night but I was determined to taste all frozen yogurts around the area. 
It's a cute little shop with do-it-yourself froyo machines. There were a variety of flavors but nothing too exotic. They had little sample cups to try the yogurt. Their machines flow really fast and trying to take a little sample was a feat. The pomegranate raspberry was sour. The original tart was missing something (it didn't have that refreshing taste) and the vanilla was too much like ice cream. Their toppings also were pretty typical (no mochi though!). 
A lackluster froyo BUT customer service was great!