A step up from 7-11 in terms of food options, I found this Old Nelson to be on par with your typical Wawa.  They offer a decent selection at average convenient store prices.  The store appears to be kept clean and they offer a few hoagie specials - no hoagiefest, but it will do.  In a location that doesn't seem to have many other convenient stores, Old Nelson's provides a fair, A-Ok, option.Food: 4 stars
Location: 4 stars
Ambiance/Convenience: 3.5 stars
Service: 3 stars
Price: 4 stars
Recommendations:  The sandwiches at Old Nelson are delicious, large, and well priced.  They have a wide variety of options and use fresh ingredients in making their sandwiches.
My recommendation is to walk to Old Nelson, buy a sandwich/drink/chips and head out to Rittenhouse Square for a delicious lunch/picnic in the park.  Its a delicious treat and great people watching on sunny days in Philly.
Overall: 3.5 stars (a four star experience including Rittenhouse Square)This place is awesome. There's a few Old Nelson's throughout the city. Some of which, I give five stars. This particular one seems a little older and it doesn't have outdoor seating like some of the others. However, the important thing is that the food tastes the same at them all. Great! Very fresh and pretty generous portions. Best of all, their meat and cheese selection is probably the best that you'll find in any deli. Their bread selection isn't as vast, but they probably still offer more than most other places. I honestly feel like this place can make anything you can imagine... Their drink/ snack selection is also good. Definitely similar, if not better than what 7 Eleven has to offer. Their prices are pretty much average too. And lastly, some of the other Old Nelsons close around 5 and aren't open on Sundays, but this one is open everyday til midnight.i was disappointed when this stopped being a wawa, until i realized that wawa isn't that awesome. old nelson is a little bit awesome, especially because they carry hemp milk, premade vegetarian things and all sorts of chips. also, you can order a hoagie with avocado.love the fage still but stay away from their proscuitto.  it's not good nor authentic and it's way too salty!I enjoy the new Old Nelson that opened up on 34th and Lancaster. I am writing this review, however, because I have noticed issues with their pricing.  
For instance, with respect to two things I purchased, I noticed a significant price difference than neighboring retailers.
For example, a six pack of Blue Moon at Old Nelson is $1.50 more than at Savos across the street.  ($13.50 at Old Nelson) 
The draft latte La Colombe latte is $.50 more than at La Colombe.  ($4.00 at Old Nelson)
I think this store needs to adjust its prices to match the neighboring stores.  
Otherwise, I appreciate the cleanliness of the store, the variety of foods and drinks and the kind people working there.I love their sandwich and coffee. 
I feel very satisfied with food but never happy with working people there. They never smile and say hi to LADY customers. I saw many times the cashier joking with guys then change face to me. My firends felt same way.This is a high-speed, low-drag version of Wawa.  It's 24-hours and has a deli that serves a sick Jewish hoagie (get it with Dirty jalapeno chips...twice as sick!).  Most of their deli ingredients are local and the rest of their products are fairly high-end.  
Woulda got 5 stars if all the Asian girls weren't always fightin over me...ha ha, j/k, but not really.I am pretty sad that we are moving tomorrow so that we won't be visiting this little hole in the wall as often. We moved to this neighborhood 1.5 years ago but just discovered this place a month ago and almost visit everyday! You have to try the grilled chicken breast sandwich, Cajun turkey panini, turkey gumbo, and the orange Asian salad...
I will miss this place so much. Will try to walk over once a week after we move away...The wraps and hoagies are amazing!
I won't eat them from anywhere else in the city, because it is always a disappointment. There are tons of choices, and I get cravings for these sandwiches, they're so good.
The girl that works the night shift is super nice and always remembers me, regardless of how long it has been since I've last been in. 
Open 24 hours which is awesome, but a 10 dollar card minimum which I don't like!Old Man Nelson is open 24/7, and that includes the deli, so you can get a delicious sandwich at any time of night. This alone wins my devotion.Where do you go very late at night when you want as many snack options as possible in one place?! Wawa always used to be the answer... Thankfully, the drunken-munchie gods have smiled upon us and delivered (to a very gracious me) Old Nelson! 
Things you can find all under one roof at 2:00 am:  faux pinkberry - complete with toppings, Euro-treats, deli goods, and all the typical fare that you'd find at a convenience store. Plus, the little lady working the register was super-friendly AND very helpful in assisting us with our candy purchases.
Thank goodness the Wawa closed and sprouted this snappy little shop!At first, I was upset that Wawa was being taken away... until that faithful day that I wanted a sandwich and was not in the mood to walk about 8 extra blocks just for Wawa.
Their food is fresh and really good.. at first I thought they were pricey but it's def. worth it! the sandwiches are so large that you could even share it with someone and still be full.
Their selection of random snacks, groceries and drinks is also pretty good! The staff is also really nice, no center city rudeness here! yay!
ps. u must try their muffins!!Being new to Philly and all, I have been eagerly waiting to try a Philadelphian hoagie. I was planning on trying Primo Hoagies, but my friend told me that her favorite was Old Nelson's, so I decided to give it a try. I got the Italian hoagie which is what I think they're known for. Honestly, it was really good, but nothing amazing to the point where I would think I can't get it in California. ALSO, I asked for it on wheat, and I GOT A SANDWICH. I was expecting a giant sub like my friend who also ordered the Italian hoagie. Apparently, the wheat hoagie comes on regular wheat bread, which makes it not a hoagie anymore...I was so disappointed! But I guess now I know...next time I just won't get wheat. I heard some places give you a hoagie on wheat but not this place! All in all, the "hoagie" was really good, but next time I want to try their paninis. I heard the roast beef panini is amazing!I was very upset when i though i was losing wawas... but place is so much better. Staff is always friendly not acting annoyed when i order and they make panninis!I just found out that Old Nelson's at 2000 Chestnut Street will no longer be 24 hours.  They are closing at midnight, even on the weekends.
This is a loss to the neigborhood in that it was the only place to go to pick up a snack early in the morning.I walked by this place every day for a year and I guess somehow never realized there was a deli inside. And now my only experience was actually late night but I was impressed. First - anywhere open around 2 am is rare in philly and a value right there. But the employees were super nice and didnt mind our drunkeness at all. They also gave good sandwich recs! They told us their panini selection was best. I had some sort of roasted red pepper turkey. I thought the pepper was a little too strong for me so I'd go with something different. But it was a large sandwich - I could only eat half - and the bread was good which is an essential part. I'd go back!I love Old Nelson's - I am a regular here, and I've even added their phone number to my contacts because I work across the street and want to check the daily soup(s) before leaving my building. 
Every sandwich here is made-to-order and you can make substitutions and/or additions (though some come at an additional cost). I personally like to substitute spinach for lettuce and I've only been charged extra once for this, probably because I've since become a regular customer. I opt for the spinach because a) spinach is drier and won't make the sandwich too soggy, as I finish a foot-long hoagie over two lunches and save one half in the fridge overnight; and b) I simply like its taste better. I typically get either the turkey or Italian special hoagie. For the latter, I add sweet and hot peppers, mayo, and onions. Their specialty sandwiches and paninis are all good depending on what your preferred meat and vegetable combo is. A fan favorite is the corned beef reuben, which comes with a tart Russian dressing and a generous amount of corned beef. 
The juices - whether Tropicana Orchard or Odwalla - are a bit expensive ($2.99+) but this place takes card with a $5 minimum, so it's a great alternative if you don't happen to have cash for a food truck. There's also an ATM machine inside. As this is also a convenience store, you can buy chips of varying sizes (though these, too, are more expensive than what you can buy at a grocery store), brownies, muffins, cookies, and sundry grocery items such as dry pasta, instant noodles, sauce, and chocolate chips.
If you're short on time in the morning, Old Nelson's also offers a variety of breakfast items, including toasted bagels, PBJs, egg sandwiches on English muffins made-to-order (with a piping hot egg), and yogurt-and-fruit parfaits which come in either vanilla or strawberry varieties. The coffee du jour is La Colombe coffee either regular or decaf; and the coffee beans are also on sale in the convenience store section near baked goods.
This place is a go-to for a quick lunch and/or pick-me-up when you're looking for an escape from the daily grind!I bought a drink here and when I went home, I discovered the drink had already been opened and a few sips had been taken. It was absolutely disgusting!I love old Nelsons for many reasons. The main one being the quality of the deli, and how quickly they get the food to you. It always tastes good. Fair price for big portions.Not being a native to Philadelphia, or this geographical region, for that matter, I can't do any comparative analysis between Old Nelson's and WaWa, which may or may not be a good thing.
I'd like to think there are a lot of pros to this place. I've been here twice so I feel like I might know what I'm talking about, but maybe not! There's a diverse staff here, which is great--keeps the atmosphere up-beat. The deli workers have always been nice and modified their sandwiches to my liking. I've only had the Special Italian Hoagie, but it was better than New England, where the Italian is one of the more popular sandwiches. So big props to Nelson's for defeating the giants up north. For a full sized Italian it came to $6.41, which is definitely meets the quality of the food. They might be able to get away with charging a dollar more too. I'd probably still buy it. Oh yeah--they accept debit cards, too!
For the most part the place seems to have a nice array of grocery items, from organic yogurts and chips to the more mainstream candy bars and sodas. Full assortment of Ben and Jerry's might please some people--a quality I notice and admire even though I haven't had that stuff for a while now. Decent selection of gourmet chocolates, too--including a handful of foreign brands.
I went to this place once around three in the morning and earlier this evening at 8:30, and there was no long wait or anything, due to customers or service, which is again, quite nice. I did have a kind of strange feeling about the homeless guys standing just outside the door and holding the door open for customers (great moral quandary), but it wasn't sketchy or anything.
I guess I just wish the first sandwich selection I tried didn't have to be as good so I could try something else on the menu.Old Nelson is an A+ sandwich shop and convenience store that probably accounted for 20% of my diet for a two year period of my life. The staff is wonderful and the breakfast sandwiches are great - fairly priced, fresh, and well-made. I strongly suggest the bacon, egg, and cheese on an English muffin- if you are like me you will then get one every day and occasionally come back for a panini. Everyone at the sandwich counter does a great job and you never have that fear that if you walk in a the wrong time you're going to get a bad sandwich.Can I write an update every time I have something from here that I love? Or is that overkill? 
I'm doing it anyway. 
I've tried two new soups over the past week. I love that every time I walk into this place the guy behind the deli counter says - "Soup?" hahaha. I do love their soups. 
Anyway. Their Thai Chicken Rice Soup with Curry (perfect...with the perfect amount of spiciness) and their wild mushroom soup (I don't even like mushrooms but they let me sample it and it was fantastic. I ate the whole container of it including the big pieces of mushrooms.)
I'm crossing barriers with their soups. Keep 'em coming, Old Nelson and Thank you.i.love.it.
they always have a smile -and mean it - when i walk in at 7 am before work, and drag my sleepy self to grab a coffee only to spill it on myself-because Im sleepy, yes, eyes barely open, and they let me refill... I love the choices that you have, the hoagies are bigger and tastier, omg I dont have enough words to thank that they're so close to work.... and the frozen yogurt!!! can you pls open near my apt in Old City too?!!!!!While I do miss the Wawa that I often frequented at late night hours, I do appreciate the quality of Old Nelson. I was a fan of the location around Old City and was glad that if someone was going to take over the Wawa location, it was these guys. I will miss the hot dogs and fast and cheap sandwiches Wawa had, as well as their nice selection of junk food but I do love Old Nelson sandwiches and their use of fancier breads and Boar's Head meats. It also doesn't feel as dingy as it used to. The service has also improved, there are more workers milling about. I may be in the minority, but I think this is a plus for the area.i will always remember this place.
we walked from south & 2nd.... was so freaking tired and hungry.
we were walking towards primo's... only to find that they were closed. fack!
came here to try hoagies.... haven't had them in awhile, but pretty good compared to what i remember.
little pricey and the lady making our hoagies was not very friendly, but then again, i'm not sure if she spoke english. the cashiers just ignored us and just kept talking while we were waiting to pay for our food.Many things have been said about this location so I'll be short and sweet...mostly sweet...and not that short...
This used to be Wawa and I was devastated when the corporate office decided to close this location as I work one block from here.
Not to worry, Old Nelson to the rescue!
They have a really nice selection of healthy snacks like rice puffs and wasabi peas. Their soups are delightful and vary every day (take a hike Cosy!) they have awesome made to order sandwiches and subs with healthy items like hummus and tuna (without mayo) 
Nice variety of refrigerated drinks and helpful staff.
Oh yea, open 24 hours  FTW!11nee WaWa.  When you walk in there's not much to tell you that you're not in WaWa except:
Everything is 1-2 dollars more expensive
There is no deli ordering machine
There is no free ATM
There is a 5 dollar credit card minimum
There are cute asian girls with a tenuous grasp of the English Language behind the counter. 
It seems like overnight this WaWa became and Old Nelson.  The neighborhood is the poorer for it.Old Nelson has become a daily stop for me for ever since I've moved to CC. The staff are soooo friendly  and really genuine and kind group of people. Open 24-7, well-stocked, fresh and good quality sandwiches, and a wide selection of food (organic, ethnic, pastries, coffee, and  frozen yogurt even). Think the prices are reasonable as well. I also remember when we had the craziest snow storm last winter with snow piled 4 feet high, Old Nelson was one of the few stores open. Definitely one ups Wawa or 7/11 in all aspects. Whether you're coming in at lunchtime for a sandwich or snack, or 3am in the morning for some after-bars late night snack, you'll be sure to leave very satisfied.I can't count how many times I got done DJing at Medusa Lounge and stumbled over half-asleep at 3 am to Old Nelson for a late night hoagie.  I don't know what time they close but they are always open when I need them.  My favorite sandwich is the Grilled chicken specialty sandwich.  It comes on tasty focaccia bread with avocado, chicken, lettuce, tomato and a tangy honey mustard.  The sandwich at first seems small but the heaviness of the focaccia definitely fills you up.  My BF also enjoys their mixed cheese hoagie with the works.  The store is also fully stocked with any chip you could imagine, a wall of fridges full of drinks, ice cream, chocolate, and snacks galore.  
As sad as I am that all the Center City Wawas seem to be closing, this was a welcome replacement.Ah, the Old Nelson.
It used to be a Wawa, now it's a wawa-beater. 
It's open late, has good, solid sandwiches, food, and basic groceries, and really can't be faulted for much. It's clean, the service is good and friendly (even at 4am), and I'll be a regular visitor whenever I'm in Philadelphia.A bit pricey for some but they have everything that you need. They even had sandwiches and products for vegetarians! It is definitely convenient for city living. I plan to keep dropping by!Wow this place is great. Reasonably priced for a small market in CC, with a very good selection of high end meats, cheeses, etc. as well as a number of snacks and quick lunch and dinner items.
Can't complain about their tremendous deli section, either. Big fat sandwiches for under $6..foot longs. Fresh bread and fast service.  They also sometimes serve a Thai Chicken soup that is heavenly.  Love this place!It's great for what it is, a chain deli. I like their coffee and egg sandwiches although they are made in the microwave.Best for Breakfast! Tasty Bagel Sandwich and fresh fruits and a large Coffee lower than 10$ ! And delicious! The employees are very helpful and friendly!I love the deli sandwiches here, but what really sells me is by far the best, most extensive selection of individual-size bags of chips in the city!  Also the service is very quick and friendly!A solid option in the north-of-Rittenhouse Area. Open late, prices are a little higher than you'd expect, but food is always solid and the workers efficient. 
Club sandwich (w/avocado + chicken) is probably the best deal among their sandwiches and you can customize things as you see fit on pretty much every sandwich. Also, the new online ordering via Yelp! is a breeze.Old Nelson has a mini-monopoly on the off-beat Center City hoagie business. I've been to the Old Nelson on both 20th and 7th, and both experiences were excellent. They're quick, to-the-point, and well-made sandwiches. They're what WaWa could be if they took a little more time and cared a little more. With a place like Old Nelson, you get the feeling that the management keeps a close watch on their employees. At both locations, great care went into my sandwiches and wraps. 
The Old Nelson on 20th, specifically, is in a great location. I ordered the Italian and really loved it. One of the two or three best hoagies I've had in Philly, with Pasquale's serving as the reigning champion for best Italian in the city. There's really not much else to say about it: you line up at the deli case; order your sandwich, which can be customized six ways to Sunday; and pay at the central kiosk in the store. It's a no-hassle hoagie, just the way I like it.I went for the first time today looking for some ingredients for a pie. The cashiers were very rude. I ended up not purchasing anything because they had a $5 card limit. I will NEVER come here again.Perfect deli / convenience store for a late night hoagie. Everything is made to order with top quality meats, cheeses, and bread. Go for the Old Italian or the Jewish hoagie with everything on it. Awesome after a long night of drinking.i love this place. one of the best places downtown to grab a quick and healthy late night meal. great fresh made sandwiches, wraps, etc. the staff is extremely friendly and fun. the store is extremely clean and they offer a wide selection of healthy and "alternative" foods/snacks. a couple years back they were open 24hrs but now have reduced their hours and are only open 24hrs during the weekend but anytime i am nearby i try to stop in and grab something. highly recommend.This is my secret, late night, post-bar hoagie stop.  The morning after going there I woke up and thought... 1) ma, my head is pounding; 2) why am I wearing a sombrero; and 3) did I dream about that hoagie, or did I really have a world class hoagie at 3am?  
Never did get the answer to my first question, but I've been back to what I affectionately call "The Full Neslon" several times and know for sure that this place makes a well crafted hoagie.  Good meats, plenty of toppings, and very fresh veggies (they add crunch to the experience - perfect for a drunken snack).  I recommend the Italian with everything on it.  Tip the nice girls up front for putting up with your shenanigans.Love this corner market/deli! It's similar in many respects to Food and Friends down the street: lots of unique Asian snacks/gummies, a decent offering of healthy dried goods, a grab-and-go coffee bar. However, instead of F&F's giant wall of beer bottles, Old Nelson has a deli where you can get hoagies/panini sandwiches made to order, which makes their open-early-closed-late hours even more of a plus. I especially love their Italian hoagie with pastrami and their roast beef sandwich. Most of their menu items come in at about $7 or less including tax - totally affordable for a quick healthy, hearty meal in Rittenhouse. Additionally, you can call ahead to place your order so that you can just pay for it when you come to pick it up and be on your merry way. 
Add this spot to your "fast" food rotation and make your wallet/waistline/tastebuds/schedule happy - you won't be sorry!I love this place! Great and friendly staff. I love the sandwich options, they offer a variety of cold sandwiches, hot panini's, and hoagies. I also love how I can get a fresh sandwich at like 11pm, which is hard to do in the city for pretty a decent price. The deli selections are always fresh, from the buffalo chicken breast to the jerk turkey. Also, I love their off the menu options like their chipotle mayo, a must for any sandwich to give it an extra little kick!For all intents and purposes, Old Nelson's has completely supplanted Wawa as a cheap, convenient and delicious sandwich shop in Philadelphia. The sandwiches are prepared to order by speaking directly to another person rather than typing on a machine that the entire world is open to touching. The paninis are fresh pressed, and by the time you grab a drink and pay for your order they are usually ready to be served. The prices are affordable, and there is an affable staff, a wide selection of fruits, snacks, beverages, as well as a wide variety of various goods. Old Nelson's has now surpassed wawa in both quality and functionality, while still remaining affordable and a pleasant lunchtime stop during my work day.Old Nelson is legit. Seriously, the hoagie technicians make good sando's. Love this spot, even though they're occassionally in a bad mood behind the deli counter. I don't blame them. Just like where I work right up the block, they deal with crazy people and super ding-dong Rittenhouse folk.Probably the only nice deli in 30th Street Station.  I think all the other food spots are almost all fast food joints: Taco Bell, Subway, KFC, Auntie Anns, Cosi, Dunkin Donuts, Wendy's, etc. and they are all okay.  This place makes great salads (fresh) and they are reasonable, $7.99 for the Thai Chicken Salad, & it is very good (see photo).  Generally a small grocer/convenience store w/ a deli in the back.  Efficiently run, some grocery/convenience items higher than the grocery stores but the key word is convenient.  They have a small "to go" section w/ sandwiches, salads, yogurts, and many healthy options.  Lots of drink options incl soda, water, teas, milk, juices & trendy drinks like kombucha.I stopped in here for a midnight meal after moving into my apartment.  I was surprised to find an extensive and exotic sandwich menu, and I was very pleased with my grilled chicken and avocado sandwich.  I also picked up a fancy soda and a chocolate pretzel.
I noticed there is a great selection of chocolate, most notably an entire section of Ritter Sport bars, the square ones that come in a wide array of flavors.
The late hours of operation mean I will probably be back here sometime when nothing else is open, although the prices seem to be a little on the high side.Old Nelson Food Company is the exact type of convenience store meets sandwich shop that is so plentiful in Philly and completely lacking in many other cities (I'm looking at you DC and every city in California). They have everything you would expect from a convenience store plus homemade deli sandwiches.Old Nelson's makes some clutch sandwiches for lunch. 
You can have whatever you sandwich loving heart desires because everything is made to order. Their italian hoagie is delicious. I always ask for hot peppers as well. 
Yesterday I wanted to go back to my elementary school, packed lunch days and ordered a plain turkey, american cheese, mayo sandwich on white bread. I got a side of pickles and a bag of bbq chips to smush between the bread slices. Neeedless to say, it was crunchalicious.Freshest hoagie I have ever had! I'm very picky about lunch meat and when I saw they had boars head - we ordered right away on uber eats. It was the most delicious hoagie!! Can't wait to order more!We ordered two sandwiches.
Quality: very good. Tasted just like the sandwiches i had in northern Italy (i m italian so thats a big plus).
Stores offers many import products from Europe and other countries. 
You get a very high quality sandwich for $6 or so.Ill mannered staff.  SMALL, yet fresh sandwiches.  GREAT beverage selection.  Irrationally expensive.  Their sandwiches used to be worth the price.I can't believe I gave this place another chance against my better judgement.  I had been coming in regularly enough that the lady at the counter recognized me, yet when I chose to pay using my partner's credit card instead of my own, they refused to take it, even though I showed my ID and everything and explained the situation.  They have a policy that discriminates against couples who do not have the same last name.  I will never ever go back here.hidden gem. love the food options here, they even have a good selection of drinksOLD NELSONS, I LOVE YOU!
They are like wawa but infinitely better. Wawa is put to shame by Old Nelsons, no question.
I look forward to their soups more than anything, especially after I get off a 12 hour waitressing shift and I can walk a block and a huge container of delicious soups and chili for under $4. 
Their dumpling soup, their chili, their Italian wedding and meatball - OH MY GOODNESS. The best soups I have ever had. And their sandwiches and salads are some of the best. Great ingredients and my taste buds are never, ever disappointed. I can vouch for their tuna melt, their meatball sandwich, their Italian hoagie and their chicken Caesar salads. YUM.
Not to mention that they are just like convenience stores in every other aspect with drinks and snacks and coffee. Not to mention their prepackaged cheese and meat section is crazy. 
So, their deli might seem a bit pricey, but anything you get is probably worth every penny. Their ingredients are top notch, in my opinion. 
If you couldn't tell, I don't think I could like this place anymore.
I could only hope that there was one in walking distance to where I live, but then I'd probably go there too often and spend all money and eat way too much. But who cares, It'd be worth it.It's a convenience store, so, obviously you shouldn't expect to get anything for cheap. If you just need pre-packaged items, it's pretty good, at least the last time I was there--they've got a pretty good variety and some (fancier) items you won't find in most convenience stores. If you have more money than you know what to do with or are willing to pay the extra-extra markup, I don't think there's any reason to dislike this place.
Personally, I'm hoping to never set foot in there again. That store used to be a Wawa. Philly Wawas are pretty lousy, but most items were reasonably cheap for a convenience store and they made edible hoagies (not that you wouldn't still feel guilty for eating Philly Wawa hoagies, but at least they satisfied one's hunger). This Old Nelson's hoagies make Wawa hoagies look like Primo's. The hoagie I got had bread that was paradoxically both dry and softer than Stroehmann's white bread with no flavor, crustiness, or real bread flavor or texture to be found. The meat was so-so, and the rest of my order was botched (no onions when I requested some, tomatoes that I did not want, a disgusting amount of mayo, etc.). I think I managed 2-4 hungry bites before coming to my senses and throwing that hoagie in the trash. For the same price (maybe less, even), I should've gone down the block and gotten a Primo.This place is pretty well priced for being off Rittenhouse Square. I especially love their wide selection and deli-style sandwiches.I generally stop in here only out of necessity because the prices are high.  That being said, what they carry is generally good, Boar's Head brand meats and cheeses.
My negative experience is with the deli counter.  If you are a full service deli, you shouldn't be surprised if I want a chunk of ham of for soups or salad making.  The deli counter attendant acted very "put out" and refused to cube the ham for me.  Rude!Lost looking for McGillin's ask the patron seated at the outside café. He had no clue what I was talking about.  I did find him eating what looking like the tastiest sandwich. 
The female behind the counter, was very jolly. She looked me up and down and said 
Cashier: We don't have any hoagie rolls
Andre: What makes you say that first?
Cashier: You look like you eat hoagies. Try a Kaiser 
Andre: What, does that mean?  Keyser Söze please!
My friend and I ordered the Pastrami and the Pepper Turkey, Pepper jack, everything, oregano, salt, oil vinegar. This bun of fun had everything and the kitchen sink. Sandwich consistency was amazing. I will visit again. I think I will get the hoagie roll next time.This place used to be the Wawa - and it has since improved in cleanliness and product quality, now thatOld Nelson took over.  A good place to get coffe, sandwiches and packed foods.  Plus it's right across the street from a Dunkin Donuts so you can get all your pre-work coffee/donut & smokes and head to the office.At least once a week I drive across town to this little convenient store/deli and face the risk of getting parking tickets (how come there is no parking around this area?) just to get their frozen yogurt. Forget Red Mango, Pinkberry, or even Phileo or Yogorino. This place has one of the best frozen yogurt ever. If you like tart frozen yogurt (think Pinkberry regular flavor), you can get it here. It's much much cheaper but they don't have fancy toppings.I can't believe I just discovered this place.  I've walked by it a million times and always wrote it off as a sketchy deli but late Wednesday night, a group of friends headed here after Bards and the sandwiches are SO good.  And it's SO clean inside.  They also have a ton of stuff to get from Fage 0% AND 2% to 3 different brands of hummus to all kinds of chips, crackers, cereals, baking goods, to fresh fruit.  I felt everything was very reasonably priced for a small store in Center City.  Also, the chicken caesar wrap is awesome.  It comes with lots of romaine lettuce and even chopped up boiled eggs with lots of fresh chicken!  I picked up some laughing cow cheese as well.  Definitely will be back as I've been back already this week.Having lived literally across the street for close to three years I can honestly say that I know and love this business. When the Wawa formerly in this location closed, my neighbors and I were absolutely heartbroken. We joined the rest of the neighborhood on the closing day to mourn the loss of cheap sub sandwiches and convenient beverage options. Only to find Old Nelson replace the Wawa in all of about 13 hours - literally. 
The sandwiches are (gasp) better than Wawa. The options included club sandwiches, paninis (which are fabulous), breakfast sandwiches (that would cure even the most hungover) and creative hoagie options. The staff is super friendly and unbelievably helpful even if you toss in a strange request (one whole green pepper from the back please). The dry food options are slightly more on the fancier side in comparison to what was offered before and I couldn't be happier. Even as I have now moved a whole 10 blocks away (wow, I know) I still return to Old Nelson on weekends when I want a simple breakfast sandwich at a reasonable cost to go. Another big plus is that I have never gotten a stale or sour product from this location as I have repeatedly at other nearby markets (yes I'm talking to you 7-11 and First Food Market). Way to go Old Nelsons!This place is nice on the surface but be weary of how fresh their products really are. Their deli is suspect with some of the ingredients and they stock products on the shelf that are 3 years oldfirst of all, i want to apologize to the people who work here for my behavior late friday night/saturday morning when i stumbled in screaming for hotdogs (they had none) and bitched about how wawa was turning in their grave...
that said, WHERE ARE THE EFFIN HOT DOGS? hummus and alfalfa sprouts just wont cut it at that hour/level of intoxication...So after seeing the pics, I had to try the turkey wrap and it did not disappoint.
Little corner store with big selection of food and drinks. The yogurt parfait was a plus. Delish with strawberry and bananas!
There are a couple of outside tables if u need to eat there, but busy street beware.I only write reviews when I feel compelled. 
I've visited Old Nelson dozens of times since they first opened. 
If I were drunk and stumbled into Old Nelson, I bet I'd think I was in some special land of half Wawa half awesome section of a grocery store with a twist of Asian influence, and I'd drop a hundie on all types of crispy tastos and drinks and not regret it in the morning - but I would think it was leprechaun power because never in my life would I have expected this place to exist for two days in a row.
First, yes, this used to be a Wawa, but a very dirty Wawa that had a really bizarre staff that treated regular and neighborhood customers like they were some kind of invisible leper. The only thing convenient about that Wawa was that you knew what it had and the location was good. I'm a die hard Wawa fan, so I expected myself to hate whatever moved into this location and drive my car through the front gate shooting missiles, despite that this was the worst Wawa Id ever frequented. 
Old Nelson moved into this location and while Old Nelson doesn't have a free ATM, ordering machines at the deli, and Wawa brand merch, they make up for it, and in my opinion surpassed the Wawa in killing power. 
The easiest way to review Old Nelson is to tell you how it's different from Wawa because that's all anyone will want to hear: 
- It's got a different name. Seriously, stop complaining that it's not Wawa - I hear people do this all the time, you don't look cool for whining about this anymore and Old Nelson is a MUCH more ridiculous name than Wawa, anyway. Get behind it.
- Where Wawa had like 20 types of chips, Old Nelson has like 50, obviously supporting newer companies in chip technology.
- Where Wawa had derelict bums working the deli and arithmetically challenged cashiers, Old Nelson has cute Asian people that smile and mean it. Who cares if there is a $5 credit card minimum? If you're complaining about that, you're the jerk. 
- Old Nelson's refrigerated drinks selection is INSANE! Small companies, imports, 20+ chilled coffees, 20+ health drinks, Aloe drinks, organics; I spend 10 minutes looking over the drinks before getting something and always find something new. Crap you've never heard of! 
- You order deli sandwiches by talking to a person WHAT!! I know, I know, make sure you did your hair today - while i prefer the neat system Wawa had, I don't have any trouble telling someone what I want. and it's not packed like a Weezer concert signing area, so you don't have to fight to get anyone's attention.  You also won't get any autographs.
- Order your sandwich, receive a ticket, use that time to pick out your drinks and snackies, pay for everything, hand in your stamped ticket and get your order. Pretty much the same as Wawa but you don't have to touch a filthy screen. 
- I don't think there is anything Wawa carried, besides hot dogs and some deli changes that Old Nelson doesn't carry. In addition Old Nelson has about 3 times the overall variety of additional packaged foods than Wawa. 
- The deli is well stocked with a full range of Boar's Head products. This amounts for the slight increase in price that some people don't seem to care for. 
- The deli food tastes better than Wawa - I had my doubts, but it's great. 
- You can get grilled paninis! WHAT!
- double the staff at all times. 
- Hoagies are larger than you'd expect. 
- same layout and tile as Wawa - try not to get lost.
- exotic health foods, snacks, and convenience items plus if you really wanted just a vitamin water and bag of Frito's, you can get that still. 
Handicapped ramp entrance and curb. 
One entrance on Chestnut St.I love that this place is literally a block away from my apartment.  I never really buy "grocery" products (product, milk, eggs, etc) but I like that the option is available.  They also have great European (cheap/grocery store) chocolate like kinder bueno (my childhood favorite!!). And the frozen yogurt machine always swirls some great flavors.  Also, I sincerely love the chicken thai salad here. It tastes really fresh and the ingredients are always plentiful. 
But I have to admit, it is always awkward to be accosted by homeless people after leaving here.If you're in Center City and are hammered and looking for food, this is the place to go.  Otherwise, it's still a good place to go.  Tons of choices of hot and cold sandwiches, decent meatball hoagie, but most importantly, they are open when you are hammered.  
They also have an alarmingly extensive and current drink selection.  They stocked the Bret Michaels x Donald Trump Rock of Love flavored Snapple the week it came out.The late night crew here rocks, they always remember my order!  This is my favorite place to go for my after work sandwich.  I'd have to say my favorite is the tuna melt. Delish!  The sandwiches here are legit.. not your crappy soggy wawa hoagie.  Fresh local ingredients and a pretty creative list to choose from.  Another plus is that they have Hikari sushi (from Northern Liberties).  And last but not least, they have these huge fruit loop rice crispy treats by the register that are divine.Old Nelson has lots of great sandwich/hoagie/wrap options and are open pretty late, if you're a night owl. (The sandwiches can be a bit pricey, but they're worth it.) I recommend the prosciutto and mozzarella sandwich. 
I love visiting for the imported snacks - Aero bars, Crunchie bars, Bueno bars. It's European chocolate heaven!
Also: CHOCO TACOS.I like to call this place "not wawa".  Actually, my whole office calls it "not wawa".  It's not wawa anymore, thankfully!  Their deli counter puts wawa to shame!  There is a huge selection of lunch meats, my fall back is usually the cajun chicken which has a great little spice.  They don't skimp on the lunch meats, lettuce and tomatoes are always fresh and the colors they are supposed to be.  Not wilted yellow and mushy red.   They use real rye bread (not that soft rye junk wawa uses) and for about $5 you can get a seriously deli worthy sandwich.
Their chip selection is like one I have never seen.  This place is more like a mini specialty grocery store, it doesn't even compare to wawa!  There are a ton of different health bar options, candy, vegan and vegetarian dishes, etc etc etc.  Seriously, this place is great, very reasonable, and seriously worthy of a quick but decent "bring it back to your desk" lunch...  Thank you not wawa, thank you.Quick sandwich, you can eat in or take out. Quality meats for deli sandwiches and hot subs. Around the corner from our hotel, a step up from other convenience store food. A decent grocery selection, too. Nothing fancy, 5 states for the category. Friendly employees.The staff is nice, the Boar's Head deli is very nice.  The store overall is small, but handy.  Prices a little high.I am an Old Nelson Faithful. I wonder if they have a facebook fanclub? I used to go there every morning when i was either done (or sometimes decidedly not done) with my side work at the restaurant I used to work at down the block. My five minute trips here are seriously the only thing i miss besides the grilled chicken wings, mac&chz and pulled pork sandwich...any guesses?
Anyway, I would enter hungover, cranky, or once in a while overly happy. i am weird. but regardless the sight of in-stock cinnamon toast crunch cereal--individual size--was the gold at the end of the rainbow. Unfortunately that gold would only materialize half the time. They run out of stuff a lot. Including the Dannon Lite N Fit Vanilla yogurt--I need this for my cereal!!! Always sad to settle with coconut or another flavor. ugh. this shit seriously irks me. I know. But it's the little things! All the checkout ladies are really nice and fast except this one new lady who is slow as hell (awful when you're trying to sneak back to work) and can never get your cigarette brand right. ugh.
anywayyyy their salads are awesome too. HUGE and made to order. And the best part is that if you get the munchies at 3:30 AM they will still be open and will STILL make you the same thing you wanted at 3:30 PM!!! what's better than that? Makes me feel like I'm back in Brooklyn  (:Like most people on here, I feel no particular need to review a place for being good (or really being horrible) unless there's something that stands out that people might want to know.
In the case of Old Nelson, I felt like most people on here. "It's not Wawa." Well, no. It's not.
I was kind of miffed when Wawa started pulling out of the city to concentrate on their Super Wawa Get Gas things (with the exception of the two stores at Penn and a small handful of others).
This is a million times better than Wawa. The inner geek in me misses the ability to order from a kiosk, and I miss the sounds of things going "Psssshhhoooooonnn!" when they are rung up. But there are a few reasons that this place is awesome and you should go there:
1) Their hoagies are way better than Wawa. It's strange. I don't think I've ever seen a person put so much care and personal attention in to each and every sandwich. They layer it, fold it carefully so that it doesn't come apart, and will make it just about any way to want it. And they taste better than Wawa, too. Fresher/higher quality ingredients help. I would put these hoagies almost up there with, say, Primo Hoagies. The last time I got a hoagie from Wawa (about 2 weeks ago), they just threw everything on a roll and sort of slammed it shut and it was really just horrible. I think this place maybe spoiled me or something.
2) The people are so nice. I had a conversation one night with the cashier about how she's from Indonesia and tries to get candy/chocolate from all around. As a Canadian, I was shocked to see Aero bars at the register. And of course I bought many of them. And ate them all. That night. Score.
3) The coffee is awesome (it really is La Colombe). And it's cheap. Cheaper than Starbucks and it tastes better. Awesome.
4) They have (as everybody pointed out) an amazing drink selection. And snack selection. 
5) Yeah. $5 minimum on the card. And I don't get any attitude about it. I'm just poor, and it's hard for me to take out less than $10 from my bank account. And usually there is less than $10 in it. So that puts me in a rough spot when I need junk food.
Ok. That's it. Go here. It's good. And they're open 24/7. And they really will make you an awesome hoagie at 3 am. I've tried.This use to be my Favorite place to get some drunk food. They were open 24/7 and after a night of crazy partying was a blessing. They decided to close by 12am this year and has made me minus 1 star. I don't blame them, who wants to deal with drunks at 3 am everyday? That being said they have one of the freshest deli sandwiches/hoagies in the city. I always order the special italian hoagie.  The hoagie itself is a 4.5 stars. Also, the place has a very distinct smell (not necessarily a bad one), just like subway restaurants have that "bread" smell. Check it out.I like that place. You would not find tastier soups around! Prices are reasonable, staff is usually friendly and helpful. Every time when the line is too long somebody would come and open a second register. 
Its relatively clean and organized.
 The only thing that i don't like and that is the reason I gave the place four stars is that they use a microwave oven to reheat soups sometimes. It kills all nutrients if you know!!!!This is a great deli. They always make the most delicious sandwiches. I love visiting Philly and stoping here to get food for the train or bus ride back. I am really happy they opened up a shop in 30th Street Station. Their sandwiches are affordable and have fresh ingredients. I love the turkey club with the crispy bacon, crunchy lettuce, and tons of toppings. They do sandwiches right.