I've gone here quite a few times and the food has never disappointed. For being a chain restaurant I'd say this Olive Garden is one of best in Philadelphia for sure. 
Every once in a while, or never for some people, there may be an inexperienced waitress/waiter which causes problems but it's only happened twice when I came here.Hostess are strict ,not polite at all.Food is fine and our server was good, i made reservation ,but when i get there,i waited 20 min my tableNot worth it.  Food took over 1 1/2 hrs for basic meals.   Was given 2 breadsticks for a table of 5 and many other things that felt way too comical to even be real.    This place has been going down hill over the years and it's finally hit bottom.This place can be hit or miss. Sometimes, the service and atmosphere are good. A lot of it depends on where you're sat, I think. There are a couple small alcoves where it is quite nice. However, there have been a couple times over the past year when I and my wife had been sat near families with young children and general craziness. And, often, the service lacks at those times. 
Generally the food is pretty good and is consistent; it's the Olive Garden, they are obviously following a strict recipe. For my money, there are better local Italian restaurants.This use to be one of my favorite places until my last visit with my family. For one the waitress was rude and very slow with bringing out orders and drinks. When she brought the food out it was cold and gross. We asked if she could bring us different food since it was cold she rolled her eyes and walked to the back. We asked to see a manager but she said there wasn't one on site. This is embarrassing for your restaurant I wouldn't refer it to any friends.It's an Olive Garden. Except the breadsticks were subpar (which defeats the whole point of going to an Olive Garden) and the service is good but slow. They apologized by giving extra breadsticks but I don't think it counts if they are subpar.I've been there yesterday, It was Awesome and REAL Italian food, love the stuff they were so helpful and funny .. I ordered Chicken Alfredo, meatballs, caesar salad and mozzarella sticks  .. All of them are perfectOne of our favorite places to eat! We always ask for Katherine as she is the BEST! She is so pleasant and attentive. Our meals are always fresh and hot. It's also clean, which is very important to us. Definitely worth trying!This is pretty decent, I have no complaints about the food it's always great, I just always felt like anytime I come here I'm always waiting a long time no matter the time....staff was very friendly.I absolutely love this restaurant. I'm genuinely surprised with some of the negative comments. I've never had a bad experience. The food has always been excellent and the wait staff has always been nice and attentive. My only complaint is that depending on when you go the wait can be long. As far as I'm concerned it's well worth it. The tour of Italy is usually my go to. It's delicious and I also love their flavor ice teas. I've also ordered many pick ups from here and everything was always on point. I would recommend it to anyone and will be going back myself.Came here with my mom, siblings, and grandpop at my sister's willing after visiting my grandmother at Washington Crossing Cemetery this afternoon.
We arrived around 4:30 and there was an about 20 minute wait as they were quite busy. This was my first time stepping foot in any of their spots after a horrible experience about 4 years ago now at their now-closed Center City location. This is one was a tad more pleasant, though, they still seem to have issues at their chains. 
We were seated within the promised time-frame and the food (2 samplers, spicy Calabrian Chicken, chicken parm, Tour of Italy, Chicken Sorrento, and stuffed Chicken Marsala plus the usual salad & breadsticks) was the expected quality. 
The issue came with our server. We didn't have silverware for our salad for quite a few minutes, drinks took longer than they should, and he just kind of seemed like a jerk. He even took the little tablet from our table inexplicably. 
All of those plus beers and soft drinks came to about $150+tip (my pop almost didn't, but, was convinced otherwise by my mom).
I wouldn't mind stopping by if I had to, but, I'd probably actually pick the nearby Applebee's as my first choice if I didn't absolutely want Italian food in a pinch.This is my first time at this location it was not as bad as I thought from the other reviews.
Service: a bit slow during peak hours but the server was attentive and friendly. 
Atmosphere: cozy and pretty interior.
Hygiene: clean
Food: the unlimited breadstick is always good however, try not to eat a lot before your entrees ;) I got the roasemary garlic chicken. This came with a small portion of mashed potato and spinach. The chicken was cooked to perfection: juicy, soft and flavorful. The mashed potato was very creamy and rich. For the soup, I got the zuppas tocasnas which included spicy meat, potato, kale and in a light cream broth. This soup has always been my go-to choice at Olive Garden. The portion was decent and I enjoyed my meal here. I will be back in the future :)The food is chain restaurant food, its good for a quick bite to eat and is the same at every location. This particular location on the boulevard was (in my opinion) absolutely dirty. I am by no means a neat freak by any stretch, but the seats and floor were atrocious. The back cushions on the chairs were almost black with filth. I think the place is just completely dated and is in desperate need of an overhaul. I honestly don't believe the cause is lack of cleaning, it's just an old location.
At the very least, they should invest in some new carpets, tables, and chairs!Went here Thursday, 10/27/16. Liked the improvements done at the restaurant. The bar / terrace area looks very nice. The restaurant looks great updated. Too bad they didn't include the bathrooms in the overhaul. We had the never ending pasta bowl. Meat sauce and Alfredo sauce very good. Had the meaty, sausage and grilled chicken ... All very delicious . The Rosacato wine was excellent. The zepolli's were tasty and irresistible. Couldn't stop eating them . Rachel our server was very helpful and knowledgeable about the menu . We hope she is our server next visit.Only one I come too. I dont like one downtown. Their food isn't good & I've even had it burnt thereFood usually the same at these places, but this one has the worst staff. Waitress comes out with her thumb in my food!
Tell her i didnt want it, she said i orderdd it and walked away. Told manager, they said i coud order something else, which i did, and took an hour for tbe second irder to come out...they werent busy, almost think tgey did it on purpose. Then, at end, tried to charge me for bith dinners! Wont be returning here*Pssssssst!*  I go to Olive Garden almost regularly.  *SHHHHHHH!!!!*
Standard, chain restaurant, a couple steps above fast food.  If you're going to spend money to go to Olive Garden, you may as well go to a non-chain, more authentic Italian spot.  Right?
But there's just something about the Olive Garden.  It's like dining in your Aunt Connie's house.  The wall paper is slightly yellow with age and the furniture is worn from the years of family gatherings.  Decorations are glass jars filled with olive-oil-soaked red peppers, wine bottles and plastic plants.  But every family gathering is there because she's the best cook in the family.  You find yourself dreaming of her chicken & gnocchi soup and lasagne rollata al forno.  And it's not that it's the best *tasting* italian cuisine.  There's just something about it, though however much you ponder, you can't put your finger on it and that baffles you. 
Similarly, I get cravings for the OG.  My favorite order is the soup & salad special with the chicken gnocci soup.  I swear, there must be crack-garlic-salt in there, because once I get my craving for it, nothing else can relieve that pain.  I've tried making it.  I've tried other soups.  Not only have they gotten the gnocchi-chicken ratio down, they flavors of the broth is saliva-inducing.  I'll say the same about that salad.  It's SALAD, for goodness sake!  Green leaves, onions, olives, tomatoes, peppercinis and croutons with a vinaigrette.  Sometimes they douse the veggies in the dressing, which I usually hate.  But at the OG, it's still saliva-inducing.  And the garlic bread?  Again, it's not something you'd usually find appetizing.  But rip a piece of that and clean the soup bowl before they snatch it away!  You'll fall into your food coma with a smile on your face.  And that stuffed rigatoni with sauteed chicken - again - surprisingly, plate-licking good.
It's quite an oxymoron of fine dining.  But yet you find yourself loving it.No matter which Olive Garden I go the food is the same. The only reason I would come here is for the unlimited breadsticks, salad and soup combo because it's the best thing they have in my opinion. Ooops I forgot that they do have a good dessert item...Dolcini (6 different types of flavor/dessert on a shot glass)Sitting eating dinner at rosevelt blvd location in Philadelphia pa gnats flying around my head while eating diner no manager to be found anywhereStopped here for dinner with my family.  Nice atmosphere great service and the food tonight was excellent. I would recommend coming here for dinner with your family.I haven't gone to this Olive Garden for a few years since the environment changed and people began showing up to the restaurant with pajamas. Yesterday I went and I was really impressed with the waiter, TJ. My waitress was busy and my sister and I weren't approached by her for about ten minutes of being seated. TJ noticed we weren't waited on yet and came to give us our drinks and put our appetizer in so we didn't have to wait any longer. He didn't have to do that since we weren't his table, but his professionalism and care for customers definitely showed. Food was very good also. Thanks Olive Garden and thank you TJ!Our experience was extremely frustrating. We were not waited on for 15 minutes into us being seated. The first thing we ordered when we were seated was for a glass and a half of moscato. Our 3 person party ordered drinks and an appetizer. When the server returned 15 minutes later with our drinks, I was surprised to see that there was not a glass of wine on her tray. I figured she forgot and reminded her. She said would get it and came back with no wine when she brought the breadsticks. I asked yet AGAIN and she asked me what I ordered. Our food then didn't even come out for another hour and it was cold. When we expressed our frustration she responded that if we came on any other night than Sunday it wouldn't have been so bad. I didn't realize there were days customers weren't supposed to come eat. Never going back.This is the worst location in Philadelphia !!!!! the location on city avenue or chestnut is much better !!! My food was 45 minutes late, the shrimp was cold, and my waiter was rude... can you say NO TIP lolThe first impression when we got there: smells like old dirty carpet. First I thought it was just in the waiting hall but it remained even when we were seated. Although the food was great, the smell killed my appetite. Also, the drink menu was all sticky and disgusting. Sangria felt like it was mix of ice and syrup only. I must say, the staff was fantastic - very thoughtful, kind and helpful!!It's olive garden...always reliable for tasty breadsticks and apps. My friend/coworker came in here for lunch during work and we only had an hour. We got soup, salad, and breadsticks and made it back to work in time. Over all fairly satisfied. Its not the best Italian food you'll ever eat but its pretty decent for a chain restaurant. Ill be back here for sure.I've gone to Olive Garden a few times and i personally love it... I mean don't expect beautiful plating or high end food, but it was good. I loved their Strawberry Daquiri! It was great!! Its not good for groups though because they don't take reservations anymore.I have eaten here before and know what to expect but when you elderly parents insist because they have coupons. You bite the bullet. The service was slow but if wanted microwaved dinner I would have stayed home.Olive Garden is a place where I will only go when I have out of country visitors who don't want to experiment with food. Bummed when I found out that the one in center city had closed, I made the 30 min drive to this one. Looks like they only had a few tables open at 3 pm on Saturday afternoon which resulted in an almost 30 mins wait. 
We were given some house moscato for tasting when we got there. The moscato was pretty good. We ordered mango martinis, zucchini bites and a veg pasta. Martinis were good, zucchini bites were like any other mozzarella bites and the pasta was just average. The bread sticks and salad were ofcourse the highlights of the meal. 
All in all I'd say that love it or hate it, we all keep going back to Olive Garden for some fatten me up comfort food.Always get the chicken parm here. The only thing I really like. The staff are aways great. Soup is ok. My friend loves the creamy chicken  gnocchi soup. I usually get the minestrone. Salad is ok too.   Like the complimentary 1/2 glass of wine. Nice touch.   Will be back when in the mood for the chicken parmI've been here like 7x. It's just your typical Olive Garden. The food is good and the waiters are friendly.This place was great. I anticipated it all day for some reason and for a chain I'm impressed. The good is good and the wine selection is even better. I had two glasses of roscato red wine. It's sweeter than most and very good. We ordered an appetizer which was also very good. It was a mozzarella cheese dip of sort and fresh bread came with it to smear the cheese on it. Tastes amazing. I ordered a steak which was cooked the way I liked and my friend ordered a chicken dish which she enjoyed as well. The only thing I have to say wasn't perfect was the soup that came with out entrees. It was not hot and got cold very quickly. It didn't bother me too much considering all the other food we had. To top it all of we split a chocolate mousse cake and again it was amazing. 
  The service was prompt and friendly.It's been a couple of years since I've been here and all I have to say is that it has changed. I know Olive Garden is not a five-star restaurant but the quality of food has definitely taken a turn for the worse. Theee different servers dropped glasses and dishes. I guess you get what you pay for but this place was definitely not like this several years ago. I'm not saying I will never return but I probably will just come for a quick drink and that's it.This is usually the Olive Garden I come to all the time but the last 2 times have been a problem!!
Today I came to dinner with my daughter and they placed us in an area where it smelled like straight up ass and under arms!!! The waitress seemed nice but kept forgetting to bring us stuff. She brought out the food with no utensils, the appetizers with no plates!!! The utensils were dirty and the cloth napkins had grease on them... I couldn't even eat had to take the food to go because it smelled so bad we left!!!!Updated review:
Since expressing my concerns about our bad experience at Olive Garden, I spoke to the manager and he was able to rectify the situation. I've gone there once more with my husband to give it another try and I'm happy to say it was a more positive experience. The food was great and the customer service exceeded our expectations. I'm really glad they cared enough to resolve the issue and I'll be coming back here with my family for sure!
Original review:
It's now been an hour and 15 mins since we got here. Parties (same size) were coming in after us and got seated before us. We sat for an hour in the waiting room and now 15 mins without anything not even drinks or at least breadsticks on our table. The hostess at the front was absolutely rude/nasty. Not an ounce of professionalism. I complained to the manager and then my mom did the same, we barely got a response. It's like we're being disregarded. This started off a great day with my sister's recital only to have it ruined by this terrible customer service. We have 3 kids with us who are hungry and we have no idea how long it'll take to get our food. I don't recommend this location to anyone!!!Atmosphere:
Extremely clean and beautiful.
Service:
Horrible, from the moment I walked in, there was 8 people able to direct me to where TAKE OUT WAS... (Crickets) no one did...
I took it upon myself to ask the lady, "Excuse me, Where is take out?" She points to the back and lets me know its there. 
Once I am in the back, I get there at 11:00am. There was 3 people standing behind the bar, NO one asks me anything. I am literally standing there, ONLY person, no one asks is there anything I can help you with?
Someone decides to take my order at 11:06. OKAY! GREAT I was finally happy.. MY FOOD IS ON THE WAY WOOHOO!!! 11:10 rolls by, 11:15am rolls by, 11:25am rolls by ... I AM HUNGRY, STARVING... I just out of a DENTIST office for GOD SAKES. Lets just say I GOT MY ORDER AT 11:38am.. ONCE AGAIN all due to me asking the lady up front' " Hey, Ive been waiting on my order since 30m ago, Do you know when it will be done?". You figured at this point I could've sat down and ate my food, RIGHT? 
FOOD:
Was great, I got chicken scampi 
Moral to the review... I don't think I would grab take out again from here. FYI to anyone reading, I saw on my take out bag that you can order on ogtogo.com in advance which I did not know BUT figured I pass the good news overGreat drinks and salad.. waiting staff is friendly, patient and knowledgeable of menu. Food is ok.. could be better. Paying is nice and easy with the machine on the tableThe food was good but Kevin (the front of house manager) has to go! He said it's at the wrong table or issue orders to, he talked up sales in front of customers myself and my family to new service, on the floor, and he seemed very controlling. He was totally insincere while apologizing for bringing us to the wrong table.
However, our server was the bomb! Sincere, great suggestive selling, and her delivery was that out of regular conversation so she was very social. She was a little bit weeded but we understand because we are familiar with the restaurant industry. We got there right before the rush so the wait wasn't that big of a deal. Also, the food was amazing! Our server started out with a sampling of Moscato that my mother-in-law and wife loved.
I might return for the server and food, but Kevin must go!I went with my family on Saturday at 3:00 pm. We were told the wait would be 20 minutes. You could sit at the bar but not the high top tables or booths because they didn't have a server assigned to them. The lobby was crowded. 35 minutes later our buzzer went off. Almost double the amount of time we were told. As we walked through the restaurant we noticed it wasn't even 1/2 full. After being seated we waited 10 minutes. Our server never came to our table. We didn't even receive a glass of water. We got up and left. There was absolutely no reason for a restaurant not even half filled to make people wait like that. If you are short staffed because you didn't assign enough people or people called out then the manager needs to start serving people.I'm writing  this review from inside the restaurant. It's that bad that I couldn't wait and the service was that slow. We arrive with reservations and still had to wait for 20m. Them we were seated and wait another 10 for the waiter to arrive. We gave her our full order and she got us our waters and nothing else 10m later.  All in all our visit cost us 3hrs 1 of which was spent eatingWas never at a olive garden friends kept telling me to try it. Well first the good.Waitress was nice. That's it for the good. Unfortunately  some of worse chicken I ever had. Very rubbery could not finish it. Wife said the same of her salmon. Hey but the salads was good as everyone kept telling me. I'm not here for a salad.
Waitress offered to replace it.  Even though I was hungry had to pass. Plus while we waited to be seated I noticed a few  of the wait staff sitting in there cars in some of the closest parking spots. Ugh this place is the walmart of italian food.I stopped here with my family as a treat for dinner. I'm really sorry that I did. The service was substandard. The waitress was very pleasant and had a great smile but was very inattentive to our table. We were seated by the hostess and it took 15 minutes by the clock for the waitress to even realize that we were her table. This probably was not her fault; however, it still goes toward poor service. She apologized for the long wait and asked for our drink order. We also gave her our dinner order at the same time since we had plenty of time to review the menu and make a decision. She returned several minutes later with our drinks except there was an error and one of them was wrong. She apologized for the mistake and said she would fix that right away. She left and returned several minutes later with breadsticks and a salad and then still had to return with the drink. I find this a little annoying. We just started our salads and dinner was brought right out. It was served entirely too soon but we just pushed it aside while we finished our salads. The food was mediocre at best. It was cool to slightly warm definitely not hot like it should be. The waitress had asked us if we wanted a sample of the dipping sauces they now serve, so we said yes. She brought one, but then proceeded to charge $3.49 for this sample which really annoyed me. If you use the word sample then the item should be free. I definitely didn't need to pay $3.49 for a tiny bowl of cold pasta sauce. She never returned to the table to see if we needed another drink or refills on breadsticks or anything else for that matter.   Eventually she came with the check and thanked us for dining. I'm not sure what tables she was waiting on because she wasn't handling any tables in our section. The food was meh, served cool to a hint of warm and no service in between.  If I were using this visit is to evaluate every Olive Garden, I wouldn't bother to ever return again. After I paid the bill and we went to the ladies room, the bathroom needed major attention. Toilets overflowing and the paper towel dispenser was not working properly. When I told the hostess that the restroom needed attention her facial expression basically implied she couldn't care less.  The ice grilling she sent my way was inappropriate. So overall, this was just a poor experience. And while I don't really care about the Andes candies that they serve at the end of the meal, when three people are dining, don't leave five candies on the table. Leave three or six but definitely not five.   It may sound petty but considering the poor service, mediocre food and bathroom scenario, the candy treat at the end was even substandard.This place can really be off sometimes, from the service to the food. We've had really long waits, where we were there for over 2 hours after being seated. Also, recently the food has been barely average, with off flavors, not cooked through or just not very enjoyable meals, not sure if it's all of Olive Gardens or just here. Most likely this was the last visit here, as it seems to be getting worse every time we come.Went here yesterday I love how the new look is but they gave me a waitress that was high and kept getting our orders wrong not impress what's up Olive Garden get your act together she give us really badly burnt bread sticks brought a salad when we never asked for it overall experience horrible you need to get rid of that girl she is not good for your business especially when coming to work high looking like she is on heroin very upset especially when my child asses me what is wrong with the lady FYI my son is 5 not happy at all with all of garden thinking about not returningI went with my family on Saturday at 3:00 pm. We were told the wait would be 20 minutes. You could sit at the bar but not the high top tables or booths because they didn't have a server assigned to them. The lobby was crowded. 35 minutes later our buzzer went off. Almost double the amount of time we were told. As we walked through the restaurant we noticed it wasn't even 1/2 full. After being seated we waited 10 minutes. Our server never came to our table. We didn't even receive a glass of water. We got up and left. There was absolutely no reason for a restaurant not even half filled to make people wait like that. If you are short staffed because you didn't assign enough people or people called out then the manager needs to start serving people. 
We thought we'd get be this place a second chance. We were looking forward bet our menus when my husband saw a roach on the wall just behind my daughter's head. We jumped up and left the restaurant. On our way out we informed the hostess why we were leaving. No more chances. Not going here ever again.I'm not even going to go into a lengthy review. There is no point. I was given TWO gift cards to this joint for the holidays, which was the only reason why I went. The food is terrible. The only thing I enjoyed was the salad. My string beans were cold and bland. My fish tasted like polluted Philly air. End of story. My waitress was super sweet, attentive, and quick. I tipped her well on account of the crappy food isn't her fault. 
Happy New Year!Denise the waitress is the best.i She is excellent and the food was great! I usually go there and I'm still in work mode. She says, enjoy your food.  Relax, and pace yourself. She makes great recommendations,  and  she knows the products. I ask for her, and if she's not there, I may reschedule.It's true that this place can be a hit or miss, I'd say mostly with waitstaff or long wait times not so much with the food. But I have to say yesterday early evening my boyfriend and I had probably one of the best dining experiences in awhile. Tammy was our waitress and honestly one of the best waitresses I've ever had, she went above and beyond. If you go to this location ask for Tammy!I am a frequent flyer of the Olive Garden Restaurant. I just love their unlimited salad and breadsticks (especially when the breadsticks have alot of garlic on them). If you are not into salads then you can have unlimited soup and breadsticks instead with your meal. I also enjoy their Black Tie Mousse Cake for dessert. But if you are not sure, then they have an option where you can choose three different desserts (small size) so you get a taste of different ones.I like the device and I love the food this is my second favorite restaurant next to the Cheesecake Factory.Love Olive Garden! My go to is the fettucini alfredo. Staff is always great. I love the breadsticks! They have to be my favorite.Food was good, service was good. I had the spicy shrimp dish. It was spicy enough where you could still enjoy it. Dining partner had the eggplant parm. Salad and breadsticks were good as I remembered them. I like that the calorie count is on the dessert menu. Saved myself some calories! Our waitress was nice, but we sad near the kitchen and saw the bus boy acting like a doofus, throwing ice at his co-workers and into a wall fixture of a lions head. What an idiot.I slipped in a large trail of throw up and hit my shin on the door step of my car. If I didn't then I would have fell in it. It went from the door to the driveway about 20feet and two feet wide. Dark out couldn't see my  hand in front of me. Where's the lights and parking lot attended. I then tracked it in my car and needless to say I'm feeling sick from it. It was the worst experience ever at a restaurant. I'd rather have had cold food or wrong food. They did forget a couple of items. I had to wait for that. It really is sad. I can't even breathe at my job without getting hounded by some huckster. These employees could careless about customers. You can see it in their eyes. No eye contact and very plain. No personality. Your in the food business and take no pride in your job or facility. I would change management get rid of the people who lack interest. I only wish it was you the manager who fell in that throw up. She could careless.Ordered take out and got the stuffed mushrooms and chicken scampi. The mushroom were undercooked and awful. They made me kinda sick and we were unable to eat them. The scampi was ok but barely any chicken and mostly pasta. It was ok but I've been disappointed latelyService was horrible waiter could not get my order correct had to wait for him a while to bring out correct mealOften a very long wait, but still great food and good prices. I came here with my granddaughter for her middle school graduation last month and we had a great meal. The breadsticks are always served warm and fresh.I've eaten here multiple times for a while now and so thought I'd leave a review. First off I'll say that there's nothing spectacular about the decor or the ambiance of this particular Olive Garden. It's a chain restaurant after all, so they all look the same. Why I'm giving this restaurant 5 stars is that time after time after time that I've come here, I always get great customer service, and I leave full and happy. You just can't go wrong with that. It also helps that their food is delicious! Now I'm not an Italian food snob and I'm certainly not Italian by a long shot so I couldn't tell you what authentic Italian food taste like. All I know is that I love the chicken marsala and I get it here every single time and every single time it's amazing. I'll also mention that their drinks are usually very well mixed and you get your money's worth for both food and drink. It's in a safe part of town, There's a parking lot so no issues there. Overall as far as chain restaurants go: love it!I like this place. good food, friendly waitress, plenty place to park.  long waiting though, so better get here before 4:30pm.This place is the pits - both eat in and take out. Especially disappointed with the last several take out experiences. They moved take out from the bar area to near the front door. The food sits there is a basket getting colder and colder (especially now in the winter, every time the door opens) until they pack it in a carry bag in front of you. Last night's meal was horrendous. Soup was cold, as was the pasta with vodka sauce (there was barely any sauce; it was about 50 cents worth of pasta with a little sauce, cold as ice); chicken piccata was overcooked so badly it was actually blackened and tough, as was the zucchini which accompanied it (I couldn't believe they actually sent it out, instead of throwing it in the garbage and starting over.) Learned my lesson this time; I am done with Olive Garden Roosevelt Blvd.  Read all of the negative reviews on here and take your business elsewhere.Food flavor and variety is great. Staff is friendly. To go is quick but not the same amount of food compared to dining in. Alfredo sauce is phenomenal but the cook never puts enough on. Zupa Toscano is awesome but servers always skimp on the hearty parts and bring mostly juice. There needs to be at least one chair with no side arms at every table.Tony was a fantastic waiter. One thing you can count on at Olive Garden is consistency unlike some other chains where there's a new chef every week and everything comes out wrong (Chili's). Their pricing is also great for a reasonable night out to dinner. 
I'm leaving this review bcuz Tony deserves recognition. He was perfectly attentive to our needs but he also started to take care of a couple who was across from us but not in his section who had been sitting for 15 minutes without their waiter coming over. He greeted them appropriately and explained that he'd get them started and find their waiter for them. He handled their meal start to finish and turned a very bad situation in terms of customer service into happy customers by the end of the meal. He went above and beyond to make sure they were happy. Hats off Tony! 
We dined here the week before last.Not worth it.  Food took over 1 1/2hrs for basic meals.   Was given 2 breadsticks for a table of 5 and many other things that felt way too comical to be real.Olive garden has done a great job with their recent renovations and their menu changes. I've always liked Olive Garden and have enjoyed there new menu options. The lighter and calorie friendly options are great for when you want to eat out but still be healthy. This location is great too. Staff is very friendly and there's hardly ever a wait. While I know it's not your typical Italian fare, I so enjoy it for an Italian night out.I LOVE OG! Food is always good and the servers are always down-to-earth people!Garbage! I seriously don't understand how people can still go here and enjoy a meal. I haven't been there in years and when I finally go back it's even worse than before. Never going back there again. The salad was good but it was a damn salad, who can eff up a salad lol. I don't know what the hype is about the breadsticks. The pasta I ordered was stuck together and the sauce watery. I ordered a white sauce and hubby ordered a red sauce pasta with shrimp. I took a bite out of his and idk how even even managed to eat half, the sauce was watery and tasteless and the amount of meat they put into the dish is a rip off. Will never be going back. It was a waste of time and money.Don't leave any of your belongings on the table. By the time you walk to the door & turn back around to the table to retrieve them - they're gone without anyone seeing anything.They desperately need to clean that place. It smells and is VERY dusty. The food tasted fine but it was unsettling.Olive Garden is a decent standby for when you want some reliable Italian food.  Good stuff, but not spectacular, although I do heart the Ravioli di Portobello.  So why the four stars?  I want to give some love to the staff that helped me out last night.  I had ordered some takeout for a birthday dinner for my husband and our parents.  To make a long story short, it came out VERY late, and I was getting upset as I had people waiting at my house - and did I mention it was my husband's birthday?  The manager, Chad, came out and explained what had gone wrong to me, and gave me some options to fix the order.  Unfortunately, the order that had gone wrong was the birthday boy's, so I had to wait for them to make a new one.  Needless to say, I was pretty unhappy at this point.  Everything finally came out perfectly, and Chad comped the entire meal for us, in addition to giving us a gift certificate to say "happy birthday" to my husband.  He absolutely turned a terrible experience upside down for me and I left a happy customer.  Our meals were all still hot and perfectly prepared (and yummy!) I also want to send much love to the sympathetic waitstaff behind the bar.  I was kept constantly updated, and they sent for a manager before I had to ask for one.  I will definitely be returning.I love this place! Me and my friends always come here, the bread sticks are to die for and so is the Alfredo! The wine samples are always nice too haha the chocolate moose cake is bangin! Love that stuffThe hostesses told us it'd be a 15 minute wait. We waited for 40 minutes and then went to Friendly's. Never a huge fan of this OG location...Been here plenty of times, I have to say like 4-5 years ago, the food service was great!  And since then it's gotten worse and worse, food is mehh...service is poor, last time I went for my wife's b day we were not even asked if we wanted dessert or not.I know its late and the waiters must be tired but our waiter over did it. We (2) sat down and about 5 mins later 3 ppl sat down in the booth across from us. Well they had their drinks before we even ordered ours. We got the wrong drink for my mom, no straw, she disappeared for a while. Then when my food came she didn't even ask if I wanted cheese. No smiling. I work in customer service and no matter how tired I am I make sure to provide a great service. That booth I mentioned had a great waiter who constantly checking on them.  Food was okay. Salad was a bit dry. The lasagna fritta seemed that it was not fresh. My mom's lemonade was super watery.3 stars...Olive Garden that could've been us, if the service was even mediocre. I was in a particularly great mood before we got there Friday night. My bridesmaids and I planned to have dinner after checking out their dresses (they looked gorgeous btw but I digress). The waitress wasn't very friendly and seemed annoyed at our party of six when we asked to split the check three ways. She was also annoyed when I asked for just an appetizer of fried mozzarella "you have to choose two," she stated. Ironically, after following her command and choosing two, only the fried mozzarella came out and she had to go get the chicken fingers *sigh.* Even the food gods were letting the waitress know she wasn't right. By entree time, four people in our party received their food. Half hour later, when those ladies were finished eating, the other two plates (mine included) were delivered with a lackluster "thanks for your patience." That's it, no apologies, explanations or manager visit. I didn't feel like destroying my emotional high and asking for a manager and just asked for a to-go box. Add insult to injury, my change was supposed to be $5.19 and she brought back $5.00. "Oh you're just gonna keep my $0.19 huh, huh?!" *in my Kevin Hart voice* After the waitress disappeared, we had to ask another server for bags for our to-go boxes. If you read my reviews, you know I'm definitely not a chain restaurant snob. In fact I'm probably on my way to being the duchess of Red Lobster any day now lol but after this experience, I'm far less than a fan of Olive Garden.I ordered the fettuccini Alfredo and rigatoni with meat sauce. Reasonable prices and cake out very hot and delicious. Waitstaff was very helpful and on point with the service. Ordered the donuts with chocolate sauce. The donuts came out hot and moist. It was like an organs in your mouth of flavor. The best donuts I've eaten from a restaurant before.I walked in... The 2 female hosts looked at each other and didn't say nothing to me with me standing right in front of them. The worst employees to have as hosts on a Saturday night. As I'm waiting I'm watching these little girls greet everyone else walking in. Maybe I'm that good looking.... Little girls and their attitudes... LolI actually used to work at this particular Olive Garden as a waitress a few years ago. I can definitely attest to the fact that they are very strict about keeping everything clean, in both the kitchen and on the dining floor. The management staff is great and the servers/hostesses are always friendly. 
Even though Olive Garden is a fast food version of authentic Italian food, it is still delicious nonetheless. I eat here all the time, and the minor issues I may have had with food delivery are nothing compared to the number of times I've had great service and great food. 
I absolutely love the Sicilian Scampi & the Spinach Artichoke Dip for appetizers. I am disheartened at the fact that they removed my two favorite dishes from the menu, Tuscan Garlic Chicken & Chicken Vino Bianco, but they have many great items to choose from.I've never had a negative experience here, but today I have to say I had the BEST waitress (her name is Jasmine)!
She was very polite, friendly, and always smiling. She taught us how to use the electronic table machine and was very patient with our complicated order.
The food was delicious as always, and the new pumpkin cheesecake was to die for! This was easily my best experience at any Olive Garden. If possible I will request jasmine when we go next!Another one of my go-to casual restaurants when it comes to Italian. The food and service was good. We came for the never ending pasta and couldn't even get past the first plate. Those damn endless breadsticks I tell ya.... they get me every time!I'm not sure what has happened but OG has really gone down hill. The food is very bland, shrimp are the same you can purchase from Walmart, salad is swimming in salad dressing and very salty, and the bread sticks are rock hard and rolled in salt. There is nothing good about OG anymore. The food quality is in the toilet. We won't be patronizing any of their establishments ever again.Long wait but once seated everything just flows.  There's not much excellent but unlimited bread sticks and salad/ soup is just what you need sometimes.  We never live it but come back often enough.  Servers are very courteous and swift, they work hard.I never eat at Olive Garden but we had a gift card.  First of all for "Italian-American" Food it was shockingly good.  I had chicken parm and for dessert tiramisu - both were really yummy.  BUT the best part of the meal was our FABULOUS server - Rachel.  I find in NE philly you seldom get great or even good service but she was funny, friendly, fast and efficient.  I'd ask to sit in her section for a great experience.Besides having a giftcard to go, I probably would not have gone. It's mediocre at best. I really think they need to revamp their menu period, keeping the salad. I left thinking why did I come here again?! Oh that's right I had a giftcard. My server was great though. It was really busy and she maneuvered well. The kitchen was slow though and the manager was addressed many a complaints.Olive Garden is Olive Garden no matter where you go, but I gave this particular location an extra start because is a bit more upscale than your average Olive Garden that you might find in or near a strip mall.  There was a bit of a wait when I arrived with my family (there were 4 of us) but it wasn't too bad--we hung around for about 20 minutes to a half an hour at the most.  More importantly, the food wasn't so bad either--better than I had remembered it being at any other Olive Garden location.  For those of you dessert lovers, the dessert menu is so irresistably tempting but somehow I managed to curb my cravings, as difficult as it may have been!Worst Olive Garden of them all. Me and my boyfriend would always come to Olive Garden and lately we would drive the extra miles to Cherry hill or KOP because its THAT BAD. For the first time in months we decided to give it one last try, and trust me it was our last. Waited at least 20 minutes for our waiter to serve us and of course they were out of my favorite chicken and gnocchi soup and then when I ordered the 3 course meal for $12.95, there were no more desserts! I can't express how disappointed I was in the service and quality of the food. Then when we ordered adult beverages, we didn't receive them until after our entree and it was completely watered down. The server said "My bad, I thought the bartender was bringing your drinks". Since when does that ever happen at a restaurant unless you are sitting AT the bar. For now on, the extra miles will be worth it. Never coming here again, Olive Garden has let me down once again.The service was horrible.  Took them over 20 minutes to make my drink.  Salad and bread sticks didn't come out together.  We had to ask several waiters and the manager for my drink.  Waiter had to ask several times what we ordered.  Had a little chat with the manager.  Luckily they credited our meals.  Still left a tip for the waiter.  I told my wife I don't blame the waiter, I blame the company and it's staff for not training him properly.The food is good but service sucks. Staying in the city, my husband and I used to go here often but stopped going now due to the terrible service. Long waiting time, unfriendly servers and you will feel unwelcomed here.why all the bad reviews? I was in philly for the weekend and decided to come here for some Italian and everything was awesome
I LOVE their unlimited salad and bread sticks! The salad was fresh and yummy and has all the essentials like olives, tomatoes, onions, crouton, etc. the dressing was delicious too. The bread sticks were served warm and buttery! just the way they should be. 
We had the spinach with artichoke dip and it was very cheesy and good
for entree, I had the chicken scampi, it was YUMMY! It was served in this breaded baked chicken breasts over the pasta with this creamy white sauce. Very delicious.  
I also tried their spaghetti with meat sauce and it was yummy as well. 
Service was friendly and fast, and ambiance was ok. 
Would definitely come back if I was in philly again!My sister influenced me in loving Italian food. Although I'm only acquainted with the taste of Italy, this restaurant did not meet to my standards
 Lets start off with service and environment. Before I came to Olive Garden, I looked through the reviews, seeing that it has a very low rating - especially on service. So then, to beat the rush hour, I came to the restaurant before 3 O clock with a date. The servers were friendly, and checked on my table here and there. It wasn't busy, it was very calm. Lights were dim to create a good atmosphere. Place wasn't dirty, looked formal.
 I ordered a Shrimp and Scallop Alfredo, with an appetizer of Bruschetta. Later we got the standard appetizer, salad with Italian dressing and breadsticks. I didn't really eat the breadsticks so I had no idea how it tasted. But the salads were fresh and delicious. The bruschetta was toasted perfectly. I sort of expected that the topping would already be on the bread, but we had to do it ourselves, no biggy though - tasted fine. After we were finished with the appetizer, we were already half full. Then the server served us our main course. The main cource was poorly cooked. The fettuccine wasn't warm, wasn't even boiled enough for me to bite. The sauce tasted OKAY, the scallops and shrimp were very small as well (which could explain why the course was only 11 bucks). 
 I wouldn't recommend anybody to come here for Italian food, there are much more better restaurants out there (mainly private small ones) for groups and couples to dine at.I've been to several Olive Gardens and have had a pleasant experience at pretty much all of them, with the exception of this one. I'm not looking for some gourmet dining experience - just a little hint of love in a pasta bowl. 
The service at this location was pretty good. Our waiter was nice, though occasionally he'd disappear for 10-15 minutes. Also, we sat outside, which I will probably never do on this tiny street again (too many creepy passersby way too close to me while I'm eating). 
We ordered the appetizer trio with sausage ravioli, fried mozzarella, and fried calamari. It was just okay - the ravioli were interesting, but a little overcooked. For entrees, we split the Seafood Portafino and the Capellini di Mare. I may be a bit of a pasta snob, but I like all the pasta in the bowl to be exactly the same. In both dishes, there was an assortment of pieces of different kinds of pasta, which was weird and unappealing to me. The capellini looked like it had be broken in half before it was cooked, so many of the pieces were "mis-sized" (if you want to call it that). For the flavoring, the capellini di mare was definitely my favorite and had a little bit of heat; the portafino was really, really dry and definitely needed more sauce. All of the fish tasted fresh and neither of us ended up with food poisoning, which was awesome. 
All in all, I would probably not go back to this particular location. The ambiance was lacking and the food was not the best.service was great, food was not. The pastas (chicken cacciatori and chicken parm), Chicken Marsala and alfredo pizza were awful. Both pasta dishes was tasteless, the chicken for the chicken parm was okay. The chicken marsala barely had any sauce on it, and was flavorless, probably the worst chicken marsala i have ever had. The alredo pizza was just not good, I couldve had a celeste microwavable pizza instead and that wouldve tasted 10x better. 
The only good thing about the meal was the breadsticks and salad.Went here with my mom a little while back. We came for lunch. We were sat near a group of new employees, watching an instructional video, and it was very annoying. Our waiter couldn't have been bothered with us. He was very inattentive, our salad was extremely small, didn't bring out more breadsticks, and the food came out cold. He wasn't friendly or anything. The food was meh. I've been to Olive Gardens in the past that were better. It's overpriced. Go somewhere else.,Never thought I would go to an Olive Garden in Center City but I did today.  I mean, come on, there are tons of awesome eating establishments in this area of town so OG seems pretty lame in comparison.  It wasnt all that bad though!  The service was great and food was just right.  Had my favorite soup-salad and breadsticks, its a nice cheap and filling lunch.  
I give it only 3 stars because I figure its just average, not excellent but not bad and not very interesting considering the location.The same as I remember it from when I last ate there ten years ago...affordable, slathered breadsticks, average service (actually, our waiter was pretty disinterested and rolled his eyes at the requests of the table next to ours, but what do you expect I suppose), and decent food. Although certain menu items claim to be healthy, I wonder how accurate the provided information actually is? The soup/salad deal is unbeatable though, and the flexibility to switch in wheat pasta, etc. is always a plus. The $10 option is only available on weekdays, so that was a bit annoying, but there is something for everyone on the menu and also $4 plates to try out as apps. We had over three menus each at one point - certain items overlapped and it wasn't really clear what was available on what days / at what time, but again, for a fast-Italian-food place, overall experience was decent.Ummmmm, if you're pining to relive your high school days of pasta parties, raspberry lemonade, and breadsticks, DON'T DO IT HERE.
Here's why:
S--L---O----W service.
2 roaches spotted.
Go home, put a pot of water on the stove, and while your mac n cheese is stewing and brewing, paint your face blue and gold (or whatever your hs colors are).  You'll have a much better time braiding hair and making scrunchies at home than you will eating here. Trust me.I'd say it is average. Nice service and food. But they made us wait for seating when we clearly saw more then half the Resturant being empty.Even after setting my expectations low, I didn't set them low enough. Do you like over-cooked spaghetti? Apparently so does everyone else because that's what they serve here. Seriously, how can you not know how to cook spaghetti? It was disgusting. If you're carbo-loading for a race, though, this is the place to come. Also if you like crap.A year or so ago I would often go to Olive Garden for there never ending pasta bowl lunch. I remember there was this waiter, Herman, who totally hated his job but got a kick out of us going. He would just keep bringing pasta, literally non-stop. He really didn't care. He was great! Really funny guy. 
Anyway, the place sucks for food. Don't fool yourself into thinking you're getting Italian. But, you can get a really great deal for lunch. For that, it's worth it.One star for this place is too much it should be zero stars. We figured its Olive Garden, chain restaurant, how can it go wrong? It was gross. For starters, we had a 45 minute wait when there were 8 empty tables in the restaurant. So, we decided to wait at the bar and get a drink. The bartender completely forgot about our order. We had to go up and remind her about 20 minutes later if our drink was ever going to come. She stated she forgot completely and continued to make other peoples drinks while we waited! Then, she put no alcohol in our drinks!! At this point we were already quite dissatisfied with the whole thing but finally we got seated. Our salad... lettuce was yellow, no dressing, and it was such a small portion. We were not even offered a refill. We ordered a chicken alfredo which was so bland, the chicken was BURNT to where you couldnt even chew it. We also ordered the portobella ravoli that tasted like it was made out of a can. Really gross. The sauce had no taste and it wasnt even creamy. The whole meal tasted like it was out of a can!! Mind you, we have been to other olive gardens around the country so we feel that it is just this one with the poor service. If you're in the area put your money towards a better meal elsewhere in the neighborhood!!On 2/23/13, My 2 sons, the ones girlfriend and another friend went to Olive Garden for dinner, we had this really great server by the name of Matt Salkovitz. He had a grat sense of humor as we thru all kinds of "trying" tasks.  Like getting chopped ice in a coke, then the other girl wanted chopped ice in her coke after he had her coke already filled with regular ice. Our food was served and then I made a comment to Matt, after my son gave me a shrimp to try, that there was a shrimp in my ziti.  Matt said, "are you sure his shrimp didn't walk onto your plate."  I said "Well Matt, I don't know how that would happen be because the shrimp is dead". He really liked that comment and laughed. No matter watch we "tried" to say/do, he went right along with it. Thanks Matt for making out night! Good luck in your pharmaceutical schooling!The deprived Hawaiian that I am, well not really, finally got his second chance to dine at this chain not yet found in Hawaii.
ATMOSPHERE:
Older-looking restaurant but pretty clean overall.
BEVERAGE:
Out of Heineken.  Loss of 1 star!
FOOD:
Caesar Salad - Horrible.  Served on a warm, almost hot plate, thus making the lettuce warm.  Dressing flavor was okay.
Minestrone Soup - The taste was good, but temperature was lukewarm.  Come on!? 
Grilled Shrimp Caprese - It was like eating a pizza but instead of the crust, it was the pasta, topped with 8 good-sized grilled shrimp - the best part of the dish, an overkill of mozzarella cheese, chunky tomatoes, and garlic butter sauce poured on one side of the dish.  Very sloppy and visually unappealing.
SERVICE:
We walked in without reservations and got seated immediately.  Our male server was friendly and service was pretty quick.
OVERALL:
Mainstream food with good pricing.  I'd rather spend a bit more to dine at Maggiano's.We eat here on a regular  basis. Convenient  meeting place .
Last night with four family members as always it was a hit and a miss with our orders.
Breadsticks kept coming , but only after we asked.My dinner , tri colored penne was horrible, didn't seem fresh wasnt hot or even warm! My go to dish was a no go...even the chicken meatballs were off.
My dining companions had no real complaints , food was good/ okay but for a hundred bucks expected more.(SOME) of the food was its only saving grace, because everything else was just sad.
I grew up on Olive Garden and  I love basic Italian food that's done right.  I don't need all that foofy-foofy all the time.  Sometimes a girl just needs some ravioli, breadsticks, and salad. 
Being an Olive Garden connoisseur....this one would definitely be the Sutter Home of wine. 
Lets start with the decent:  I actually enjoyed my entree.  I had some type of steak with asiago cheese ravioli, and their house wines were pretty good.     
But the salad-pathetic, wimpy greens that lacked enough dressing.
The service was suupppppeer slow-friendly-but SLOW!.  Don't ask for anything extra unless you want to wait an additional 20 minutes.  I really like to have my salad and breadsticks before the meal and they came out at the same time :-(
I'm sure this place would live up to the generous 3 star rating that I'm giving them during slow hours, but on the weekend you can forget it!
I think I'm going to stick to Olive Gardens in the burbs so I can get my monthly fix.I ordered my food online. my food was supposed to be ready at 3:50 pm and I didn't get it until 4:15 pm. there was a lot of running and back and forth before I got my food. On top that my bread sticks were hard as a rock and I didn't get my tiramisu I paid for it and didn't get it.  So I called the store and the manager put me on hole for 3 mins after hearing my complaint and then asked me if I wanted a gift card or my dessert. I wont Be back to this place.I am from Brooklyn and while I may be an Irish guy, I know good Italian food. This is NOT good at all. Obviously its a chain and the food is edible, but why spend the cash on this garbage when you can dine on many of the fine Italian options Philly has to offer.I went here with my girlfriend for our birthdays dinner. The restaurant had a dim classy atmosphere. Our waiter was great! she explained to us stuff on the menu that we did not really understand like the soup that came with our main dishes, the soup had 4 options to choose from. She was very nice in the process of explaining because we ASKED a lot of questions. The food was great. the soup and bread were really good. The calamari and stuffed mushroom were delicious. My girlfriend's main dish was some mediterranean chicken with mash potato and mushroom. Her dish was delicious! My dish was some pasta with steak. It was good but not as good as my girlfriend's. All the food that we ordered tasted very well. Each dish costs less than 20 dollars. The reason going to Olive would cost 20 dollars per person is because I included tip. So if you're looking for a good Italian restaurant, this is one of them!3 stars not for its originality or for being delicious.
3 stars mainly because I am full and I didn't have to spend over 15 bucks to achieve that state.I cannot believe how bad this Olive Garden is. The portions are minuscule and this place has the absolute worst meat lasagna I've ever had the misfortune of tasting. The entire lasagna was mushy and completely overpowered by cheese. The coherent layers that most lasagnas have were completely unidentifiable. What I got on my plate was a small mound that was drowning in tomato sauce. Had the menu not described the dish as a meat lasagna, I definitely would not have been able to tell this was a meat dish.
  I've been to this location a few times, and it's always been shockingly bad. However, other locations seem to be better (although I imagine it's not hard to be better than the Center City location).One of my favorite LUNCH places. Amazing service, great food, really fast during the lunch time. Unlimited soup and salad is my favorite choice. 
Fair warning, do not go there when place is super-busy, you would just waste your time and money.Came here with friends before going to a late happy hour. 
Pros: The lady that served me my Salted Caramel Cocktail at the bar, Dani,was awesome! She was friendly and engaging. 
Cons: After choosing to dine in, our waiter Jay, took over five minutes to come to our table to introduce himself and start us on drinks. His speech was slurred when taking our orders. My party of 5, requested water with lemon. He arrived with our water and no lemon. Asking asking about the lemon, he stated that there was only one lemon slice left in the back. 
When bringing out the bread sticks and salad, I requested a mug of hot water be brought to the table. It took 15 minutes and 2 reminders to be brought the hot water (P.S. I like to soak my utensils in hot water before eating) so my food got cold waiting for the water. He spilled water on someone in our group, when finally refilling glasses. Jay never came to our table to check on us. Another waiter, Mike, was awesome enough to clear all the dirty plates we were no longer using. We requested to talk with the manager. 
Wayne, the manager came over and listened to our grievances. He was very professional and courteous. The attitudes of Wayne, Dani and Mike helped redeem my feelings towards this Olive Garden location.
I will come back and try their service again. Hopefully, with better service. So update will be posted soon.We went there on a Sunday night and were very disappointed with the service and the food. We have been to other Olive Gardens and everything was always good.  The waitress was very slow and left halfway through our meal so we didn't get our food until much later. We had to ask 3 servers for a 2nd basket of breadsticks and our meals were barely warm.  I ordered meatballs with my pasta special and they never arrived despite asking twice. They even tried to charge us for it at the end of the meal. The food was bland and portions were small.  We will never go back to this Olive Garden. The only reason we wound up there was because there was an hour wait at all the other restaurants and we didn't think to make a reservation. Will never make that mistake again!Its just Olive Garden. Been here twice with a large group and didn't have a problem being seated quickly. I love the unlimited breadsticks and soup/salad. Its a great little appetizer before the actual food comes. The food comes relatively fast anyways, so before you finish your soup and bread, the entrees have arrive. They always ave great deals like buy one get one free entree. Or the dinner special with an entree and one desert. The entrees are nothing special, my alfredo dish was pretty bland. But unlimited salad/soup/ breadsticks and nice waiters/tresses are worth the higher starsI felt awful going to an olive garden in the city, especially since I spend a lot of time around the italian market at my boyfriend's apartment but we gave it a shot. I've been to a bunch of suburban olive gardens that were actually pretty decent. You'd think with all the competition that a center city olive garden would have to deal with, that it would go above and beyond. It didn't. It was the worst Olive Garden I have ever been to. 
The service was fine. The food seemed leftover. Like I made pasta the night before and reheated it in the microwave and it got that oily look/taste to it. 
Of course the salad and breadsticks were good. How hard are they to make?Les photos du menu ne ressemble pas trop au vrai plat mais on fera avec.
Les serveurs sont gentils. 
Tout va avec.Went here yesterday for lunch. Apparently the hostess sat me in a 'dead zone', IE: no one was taking those tables. I sat for ten minutes as various servers walked right by me and eventually I had to be a dick and yell "EXCUSE ME!" to one as she was walking away from a nearby table.
To her credit even though I probably seemed justifiably annoyed she apologized profusely and RUSHED my order; I mean she really made an effort to compensate. The worst part was there was a nearby table of the most horrendous women who were running her through the ringer. Being utterly rude, demanding items be taken off of the check, and when she walked away talking about how they would kick her ass. It was disturbing to watch.
The waitress' name was Tamerah and I want to commend her (again, as I did in person AND to her manager) for not only taking over a crappy situation but keeping her cool in the face of extreme rudeness from others. If I were you I would outright ASK for her when you go in.This was my first time going into an Olive Garden ever ! I try and stay away from chain restaurants and I've it never really attracted me enough to go in . We went for happy hour Friday after work and I was pleasantly surprised . They had a good option of drinks and tasting plates everything less than $5. They offered $3 beers, $4 mixed drinks and $6 wines and all the tasting plates were $4. I had a mojito and risotto balls. They were both delicious ! The risotto balls in a tasty red pasta sauce and plenty of cheese , their were like 6 in an order . The mojito was delicious ! One of the bests I've ever had, kudos to the bartender, it was in a tall glass with plenty of alcohol and mint leaves, for $4 it can't be beat ! I would defiantly come back for happy hour again!Have been to Olive Garden many times in California. The food was the same, but the service was unacceptable. I'll start with the good: was greeted by the host and sat quickly. Food tasted as you would expect from Olive Garden (Good, but not great). Food arrived fast and was hot. Was asked about our stay from a manager (always nice to have a manager stop by). Now the bad: the service was simply unacceptable. I have been in the industry for many years and this is what I experienced. Server was not interested in his job or just didn't care. When my wife asked about a dessert he just stared at her. So to break the silence she guessed what was in the dessert and he said something along the lines "sure that's what it's like" (even though it was way off)  most of the time when we said thank you he just ignored us and walked away. Then we waited for the check for far too long. I counted how many tables he was taking care of and it was no more than 4. These are just a few negatives about the service tonight. Sadly we will probably go back for the cheap food, but will definitely find a different section to sit in. The only reason I'm giving 2 stars is because of the 3 positives of this place tonight host/food/manager checking in with us.What do you want from Olive Garden, you know what I mean?
Been eating here off and on since I moved to town  7 years ago. I used to have two friends who worked here so my visits were more frequent.
Went in today for lunch. My server Nelson was... I dunno what he was. He seemed  annoyed with me, and I think if I had to surmise why it was because I was using my ipod during the whole visit. What can I say? If I'm eating alone, I want to entertain myself with something.
So by and large Nelson was perfectly fine but not outstanding.
As for the food... portion was a weird issue. I ordered the chicken parmigana which I've had many times before, and it always came with two pieces of chicken. This time it came with only one, and a much smaller portion of pasta. I would say this is because it was lunch time, but the price was the same as evening time, so...? A little odd.
Overall the visit was...fine.Admittedly, I've been hateful about Bertu-whatever the heck it's called, Spaghetti Warehouse, and I don't even speak on Carraba's, but Olive Garden gets a pass - particularly this location.
This is the only Olive Garden in America that doesn't look like all the others, perhaps a black sheep of the franchised fam. At times, I've had servers here, who, when you bring a large group explicitly tell you "we will get you drunk of free wine, provided you tip well." I love that candor, and in my prime, have tipped, with my party, $35-50 here, just on the strength.
The food is predictable - as the commercials allude to, in all their stereotypical glory. But for people passing through Philly, not looking to spend a ton of money, or roll the dice on food, Olive Garden is a viable option. This is the only O.G. I'd ever go to, and I'm glad it's in Philly.
Others must agree, 'cause there is most certainly always a line. Great for a late lunch on a rainy day, to people watch. I can't knock the hustle.I wasn't happy about the service! I was waiting about ten minutes to take my order! They didn't bring me unlimited soup! Was really disappointed!!! 
I ordered spaghetti with five cheese! But they gave me different order!!!My friend and I went here last night and had a lovely meal. While it's not the best pasta I've had I enjoyed my meal, soup, and salad. I love the refills on bread too! I got the five cheese marina pasta and my friend chicken scampi. :) Delish. 
 Luckily they must have sensed my adoration for the booze and we got some free wine! Nothin better my friends. 
We were served by Fred who was adorable ;) Maybe my telling him this fact earned us our wine, who knows. 
PS, btw. That peach tea is delicious!I'm a little surprised to see how many poor reviews this OG location has received. I live about 20 mins away on the sub , so I've been here quite a few times, and I've never had a bad experience. It's clean, the prices are pretty fair (always running specials), the staff is friendly and fast, the food's hot and good... at least every time I've been. What more can you ask for? Will you get authentic Italian food?.. Umm, no. It's a chain restaurant offering you unlimited  soup, salad and breadsticks for like 10 bucks, give them a break!!
On my last visit my friend and I sat at the bar, an hour and a half before closing, and I had Steak Gorgonzola Alfredo (I believe that's correct). It came out hot and in no time, right as we were finishing our soup and breadsticks. I also ordered the larger glass of Cavit Pinot Noir, which the bar was out of so the bartender gave me a glass of a more expensive one that he had, for the Cavit price! The staff were all very nice to us and the other patrons, even though there were quite a few of us still there after closing.Awful service!!!! Don't waste your time. Waited 30 minutes & never saw a waitress. Left without eating.0 stars should be a rating.
Some misguided friends of mine decided to hold a group dinner here and I knew this would be a bad idea, but the NYTImes had recently written up a bunch of chain restaurant mini reviews that essentially said- "surprisingly not bad." Sorry OG, but it was bad- my portobello ravioli were overly salty, slightly rubbery and expensive. On the upside, they could seat a party of 20 and they were willing to make things off menu.
If you have a choice, go elsewhere.GO AHEAD AND HATE but I like this place. I've never had a problem with their service and their food is served in large portions and tasty to me. I guess compared to my experience at the Italian bistro around the corner on Broad, this restaurant is MUCH more preferred. Haven't found a hair in my food or had my dishes served undercooked yet!
I guess maybe I've only gone here on good days, when the place hasn't become filthy yet (as these reviews have claimed). I haven't used their restrooms, it's something I rarely do when I visit restaurants.Since I'm following the TV show Glee which made numerous reference to a chain restaurant called "Breaksticks" (wink wink), I suddenly felt the urge to visit Olive Garden, which could be a smart marketing plot on their part. Of course I have been to Olive Garden before and I too have been shamed for doing so because alas we live in Philadelphia where there's a large Italian population who will take their time to tell you how unauthentic Olive Garden is and in turn I will share my view on most American Chinese food but I digress.
Surprisingly, I've experienced a bit of attitude in Olive Garden, I'm surprised mostly because I only get this kind of attitude either from highly expensive restaurant or fast food places where they get paid so little that they just don't care about customer service. I like to brush that off by saying that the staff are just "colorful", but a training session or two could improve the corporate culture. Or maybe the standard here are generally low and our expectations should be lower.
I've heard so many people mentioning their unlimited breadsticks that I've higher expectations and got disappointed by these greasy, flavorless breads. The salad is tasty but drowned with dressings. I did like my pasta e fagioli soup and it's possibly the more solid course. The eggplant Parmesan is pure bullshit; The eggplants are dry and very bready, almost like chewing on crackers and I swear the tomato sauce on the spaghetti comes out of a can. Any jar sauce would have tasted a lot better. My stuffed chicken marsala has a sharp wine tasted instead of a rounded one and pairing it with mash potatoes is the opposite of ingenious. At this moment, I'm suffering with an upset stomach.
I feel like I was cheated when two blocks away there's Maggiano's and Buca di Beppo where they give you big portions for the same amount of money and much better quality of food. Also the service would have been much better. Though for some reason, my friends love the trashiness of this place and I love my friends, but I'm not looking forward to come here anymore. Screw the breadsticks.Like many places that fit into the chain category, Olive Garden is what it is and you should not expect anything more.  Yeah, it's mass produced, fake Italian food, but sometimes that is what you are looking for with a group of friends.  At Olive Garden, you can feel free to be loud and cheerful...after all you're family.  There are times for everything and everything includes cheap chain food with unlimited bread-sticks.This kind of experience you'll have here is very unexpected... 
first time I was here the service was great- my girlfriends and I loved our waiter an he was very friendly. Food was good (for it being an olive garden and not the capital grille across the street). Waiter had no problem splitting up our checks at the end and was happy to do it. Second time I was here I waited 30 minutes to even see my waiter to ask for the check. So basically, don't come here expecting anything wonderful, but don't be surprised if its not half bad.Never been to olive garden before so i decided to give it a try. Honestly, I liked it! the salad and bread sticks were great, I got a pasta dish with steak and it was cooked perfectly. I'm not going to lie i enjoyed it a lot more than La Fontana.The server was friendly and our party of 4 got seated within 30 seconds of arriving.  Leon took our drink order and came back with the drinks AND a big bowl of salad and breadsticks.  We didn't even place any food order yet, and he claimed we would get it with our food anyways.  Great so far. But it ended shortly after. Server took our order and left. But once our bowl of salad was depleted and our drinks were empty, we waited 20 minutes before he came by again to check up on us.  We asked for a refill on salad and drinks.  Then our entrees came out. I got the spaghetti and meat sauce, which was soo bland.  While we were eating our entrees, our requested refill of salad came out.  Our table was crowded with plates.   After requesting the check at the end, he left and took over 5 minutes to return.  I actually had to leave to return to work, so the remaining party paid on my behalf.  I would return because for the money, it's a decent option compared to other center city options.  ( just soup n salad for me next time for sure.) But only when I have a lot of free time. 11:45am - 1pm and getting seated immediately and getting salad/breadsticks ahead of ordering was still not enough time for a quick lunch here.I'm a huge fan of Olive Gardens in general regardless of location as I always treat them as a known quantity. 
Usually, I order the 5 cheese ziti al forno which was one of my favorite dishes of all time. I went here with my girlfriend on a pretty quiet Wednesday night except for one large party of ~20. We were seated pretty quickly but before we'd even really had a chance to look at the menu, our waiter was already at our table asking us for our order. He explained that the large table of 20 was an unexpected bachelorette party that was about to put in their orders so if we were quick, we could beat them to the punch. Helpful. 
I created my own pasta with cavatappi, chicken meatballs, and five cheese marinara sauce. My girlfriend got the portobello mushoom ravioli which she always gets. The food came back and for the most part, it was enjoyable. You check your expectations at the door when eating at Olive Garden but the pastas are still pretty tasty. I really like the five cheese marinara sauce and I suspect that it'd taste great with just about anything. 
However, that's about as good as the experience got because halfway through the meal, my girlfriend pulled something solid and unchewable out of a bite she'd already taken. It looked like a small stick and I got the attention of our waiter and let him know. The manager came out and was extremely apologetic, offering to send the dish back and serve us a new one or simply take it off the bill. We elected for the latter though it would have been better had it not happened in the first place. Regardless, mistakes happen and we weren't extremely turned off by the experience. 
The real disappointment was when I checked my credit card bill a week later and noticed that I'd been charged $15 extra for no reason. Again, I had to pick up the phone and talk to the general manager who was also extremely apologetic and assured me that the mistake would be taken care of. Management was really good at fixing mistakes after they happened but overall, I'm pretty wary of this Olive Garden as there have been a few too many mistakes for my liking.I went there on 3/11/13 and had a wonderful lunch. Our waiter was Aaron and he was awesome!! He really made our experience memorable.I ate there on 10/19/2013. We went to the bar to wait for a table the bar area was filthy. there were no bar napkins, the bar top was soaking wet. The floor behind the bar was trashed  and sopping wet.  Our waitress was good but the food took forever. while we were eating dinner someone dragged trash bags of garbage right through the main dining room. the food was fine for an Olive Garden. I had several gift card that i used for dinner  so I didn't mind too much but I wouldn't rush back or recommend it to anyone.This place was decent, the food was good, the waitress was eh. Overall, a decent A-Ok, restaurant. Nothing special.If you live in Philadelphia and you are still going to this Olive Garden you should be slapped.  And not like a playful slap on the back.  I mean the open hand palm slap that goes forward and then you catch the backhand on the return journey.  'wrong whichu?!  There is only one scenario in which I could understand eating here: you are a minstrel and had your tongue cut out after you insulted King Geoffrey from Game of Thrones and then you couldn't taste anything.  And that's like literally one guy I think that happened to.  And he wasn't even a real guy.  
My parents got me an Olive Garden gift card for Christmas last year so we went again for the first time in many many years. 
Service:  To be honest, we had the most adorable server I've had in a long time.  He was clearly a college-age guy, and he was so honestly excited to be serving us and excited about the god-awful food that he was about to bring us.  When I said I was going to have the Italian Wedding soup, his face lit up and he said something like "OMG I LOVE THAT SOUP.  It's my favorite!" with the greatest smile on his face like you told him he won a prize at a fair.  I honestly felt like I would be letting him down or crushing some part of his soul to look at all displeased with the food he was so sweet.  In the 45 minutes we interacted I wanted to adopt him, shelter him from the evils of the world, and never let him find out the food he was serving tasted like school cafeteria lunch.  He might still think Santa Claus exists.  And that's awesome.
Food:  The food is bad, unless you like your food to taste like a frozen dinner.  Then I can't recommend this place enough.  How can you possibly justify eating here when literally a few blocks in either direction will get you a meal that makes you sit back with a smile on your face and rub your tummy for no good reason going "ohhhhhhhhhhh!!!!  ughhhhh!!!!"  You don't get that at Olive Garden.  Philadelphia is known for its Italian population and Italian food.  This is not part of that.  
If you see someone giving this place a good review, be very wary of anything that person ever has to say again.  They are not to be trusted in any realm of life.  This, of course, does not apply to the no-tongue guy from above.  You should help that guy.   Geoffrey is such a dick, am I right?This is the first time I had been to this suburban family-friendly staple. I can finally understand why everyone loves the breadsticks and endless salad. I also understand why people stop going after they grow up. One shouldn't venture into Olive Garden thinking they will be eating authentic Italian fare. However, it's quite yummy in its own right. I ordered the Pappardelle Pescatore, which is seafood on a bed of really fat noodles, tossed with a creamy tomato sauce. Shrimps were crisp and juicy, clams weren't fishy, and scallops were only so-so. The sauce was great though.
The boyfriend ordered the steak gorgonzola alfredo. Steak and pasta, not really a great combination. Even though he ordered medium, the steak that he received was definitely medium-well, borderline well-done. Quite unfortunate.
The ambience was nice, though a bit noisy. Servers were great. All in all, I can now say I've had the Olive Garden experience, but won't be returning because it wasn't anything special.Come on people. Don't believe the commercials: you think when cousin Vinny from Palermo Italy comes over to visit he's going to enjoy the spaghetti con bologna at the Olive Garden?
This is not real Italian, it's the Americanized version for those who eat their daily breakfast at McDonalds. (Meaning their taste buds are dead).
I must admit, they have great deals, and their bread sticks and salad are pretty good. Also, their soups. But when it comes to entrees, just expect corporate food and not-Authentic Italian flavor.
For real Italian, please refer to my list, figure 1.2.While the food was good as expected there was several issues  from the time we went in. We wound up waiting almost a half an hour to be seated due to incompetence of the hostesses. While we repeated 5 twice, they tried to seat us at a table for 4 while clearly there were more. 
After we were seated, nobody even came to give us water or take an order for over 15 minutes until we complained. Food then subsequently came out slow and then cold for a friend. Salad & breadsticks included.
They get a star back for refunding our appetizers & desserts plus the inedible entree in addition to our lovely waiter. Don't know about coming back,though. I now understand why there was a nearly empty dining room on a weekend.People who work there suck, eat at the bar...trust me you will be happier!!!One of the smaller but nicer OGs I've been to, but you really shouldn't waste an avenue of the arts night on something you could get on a highway. Walk around and explore to find real, traditional Italian cooking on south broad and you will not be sorry!3 stars for the food (typical Olive Garden quality). An extra star for our server (whose name I unfortunately can't remember but he was amazing!). We shared the tortellini small plate as an appetizer which was delicious and pretty filling. My bf had the rosemary chicken with gravy and mashed potatoes, which we were both surprised to find here. It was pretty good. I had the chicken and shrimp carbonara, which was disappointing. There wasn't even any bacon (probably a mistake on the part of the chef) and the chicken was fried and soggy. The shrimp was really good, but the entire dish was drowning in a bland sauce. For the price we could have gone to one of the better restaurants in the area, but it's fun to eat at chains ever so often.Ate here for the first time last night. I have to say off the bat that the service was some if the most personable, friendly customer service I've gotten anywhere. I wish I knew our waitress's name so I could recommend she get a raise or something. She was the bomb. 
The food though was about what you'd expect a chain restaurant that serves faux-Italian food to have. The general rule of thumb seems to be (for the vegetarian dishes) carbs in different shapes with an absurd amount of cheese on top. I got the baked Ziti, which I'm pretty sure was at least half cheese. My friend got ravioli (also mostly cheese) and I'm pretty sure that the shape was the only difference between the two dishes. Looked like it was that way for all the vegetarian options. 
The food might have been mediocre at best; however, the portions were huge. Looks like I'll be having a mediocre lunch as well as a mediocre dinner today from my leftovers. You can't beat that. Do the math and it comes out to about $4/ meal if you count the leftovers. I'd say my meal was worth about $4. $3.75 of which was value added from service.Thee ABSOLUT worse Olive Garden I've EVER gone to. The service was horrible and the employees were rude. I'm NOT one to complain or make a scene so I sat quietly and just observed.  The lunch time bartender was loud and rude talking about guest through her mic right in front of bar customers.  NOT once did she place my food in front of me. I had to reach for it each time. She ignored me the whole time. And a lady next me had to actually cancel her order of wings because they took so long to come. The employees sat a tables behind me at the bar and were having an inappropriate conversation for all to hear. One word to sum up the overall experience and atmosphere GHETTO!Just as my prior review of the Bala Cynwyd OG - but only 1 satr because the Center City location is FILTHY!!!!!  (Bathrooms, bar area, floors) and the dis-enchanted under-educated staff is abysmal! (Sp??)
Olive Garden is Faux-talian-American and is really not that great.
My inlaws insist on going to chain restaurants like this, Buca di Beppo, Romano's Macaroni' Grill (how the heck do you grill Macaroni??) and other sub-par poser-Talian chains.
Meanwhile, my 3 year old loves it here - so there's no accounting for taste.
And it used to be cheap - but no longer.  I had a so-so shrimp scampi (angel hair here is a definite AVOID - ads it is always overcooked and mushy.) and it was $16.95.
The unlimited iceberg & white-bread (Oh, sorry, I meant salad & grease-sticks) are a big turn on to college kids and cheap in-laws alike.
For my time & money - there are FAR better places to go (even in the spectra of Faux-talian chains.) [See my review of Bensi's]I've been to the Olive Garden on chestnut street before and everything was ok meaning both food wise and service wise and I would give it a 3 star. However, the experience that I had today was so horrible that I feel that I would NEVER EVER return again. We arrived at the restaurant at 3:40 which was 20 minutes before the time when lunch is over. We looked at the lunch menu and ordered within 5 minutes and our server Paige took our order which consisted a seafood alfredo and a shrimp with tilapia. We were offered warm breadsticks and the server asked us if we want any dipping sauce for the breadsticks. We said yes and she brought the dipping sauce when we were almost done with the breadsticks. The soups came extremely cold and salty and although she changed it to a different soup, it was not much better. She gave us our entrees and took away all the sauces and extra dishes including the alfredo sauce that we later found out to be $3.50 that she charged without telling us that it is not free. Such a rip-off! After she took away the sauce, we found out that the seafood alfredo was dry and crappy but we didn't want to be a pain so we never said anything. The brocclli was overcooked for the shrimp with tilapia and the fish was tasteless. After we have received our check, we found out that the server had charged us dinner price for all our dishes and when we asked, she told us that it's past lunch time when we ordered which is not even possible and plus we were given LUNCH MENUS, not dinner. Overall, this was the worst experience that I have ever had with this chain restaurant and if this is the way that the servers are trying to make extra tips, this is just absolutely horrible!!!!!!There are three different people that keep asking us of we're ready to order, can't even tell who's our real waiter/waitress. The manager did give us 25% off of our bill because she noticed that it was really confusing.The service was good, but compared to other Olive Gardens I have been to, I felt the food was below par. The most disappointing was the soup. I got zuppa tuscana, which I typically get at any Olive Garden I go to but the soup looked old. The spinach wasn't really green and the broth was yellowish-brown. I ate some of it but decided it wasn't worth it. I was there at 11:58, so it wasn't that the soup was just made earlier that day, I think it was probably from the day before. 
They also have some sort of new policy where they give you your bill in the middle of the meal which I found odd. Service overall though was fast and my water was refilled without asking. The food here just needs to improve.Had a tour of Italy which was awesome.
Sangria there seemed so great but didn't get the chance to try.Olive garden its self never had a problem and the food is always good i am giving this 3 stars because the service was a joke.  Our waiter don't know his name don't care to was on another planet forgot my drink didn't even brink it out till after we had the appetizer and we asked for more bread twice which he did not bring out till we had started to eat the entree.  The salad good as always the food i had the chicken milanese it was awesome the tortellini were so cheesy and cooked to perfection and the chicken was perfectly fried.  We had the sampler appetizer with toasted ravioli, calamari and fried mozzarella.  The calamari needed about 3 more min in the fryer and the toasted ravioli is better at  wawa.I hate to hate on The Olive - but I have to say...
I always have an OK experience here. This past time our server was great, but the food was just ok. Maybe it's me?
I like really tasty food, sometimes I think Philly is full of bland food. The food was served hot, and it was cooked right, so I shouldn't complain. I guess I should say I've never been WOW'd by The OIive. 
All this - and I'll probably go back, it is the right price!My husband and I were center city restaurant snobs until we had our daughter. Now we are an Olive Garden family. Our 7 year old daughter insists we only take her here. This is her favorite resturant. We go here so much that service would be hard for us to rate as it varies. If it is a busy night they are always appologetic. Once they gave us a free dinner because so many things went wrong in one night (long wait for service, out of entrees etc.) We've had good and bad nights here but keep going back. One of the best CC family restuarants and always a bargain compared to any of our other choices. Always friendly and accomodating.I enjoyed our visit to this olive garden.  The staff was prompt and very friendly.  The food was good and hubby enjoyed his gluten free options.  They made the maragitas perfectly and the prices are very fair.  Good spot for enjoyable reasonably priced food.My wife and I love Olive Garden (normally), so when I was on a business a trip in Philly, we decided to have something familiar.
The wait was 20 minutes (not bad for a Friday night and the host at the front told us an accurate time - he was nice). Once we sat down and ordered Cokes, it took our waitress 15 minutes to bring them and take our order.
The salad came another 15 minutes later, after being told that our original salad was delivered to the wrong table. We were also told that if we wanted more salad, too bad...they ran out of salad. No big deal, one bowl is enough...especially with the bread sticks, right?
Wrong. They didn't even bring bread sticks. The food, once delivered, was cold...as if it had been sitting on the food counter for delivery to our table. We packed up most of it so that we could warm it up at home.
The waitress was apologetic and seemed nice, but the overall service and quality of food sucked.I stopped in here for a quick, cheap lunch of soup and salad - plus it was really close to where I was and it's cold out - so why walk far?  
The service was friendly, the soup and salad yummy like I expected and it was an easy place to go during a lunch break.What do you expect? It's an international chain restaurant famous for it's "never-ending pasta bowl" promotion. If you pay $10 for unlimited food, please set the expectations accordingly.
For what it is, this Olive Garden is perfectly fine. They're heavy-handed with the wine samples, which is always good. Service is okay, food is predictably Olive Garden, and there are no real surprises here. And I don't care what anyone says, their salad and breadsticks are good!The food here is not cooked well and makes me lose all hope in these wannabe fancy chain restaurants. The service here is so damn slow everytime it seems and there are a couple of mean servers from what I saw. Sadly I asked about specials and they didn't even mention the one from the commercial that I saw a day later, so thats upsetting. I asked for change and got an attitude as well. Go to Bucca di beppo if you want quality Italian for a ok price.I will never forget the dreaded day I chose to eat here. For the record, the decision to step foot in their door was strictly due to the fact that my friend had a $20 gift card which she was awarded after complaining about another Olive Garden establishment. Little did I know, that should have been a telling sign. 
To make the story short so I can once again place this tragic memory in the far recesses of my subconscious mind, I thought the Olive Garden would have enough integrity to serve a decent meatball (and yes, I landed on ordering spaghetti and meatballs because it was the cheapest thing on their lunch menu and I naively thought a place that, I'm assuming, prides themselves on serving Italian cuisine, could make a decent meatball). Sadly, no, they do not have enough integrity to serve a decent meatball. Not even half-decent, or somewhat decent. It tasted like it was sitting in the back of a frost-bitten, decaying, bacteria-ridden freezer, for what was probably a century. 
I chose not to complain and cause a fuss. This is mainly because our waitress was exceptionally nice, most likely because she knows she must sugarcoat the fact that their food is inedible garbage. I just took the rest to go, and then after walking around with it for a few hours thinking the spaghetti portion was still salvageable, eventually threw it in the nearest trashcan. It felt like the weight of one thousand rotting meatballs was lifted off my shoulders.
Please know that I have only written this to save all of you good people from potential permanent harm to your digestive system and wallets.Pro: Food was decent.
Cons: Horrible horrible customer service. Waitress took forever to get anything to our table. She was also rude and talked shit behind our backs to other waiters. We could see right from our table! After an excruciating 2 hours, we paid in cash, and waited for our receipt to come back to us so we could tip, but she never got it back to us. When we asked, she replied in a rude tone, "The change was ONLY 48 cents." We kindly explained that we wanted the receipt and checkbook back as to leave tip. 
When we complained to the manager about our lack of receipt, she made us wait 30 minutes and came back with 6 coupons that was like 3 dollars off your next two entrees. We never did get a receipt.
Never going back to this Olive Garden.Salad was fresh and delicious.  Breadsticks warm and good as well.  Portabello stuffed ravioli was good.  Chicken in the marsala was tender and moist.  Very tasty.VERY disappointed.  I love italian food, so it was a big letdown to eat such bland tasting food.  The service was so-so.  We went for my birthday on a Saturday night, and had an about 20 mins wait to be seated.  Our server was sweating profusely and seemed overwhelmed.  He brought our appetizers ( rice balls drenched in the most tasteless and gross, liquidy tomato sauce) AND entree at the same time (big no-no).  At least the food came pretty fast, problem was, it didn't taste that great. I had the alfredo pasta, and I will repeat, I was VERY disappointed.  That food was one of the most mediocre food I've had throughout my years of dining out.The service here was absolutely horrible. The waiter took our orders pretty quickly but the wait for the food was about an hour. It was hardly unlimited breadsticks and salad because he never checked on us even after our drinks were dry! Hoping the wait for the food was worth it but the pasta tasted so bland. I know Olive Garden has good food but this is just the worst one of them all. I will never eat here again.First off, the food was not bad. When you go to an Olive Garden you know exactly what you are getting if you have ever eaten at an Olive Garden before. However, this location in particular has the WORST service I have ever seen. Our server not only stayed hidden, but when asked for a refill or more bread she would disappear for the longest time. I asked for another drink halfway through my first one because I knew she would take a while, but I finished the drink and STILL waited. She finally returned....WITHOUT the drink and said "you wanted a diet, right?" Come on......it's not as if she had to wait on the bar to make it...it was a diet coke! We also were not given our breadsticks with the soup. She told us she would be right back with the bread sticks and did not return with them until she brought out the meal and I had finished my soup. If you don't mind waiting, the food was good.