I literally spent $40 on 3 breakfast sandwiches, a small coffee, and a small orange juice. All 3 of the sandwiches were supposed to be the same, and they instead gave me sausage and eggs. I'm not usually one to complain, but this price is unacceptable for the wrong food.I love love love this place the food and coffee were great. I got Strawberry White Mocha and The A.B.E and it was perfect. Definitely come back.The food is OK, and the decor is somewhat trendy.  But the prices are out of this world.  And on top of that, they don't have prices on anything, so you just pay up because really, who cancels orders after they've been given?  Downstairs seating is ridiculous as people are always falling over you.  But if you want to look really trendy, this is where you should sit I guess.  There are better places for coffee and a breakfast in the city.I dig this cute little place. Food and coffee are great. But every time I come in here the counter person doesn't listen and messes up my order. I just find that trend interesting. Listen to your customers. Listen when you ask a question. It's almost amusing at this point.I love their coffee, pastries, and they're super friendly.   All around, the perfect neighborhood coffee shop.This place is wonderful. The staff has always been nothing but helpful and friendly and nothing short of amazing. The food is so good. I can't wait to bring people here the next time I have guests who want to do brunch. It's a hidden gem that isn't always super crowded. They have tons of seating inside and out. They always have super fun drink specials according to a certain theme. My favorite so far has been the philly beer week theme. I had a 'Brawler' inspired coffee. SO GOOD! The seating upstairs and down is super cozy. It's a great place for studying it reading. I just really love it here. I wish it was open later than 5 but I can deal with that. Love love love!One shot is a good summer coffee spot because there iced coffee and iced mocha are really good.  Their hot espresso drinks, however, are not.  I ordered one once and haven't since.  More recently, I tried a friend's; it reminded me to stick to my guns.  I haven't had their regular hot coffee, but one of these days I'll give it a try.
What I am totally obsessed with is Will's Bagel.  Honey, cream cheese, and almonds.  Get it on a cinnamon raisin bagel.  So good!  I make these at home now on weekdays, but they're much better here.Sigh.. Here's another disappointing cafe experience in Philly.
My boyfriend and I were excited to come here after reading so many positive Yelp reviews, only to discover that the food was below mediocre. Maybe they were just having a bad day, who knows.
We ordered a simple mocha latte, the ultimate breakfast sandwich on a bagel, and a regular plate of breakfast food items (forgot the menu name). 
First, the ultimate breakfast sandwich: besides the bagel tasting like rubber, the sandwich overall was overwhelmingly greasy. I recall the grease literally dripping down and forming a puddle on the plate while my boyfriend was struggling to eat it. He said it was almost nauseating to eat. I tried it too, and noticed that the fried ingredients in the sandwich, most noticeably the hash browns, were fried in OLD oil. Man, that scent was bad. 
Same applied for the second item, the regular breakfast plate; the main part was a biscuit sandwich with eggs and bacon. The biscuit was, wait for it.. OVERWHELMINGLY MILKY and buttery, which was also nauseating to me, and of course, the hash browns.. No need to repeat myself. The few bites of side salad were good though, but you can't really go wrong with veggies. 
The bad experience with the food basically ruined the mocha latte. I can't even remember if it tasted decent or not.
I really wanted to like this place, but they need to tone it down with the grease and butter. :-( 
Also, before I forget, everything we ordered came out to be around $30. Is it worth..?This place hits the spot.  I didn't try the coffee, but went with tea instead, so I can't comment on the coffee's goodness today.  What I can say is they place great tunes, there is plenty of space, the wifi doesn't poop out, and the decor & vibe of the place is perfect for me (kinda country, chill).  The egg sammy I ordered is delish, hot and cheesy.
I'm working here very productively, with a view of the horse stable out the window.  So I'll definitely be back here to work and chow down again.I've never eaten here, so I can't speak for the food. But the coffee is delicious, the staff is always cheerful and very helpful and eager to recommend their favorites. Very nice ambiance for sitting and relaxing with a cup of coffee and a book -- nice cozy atmosphere for a city coffee shop.Really love this place!! First time here i had the crissiont french toast which was amazing!! I came in today and had a pumpernickel bagel with sicilian cream cheese it was really good!!!Food is ok everything is just so overpriced. Just found out they use store-bought orange juice in a gallon and sell it for $5 a cup like it's fresh squeezed.The Huevos Rancheros is crazy good! Packed with flavor, and a really good, large portion. The service at One Shot was also super pleasant. The staff was very sweet, and helpful. Also had "Toms Dirty Chai" which is so damn good if you want a semi sweet chai drink.you could say this place is pricey but it is easily worth every penny. with a plethora of choices as far as neighborhood cafes are concerned, i have deemed it my absolute favorite. delectable seasonal drink menus as well as a regularly updated specials menu, there are always a multitude of options as well as some savory standbys. plenty of vegan options as well. have i mentioned how friendly and efficient the staff are? to top it off, the decore is simply adorable and quaint, perfect for reading a book alone or enjoying brunch with friends.Can't believe it took me more than a year to get around to One Shot in my neighborhood!  It's a terrific space with a stylish reclaimed style without looking like a mish mash of furniture from a garage sale.  
The baristas are knowledgable about all the beverages and the menu.  Coffee concoctions are unique!  They have a regular menu plus 5 specials.  Eggs are a specialty.  I had the Ultimate Breakfast Sandwich  (fried egg, brie, hash brown on brioche) and it's creeping into my 'Top 3' sandwiches in Philadelphia.  (I have to have a few more to secure the spot  on my list)
Best of all is the consistency of hours.  They are open early, and the kitchen is ready by 8am, so good to have a place for early birds like me.  Looking forward to returning to try their lunch items.A nice little outpost of Portland in Philly. After spending $24 on brunch, though, I had to leave because they couldn't get the Wi-Fi working. Popped over to SweetSpot, ordered a tea and got right on.one of the best cafe interiors in the city. not to mention i had one of the best macchiatos there. having had the pleasure of visiting stumptown in "stumptown" they do the roaster justice. a favorite.Can I just live here? 
This is by far my favorite place to grab breakfast in no libs. Not only does it have the coziest atmosphere, but the food and drinks here are top notch. For the longest time I did not know there was an upstairs seating area here, so if you go be sure to enjoy your fare upstairs because it is just so pleasant (and less crammed than the downstairs area).
I always have a tough time figuring out what to order because everything is just so darn good! Each dish is unique and has something special about it above just a regular omlette or breakfast sandwich. 
Only downside to this place if you are looking for a traditional weekend brunch to cure your hangover with more booze, is that this place does not serve alcohol.
Last but not least... do yourself a favor and get one of their mini cronuts.I think they are on the pricey side but I am never disappointed with quality. Soy mochas are delicious!Love this place! Had the egg white omelette with veggies and hash browns. It tastes so good and fresh! Their coffee and cappuccino is amazing as well. Very small place but it's definitely worth the trip. It's located in a hole in the wall and not as easy to find driving down since it's small and the streets their are very narrow. Also their huevos rancheros are really good. Definitely coming back and recommendCappuccino, lattes and filtered coffee are excellent. Haven't tried the food so can't comment on that. Barristas are unfriendly and rude. Get your act together One Shot. Something isn't right here.The new One Shot is stunning, the coffee has dramatically improved, and the atmosphere is phenomenal.  As a Seattle girl, I have been desperately seeking a good cafe in which to get some work done, on a solid table that doesn't wobble, with an excellent cup of coffee.  This is it, people.  This is it.
My only complaint is how damn EXPENSIVE it is.  
Oh and bring good headphones, because for some reason, they play the music really loud.I loved this place! It seems small from the outside but it is surprisingly big on the inside, with a grand upstairs great for chilling and working. I ordered the A.B.E. sandwich (brioche bun, goat cheese, egg whites, etc.) which was absolutely phenomenal! Every part of the sandwich was delicious and well formed. I also ordered a drip coffee which was very good as well. The service was excellent. The vibes inside the coffee shop were chill and hipstery. Not gonna lie, the area surrounding this place is kind of sketchy. But this place is awesome and I would 100% go back. This place is everything I want in a coffee shop!A hidden gem if I have to say so myself, this small cafe in Philly is a great brunch place with a very distinct character.  I was drawn to this place one day when I wanted brunch food right after my monthly visit to the St. Johh Neumann shrine nearby.  The space is quite small, like every thing else in this part of the city and the age of the building really shows, but for this little coffee house it works perfectly.  And  they certainly have garnered quite a following especially with the solid four star rating on Yelp.  The prices are quite on the expensive side just as a heads up but the flavor and quality is all there.  I ordered the One Shot Breakfast Sandwich which is scrambled eggs and cheddar cheese on a brioche bun.  I added sausage to it because every breakfast sandwich needed sausage, bacon, or ham.  It's one of those unwritten rules.    The sandwich will set you back $7.75 and some change which like I said before is pricey but I didn't mind because it was pretty big and they cooked in perfectly.  The scrambled eggs were light and fluffy.  I'm not kidding it really was light and fluffy and the sausage didn't taste like Jimmy Dean's.  At that price point I should have expected it but I was still pleasantly surprised.  I paired my sandwich with a gingerbread orange tea from Tea Source and it was heavenly.  It was sweet and aromatic with just the right amount of citrus flavor which I associate with a good brunch drink.  If you're not a tea aficionado One Shot serves the best java with their nice selection from Stumptown Coffee.  You can tell that their baristas truly know what's up.  I'm glad I made my way to this coffee shop.  It's a great place to have breakfast, lunch, or a combination of both.  I can say one thing for sure; it may have the name One Shot but they truly have a bulls-eye in my book!Good food, great coffee. Think of the stereotype of what a coffee shop should look like...One Shot makes that dream a reality. Only downside is that it's a little pricey for what they offer, nothing that breaks the bank though! Friendly staff and lots of options for where to camp out and enjoy your caffeineMy husband and I went for breakfast the morning after my friends wedding and I absolutely loved this place!  It is so cute and the latte i ordered was delicious.  I had the Hudson bagel- bacon, Brie, apple slice, and  cherry jam absolutely the best combination of ingredients on an everything bagel I've had in many years!  My mouth is still watering.  The staff is super friendly and I love the upstairs that is geared to the local college students who want to come study and have a cup of joe.  We live in NJ but there are some days that I wouldn't mind driving down there for the Hudson bagel and a latte! Def check this place out if your in the areaSuper cute cafe! I ordered the standard with sausage. Whatever sauce that was on there had me licking my fingers lol The best cappuccino I've had, so far. My friend and I ordered our food/drinks and sat on the couch so I've yet to even check out the upstairs. That will definitely be saved for another day. Added to my fav place indeed! Don't know what the other reviewers are saying about the rude baristas. They were all nice and pleasant.This is a cool coffee shop tucked in the corner of George Street. It has that very homey/chill type of feeling as soon as you walk in. The barista was friendly for it being early morning, so kudos to that. I ordered an Iced Mexican Mocha and a bagel with scallion cream cheese. The Mocha was a good pick me up and had a nice helping of cinnamon for that spiced surpirse. The bagel was delicious and just what I needed to fill my stomach. They are a bit on the pricey side because this all came close to 10 bucks! It is still a decent coffee shop that I may frequent if I stay around the area. Minimum 10 dollars to charge a card is a joke. Most coffee shops don't do this!One of my favorite coffee spots in Philly. Always get the Tom's dirty chai - not too sweet and they offer weekly?variations on chai and other beverages if that's your thing (I'm partial to the original). Pastries here are amazing great flavors from the cronuts to lemon bars and cookies...a little on the pricey side (mostly the cronuts because they're small) but still tasty.This is the quintessential neighborhood coffee shop.  I like the shabby chic decor.  My initial intention was to get a cup of coffee and move on, but I was starving!  So I decided to take a look at the brunch menu.  The chicken and egg dish stood out to me so I ordered it.  I ordered the house coffee to go along with it.  Their coffee is from Sumptown coffee roasters out of Brooklyn.  Sumptown is well known among coffee connoisseurs.  I was excited to taste a cup from this artisanal coffee roaster. The coffee was good.  It was not the best drip coffee I ever had, but it was good. 
My entree arrived and it dawned on me that this is a unique twist on chicken and waffles.  The French toast had an egg in the middle of it, which is very creative.  This dish totally blew me away.  My chicken was moist and the exterior was very crunchy.  The French toast was great.  You can't go wrong when you choose Brioche for making French toast. 
The service was good and the staff was friendly.  I found the atmosphere to be a nice place to relax with a cup of coffee.  I really enjoyed the selection of 70's soul music they were playing.  They also sell tea and pastries.  I bought an oatmeal, peanut butter, chocolate chip cookie that was delish.  What else more can one ask for from a coffee shop besides good coffee, good food and good service?  This place has it all.In a few words: Quaint. Plethora of pastries (they even have cornets!). Slightly overpriced.
Tucked away behind cute apartments in Fishtown, I found the adorable One Shot Coffee that comes up at the top of Yelp search results for coffee and brunch in Philly. The coffee is delectable: not too bitter but very smooth. They sell their own beans and I'm interested in picking up a few packs the next time I'm around.
Had a slight episode of existential angst with the amount of pastries that sat in, on, around and far away from the display window, from prepared breakfast sandwiches to cronuts (!!!). Of course, I got a cronut ands it was good, not great. The slightest bit stale because the cornets sit outside on the counter next to the counter without a cover.
For brunch, I ordered the Eggs Benedict and loved every bite! The dish comes out with two decent sized eggs benedict, a very small side salad doused in vinegarette and three hash browns. I applaud the hash brown crafter for its super crunchiness.
If it wasn't as pricey as it was, I wouldn't hesitate to come back again and again.Go here if you want to spend $3.75 plus on cup of black coffee accompanied by a death glare. I get treated better at D&D five blocks north of here.When I found One Shot on yelp my coffee prayers were answered!!! I was a visitor/tourist to Philly and was not loving the neighborhood until One Shot! Not only is this a comfy cafe with a great atmosphere, vibrant people and rocking music... the food is absolutely fantastic and the coffee is just a dream come true!!
My only complaint is that One Shot is not in my hometown!!!! The best find in Philly, made my stay there happy and bright :)Only place in the city I've gone and liked the coffee. I love places that do 
NOT serve La Colombe. The baristas are really friendly too, big plus.
I went there today for a cup. I only had a credit card to pay and they have a 5 dollar minimum (I hate that). Anyway, I wanted my coffee so I picked out this vegan slice of pie they had. It looked a little lopsided and messy, but it got me over the 5 dollar mark, and the barista said it was pretty good.
I got the pie to go. After trying it tonight, I'm stunned at how fabulous it was. Its one of those desserts you can't eat all at once because its so rich, but whatever the vegan vanilla custardy pie with blueberries and oatmeal crust was, it was the most spectacular pie ever! Every component of it. Forget Vegan Treats, the baker working at One Shot is magical.
They have housemade vegan cookies too. And the new locations very nice.the coffee was good but incredibly overpriced. not only that but the barista was very pretentious and rude. I asked him what the vanilla rose latte is and he said" a latte with vanilla and rose in it". then when our lattes were ready, he set them down on the counter and did not tell us(even though we were his only customers) they were just sitting there for a while when we didn't know.Well,
At the old location:
I had a wonderful experience every time I went there. It was cozy, well designed,  there were always good, weirdy magazines to read and the people were friendly and relaxed. The music was also decent, not overbearingly hip-tastic, but not the pop charts top 100 either.
They always had an abundant amount of vegan options for cookies, cakes, bagels, and my fav-  pumpkin whoopie pies, mmmmmm.
The new location on George St.:
I have to say, I would like to go here just to hang out because its so damn pretty. Exposed brick, wood paneling misplaced over hot pink walls. Super comfy and chic, tufted back bench seating . Overall, really a visual pleasure. It feels like Urbanoutfitters Inc got a hold of this place beforehand and then One Shot moved in.
However, the happy, shiny, good times stop there. I am really fucking sick of the server/ barista who hates their job, and therefore hates you.. I didn't make you have this job! You can totally quit and get a different one! I heard some rumors about this behavior before I went there and I was surprised how accurate the description was. The girls at the old place were so nice! The barista who recently served me acted really annoyed when my friend and I placed our order. It wasn't anything out of the ordinary, it was right from the menu. She just seemed like I was ruining her life by ordering. Whatever lady, I was super nice to you. Maybe next time I could tip you in bug repellent so that nasty one will crawl out of your ass.
Its cool, I don't need anymore friends. However, I NEED food, good food.  I was psyched to see a new, full brunch menu, even though there were limited vegan options and all the great bagel sandwiches were gone. We ordered the tofu scramble and a tomato soup. It was prepared by someone who obviously just learned what vegan was yesterday. Oil city, everything, had sooo much oil. Its like they replaced any dairy or egg element with oil to compensate. Ew.  I've never seen tomato soup with a 1/4 inch  film of oil on the top. Totally gross. I took 2 spoonfuls and decided I didn't want to barf later, so I stopped. As for the scramble, which in theory sounded amazing, was really lack luster. There was supposed to be fennel in it, but I guess they ran out and decided not to say anything, even though that's why I ordered it in the first place.
Overall:
Vegan eats= The Suck (and no more whoopie pies= worst) but dont worry, you can buy a $5 cookie.
Service= Unnecessary attitude city
Coffee= overpriced, but great. Made me jittery allll daaay. 
Scenery= Best thing about it.
New Music=  super loud Kanye west on repeat.. not so great. I guess no mommys with children can come here.Best coffee ever! Just for the sheer fact that they have coconut favor syrup! The desserts and pastries are to die for especially the cronuts. The best I've ever had!!! The service is great and the people are always friendly.Cool atmosphere.  The food is pretty darn good.  The reason I'm holding it to 3 stars is because there is no good reason why an egg sandwich and a coffee to go should set me back $10 but that is exactly what it did. At least it was a damn good sandwich.The cutest little spot. Definitely recommend this place if you want to sit back and enjoy a really good latte!Staff not particularly friendly, drinks overpriced and they close their espresso machine before their official closing time. Which means you can't even get a latte at 450pm. Sad that we don't have more customer oriented options in Northern Liberties. And their hours are terrible for people who work regular business hours.I've been a loyal patron since the grand opening of their original location at the Piazza.  Their new, bigger location is awesome!  The place offers more places to sit and relax over two floors, and more food and coffee choices.  Also, I love free Wi-Fi.
This is a five-star worthy place.  However I gave it four stars, because the food prices are generally a bit high.Cute and nice. The upstairs has a few couches and tons of shelves of books. The lemon bar was exactly how you'd want a lemon bar to be and they serve Stumptown, which is the bee's knees.I ordered a small mocha on this rainy Tuesday with a slice of carrot cake. What a lovely combination! The mocha was delicious, with a chocolate-y bitterness that was quite pleasing. The frosting on the carrot cake had some trouble sticking to the cake, but it was still yummy and moist with little chewy pieces of real carrot and caramelized goodness. The extra seating upstairs is so nice with comfortable chairs and assorted tables. There were many people set up with laptops and the short studying/working. Stop in if you haven't already!$2.25 for a small coffee? come on...
great coffee at ridiculous prices.First review because it feels necessary-- but the music is so bad, please let the baristas put on an album or Spotify's discover weekly or anything other than what's going on right now.  other wise I'd say the place would b a "4" if the music changed like I'm sure someone who is working has good tasteGreat little coffee shop ... Awesome interior ....Many wonderful baked goods .....really a gem .... Just wish they were open longer hours ....fresh juices are amazing ... Gluten free options also ..... Great little privately owned coffee shop .... My kinda thing totally.....Was here for a private party. Only the upstairs was rented out. Pretty nice set up for 30-40 people. Clean and interesting atmosphere to kick it.Their coffee is pretty darn tasty and the pastries look really tasty.  For those who want something more substantial for food, they also have omelettes and other choices.
One Shot is tucked away from the main drag of Northern Liberties, so it is kind of a cool find for those stopping in the first time.  And it seemed that a handful of regulars were patronizing them during my visit.  Their prices are a bit steep, granted the coffee was good.  Certainly worth checking out and deciding for yourself.This place exudes positive energy.  Awesome staff, super helpful, and always seems to be happy.  Their tea is great and their food is so creative and delicious.  My only complaint is that they just stopped doing soups, which is a bummer, because I pretty much got their soups 2-3 times a week.  I would never go to another coffee shop after having this in my backyard.  I'm spoiled and happy about it!It was my first time here and I ordered the ABE breakfast sandwich.  According to the menu this includes egg whites, avocado, bacon, tomatoes and herbed goat cheese on a brioche bun. I placed my order for takeout. I have learned from previous experiences to always check my order before leaving because for some reason take out orders never seem to be correct. When I received my sandwich I did just that - only to find out my sandwich was only egg whites and bacon with nothing else on it. I went to the register and explained that the ABE was supposed to have avocado and tomato etc. It is after all the name of the sandwich and the whole reason I ordered it.  They took back my sandwich and slapped on brown avocado spread and two tomatoes and handed it back. The only good part of the sandwich was the bun unfortunately.
It's a shame something as simple as a breakfast sandwich can't be done correctly.
The regular coffee is mediocre. Cream was empty. 
Won't be returning because there are too many other great coffee shops in the city.My boyfriend lives in Liberties Walk and we frequent One Shot often. They always have their staple cafe breakfast options and always have a seasonal menu that changes (breakfast AND drinks). Try the Hudson bagel, the Swedish Fish, or the chicken and waffles. Huge fan of the coffee and friendly staff! Upstairs is great for studying or work.My friend and I wanted to check out a new brunch restaurant so we chose one shot and good thing we did! Let me just say...the food was pretty impressive, especially for the limited menu. The only con is that I couldn't order some of the yummy choices I saw on yelp photos, but that's because they constantly change their specials. 
I got the Standard, and my friend got the Breakfast Sandwich, which was AMAZING. The Standard was really yummy and filling, and I especially loved the biscuit! But I'd have to say I liked the Breakfast Sandwich more. It was so simple yet so delicious! I want to go back for more. 
Now, for the donuts. My friend really wanted to try the donuts but when we first got there, the worker said that they didn't have any. While we were paying, a fresh new batch came out. It kind of seemed the people working there didn't know anything, but it's okay because the food was good. We got the strawberry, toasted coconut + chocolate, and glazed + nuts. LET ME JUST SAY, as a huuge donut fan, I was THOROUGHLY impressed by the consistency of the donuts (especially the chocolate). Maybe it's because it was fresh, idk. But it was SO CHEWY AND DOUGHY AND AMAZING. 
So to wrap things up, I loved One Shot and will be back!I have gone here for a few years since I moved into the area, but I don't think I will be going back ever again.
I've noticed that the staff is extremely passive aggressive, and NOT helpful, but turned a blind eye to it for a while because I enjoyed the food (coffee is ok...).  Every time I've gone in I've been ignored, or treated like I'm a coffee - idiot.  
Anyways, a while back, I was at One Shot and I accidentally grabbed someone else's beverage from the bar mistaking it for my own (since they neglect to even announce who's is who's or even say a word when they hand off the drink).  
So, yeah, I accidentally took someone else's drink.  I took a sip and realized it wasn't mine, and I told the barista of my mistake so that she could make another for the customer who should have gotten that drink.  She rolled her eyes, sighed, and in a loud voice said, "I just want to make an announcement.  If you don't know whether or not a drink is yours, PLEASE just ASK before you GRAB".  And then she passive aggressively took the drink from my hand, slammed it in the trash, and made a new one.  Didn't say a word to me, or the other girl.  I know I made a mistake, but do I deserve to be publicly humiliated?
NO.
I picked my jaw up off the floor, and walked out with my latte that tasted like rage and anger.Mexican Mocha=Liquid heaven. Decor is great.
Minus one star for the exorbitant prices.. I know we're in Northern Liberties but almost 4 dollars for an iced coffee is ridiculous.This place is expensive. Lunch for 2 with only 1 iced tea came to $29. I really don't like how they don't put the prices on the specials board, from which we both ordered from. Other than the prices, the ambiance is cute and the food was pretty good. I had the disco breakfast special- sweet potato fries with sausage topped with a creamy cheese sauce, the portion was decent. I may come back for a coffee and a vegan baked good at some point.This café is amazing in the mornings. Walk over still half asleep, grab some amazing coffee and a pastry and do online work. Staff is friendly and it's always clean in hereCoolest coffee shop in Philly. Awesome decor and friendly staff. Righteous specialty drinks w hilarious themes change every week, I think. 
Definitely a yuppie spot based on a few factors. 1, it's in a yuppie neighborhood. 2, it's a coffee shop. 3, it's a little pricey.
Buuuut, stick around and hang out and enjoy yourself. Check out the upstairs area too. Try a drink and a baked treat.I've been to one shot a few times, and I have mixed feelings. I really believe that I should be able to order a cup of coffee for less than two dollars. I understand that they offer Stumptown, but the prices for drinks here still seem high. That being said, they do brew some delicious coffee, and I'd rather overpay for something I like then get a good deal on something that barely passes as coffee.
One Shot recently moved to a new location on George Street , and that whole place is beautiful. I met with my good friend Bryana and we sat outside and had coffee and breakfast. Charming 1940s music played inside and out, although Bryana told me this wasn't common. Whether inside or out, the atmosphere is great. Some people send hours in a coffee shop working on papers or other work, and one shot is the kind of place where you will almost enjoy yourself while typing away.
The food menu here is small and hit or miss, but there are a few items that really shine. Bryana ordered the bagel topped with creme cheese, crushed nuts, and drizzled with honey. One look brings on a doling mouth and a bit of envy. I ordered a weird sandwich: bacon egg and mac-n-cheese. This sounds odd, but makes the perfect meal, whether breakfast, lunch or dinner. Sure, you quickly become a cheese gooey mess, but I don't remember the last time I had so much fun doing so. I believe that this sandwhich is their flagship food, and certainly should be enjoyed on the fluffy and buttery brioches roll. One shot also offers house made treats like biscotti, cookies, and such.
Bottom line: I think this is a love it or hate it place. Coffee is a bit pricey, while food is reasonable. Its a pretty place, and is certainly worth at least one visit. The mac-n-cheese sandwich is must try, if not for its taste then simply for the originality.I absolutely love this place. Great ambiance. Cute decor. Good service. Their drink and brunch menu is creative and delicioussssss. I had the eggs Benedict caprese and ginger/lemongrass chai for brunch. The Benedict was cooked perfect and the fresh side salad went together perfectly. The lemongrass chai was so different from any other chai I have ever had but the combination works beautifully. I've been to one shot numerous of times and this place seems to never disappoint.This place should be on a lot of peoples short list for breakfast. You pay at the register and get a number for your food to arrive at the table of your choosing. Breakfast burgers are a go to here along with a nice coffee. From my few times here, since it is tucked around the corner from everything, and in Northern Liberties, it gets enough traffic to be well involved in the community, but not overly packed as to have to wait long periods of time to get a seat. 
It is a place to really sit back, relax, enjoy ...essentially the type of vibe a coffee shop should have.Food here is so delicious. I ordered an omelet with goat cheese, kale, and tomatoes...it was YUMMY!
I would have given 5 stars but they do not give refills on coffee while you are dining in, they charge for each cup, which I think is stingy. Even places like Cafe La Maude that serves La Colombe coffee gives free refills.Their decor and service is awesome. But their wifi often doesnt work(they need to fix this issue). Also their hours are not coffee shop friendly (starbucks closes at 9pm most nights). they also closed their kitchen at 3pm. A coffee shop needs to have reliable internet and be open during certain hours like 11am-10pm are good times. Its a shame because the environment is so niceThis is the most aesthetically pleasing coffee shop I have ever been to, but it doesn't stop there. Every single drink I have ever had is ridiculously amazing. I keep going in thinking that nothing could be as good as the last drink I had... and then it is. They have a hand-drawn themed board with rotating drinks- each week more clever and delicious than the last. Did I mention the place is adorable?!? The attention to detail in the decor of this place is so impressive, and I kind of want to live there. All the food and baked goods (including vegan goodies!) are delicious and it's never too busy to get a seat. I would seriously struggle to find a negative thing to say about One Shot- it's one of my favorite places in Philly!First of all this was my go to joint before then I don't know if they changed management suddenly everyone was replaced then now they changed the menu the tofu scramble is now a turmeric scramble it's So pungent and the once ho to carrot cake oatmeal was replaced with a cherry coconut oatmeal which I couldn't eat Half way , one shot I was a loyal customer but now I don't know what to say ...... but SMH even they left the dishes here for the whole time I was eatingThis place is both close to my office, and my home so I was really hoping to love it but I have two major issues with it. 1) It's a total rip-off. I asked for a small iced coffee with almond milk and it was $5.00. I've never heard of a coffee shop charging $0.65 JUST to add almond milk to an iced coffee. I'd asked for almond milk after I'd already paid and they made me take my card out again and re-pay for the additional charge. I was extremely displeased. 2) The music is awful. I'm not pretentious about music whatsoever, but they play non-stop sad-boy early 2000s music. Considering how much space they have for working, I'd think this could be a great place to work remotely from, but I've attempted to work from One Shot multiple times and each time cannot focus with the ringing of the awful music. 
I feel like One Shot needs to focus a little less on their aesthetic and more on the experience for the customers. Also stop charging 20% extra to get almond milk added to your drinks. I've never heard of that.I'mcurrently travelling the US and this is One of the best place idid so far. Their latte is just incredible, exactly like it is suppose to be and their food ... (OMG) this was just delicious!!! If I was living close by i would be there all the time. :)Great atmosphere and decor. My espresso was delicious (stumptown). And it jacked me and my girlfriend up so affectively, that we went on an hour long run afterwards! I want to go back soon.While the food here is quite nice, if also overpriced for a casual coffee shop, the coffee is a big disappointment.  I've visited several times over the past year and I simply cannot get a decent cup.  The drip is fine, not worth premium prices, but I think the real issue is poor espresso preparation.  Every latte I've had here has tasted burned and watery and had the milk nearly burned - not acceptable for a drink priced at over $4.  
I took a barrista friend here without remembering to tell him to avoid the espresso, and he thought they weren't tamping it properly and had the timing off.  While I'm nowhere near a coffee expert, I do occasionally like to treat myself to a nice cup but have been disappointed in any drink I've ever ordered here.A friend of mine lives around the corner so when I'm visiting, I run to one shot. The entire breakfast menu is spot on. Eggs are light and fluffy, the dressing on their greens is understated...it all is filling and fulfilling while still looking clean and light. Nice touch with a comic book themed coffee menu. Come on one shot, come to NY.The new interior is stunning and a lot more spacious! No more waiting by the bathroom for your drink, yay.  The espresso drinks are consistently delicious. The staff is very friendly, even offered my wife and me a cookie sample last time we were there. I think some reviewers here need to understand that the cost of coffee has increased due to the increase in cost from the bean exporters. Also you get what you pay for...swill from dunkin donuts is cheap because its stale, gross, and has been sitting all day or its foamed up sugar water from a machine.I challenge any restaurant owner to dine at any establishment that serves breakfast, spend $40.00 for two people, ask for jam (for the toast) when the food arrives, and then instructed to pay $.53 at the register to not be upset by the utter cheapness and pettiness of said establishment.A Coffee Shop that has a 10$ credit card minimum... fuck this shit! I will need to drink 3 coffees to be able to pay with card.
The barista asked me after $9.50 to tip in the credit card until $10.
I'm sorry, tipping is up to me and also how I want to do it.
Coffee with NYC prices.Good espresso drinks with coffee from Stumptown. Well made cap + Americano (correct proportions, unlike some places that make a latte out of any cappuccino). 
Despite location in the heart of NoLib/Piazza, it's not over-the-top hipster + comfy couches + the requisite mix and match furniture (I'm sure there's a place that sells pre-mixed furniture for just this vibe) makes it comfy + not at all pretentious. Service/staff - good, funny, fun -- didn't get the obnoxious thing that some other reviewers mentioned.
Prices are a bit steep - coffee drinks w/ milk can run close to $4 - which is about $1 more than one would expect/hope from an indie coffee place. But the real crazy -- food. Muffin was close to $4. Bagel okay at $1.50 with nothing on it, but butter = 75 cents (that must be an amazing butter square), cream cheese - more than a buck. Interestingly prices get more reasonable for the bagel sandwiches which are in the $4 area, but are reasonable for what you're getting.
Anyway - overall - pretty good, but watch out for unnecessarily steep prices on some items.I am in awe of this place and would come here every day if I could. A+++ for ambiance. I wish the quiet room upstairs was my house. Food and tea was good too. Amazing place. The only thing is the downstairs bathroom was gross. Recommend using upstairs.Great place! Decor is spot on. Service is usually good. Yes, a bit pricey but food is usually consistent. Stumptown coffee!  Music volume loud at times upstairs.. NIce people watching.I have taken off three stars for a myriad of reasons having nothing to do with the food or coffee. 
This is a service issue. A two part service issue. 
It seems that the surly owner (bad service part 1) has chosen to step away from the coffee bar (thankfully) and has been replaced with young persons who call me "dear" (part 2).
These people MUST read the article referenced below. And please, for goodness sake STOP IT. I'd rather put up with the grumpy lady.
http://dailyplateofcrazy.com/2012/07/22/dont-call-me-dear-inappropriate-use-of-terms-of-endearment/One of the best coffee shops in No Libs with plenty of different coffee concoctions and new specials all the time. The food menu is great, big fan of the ABE breakfast sandwich as well as the avocado toast.. The side salad dressing is soo refreshing and light. Awesome spot to grab coffee/breakfast on the go, hang out and eat, or focus to do work at. The upstairs is a nice quiet less busy area for working. 
My only grudge with one shot is the prices. Its a little overpriced in my opinion but it really is the only good coffee shop in this area of no libs.I love One Shot. They were my savior when I was unemployed for 3 months. I could sit upstairs for basically the whole day and read/work and no one minded at all. There is a lot of space so it never feels overly crowded like most shops I have frequented. 
The prices are a bit high but most coffee places in nolibs are the same.
And for someone who just likes regular coffee, especially Stumptown, it works for me.I have been going to One Shot ever since they opened & have had nothing but positive experiences & good things to say about the food...delicious!!! I do wish for more soup...the white bean & kale I had once upon a time was to die for & bring back the lemon ricotta crepes with the blueberry compote.  NOMS!!Have gotten take out from here many times - just picked up a bagel and coffee etc. Those are always good and there is always a little spin on it like veggie and caper cream cheese - yum! 
Ate here yesterday and got a full meal with friends. It definitely beat my expectations. Very generous portions, and the homefries were super crispy and delicious. 
Only downside is that I like alcohol with my brunch but oh well. 
They also have a ton of cute/tasty things for sale like organic peanut/almond/chia butter and candies.