I ended up here to celebrate Laura S.'s birthday.  It was a great evening, but Opa itself left a bit to be desired.  
Walking in, I was impressed.  Opa does a nice job of balancing classy and hip - the ambiance is trendy without being over the top, and I loved the way the tables were positioned around the sides of the restaurant with the bar in the middle.
Service was friendly enough, but a little behind the ball.  The drinks took a long time to come from the bar, and our servers never asked us about drink refills - we had to flag them down.  Another example: when a friend and I asked to share an entree, they brought it out on a single plate.  I know the establishment is under no obligation to split an entree into two plates, but when the kitchen or server takes the extra time to do it, it makes a big difference.
The food ranged from mediocre to very good.  Appetizers beat entrees, hands down.  The octopus appetizer was tender and flavorful, and was my personal favorite of the evening.  The pita bread that came with our spread pikilia appetizer was also warm and delicious. Unfortunately, the quantity of pita isn't enough to balance out the amount of hummus, tzatziki, etc, and you're left spending another $4 for another order of pita (or eating your tzatziki with a spoon).  The spinach croquettes were enjoyable but not particularly memorable.  Same goes for the horiatiki.
The entrees sealed the deal on the three-star rating.  The steak, ordered medium rare, was surprisingly large, but arrived at the table medium well and was tougher and fattier than we had hoped. The fish was flavorful but a little dry.  The burger wasn't particularly memorable either.  
All in all, it was a nice dinner, but we decided to head elsewhere for dessert.McGillan's was closed so ended up here instead.   The food here is tapas style, small portions.  The food was excellent, but by my calculations, every bite of food cost about $1, so come here if you are looking to savor a few small portions of food, but not if you're really hungry.Overall the food was very good. We had beef meatball, gyros, Chicken kebab, hanger steak and fingerling potatoes. Chicken kebab and hanger steak were delicious.This place is solid.  Great overall experience.  You can wear jeans!  You can wear a t-shirt!  It's summer.  You can also wear a pretty dress!
Opa takes care of the fancy with their cute servers and well thought out dishes.  Not a lot of clutter on the menu; equal apps to main dishes. Smart wine. Modern Greek meets (larger portion) tapas experience.  I expect to get action if I brought a date here.Nice little bar.  Great happy hour too, a few $3 drafts, $1 skewers, $2 sliders, $4 wine, and the most delicious french fries.The $15 lunch special is a great deal, to bad the beer garden isn't open for ourdoor seating on nice days, sitting out front in the alley with the garbage trucks and delivery vans is just not the same...I went last week to celebrate my birthday with a friend. Everything was great: the service, the atmosphere, and the food! Richard our waiter was very nice and personable, which made the experience that much better. 
My friend and I ordered the hummus and pita. We were surprised at the fresh-baked pita with asparagus on top. The saganaki was delectable; the fig on top was a nice touch. I had the village salad which far exceeded my expectations. 
While we were eating, the chef came out and introduced himself. He was very nice, too. It was a very nice night.
As a vegetarian, it's sometimes difficult to find choices without feeling limited. That wasn't the case at Opa and I can't wait to go back!Menu does not come close to what's posted on Yelp. They have gone tapas style. Expensive for what you get. Couldn't make a margarita with a salt rim. Gyro plate had very small portion of lamb and not very good at all. When told the menu didn't match they said they knew??!! Then made excuses. Will not go back and do not recommend.Our initial plan was to try the pizza place next door but their wait was so long. So we found Opa by coincidence but really enjoyed their food and their atmosphere. There is a square bar area in the middle of the restaurant. and then there are more private tables at the back of the restaurant. The food was delicious - surprisingly. We ordered the cheese platter, greek salad, and a pasta (can't remember the name). Heads up, the portions are really small. I think the pricing is more on the high side considering their portions. 
From 10 p.m. they make it like a club setting - really loud music! - We couldn't talk / hear ourselves so we left. Would definitely visit again with a group of friends to share multiple dishes (like tapas style)Most recently visited Opa for lunch but have been to both the beer garden and restaurant multiple times.
They have a great lunch special - $10 for 1/2 sandwich and salad/soup. The beet salad was delicious as well as the chicken gyro. Service was a bit slow, especially for lunch on a weekday when people are trying to get in and out.
The beer garden is great. Very spacious with a good selection of beers. They have a limited and different food menu at the beer garden (think more bar food) but still tasty nonetheless.
I'll be back, but will make sure if its for lunch I have plenty of time.We came here for sips because they had a more interesting variety of drinks and food than other places. I got the wine but should've ordered their pineapple cocktail like my friend. It was fruity but not too sweet- a potent combo that was downed waaay too quickly. 
We stayed for dinner and ended up ordering the trio of spreads. So delicious. I was skeptical because all of them seemed a little on the runnier side when they came to the table, but they ended up being just right. The hummus was smokey from all of the cumin, the yogurt dip was refreshing and not too acidic, and the feta and red pepper spread- WOW. I can think of so many things I would want to spread that on. They skimped on the pita, but the raw veggies were a nice touch. I was surprised by how much I liked the raw zucchini.
I got the feta-stuffed burger after hearing about how amazing it was but was disappointed. My bun was stale and too big for the patty, and the relish was an after-thought. That relish really had potential to brighten up the meat patty. But the worst part was that I couldn't find the feta. I bit into the burger expecting to see -and taste- chunks of feta. But nope. It was no where to be found, no where to be tasted. Now that I think about it, they really should just top every burger with their red pepper and feta dip. Now I would go back for that.We had a variety of dishes including zucchini chips, gyros, chicken skewer, veggie skewer, baklava and a curry style soup (can't recall the name of it). The food was mostly pretty tasty with the highlights being the gyros and soup, but the portion size was extremely small. Granted, we stuck to a bunch of the smaller sized plates, but these plates were miniature. For all that above it cost ~$45 + tip.
The interior looks very nice and is very well done. Service was average. The bathroom has a hand dryer instead of paper towels.
Food Quality/Taste =  4 Stars
Portion Size Given Price = 2 Stars
Price = 3 Stars
Service = 3 Stars
Experience with Staff = 3 Stars
Decor = 5 StarsDon't go for dinner after 9:00, otherwise you are paying top dollar to hear extremely loud music (DJ) that is impossible to talk over AND to have someone'a back or coat in your food. You have been warned!I love Opa. 
I have been there twice and both times have been delicious.
I am a vegetarian and was very happy with the selections. 
I have been with a pregnant woman and a meat lover and we were all in heaven.
They had great beer choices as well.Extremely rude bartender (10:30pm August 12)... Friend asked for a mojito and he dismissively gestured "no" twice. Then this bro decided to essentially steal money from us by giving us each $1 less than what he should have (I.e., paid $10 for an $8 wine and only received $1 back). Didn't leave a tip as it seemed like he went ahead and took it himself, so I didn't call him out on it, but seriously, what the heck...? Really cold as well, did not care for him at all. The bouncer was a sweetheart, though.We enjoyed our dining experience here at Opa and will most likely return. The saganaki was devine and is a must if you a cheese lover. We ordered the lamb gyro and it was fantastic despite its very small portion. The brussel sprouts had too much oil for my liking. We ordered the roasted chicken and felt that it was pretty flavorless. Ambiance is nice and service was excellent. I would come back and try new things. Defining felt order the lamb gyro if you like lamb.Went for brunch. Food was mediocre at best. Mistakes were made on several orders, some items never arrived or were inedible. Portions small. The waiter nicely took some items off our bill but overall the experience was not good.The happy hour fries are the best I've ever had - melted feta, peppers, onions, and some other spices and seasoning made my friends and I nickname them "crack fries" and they've become a staple ever since I moved to Philly a few months ago.
When it's warm out, there's an outdoor area/beer garden in he back where you can play various games such as connect 4, a ping pong table, and a generally awesome vibe. 
I have yet to have dinner here yet but based on the happy hour food and appetizers, it will be amazing and I can't wait to try it! 
Staff is also friendly and polite, checking in frequently and delivering quickly!Alright let me say this, food and atmosphere, aesthetics are pretty solid. Portions left much to be desired. But the serving staff... While they were nice and meant well, it was like the JV squad, they just didn't seem too competent with timing - we waited a long time for one app, then for the food, and then for them go take cards. And place was about 60% full, nowhere near full or over capacity. Waitstaff was just amateurs, hopefully it'll get better.The 3 dips for the pita were good. i would definitely recommend that. the $13 meat dish in a metal black dish that was basically cheese, macaroni, and ground beef, that was alright. It was way too heavy, I guessl ike a comfort food but it tasted like scalloped potatoes with way too much oil. It was fine till you got nearer the bottom, all that oil just made you feel disgusting. Would definitely recommend you order something else, maybe the gyro?Opa turns into a really interesting night club during the late nights of the weekend. They also have a nice back patio that is enclosed during the winter.Here's the scene: 5:45 on Saturday afternoon, party of 5. We walk into Opa, menu looks good, the place has the windows open for a nice day in the city, the restaurant has a total of ONE table sat. We ask for a table for 5 people, they don't have anything available. I know, I was shocked too. There was literally only 3 patrons (at one table) in the whole restaurant!
Their reasoning is that it was closing in on 7pm, when they would have several larger parties coming in and our party of 5 would conflict with that. I worked as a hostess, so I understand where they are coming from, but to clear out your entire restaurant seems like very poor form
We ended up going to El Vez, caddy corner to Opa, where we were seated right away, ordered several appetizers and drinks, followed by entrees, not in a rush to eat, and we were still done by 7pm.  We walked by Opa after we left Vez and the place was still wide open. 
Poor form!I'm Greek, so when we found a Greek restaurant across the street from our hotel, I couldn't pass it up. Opa is an upscale, trendy place with classic Greek food and American fare with a Mediterranean twist.
It's a small space, so expect to wait a bit for a table. When we were there, the front windows were open and there was live music, which made the inside ambiance even better. The decor is very modern with shades of blue, metal, and wood. The coolest feature was in the bathroom- Greeks are known for breaking plates at celebrations, and the bathroom has a mosaic made up of broken plates. 
My wife had the fluke ceviche, which was very fresh and flavorful, and came with fried pita. It was good without being fishy. My meal was the lamb burger, which was one of the best burgers I've ever had. I'm being partial because growing up Greek, my two favorite dishes that my grandmother made were kefetes, which are zesty Greek meatballs, and Greek Village Salad, which is tomatoes, cucumber, and red onion drowned in olive oil and vinegar. The lamb meat was flavored just like her kefetes mixed with creamy feta cheese, and it was topped with diced tomato, cucumber and red onion flavored just like her Village Salad. Served on a toasted bun, it was my grandmother on a plate. The fries had fresh oregano that was slighted baked to a flaky texture, which made them exceptional. 
I would definitely try Opa again- it was fun, fresh, and made me miss my grandmother's cooking, which isn't an easy feat.Welp, despite a reservation for 4 made a week ahead of time, our hostesses had to scramble getting us sat 20 minutes late (even after we arrived early). We popped into Drury in the back at their request while we waited. Man oh man, I haven't felt so old in a while. I didn't think an age difference of 4 years could make such a difference- every girl at the other picnic tables seemed to be competing with one another on who could be louder and shallower.
Once we were seated and settled back in Opa- a much more dim and quiet atmosphere, my troubles were gone. We tried a lot: the hummus and skordalia, the rabbit, chicken gyro, mushroom pie, village salad, brussel sprouts and hanger steak. General consensus across the board? "Meh, it could have been better." (especially for the price point and area)
As for drinks: their wine selection was awesome. Moderate per glass and bottle pricings and a bunch of Greek wines I hadn't ever heard of. I'd love to stop back in here for a drink and/or cocktail in the ambiance they have. I don't think I'll make it a point to be back for the food.Opa quickly resolved a complaint I had regarding the portion size on their NYE's fixed price menu. Seems like a restaurant that truly cares about keeping its customers happy. Food was high quality and very delicious. Staff had being very courteous.Opa is my current fave bar in the city, but I fear I will need to search for a new one soon. (it's getting exceedingly crowded. good for them.) The cute beer garden* out back and the Koukla cocktail are the top draws for me, and the perfect combo for those warm summer nights.
Service is efficient. (i.e. good, but not super friendly.)
Food is good. (i.e. tasty, Greek-INSPIRED.)
*They need to take out the ping pong table and put in additional benches. Provide decks of cards instead! You're welcome.Really enjoy this place. Solid 3.5 stars! Been here several times, and I love the stylish and sleek vibe. My favorite drink is the Koukla - pineapple vodka, lemon, and lavender. Refreshing, and goes down too easy! Dinner options offer a variety, especially when ordering for a large group. The easiest option is to order some appetizers and share. You may find that you need an extra order of their zucchini chips and their trio of spreads!I've been here 3 times for lunch so far and I've become a fan.  Everything we've had has been good to delicious. I've had wine recommended to me by our server and that has been good as well.  Highlights have been the loukoumades, which are greek beignets. They were so good, I think I could live on them. The winter squash soup was excellent as were the flatbreads.  Only ok were the veal meatballs and a tomato, olive salad that I had once.  The tomatoes were definitely winter tomatoes and I wasn't expecting pits in my olives.  Another disappointment was that they don't serve Bloody Marys.
I would like to come back for dinner sometime as it seems like they have a much larger menu then.  It's never been crowded at lunch time and our service has always been good.This place is wonderful and very low key. I suggest coming here after work to enjoy the happy hour specials and beer garden. My favorite dish thus far has been the pork shoulder and lamb gyro. Get appetizers because the portion sizes are smaller but reasonable.My wife and I have to been to Greece and really enjoyed the way Opa was based on Greek cuisine and had a modern look.
Restaurant decor: Nothing fancy, but an island bar made of stones. The lighting was perfect and made for a great mood. Music wasn't loud, but enough to enjoy. Oh..and beer garden!?
Food: Absolutely great! We tried a bunch of small plates. From saganaki to gyros sliders to keftedes, the taste was great and the portions left us perfectly pleased.
Wines: I'm not a huge wine-drinker. My best attempt at a wine IQ is 'Can I get a riesling?'...to which they had something comparable to. My wife described her palate, and they found something also.
Overall: Great wine. Great food. Great staff. Great place to go to on a nice night!Was craving for Thracian food since I am from the region. Found Opa on yelp and stopped by for dinner. That was amazing food with cool mixture of a bar/restaurant atmosphere. All foods on the pic is recommended (especially raki&tzatziki), it was a feast for me and my gf :)This was my third time at Opa and I've enjoyed it each time. This bar is easy to miss with so many other restaurants within a stone's throw away, but it's solid little spot with really good food and a variety of drinks to suit any palette. They have an outdoor bar in the back which is really cool with table games and heating for cooler nights. But it's usually much too crowded for my comfort. For Sips we chose to sit out on the sidewalk and we were permitted but only with a food purchase. That was okay, since we planned on trying some of the $5 offerings anyway. The grape leaves were fantastic and the drinks were incredibly delicious.Came here with some friends for restaurant week. 
Amazing food, very generous with the serving. The shrimp skewers, meatballs and calamari were amazing! All their dishes were wonderful. We ordered different dishes to share amongst us- you can't go wrong with anything you order. 
Our waitress was also very nice, wonderful atmosphere too.Hello Yelpers-ok so Opa-what can I say.  It's a chill little greek place, that did not require reservations at 7pm on a friday night.  Tonight me and the little lady decided to try this place out for the first time.  So.....
the menu-the appetizers were delicious-they were a good size and contained a great deal of flavor and substance.  
We did not try the main plates or entrees because the menu did not have anything that really seemed to be too appealing for us.  A couple of whole fish dishes, and some other greek favorites.  So this should not appear to be a bad reflection on the entrees-it just didn't appeal to our pallets.
Anyway, we ordered 5 appetizers, which included the lamb meatballs, sausage flatbreads, spinach croquettes, mussels, and pork ribs.  Everything was great, but we would definitely recommend the spinach croquettes and meatballs.  Deff delicious.  Everything was priced appropriately.  Drink were great too!
Anyway, I would recommend!
~~~JP
p.s. Across the street there's a dog store that has wonderful and delicious pig ears, that my little dog really loves :)The food is out of this world. The lamb shank is to die for, and the chicken (which sounds boring) is amazing. Make sure you try their spicy tequila drink - your waiter will know. If he is working, ask for ZackI was excited to try out this Greek spot in the city.  Service was friendly and courteous and the ambience is clean and hip.  They have a nice cheese board and olives, but I was a little disappointed with the Saganaki.  Where was the flair? I think they missed out on an opportunity to have something fun and exciting with this traditional dish.  Instead of plopping a plate of melted cheese down on the table, they should set it ablaze to cheers of "opa!" in front of diners.  The entrees were good, but nothing spectacular.  I might return, but I might not. I think it is best suited to apps and drinks.This is the second small party event that I have held at Opa and it was amazing!  The first party was around 20-25 people, this one was smaller (~7 people).  Communication from the staff is wonderful.  They pay close attention to detail about your party, what they'd like to eat, and how to structure the menu.  Servers are extremely attentive to the entire party and for large parties, they have multiple people to assist.
To share a bit, I have provided our menu below...
First Course:
Variety of spreads - Hummus, Tzatziki, Feta Spread
Second Course:
-Village Salad
-Saganaki
-Kalamari
-Octopus (cooked to perfection - which is hard to do!!)
-Pork Souvlakia (Skewers)
Main:
-Shrimp & Feta Bucatini
-Pastitsio
-Salmon
-Lamb Chops
-Zuchini Orzo (new dish - amazing flavor!!)
The lamb chops were a huge hit with the crowd, but overall they loved absolutely everything.  An added touch was the pre-printed menus with the selections on it.  The wait staff, general manager, and all of the employees were incredibly professional and attentive and I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a party or even a dinner for 2!  The food is fabulous, great for both vegetarians and meat eaters alike...They have really stepped up their food game over the last 6 months and I continue to be impressed!!  I will definitely becoming back.If you like Greek food and know what it should taste like, DON'T EAT HERE!! Place is a rip off, the amount of food for the price is horrible and doesn't even taste like traditional Greek food. The only thing that was Greek was a rock that said Thank you in English/Greek placed on the check. Don't eat here!!A friend of mine, who's cousins opened this modern Greek restaurant in the heart of Center City Philadelphia, took me here just a few weeks after it opened...and I'm thrilled to see how successful it has become since its opening. I'm not crazy about tapas restaurants, but the food here is truly fantastic...not to mention the wines! Service has always been very good, the waitstaff work well together and have always been professional and friendly. I highly recommend it! They tend to blast the music a little too loud after hours for my personal tastes, but you can't beat the quality of food and service here!This is right in the middle of 'Midtown Village' and close to the Convention Center, the Marriott and Lowes hotels.  It has a very active bar scene after work, but we went for dinner. Everything is shareable and good.
- The Greek salad was a good size and a good start
- Always LOVE the Saganáki! (and they give you a generous portion with pita...)  
- The Fried Zucchini (Patatákia Kolokithioú) is a visual treat and is served with Tzatziki.  Yum!
- Next, we had the slow braised lamb (Arní Stámnas) and it was also delicious.  
- Of course, we finished our meal with a Baklava, again great.
Food and service were fine (even for a crowded Friday night)
Music was loud, but most of the patrons are 20's and 30's, so.............
Great dining experience for us!I'm disappointed with the menu. We ordered the gyro and it was lack luster, tasted fatty, and came in a pair. It was not good. Sorry, I usually love this place.The ambience/decor and bar is really modern and classy. Nice place to get a drink. It was not too loud so was good for conversations . We ordered the octopus, different spreads as the small plates and the stuff pepper entree.  The food was just ok, average greek food. It was good but not amazing. There is also a cute back patio but you can't get the full menu there.  Would probably just come for drinks next time and not dinner.This was a good place.  The atmosphere was nice and the waiter was very good. Most importantly, we enjoyed the food!The bouncer here is rude, unfair and unprofessional will humiliate you when you did nothing wrong. This is not the first time this happens. Check other reviews.  **Manager never reply to my email. No apologies no nothing.  This is the email I wrote to the manager.  It's been weeks so I thought I should share this. 
I'm writing to you because I had the worst and the most humiliating experience at Opa on Friday July 15. First, I would like to tell you that I'm one of the most loyal customer there. I've been here uncountable times since the place opens.  I participated many events in the past, happy hours, sips, hosted surprised birthday party for a friend and brought over 20 people and even countdown on New Years with you.
This past Friday night I went to Opa with a guy friend. My friend happened to know two guys that sit at the bar so we sat with them. I ordered a drink and we took one shot. We started talking then they started to become rude to me. I raised my voice but it wasnt that loud because no one else looked up or even notice.  The bouncer came and asked me to keep it down.  I said sorry.  People that was around there said to me that I wasnt loud and dont know why the bouncer was giving me a hard time. I continued my conversation with two rude guys to clear things up with them before I moved on.  About 5 mins later the bouncer came back again and asked me to leave.  He said I disturbed everyone there and I have to leave now.   I told him these two guys should leave because they were rude to us and Im trying to defence myself.  The bouncer said they are his friends, they are regulars, they have right to stay and I am not. The bouncer didnt listen to what I have to say then threat to call cops.  so we left.  We are so confused why I was being treated like this. Two people happened to walk out at the same time I escorted out. They felt bad for me and saw what happened.  I did nothing wrong. I was sober. I wanted to start a night at Opa. I go out 3-4 times a week all over the city and never once have any problems. I always respect servers, bartenders etc. I always tip well since I used to work in the industry.  I felt so humiliating and embarrassing.  I don't think I want to step into Opa anytime soon.   Hopefully those two guys will no longer be your regular and have better type of people to be your regular.  As long as this bouncer guy there I will not step in and I will make sure no one I know will go here. I don't want people I care about have to go through like me.   I'm sorry I have to write about this.  I love this place. Other than this situation. I love your food, your drinks and the service.I'm a little ambivalent on tapas - you get to try more things...but you have to pay more money to get smaller portions of those things. Can't quite tell if I enjoy that. So this place is kind of like Greek tapas. I was hungry, but not starving, so my husband and I chose to get 3 things and share those (and we could have ordered more if we were still hungry). We went with an eggplant and pita appetizer - texture was good but the eggplant was a little bitter. Pita was fresh and very tasty. We also got a shrimp salad which was good - nice grilled shrimp, tomatoes, thin cheese...just a very small portion. We shared all 3 shrimp... Finally we got a gyro platter with lamb (very tender), small pieces of pita, tzatziki sauce, tomatoes, and fries. All pieces of that portion were very good. I also got a cocktail that the waitress said was like "Greek tequila." Spot-on description, but a good strawberry-flavored drink. 
Overall I would say I was full after our meal, though the total bill was a little high for drinks and a few tapas. That's the problem with tapas - two entrees at another restaurant might have actually been cheaper? The food was good though and the server was pleasant. Nice, dark ambiance as well.Me and my husband throughly enjoyed our meal here. Warm pita, fresh salad ! Service was great !1. reservation for 3 made. upon arrival, "sorry we only have 2 menus," it was a sheet of paper. really? couldn't print more?
2. cars exiting parking structure across sansom shine piercing headlights into your face
3. can you say small portions!
4. striped bass was undercooked and when told, "that doesn't look like it's undercooked" 
5. should be renamed "Opa Sporting Club"  half the clientele came in sweaty in tank-tops and gym shorts. 
6. server disappeared to hang out with gym buddies
7. lots of Ikea decor, literally... not that there's anything wrong with that, but not with those prices on the menu please.One of the best meals I have had in Philly. Hands down, excellent.
We started with the watermelon feta salad, followed by lamb and crab gyros, and finished with homemade baklava. My friends and I were so impressed with the incredible but not overdone flavors with these dishes.Highly Recommend, the best Octopus Salad in the City, Better than Estia.
Good Prices, Good Menu, Good Portions.
The Ambience and Decor were a nice addition to the Good Food.
Will definetely go back againBar scene dominates dining room. Very noisy. Good dietary choices. Decent food. Nice wait staff.Opa has gone from a bar that serves greek food to a greek restaurant that happens to have a cool bar and outdoor beer garden. A new chef came in about a year ago and revamped the restaurant menu using top notch ingredients. Now one of the top restaurants in the city. Oh and they have an awesome beer garden next door.I went for dinner once, ordered a couple appetizers. They were not memorable at all. Besides that, I have had several excellent experiences at Opa by doing the following: Stop in here with a group of 2-4, before or after a meal, and walk STRAIGHT to the back. Out back you'll find a well-decorated beer-garden with craft beers, games like Connect Four and Jenga, and a ping pong table. Crowd is mostly preppy - friendly, relatively sober, and pleasing to look at. I haven't found a more relaxing happy hour in the city yet.Sometimes they just close the men's bathrooms and then there's actually no place for men to go to the bathroom. So that's fun.Loved the tubes as I walked in. 
Decent food but very small portions. My lamb gyro was two mini cones...I was very hungry and hoping for a phattie gyro instead I was able to eat it in four bites. 
I'd recommend as a precursor to a meal. Don't go an expect to fill your belly.Went here last night and this place has been open less than a week, so I will revisit when they get the kinks worked out. My initial observations are that the decor and ambiance of the place is quite pleasing - a bit noisy, but not too bad. The layout of the tables along the back banquette needs some work because it is too crowded and awkwardly placed. Without a diagram - difficult to explain, but you can't push your chair out without bumping into the side of other diners. 
For food, we ordered the cheese pastry, souvlakis (all kinds), octopus with chickpeas, mezze (hummus and other spreads), the Greek burger, side of potatoes, a biscotti, Greek coffee, and dough balls. The only thing good worth mentioning was the octopus and chickpeas, which was really a delight. The side of potatoes was AWFUL - one of the worst things that I have been served in a restaurant - overpowered by lemon, drowned in oil, not browned - complete mush. The burger was flavorful, but not cooked medium rare as requested, fries were sub-par (oily, mushy, like they had been sitting too long), pork souvlaki was good, chicken souvlaki was pitiful, small, and overcooked. Desserts were not that exciting and way overpriced. All in all - not remarkable. 
In addition, the drinks service needed some work last night. They conveniently ran out of the delightful lower-priced wine we were enjoying and had no other options in the "not exorbitant" price range. It also took way too long to get drinks and water glasses were rarely refilled. 
We complained about the things we thought could be improved and the management comped a few things on our bill, which was a good sign. This place is about 15% more expensive than it should be and they are definitely working out some issues. I will definitely go back and I wish them luck. It would be a really cute place to grab a drink and some snacks at the bar - love the look of the place.Great spot in mid-town.  I've only gone for drinks so I cannot speak to the food.  There is a great little beer garden out back which is perfect for the weekend afternoon or an after work happy hour.  At night they have a good crowd too.   Bathrooms are clean and the staff is pretty quick to take care of you.  Good place to go out in Philly.We had such a blast we'd give Opa 10 stars if we could...
Go here with a bunch of friends, order one of everything that sounds good and pass your selections around for all to enjoy, savor and discuss.
Every item we tried was incredibly awesome. Here were some of our favorites...
Octopus, where have you ever seen this on the menu? Now I have had it at a sushi restaurant, raw, where its cold, tasteless and chewy. But this was an ample serving that was warm, flavorful and tender. We passed it around for all to taste, marvel and enjoy. Delish!
Then we had the pear appetizer which was sugarized pears on top of a cracker with feta cheese and a spread of fig jam. You only get two, and they are hard to share, so try this and get more if you liked them.
Next we tried the Melitzanosalata, which is an eggplant spread that was prepared in three samples, one a paste made from the eggplant rind, one was the eggplant middle and the last was made from both. Came with a fresh handmade pita.
We also ordered the Village salad which was a mixture of heirloom tomatoes, cucumber, kalamata olives, and barrel aged feta in a light vinegar dressing. So good we ordered two.
The lamb gyros were good, you get two, but these were a little smaller than the gyros you usually find at a Greek restaurant. My hanger steak with parsley pesto was perfectly cooked and very flavorful. The Soutzoukakia, which is pork and beef kabobs was good as well. Portions are on the light side, almost tapas sized.
To top it off, they had a fantastic selection of beers. Not a large selection, but what they had was a best in each category. Try the Southern Tier Creme Brulee stout for a delicious treat.
For desert we all shared a flakey baklava topped with real vanilla ice cream that was apparently made by the owners mother-in-law.
The decore is trendy and our server was very friendly and attentive.
Thanks for the great experience!Attended a friends birthday brunch and it was great! We felt like we had the place to ourselves, server was so attentive. Food was delicious. Will be back to try it for dinner!The bartender was very sweet. Wine was good. Chicken gyro was awesome but the meatballs looked grey and the ravioli sauce tasted funny. Overall I give the place 3 stars.Coulda been cool. No specials and bad bartenders out back at drury. I'd give it another shot thoI'm a big fan of Greek food and was looking forward to trying the newest addition to Philadelphia's collection of Greek restaurants. My birthday provided the perfect opportunity, so I headed here with a group of 7 friends on a Thursday evening. Last year's birthday dinner at Kanella was a great success, so I was hoping to recreate the experience. 
Opa was good, but did not meet my expectations. The space is small and was slightly cramped where we were seated, to the side of the bar. The decor is nice and not the classic, traditional Greek look, but still gives off a Mediterranean vibe. Service was pretty inattentive, especially as we were such a large party. It took a long time to get water and order drinks, we had to track down our waitress for refills, and food was slow to come out. The food here would need to be pretty awesome for me to forgive the mediocre service and atmosphere. 
Unfortunately, the food doesn't approach "awesome." Everything we tried was fine, but nothing was particularly exciting or innovative. The table shared several appetizers, and we definitely enjoyed these more than the entrees. The grilled octopus was a highlight and was served with a side of delicious chickpeas. The horiatiki and spinach croquettes were fine - somewhat small portions for the price (4 croquettes, a small salad), and not particularly noteworthy. I enjoyed the dips that came with the spread pikilia, especially the delicious tzatziki, but it came with much too little pita for the dips - and you are charged for extra pita (this is not explicit on the menu, but previous Yelpers had given me a heads-up). I split the Brizola (rib-eye steak) with Lauren H. We ordered it medium rare but were given a fairly well-done steak. It was OK - not particularly well-seasoned. It did come with very yummy vegetables. I don't even remember what the other members of our party ordered, which tells you how memorable everything else was.
I love Greek food and had high hopes for Opa, but it's not getting added to my regular rotation. It might be a nice place to stop in for a cocktail at the bar, but there are many better options for Greek food.**disclaimer**
I am rating Opa's off of their drury beer garden in the "backyard" of their restaurant. 
This is such a cute and quaint space which is great for bar hopping or sips in the summer time. I recently went (in the fall) and they had heated lamps along with a cute campfire that was perfect for our girls night out! It heated the night right up for us. The ambience is great with their Christmas tree lights and connect four set up on the picnic tables. There is limited seating so plan ahead if you come with a larger crowd. Their drinks were good but a tad pricy. I ordered their red cider sangria and paid $10 for a small cup. Overall, I would definitely come back again for the ambience and cozy set up!4th of July 8pm we asked for a table for 4 and were right away seated. Nice interior with a dominating bar in the middle. They are specialist in small shareable plates greek style - called Meze. The server used the name Tapas which are Spanish small plates - but also in Europe;-). Service was very friendly and fast. They have a Cava for $38 a bottle on the wine list which is nice. Cava is a sparkling wine from Spain made in the traditional method  of Champagne. A very good alternative to the French Champagne price-wise. We ordered a bunch of stuff - a Tzatziki (typical greek dip), some olives, fried artichokes, grilled asparagus, some fries, mussels, watermelon salad and a cheese board. Everything was presented nice and tasted great. My favorite were the watermelon salat (with feta) - very refreshing and the cheese board with a good selection of greek style cheese. We finished with a Baklava (with nut-almond-honey-filling) which was very sweet - how Baklavas have to be in Arab countries. Good spot would go again.Decor was beautiful in this place. It has a very young, hip, modern feel.  They also have a really nice looking bar in center and the specialty drinks sound really good.
We got the greek-ified french fires that were too salty. 
Koukla had pineapple vodka, lemon and lavender. It was very refreshing and that was the highlight. 
Antho(cucumber vodka, lemon, dill) was delicious. It was on the sweet side. 
Service was great, efficient and nice. Best thing to come here for is for their cocktails.Opa was a great experience. The Greek tapas were amazing. I did not have anything I did not like. The spanakopita was out of this world; I would come back just for that. The service was also great. I liked how the different tapas came out at different times instead of all at once. As far as convenience of getting there, there is also parking right across the street in a parking garage that is relatively inexpensive for the area. Overall, a great time!GREAT SERVICE!
opa is great for groups or individuals. I went to the outside bar for a work happy hour and went to the indoor bar with a small group to enjoy the happy hour. The bartender was fabulous and very attentive considering how busy she was... no complaints here!They changed their menu yesterday and got rid of all of their good food. I don't know why they changed everything as their menu before was okay. I used to get an appetizer sampler plate with olives, feta, hummus and pita but they don't offer that anymore. When I asked if they could whip something comparable up, considering they still had the same ingredients, they told me it was not possible. They simply refused to make me a plate of feta, olives, and pita. After having to ask 3 times they then gave me a side of feta that tasted like goat cheese (which I hate). Apparently they are changing to a more "tapas style" cuisine and recommend 3-5 dishes per person at around $7 a piece. It's insane. The portions are so small and so bland and tasteless. Plus, there are hardly any options for vegetarians. In all honesty, I will not come here again. If you're reading this, Opa, please go back to the old menu. Your restaurant will surely close down soon if you do not.I am a regular customer here, and the quality of the food explains it all!! I think I've tried "most" of the food here, and I've never had a bad time. Try to come in during weekdays cuz it's always crowded during weekends!Absurd service. We got here for our 9:00pm reservation. 30 mins later and we're still waiting. I don't care how good the food is. This is ridiculous.This was so disappointing! So first, I have to clarify this review by saying that the happy hour food was delicious and the bartender in the beer garden was really nice! Unfortunately, the inside bartender was completely rude to me and my friends and ruined our experience at Opa. In addition to not being particularly attentive (which would not have left bitter feelings), he literally snatched a beer away from me because he didn't notify me that happy hour had ended early on his clock (though still before 7pm). Unprompted rudeness in general is unappreciated... But there was no reason for him to behave so unprofessionally.
Safe to say, I will not be recommending Opa to friends or otherwise. There are enough well- qualified people out there who are friendly... Opa would benefit from hiring one of them!This review is for happy hour only.
While the prices are not the best in the city, this happy hour is well worth visiting. A ginger rum cocktail was strong and satisfying. I moved onto some rose cava which was poured by a very generous bartender.  
We ordered some snacks from the happy hour menu which were small but flavorful.  The meatballs were tender and there were three of them.  The slider was tasty but too tiny to even fit on the slider bun.  I also ordered 1 of the surf and turf skewers.  It took 45 minutes and was so sad and tiny that I felt silly having waited for it.  I don't know what I expected for a dollar so my dissapointment was probably self inflicted.
It isn't the best but it's far from the worst.  I'd go back for happy hour again.Great little trendy place for a drink or two and an appetizer! Try the zucchini chips and mini gyro their amazing!Our first restaurant week stop.  The roasted winter squash was to die for.  Salmon cooked perfectly.  The Greek "donuts" were delicious with a unique spicy banana and Nutella spread. We are coming to back to explore more!!!The food and drink is nothing outstanding. It's a solid bar and restaurant but there are better places around the city.
The mussels appetizer was good, but the service is absolutely terrible so I'm downgrading it from 4 stars to 3.Came for dinner recently and had a pretty swell experience. The service was great. Our waiter was really helpful and everything came out pretty quick. The place has a well designed atmosphere with a pretty unique layout. Everything feels very fitting and well done to this place but just a few unsuccessful menu items. 
I'd say we ordered wrong and should have gone for more of the traditional greek items. We were curious about some of the more adventurous items they had to add some creative twists to mediterranean but a lot of them fell short. I love what they were trying to do, but they can probably narrow the menu to the real star dishes. 
We were very interested to see how they did gyro with crab and got that. It was unfortunately not very favorful at all besides the spicy sauce and didn't taste fresh. We got a feta spread and added it on top which helped give it some taste. The spread was great. I do think it was an odd garnish choice to put a whole charred green onion on every pita that came out. It presented nicely, but was useless and got in the way. Also should bring more than one pita with a dip (pita was very fresh and delicious though). We tried to the wild boar ragu as well which was very tasty, but the egg noodles it came with were just a solid unflavored hardened block mostly. You can tell they know how to cook red meat so know to go for that more next visit.
We were there during sips so our drinks were probably not as good as they usually are. They were loaded with simple syrup so were too sweet and artificial tasting. We tried some of the sips apps as well which were are very tasty. The fries were surprisingly the best of what we got with a unique great seasoning. the stuffed grape leaves weren't the best I've had, but still satisfying. the chicken skewers had a really well developed sauce, but the chicken was pretty undercooked unfortunately.
I've seen their other more traditional plates and love everything else about the place, so thats why they're still getting a nice handful of stars. I would just order better than we did. I know not to fully judge the place based on going during sips. I will absolutely still be back at a less busy time and attack that fava bean hummus and octopus instead next time.Went to Opa on a Monday night and it had just finished raining. Needless to say they weren't very busy. The service was quick, friendly, and informative.
The appetizer portions are tapas style and meant to be shared so definitely order a few. We had the following apps:
Octopus - Excellent
Saganaki - Very good; Fried cheese can't be bad right?
Gyros - Good; Only 3 included and we were a party of 4 and after all it's still just a tiny gyro.
Keftedes - Excellent
The entrees were really great. We shared a special lamb shank dish with orzo and spinach (huge portion) and the house made black pasta with shrimp. Both of these were fantastic and I was surprised by how good the black pasta was.
So now there's yet another contender for good Greek food in Philadelphia and a great addition to the midtown area. 
I am allowed to write in a review of Opa that I still think Kanella is better?After hearing mixed reviews about the service we thought we would give it a try given its Center City location and outside bar option.  Let's just say...don't waste your time if you're looking for a well managed bar/restaurant.  The food was decent but the service lacked organization, good customer service and forgotten orders - not to mention the failed attempts of staff to bring small plates to our table after asking three different times.  Such a missed opportunity for a restaurant in a hot and trendy part of the city.With Center City Sips in full swing (we think, otherwise, the CC interns were out in full force), my party of 4 headed to Opa last night. The hostess could not find our reservation, but remarked she specifically remembered taking it. She nicely sat us at a table and we were so grateful! We started with the spread platter (amazing, but needs more pita), the mini gyros (cute), the octopus (I like Dmitri's better) and the men at our table shared some kind of offal appetizer, which they said was great. I had the chicken, over a bed of couscous, green beans and sundried tomatoes. It was good, (I do wish there was more chicken for the price) but the real star of the show was my cocktail. I had some lemon vodka lavender number. And then had two more....they went down so easily! For two couples to have apps, dinner and drinks, it was 200 bones. A little steep, I think, but we all agreed we loved our meal!Was here for a birthday dinner over the weekend. We ordered the fried artichokes, mussels, charcuterie board, mahi mahi and lamb gyro to share. We also had the recommended dessert which was a chocolate infused bread pudding which was really the best dish of all. Everything was very good and the atmosphere was lively around the bar. The servers and staff were nice and I'd absolutely come back.So, I dropped in here with a friend after work yesterday. Service was good. The Spread Appetizer that we got was good, as were the spinach croquettes but neither was anything I left raving about. My martini -- with rye vodka and blood orange was a little expensive and not quite as good as I had expected. Overall the experience was okay. I am glad I went but probably will not return. Too many other options to try...