Visited for the first time yesterday, and enjoyed every bite! Had the Asian chicken salad, adding a salmon filet...delicious! My daughter had a pizza burger which she commented on how good it was throughout the meal (and she's picky!)..son had childrens spag/meatballs which were huge...we didn't need the extra which I was told by friendly server Diane, and my sons friend had the childrens grill cheese...I kept wanting to take a bite of it..it looked so good! Fries were the lumpy crispy kind and perfect! I was too full for dessert, which was disappointing because there were so many displayed up front....we decided to take 2 apple turnovers home, with cookies the boys ate up on the way. Overall delicious, prices affordable ....we will definitly be back!"Standard", "adequate" and "typical" are all appropriate descriptors for the Oregon Diner. 
It is indeed South Philly. The waitress will call you "hon". 
- If this is your first foray into the city or S. Philly, you may not like the Oregon Diner.
- If you like diners and satisfying inexpensive meals, you may like the Oregon Diner. 
Seriously, not to dress up a chimp but it's a diner, nothing more - nothing less. I can't over emphasize that. Is it going to have a greasy, no-frills quality to it? Probably. It's good for what diners are good for - breakfast. It's cheap and fast. It's not the kind of a place you would, oh I don't know....split hairs over a french fry charge.
For me, I wouldn't go to any other diner in S. Philly.Had not been here in years, was looking forward to taking my family here.  What a disappointment.  Nice sized portions, but my hot sandwhich was lukewarm, server was never around, we had to ask for water each and every time any of us wanted refills.  I would not go back.I've eaten here a few different times over the past few months and it hit me last night how great this place really is.  The food is well portioned and priced very very well for a 24 hour diner.  The diner is clean and the staff is very nice.  Obviously, they are an interesting group in the middle of the night, but very nice.  You also definitely know you're in South Philly here.  It does kill me that they don't make eggs benedict, but no diners in Philly seem to.  Another positive is the Oregon Diner sits on 2 24 hours SEPTA routes, the 47 & the G.  It's worth it.I had the turkey, roasted red pepper and cheddar wrap.  It was excellent.  There was a ton of tirkey.  The only bad thing I can say is that I would have preferred more peppers in it.  Hubby had the French toast.  He said it was very good.  MAK had the bison burger was very juicy and cooked perfectly.  The staff was very friendly and it is very clean.  We will be back.Hey, 3 Stars still isn't bad.
This place is huge, so there is plenty of seating.  We were seated instantly, and they accommodated us in wanting to sit near a window so we can keep an eye on the car.
The menu is huge and the prices are cheap.
I went with a tuna melt and my mom the scrambled egg with scrapple.  Both were delicious, and the portions were large.  I took my other half to go.  The clam chowder was questionable, (not sure if they were REAL clams) and the chocolate milk had way too much chocolate syrup, but the tuna melt was out of this world.
I can tell its one of those places where you have to remember what is good and what isn't, so you can warn your friends later.  :)
The service was great though.  I'd DEFINITELY come back here.  
PS:  Their pastry/cookie section by the register looks out of this world.  I'm a sucker for good Italian cookies.its a south philly diner - you can imagine what to expect, and i like it here. i just like diners. i love the huge menus, friendly service, and low prices!Given that I don't own a car, I can't indulge my snobbery and cross the bridge whenever I feel the urge for cheap diner food.  I have finally steeled my resolve and tried the trifecta of South Philly diners.  First up, Oregon Diner.
Now, when you go to a diner you have to expect certain things.  One, this is not gourmet food or a fancy establishment.  Two, it will be greasy.  Three, there will be some really interesting people both serving you and eating in the diner.
File the two homeless folks (one in the parking lot and one sitting in the vestibule of the diner) under "interesting people".  You could also include my waitress, who interrogated me about my choice of condiments (gruffly but without any ill will).  That said, she did keep my water full and deliver exactly what I ordered.
The food was as expected - a big portion of greasy breakfast goodness than only set me back $4.75.  Not going to win any awards but it easily erased the last vestiges of a night of excess.  I bought some of the Easter bread, too, which was pretty good.
Overall, Oregon Diner will get the job done when you want diner food.  However, dodging homeless people to get in is not my cup of tea, so on to the next competitor.I had high hopes for the Oregon Diner.  A classic South Philly institution.  The place where former mob boss, Nicky Scarfo, actually killed a man.  
I was disappointed by the establishment.  Nearly everything inside and out is cookie cutter.  The only thing that looks authentic is the iconic sign outside.  
I ordered the bacon cheeseburger deluxe.  This is the litmus test of any diner.  Every diner should be able to do this one dish well.  The beef patty was totally bland.  No seasoning whatsoever.  The bun was totally stale and unloved.  There were two very thin measly pieces of bacon and cheese that was barely melted.  I took about two precarious bites before it totally fell apart.  There was no way I could possibly eat this without looking like an animal.  My hands were totally sticky and greasy from the food - no amount of napkins could correct this.  
Thankfully, the industrial strength fries were nearly edible.  
Also, I sat at the counter and it was totally sticky and gummy.  I found this out the hard way when my elbow was nearly covered with grease after touching the counter.Felt like having a lot of food on the cheap so decided to go to Oregon Diner.  Haven't been to this place in over three years when I had a later work schedule and would come for the mega breakfast (that did double duty for leftover lunch).  Not much has changed, however, it did appear to be much brighter and cleaner than I last remembered.  I bought my sister as my dining companion.  Got the munchie plate as an appetizer, this is really an entrée with all the heaping food, chicken fingers, wing dings, etc.  I only ordered this because it was to be my lunch for the next day.  Everything on this plate was pretty good, however, I thought it used to be fried clams on it too.  Oh well!!  Anyway, they have a rotating selections of daily specials but you can always order off the menu.  I got the broiled seafood stuffed combo and sis got the fried flounder.  I must say, everything tasted fresh and broiled just perfectly.  I even had leftovers.  Sis was full after eating her salad and stocked up on the cornbread so she took her fish home so I cant give her opinion on her food.  I upped my dinner meal to a combo and got a dessert too (to go).    Two meals, two unlimited sodas, one appetizer and dessert----less than $50 bucks!!  Way to go!!  Now I have to treat my other sis too, so I will be coming back!!I come here a couple times a week after work, and it's always been great experience. The waiters are very nice, and attentive. The only problem I've ever had there was when I ordered a chicken cheesesteak, the roll broke in half as it was stale and the chicken seemed to be very tough. Prices are anywhere above 7 bucks which isn't too bad but I do with they had some cheaper options.Returned to the Oregon Diner for the first time in a few years and was pleased to see that NOTHING has changed!  Same hostess (does she ever age?! lol), same food (although updated menus), same decor.   I just love it.   It's soooooooo South Philly and the whole nostalgia of the place is what makes it for me.  Diner food is diner food, but it's all about the experience.  You don't go to a diner and order the surf-n-turf.  You get breakfast food, sandwiches, lunch specials, dessert, etc.  If you want surf-n-turf, there are plenty of steak houses in Philly.  
This is the perfect place for LOCAL SOUTH PHILADELPHIANS.  We sit down, have our food, and relax for an hour or 2 without EVER feeling rushed out.  
The Oregon makes complete sense to us.  Everyone else probably just doesn't get it. It's a South Philly thing. :)The Oregon Diner meets all standard diner expectations. The food is reliable, with some hits and some misses on the menu. Breakfast never disappoints. The coffee is always fresh, plentiful, and good enough. The baked goods always look tempting. 
Service is fantastic. Even when the diner is packed, you can be sure those drink refills will come, and you'll get your check quickly but never be rushed out the door.
All in all, a reliable diner with reliable food. No complaints here.I've been coming to this diner for years now, and its a place I come to for a late dinner or early breakfast. The food is decent and the portions are big. I never really order anything out of the norm, just my regular yummy breakfast..Just went for the first time tonight with my girlfriend!  Damn!  The breakfast so good.  Our waitress Nicole was so personable and they even gave us free cookies at the end.  Definitely coming back hereNothing incredible about this place. In fact, it's definitely come up from the days when it used to be a little scummy. It's just less scummy now. The food is fine, the service is decent and the prices are fair.
The desserts in the case look pretty good, but I don't have much a sweet tooth.
You'll probably end up here when the Penrose is closed... which they tend to be at inexplicable times and days. And for that, I tip my hat to Oregon which is consistently open all the damned time at every hour.Stopped by because it looked popular and we were hungry. I was honestly pretty let down for a few reasons. I ordered a chicken Caesar wrap and the chicken was bland and dry and I had to pick a majority of it for it to even be edible. I also had to ask for extra dressing. My wrap came with fries but my boyfriend's burger did not, which I thought was odd. The ketchup bottle at my table and at the group table next to us was almost empty, which I guess is just poor planning. The waitress was friendly but at one point she took away my water to refill it and never gave it back. When I mentioned it she didn't hear me I guess and walked away. Probably wouldn't go back considering the prices and mediocre qualityGood service, good food, good price. Pancakes and pasta are better than we thought. Make sure to try their monthly specialThe consistency of omelettes in good diners is astounding.  I've had the same Western omelette two thousand times at the Blue Fountain, or the Golden Dawn, and now here at the Oregon.  In this crazy world, filled with uncertainty and chaos, I truly thank god for the simple, unchanging pleasures of disgusting diner food like this available 24/7.
On the way out, check out the muffins that look like they were baked in nuclear reactors and the cashier bedazzled in cubic zirconia.  God bless America.  Honestly.Second time I tried a different diner and got up and left to come back to the best diner in Philadelphia! The rest of them suck just come here the first time!!My girlfriend took me here very late one night, we got seated right away.  Our server was polite and checked on us several times.  You must try the Veggie burger and fries.  Fries were crispy and fresh, It also came with a side of coleslaw that was really good and fresh.  I got a pickle X2 because I love them!  I have been trying to find a Veggie burger that comes close in comparison for 6 months, alot of place don't have Veggie burgers, just turkey burgers, blah.  
Meal was priced right, I love this diner!Big menu, good food, good service, cheap drinks. 
Decor is a typical diner, so don't expect anything fancy.  The menu is big, like really big, however the breakfast portion of the menu is pretty small which is strange for a diner.  The place is big which is nice since there is rarely a wait even at busy times.  Overall, its one of my favorite spots for late night diner food or weekend breakfasts.
The case of baked goods by the checkout always looks delicious.Do not go here. My last visit I found a hair in my food. They remade my order, and that also came with hair in the food. I dumbly decided after a long boycott to stop in because I was near by and starving. Dumb choice. They brought me apple sauce that tasted like pickles. I ordered a simple meal and then they told me no grits. So I switched my order to French toast with eggs and bacon. They added some hashbrowns and toast I immediately ask the waitress wait what about my french toast. She was like oh the hasbrowns they just gave you. I guessed same for the toast  WRONG. My bill comes and they've charged me for two meals. Smh. I should have listened to my instinct and got Popeyes  NEVER AGAINWhy is everything so damn bland here?  I am a Philadelphian; I don't go to diners for their quaintness or charm or anything dumb like that.  I go for cheap food.  Oregon Diner isn't inedible, but it is not really good either.  
Penrose, Melrose, and Atlantic Diners are all much better than here.  The advantage of the Oregon diner is that it's quite large.  
If you have a choice, skip Oregon and to another diner.I came into this diner with high hopes from a recommendation by a friend. I came with in a group of 5. Interior is average diner looks, clean, we were promptly seated.
The prices are pretty cheap for the amount of food. However the quality of the food is not so good.
French Onion Soup - delicious
Bread Basket Cornbread - tasty
Roasted Turkey Dinner w/gravy and side of Fries - disgusting
Rugula (purchased at counter) - bangin
My turkey dinner arrived, the gravy was flavorless and just made the fries mush. My turkey was a yellow-gray color, dry, and tasted like leather. I think the stuffing was ok but I barely touched it under my questionable turkey. 
This is what I usually get at diners and I was sad, but willing to order something else. However the waitress never came to check on us, or fill our drinks, until we were done eating and it was time to give us the check. At this time I told her I didn't enjoy (or eat) my meal, and she offered a replacement meal but at this point I didn't even want to try anything else.
Thankfully I was refunded. However when we went to go pay at the register, we were told we couldn't split the check up there and we would have to sit back down. Confused, we stood there for a moment as a manager huffily came over and split the checks for us. It wouldn't have been that big of a deal considering we each ordered one meal and one drink to just charge each credit card, but I digress.
2 stars for the crappy service, gross turkey, and pissy manager. If you want a good diner go to Jersey.A typical East Coast Dinner. Great menue, lovely pastries in South Philly favorite. Louise our server was very attentive and friendlyBy far the Oregon diner is one of my favorite places to eat. They have a wide variety of food selections in addition to daily specials.  You can get soup and salads, sandwiches, full dinners, desserts and even enjoy a drink or two from the bar.   I enjoy eating here with my family, friends and even coworkers.  They can accommodate one person dining and large parties equally well. The food is served in a timely manner and the waitresses are generally friendly prompt and they do a great job. They make some of the best soups you'll eat. Their pastries and desserts are outstanding. I've never had a meal at this diner that I didn't enjoy. I would highly recommend the Oregon Diner.I have been living in PA for 3 months. This is 100%, without a doubt the worst food I've had... Probably in the last 5 years.I love the Oregon Diner for breakfast and late night eating.  Big portions and good prices.  I like some of their dinner specials too.  The service is usually good.This place is great, but not on account of the service.  I came in on Saturday with my boyfriend for some breakfast.  We were seated and ordered not long after.  I had a fruit bowl and poached eggs.  The boyfriend had a spinach salad with chicken on top, and french onion soup.  The food came out quickly, and looked and tasted fantastic.  My eggs were slightly overdone, but i was hungry and not overly particular.  
When our food landed though, our waitress went AWOL.  We had to hunt down another server to grab us some silverware.  We didn't see her again for close to an hour.  We had stuff to do, and were getting really sick of sitting there trying to find her.  We finally added up in our head what the check should be and brought cash up to the register.  The register chick went to find our waitress (smoking out back), which made me feel REALLY uncomfortable when I went to leave a tip.  I almost shouldn' t have tipped her...but i really hate to do that.  
All in all, this place is a great lil spot, but the service is just what you expect from a diner.  Bummer...So first - food here is very good (breakfast foods especially) - they have gotten much better over the years as I had stopped going here over the food a few years back. So A+ there.
Now - if the food is so good, why 3 stars? The servers are really hit-or-miss. Some are very good, attentive and personable. Others are downright terrible. It's gotten to the point at this place where some of the wait staff make you feel as if you are bothering them, not a fan of that. Very common for a waitress to legit walk away in the midst of taking an order, etc. 
Food is on point - need to work on the rest.This is how dinner at Oregon Diner goes - 
Me:Yo, you wanna go out to eat.
MK: Yeah, where you want to go?
Me: Um I dunno.
MK: Hmmmm
AWKWARD THINKING SILENCE
ME: So we're going to the diner?
MK: Yeah.
It's like this default place where everything is adequate and expected.  The menu is the standard diner menu and the service is quick and painless. And the best part of this place is that I have NEVER had to wait on a table. Walk-in, order and dine. It's just so simple; you can't stay away.I went here last night with a group of friends. I have been quite a few times, and I've never had a problem, however, I suppose there's a first time for everything. We were seated shortly after 2 am. Ordered pretty quickly after that. Didn't receive our food until almost 3, and when we did get it, the orders were wrong. Steaks were seriously overcooked, and I never received my bacon with my bacon & eggs platter. I think I'll give this place one more shot, but I'd probably rather go to Penrose.I have ordered from here off and on over the years.  I always get takeout but if I had the time I would eat in.  The atmosphere always seems pleasant.
They give you large portions.  However, some of the food lacks seasoning.  For example, their home fries don't even have salt or pepper.  I would think if you didn't want any seasoning you would request that.  With my takeout they didn't include salt/pepper packets so that was disappointing to have bland potatoes.
Over the years they have been consistent and I will continue to go back.  I have mainly ordered appetizers, soup and sandwich, or breakfast foods.  Besides lack of seasoning everything has been good.  Takeout is always ready within minutes.  
One last thing...I don't like how they ask if you want to leave a tip on takeout.  The waitress didn't serve me.  What am I tipping for?  It just makes the transaction awkward.Scrapple at 3am with a a history of mob hits. Winning in my book. 
Oregon is my go-to hangover spot in Philly, it simply cannot be beat. The prices are low, the service is classic south Philly, and the ambiance is awesomely trashy. Love it.I'm from the south & seeing scrapple on the menu is always a bonus with me! The pancakes were amazing, som much food so little money. Premade treats are divine! Love this place!Oregon diner! I've been here countless number of times, mostly because I live so close.  I've never had a bad experience here.  Easy parking and a huge menu.  Pretty typical diner though as far as the food.   But really it's open 24 hours, and it's close to me, so it makes me happy.I had the pizza burger with a veggie burger subbed in and it was great. The mozzarella sticks are good too. Try the chocolate pudding.Diners make me happy. Most of the time, it's pretty safe to assume you'll know what's in store. Oregon Diner doesn't ever disappoint. 
I love a diner with decor that hasn't been updated in years, and older waitresses who clearly don't give a shit about much more than their perfectly manicured hot pink nails. Service like that at a diner is almost expected, and welcomed. What else can you really expect from a place that charges you and three friends $33 for four wholesome meals at 3am?
The food is standard diner fare. Grilled cheese was perfect. Toasty on the outside, gooey on the inside. My friends raved about their eggs. The only disappointment was not getting a pickle with my burger. (By the way, the burger was fine. Not good, not great, but just fine.)
Next time I'm hungry at 2:30 in the morning, I won't discount the Oregon.I got into philly after midnight and needed some food. I got there and we were seated promptly. I grabbed the cheese steak hogue old bay fries. My cousin grabbed just a French onion soup. The soup looked good with a nice layer of geese baked on the top. The hoagie was good but not amazing. It was a little soggy to the point where it he read fell apart at the end. I also was surprised that cheese wiz didn't come with it. The old bay fries were good but a little heavy on the old bay. Maybe I was tired and cranky or should have tapered my expectations for 1am eats but I wasn't thrilled by what I got.Went here for an early dinner for a 76ers game. While the place is a bit tight to move around in ( especially  in a wheelchair ) but the food was quite good and the prices were also quite good. The service was quick, the food was served hot, and they had people in and out in record time. It is a perfect dinerFood was good , but way way way over priced. Me and my husband had breakfast and coffee although it wasn't during the time they were running their special but $38.00.... Really I think he may hv added feta cheese.. After we exit we walk down the ramp n there's a homeless chic laying on the bottom of the walkway.. With all the choices down here YEA not my style..I guess if you go here drunk on the late night you really don't care how the food taste n who cares about the price.. Sober tho not spending my money I work hard for on $38.00 eggs n French toast.. I'm good plus with
 the tip we spent over $40.. We both looked at each other when we got in our car and knew exactly what the other was thinking !! We got screwedGood food. I had breakfast consisting of broccoli and cheese omelet and side of sausage. The facility was spacious and clean. Wait staff was good.Oregon diner is the local quick dining spot for all the neighborhood people. It's smart to avoid the weekends since the cooks must be under pressure and rush while making your food. I been coming here all my life, and it's slowly starting to down grade.I like this place better than Penrose and Melrose. Everyone is so nice, the food is great, the baked items are excellent and fresh, breakfast is quick and great, and the service is fast and efficient. Nobody has a 'tude here. After Hurricane Sandy, so many places were closed because employees couldn't get there. We drove for miles to find a place that was open and serving. (We had no power. at home) We were seated quickly, then when some guy was cleaning our table, and I commented that he'd lost his sense of humor, he stood up and said, "I OWN this place! I came in so that my customers would have someplace to eat this morning!" That gives you an idea of the kind of commitment to quality service this place has. Take out is also fast and accurate. The parking lot is ratty. Ignore it.I love diners - being an east coast kid, I want every Saturday morning to be breakfast, a newspaper, and a diner.
This did not disappoint... for those not in the know, a diner is NOT Ihop/Village Inn/Cracker Barrel/Denny's etc. True diners have dessert, a bakery with homemade sweet goodness (and if you are on the East Coast/MidAtlantic, SCRAPPLE!!!).
Had a plate with eggs, scrapple!, and home fries and toast. Missing a little of salt on the taters but it brought back home (MD).
Picked up a 1 pound chocolate eclair that was...  a force to be reckoned with.
Go there. Now.Average diner.
It was fine for a quick lunch while working at the Philly Sports Complex.
The neighborhood is a little sketch, but the food and service were decent.  
Negative for Pepsi products.The truth is I go here all the time. It's close to where I live. And they are open all night. I love to go out and eat an omlette late at night after the bar. But seriously. It's not a nice place. I mean what do you expect right? It's a pretty crappy place. Old and run down. Been there forever. But it's good for some things. Coffee and eggs. Always there. Reliable. I will go there again. But I feel it is my civic duty to give it two stars out of five. So that if someone checks these reviews before they go there they will know exactly what to expect.I give it two stars bc I can walk there and it's always open. 
Aside from that, never let them sit you in the back. I have waited 2 hours back there. It's where they train people. And.... It doesn't work well. 
Always get a booth or sit at the bar and the service is prompt. 
The nachos were some of the grossest things I've ever seem.
I mean, it is what it is. Shitty diner food. But sometimes you want that.
The staff are nice. 
There's a homeless woman who live at the end of the entrance ramp and in 2 years haven't seen her move. That concerns me a bit.It is what it is. A diner in South Philly. 
Took a trip there Sunday with a party of 11including teens and children. I picked it because of needing to accommodate the large crowd and not be rushed. We had a pleasant time. The food was pretty good and affordable for the large group. They improved the dinners aesthetics about a year or two ago. Its now.......a better looking dinner. 
The cheesecake is delish! And they have a menu with $9.99 prices that they have extended since summer. I thought the portions would be smaller or something lacking but it wasn't. And understand, we ordered swordfish, prime rib, crab cakes, pork chops, fried chicken, fried shrimp, chicken tenders, veal parm and breakfast. Across the board, no complaints.The food is great and the service was pretty decent......however a few policies need to be changed. First of all the no substitution clause causes issues for those who are diabetic like my husband and I are or someone may have food allergies. For example most of of the sandwiches are served with  French Fries and we may not want fries( or any kind of potato or any thing deep fried) with our sandwich or even a side dish or possibly we may want applesauce or fruit but that seems to be available  ONLY for kids menus......we  have to watch our carb intake.The next big gripe is that the meals are very big and the three dollar plate sharing charge is just too much...... I could see one dollar. Both my husband and I can't eat a big portion at one sitting and no, salad nor soup nor even an appetizer cut it and truth to be told we have to avoid most of the appetizer choices.Typical Philly diner.  Nothing gourmet but well prepared food at very low prices.  I usually get the Chicken Parm which comes with soup or salad for $10.  Great "breakfast anytime" dishes too.  Service has always been good and friendly so what else could you wish for?There isn't anything negative I can say about this diner!!  Great service with a smile and great tasteful breakfast!  Portions are fantastic! Hubby and I chose this place and were not let down! Yes, we will be returning..and soon!Right up there with the worst food Ive ever eaten in my life.. Dont get the Bison burger btw.. Theres no way that they are Actually using the Canadian Bison Farm which they falsely claim to use... Super thin dry overcooked to hell and taste and looked like cardboard.. Just awful! Threw it out immediately! Don't bother with this place! The other items were incorrect gross and inedible as well! Even their supposed chicken soup with rice contained maybe 5 pieces of pathetic mushy tiny pieces of old rice and there was one tiny smushed piece of chicken in it.. One! Tiny! It tasted like gravy and was also inedible and even a couple spoonfuls made me feel nauseous! Gross! Whole meal thrown out!I am from New Jersey originally and a good diner means a lot to us. The Oregon Diner has friendly staff, speedy service and delicious food! They have the best buffalo chicken tenders in town. The dinner specials are huge and you can definitely take leftovers home. I highly recommend the broccoli and cheddar bites with honey mustard as a starter as well.Steak was ok, but green beans were rotten. Service was mediocre. We got overcharged by a few bucks.I've come here for years and never had bad service or food. All the waitresses are sweethearts and always ask how the food is, refilling my drink, etc. I usually come here after 7p, so it's usually not very busy when I go.
My go-to diner food is french onion soup and they do it very well. That being said, their breakfast portions are huge and all of it is so good, I love the french toast and omelets. I usually get the burger platters or club sandwiches, all of the quality is consistent and very tasty. For desert, I recommend the cheesecake and pie! It's also nice (and tempting) to look at all the deserts before you pay...I love this place!  It's a bit of a distance from where I live, but when I'm in the mood for something different, I have no problem taking the time to go here.
I go on off times because this place can get very busy during peak times.  One look at the surrounding parking lot can give you a clue as to whether the place is jumping or not.
Whatever I have ordered from here, I have not been disappointed with - at all!  Whether it's breakfast, a chicken platter, or a quick trip for dessert and coffee, I have loved every one of my visits.
The only complaint I have about the place is the people.  Boy, are they some winners!  Try your best to get a booth away from them because your mind will go instantly numb with their talk of some boring b.s.
If you can handle that, this place is worth the trip.  The prices are reasonable, the service is good (fast and efficient), and the food is well worth it.Is this for reals?  Only one naysayer has reviewed this place?
Christ I'm at a loss for words.  Great baked goods that are so large they must be from some parallel universe where giants dwell.   Typical diner fare that is above quality.  I use to love going here with a hangover and friends, never disappointed.  Would right more but just too tired.  I can't even spell "write" right, rite?  I'll revise this laterI mean it a diner..what do you expect?? Great food? Nope..the most your gonna get is a waiter with a wonderful additude. She's the best waiter i had in a whileNot as good today - but still a classic.
I still prefer Oregon over the Melrose and Penrose diners.
I am grateful to be able to find a few good "old school" diners.
DD had chicken fingers 'n fries (theirs are very fresh and crisp), DH and I had breakfast.I eat at the Oregon Diner several times a month. It ls by far, the best diner in the area! Their menu offers a large variety and they bake their own goods on the premises.Had dinner with my brother and my 14 yo son while visiting the city of brotherly love-Philadelphia 
Says my brother: food is not 5 star but the service is good. Portions are generous.  I hear the deserts are great but we were too full to indulge!  I enjoyed my lentil soup and Cheese quesadillas. 
I got the customary "dunno" to my question about how much he liked Oregon Ave Diner from my 14 yo after he WOLFED DOWN his angus burger and fries. Says it all huh? 
Worth a late night visit...This place is good. I went here, because I lived across the st from there. I had the munchie platter which was really good. If I came back here I would def get that. Everything on it was good esp the onion rings and chicken fingers. My friend had the Reuben that came out dry and there wasn't enough meat on it. That's why I took off a star. There also wasn't enough dressing. I also ordered the chocolate cake from the counter. It was labeled brownies, but it was really chocolate cake. It was good, but I wouldn't have ordered it if I knew it was cake. The waitresses here are nice too. I saw on the menu lobster and steak was only $30! I would come back and get that with a munchie platter.This is a true Diner. A real diner experience. Kind of friendly, but a little bit rude. Pancakes cant be fucked up. Neither can scrambled eggs. Well, maybe the eggs can be, but whatever. If you live in this area and need some after baby makin food or after bar food or are really high or drunk go to the Oregon Diner. You will be amongst your peers. ish. 
This place seriously makes me laugh. It is chock full of crazy South Philly characters. I kind of dig it. When looking at it through rose colored glasses that is...Well, it's a diner. What do you expect. I've eaten there for lunch a few times. For lunch, it is best to look elsewhere. However, for breakfast, this place can't be beat! 
My only slight complaint is the coffee. Not the taste, it is decent coffee. My complaint is that being a diner, the waitress (or someone) should constantly be refilling the cup. At the Oregon, you have to ask for it. Even then, I am not sure they even give free refills. Maybe. However, at a DIner my cup of coffee should always be filled. Always. 
One more plus. They have a huge bakery. I got small kids. Most times, they give my two kids a free cookie or two. Silly, yes, but a nice touch.When I moved to Philly after spending 10 years in New York City (1 year in Brooklyn) the diners here were a let-down.  Meanwhile, I am so happy to find the Oregon (I prefer it to the "classic" Melrose).  They have great old-school waitresses full of spunk and bite.
The food is terrific and the Italian Dinners (Chicken Francese, Cacciatore, etc.) are enormous and restaurant quality.)  What a deal.
Salads are fresh and crisp as is the attitude of the patrons.
LOVE this place with or without my 4 year old in tow.
Viva the Oregon Diner.Love coming here, the staff is always very friendly and quick service. I come in here about every weekend and get the late night meal. Only 4 blocks aways from my house so that's definitely a plus in my book. If you come in for lunch I recommend the chicken Alfredo, delicious!The five stars go to all the hard working waitress' who have to put up with horrible bosses/management and an unbearable clientele.  I tip my hat to you ladies.  :)I'm from the south & seeing scrapple on the menu is always a bonus with me! The pancakes were amazing, so much food so little money. Premade treats are divine! Love this place! Go there now!I wanted to be sure I came back here and gave credit where it was due. After having some subpar service (but great food) - the manager reached out to me and offered to have us back. 
I never got back to him for a variety of reasons, but mostly because I did not want him to feel we were looking for a "free meal". In that spirit, my wife and I went back several times (different days of the week, times) and I have to tell you - superb!
Service has been A-1, and the food continues its constant quality. 
Tonight my wife and I went and it sealed the deal for me to update this review. Very sweet and attentive waitress and great service all around. There was an unfortunate incident with a dropped plate from another table that shattered next to/under ours. No less than 4 staff members checked FIRST to make sure we were ok. They offered to remake our meals at least three times (which wasn't needed as all was well) - and offered us a free desert for the overall hassle (which we did not feel any hassle at all).
If you are in the area, this Diner is a must. The staff have got it together, management is pleasant and on top of things - and I can't say enough good things about the food. Faith restored in the Oregon Diner!Stopped here for a quick breakfast with mom and dad and this place is good stuff.
I usually always get breakfast and I am not alone.   The place was hopping at 10am on a Saturday and that means it must be good.
It's just a diner but if you have that expectation you will be happy!
Get breakfasts and other fried things....Ordered a cheesesteak platter with cheese whiz and a vanilla milkshake. Suppose to come with fries, cole slaw, pickle, and of course the cheesesteak. 
The cheesesteak came out with american cheese instead the cheese whiz that i requested. NO cole slaw, NO pickle! fries were good though. 
When waitress came, I told her about the cheese for the cheesesteak. she offer to bring a side of cheese whiz for me, which was great but the cheese whiz taste like 1 part cheese whiz and 2 parts water, disgusting! luck that wasn't on the cheesesteak then.. When i realized that my cole slaw and pickles were not present, i asked about it and i was told they were out of cole slaw and the cook forgot the pickle. 
as for the "MILK SHAKE "EXTRA THICK" . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 4.95", it was EXTRA WATERY!!!! a $5 rip off.....Good food, good prices, the lady at the cash register could be a little nicer. Glad she wasn't my waitress.Now the ladies that work here are super! Nice and greeted ya coming in and very helpful and accommodating. That in itself is reason enough for four stars. Not five since the food is standard fare for a diner. It'd help if you're extra hungry. Or drunk. Or both.Came in with fam of 4 hot and tired after flying from out of state. The venerable, unpretentious diner served everyone's needs. My eggplant with provolone and roasted peppers was great, and so big I couldn't finish. Kids and wife liked their dishes as well. Very affordable. 
Service could be better; we arrived around 2:30 and it took a long time to get served and later to get our check. Bathrooms could be cleaner (and fewer flies would be nice). 
Bonus is the blast of South Philly culture which is especially fun when you've been away awhile.
Ditto previous reviewers including "Gandhus" -- it is what it is, and if you like that, then go.Food is affordable! Always good and always great service! One of my go to diners for breakfast food.Came in after flying in at the Philadelphia airport.  I had no idea how big the diner is.  Our waitress was extremely friendly and took time to give us menu recommendations.  
The food itself took a little longer than I hoped (about 40 mins?) but once it arrived it was good.  I ordered a Philly cheese steak sub which was enough for 2 people.  It looks like the portions are all quite big.  
Would I come back? 
Definitely, the food is typical diner food but all good.Me and a friend went here on the late nite. I had the eggplant parm which was delicious. Service was great. She had a slice of strawberry shortcake and I had a slice of coconut cake. Extremely dry and old! Whatever u do DO NOT ORDER DESSERT unless u want to waste ur money.Dive Diner, like any other. We needed a quick bite to eat for dinner with our kiddos on an overnight trip. The food was mediocre - I had the chicken parm and spaghetti (sauce was watery), but the service was good. We also got some slices of cake for dessert which was dry and lacked any of the flavour of Wal-Mart which is what they should have done.