Hella decent! Delivery was quick and food was good. I ordered the blt, spaghetti with meatballs and devil crabs, all of which was good. The BLT suprised me because they had made it a triple decker and it was like food art when I opened it. The devil crabs (crab cake like item) were at the perfect crisp and everything inside was spiced just right with a nice texture, not like some of the other fried cakes I've had around here in south west philly. The meatballs in the spaghetti were good as well but my only gripe is the spaghetti needed more sauce, like, a lot more sauce.7/25/2011
Neither the boyfriend or I had been to Philadelphia before but decided that since we had a 3 hour layover at the airport, we'd try a REAL cheesesteak.  
So, never having had a non-California cheesesteak, I quickly realized that I didn't have a clue what to order (I didn't know there were so many variations) but we ended up getting 2 of these massive footlong sandwiches - both with onions and peppers and one with mushrooms.  Both were very good cheesesteaks! 
Well worth the $28 taxi fare there and the 1+ hour walk back to the airport in the heat and humidity.  Airport security followed us then stopped us since we were so sweaty and had been obviously caught on cameras as we walked onto the airport property disregarding the no walking signs. They appeared to have a hard time believing our "we'd never had a cheesesteak and just decided to walk back" situation.  They probably marked us down as weird Californians, but the cheesesteaks were well worth it!  
Thanks, Pete's!  You made a believer out of me.Good pizza better than Little Caesars. Nothing better than fresh pizza. I Been coming here for years.  Whenever I visit my mom I come hereThe lady who answered the phone was very unpleasant but I ordered some delivery anyways. I ordered a pep and mushroom pizza and I ordered a cheesesteak.  The pizza was absolutely delicious. Just the right thickness and chewiness.  You would be both horrified and impressed at the amount I ate. The cheesesteak, however.... Maybe I didn't know what I ordered. I was expecting a regular cheesesteak. What I got was a steak hoagie with topping you would put on a burger.  The meat and bread was good but the ketchup, mustard, pickle, mayo combo-not for me:(Been ordering from Pete's for forever. Always the perfect pizza when you just want really good pizza. No fancy gimmicks. No crazy commercials. Just great pizza and great deals.Pete's food is always excellent. Pizza, pasta, and especially the strombolis are great. The only downside is that they are always busy and you know what that means in South Philly. My job is two miles away and delivery is about a hour and a half sometimes. So order before you get hungry.The service is great. My food was delivered at a well timely manner an nice and hot. I have no complaints. The guy forgot my soda but still brought it back to me right away. If you looking for good food with good service this is the place to be.I  must admit that the food at Pete's is very good, but the customer service is awful, hence the one star. The incorrect order was sent to my house and when I called to let them know that the wrong platter was sent, I was met with attitude. It's too many pizza places in Philadelphia that are good to be wasting my time and money at a place that doesn't give good customer service.With the help of yelp, I was thrilled to discover Pete's when I had to stay the night near the airport to catch an early flight.  I almost made a mistake of going to a fast food restaurant but I read the reviews and decided to stop by to order some items to go.  I ordered the Philly Cheesesteak and the chicken wings.
I'm by not means an expert on Philly cheesesteaks and unfortunately, have not eaten at the most popular Philly establishment. With that being said, the cheesesteak was stupendous.  It had a right mix of cheesiness and meatiness and was not too salty or too wet.  The bread was soft on the inside and a bit crunchy on the outside.  My mouth is watering as I am reminded of my cheesesteak at Pete's and look forward to visiting Philly in a few weeks.
The chicken wings were also juicy and moist but I was not a fan of the sauce.  It added little to the wings.  The wings were good but not the best I've ever had. 
In any event, Pete's Pizza is a winner in my book and for anyone staying around the airport, you should call them because I found out they deliver to some of the major hotels around the airport.Ordered cheesecake for delivery. Very basic, no flavor, barely any cheese, dry meat and canned mushrooms. Never again.Well I'm sort of mixed on this review but I will let you make up your own mind. 
So For background, I have my 10yr old son with me for the summer and he loves pizza. We have a spot me normally go to but I was tired of driving and he is pretty indiscriminate, so pizza is pizza to him. So I did a yelp search of places close and found this spot. 
I didn't have time to read reviews, I just went for it. Ok so it is a takeout spot with a grill and from the looks of the menu, pizza, hoagies and wings seem to be the popular thing. And they have a large pizza for $6 so either I'm getting a really good deal or just a cheap product. As I said I'm dealing with a 10yr old. 
Well first let's deal with the pizza. Didn't take long for them to prepare and it was just a simple pizza. Great for a 10yr old or for a pre-drinking binge but not for regular pizza night. And it's advertised as a large but it is really a medium. But I only paid $6 so is it really a complaint? I don't know. I'm on the fence with this part. 
What I'm not on the fence with is the sanitary practice of the workers. I witnessed the young lady at the cash register handle the register and money, answer the phone and make sandwiches with her BARE HANDS, without flinching or WASHING HER HANDS AT A SINK 2 feet behind her! I can tell you one thing, I will not order a sandwich from this place! No way! Looked good though but I'm not reviewing how it tastes because I didn't order. That is disgusting though but that's my opinion. Take it for what it is worth! 
My $.02Ordered fried fish subs since the Yelp reviews were decent and I was in the neighborhood.  
Well both subs I ordered had one fish in it each. I called and asked to speak with the manager and wasn't connected to one, after I explained why I was calling. I ended that call after it was not successful.
I guess they put my phone number on an delivery order by accident.  I asked the driver who was the manager at the shop and was not provided that information.  After I ended that call, a staff member called and said the delivery driver was at the door.  I politely explained I already picked up my food and that I needed to speak with a manager about my ordered. I was placed on hold and connected to a guy. I explained I was very unpleased with my ordered and that there was hardly any fish on both subs. They guy proceeded to tell me he weighed the fish and knew each sub had the adequate amount on the subs.  I again explained I could send him a picture or bring him back the other sub that had was not yet opened.  He was not willing to redo my order or fix anything. 
Bad customer service, bad food.
Good luck to whoever decides to order from here ‍There are several other options in Philly-GO THERE!!
This place has to be the worst in the area. I ordered a Philly cheesesteak and fries. 
Sandwich: No condiments on sandwich or in bag. Very little cheese stuck to bread with dried meat on the super thick bread.
Fries: Old and burnt. No salt, no flavor.
Service: I called restaurant to speak with someone and was immediately placed on hold. Called back placed on hold again.
Definitely not eating here ever again.Orderd a cheasesteak, disco fries and a salad to our hotel, through grub hub,  it was super fast delivery and the food was pretty awesome, I always Love getting a cheesesteak when I'm in town, and I have found a new favorite  the Salad was super fresh,  Great prices too!No lie my food came in 23 minutes was like they faster then McDonald's the food is greatI had a very positive experience with this place! Pizza was delivered very quick, food was great, and so was the price. Will definitely order from here again in the near future! 
If you're looking for the highest quality personal pie pizza... It's not the place for you. But if you wanna get a cheese/sauce fix... Then bingo you hit the jackpot. Very fresh and again tasted great.Food was good. Zingers, fries, and pizza was what I ordered. Zingers were great pizza was pretty average. I would order from here again but definitely do delivery. Area for pickup was a little sketchyFast delivery, excellent customer service, and great food! You really can't beat that, especially around here!My son and I were hungry, yet I didn't want to cook. My son wanted pizza. I had recently had an Original Pete's Pizza & Wings menu stuck in my mailbox. We decided to try them (simply because we'd eaten their food from another location).
I ordered a  Large Cheese Pizza with Extra Cheese for him and a Turkey  Club for me. I requested NO tomatoes on my sandwich. The total came to  $19.95. Cool, no problem.
Delivery was quick ~30 minutes. Delivery person was nice and I tipped him  appropriately ($5).
However, when I opened my container for my sandwich, there  were tomatoes on it. I specifically requested that there be no tomatoes. I'm  not petty, so I plucked them off. Next time, I might just yell about how much I hate tomatoes to get my point across OR I'll send the food back to send a very PETTY message about getting people's orders correctly.
With all of that, we still enjoyed the food  and will  probably order from them again.I found this place via online and completely skipped ordering over phone. First impressions were good since the food came lightning quick!! Opened the bag, the order was right and all there. The food was pretty decent. However, this place seems to cut a lot of little things out. There was no ketchup packets included with the order, the portions were small (the fries that came with the burger special were especially skimpy) and the burgers, while decently size, has no lettuce, tomatoes, etc.
Little things like that make or break a restaurant and this unfortunately broke it for me. The food we did get was decent though, just going to have to ask for ketchup and all that next time I guess.Don't go chasing strombolis, stick to the delicious pizzas and wings that you're used to...Was told pizza would be delivered in 30 min, then almost 2 hours later showed up. To add injury to insult it was as cold. Only got 2 stars because the pizza flavor was good.Pizza took an hour to get here and was cold. After heating it up, it was pretty good but the crust is spongy, not crispy. The salad was good.It's been around for over 30 years so that tell you something. We like the cheesesteaks-chopped meat and a soft roll makes them really tasty. Not badly priced either. They have a special for $6 large plain pizza which is really more like a medium but who cares lol. Pizza is ok; thin and nothing really to write home about but so far we've had the cheesesteaks, fries, onion rings, broccoli bites, and the wings. All pretty standard fare-wings are of the smaller size but cooked well. They have a breakfast menu but we've never had. Ordered for delivery and food came fast. Tonight I ordered two cheesesteaks, fries, broccoli bites, wings and a wrap and it was ready for pickup in about 20 minutes. So, obviously they're fast lol. Young girls manning the register, and the three older Greek? men cooking. You walk in and it's like a regular corner type pizza joint lol. It's become our go to for food. Try it out. They have an extensive menu so there's something for everyone. Couple tips-$2.00 delivery charge and if you pick up food and use a card it's a $1.00 surcharge no matter the price, which I found odd but whatever. Worth a try!I stayed at Residence Inn by the airport and ordered their Buffalo wings with their buffalo wing pizza for delivery. Although the delivery did take an hour to come (despite the restaurant being a few minutes away), the food was really good. They gave us an abundance of sauce and their honey BBQ chicken was amazing.My first time in Philly and I ordered their Cheesesteak...it was just "ok". Pretty plain..bread, meat, and cheese. No online options to "add more" so I thought it would've came with grilled onions and peppers. Or at least more flavor from the meat..Next time I'm here I'll order elsewhere..My husband and I flew into PHL for a quick layover before catching our next flight in the morning - so we got a room near the airport and ordered some pizza for dinner. It took a little over a half an hour for it to be delivered, and when it came it smelled great. Unfortunately, that was it. All the toppings and cheese were only on half the pizza, probably because the driver didn't lay it flat in the car. We also ordered mozzarella sticks which tasted like they came from a frozen box. It was cheap and easy, but not the best food.My order was late. Large pizza that was 14" had 7 uneven cuts slices. Buffalo and bbq wings had very little sauce, I had to use my own sauce from my fridge. Won't be ordering here again.Cheesesteak and pizza. Yum.
Super friendly order taker lady. Super fast/fresh delivery. Good chocolate milkshake.I was on a layover at the nearby airport and ordered some takeout from Petes.  They had no problem delivering to the Four Points hotel we were staying at. 
We ordered a vege pizza and sometime called an open turkey platter.  The pizza wasn't bad at all. Not greasy with tons of yes, vegetables on it.  Their pizza only comes in one size which id classify as a medium. It cost $12.  The open turkey plate came as sliced white meat on top of bread with gravy. I had mashed potatoes and broccoli. This dish was fantastic and impressed me tasted pretty homemade. I might skip the bread next time. 
It took about 45 mins from order to delivery.  Note there is a 2$ charge.  All in all we were very happy with our meal.  I'd order again from Petes if I'm stuck in the area near PHL.I'll spare everyone the details of driving 4 hours to catch another flight with 4 strangers haha, but when I called Pete's at 11pm, I asked if they could deliver food to the airport. They said sure no problem! $20 minimum. I asked for a cheese steak and a pepsi, it came to $13 and some change and I said id give the rest and tip to the driver. I haven't eaten since 3pm (stuck at airports then driving to try and make a flight)it's now 1:25am. No call back. Nothing's opened here and I'm stuck. Now that I've waited till this time in hopes I'd have my food...I guess I'll continue to be hungry till the airport opens . Thanks Pete's! Y'all are great...worst French toast ever... they must've used too much of the egg dip because all three pieces had egg in the middle of it, disgusting!! didn't even finish it because of that. hot chocolate is very watery. their lunch/dinner foods are much better, would not recommend their breakfast.Ordered from them tonight , ordered cheesesteak order had to be over 20 so I added on pizza and a damn sprite got here no napkins, ketchup I requested with my fries weren't there, and they brought me a damn tea not a sprite was definitely heated not what tf I ordered shit now they are closed never again the driver was nice but wasn't that nice to get me a fuckin sprite ugh pizza tastes like Walmart crap in frozen food section would NOT recommend at all I'm telling you nowWorst pizza I ever had. It was cold, not cut properly, no sauce and tiny. Very disappointed. It's pizza, not rocket science.Sitting on Bartram, hungry, Yelp steered me right.  Pete's is all about the good eats.  No seating, several chefs at the ready.  I got the Pete's Special Cheesteak and cheese fries.  The steak was good chopped, with peppers, onions, mushroom and I think provolone on top, and pepperoni? .  toasted.  Amoroso roll was crunchy.   Huge sammich.  meat falling off.  All very very good.   Crinkle cut fries with wiz all over them.  Yum Yummy.  Very fast service.  I will be back for more next time.  I had to resist the delicious looking local desserts.   Def. in the top 3 c-steaks I've had in Philly.The food was delicious, everything was hot, fresh and well cooked. Ordered online and they paid attention to my special request. Try the cheese steak and the pizza!  Can't wait to order from againI have witnessed a car robbery, a fist fight behind the counter in the kitchen(multiple fights actually), a hold up across the street, the dog (there used to be a dog in the shop) attacking somebody and multiple arrests outside all while waiting for the best wings in SWP. The pizzas are cheap and solid. Again, the wings are the best in the area. Get the wingsReally good stuff.  We had pizza chicken wings and a cheesesteak sandwich and they delivered on time as well as in the rain.  Hard to complain. I thought the quality was good. The sandwich was not soggy.  Thanks guys.The service is terrible! I've been eating from here for 20 years when the mother was cooking! They hire most of Nick pizza bad mistake. The food is good but the service is very bad!!!Only place in this city that I have ever known to make a hot sausage Stromboli. And I get that 8 out of 10 times that I go there. It's amazingly good. Rest of the food is good too. And some of the better wings around.Charged the delivery fee twice and then tried to act like they charged for something else that was not supposed to be charged for. very uncooperative and rudePetes has great lunch specials for the money spent, and a great pizza special. I go for the 2 lrg chz pizzas under $14.00. But the real thing that makes Petes the shit is their wings. They have the best wings in southwest Philly.Their Italian stromboli was amazing, tons of meat and cheese. I am not from this area and found it on Yelp and the 5 star reviews are right on. I would recommend calling in your order before you get there and it is delivery or carryout only.Order from here all the time. Breakfast is always great! Not greasy and cooked exactly the way you ask. My daughter ordered a hoagie, the roll was hard but everything else as far as pizza and wings are wonderful.Pete's is hands down my favorite take out place.  Pizza, stromboli, WINGS, and the fries are great.  You will never have anything bad from Mr. Pete's!!!!My mother and I ordered a couple of lunch specials: cheesesteaks, fries, and sodas. Very good. The bread was fresh and the food was hot when delivered in less time than predicted. We will definitely order again!I was in Philadelphia on business and didn't want to go anywhere because of an early morning flight. Pete's was near by and I could get it delivered to the hotel room where ch was a big plus. I ordered a pizza and wings. Definitely not the best pizza I ate in the area but it worked in a pinch.Ordered delivery.  Sausage Sub and large salad.  Quantity and quality were both excellent.  The sub was huge compared to what I normally find and stuffed to the gills with lots of sausage and cheese.  The salad had a good balance of all of the ingredients.  Will definitely eat here again when I am in the area.This place have gotten a good chunk of my change because there food was good and their service was great. But as of today, they are not the same. I had a guy argue with me over an order, bufflo chicken strombli, that was wrong. He insisted that is the way it is always made. When I first had their stromboli, it tasted like the bufflo chicken. Now it was just chicken with tomatoe sauce. Hope others put their foot down when it comes to their bad customer service and stop ordering from there.Food was not bad it was just ok pretty average. Thee staff was friendly and the service was very quick and good. If you want a quick Pie  that taste decent  for a good price come to Petes.I'm rediscovering Pete's after moving back to Philly for a while. The best steaks I've had in a minute! I haven't found as good a steak yet in Delaware. So when I move back I will be making trips back here!Good finger food for late night meal.
Very pleased with the service and food. Simple boneless wings and cheese pizza (with onion). Nothing fancy, but it is good. Came within 45 min and was warm. Would order again.The WORST customer service I've ever had. The woman answering the phone sounded like she'd rather be getting ran over by an 18 wheeler than working, which is fine, but the customer should NEVER be made aware of your sour mood. While I could still hear her, she asked the delivery driver if my order was worth driving 3 miles for, which he replied no. Sooooo I doubled my order just to make it worth their time. I asked her a 1 question about the menu, to which she gave a reply as though I was being bothersome. If I wasn't famished I would've cancelled my order. 
Delivery was fast. However, when I finally begin to eat my pizza, I fold a slice only to find hair on my pizza! I was so disgusted I threw out both pizzas. 
Only patronize this business if you're on the verge of starvation, otherwise, it's a complete waste. 
Hope this saves someone!I used to order from this place all the time. It was good, and cheap. New York style pizza. However, in the past couple of years they have gone downhill. I think they are trying to compete with Little Caesars around the corner and offer cheap pizza. They do. However, I don't know for certain, but it seems like they have skimped on quality. The ingredients are not like they used to be. 
Cheesteaks, hoagies, chicken strips are average. Tasty enough, but no better than the next places. 
Service is strange. They can be friendly, but other times testy. If you can, go for pick up instead of delivery. Why? Well, they deliver quick enough, but if you get it for pick up, you can go in and witness them yelling at each other. Once when I ordered, I was put on hold. The phone girl took the next order, and left me on hold. She then proceeded to cuss up a storm with a fellow worker. I was still on hold. Then I heard her walk over and hang up the phone. Funny. Gotta love Philly.Great delivery service!  Accurate order.  Chilli too hot (temperature) to eat but once it cooled, it was really good!!Stayed at a hotel nearby and ordered Pete's for dinner. They said it would be 45 mins for delivery (we were fine with the wait), but the food never showed up and they didn't answer any of our calls. Will not be ordering from here again.I moved into Southwest Philly a year and a half ago.  Desperate to find a couple of pics joints,  I turned to my Dad who lives ten blocks away. He recommendes Petes Pizza and was excited to tell me about their special of a large cheese pizza for a mere $5!...ummmm what?!! 
Somethings gotta be wrong with a pizza that cheap.  Flimsy crust,  flabby cheap cheese and a sauce sweeter than a popsicle.. Well,  I was surprised to find none of those things with my pizza.  The pizza is actually decent. Not mind blowing or best I've ever had but good.  Size wise, it's definitely not a large at all. More like a medium, which is probably why its $5..im not mad.  Lol.Fries were cold and stale. Boneless wings were ok but cold & they forgot my drink. Delivery person told me they would bring it back... They never brought it back or issued refund. Last time ordering from hereMy favorite neighborhood pizza joint closes Sunday's so I decided that if I was going to enjoy some pizza and wings for the Eagles game,  I had to give someone else a try. 
Pete's has a decent rating and I ordered a large pie with pepperoni,  sausage,  mushrooms and sweet peppers.  I also ordered a batch of buffalo wings.  
The pizza was good,  crisp crust and a generous amount of sauce and everything was fresh. My only complaint was that it tasted salty. 
The wings were fresh,  but not all of the chicken was coated with buffalo sauce.  The delivery guy was prompt and polite and their prices are reasonable.  When they correct the little problems I mentioned,  they will get an upgrade from me.I have to say I was kinda disappointed when my sicilian pizza arrived and some cheese slid to one side...but for some reason it still looked good and we ate it....and it was awesome...sloppy cheese and allGiving Pete's 3 stars only because it may be a slight misunderstanding between what's in the actual menu compared to how much you actually pay to what you actually get in person than off the menu.
  The service is very good and friendly which is always a must. Quality of the food is decent as well, I personally have no complaints.
  Ordered a Cheesesteak and order of cheese fries. Was confused on why my fries weren't in the tin though like it says on the menu.
For both the total was $14 which that's not bad but the size of my fries was like a small cause thats a small fries container.
  Cheese steak was very flavorful, chopped up fine like its supposed to be, and seasoned very good. Filling too cause I ate half, but it was still so good I wanted to eat the whole.
  Closing out, if around the area its definitely worth it to come and get something good to eat cause the quality is definitely here.
  Know I'll be back for a pizza and a couple other things myself.The pizza (all meat pizza) & wings were yummy. I ordered for a couple of my guys working at a construction site we was working at  & it fill us up.I wasn't familiar with the area so parking was kinda tricky. We walked in and took a look at the menu. I ordered the cheesesteak with everything on it and my brother ordered the calzone. The wait took a while but seeing how we were walk-in's, it was understandable. 
The place is small. No tables or chairs, just a little space for the customers then the counter (and kitchen beyond that). They were slammed when we were there. The phone was constantly ringing and the staff was busy.
The cheesesteak was so delicious it was insane. The bread was soft and the cheese and meat had such good flavor. I need to go back.If you are headed to the Philly airport and want to make people jealous, stop by Pete's and order the. Philly Cheesesteak.  From the toasted Amoroso roll to the fresh hand cut lettuce and tomatoes carefully placed on the sandwich, the artistry that went into making the sandwich was only eclipsed by it's size and quality.  The only downside is that they have no seating.  I look forward to several return visits.Pete's has the best cheesesteak in the city. I may be a little biased having grown up around here, but I still regularly try all the Philly staples (Pat's, Jim's, Dalessandro's. . .) and they never compare to Pete's. People I bring there tend to agree, too. The meat is chopped up somewhat fine, there's a good balance of meat and cheese, and the rolls are lightly toasted. I think because they're such a small neighborhood pizza place they don't get the recognition they deserve. Granted, the place isn't much to look at and there's no seating, but it's totally worth for me to sit in my car and eat my steak right there. Every time I come in town I make a point of stopping in for a cheesesteak on the way to or from the airport (they're only a few minutes away), and I suggest you do the same. You won't be sorry.We have been dealing with this place for years and try to order aT LEAST ONCE A WEEK.....Our last call was the other day.....we placed our order and when the total was said....it just did nort add up...we called back and questioned the total of two checksteaks x cheese and a smallbufallo chicken hot.....37$ was a little if course  and ask why aren't you using the prices on the menu....the worker replied all items went up however no new menus are printed . I suggested to next time do not quote the price ...,.I don't think I ever had an issue. This is the only pizza joint that U will ever order from Southwest Philly besides Pizza Hut. 4 stars is sufficient. Can't give everybody 6 stars.