Living around the corner I've been wanted to go here for quite some time. It was such an awesome environment. I really loved he booths. The bartender was nice and attentive. Definitely looking forward to going back again.New!!! Exciting!! VENUE SPACE!!
Before, you used to have to pay an $8 cover when walking into Ortlieb's if a band was playing, whether you wanted to see them or not.
They recently converted the large kitchen space into a real, live venue. With a closing door. So you only have to pay to see the band, if you want to see the band. And I appreciate that. Even if it means less items on the menu (who gets anything at Ortlieb's besides their insanely delicious tacos, anyway?). 
As far as size goes- it's a tad smaller than Boot & Saddle. Go see a local show and lemme know what you think.Ortlieb's is the creepy uncle of hipster bars. In a great location on 3rd street. Dark, dank, and offering up some really sweet happy hour deals from 6-8, because most people don't finish work at 4. Inconsistent service, with a smile.
Tuesday jazz night is atrocious and deafening. +1 for the retro booth seating in the back. Don't get the nachos.Happy Hour from 6-8 yay!  If you work a little later than the usual 9-5, this is a great thing.  Plus I've noticed that most happy hours in Nolibs go from 4-6, so this picks up where they leave off.  The beer specials are great: $2 for domestic drafts (ex: Kenzinger) and $3 for craft drafts (ex: Sixpoint Sweet Action, Troeg's Dreamweaver).
Food: the 2 of us split an order of bacon cheddar fries.  You get a huge platter of fries with melted cheddar, bacon & jalepenos for $6.50.  They were delicious but I would have preferred chopped up fresh jalapenos mixed throughout the cheese. I also had the veggie burger.  It's not house made - it's basically a Boca Burger or Gardenberger. It's served on a bun that you'd buy in the bread aisle of any supermarket.  But for $5.50 it wasn't bad.  
Decor: dark & red: wood paneling, dark red booths, upscale divey - love it.  
Service: our server was great.  She seemed genuinely friendly and was knowledgeable about the menu. 
I'm so glad Ortlieb's has reopened. It's nice to have another non-piazza hangout option in NL.  It's a great spot for catching a late happy hour.  Good beer selection, decent place for cheap & tasty bar snacks, would not consider as a dinner destination though.  Next time I'll stick around for some live music.I came here with my roommates last weekend.  I've been here before, but feel the need to give this place it's due ever since it reopened.  
First, it's great to have a jazz bar in the neighborhood.  The ambience is dark, very chill, and the live music rounds it out.  There's great lounge seating lining the wall looking towards the band.  They also have a variety of promotions going on almost every day of the week.  On the night we went, they have something where you can bring in any compact disc and they'll just play it- regardless of what it is.
The beer list is strong with craft brews from both the area and out of state.  The food is very reasonably priced, and to complete the experience, you must order a "Big O"- their signature cocktail.  If you're looking for a non-pretentious, unassuming place to catch up with someone, this is it.Great people, solid beer selection, and great music. That's everything you look for in a good pub. 
They are best know for their music, but to just grab a beer in northern liberties there is no better place.I frequented Ortlieb's years ago when there was jazz at the Jazzhaus.  Well, I'm a music fan in general, so I don't lament the switch to more accessible and contemporary music.  I will comment, however, that on a recent visit to see friends play, that the service from the barman and cocktail server left much to be desired.
On a recent Saturday night I arrived early to meet a friend who was playing that evening to have dinner and a few drinks.  We decided for convenience's sake to stay at Ortlieb's.  While ordering at the bar rather than someone serving us was only a minor inconvenience, the lack of anything resembling good customer service from the barman was conspicuous and harder to forgive.  His primary concern, it seemed, was for him to determine who was and was not in a band and to collect the $8 cover from the latter.  Once done with that, he seemed so overwhelmed by taking food and drink orders from about 5 people in a mostly empty bar, that he couldn't muster up anything close to politeness.  Collecting money and securing credit cards came first and then he deigned to actually provide us with food and drink in return for our money.  Where I come from (Philadelphia, by the way) it is customary in places like this to take orders from customers FIRST and then ask for payment.  Just sayin'...
The cocktail waitress was slightly better - emphasis on slightly.  She was fully capable of taking a drink order from me early in the evening and adding it to the tab I informed her I had at the bar.  Later, this was a task too difficult to accomplish as I discovered when I settled my tab and was told I also had a beer rung under "New Guy".
My greatest regret?  I left a tip.
I'd go back for a band.  The food was acceptable for bar food. The beer selection was good. Not great - good.  But someone (Management, perhaps?) needs to inform the employees that service is what distinguishes a place.  These guys need to be trained or replaced, because they're just not good at what they do as it stands.This place is so fun and they had some great bands playing the night we were here. Only complaint would be there was no where to sit. We got there early bc we wanted to get a bite to eat (which by the way, the Cuban sandwich and their fries are delicious) but there was no where to sit bc everyone else had the same idea so everyone was sitting around just monopolizing the tables. Not too terrible though, we did eventually get a table after 30 mins or so but it did take forever to get our food. We had to ask our waiter a few different times; I think he had forgotten at one point. In his defense I think he was helping set up and it's a bar not really a restaurant. Once the band started playing there was plenty of standing room and it is a great place to hang out with friends.Ortlieb's is a great place to have lots of drinks and listen to music. Even when they do not have a great band, the tunes are awesome 90s nostalgia. Good beer selection. Great tequila. Fun times!
In sum, a quality neighborhood bar that has good music, good drinks, and friendly service.Dark, sexy, smooth vibe. Bartenders seem happy to service you plentifully. Great happy hour deals & the tacos will make you cream yourself. Caught a couple chill music events here as well. So far, never disappointed! Planning to attend again n again n againOne of the best dive bars in Philly. Drinks are reasonably priced and also amazing. The beer selections is really great too.  If you're hungry, they have a surprisingly wide variety of bar snacks, including vegan and vegetarian options.
It's a good space with a decidedly diver vibe, but still very open and friendly. It's got a fun crowd of regulars and bartenders. 
One huge differentiator is that there's virtually always live entertainment. The stage area feels like an intimate lounge, even though it's a few steps from the bar area.
If you're in the area, it's the place to go.I always drove pass Orlieb's, but never got to check it out until yesterday's happy hour with $2 tacos (DELICIOUS) and $6 margaritas. Why not?! Attentive cool staff. Chill ambiance and great music. Definitely worth it!This is 3 stars, but it's not A OK. Pros and Cons here as simple as possible. I saw Whirr & Adventures here. 3 stars for band quality and live sound. 
Staring with the PROS: cool bands play here. It's a great place to discover new music. The sound of the room is really good. It just has that "IT" where music sounds good. The stage is tiny and it's asses to elbows for the crowd and backs to the wall for the bands. But I like that. And from what I have read it is a place that bands seem to like playing. I hope so at the very least considering the cons. And thus..
CONS: From what I saw, STAFF!! Holy God! Okay. Strike one. I actually PAID for the show. At the door. I know there were tickets and all, but that's how I did it. It's not a big place, and I heard the tickets were almost gone, so I made sure to be there early enough to get in. meaning I got to get in and chill for a sec. And I watched the door guy let people just walk in without checking for a ticket or paying or anything, just rolled out the welcome mat. Maybe I'm wrong, but I know what I saw. As far as I'm concerned, that's money out of the bands pocket and that blows. I'm pretty sure I could have just walked in and saved $15, which I would have/could have spent at the merch table. Which brings me to strike two.
The mac machine was busted. Okay fine. The place had just opened, I assumed maybe it just wasn't turned on,so I asked the closet staff member, the same door guy. I didn't even finish my sentence and the guy gave me a real nasty condescending NO and turned his back to me. OK, so not only does it seem like you don't want to collect ticket money for the band, but you're a dick too. Which leads me to strike three.
When the bands were playing, this same guy kept walking back and forth from the back to front for.....I don't know... some reason.  It's a back room. From what I saw one way in and out. Didn't see a fire exit (might just have missed it honestly) I watched this SAME GUY push and ram into people without any regards to them or their stuff. It was a chill concert, people just digging the band. Why was this happening? Why was this guy touching people, and their stuff?  What kind of dick does this? Let alone at  tiny chill place? 
I cannot say I had a bad time but that's because of the bands. If this exact show happened anywhere else, it still would have been great.  Now I don't know if the guy was working for Ortlieb's or just a guy for the bands. If it's the latter, someone from the venue please tell me, and I will retract this review, and write a new favorable one based on what I enjoyed and what I am told. But if it's so, and this guy is an employee of Ortlieb's, owners take notice please:
The guy who worked the door that day SUCKS. He made your place somewhere not worth going to. And you guys missed out on some serious cash droppage due to the busted mac machine (might not be the venue's fault), the guy being a tool and touching people, and the same guy seemingly letting people in for free, and the seeming lack of any staff giving a damn about pretty much anything. Fire that guy, cause he sucks and thus makes your place suck. The only reason this review is 3 stars is because of the music you guys get there, and the sound of the place, which I consider sheer luck of the room being complimentary to the live music sound. I just don't see what people on here think is great. I see what is good, can become great, and stay that way wit ha few changes.
Also, if the door guy happens to read this. A bunch of tattoos and a beard doesn't make you a tough guy. It make you sheep who looks,acts, & dresses like every other skinny guy who bought a Black Flag record and suddenly believed they were in the UFC. You're a jerk that needs to learn how to treat customers and you made your place of business look kind of stupid. Amateur stupid.  You suck as a person.I loved this place before I even walked through the door. Live music, divey bar feel and tex-mex food? Awesome.  All of the reviews I've read completely lived up to my expectations. 
My boyfriend and I went for happy hour which is amazingly from 6-8. This was point number 1 for me since I work outside the city. For the next 3 hours hours, we enjoyed inexpensive drinks, great tex-mex inexpensive bar food, friendly/helpful bartenders, and an awesome Blues House Band. 
I left this place dying to come back. Great addition to the neighborhood! 
Insider Tip: Try their house hot sauce...WOW. It's got some cinnamon in it and was awesome/different.It took about 10 minutes for me to fall in love with Ortlieb's Lounge.  The vibe is perfectly Northern Liberties, which to me means a bit dilapidated and not too polished.  And of course you can't survive in NoLibs without a solid beer list and great food, both of which Ortlieb's nails.
Our bartenders were both awesome, really friendly guys, the drinks were tasty (love that Troegs Dreamweaver), and the prices are great, with terrific drink specials.  The house band came on at around 9 and they were fantastic, full of energy and nice and loud.
What surprised me most was the quality of the food.  The menu's a crazy mix, one side of which is almost entirely Mexican, while the other side has a large selection of french fry variations and more standard sandwiches.  We went with the Ortlieb's taco, which is house-made masa (yes.) stuffed with pork and other goodies, then deep fried (yes.).  Totally fantastic.  Then we got their standard nachos... and I am pretty sure they're the best tacos I've ever had.  The chips are so crispy they don't soften even when covered in both whiz AND melted cheese, sour cream, jalapenos, and whatever else was on these bad boys (it was a bit too dark to see!).  So good, and a huge plate.  
Pro-Tip: put the house hot sauce on every single thing you eat.  It's insane, has a strong hit of cinnamon and sweetness with just the right amount of spice... killer.
I think I've found a new regular hangout.  Welcome back, Ortlieb's!I've been coming to this place since the original in the 90's. The scene has always been music centric. There's no frills or gimmicks at this bar. It's all about drinking, listening to music and getting the courage to cut the rug. 
The spot had no spave for dancing, this new upstart has space to dance or gyrate to the given music of the night. My GF and I had a great time talking with people (without social media) and dancing. The DJ was pumping out great break beats and hip hop that we couldn't get enough of that night. We closed the bar and made our way home happily high on music and merriment.
Go to Ortlieb's to see what the scene was like when humans still interacted face to face and bought rounds that include complete strangers!I am a noob yelp-er so I may be more generous than those experienced with this, but I went to a Tuesday night "jam sesh" at Ortlieb's a few weeks ago and was pleased in every way. The ambiance was great: dimly lit, very relaxing and cool, and not screaming boojie nor hipster. The food was cheap and very filling (nacho dish and a shrimp dish was shared by myself and a friend) and there was good classic beer. This is definitely a hole-in-the-wall type of find in Northern Liberties and I will be returning soon!At long last it has returned - and nearly unchanged!  Victory!
I remember the Ortlieb's Jazzhaus of 'yore, back when this neighborhood was a little grittier, less trendy, more authentic.  Ortlieb's was a classic Jazz mainstay in a city that does (did) not, but should, have more live Jazz venues.  It was dark, mysterious, sexy, narrow and long like a railroad train car.  It was here that the crowds contained a true representation of Philadelphia, people from all walks of life in one small venue there to enjoy the beauty and deliciousness of live Jazz.  
It's comforting to know that the reincarnation of the Jazzhaus has not thrown away all of what made the original so cool.  The place now called Ortlieb's Lounge still looks very much like the Jazzhaus (but cleaned up) and on Tuesdays, it still sounds like it too.  Which brings me to this...it's heartbreaking and both exciting to know  that Jazz will not be the only live music to be played at this place anymore.  
Jazz nights are only held on Tuesdays now, with the rest of the week comprising of Funk night (Wednesdays - lots of dancing!), House band Thursdays and different acts, including a DJ nights on weekends.  I'm told that Mondays might soon feature 20's swing tunes.
Menu is standard bar offerings, nothing overly ambitious, and the bar is extremely well-stocked, with a really solid rotating draft selection and good service to match.
Though I will mourn the all-Jazz venue that once was, am pretty excited for what they have cooking (musically-speaking, I mean)... as long as they keep it real!The food is still good and cheap but on a recent visit, we sat down for 15 minutes and no one came to our table. The bar was a little busy but the bartenders definitely saw us and didn't even acknowledge us. A simple, "I'll be right over, folks," or even a nod or something to that effect would have been nice. They didn't even say anything as we got up and left. We tried to give them another chance but they were closed on some weird day - I think it was like a Wednesday or something, at like 7 pm. No sign or anything, just totally locked and closed. I'll probably come back to give them another chance, but the inconsistency sucks.I went there once when my friend was performing in a jazz group. The place is decorated really well and I felt cozy in our nice booth. I had the nacho grande which was huge. I had 2 other people with me and we couldn't finish. The prices are great and the drink specials are unbeatable. My only complaint is that the waitress didn't come around that often, probably because it was so crowded. She was also wearing shorts that were tiny and she could not pull them off (me being a mean girl)I love this bar! The owner Kyle is so sweet and really cares about getting to know his customers. All of the guys are great bartenders, super fast and pleasant service. Came for Tuesday night karaoke and had a great time! Tacos were on point and drinks were excellent too. Will definitely be back!Went for taco tuesday!!! service was very fast and tacos and drinks were even better!!This spot is great for food and drink. Beautiful women. But mostly the focus is on eating, drinking and whatever live show they have. It's a really great spot for discovering music. I've seen at least 3 bands that were really captivating here.has all the makings of a cool space, but all the broey douchiness of the worst old city bar. it's a shame all the douchebags found this place.I love this place...best happy hour and best tacos. However, you can really find that at most bars in the city. The reason why this place sticks out the most is their staff...the manager is awesome he bought me and my two girlfriends shots and was just all around a welcoming person. The server and bartender on that night were awesome, very friendly, and never let our drinks get low! If you don't go to this place you're basically blowing it...Ortlieb's reminds me of a classed-up Bob & Barbara's. I stopped in the other night with friends while in No Libs and was really pleased with Ortlieb's extensive beer list. Instead of having to hunt for drink lists, this live-music joint has their offerings posted on chalk boards above the bar. Super cool! I was happy to see that they had Blue Moon on draft and I didn't even mind paying $5.50 for it. The awesome little folk band playing in the back was worth the price! Stop by if you're into twangy live-music bars and want to hang out with a mixed (20s/30s/40s+)  crowd.Decent selection of beers for the guy who only drinks IPAs or Yuengling for the other guy, some seriously good tacos that you may not believe were crafted in the back, and an awesome performance by some local/new bands.
Beer, tacos, live music. Do you need more information than that?Big, loud, funky, weird, fun, well mixed music.  
A great place to get a bit crazy on par with the music (I was here on a Friday).  The bartenders were great, they seemed like they would have been having their own party if everyone else went home.  There was no jazz to be found when I went, but was still a great time.  
Its dark, and a little sketchy looking, with some 70's sleaze.  I felt very comfortable, and wished we had spent more time throughout the night there.  Not sure that I would consider this a dive.  
I will be back, and I will be acting foolishly.Yay for Tex Mex food and great drink specials!  Try the Ortlieb's taco, which has a thick masa shell.  For $4 it is quite filling.  The taco fries are amazing, it is a huge platter of fries with nacho fixins on top.  You will need to share.  Happy hour is from 6-8 which is wonderful for us late workers.  Stoli drinks are $4 and drafts are $3.  The burritos are good too.  Actually, we've been pretty happy with everything we've tried here.  And don't forget the homemade hot sauce, it's amazing!  I also love the music they play in there.
The only thing I do not like are the red booth seats, and the high tables.  There is almost always some weird slope on the floor where you can't pull your chair up to the table without having some weird wobbly nonsense going on with your chair.  Also, the red booths have a foot rest so low, you would need to be a pro basketball player to use it.  Prepare to dangle your feet like a five year old if you are anything less than 6'5".  Also it is super dark in there.  These are small quibbles though.  Usually I just sit at the bar and ignore the darkness.What the heck happened to this place?! Where is the Jazz Haus? Where do can a person go to listen to traditional jazz -not that Kenny G early 90's junk.All of this happened, more or less.
Ortlieb's re-opened under the auspices of the Four Corners management group about two years ago.
The happy hour specials are unheard of--half off of most things, including top-shelf bourbons.
There is almost always live music, often without a cover (such as the Wednesday night residency shows).  There are DJs many nights, even those nights when bands are playing.  When the music isn't live or spun by a DJ, the staff makes sure to play a diverse mix that one does not often hear in what has become a sickeningly cliche hipster neighborhood--Northern Liberties.  
The music.  Good Lord, the music.  The staff loves music, and this is a bar for music lovers.  I feel at home here because music isn't a fashion ("Have you heard of Ogre's Milk--of course you haven't. They're this totally awesome indie band nobody's heard of, which makes them good) but rather a passion ("Let's play some classic country for happy hour, since drinking in a bar and listening to Merle Haggard croon is kind of what happy hour should be.").
The food is decent for a place that deliberately chooses to de-emphasize the kitchen as an element of the overall enterprise.  See, even when they put something low on a list of priorities, Ortlieb's still kills it.
The only place to compare with Ortlieb's is Johnny Brenda's, but the latter doesn't matter--it sucks.  The service sucks (as in the staff seems to think customers should be thankful to be served by such cool people as work at JBs).  JBs is where tourists and yuppies playing hipster for the weekend hang.  Ortlieb's is where actual human beings who prefer not to act as a walking pop-culture cliche choose to spend time.  No ironic anything there.
Ortlieb's is what is now, and what a bar should be.  
Even in Bizarro World ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bizarro_World ), Ortlieb's is the best bar in Bizarro Philadelphia, because that is how legit the place is.  It can't suck, even in a world where it is supposed to.
On the seventh day, God created Ortlieb's so that she could have a place to hang out with her best pal, Lucifer (and so that Luke could have a job other than tempting petty humans).
Saturday nights see Ortlieb's become home to one of the most kicking EDM dance parties in town, as DJ GregD of the Wet Boogie may often be found there entertaining all the party people.
People who like cool shit must make a pilgrimage to Ortlieb's, as it is the Mecca of ripping good times.  Are you into cool shit?  Make your pilgrimage; make it with haste.  Go to Ortlieb's--the beer is wet, the boogie is wet, and the place makes my undergarments wet just thinking about it.
Ortlieb's then, Ortlieb's now, Ortlieb's forever.They killed jazz night so I'll never be back. I can't begin to express my absolute glee when I heard the management company, Four Corners, was going to have jazz one night and other funk and soul nights during the week. I felt like they got it and I would be a daily regular. A group of us would go at least once a week and had a great time.  None of us have been back since they killed the real music and started charging for bad music. Somehow, someone over there screwed it all up. They have really bad bands and DJs in there now. I'm sure they're making more money because now they charge a cover every night and probably don't pay the bands as much as they payed quality musicians. I hope they fail and someone comes in to do the right thing. I gave them two stars because there was at least a couple great bartenders there.This a great place with a wonderful diversity of people. I took my a very attractive woman here on a date. The intimate table along with the music, fine food, drinks and attentive wait staff really 'loosened' what I thought was a tight professional woman up.  Let's just say for the rest of the evening.  Any travel north of Spring Garden street or South of Olney avenue gets your head turning but Northern Liberties is a fun, business filled, safe part of town where you actually can find affordable parking. Oh yes, I'm going back.Decent place, friendly service.   I've mostly been here on weekends after midnight, stopping in on my way home from elsewhere, but it's been worth at least a quick stop for a pint and bathroom break.
The few times I did stop in on a weekday, it was actually even better.  Live music is a plus , and the prices are pretty reasonable for the neighborhood.  It's truly dark and divey, and it's location on 3rd street is slightly more pleasant than the main 2nd street venues, I'd say.  
Worth checking out if you're around the area.I had no idea that this place was reopening until I found that local bluesman Shakey Lyman was having his Birthday here. Later I was psyched to find out he was actually the house band playing every Thursday. Shakey and Slo's act always bring a fun time. Shakey uses his bottleneck slide and wails on his harmonica, and Slo plays crazy solos. Definitely worth catching. This place has showcased so many great Jazz artists over the years its hard to recall. Also another great thing about this bar is the food. It's Tex mex and prices are pretty cheap. I tried the frito pie and my girlfriend tried the tacos they were both very good we also ordered a thing of fries. The cost of our food was less than a 10 spot. I plan to frequent this joint much more now that I can catch Blues and Jazz under one roof.The Wet Bar
The bar that is named after a great old beer that is not made anymore.  Ortlieb's a beer brand during the grand old 1970's American beer explosion.  
This bar is dark and tries to portray a bit of the 1970's sleaze that made that decade great.  The only issue is that the place is actually kind of nice inside.  I was expecting much worse.  They also have a very good variety of craft beers available and not much junk cheap beer available, which is a marquee of a great 70's style dive bar.  
I like Ortlieb's especially for the name, but there is so much potential here to make this place into a great dive bar.  Not a bad spot, I would like the beer sign in my basement.
Thanks$2.75 Yards Pale Ale
$1.50/Chicken Taco
$5 1/2 lb wings
Can't beat the happy hour prices at Ortliebs and it goes until 7:30! none of this 4-6 nonsense when we're all still at work. The wings weren't the greatest, maybe I got a bad batch but the sauce was tasty and rarely do I find hot wings "hot", these actually had some burn. 
Great for the dive feel, friendly bartenders with great beers on draught and cheap eats. Definitely putting this one in the Happy Hour rotation.Great dive bar..definition of chill. The bartenders were cool as hell & the tacos are slammin!My girlfriend and I love this place. We've been looking for a regular hangout since moving to Northern Liberties, somewhere we can order drinks and maybe some fries and not feel bad for not getting a full meal. This seems like it. Cheap drinks during happy hour, awesome bartenders, and we're excited to try out the live music and TexMex food. Cool house drinks and cheap wings are a solid combo. If they start serving Coronado Mermaid Red on tap, I'm moving in.Really cool place. Live music most nights I've been there and it's always been free. Good drink choices including a citywide special if you are looking for a cheap night.This place is super arrow but still a great venue. The stage is weirdly in the center facing a wall with a bar on one side and tables on the other  so if you wanted to get a good look at the band you'd have to stand right in front which is exactly what I did. It was a semi-busy night when I went but I must say the staff was extremely friendly and nice and the drinks were decently strong and not overpriced, wow. You should check it out.definition of dive bar! hipster central but great atmosphere & cheap  drinksI stopped in last night for their opening and I was definitely impressed! 
I admit - when I saw the dingy sign outside, I dreaded the thought that it'd be another annoying hipster hangout in Northern Liberties. But as soon as I walked in, that all changed. I love the comfy red leather booths near the back of the bar. 
They advertised that tacos are $1 from 6-8, but unfortunately, we got there too late. They're regularly $1,50, though, and wings are $0.50 each with a minimum order of 6. They have about 6 flavors of wings, including teriyaki, buffalo chicken, honey BBQ, plum BBQ, and more.
I tried the lime chicken tacos and BBQ plum wings. Neither really made an impression, but with those prices, I'm not going to complain too much. I realy enjoyed my Cuban sandwich. The bread was perfectly toasted and the sauce brings everything together nicely.
With a decent menu, good drink specials, and great atmosphere and music, Ortlieb's seems like it'll be a solid choice for a chill night out with friends and drinks. I hope to stop in again!I'm gonna go with 3 stars overall and 4 stars for the taco and drink specials. Happy hour lasts til 7:30 which is also a plus! The bar isn't fancy but the servers are great and atmosphere is chill. I've been here with my Mom who does not drink, my boyfriend, and friends, and it is always a good time. They have local love music (usually after 9 or 10) which is also a nice perk in Philly.Funky place. Good music and sound in the back live room, inexpensive brews, solid grub. Will be back.This is my favorite bar in Philadelphia.
I cannot believe how long it has taken me to review this place. I've learned that I never review the places I frequent most often. I can honestly say that out of all the bars I've visited in Philly, this is hands down my favorite. One of the best happy hours in No Libs going from 5:30 to 7:30 with half off all drafts, $5 well drinks (The Big O is ridiculously good), and $2 tacos. My god the tacos. What you need to do when you get the tacos is to get a soft bean and hard whatever. Combine the hard taco into the soft one and BAM, you're in heaven. The bartenders are fantastic, the atmosphere is chill, the food and drinks are great. What more could you ask for?I love everything about this place. The live music, the divey feel, the diverse beer selections, and the tex-mex menu. Although I didn't try the food the randomness of the tex-mex concept for a No Libs jazz/music lounge is alone credit worthy. This place is a perfect addition to No Libs.I went here on a great 2nd date... and it was a perfect contrast to the weekend of Electronic music I had enjoyed.  The atmosphere is quaint and kitschy, with a buffalo head on the wall, inexpensive beer flowing like water, and a great assortment of live music.  Sunday was classic Country & Western, and it was great for some intimate conversation and cheap (but huge) tacos to snack on.
I would definitely return-- a real classic gem in NoLib.The bartender I had was ultra ultra nice and gave me and my friend free shots.. BUT.. lots of places have nice bartenders.  I'm only giving this place 3 stars because it kind of has a horrible set up for bands.  I had to stay over by the bar area because all of the tables were taken.  I've only been here once.  I'd go back for a beer or whatever, but I certainly would not go out of my way. Lots of better places to catch live music in the area.I've been here a couple of times, and it keeps getting better.
Last night my roommate and I walked in to grab a quick drink and stumbled across a show. It was a pleasant surprise, as I didn't think there would be much going on a Monday night. The cover was cheap--$5 for four bands. The music was great. Various kinds of rock/folksy music. I've seen a jazz show here before as well and that was great too.
It's the perfect environment for drinking. It's my ideal bar. I love the lighting and the candles. The bartenders are friendly. 
The only thing I would complain about is when I went in on a Friday night they had this awful metal music playing.I went here to see my friend's band play, and though they put on a great show, the bar itself is kind of weird. The stage is along the side wall rather than the back, but since the bar is kind of narrow that means the foot of the stage is only about four feet from the opposite wall. Whose idea was that? Also it seemed like most of the bar's patrons weren't too interested in the show going on, but the volume made it impossible to sit and have a conversation. Ortlieb's doesn't seem quite sure of what it's trying to be, and while it was a fine place to spend an evening, it definitely didn't impress me.A real dive bar experience. Charmingly "grimy" (actually very clean and sanitary, but exudes that ambiance without being pretentious) 70s interior--red lighting and all--nice bartender, Kyle, and his lady sidekick whose name I didn't catch. Listened to the Chris Oatts Quartet for a couple hours, and those fellows are veritably prodigious--total steal, to savor their music for free.  Found my new Tuesday night hangout, and, I think, my new favorite bar.I dig Ortlieb's because:
1. Their happy hour goes until 7:30 (as someone who works until 6:30 and misses happy hour all of the time this is welcomed) and they have $1.50 soft tacos!
2. Those soft tacos are pretty good. In general, all of the restaurants that are owned by the people who own Ortlieb's have fairly cheap food that is actually delicious which is why I'll pick this spot over some others in the area.
3. I don't go to shows there often but it looks like they finally blocked off the show area from the main dining/drinking area which is good because I don't always want to come for the show. Now I can come and have a beer without having to pay the $ for the show. Also the set up of their stage before was awful and this is a much better way to divide the room.The vegan nachos were very disappointing . To charge 9 dollars for vegan nachos without "vegan beef" or like a decent vegan cheese is pretty crazy. They were literally chips, "brownish" colored vegan cheese, guac, and tomato. I love this bar but they could really up there vegan game by treating vegan food like the rest of their menus. I would like to see a vegan taco option too.Orliebs, a bar of wet beer. Divey, dark, and awesome. Happy hour here is amazing because it run 6PM-8PM. I am often not out of work until 6 or 7, so this is perfect. It's also great to finish up a happy hour that you've started elsewhere. 
The beer is cheap, the food is cheap, there is often live music ($5 cover after 7 or 8, at least on Fridays). During happy hour, draught beer is $3 (domestic) or $4 (craft) and  there are dollar tacos served with one of my favorite homemade hot sauces to date. I could drink the stuff! Pro tip: order 1 soft bean taco and 1 hard beef taco. When those suckers show up, slam the beef taco in the bean taco to create a heaping double decker of delicious flavor-texture magic.   Also, their sweet potato fries are off the hook. Large, crispy, and perfectly salted. Don't order the shredded chicken...it's kinda dry and not very flavorful.
Their new drink "The Big-O" is $5 all the time. Muddled orange and cherries with Tully and a splash of sour mix. It's one of my personal faves but results in an empty glass faster than I can say "yum!" 
CAUTION: If you order the hot buffalo wings, be ready to be brought to your knees. I like spicy...but these things could bring down a small empire.
If you're looking for a chill place to have a speaking voice conversation with friends, get drunk, and be merry, look no further!We have been there a few times, particularly for happy hour, 6-8pm. 
They have about 8 drafts, they all seemed to be all local or micro-brews.
They are run by the same people as Drinker's so their happy hour specials are pretty similar: $2 Domestic Drafts / $6 Domestic Pitchers $3 Craft Drafts / $9 Craft Pitchers $1 Tacos plus $3 Stoli Drinks 'til 10pm And all the time specials $2 PBR's, $4 Tullamore Shots, $3 Tuaca Shots
Anyway, bean tacos are awesome but honestly, haven't had anything bad on the menu. 
The only sorta negative I would say is that it's like SUPER DARK in there. Not always a bad thing but I feel like with the current weather people are looking to get out and get some sun. 
Staff was super nice every time we visited and the bar really only gets packed later in the evening once music starts up.Tuesday nights still feature live jazz and the tacos with their delicious homemade sauce can't be beat. The few non Tuesday nights I've been there has been a cover, and the experience of just another generic indie rock bar as seen through the filter of the people who own Drinker's.This is definitely one of my favorite bars in Philly.  Tiny, low key, live music, and a reasonably timed happy hour from 6-8 PM.  The only thing stopping this from 5 stars was they used to have a weekend happy hour from 8-10 or 10-12, but I guess that was just too good to be true.  Food isn't bad and definitely isn't as pretentious or expensive as the "gastropub" fare of other Northern Liberties spots.the best bar in the world with the sexiest bartenders you've got some serious things to work out with yourself if you don't like this placeI found myself in the back of Ortliebs for a spur of the moment Sunday night invite.  A friend's boyfriend's band (or something like that, you know how the saying goes) knew a few people playing at Ortliebs.  It was a Sunday night and what the heck - it'd be great to check out a different place and see some friends. 
I walk into the first door where a man was standing there to check IDs.  Then he proceeded to say "there's a 5$ suggested donation" .  Well I wasn't really thinking - I guess I thought it was for a unmentioned charity or I'm not sure what I was thinking.  So I responded "No, I'm good today but thanks... maybe on the way out".  He looked ok with it. Then I realized, donation to the bar. Right! So I hand the gentleman 5$ and I just don't make eye contact and walk in.  It goes to show you it really is suggested but not mandatory. 
We ordered a few different varieties of wings.  One with spicy peanut and the other with Cajun - I let the group order and trust their judgment. I've never been here so I'm down to try anything new.  Both spicy peanut and Cajun were great.  It wasn't the typical buffalo wings.  The spicy peanut wasn't too peanuty at all - almost surprisingly not that peanuty.  Both flavors came with the standard celery and blue cheese dipping sauce. 
Their drink selection looks pretty decent.  That night I only had one cocktail which came in a martini glass... I wasn't expecting a lemonade/sweet tea cocktail to come like that... I guess what I'm saying is... I wish I had more.  The server poured the cocktail out of the shaker, but left with the shaker.  I wish either my drink was in a standard glass or she had left the shaker with additional drink in there.I used to come to this place every Friday during happy hour between the times of 6-8 to feast on their tacos, which were $1 per taco at the time. But anyways, I came to place again last week after a long hiatus, and they have moved their happy hour to 5:30-7:30 and now charge $1.50 for tacos.They also have $3-4 drafts and $12 pitchers. The tacos were amazing and the beers, pretty cheap. They also had music playing with bands setting up and getting ready to perform. The place is extremely dark though, in that lighting is very scarce. The waitress that I have been fortunate enough to get most times I'm there knows me as the one who asks for BBQ sauce with the tacos. She also provided my table with a pitcher on the house once which was awesome! I had their Sweet 'N Spicy Habanero wings and their Bacon Cheddar fries and they were pretty good.Mackenzie puts on the most lit as fuck shows. Bands be sick. I'm telling you fam, get the tacos. Shit is nice.Ortlieb's Lounge rocks! 
We have been making this an almost weekly thang coming here for the $1 tacos and cheap beers! Wow what a deal! the tacos are not your tiny tacos that you get at other taco joints in the city. what you get is a delicious normal sized crunchy taco (choice of beef, chicken, veggie) filled with deliciousness and they have a nice spicy homeade taco sauce to go along with. great bar and atmosphere with live music almost nightly. a definite place to try for happy hour and beyond!Best bathroom in Philadelphia, hands down. Get yourself a camera and your best girlfriends and go. Drinks are pretty tasty, with a few fun crafted cocktails to choose from. The whole place is sort of skinny so it can feel claustrophobic when crowded, but hey I get it. Drinks still flow pretty fast, even with a crowd thanks to great bartenders. Sound is pretty good here, both from bands and djs, but again the stage is in a weird place so there's not a ton of room for dancing or watching. It's still worth it for the bathrooms alone. Amazing.I need to update this review because we have been back several times since and I must say this spot has swiftly become our 2nd favorite bar in NoLibs (Abbaye will always be first in our book but this is not far behind)!
And I have moved on from the tacos and made a new friend - the burger.  Oh my dear gods, the burger!  They HAVE to use Montreal Steak Seasoning - it is so flavorful and always cooked as ordered.  I get it with american cheese and a side of mayo.  Whip me up some fancy dipping sauce and then I go to town.  I believe it's only 5.50, which is still mad decent.
As our group has grown from 2 to 3 or more usually for a Thursday Ortliebs ritual, we have been getting a booth in the back and always accomodated by our waitress.  But Jimmy the bartender recognizes us and still greets us warmly even if we don't saddle up to his bar.  
This place rocks!Came solely for Taco Tuesday and had a chill time. Great dive bar vibe, very casual and good soundtrack. Tacos are what you pay for; well worth the $2. I got the pork, spicy beef and buff chick. Spicy beef crunchy with their hot sauce was def the best one. The chips were great but the pico was terrible. The tomatoes were huge chunks in these tiny plastic cups, not a good chip to pico ratio at all. Can't wait to come back to see some shows and comedy nights.Cute dive bar with a solid vegan menu. Most vegan options are tofu-derived but that's no problem because their buffalo sauce was amazing. Got the buffalo tacos as per bartender recommendation and loved them!I gots to start out highlighting Ortlieb's Happy Hour specials since that's exactly when I walked in: $3-4 drafts and $1 tacos from 6-8 pm. Bam! I was all over that.
Three chicken tacos (one hard shell, two soft shell). +1
Cheddar fries with bacon and jalapenos (definitely serves two, even though I tried to prove otherwise). +1
Rogue Chocolate Stout. +1
Plenty of change back from a $20 bill. +1
Delicious, dark, divey and definitely another sweet No Libs find.I love the new lay out! I've been going to this place since it was a jazz bar and the stage location was awkward. Performers essentially played to the wall. Now there is a separate room with a stage in the back half of the venue. It's much easier to watch the show and you can also choose to just come there to drink now. The cover is no longer charged at the front door. Same great beer selection and cool vibe. I'm happy to see this place doing so well.Oh I love Ortlieb's! Friendliest & coolest bartenders in all of Philly. Honestly I don't think I've ever met such a hospitable bartender squad. I've been to Ortlieb's a couple of times to see my friend's band perform- such a fun spot and great venue. I'll be back soon!My fav neighborhood bar.  Friendly people and good food.  Karaoke night is fun and so is bingo night!I love, love, love Ortliebs. My boyfriend and I have become good friends with the bartenders here over many a Taco Tuesday ($2 tacos and half off drafts, need I say more). It can definitely be a packed/grungy vibe when they host shows, but for the most part it's a blast and a great happy hour spot. AMAZING hot sauce. Thanks for making Tuesdays a little better, Ortliebs.Amazing vibe in this bar!! One of my favorite places to visit in Philly on a Saturday night, especially when they have their all vinyl DJs spinning wax. Great people and service, tasty tacos, and $3 beers - what more could you ask for? :)Great atmosphere, good beer specials and love the frito pie and wings.Good old Ortleibs. My go to place in northern liberties during the week. The owner Kyle and the whole staff are awesome. My favorite night is taco Tuesday for $2 tacos. Some of the best tacos in the area with some killer homemade hot sauce. They have live music almost every night but you usually need to buy a ticket to enter the music room (that's cool though because you never have to pay cover just to go to the bar). 
They have great happy hour deals as well for beers and tacos.A few guys sat down behind instruments on stage. No singer was in sight. It quickly turned into a good old fashioned jam session. As the night went on shady patrons entered the bar with instruments strapped to their backs: keyboard, saxophone, guitar, and even a trombone. What's going on here? Who are these people? One by one they whipped out their instruments and started to jam along. They flawlessly exchanged members moving from one jam to the next. Each musician gave the night a different vibe and feel. It was ad-libbed funky blues of aww-yeah.
Ortlieb's is pretty interesting to say the least, it's an outlet for Temple's music school. If you're not afraid of a refined hipster crowd and you're looking for something way different, say the blues, jazz, or even a little comedy, then go check it out. Every night is something different. Check their website for exact drink specials and shows that evening!I love this place foood and drinks are amazing!! The attention need to be better but for drinks its perfectIf you want hipsters with full sleeve tattoos, ironic music, and cheap Kenzingers, then this is your place.Where do I begin.... the WORST group of staff members I have ever dealt with. On instagram, Facebook, and by phone we were notified that extra New Year's Eve tickets would be sold for a small  concert. At 6:55 we arrived at Ortlieb's and were then notified that doors would not be open til 7:15 (it's January, it's freezing outside.. even though there was room inside, they would not allow us to stand there). after waiting until 7:18 we were told "it's almost ready" so we waited until 7:35 when we were finally accommodated by an unhappy, rude staff member (all staff members were all drinking at the bar).. they cursed and berated us about buying tickets at the door saying this was not allowed but they will sell them anyways (even though it was advertised online as an option). We tried to politely argue our case but they refused to listen and were short, explicit, and demeaning towards us. None the less we got tickets. When we came back later, the girl working their "photo booth" ($5 for one Polaroid picture sitting on a couch) was SO RUDE and sarcastic, not in a funny way. She made fun of us and rolled her eyes. The same man who sold us tickets earlier was equally as rude, making snide remarks and pushing people out of the way as he walked through. Too bad, cute bar that could be fun but ruined by an incompetent, unfriendly staff. WILL NEVER COME BACK AGAIN.Awful! I don't like writing bad reviews but this is an exception. I wish I could give this place 0 stars! The places overall if fine but the service is beyond terrible! Can not believe how rude some people can be! Came there for the music left due to a horrible waiter. The place was not busy and him being so rude did not keep me there. Would never ever go back.