this is an alright bar, not the kind of place you just want stop in for a drink, the atmosphere can be kind of a downer, but if you've got a big group of people and can take up the corner tables it's a great place for 5 dollar pitchers and bad jukebox songs nobody wants to admit they know all the lyrics to. few people I know have braved the food here (nothing vegan that I know of) but if you want to test the resilience of your stomach this is probably as good a place as any.Not sure how I came to find Oscars, I was strolling around waiting for dinner and this little cobbled street appeared out of no where right in between Street and Market Street. The bright colored lights, quaint feeling and back alley kind of feeling drew me to start walking. Unfamiliar with my surroundings, I checked the streets to make sure I knew how to retrace my steps. The sun had just dropped behind the row of building on my right and shadows crept slowly up the walls to my left. A row of tiny little shops, bars, falafel, boutiques, street level, half level up and basement level. In the midst was Oscars Tavern. 
I walk in and am obviously from away because I order a Yuengling. You don't order yuengling in Pennsylvania, you order a lager. She asked big or small, I said big. The lady next to me pulled the empty stool between her and me closer to me. Her absent friend whose cigarette pack and light were on the counter never returned - when I left, they were still sitting right where they were when I got there. 
The owner was tending bar as well. Very talkative and friendly. As soon as the empty hit the bar, I was asked if I'd like another. 
Down the right end of the bar, a grill used to whip up cheese steaks, burgers and other fried amusingness. If I wasn't waiting to go to dinner, I could not have resisted, everything looked amazing. This place is completely local, I am sure I was the only foreigner in the joint. The line cook, the bartender and the owner knew the name of every other person that came into the bar. Bar booths, red colors, blinking lights, tall bar stools, low ceilings, small front window. My kind of place.I really love this bar. The perfect pre-gamer. You don't go to this bar for a great beer selection, although they've been getting a few craft beers in more. You go here to have a huge glass of cheap crappy beer, some onion rings, and watch all the interesting characters around you. Always a welcoming place.I ALWAYS have the best times here.  A little dive bar on Sansom has cheap beer and a no frills environment.  I went there a couple of years ago and met this guy who kept telling my friend and I to come with him to Bristol (not in a creepy way, but in a fun way).  We politely declined, and he said that cousin Earl would be upset and that he is going to tell mama over Sunday dinner.  He told us not to be late.  I won't.I have never been to an establishment where the bartenders and entire staff have had such an attitude and made their patrons feel like second class citizens. Specifically, the bartender Bill was so rude and obnoxious when ordering drinks it made me want to throw my drink in his face. The guy is an absolute Bum who has no business working in a Burger King. The show Bar Rescue is the only thing that comes to mind here.Wow, this place is a VERY locals-only kind of place. You walk in and are greeted with a the smell of fried foods and the sight of a thousand Phillies shirts. None of this is a bad thing, but a bit jarring when your previous stop that night was Franklin.
I had the massive long island (obviously) which was drinkable and --did I mention?-- massive. No regrets there. I could see myself coming back here when I'm in the mood for a no-frills night of cheap booze and sports on the TVs.
The bathrooms did, however, make me want to vomit.I love Oscar's Tavern. As a patron who usually doesn't frequent dives, I have to admit upon first entering I was mortified. Yes, I know it sounds ridiculous.
When I went for the first time last year it was dark, looked dirty, smelled like old beer and there was a drunk guy stumbling around and in the back that my friend and I were guessing if he was a regular or an employee. The glasses didn't look too clean and the grill was exposed and part of the bar.
Once you get past all that, you have ridiculously cheap beer in large quantities. They used to have Lionshead on tap. My love for shitty beer appreciated this. They now have PBR on tap. This warmed my heart.
I still haven't ordered any food here and don't think that I ever will because the guy cooking it skeeves me out, but my friends have drunkenly munched on fries and chicken tenders and they didn't seem too lethal. 
Beware, this place is cash only and the closest ATM is in Bar 1518 a few doors only. Also, if you want the most bang for your buck, get the tall boys and Lager is always on special.If my life were 'Shaune of the Dead', this bar would unfortunately be my Winchester. 
The food sucks but let's be honest, you're not there to eat. One goes to Oscar's to get wasted, on the cheap. Their long islands are a bit pricey ($12) but you're getting 23 ounces of booze. 
Yes, it's dingy but nobody will bother you. Unless of course, it's a waitress who cannot pronounce, "Kenzinger" but HEY! Whatever, nobody is perfect and my glass was never empty.True dIve bar where the waitress may not always remember your name but knows your order.  You can supersize your beers.  It's not for the faint of heart.  There's a lurid haze of smoke that hangs over the place and clings to your every molecule.  For some reason, I love it.
You can get a decent sized group in here.  The crowd varies based on the night, but it definitely has its share of regulars (read daytime alcoholics).  I frequented this place every Wed night all summer long and have a great store of memories.$3.25 PBR's and cheese fries are one way to enjoy the end of a Friday workday. If you're not a beer drinker, take a look at the placemats because they're covered with cocktail options.
The waitresses at Oscar's are friendly and usually on top of their game. Seating is almost always a problem though, but once you've got a spot it's hard not to kick back and stay for a while. Women, be mindful of the toilet paper supply, it's rarely ever stocked.There were three for two cheesesteaks; there were potato chips. There were cheap beers, shots, comradery, good times, and some girl who was either a prostitute, a questionably moraled coworker, or like, the worst granddaughter. Ever.
AND SHE MADE OUT WITH EVERYBODY.
Well I guess she really one made out with the two guys. One jealous young man who was her age and one lucky old chap 30 years her senior. But the whole bar was trying to figure out who they both were. So, like, whatever man. I'm drunk.
Come to oscar's for the cheesesteaks, stay for the show.I may have given it more stars if I did more than rush in to have a pint of Octoberfish.
I just wanted to say that YOU CAN'T SMOKE HERE!
this is a NO-SMOKING BAR!
thank you,Great place to kick back and relax with a big cheap beer. Comfortable no-frills bar. Super-friendly (if overworked) staff.  The food isn't great, but it's as good as I would expect for a little divey spot like this; I like it. Whenever a group of my friends wants to go out together, Oscar's is my first suggestion.I love Oscar's - great center city dive ( they are dwindling, sadly... ) with $4 giant beers, decent bar food and super friendly staff! There's no judgement here. With Nodding Head gone ( not that it was a dive,  but a nice place with decent clientele) I hope this section of Sansom Street doesn't turn into the club district. Ugh. Long Live Oscar's!
Only con - Cash only - but I imagine it keeps their prices down so I wont complain.Every Two Years... My buddy SGP and I have swung through Philly a few times now and we always find ourselves circling back through Oscar's at some point.  Cheap beer, entertaining crowd, good music, great drinking food, and the staff is amazing, especially Suzanna (sp?).Cheap beer
More quantity
Huge Cheese steaks (very good too)
Dive
Sold
Sold
Sold (sold)
SoldThe best kind of filthy hole-in-the-wall. The servers here are remarkably kind and, while there is clearly a high showing of the local alcoholic demographic, they are all very sweet drunks. 
I'm reasonably sure I put ten dollars in the juke box and picked every song that played that night. 
I quite dug on this dingy dive -- damn cheap, fab juke, dirty in all the right ways. We pulled the trifecta out by coming three nights in a row, you should too!I LOVE dive bars...bars you walk into and you know the same people come in here every day, the waitress can spot your new..she's a little gruff at first and then becomes your best friend by the time you leave. That's the feel at this one....AND their cheese fries are made with cheese wiz! Omg...I will be back to indulge on those again....plus my drink was strong...you knew they actually put alcohol in it. GREAT little place.If you look up "dive bar" in the dictionary, Oscar's should be there!
You've got your old men veteran club bellied up to the bar in their Phillies caps and pitchers of Pabst Blue Ribbon, your college crowd crammed into the booths in the back being loud and drunk as per usual, your hipsters slumming around and scattered throughout, along with many other stereotypical groups of dive-bar-goers.  
Cheap draft beer, fast service, never too cramped to make you want to scream at the topof your lungs, and always someone just a few seats down to strike up interesting (yet often bizarre) conversation with.  Great late night destination with friends.Oscar's is the place to go when you're heading in the direction of last call and you want to catch one last drink with your friends.
If you can get your butt in a booth order a drink and enjoy the show! It's a real mixed crowd and the bar gets more and more fun as time goes on. 
Oscar's has this great old school feel and the staff is fun and totally along for the ride.One of the last bars left of its kind. There is almost no place that can compare. You can have a great time and hang out all night for less then 20 dollars, food included. Has the vibe of Cheers but so much better. Jukebox with some great oldies as well as some new stuff. The food was great bar type food. Everyone from a college kid to an old drunk is in here truly on of the last great dive bars.Tall Lagers and wings? Yes!
3 doors from work? Oh yes!
Cheap? Yep!
Laid back? Totally!
Is Scotty The Man? YES!
Do they own me? Absolutely.
I love going there after work, no matter what time it is. If you aren't difficult and just want beer and relax, this is it!Stopped for dinner. Place is dirty. Bathroom had feces and period on it. Burgers are big but tasteless. The coke was great!DON'T:
take forever in the bathroom
go here on a weekend with a large group
forget to order a 'tall' beer
be one of those people that pre-game's for the surrounding clubs
DO:
come here on a weeknight
order a tall 'long island iced tea'
play great songs on the jukebox'
order something to snack on
come frequently
oscars on weeknights is totally different from oscars on the weekends,
i like oscars on weeknights, 
i like to drink my drinks,
i don't like oscars on weekends, 
i don't like drinks spilled on me.I ate lunch here with some coworkers for the first time this week. The food was good and the prices are reasonable. The reason why the food is so cheap is because the building appears to be in desperate need of renovation.  To call this a dive bar is being generous. Numerous water stains and what appears to be mold throughout the ceiling. I'm really not sure how this establishment has not been closed by the health department.Oscar's is my favorite bar in Center City, hands down. The staff is friendly and the drinks are cheap.Situated right in Center City and practically on Broad Street, Oscar's is definitely worth a look.  This place is home to an unusually heterogeneous crowd, all seeming to appreciate the various strings of Michael Jackson, Queen, and Police songs.  The Jukebox is essential.  The 22 oz. tall glasses of  Yuengling for $3 is also essential to its success as a venue!  They also have a really nice, cheap dinner and snack menu.  Burgers for $5 or less, $1.75 french fries, etc.  It's nice not having to pay $5 for a few fries.
My only complaints are:  it was a little over crowded...which isn't too terrible until your service slows down considerably.  Our service became slow and non-existent.  There was also smoking inside.
It was a great place to meet up with some friends that I haven't seen in a few years.It's been a while since we've been to Oscars but it was just as great as when we left it.  Popped in after the mummers parade on new years day to watch some college football and enjoy the jukebox.  Had a great time!  Stayed later than planned too...it's just tough to leave such a nice time! Wish we had an Oscars in our town!I love dive bars. Dive bars are fun. They're inexpensive. They have an unpretentious attitude. They have real chill bartenders..... Most of the time. 
Came here on a Friday to get some late night drinks. Everything seemed fine when we walked in. Place looked chill. When we went to go sit down though the bartender snapped at us. Apparently someone was sitting there. There was no way for us to know. 
It wasn't a huge deal. I'm not gonna slam the place, it had a chill vibe, cheap drinks, and it looked like everyone was having fun. After our round though, we felt we should take our business elsewhere.$7.25 CheeseSteak Special for one and half cheesesteak is the only reason I visited Oscar's Tavern. Nobody can turn away that kind of deal! A friend and I shared the special and we both left satisfied. The cheesesteak bread roll was warm and soft, and the bread to meat ratio was perfect! Cheesesteak had fried onions and American cheese (I think). The flavor was great on its own, without any condiments. I think its comparable to other highly rated cheesesteaks in Philly, such as Jim's. Its nice to know that now I don't have to travel all the way to South Philly to get a good cheesesteak, and did I mention its only $7.25 for 1.5 cheesesteak?!?!
The atmosphere was unique, It looks like sports bar with Christmas lights, Happy birthday signs and an old school juke box. But hey, whatever floats their boat I guess, because on a Thursday night, the place was packed with only 1 bartender and 1 waitress. Service wasn't too slow, since most people took advantage of the beer on draft more than the food. 
I would definitely go back for the cheesesteak again, perhaps try their other items. My friend got the Oscar Special (Italian hoagie with chips), and the portion was surprising large.Oscar's is one of my favorite spots to get drinks!
The server is super sweet and friendly, and there's never been a moment where I or my friends have felt ignored or forgotten l. 
(Although, since it's usually pretty crowded after work, getting your check can sometimes prove to be a hassle.)
Second, the atmosphere is great if you're into good, loud music, tables of people talking and laughing over each other, and cool red lighting. Definitely a grade-A dive bar.
Third, I'm usually teetering on the edge of broke, and Oscar's doesn't force me to stretch my wallet. Speaking of which, remember to stop by the ATM beforehand. Cash only!!
Fourth, the nachos are Satan. They tempt me EVERY. SINGLE. TIME.
Fifth... Well, I hadn't planned on a fifth reason. It's situated smack dab in the middle of Sansom between 15th and 16th so you're super close to the MFL, BSL, and Regional Rail Lines. Convenient for if if you don't live in the area.I've only been to Oscar's twice. The first time around, it was super crowded, and had a terrible stench.I was not impressed. I generally frequent gastropubs since I'm a foodie, but I'm a down girl from the hood. I can branch out and enjoy a dive here and there.
My second time was on a weeknight so my date and I were able to sit and hear each other. The beer list has more than the simple Millers, Buds, and PBRs, which is a plus. I haven't had anything to eat here and I almost never see any of the other patrons munching away. However, the star of the place seems to be the jukebox.
Good, reasonably priced beers, laid-back atmosphere, and an interactive attraction; I'm a fan!MASSIVE cheesesteak.  Three 8" sections in a basket.  Bulimia would help to get it all in there.  
My kinda place.It is what it is! That's the best way I can sum this place up. Does it have the best food? Nope. Does it have amazing cocktails? Nope. Does it have great interior? Nope. Does it say it does? Nope. That's why it's so well liked. Sincere, honest dive bar with an interesting crowd, fast friendly service and cheap food.A dive bar located in the middle of pretentious Center City. Can't get much better then that.
Place always seems clean (minus the bathrooms, but it is a dive bar), the staff is extremely friendly, the beer is cheap and the food cheaper. People are always hovering around the jukebox and the clientele, young and old, always seems friendly and talkative.
Pretty much all you can ask for.After our groups outing in the city for the holiday events we stopped in at Oscar's on the way to the high speed line. A long and narrow place was pretty busy. We found a few small tables together since the bar was full. Bar maid immediately came over to ask what we needed. Ordered up a few beers to kill some time. I felt a little cramped and it was very warm, but it fulfilled a need at the right time.I went here for the first time last night, and I must say, it felt Jay's (my hometown bar, which I yelped about).  It was perfectly dive, and very friendly.  
The beer was cheap ($3.50 for a 20oz Yuengling draft), $5 for a burger (had the German - egg, peppers, cheese - delicioso yo), and all kinds of music in the background.  The patrons of this place are all friendly, talking about the Phillies last night with anyone that was paying attention.  The crowd was mixed with young and old, and was diverse.  Tonya the bartender was friendly and personable.  
I'd say the attire is whatever goes, but go for more casual.  I had on sort of Miami attire (b/c of an event I was at prior) which turned a couple heads, but after I sat down, no one cared and it was all good.Oscars is the dive bar you've always wanted. The drinks are so cheap ($4 for a huge beer) and the bar is dark with music playing loudly in the back. It gets hard to grab a seat by the bar later in the night but during the afternoon it's easy to grab a booth and catch up with friends. The service is always fast and attentive. It's cash only so make sure you come preparedOscars is great for those days off when you really don't have much to do, so drinking at noon sounds like a great idea...haha just joking (or am I?)
The place has no windows so when you step out at 4 PM and its still light out you get a little disoriented (of course I am speaking from what friends have told me...) The people are always nice and up for an impromptu conversation. And the cheese-steak and a half deal can't be beat. They never run out of lager  and you rarely walk out spending more than 20 bucks. 
Nothing has changed my mind about this place over the years. This is a no attitudes place where you can go to unwind, drink and chat. 
If you enjoy a friendly crowd, cheap eats and drinks and great atmosphere, make it a place to stop when in the neighborhood.I love this bar. The clientele, bartenders, and waitresses alike are extremely friendly. Every time I've been there everyone's easy going, no one is trying to be cool, everyone is truly enjoying themselves over a couple of cheaply-priced libations. It's the place to go for a good, care-free time no matter who you are or what you're into. Some nights you can smoke inside, too. "Your neighborhood bar in the middle of the city." A real favorite of mine.Love this place for being a neighborhood bar in over priced Center City. Best menu item I had was chicken parm sandwich. Only other things I tried were wings, chicken cheesesteak, fries, & onion rings. All were just ok but what you'd expect from bar food. 
Come here if you want a stiff drink with no pretense. Don't be too hungry & you'll be fine.A perfectly placed dive bar in a very trendy part of the city. Both times I've come here, I've had great service and even better cheesesteaks! 
It is one if the best deals in the area to get a cheesesteak and a half for $7 after 4 pm! I also recommend the crabby fries which are as addicting and better seasoned than chickie and Pete's...and only $3.50 vs $8. 
Both during happy hour and late night it seems to have a small crowd of locals jut hanging out watching TV. It is definitely a good place to catch up with a friend or simply a place to grab a quick bite. 
Sadly the only thing that is massively annoying is that the place is cash only and there is no ATM on the premise it even on the block! So come prepared with bills and an empty belly.Oscar's, thou art my favourite dive bar in all of the goode city of Philadelphia.  How do I love thee?  Let me count the ways:
* $8 pitchers of Lager (Yuengling for ya out of towners)
* Awesome cheese fries
* Non-Ironic 70s era decor
* Every type of person imaginable somewhere in the bar (hipsters, suits, middle aged couples)
* Convenient location
* Long Island Iced teas that will F*** YOUR SHIT UP
...and let's not forget the evening when a troupe of bagpipers stormed in, jamming away.  They paused to drink a round, then played on, then drank, then played - right there in the middle of the bar! - and got progressively worse as the night went on.  A bar that can deliver that kind of absurd experience is a bar I will (and have!) visit twice in one night.
Oscar's, thou art the divey-est dive that ever dived.  And I adore thee for it.I love this place, the tall lager is HUGE and it's real fun to go with a couple of friends. I don't think I'd go there alone because I'd find it boring.Good ol Oscars, what can't you do here?  Cheap massive beers, eclectic crowd.  Great as a full nighter, quick drink, late night food spot.  The versatility here ends at formal night out though.  Unless you like cheap bar food as a formal night, who am I to judge?Best spot to grab a lager in Rittenhouse. Definitely would visit this circus again. Love the lightening. Love the vast prince selection on the jukebox. Love the food! Sometimes it does get full of creatures, but that just makes it better. I've been coming here for years. Super reasonable too!Love the giant long island ice teas, the cheasteak and a half and incredable bar staff!It has been a long hard road, months of searching, always coming up short. I thought I was doomed to fail. But my quest is finally over, and I have found you, and now my life can truly begin. 
Naked Photohunt and PBR in the same establishment. Thank god.Cash only. Diverse groups of people. Red lights, cheap domestic beers on tap, and lots of fried foods. The men's bathroom toilet has duct tape on it. Yep, dive bar.We had a large group on a Saturday night, and the wait staff did a great job accommodating us (rearranged tables, asked others to move to a smaller table, etc).
And big beers!Dive bar. Dim lighting. Leather booths that were falling apart. Ceiling tiles that were soaked brown from leaky pipes. 
Staff was nice. Domestic draft beers for $4.As soon as I walk out of there with a couple of friends, Jack Bauer (Kiefer Sutherland) walks in yesternight, and I missed him! I mean, a celebrity is just a rich human being, I know that, but Jack Bauer has saved the world roughly one day every 18 months or so for the last (taking into account all of the seasons) 10 years. And for that I wish to shake his hand. Another one of my friends who had stayed got a picture with him though, so I can experience vicariously through him. 
But anyway... the place is chill. I like it. As far as dive bars go, I prefer it to other places I've been to. The music that you hear while you frequent this bar is absolutely amazing. It's really not much, yet it oozes amazingness. Or that could be something I accidentally put my hand in, I dunno it was really dark in there.It's not for the faint of heart, and it sure won't make any Rittenhouse Square top 5 lists, but that is what makes Oscar's a decent spot. Beer prices are good, food is edible and the crowd at the bar is the type that may bust out a tune like "One Bourbon, One Scotch, One Beer". Check the douchery at the door. Nothing fancy, just a decent spot to chill out and have a few drinks.I smile everytime i walk by Oscars on my way to work, partially because i know i will be in the joint at some point at the end of the week...weather its stopping in for "a drink" or a good friday night out-meeting up with my best chums to bullshit and play the jukebox: WEEEEZZZER & BILLY IDOL ON BLAST &  REPEAT yo! Ofcourse i love the dingy box of a bathroom (anywhere where u can tag is golden) and the narrow ass walkway to get to the back aswell. CHEAP CHEAP CHEAP is how i rolll and its how Oscars does!
 U will never get into a fight/have a problem with anyone here becuz everyone comes to have a goodtime. This is truly a gem and will always be. Neighborhood bar meets Center City and i would hope everyone loves it here. Whats not to love?This was a stumble-upon rather than a stumble-in kinda visit. M loves a good dive and being it was his birthday weekend, we had to make this unplanned stop. This was our second place of what would become 10 on our Friday night Philly adventure. The cash only bar has reasonable prices, a great selection, and makes one of the best chicken cheesesteaks ever.  For $8.50 our cheesesteak was like 1 1/2 sandwiches, it was big and shareable.  The bartenders and other customers were fun and made the experience that much better.  We enjoyed our food, drink, and playing the touchtunes jukebox. A must go if you love a good dive with good food, drink, people watching, and music.Oscar's Tavern might not be pretty, everything might be cooked on the same grill space that hasn't been scrapped of grease and grim for days, but man I don't think I can go a month without finding myself stuffed into a booth here with a group of friends screaming back and forth about the events of the week. It's easy on your wallet and you can come as you are. Definitely an easy spot to just relax.One of my favorite dive bars to go to if I'm in the Center City shopping district! I love the old school wood paneling and decor. This place is certainly a blast from the past. Staff is nice and accommodating and the prices are cheap! What more can you ask for?!I really used to love this place. So many good memories were made here, and then last night happened. I have never had such poor service before. Our waitress was so offensively rude, we walked out completely disgusted. We even mentioned to other staff working how horrible we were treated, and they could care less. I will never return to this establishment, and I will make sure no one I know will spend their hard earned money here either. No one should ever feel as disrespected as my friends and I did, especially after having such a great night before we walked through the door.place is absolute dog piss. the bathroom smells worse than a country-side outhouse and never has any paper towels, the seating booths are actually (no, not practically) falling apart..... and I love it. one of my favorite places to booze where you can get a 22 ounce, $12 long island iced tea (estimated amount - I usually forget how much this actually is after finishing the first round). many fun nights here.
I'd give it 5 stars out of my fondness; on the other hand, if I take this place as a personification of Philadelphia, it would promptly tell me to leave whatever the hell review I wanted and throw me out into the streets farther than uncle phil.
the french fries here are arguably the best in the city. I'd fight you over this, but I'd probably lose, so, yeah, they're one of the best.This is basically one of my favorite bars in town.
Why?  Because if you're here, you probably want to be here.  If not, you leave quickly.  What's left is a fairly enjoyable mixed crowd that likes to have fun.  Plus, you get a total grab bag of what type of individual you're going to have sitting next to you at the bar.  Don't want to sit at the bar?  The tables are entirely enjoyable as well.
And then there's the beer... the sweet beer that is stupid cheap for 20-23 something ounces per tall glass.  You have a $20 bill?  You can drink for hours.
Bar flys, old drunkards, and kids alike find Oscar's to be a welcome safe haven.  It's darkly lit, kind of dingy, and just plain awesome.
Why just last night, myself and two other people had 13 tall beers and food from the grill amongst the three of us for a $50 total.  Yes, that is just plain awesome.If you're looking for the diamond in the ruff, that local dive with food you're going to consider moving to this city for...you MUST stop at Oscars. 
The wait staff if friendly, but not fake, "I'm working for a tip" friendly.  The Philly cheesesteaks here ARE the best in the area. 
Seriously, we tried them all. Oscars is IT!
Also, Suzanne (employee) is AMAZING! If you're looking for a "Cheers" vibe, you gotta head to Oscars :)You will probably leave this place drunk. You will also leave without feeling broke. A dive bar in Center City sounds a bit like a contradiction, but it's real! For less than $5, you can get a 23oz drink on draft and a Long Island Ice Tea, for about 2.5x the price, but in the same size glass. Now that's scary stuff! The food is alright, nothing really to write home about, as expected from a dive. This place isn't the largest, so it can get packed during weekend nights and during happy hour. So if you need some respite from the other douchey establishments on Sansom, I say come here for a good time and with your cash. No credit cards!Cheap beers. Good sandwiches. Friendly service. Cheap. The space is somewhat cramped, so I recommend getting a table vice standing by the bar.Ok, so I've been to Oscar's MANY times.  When I lived and worked nearby, Oscar's was a regular in my rotation.  Cheap everything.  Cheers-esque.  All kinds of different people (which is very strange to me, but reassuring).  It's a friendly place, but it's very easy to get lost in the shuffle and, therefore, ignored by your waitress, who may or may not be drunk.  So even though the staff is friendly, they may not be attentive.  If you're a person who demands cleanliness, don't look at the ceiling :)The service here is reminiscent of a diner...which is perfectly fine with me. It's difficult to find a bar with a small town feel in this part of Philly but oscars fills the need. Cheap drinks will have me coming back however every time that I go there's an unavoidably obnoxious group of people, no matter the day of the week.If you need a quick cheaper drink if you are in the area passing through or waiting your reservation with another restaurant etc. The crowd appears to be people from all walks of life. 
The prices are fair the service is quick and generally friendly.Real Philadelphians, Cheap, 32oz servings of Yeungling Black & Tan on draft and the friendliest bartender in town. Did I mention she speaks French beautifully? You can't go wrong in here. Unless you're an asshole.$4, 23oz Miller Lite and Yuengling drafts call me hooked dive bar USA. I wish I could remember the little snack prices, but it started at $3 for fries and went to $6 for something. When you walk in, it is dim lighted and a tight walk. Red is the color of choice.
If you are not a Dive Bar person, go to the pretentious bars close by. Bring cash because this is a CASH ONLY BAR.Well priced drinks, good atmosphere, nice wings and great bar staff. 4/5. Would come again.This is a 5 star dive bar.  It has perfectly kitschy outdated decor.  Great booth seating. Inexpensive drinks.  Friendly staff.   Clientele from all walks of life.  And the most awesome jukebox ever.Best thing about this place are the tall, cheapest drinks in town. Forget the overpriced food, guys and dolls. 
I got a nearly Das Boot version of a glass of Blue Moon for less than $5. And here is the place to try those "expensive drinks," like an Old Fashioned for $6! 
Depending on how many drinks you've hand, you can even reach other to that stranger, stick your hand in his afro, and smile and say "Squishy." And maybe get away with it. But let's not omit the occasional bar fights. PIck your battles wisely. 
Here is to being daring, cheap, and taking your hand sanitizer with your ID!I came here specifically for the cheesesteaks. For around $6-$7 they were a good price. It was also more than I expected because they give you an extra half after 5pm. The steak itself was tasty and I liked how thinly cut it was. However I found the bread to be a bit too doughy and dry. It also needed more cheese. They have cheap beers and a good variety on the menu though so I wouldn't mind going back.Oscar's is home to the best mozzarella sticks in the city, and the only place I know where you can get a beer as tall as your forearm for $3.  The owner is awesome and so is his wife, Angel.  The crowd tends to be more diverse than the crowd in many other center city bars, which is a good thing.  The food is fine for bar food (except for the mozz sticks -- have I mentioned how much I love them?), and the drinks are cheap.  It's the perfect place to unwind after work on a Friday, and to me, the most enjoyable dive bar in Philly.Fun divey bar! I am fascinated by old center city businesses and this is definitely one of the few that has made it. I've only gotten drinks here. Good prices, good atmosphere, very low key. Probably my favorite center city dive bar.Before reading about this bar, peep the category overhead: Dive Bars. Just because a place is considered to be a dive bar doesn't mean it won't be a great time or that there are vagrants waiting in the shadows to take your money.
That being said, Oscar's is one of my favorite drinking establishments in the city. The ambience of the dim lighting, and low drum of conversation allow one to blend in and peoplewatch without drawing attention. 
Went down to Center City to go out for SIPS but started and ended my night at Oscar's. When their everyday special is .25 more than the SIPS special, save the crowds, I'm all set.If you stopped in last night you got to hear some 58 year old man named Rick rock out to 4 Van Halen songs on the jukebox wearing clip-on sunglasses and fistpumping. 
The waitstaff here is awesome! Extremely personable, family-run business and they aim to keep it that way. The food is okay, you're at a dive bar, not a gastropub, drink and the food gets better. Regardless, the waitress was nice enough to give us food that somebody ordered and didn't show up for gratis, can't beat free food & cheap drinks.
Don't be that guy who brings the ATM/Debit/Credit card, businesses like this survive running cash-only.Whenever I'm in the area, there's no bar I'd rather go to than Oscar's.  It's painfully divey, but oh-so-good.  $3.25 23-oz lagers??  What a place to get drunk.  Oscar's attracts an enormous variety of people who all leave their pretensions at the door (except for the occasional frat guys who think the lager-special sign is an invitation).  
BOTTOM LINE - Don't waste your time at the bar next door, just come to Oscar's for a good low-key Philly drinking experience.Yup, it's a dive.  But that's usually what I'm looking for.  Cheap beer, no pretentiousness , and lots of fried things.  What more do I have to say, did you want the downside of this place? It's cash only and in a part of Philly that I don't normally hang.  Aside from that it's a great place to lay low and drink or pregame.  Resolution for 2013?  More fried stuff.Oscar's is one of my favorite spots in Center City. I'm definitely partial to dive bars and it's awesome that Philly manages to keep a decent handful of them downtown as an alternative to the sea of shitty overpriced bars with lines full of douchebag college kids and/or young professionals who don't know better than paying $5+ for a Yuengling. Like everyone else mentioned, you can't beat their huge $3 drafts and their mixed drinks are strong and cheap too. 
Oscar's is kind of like McGlinchy's except that the waitresses aren't all constantly miserable and you're more likely to end up sitting next to the neighborhood shoeshine guy (literally) than a bunch of aging hipsters.
Also, after like 6 or so when you order a cheesesteak you get an additional half for free. It's a good deal and also an excuse to eat a cheesesteak and half, which you'll need to soak up all that alcohol you probably shouldn't have consumed immediately after work on a weekday...
This is definitely a stop in for a drink, end up tore up by 8:30pm kind of bar, which warrants a glowing review in my eyes.One of my favorite dive bars in Philly. Just in for the weekend and found this beauty. Stiff drinks. Great bartenders and conversation with mixed crowd at the bar. Neighborhood has lots of fun options.A huge crowd of my friends and I came on New Year's Eve, where Oscar's had a crowd just the right size and no smokiness. My inebriated friend begged me to take the paper placemat listing the different mixed drinks and ingredients, and so I did. I did practically have to sit on a booster seat in order to reach my very tall, cold glass of PBR, which was only 2 or 3 buckaroos.  Who can argue with the basics delivered right? :)