Pretty simple review, because we had a pretty simple dinner:
Food: 2 of us shared wild Alaskan salmon pastrami with pickled red onion and rhubarb salad and one Parma pizza. Salmon pastrami sounded interesting and delivered on taste. Really fresh and left you hungry for more. The pizza was exactly as good as everyone says. Great ingredients, perfect crust, and served at the perfect temp. 
Service: Our waiter was kind, attentive, and put up with our indecisive mentality. Also, the drink menu was displayed on an iPad, which was pretty unique and memorable. 
Ambiance: Perfect space with casual but refined feeling. Could be perfect for really any occasion, or just to grab a quick bite.
Bottom line: I'm definitely coming back.Definately the best Italian Restraunt That I have been to in Philly,
Suggest that you start with the Wood grilled Octopus, that was the highlight of the evening.Recently dined here for a date night out- the atmosphere and ambience was beautiful and trendy. Our waiter(s) were attentive (we had multiple employees come to our table and take orders/deliver food, not quite sure who was our actual server), but service itself was slow. The entire dinner took about 2 hours. I ordered the Chicken alla Grigla and it was okay, my boyfriend ordered the rabbit and loved it. The insalata misticanza is just romaine lettuce and balsamic vinegar- don't waste your money. I ordered the palazzo malgara, nerello mascalese terre siciliane igt 2015 wine and it was absolutely amazing- definitely a great wine. Lastly- the artisinal cheese board was fabulous- I would 10/10 recommend the cheese board.Great food.  Good service.  My wife and I had our anniversary dinner here and really enjoyed the experience and the food.  I had the tuna steak and sausage, which was perfect.I went here on a business dinner with co-workers. We were a group of 5. Our waiter was VERY nice and precise when it came to taking our wine orders and explaining the menu. We ordered the antipasta portioned out for 5. It was delicious and we were all impressed. However, from there our service started to decline. I believe it was a problem in the kitchen because our waiter kept apologizing for the wait. When our food finally came out my dish felt a little luke warm like it has been sitting out for a while- I ordered the halibut with mussels. The dish came with mushrooms and some kind of sauce. I was a little full from the antipasta so I only took a couple of bites of the fish which was cooked perfectly but would have been better it is was warmer. Something on the dish was a little too salty- I think it may have been either the mussels or sauce.  All in all it was a decent experience- I'd like to go back and try again.Have been a fan for a long time, but haven't been there in quite a while. On a recent visit to Philly, I made my way there and was not disappointed.  Sat at the bar and my bartender was attentive and knowledgeable.  Had the marinara pizza which was excellent and the meat plate which was as good as I remembered (the mustardo honey with a mustard spice to it and artichoke makes the plate.)  I had the gnocchi for dinner and it was pretty good as well.  I still feel like the price is fair for the quality and service and I will certainly keep it in my rotations when visiting Philly again.My fiancé and I are new to the area and were excited to try out an Italian restaurant near us. We are also on the hunt for a wedding venue and thought this restaurant may have had potential. We were very disappointed with the quality the food. We ordered the crab gnocchi and the Francobolli Ravioli- the gnocchi was drenched in butter and salt and the crab tasted like it came from a can. As far as the ravioli it was similarly salted and each ravioli hardly had any filling. The service was perfectly fine and the atmosphere was pleasant, but the food was pricey and simply not good! We got takeout from whole foods after we left. I'd skip this place if looking for some good Italian food.Great appetizers, great service, great food...but two pasta dishes were just too salty: spaghetti with calamari and the bucatini.  The other food (pizza and cavatelli) were just right.  Not  sure what's up with the salt.
We've been here many times, and the place is finally more relaxed.  Or rather, the customers coming in are more relaxed.  Families were eating, people in shorts, old, young...More like an osteria.Pizza - pretty good
Marinated veggies - really good- somewhat small
stamp pasta - really good but way too small for a meal (don't get it).
Bread of course is brought to the table - AWESOME!
Waitress had a great sense of humor.  Gave one of our guys a hard time which so too funny.  Definitely would return.
If you have never tried octopus, this is the place to get it.  It was really good and tender.I finally made it to Osteria after four years of living in Philadelphia.  I would not say that it is the best pizza in Philly . . . I will say that it is a fantastic dining experience.  I love the space, and I love the noise and bustling on a Saturday night.  
It has been a long time since I've eaten in a restaurant in Philadelphia where I've literally wanted to try every item on the menu.  I was so overwhelmed by the amazing menu selections; so we will have to go back so I can try the things we missed.
We started with the lombarda pizza which was actually my least favorite of the dishes we tried, hence Osteria not having the best pizza in Philly.  We moved from the pizza to the wood-grilled octopus, which was delicious, and cooked perfectly.  For the entree, I got the canestri with braised short ribs.  This dish was perfection.  I would recommend that anyone dining at Osteria try this.  I wanted to order a second order of it . . . but opted for dessert instead.  
What really makes this place special, however, and merits a paragraph of its own is the service.  I have NEVER experienced such wonderful service in all my dining in Philadelphia.  The service was such a step above other places, that I felt like the bulk of our dinner conversation focused on just how excellent the service was.The most tender, flavorful homemade pasta and pizzas. Suckling pig special was delightful. Prompt service. Beautiful atmosphere. Get the Vetri experience without the $700 bill.Yikes. I thought the food was tasty, but quite small. The pheasant ravioli was more cheese than pasta or meat and my mother-in-law found two bones in her wild hare dish.  The pizza was good, although the outside edge of the crust was burnt and the egg in the center was a bit cold. However, all the food did taste quite good. All flavorful and elegant in its presentation.
The service, however, was quite strange.  The man who took our coats was really warm and friendly. The restaurant was pretty quiet when we were there because it was a Wednesday at around 5:30, but there seemed to be about 10 wait people looming around and gawking at the patrons in groups, which left me feeling uneasy.  The waiter was a bit snotty and definitely cold towards us.  I felt uncomfortable there, like I wasn't a welcome patron.  It was just a "feeling," not really founded on anything specific necessarily, but not one I've experienced at other fine dining places. Perhaps I'm used to Steven Starr's bright colors and playful, dramatic decor...but then again, I've been to more than a fair share of "fab" places similar in decor as Osteria (Mario Battali's "Otto."! I love that place!) and not felt like I was being judged for my reactions to the food and the choices I made on the menu. (My mother-in-law complimented the waiter on the sweet breads and said, she wished they were a bit larger, and he was somewhat defensive.)
Perhaps it is because I'm not into spending a ton of money if  I'm going to leave with my belly a bit rounder.   If you're after a satisfying meal, I'd suggest a different locale (For amazing pizza and pastas in another beautiful restaurant, I'd recommend Illuminare on Fairmount Ave between 24th and 23rd) And it won't break the bank either!They have the best gelloto. Marscapone and olive oil was out of this world. Served in a silver cut that kept the last bite as good as the first because it kept the consultancy perfect. The bass was great.Went to Osteria for a nice romantic dinner and it was so worth the wait! We have been longing to try this place for a long time but for whatever reason just never made the reservation. First off the place is huge! There is so much seating and yet it's still hard to get a seat there on a Saturday night. The inside is beautiful with nice wood tables and a non-distracting view of the kitchen. 
We started with a pizza (everyone raves about the pizza and rightfully so) - the Parma pizza with arugula, mozzarella, fontina, and prosciutto. The crust was perfect the toppings light and fresh and it makes me want to recreate it right this moment. Even though the pizza was large enough for an appetizer we couldn't resist getting the octopus. It was so nicely seasoned with a citrus dressing over arugula and perfectly cooked. 
For the entrees I decided to get the candele pasta with wild boar bolognese. The waiter recommended the 1/2 portion since I was already feeling rather full. My companion chose the special which was a spit roasted pig and he got a piece of the shoulder, skin and leg. Both of our entrees were great. We finished with a banana puff pastry dessert thingy which was yummy but we were stuffed at that point. 
I know Osteria has a great wine list lots of rare and wonderful bottles but frankly the wine by the glass is a bit outrageously priced (something like $15 a glass). It would be nice if there was a range in the glass prices. 
The really nice thing about Osteria is that it doesn't have to be an expensive dinner, you really can come and get a pizza, split a pasta dish, and be good for the night. I'll definitely be back, just might keep it to one glass of expensive wine :)Fantastic meal--we loved everything we had and wished we could have come back for the second night of our stay. The wood grilled octopus was amazing as was the beet and goat cheese pasta.  Wine list was lovely--found a great Nebbiollo at a good price point.  Veal loin and baby pig specials were outstanding. Loved the veggie platter. Pizza was simply amazing.
My only criticisms were on the service side.  We felt pretty rushed (we had an early pre-concert rezzie at 5:45 so maybe they were trying to ensure we moved along for the dinner rush later?).  But we started with a $70 bottle of wine and that usually  slows things down a bit with the server, but it didn't, especially at the outset.  We had to pace it ourselves.  I have a personal pet peeve against restaurants wanting to take my full order all at once. Especially with a menu as interesting and diverse as this one. In fairness, maybe she thought we were in a rush for the concert, but I would suggest you just ask if we are in a hurry for an event like many restaurants do here in Chicago when you dine before 7 or 8.
Also, our server was not as friendly as I would have expected from the reviews.  She was definitely attentive but not warm or overly helpful on the menu. My daughter was struggling a bit with questions about the spiciness of a pizza ingredient and we came up with the idea to only put it on half to try it.   A little more help from the server as to comparisons with other foods would have been useful.  
Felt like we needed a little more engagement with the table to make it a 5-star night, especially given the money we dropped that night.
That said, great meal, in fact one of the best we have had!The food was not so good. The calamari salad was overly salty, tough and tasted like bacon. Our server was very slow. All this and super pricey. 
Although the atmosphere was lovely and people were polite, we will not be going back.Great fun food.  Had a superb server that went out of her way to locate a great wine for us.  Food consistently good. Great city atmosphere. We will come back.Had a great first experience at Osteria tonight.  I'm not usually blown away by the interior/decor of a restaurant, but everything about Osteria- from the wall of wine boxes, to the windowed ceilings, to the exposed brick walls- is impressive.  Our server, Zeke, was equally impressive- he made a great wine recommendation (Sangiovese), and was able to explain several of the dishes in great detail.  Specifically, he described one fo the nightly specials (a cabbage-stuffed papparedelle) in such a way that I could almost visualize it before ordering.  Our plan for the night was to share an app and a pizza, so we ended up with the grilled octopus, squid ink cavatelli, and the lombarda-- all of which were amazing.  The ragu with the cavatelli was incredible, but I have to say the octopus was my favorite dish of the night.  It was perfectly grilled (Zeke explained that its tenderness is due to 4 hours of braising), and had a nice charcoal- crispness about it.  I will absolutely be trying other Vetri restaurants soon!!We went to Osteria a little while back for a special occasion with my parents. I LOVE Vetri so I have been wanting to go to Osteria for a long time since it was Marc Vetri's newest venture. And, of course, that means I compared Osteria to Vetri in every way. I was a little bit disappointed. The atmosphere is warm and inviting but they pack you in there. The tables are on top of each other, I definitely felt like commenting on the conversation going on next to us. As for the food, it was great, but not excellent. Honestly, I cannot remember one dish specifically to tell you to try. I didn't love it and that could be because we did not have any pizza, and that is what the place is known for!
Not that I am an expert because the more I see about it, the more I feel like I have to give Osteria another shot. It was nominated by the James Beard Foundation as the Best New Restaurant in 2008, Philly Mag named it the best restaurant in Philadelphia and Marc Summers called their Margarita Pizza the best thing he ever ate on the Food
Network. Bottom line, it's no Vetri but worth the trip to North Philly.Pizza - truffle, buffalo mozzarella, corn
App - butter poached lobster, buffalo mozzarella, chilled corn soup
Dinner - grilled halibut, oysters, roasted chanterelles
Dessert - hazelnut gelato
Split a few items from each section of the menu versus ordering two dinners if eating with someone. Everything is great and worth trying several different things.Classic Italian comfort foods done right.  The pizza was thin and crispy with great prosciutto and cheese.  We slip a special lobster paste that was perfectly done with just a little heat to the dish.  I ended with the rabbit over a nice creamy polenta.  The only poor execution was that the side of polenta my wife order had a very strong wood smoke flavor that was not appealing at all.  They finished it in the wood burning oven which just takes over the polenta.  The waiter quickly took care of us though with another choice but we were full already so they took it off the bill without question.   Great service from this nice but loud location.This is what Italian food should be.  Definitely try several pasta dishes and don't be afraid of its ingredients.  The potato gnocchi were made by the world's best pasta chefs, the service was exquisite and the manager, I think his name was Ben, is the most charming and nicest person I have met in years.As a fan (maybe even groupie) of Vetri, Osteria is a place that we're able to visit more regularly than it's pricey counterpart. Some of the freshest, most delicate pasta I've ever had. The pizzas, charcuterie plates, and desserts are delicious.The Silician lemonade (made with limoncello) is the best cocktail I've ever had and perfect for those who don't like to taste the alcohol in your drinks.
While it's hard to get a table without a reservation, they usually have bar seating available which works well for a party of 2 in the mood for great food without having had planned too far ahead for it.
Marc Vetri (and his staff) are amazing, talented and completely worthy of all the praise (multiple Best of Philly's) received recently.
Final thoughts...
Go there for consistently excellent service, chic rustic ambience, and forward-thinking Italian cuisine. And, it won't break the bank.One of the best restaurants in Philly. We went there to celebrate our 10 yr anniversary and this place was so worth it. We had the pizza, postage stamps pasta & the ribeye. All excellent. I recommend this place to everyone who loves & knows food. From one restaurant owner to another you know your stuff from food to operation. Great Job!!!!!Great wine, immaculate service, subpar food.  The pastas were very good but the rooster ravioli was in a gravy that looked very unappetizing (but tasted great).  The Spanish mackerel app was ok--it was served with a little "salad"/vinaigrette as well as a mayonnaise-type sauce that was not to my liking.  I think I'd rather have Spanish mackerel at Zama--very personal preference.  The bolognese sauce is very good, again doesn't look very appetizing but tastes great.  Perhaps I should've tried one of the pizzas.  The rabbit over polenta was just ok.  I'm not a big fan of polenta but I thought if I was ever going to give it another chance, it would be at a place like Osteria.  Made reservations for Vetri so hopefully they will be better and justify the hefty price tag.Another one of my favorite restaurants. You really can't go wrong with Vetri. Osteria offers traditional Italian food with a gourmet twist. All their pasta is made fresh and their sauces are rich in flavor. I also recommend the ribeye. The atmosphere is romantic and the wine is delicious. Absolutely love this place.The stars are adjusted for my expectation that the dining experience would be phenomenal ... But I thought the food was good but not out of this world good. Maybe it is because I went there w a large group w pre-selected menu... 
Also did not love the Parma pizza... It's basically prosciutto and arugula on dough... Maybe I am a traditionalist, but much preferred the margherita. 
Next time, I will try the pastas not covered in cheese and butter...I don't have much to say because everyone else said so many great things.
But I want to add this: the pizza here will make you cry tears of joy.  Then, when you are finished your angelic pizza, you will cry again because it is gone.sorry philly!!! average at best.  All i ever hear about is the marc vetri genius with pasta and other italian specialties.  Made reservations for friday night while in town for a concert.  We ordered the lamb sausage, fried ipswich clams, a pizza(not memeorable) and the spaghetti chittarra with rabbit bolognese and truffle split between 2.  The lamb sausage was 1 link of sausage cut into four pieces with a smear of pesto & 2 baby potato.  Tasted ok, portion sucked, could of been any kind of meat nothing to write home about.  Fried clams, 4 fried clams, thats right 4 fried clams on top of room temperature soup, clams where good but could of used another dozen.  Then the pizza and pasta.  pizza was something blah blah blah with proscuitto, soggy, could of used some viagra.  Pasta, rabbit bolognese with truffle, sounds like magic to me.  I could have had better pasta at the corner pizzaria, the meat could have been anything, a quarter inch of creamy soup at the bottom of the dish with a couple of slices of canned truffles in the mix. no herbs, no cheese no flavor. garbage.  The bill was $152 with a $50 bottle of wine and we ended up going to tony lukes for cheesesteaks because the portions where for the birds.(the cheesesteake sucked to)really really good.  all home made stuff.  expensive yes but delicious.  yum yum yumOsteria was delightful. Came with friends for restaurant week. We all had wine and really enjoyed it. There are plenty of knowledgeable people to ask if you needed help choosing wine or had questions about the menu. The staff was very kind and there was no shortage of them. The ambiance is great. Very comfortable and nicely decorated/well lit. They bring a variety of breads/bread sticks to the table with olive oil and it was a great starter. I had the Parma pizza for my appetizer. I've heard from friends that it was delicious and they were right. I would order that again in a heart beat. For my main I had the postage stamp ravioli. It could have used more herb flavor and fewer mushrooms, but I ate my whole plate and would again if given it. For dessert I had the mascarpone cheese cake, which was very dense but a great way to end the meal. I will definitely be coming back here.It's tough to grade this place, as wine had a private dinning with a pre-fix menu.  The stuff we got, I probably would not have been my choices.
But everything was top notch and the service was stellar.For an American-Italian restaurant this is about as good as it gets.  It's expensive, although not especially so if you're accustomed to New York prices.  To say that it's authentic Italian would be a bit of a stretch.  There's something indefinable about the difference between Italian (or French) restaurants and anything in the English-speaking part of the world.  Yet it gets close.  The pizze were very close to authentic, although they did come sliced (in two) which is a no-no in Italy.  The other dishes were imaginative, well-prepared and presented.  The service was excellent.  All around a good evening.What an enjoyable restaurant - from every aspect. The upbeat, urban-chic, airy atmosphere punctuated by the casual open-kitchen feel.  An Italian- country (lunch) menu, that offered an innovative take on dishes that could well have been mundane in lesser hands. Prompt service and well portioned dishes that were not outrageously priced. 
The food was better than good. It was unique and memorable. The kind that makes you long to taste everything else on the menu. This is a foodies place - that said i've noted other reviews critical of the dishes. The only wisdom I can offer is - i guess thats why there is chocolate and vanilla...
Is there a downside? I think Osta Ria has a reputation for being a bit loud - which I can imagine could be true at a more crowded time.  If I have any criticism, it would be the wine list. Not for lack of imagination, but simply because the pricing seem incongruous with the rest of the menu. The majority of wines tended to be mid-forties and up per bottle - which seems out of whack with a menu that proffers entrees in the low to high teens. I believe adding a selection of wines in the 25-35$ - at least for the lunch menu would make this place perfect.
Can't wait for the repeat performance.The best Italian restaurant in Philly, hands down - glasses up! Ciao to Americanized Italian food, hello to wonderful traditional fare in a beautiful atmosphere, with top knotch service . Try the pizza, the wood fired octopus is also a rare delicacy. Drinks are delicious. Neighborhood is "up and coming" so park close by, so you will return to find your car. Once again, Osteria is exceptionally highly recommended. Make reservations far in advance.The food at Osteria was five stars. The sweatbread special was out of this world. My homemade ravoli was also very good, and the roasted chicken was hands down the best chicken I've ever had period. 
The service was inconsistent. Our waiter was not every attentive, and others were stepping in to fill the void. Considering out bill came out to around $75/head, I would expect excellent service. 
Despite the lapse in service, I would highly recommend Osteria.My favorite restaurant. We've been going to Osteria since they opened and have never been disappointed. Superb menu featuring excellent ingredients. Terrific wines, excellent bar, outstanding service. The chicken liver rigatoni is truly fantastic.We went here for my birthday and as predicted, we had an amazing meal. I can't believe that I had forgotten how wonderful this place is. Here are the highlights.
The roasted Brussels sprouts on the antipasti platter are out-of-this-world.
Candele bolognese = favorite pasta dish in Philly. Easily.
We also got the Lombardo pizza with salty cheese, homemade sausage chunks, and an oozy egg. It was delicious, even down to the crispy crust.
I got a three scooper of their homemade gelato (1 scoop each of torrone, pistachio, and cinnamon stracciatella). Wow. Despite my full belly, I didn't want the bowl to end. It was so creamy, so smooth, so....perfect.Some of the best Italian food with very courteous staff. On one occasion, I tried a fantastic ravioli dish stuffed with pear - paper thin ravioli sheets with a fantastic light sauce. Highly recommend!I like this place, but I wish it could relax and just be an osteria.  The food is good, but on my last visit I left feeling like everything had been too formal.  This may be the fault of the customers, rather than the restaurant, though; people were all dressed up for a night out.  Relax, everybody!  Go to Osteria to eat, not to be fancy and sophisticated. Lower prices might help...
All the food was very good (swordfish and stracciatella lasagnetta, in particular) and we enjoyed eating.  One dish was too salty (striped bass)--oops. Wine was excellent, although the overall wine list suffers because of Pennsylvania's ridiculous alcohol laws.
Service is always nice--specific requests have always been met (including a request to leave everything off of one main course except the piece of meat).  
I would have preferred to have received my dessert menu from our server rather than the guy bussing our table, though...and we weren't told about any specials (main menu or dessert).  So maybe our service, this one time, was friendly but off a bit.
The one thing that you can count on at Osteria is the attention to detail in the cooking (which is why a seasoning error is a surprise).  This is no BS cooking.  The relish, the side, the piece of zucchini, the slice of prosciutto...everything is cared for by somebody, and that is reflected on the plate and on the palate.Food is really good and the staff is great. Fundamental flaws with seating for tables of 2. They stick you right next to other tables that are literally 3 inches apart from you. Might as well be having dinner with them which I am not a fan of. I come to restaurants to enjoy a dinner with the person I come with and not sit cafeteria style which is some kind of "trend" that God only knows why. Outside of that a really cool ambiance and you can tell these people know the restaurant business well. Just beware of seating for tables or two unless you are into that kind of thing...Some of the best pizza, if not the best, I have ever had. Had the prosciotto and arugala and it was divine. Stuffed zuchini flowers and mushroom ravioli were excellent. Great service every time. Only cons are that it gets very loud especially in the back room off to the side where the table width is vast. If you're seated here, be prepared to yell your conversation unless you're here off hours. Also all the wine by the glass prices are ridiculous. Be prepared to pay $30 for two glasses of decent wine which sky rockets your bill.While the food here is excellent the host and service employees are awful and definitely not up to the quality of the restaurant in which they are working. When interacting with these rejects from Applebee's it destroys any attempt one might have to enjoy an elegant night of great food. Hopefully the Vetri family will start hiring more appropriate staff for their wonderful restaurant instead of driving around mall parking lots and asking spikey haired half wits and sorority drop outs to serve Osteria's clientele.Went here for a date night while traveling through Philly on a recommendation from an article in Newsweek magazine.  The atmosphere was trendy and loud. I enjoyed the unique beer choices and the wide variety of wine options but the pizza I ordered was just "ok". I would definitely recommend this place for drinks and apps.As a work party planner, I have dined at Osteria several times with groups of 12 or more.  On my most recent occasion I was denied.  I was told that I would have to do 'Private Dining'.  Despite my requests to have multiple (but separate) tables in the dining room, I was refused.  Does this change have something to do with the acquisition of Vetri by Urban Outfitters?  After this fustrating experience, St. Stephen's Green accommodated us without question and earned a tidy profit.The swanky atmosphere, extremely friendly staff, delicious cocktails (I ordered the Sicilian Lemonade, it will not disappoint if you're looking for something refreshing) and my dinner (chestnut tagliolini with Maine lobster, Meyer lemon butter scallion) was incredible. 
My dinner was probably the best I've had in a really long time. Can't wait to come back. 
We really enjoyed ourselves here!I am 8 and it was great!!!!!
I liked the bread sticks, the homemade pasta and the nutella chocolate pizza.
Everybody was nice.Very good Italian food in the city. Parking can be difficult. Everything was fresh and tasty. Would go back if it was closer.Ok, the food was good.  I had a gemelli with pesto, my wife had a arugula and prosciutto-topped pizza which were both excellent.  We shared a veggie antipasti which was very good.
They really need to train the hostess.  We arrived at ten minutes before 5.  Ten minutes before opening.  I understand they can't wait on us as the wait staff was still assembling, but couldn't we be seated rather than told to wait outside in the 95 degree heat for 10 minutes?  We had my infant son in a stroller, so we asked about accessing the ramped door.  We were told it would be open in 10 minutes.  We sought shade and came back at 5:10pm.  The handicap accessible door was locked.  Ok, mistakes happen; she apologized for the oversight.  She proceeded to seat us at a two-seat table in the mostly empty restaurant, squeezed up against the only other table that had been seated.  We had absolutely no place to put the baby.  Our waiter (who was very good) acted quickly and moved us to larger table.  Nothing egregious, but a little more training is needed!  A restaurant of this caliber isn't just a place to chow; you should be able to relax and experience it.  We were anything but relaxed to start the meal.The Italian food here was not the Chicken Parmigiana type of Italian that we are all use to.  This food was truly a wonderful melody of dishes cooked in a rustic, non typical "American Italian" way.... Outstanding.  We had 4 appetizers and 5 entrees for 4 people and all 7 dishes were Cooked, seasoned and presented in a way that dreams are made of.  No 2 were alike nor shared many ingredients, we savored every bite of every dish.  The 2 bottles of Italian wine that were recommended were very good as well.  As far as dessert.... When I asked our server,"Which is the must have dessert" and she said,"they are all great", I must say I didn't believe her 100%.  She was correct!!! The desserts lived up the the Entrees... What a place!!All I can say is baby pig!  I know that doesn't sound too appetizing to many of you, and I had my doubts, but it was delicious.  Osteria offers "baby pig" as a special on many nights and I'm sure to reserve a plate as soon as I sit down because they frequently run out.  FYI...it's not an actually baby pig on your plate but rather certain cuts that are incredible. Great wine list, great menu, amazing food.  The sommelier is one of the best I've dealt with.  Don't be embarrassed to let him know what you want to spend, and don't feel like you have to crack open your safe to enjoy a night here.  However, unless you order pizza (I haven't but keep saying I'll try it) a meal here is going to cost you.  It's not the kind of place I go often, but when I do I really enjoy it.I chose two stars because the definition next to it reads  "Meh I've experienced better". And this time around that's just the way we felt after having left Osteria last night.  This is the second "meh" experience at a second Vetri restaurant.  It all started out on a great note.  The orange wine was amazing, the mixed vegetable plate was delicious but in the end most of our disappointment on this one came from the main course we both ordered.  What sounded like a wonderful addition to the menu, the roaster pig, affectionately known to me as porchetta made my mouth water as the waitress described it, naturally I expected a place like Osteria would do it up just right.  Well it sure was flavorful enough, but sadly very dry. And the skin of the pig which in a traditional porchetta is one of the most heavenly gastronomical experiences had been deep fried to the point all I could taste was the oil it was fried in.  This is not what one would expect out of a pricey special in a place as special as this. It should not be a surprise to any restauranteur that if you screw up the main course you're going to wind up with an unhappy diner having walked away feeling it was a negative experience.  Such was the case here.  I'm sure we'll be back.  There was much on the menu we'd like to explore, but certainly we'll be more judicious about any specials and maybe order different main courses in case one goes awry.We had a date night at Osteria a couple days ago and it was fabulous! We live in the neighborhood and have always thought about dining there but somehow never got around to it, it was definitely worth the wait! 
We had the octopus and mussels, both were great! We also had the lombarda pizza, which was equally as delicious. For our main course, we shared the rabbit dish, which was our only complaint for the night - the dish tasted as if it had been sitting on a counter before it was brought to us. The polenta had hardened a little because it was not kept hot and the same for the rabbit, this made the entire dish very underwhelming. 
Service was great! Will definitely return.Really excellent from start to finish. this was my second time dining here, but we are considering it for our rehearsal dinner, so we wanted to refresh out taste buds. 
The service is really fantastic. It's a staple of vetri restaurants everywhere. They are trained so well. It's the little things that make the difference, like refolding your napkin when you get up from the table, moving out of the way when they see you walking, asking if you need help, etc. the only problem we had was our waitress didn't tell us about two of the specials. Not a big deal because we had our minds made up already though.
We sat on the patio which is a gorgeous glass enclosed area. We decided to use the same strategy we used last time when ordering with one small twist, one pizza, one appetizer, and two pastas all to share. 
We started with the Lombarda and it was incredible. I hadn't been to osteria in a while, so I hadn't really compared the pizza crust to pizzeria vetri until now, but it was so different! It was a bit thinner and crisper, and the combination of sausage and egg on top was amazing.
We ordered the mozzarella en corrozza for our appetizer and again we were very impressed. It was so different than any fried mozzarella dish I have ever had. I couldn't tell if it was battered at all or if it was just a block of mozzarella dropped into the fryer. It was awesome, and the tomato and caper sauce serves with it was show stopping.
Our pasta choices were the chicken liver rigatoni and the winter squash gnocchi a la brava. Wow fantastic stuff here. The rigatoni was clearly housemade and covered in a delicately tasty sauce of chopped chicken livers. It was subtle flavor, but still very powerful and rich. The squash gnocchi was covered in cheese and incredibly hot when it came out. The gnocchi was very tender and went surprisingly well with the cheese.
Our dessert wasn't as good as the rest of our meal, but I was comparing it to the polenta budino we had last time, and that was stupid good. We ordered the upside down blood orange polenta cake with kumquat caramel. It was good, and definitely interesting and different, but I wasn't crazy about it.
Osteria is a great place to have a meal, and you should get there as often as you can. I'll be back soon!Osteria ranks as one of the finest dining experiences I've ever had. I was in attendance with a large group so there was much food ordered and sampled in typical tapas fashion. The service was excellent, glasses of water and wine topped off as soon as either glass was nearly empty - and I never had to ask. 
Appetizers were a marinara pizza and another one with arugula and prosciutto. Bother were fantastic, with a thin flaky crust. Next we ordered a vegetable tray with an assortment of different things, what stood out to me here was the seared brussels sprouts. Finally for the appetizers we had a cheese plate that was also enjoyable, although I don't know the names of the cheeses, they were all delicious.
My first of two courses was chicken liver rigatoni with cipolline onions and sage. I've never had chicken liver before but this was outstanding. 
My second dish was rabbit with pancetta, sage,and polenta (grits). The rabbit was pretty good, very "bony" but I'm told that's to be expected. 
Dessert was the cantucci sundae vin santo marinated almonds (taken directly from the menu: http://www.osteriaphilly.com/menu). Basically vanilla custard with almonds and this kind of wine sauce. Very good!
I had an Italian red wine throughout the meal, selected by one of the more knowledgeable wine drinkers at the table and it, too, was excellent. Taken in consideration with the friendly and attentive staff, our nearly 4 hour dinner didn't feel long enough.Fantastic place that does Italian justice. Philly has a crap ton of Italian restaurants around the city ranging from low end to high end. But I don't think any of them does meats and pasta as well as Osteria. 
We started off with a  vedura mista which pretty much had every vegetable, grilled, pickled, sautéed on the menu. The variety was large and the flavors well balanced.
I had the berkshire pork chop and it was phenomenal. It measured about 1.5 inches thick and was amazingly tender and perfectly done through and through. It's quite difficult to cook such a huge piece of meat to a perfect uniformity and uniform perfectness. I can only assume the pork was brined, sous vide, and then charred after. Regardless it was splendid and I can't rave more.  
Wonderful.Get ready for a wishy woshy review that shouldn't help you make any decisions whatsoever.
I reluctantly went  back on Sunday.  The food was much better because we stuck to a pizza, three pastas, and the vegetable antipasta.  These were all simple dishes done well. 
While I like the pizzas at the other trendy pizzarias around town better, I did enjoy the one we ordered with the golden raisins.  
The food was good.  The service was amazing from our server and the sommelier spend a nice amout of time with us.  I think my expectations of the place are so low, they could only go up from here.  I previously rated them a 1, they are now a 3.  I like the rustic decor more than the taste of the food.I came here for my birthday, and had a great time. The atmosphere was easy on the eyes. There were huge sunflowers everywhere and wooden wine crate sides on one of the walls. The only complaint I would have is how close our table was between the other tables, but you get that sometimes in crowded, busy restaurants, I guess. 
For an appetizer we had the cape may salt oysters with cucumber spaghettini and raspberries. It was amazing. It came with 5 oysters and the flavor from the juices was very tangy and fresh. 
For my meal I got the spaghetti alla carbonara with corn, chives and ricotta salata. I didn't know what to expect with corn in my pasta but it was phenomenal. The spaghetti tasted homemade and the carbonara sauce wasn't too heavy. Very delicious. My date got the rabbit in polenta, and it was cooked perfectly. The only complaint were there were a lot of small bones in there to pick out but he worked around it and it was great mixed with the polenta with brown butter. 
There was a mix up with the desert; I had ordered cheesecake for us to split and the waiter forgot to put a candle in it (my date had tried to sneakily tell him to surprise me with a candle). The cheesecake was okay; it was kind of grainy feeling but had a nice flavor. When the waiter realized he forgot the candle he came back with two more deserts on the house, both with candles in them. One of them was a sorbet that was delicious and the other was polenta budino with gianduia, which was great as well. It had a chocolate mousse on top that made it perfect. 
I really enjoyed eating here, I would be very happy to go back.Date night in Philly on the 4th!!!! Osteria was an outstanding recommendation. The lombarda pizza was topped with an egg and absolutely delicious! The rabbit was yummy but a tad salty. Pork rib lasagnetta melted in my mouth.Wonderful wine selection. Best strawberry gelato I've ever had! Fantastic dining experience with my special someone : )I wish I could eat at Osteria every other night of the week. Such a cozy, rustic restaurant with absolutely wonderful dishes. The presentation of the food was scrumptious, clean (aka why I ate so fast and didn't take pictures). I highly recommended this restaurant to all.Let me start by saying that this used to be my favorite authentic Italian restaurant in Philadelphia and that I'm a huge fan of Marc Vertri.  Past meals have been so close to what we've experienced in Italy that there are only a few other places in the U.S.that have come equally close (notably Del Posto, da Umberto, Lupa and Babbo Ristorante in NYC).  
Last Saturday, it became clear that someone at Osteria is resting on their laurels and that attention to detail has gone by the wayside.  Perhaps Philadelphians are less discerning or less knowledgeable than their NYC dining counterparts or perhaps "average has become plenty good" in these parts, but either way Osteria ain't what it use to be.  
Despite having to wait over 40 mins for a 7:30 reservation, the meals started simply enough.  A mixed grilled vegetable appetizer (which was visually appealing) was quite simply over-salted.  I think that the prep chef may have wondered whether he/she forgot to sprinkle salt on the dish and in an abundance of caution, salted and then resalted the plate.  They were capable of being delicious but noticeably over brined - which is a mistake that simply just should never go out of the kitchen.  I suspect some other table got a plate of completely unsalted grilled vegetables. Perhaps they were the table that requested a bit of salt.
The biggest error of the evening was Osteria's so-called signature dish of the evening, the roast pig.  Even the most humble of Italian restaurants know how to cook piggie. And having just returned from Spain where they literally build restaurants around such delicacies, I was eager to have another go at an all time favorite.  Now I know that the comparison between the Spanish style and the Italian style of this dish begs pointing out, but I'm pretty sure that the Italian style is NOT overcooked, flavorless and dried out, as this was here.  It was accompanied with roasted potatoes which were simply dense and perhaps equally overdone.  Three out of five diners ordered the dish, and I think that not one of us finished it.  Not once during the meal did our waiter ask if our meals were satisfactory which struck me as odd particularly when there were clearly large portions of uneaten food on each plate.  The remaining diners had either the wild boar ragout over pasta which apparently made up in volume what it lacked in flavor intensity and a disappointingly bland fish dish.
The damage here with several bottles of "moderately" priced ($65) wine was over $600 with tip.  I've had better AND I've had better here. I felt like the entire meal here was a rip-off and I think it'll be a long while before I return to Osteria.We have eaten here a few times, and each time the food was simply amazing - well-balanced, prepared perfectly, and very tasty. The focaccia is crusty and dense and flavorful. Our table of four were fighting over the last piece. Pizzas are exquisitely sumptuous, as are the pasta dishes.
The staff has always been friendly and helpful.
We don't get here as much as we would like because it is all the way across town and there are so many great restaurants closer to us, but we manage to go back periodically because it is so good.As a resident of Center City but a student at Temple University, I had passed Osteria a number of times in my morning and afternoon commutes and had heard it was a wonderful restaurant, but the thought never crossed my mind to actually eat there. It's awkwardly positioned between the kinda-shady Fairmount Avenue and the even more shady North Philadelphia/Temple University neighborhood, though I suppose it's part of the whole neighborhood revitalization project going on in that area. 
The service was probably the best thing about my visit to Osteria. We were greeted at the door with warmth and lots of smiles and attentiveness. The maitre d' was extremely friendly and more than understanding when I called him back so I could retrieve my phone from the pocket. There was a short wait for our table but we were informed that it was due to a spill that had occurred and that it was being cleaned up so we would be safe on our way. We were seated in the patio extension area but never felt cut off from the rest of the establishment, and I was even a bit relieved when I saw that this area offered more space and table privacy, where it appeared that in the main room, tables of 2 were awkwardly close to each other. 
Our server knew EVERYTHING about every item on the menu, as well as the specials. I'm pretty sure I could have asked a ridiculous question about one of the items and she would have had an answer. She was courteous and informative, and even engaged in a fun debate my friend and I were in over Saved by the Bell characters. 
On to the food. Our appetizer was the mozzarella in carrozza, and it was out-of-this-world. I'm not sure if I'll ever look at a pile of mozzarella sticks the same way after that dish. My first course were the robiola francobolli, "little postage stamp raviolo"...They were flavorful, filling and I had no trouble clearing the entire plate. My second course was the chicken alla griglia which was similarly wonderful and cooked to perfection. Our dessert was the blood orange crostate, which pretty much ended our meal perfectly. 
My only complaints would be the drink menu. The cocktail list seemed a little short, and my Sicilian Lemonade left something to be desired -- it seemed more like a mojito to me. The rest of the wine list was huge and a little intimidating, though I'm not quite a wine person.We always drove by and always wanted to try this restaurant.  So we finally did.
It was really packed and really big restaurant. The service was not as good,  we expected more attention since the price of the food was alot. We had bottle of wine,  the liver rigatoni had a weird after taste I didn't like it.  I only ate the pasta. 
The grilled octopus salad was good.  I had the steak,  and I didn't like it.  How can you go wrong with a steak? Mine just tasted blah and it was cold!  
My boyfriend had the lamb,  and it was very gamy. . He felt sick afterwards.
Over all,  I feel like this restaurant is over hyped and over priced.  We didn't have a good experience here,  and is too big so you don't get the service that your deserve for the price you're paying.  We spent $250 on dinner just for us two,  and we wouldn't have minded if it was at least good.I was pretty hyped about Osteria after reading about it in Philly Mag and also finding out that it was the kid sis of Vetri (which is sadly out of my budget).
I got there before my friend and passed the time with a glass of prosecco (which would become three or four by the time the night was over, delicious). We ordered the Lombarda pizza, which did not disappoint. We said with great excitement, "There is an EGG on our pizza!" 
I ordered, I think, a dual ravioli of sorts - one side was filled with duck and the other with water chestnuts? It was just alright. I don't know if I had gone one glass of prosecco too many or was talking too much that I didn't finish the dish while it was still hot. My friend ordered the braised pork ribs which were amazing and really well-seasoned.
I was beaten to the check while I was in the restroom so I can't comment on the prices (I don't really look while ordering). But it was a pretty okay experience. The prosecco wins.Vegetable Antipasti - 5 out of 5
A-m-a-z-i-n-g display and variety of summer vegetables that were all marinated and cooked to perfection. The experience in one word: addictive.
Spaghetti Alla Chitarra (Rabbit Bolognese, Artichoke and Black Truffle) - 4.5 out of 5
Delicious tender rabbit meat complemented the delicate pasta and the black truffle chunks.
Robiola Francobolli ("Postage Stamp Ravioli" with Royal Trumpet Mushrooms and Thyme) - 3 out of 5
I was expecting a lot more from this dish. There were homemade white ravioli on a white plate with some thin slices of mushrooms and a creamy filling. I don't base much of my review on appearance of the food, but when everyone's dishes arrived and mine was pretty boring looking (no color, no garnish, and a smaller than typical portion), I was less enthralled. Taste-wise, these raviolis melted on my palate. They were so soft and delicate and creamy. But, I would recommend a sauce with more depth and flavor.
Bufala Mozzerella and Heirloom Tomato "Conchiglie" Stuffed Shells - 4 out of 5
My boyfriend's father, who according to him and his family, always orders the "best" dish when they're out at restaurants. He ordered the stuffed shells, which goes to figure, since they were amazing. The basil in the sauce is the freshest I've tasted.
Rhubarb Strudel (with Apricot and Pistachio Semifreddo) - 2 out of 5
Just all right. Our server recommended this dessert over the Chocolate Mousse Torta, so I trusted her opinion. It looked like a Danish doughnut and tasted like a sweet-and-tart rendition. The combination of rhubarb, apricot, and pistachio didn't coalesce into a magical experience. It seemed like a dessert put on the menu to have another option, rather than some ethereal flavor combination Vetri was excited to share with the world. 
Chocolate Mousse Torta (with Peanut Butter and Chocolate Sbrisolona) - 5 out of 5
Now, this is a dessert is a not worth missing. BF's father ordered the torta and gave me a bite. It was oh so rich and decadent and everything a chocolate lover would want to finish off a great meal.In a word -- salty.  The meal was good, but not worth the price or the hype.  We really enjoyed the grilled vegetables, which were a special.  They were flavorful with a good texture.  The smelts were simply fried little fish -- nothing to excite you.  My spiced apple martini (a house specialty on their menu) was just OK -- not worth $15.  We also ordered the artichokes, which came with dinner even though they were an antipasti.  The artichokes accelerated us on the salty path we began with the antipasti.  Yet they were very tasty indeed.  My shellfish stuffed with sausage were just OK; I'd try something else next time.  My wife had the rabbit, which was good, but she found it too salty.  Really, every dish could have used less salt; I've started to wonder what the chef was trying to do with all that salt.  For dessert, they straciatella cinnamon ice cream was not great; the cinnamon ice cream was good, but the there was only one small piece of chocolate (the "chips"), which really disappointed me after the waitress talked me out of the pistachio dessert I was eyeing.  I didn't finish it, which is very rare for me.  My wife had the chocolate flan, which she really enjoyed; it's like molten lava cake you find elsewhere.  The waitress's recommendations were a bit off, and she had me confused a couple times as to what and how much to order.  So, I'd say it's a good meal, but for the money, you can find a better restaurant.Ajjjj... this place.
I have been to Osteria 4 or 5 times trying to find the reason why I don't like it and this weekend I did.
1. of the 4 or 5 times I went, despite specifically asking, was never seated in the main dining room; and if you are going to have a restaurant with multiple dining rooms you should, as an owner and restauranteur, have the same atmosphere in all the rooms: the patio is drafty and noise is unbearable and the second room where the wine cellar is, is a room fit for a private party; you feel  forgotten otherwise.
2. the pizza at Vetri is so much better. The fact that you have a wood oven and you will burn the bubbles on the side of the crust, doesn't mean that the pizza is good. Its forgettable
3. the entrees are bleh
4. the pasta... oh the pasta... so over sauced! the chicken liver dish could be amazing but instead they put so much sauce it is hard to enjoy beyond the second bite. the candela with wild boar is also an over-interpretation of this southern Italian dish and also over sauced; candela is a pasta to be served with a bit of pesto and a dash of butter never this thick gamy ragu and the lobster spaghetti is plain and simple like the one at "The olive Garden" where at least "you are family".
Never again, unless I am invited by the owner to eat for free at the main dining room.
Oh... please stop selling books; Amazon is  for selling books.Outstanding service. Great ambience. The food was a bit below the hyped expectationsA good place to stop in for a group lunch!  This place is charming and rustic.  As soon as you step inside from the busy streets of Philadelphia, you'll feel that you've retreated into the warm, inviting quarters of an authentic Italian osteria.  While the food isn't the best I've ever had, I'd still recommend that you give the place a try if you find yourself in the area.  Beware though -- nearly every dish contains some kind of pork  product (though a few can be made without it), so think twice before bringing your vegetarian, vegan, or kosher friends.  You may also need the waiter's help in translating the menu to find the lamb sandwich and the asparagus pizza.  Mmmm mmmm good!Food here was OK.  Very inconisistent.  Chicken Liver Pasta was great as well as the Octopus Pizza.  The Pork Special and the Steak was terrible. 
Service here was really weak.  Seemed uninterested and very annoyed with us.  We do not look like the ritzy customer they are used to so didn't give good service but in the end she was wrong because we had a BIG check and I've been in the business for 15 years and still am and she definitely hurt herself in the tip area. 
All in all a little inconsistent, weak service, cool vibe, and very very pricey.
Will not return, will not reccomend to anyone, but will not stop anyone from going either.My wife and I decided to try this place based on its yelp reviews and weren't disappointed. The waitress was friendly and knowledgeable, and even though it was fairly packed for a Thursday evening, everything came out very fast. For antipasto, we shared a fried mozzarella with tomato garnish, light and flavorful. My wife ordered the veal, which was extremely tender and  absolutely delicious. I tried a special, several different cuts of a roasted pig. It was very good also, although it would have been nice if they had served it with a light veggie side instead of roast potatoes to offset the heaviness of the pork. For dessert I tried a panna cota and my wife ordered gelato. Both superb.
Our main concern was the noise level. The dining room is a large cavernous open space with an industrial decor. This might not bother some people but it was a little much for us.
As some other reviewers have noted, this place is on the pricey side. Worth it though, I'd definitely come again.I've eaten here a couple of times. 
The first time was a few months ago. Whenever I go to a new place that is supposed to be great, I always make an effort to try the stuff on the menu that seems most outside my comfort zone. I don't remember everything that I had that night, but I believe one dish was meat from a pig's face and it was great. In fact, everything I tried was wonderful. My wife played it a little more safe and ended up with a pasta dish that she found just so-so. Still, aside from that one dish (which is no longer on the menu), everything else (service, atmosphere, etc.) was good enough to merit return trips.
On the next trip I tried one of their pizzas and that was the end of my experimentation with their menu. It was pizza from then on!
I love the thin, bubbly/char-y crusted pizzas like they make in Italy. Americanized pizzas (NY, Philly, Chicago style) are all great, of course, but they are almost an entirely different food. I like hot dogs. I like hamburgers. But they are different things. Same with American pizza and Italian pizza. Both good, just not the same.
The thin and delicate brick-oven Italian style gives me the singular focus of a brains-hungry zombie. And like a zombie I will stop at almost nothing once I have Italian style pizza in my sight. Sketchy neighborhood? No big deal. No real parking? I'll circle for blocks. Long wait for a seat? I'll wait. I'll wait all night. BRAINS! I mean PIZZA!
I like the one with the sausage and the egg and my wife and I usually get an appetizer or two to share while we wait. The apps are always mouth watering preludes for the real treat. She usually gets a pasta and (aside from that first time) they are usually delicious...I think. Honestly I hardly taste much on the bites she generously shares with me because like I said - I tend to FOCUS! on the PIZZA! I think she also might try to have conversations with me sometimes when I'm eating, but I can't be sure of that. To be safe, I grunt or nod approvingly every now and then as I try to look sophisticated enough to fit into the nice setting while voraciously shoving pizza into my face.
For my tastes, this place is second only to Pizza Bianco in Phoenix, AZ (my first love, how I miss thee!) for pizza places on this side of the Atlantic. 
Please be sure never to go there so I can more easily get seats at the bar when I get a craving.Osteria is my neighborhood go-to place. The food is outstanding and interesting and the staff is amazing in every way... Each employee goes out of their way to ensure your time is enjoyable. Love going there. 
I am always delighted each time I am there, however, if, by chance, you are not pleased about something- don't leave unhappy because they go above and beyond to make it better! No need to ever leave upset about anything...Drove 2.5 hours to Phillie with friends to eat here. Our friends had already  sampled two of the other Vetri family of restaurants. Our reservations for a Saturday evening were at 9:30PM but the restaurant called us at about 8:15PM to see if we'd be interested in the 8:30PM seating.  The answer? YES!
One tip:  plan to arrive earlier because locating street parking is more than challenging.
Our starters:  Chicken liver rigatoni was incredibly tasty and well balanced. The wood grilled octopus was tangy and perhaps not as tender as we would have liked but full of great flavor. The house salumi paired with the sweet artichoke hearts was great (if you like sweet and savory). 
Our entrees:  We really loved the squid ink cavatelli but found the sauce to be very salty; couldn't figure out if it was the effect of the ham or squid or...let's just say it may satisfy a sodium addict's craving. Our dinner partners enjoyed the oxtail (nice portion size and well-balanced flavors) and the wood-grilled cobia (good texture and also well-balanced flavors).  My wife wasn't brave enough to try the rabbit "casalinga" when she'd never had rabbit before.  So the porcini and potato cialzon with braised rabbit was a perfect introduction to the meat.  While others thought it was gamier than they'd prefer, my wife loved it!
Our dessert:  Save room.  We sampled the pumpkin tiramisu special which was served in a mason jar, chilled.  We also had the most incredible chocolate flan that should not be confused with Spanish style flan.  It is more of a molten chocolate lava cake that is paired with this incredible, home made pistachio gelato.  Since we happened to be celebrating a birthday, they brought out a sample of the fig gelato.  While it was very interesting, it was more reminiscent of fig nectar in gelato and very overwhelming compared to the lighter pistachio.
The service here was fabulous.  When we learned that only the sister restaurant, Alla Spina, had both the pig(let) head and home made soft serve ice cream, two  of us cried.  Our server quickly turned the frown upside down by letting us know he'd called over to the manager and arranged for us to have the soft ice cream to go.  The piglet head would have to wait until another trip.  Now, THAT, is service.I came here on a Saturday night and the service was impeccable. Our waiter was very knowledgeable and offered some very good suggestions since it was our first time here. The other staff made sure our water was filled up and cleared out plates very fast after we were done eating each plate. One downside is that our waiter didn't initially introduce hisself when he first came to the table. It wasn't until the second time that he came to our table that he finally told us his name and that he'd be helping us. Lastly, one thing that bothered me was that the space between tables was very small and every time someone walked past my table they brushed against my hair :(. Also, try not to get a table directly in the front. They don't have a lobby so people waiting are hovering over your table making your dinner that much less private. At one point one customer had her iPhone light shining on the menu which shined on someone in my party as they were eating :/ Pretty annoying. I would suggest that they direct customers to stay in a appropriate distance away from the tables so customers can truly enjoy their meal.  
Now for the food! Almost all the food we had was amazing! For appetizers we had the Parma pizza which consisted of arugula, prosciutto, fontina cheese, & mozzarella. The pizza had a nice thin crust and all the ingredients were very fresh. For our primi courses we had the malfaldine w/beef, robiola w/mushrooms, candele w/bolognese, & the ricotta w/lobster. Out of all of those pastas my favorite was the robiola surprisingly. This came at the suggestion of our waiter. All of the other pastas were good but the pasta with the lobster was a little too salty. 
As for my entree I had the braised short rib and I was really underwhelmed. Although the rib was very tender it lacked seasoning and the celery root crema was also very bland. As for the other people in my party they all enjoyed their dishes. They had the grilled chicken which was perfect as well as the rabbit.
For dessert we had the trio of gelato & sorbet. All were delicious.Had dinner there last sunday night.  My overall experience was awful. From the snooty wait staff right to the ANTS on my table. Which the waiter didn't even care. Even if my experience was better, Pizzeria Stella is so much better. I don't understand why Stella's didn't win the Philadelphia magazine challenge.  Only reason I gave it two stars was the wine list was extensive although expensive.Went to ostertia with my brother and sister in law. The meal was great and the the price per item was excellent. Great placeAs Fairmount residents, Osteria is one of our go to spots. We love Italian food and the simple yet developed flavors in all of the dishes at at Osieria keep us coming back for more.  It speaks volumes of a restaurant that has been around for several years, to need a reservation to get a table on a Tuesday night in Philadelphia. The menu is seasonal but some favorites seem to have made it through the last few menu changes. Our favorite pizza selection is the Lombarda and the Robiola pasta can't be beat. Would highly recommend this restaurant for any occasion! Though it is a pricier Italian option in Philadelphia, the flavor combinations paired with the industrial yet rustic setting of the restaurant is unlike any other in the area.One of those places where you have to look for food on a plate and then head to a diner to actually eat something.