Food was good. Very fresh, which is great. Space is great too. Really good decor/ambiance. Super clean. Staff is really nice. Ridiculously overpriced. $60 for 2 salads, 2 juices and an appetizer is outrageous. I get that it's fresh and healthy and organic and all that, and I love that, but waaaaaayyyyy too overpriced. It wasn't a lot of food either. If I spent $60, I want to feel like I'm eating $60! :) Yelp won't let me do 2.5 stars, so I'm doing 3.This place is adorable!!! The food looks, smells and tastes amazing (get the chocolate tart!), the owner Andrea is lovely and welcoming, and I can't wait to come here for dinner. Plus, it's vegan, gluten free, AND kosher! The only problem is, it's a block from my apartment and offers delivery... Too tempting!!!Although the desserts were amazing, no one in my party enjoyed their meal. Everything was so salty, I couldn't even finish mine. I had the sweet potato biscuit and gravy. I stopped halfway through after my third glass of water, just couldn't get through all the salt. The coffee was good, but the service was incredibly slow. I would go back to eat the dessert but that would be it.Everything looks delicious! The location is great- close to a beautiful park and lots of shopping. I had the turmeric ginger tea with their homemade Brazil milk (highly recommend) and the Burmese Chickpea salad. Adorable ambiance for events, too!This place is awesome! Especially for those with dietary restrictions or who chose to live a paleo/vegan/etc lifestyle. Be prepared to pay more than your average cafe but consider how much the grocery bill at an organic grocer would be if you bought all of these ingredients on your own.....pretty sure there's a whole pineapple that goes into one cold pressed juice. Those aren't cheap- I think the prices are fair and you get a high quality, conveniently prepared, delicious item for the price. Pad Thai and beet salad are my favorite lunch items and the baked goods are pretty darn perfect. 
P.S. & Co is a gem and I wish them great success so more locations start popping up in other neighborhoods!Fresh, inventive but highly overpriced. We stopped in for some vegan friendly items but left feeling disappointed. The fresh juice was bitter, the fresh homemade sweetners and milk did not balance out the coffee even with a heavy serving and the cookies were blah. I was super excited at the idea but it needs a bit more balance of flavor and sweetness when you are selling the idea of health sweets.I made my way to PS&Co last night to the utmost urging of my friend's visiting friend. As a vegetarian, I am very pleasantly surprised by the roster of veggie places in this place (philly), they just keep crawling out of the woodwork. 
After crushing a margarita pitcher and hummus with chips at Wrap Shack, we made our way through the frigid air to P S & Co. What does that shit even mean anyway? 
This place wasn't exactly lit on a Thursday evening at around 7pm, with about one or two other tables occupied. We were given plenty of attention. It's a cute and casual sit down place. 
As per usual, I was down for ordering anything and everything. By everything, I literally mean every-single-thing. Thankfully I was accompanied by real adults who ordered a reasonable quantity of food. Despite our eyeing of the nachos (and everything else actually), we settled on the cheese board, ramen bowl, tempeh "bacon" burger, and the salt baked cauliflower & meatball pizza.
Let's start with the cheese plate. I can finally relate to how it must feel when normal people eat vegetarian-ized meat. I was not clear whether this place was actually vegan vs vegetarian and for some reason was under the assumption this was actual cheese. The plate itself is gorgeous and generously loaded with 4 types of cheese, crispy kale, honey mustard, spicy mustard, and pesto dipping sauces, apple slices, a hard bread type-thing and carrot sticks. Now onto the shit you're actually interested in: the cheese. I was not expecting the waitress to say "walnut cheese", (and then I forget the other kinds of cheese actually but all vegan). One soft with peppers and other spicy shit and 3 harder ones. They were alright but definitely not as good as actual cheese. The sauces were delicious, especially that pesto shit. Needless to say we ate the shit out of it anyway.
Second to arrive was the pizza. Crust was interesting, definitely not the type of crust I'm used to. This was one of the better offerings of the meal. The meatballs were tasty and I enjoyed the combo of flavors. Definitely not as good as regular pizza with a regular crust. Not unlike the rest of my life, perhaps my expectations are too high.
Shortly after the pizza, the tempeh burger made its way to our table. This was the ticket. Bun was soft. Tempeh was deliciously seasoned. Boyguh was escorted with crisp and thin sweet potato fries that could have been seasoned better and could have been more of themselves. I kept eyeing that last quarter on the plate and then kept counting the people at our table repeatedly disappointed that the math just didn't add up for me to have another wedge. 
Finally the ramen decided to show up. Tons of broth with some brown noodles swimming with a large hunk of bok choy. Unfortunately (because it was relatively closer to me than some of the other things and therefore easier to access) this was just not good. Pretty flavorless but the flavors that were present weren't particularly tasty. This was a waste of space both on our table, on the bill, and most importantly, in my fucking stomach. 
This place was good and seemed fresh and healthy. The service was great. I, however, feel there are better vegetarian places to try in Philly.This is my ideal place.  Really beautiful place to hang out.  All of the food is gluten free and vegan.  The people working there are incredibly patient and friendly.  I got two salads and a Summer Roll and it was all delicious.  I hope to be a repeat customer.  Very happy that things like this are coming to Philly!My must stop every time I'm in the city!  I can't resist almost everything on the brunch menu.  My favorite item is the breakfast nachos with tofu scramble.  I'm always sure to leave with a bag full of baked goodies that even the non vegans love!!
I tried the bikini burger today and it was so unique and delicious!  
The customer service has always been consistently excellent.  The owner is usually there.  She's very personable and friendly.  Always a pleasure!  
I'll be back soon!Why does this place not have 5 stars? Yes its pricey. Get over it. You get far more than what you actually pay for. With a relatively large location in Rittenhouse Square you can tell that P.S & Co. is really trying to charge you as little as they possibly can while still trying to pay the rent. In doing so, they are providing Philadelphia residents with outstanding product and I didnt even mention the service yet. 
Upon my walking in I was greeted by 2 super friendly pleasent positive counter staff I really wish i could remember their names because I must say I have never been to a place with a friendlier waitstaff..and I've been to loads of places around the world in my time here on this planet. If you appreciate great quality, warm welcoming vibes, wonderfully sourced and executed food this is your place. I wish there were more places in the USA like P.S & Co. I no longer live in Philly but if I did I would make a special trip to come here. 
I had the ramen noodles and super green tea. Excellence from point of entry to point of departure.  Keep up the good work.Beautiful interior and superb service. The food was excellent in my book. I ordered the avocado toast. The bread was gluten free and so thick. We also ordered a stack of the chocolate chip pancakes. So fluffyCakes and pies are absolutely amazing!!! I have also eaten their vegan sushi and salads, which tasty, but they cannot compare to the delicious desserts! The environment is very calming, and the restaurant is very clean. The location is close to a Rittenhouse Square, but there needs to be much better signage displayed. I recommend this place to those who want to eat deliciously without preservatives, sugar, wheat and dairy. Thank heavens for this place!Visiting from out of town and I do have to say this place was so adorable! I love everything about it from the friendly employees to the delicious drinks. Totally worth the visit and will visit again next time I'm in philly.What a great concept - wonderful execution - great ambiance - and great service
Had absolutely wonderful unique food here -
- purple soba noodles and tofu soup
- kale salad  .... heated in a pan (and not just stuffed into a microwave - "microwaves kill nutrients customers pay the extra for" - owner)
- amaranth porridge as dessert (or breakfast?) or a baked goodie substitute?)
cold pressed juices...fine selection
Ambiance, service and quality make up for any qualms about prices, but I realize high quality organic fairtrade ingredients aren't cheap.
Will go back when in Philly again - in the meantime - highly recommendedSo went to the restaurant for the first time tonight. While I was excited to try an all organic restaurant I left with a really awkward feeling.  The food was tasty, but I feel like the portion sizes compared with the cost was a bit ridiculous.  If that was everything I would say the experience was 4 out of 5 stars.  The thing that made me feel uncomfortable was when we placed our order I believe our server forgot one of our apps...Not a big deal especially After we asked her about it, she brought it out.  (btw for what it's worth my date and I work in the industry).  When the bill arrived the app that was forgotten was comped off of the bill.  We said that was a nice gesture, but the server then came over to run the credit card and she then says the comp was mistakenly put on the bill and if it's cool with us she will put the app back on the bill.  Very awkward feeling for us, and unfortunately I don't think we'll be going back.  Wish you luck, but you may want to go over protocol with your servers.I would be a regular if this place had cheaper pricing. Decor is nice and love the big open window in the front.Best coffee in Philadelphia hands down! Had breakfast here while visiting Philly and the place had a really cool vibe. I wish I could say more about the food but I was so blown away but how good the coffee was that I can't remember much about the food. I think it's the home made nut milk that made the coffee so creamy and amazing. The coffee alone and the warm vibe of the place is totally worth the visit.This place would be better described as $$$$ of blended fruit. 
This is the story of my journey here: I have a friend, and acai bowls are our thing. So we came by via a Yelp search on a Thursday evening because we didn't have a lot of other options in Philly for obtaining an acai bowl. The ambience is A+ but there's not a lot of wiggle room for glowing reviews when you pay $20 (including tip + tax) for a small bowl of blended smoothie with a smidgen of fruit topped on it. Just to give more perspective, I also noticed that the price of one tiny square piece of tiramisu cake in their display cases were close to $10. 
The server was nice but she didn't elaborate on the "seasonal fruit" as toppings in the menu, and just brought out mangoes in my acai bowl. I had to ask them to switch it out because I don't eat mangoes, and she replaced them with strawberries. But the whole process made me wonder why they don't just check in about allergies or ask the customers which seasonal fruit they want from the ones that they have available, in order to save trouble on both ends. 
It's okay when you're in a dire search for acai bowls but money doesn't grow on trees so give thought to your wallet before you walk in here.This place has a great vibe to it and I have ended up just walking in to have a smoothie or dessert. Everything is organic and healthy made with no sugar or dairy. I love their shakes and smoothies however the prices are very steep with a shake for $12. Good for an occasional healthy snack.My boyfriend and I missed our bus to NY so we decided to stop in for some breakfast. Not much options for breakfast but lunch menu looked so good. Wish we would have stuck around. My boyfriend got the waffle and I got the avocado toast. Small portions for a steep price. Very delicious though. Friendly service, great atmosphere/ambiance.Came here for the first time just to get a bottle of water, of which of course they didn't have, aside from their 'rejuvenated water' for $5. So I bought it and it was (sorry to say) disgusting.Delicious food, a little pricey but understandably so since the ingredients are all organic and sourced very carefully. The owner is a sweetheart, I've had chance to meet her and she's super sweet and down to earth.Pet/dog friendly. Organic sandwich and green juice for $18 for lunch. 
Located walking distance to the Rittenhouse square park.I'll start by saying this place is almost a daily weekday stop for me on my way to work. It is so nice to see a place like this open up that has super healthy choices and specialty food for those of us who don't fancy bacon at every meal. Although the prices are a bit high, the food is prepared well and features some unconventional ingredients, so I am not surprised. Combine that with the Rittenhouse location and the prices seem pretty much on point. 
I've tried a tonic, some salads, the summer roll, the coconut porridge, and a macaroon. I can say each one of the items I have tried was very good. The coconut porridge is my go-to. It's filling because of the chia seeds and the muesli. I prefer the fruit on top, but they don't always have it. The one criticism I have however is the consistency is not quite there. I've taken that delicious cup of coconut porridge to my office many times and here and there there is a bitter taste (I think from probiotics? Not sure) or it's quite runny. REGARDLESS, it's delicious so I don't care much and keep going back for more. 
The decor is lovely and the staff is always so friendly. Even in the face of complaining over-entitled Rittenhouse residents (witnessed this a few times and each time the Staff was soooo much nicer than I would have been able to be!) 
I hope this place lasts. It's a move in the right direction for the city. Fresh, local, organic, unconventional, healthy food that is quick and easy.PS&Co is a Vegan's dream. I love having so many options! The food here is absolutely delicious (and if you want a treat, the peppermint patty is amazing!) 
The only reason I am giving this place 4 stars out of 5 is because it is quite expensive. Sadly, I can only afford to go here once every few weeks to "treat myself" to a nice lunch during the work week. Wish it was more within my budget, as all their food and smoothies are amazing.Looking for a smoothie bowl (pre-workout) brunch around Rittenhouse and I decided to try this place.
The place is nice and clean. I was seated in the back room. Wish there are more sun light / windows.
Now let's talk about the food.
I ordered protein packed smoothie bowl and porridge. 
The porridge is bland. Even with pineapple purée I expect a little bit of sweetness but it's really bland. I could barely taste the pineapple. The only thing that make it edible is the caramelized pecan.
The smoothie bowl taste just like another smoothie, with banana and nuts. Nothing special about it.
Since they called this Protein Packed smoothie, I asked how many grams of protein in this bowl, they have no idea. 
No calorie or nutritional information on the menu either. So I'm not sure if it's really protein packed, or if the protein is higher than the carbs, or just a marketing hype.
When I left this place I feel like I'd rather eat a cup of fruit salad and drink a scoop of protein shake. At least I can estimate the amount of carbs and protein that I take. And much cheaper.
I'm glad I tried but I don't think I'd return to this place.Just had a pretty unfortunate customer service experience at P S & co. It was incredibly crowded but I managed to grab a seat by a large front table to eat my snack that I purchased at the counter. Shortly after my first few bites the manager told me that where I was sitting was table service only ( even tho I asked the person when I checked out if I could sit there) and said I had to get up. She handed me a plate and said I should sit in the shoulder to shoulder waiting area and eat....off of my lap. It was very rude and unappetizing to eat in front of hungry customers so I left immediately! Last time I'll be a patron for sure.Shocked they are in business when they seem so incompetent.  They gave us a gift card when we walked out after an hour and a half, having received just half the drink order and no food.  Why bother going back?  It was a shame to make a reservation for Mother's Day brunch just to walk out hungry.Wow this place caters to every dietary restriction that exists. Dan is the absolute coolest and will help you in any way possible, above & beyond! Kinda pricey but the ingredients are so worth it and the ambience is chill and cute and clean. Def going back soon to try the kale pizza!Great food and helpful staff. Vegan by choice and gluten allergy not by choice so this is the perfect olace for me. Highly recommend!I really, really want to like this cafe. I appreciate that they are vegan and certified kosher. The location is also very convenient for me. I've been here three times over the past few months. Most recently, I had a really spectacular muesli bar. A flatbread pizza also had a lot of potential.  (I say potential because although I asked for it to be heated, it was still cold in the center when the server brought it to me.)  
My biggest complaint is the price. I realize that I am paying a surcharge for organic and gluten-free (and perhaps even the kosher certification), but the muesli bar was nearly $7 after tax. It was no bigger than your average granola bar. The relatively small slice of pizza was over $9 after tax. A slice of cake is $9 before tax. Even though I had only been looking for a snack on both trips, I still left hungry. I purchased other food elsewhere to fill me up. It's just too expensive for the amount of food you get.This place is all vegan which is cool and has a beautiful outdoor area but the prices were insane for something so basic. My friend and I got salads for $13 each and they were good but just overpriced. I'm giving 4 stars for the fact that it's all vegan and the seating is adorable.Not super impressive. I got the waffle chicken and it was cold and burnt somehow, but the fruit salad (just chopped up apples and pineapple) on the side, was nice. I wonder if I would have had a better experience had I gotten something else to try because I was really excited and the reviews I saw before coming were great! Maybe my meal just wasn't the best but the portion was also super small for the price.The second vegan cafe/coffee shop in Philadelphia (after Grindcore House), this place is located conveniently in Rittenhouse Square. Well appointed glass/wood/plants decor. The iced coffee is as good as it gets (stong. cold brew?) and snacks are all vegan and nearly all raw. Love the little raw-ish wraps for around $6. The back area is nice and empty and a good place to escape the hustle and bustle of the city. My only gripe would be that the music selections are typically a little on the cheesy side (a la supermarket top 40, lots of sad songs.) But better than metal when you're trying to unwind.I really wanted to love this place and it took me months to finally step in here, unfortunately I wasn't blown away. The ambiance is nice and small which gives a sense of intimacy however, immediately it felt stuffy. The staff didn't say hello or smile which was pretty annoying and made me feel totally unwelcome. Especially, because I am gluten - free and really wanted the full experience. The pad Thai salad was decent kind of dry and definitely not worth $13 & the watermelon mint eater certainly wasn't worth almost $10. Believe me, I absolutely love delicious and healthy foods but to me there are plenty of other places in the city where I would rather spend $23 for lunch. I didn't try any of their sweets which I would like to at some point but I definitely wouldn't rush back.This place is unbelievably good. We popped in yesterday for an early morning snack and had the nachos with tofu scramble. So good! Then today we went for brunch and had the burrito, tacos and chocolate chip pancakes. The tacos and burrito had tofu scramble in them with a cheddar type of cheese - OMG! Both were amazing with lots of flavor. The chocolate chip pancakes were good too. I'm not a pancake person, but wanted to taste them. 
When we were done we went to the counter for some to go's and got the focaccia pizza, brownies and cookies. Before we even left the store we tried the pizza and brownie. The brownie was hands down one of the best I've ever had and the pizza was just as I had hoped it would taste. 
I hope more people try this place because it is super cute and the food is so good, but some may be turned off by the prices.The food here is fine as well as customer service.  It is just overpriced for selling vegan/organic foods.  I've had better experiences at other stores with same or better food quality without overpaying.  There is also not that much variety. I am not vegan, but I hear that promoting healthier and more sustainable eating is their thing, this business model of overpricing doesn't really add up. 
However, on food and the space
The seating space is very pretty and cozy, there is cute garden seating in the back.
The fresh coconuts are delicious, they are Asian coconuts, so a little different. 
A good place for a treat.Stopped in today for the first time looking for something new. What a find! Had the spring rolls which were absolutely fantastic. Loved the selection and the place is adorable. Can't wait to go back tomorrow, and the day after that, and the day after that...The service here was excellent! The cook kept the restaurant open just for the two of us, and carefully prepared our meals to our taste. The food was really good, although a little pricy.Great food, juice and smoothie selections! A little pricey but you get what you pay for. We got a juice, almond Elvis and flatbread pizza. All three were very tasty with unique flavors! Beware no wifi!!!!Outstanding!!   Was in town for the marathon and my fellow vegan friend and I found this place on her vegan app.
Very nice place. Good food. Great culture.  More of a cafe feel than a full service type feel but outstanding still!
We had the French bread pizza and Mac and Cheese, all vegan.   Modest portions with high quality flavors.
I recommend!Was fortunate enough to find this spot while looking for a cafe to have brunch on a Saturday afternoon.  Loved the cozy and casual ambiance and the friendly staff.  I had the waffle made out of oats and quinoa which was a good, light, and healthy breakfast option and my friend had the breakfast tacos which she said were delicious.  Coffee was also really good with the vegan cream and sweetener.The food here is delicious and the staff was super friendly and very knowledgeable about the ingredients used in what was featured on the menu!!! My favorite was the kale+pesto pizza (vegan, gluten-free, soy-free, and organic) and the brownie (vegan, gluten-free, soy-free, organic and made with coconut sugar!). 3 months ago I had a food sensitivity test done and found out I had a wheat, dairy, soy, and cane sugar sensitivity. As a vegetarian, I knew that removing all these foods was going to be difficult but I was so happy to come upon this restaurant/cafe which had dishes that met my dietary constraints. It was the first-time I had a gluten-free and dairy-free pizza that didn't make me want to gag! The kale+pesto pizza was amazing! The crust had flavor, the miso-cheese wasn't a liquid drizzle as I had seen on other vegan pizza's from other places and it was soy-free and organic as well! The brownie was perfect and I'm excited to try the other desserts that were featured as well. So happy that Philly keeps growing with forward-thinking restaurants and I love that this place is ahead of the curve with using organic ingredients and up to the challenge of creating delicious meals without soy and wheat-gluten!!!I came here for a lunch date with some girlfriends after hearing great reviews about the interior space. Walking into the store, it truly is beautiful, like a mixture between an old apothecary and garden store/greenhouse. Absolutely gorgeous. LOVE! 
The front space is narrow with seating placed in front of the service counter. Traveling into the back, there is a larger room filled with additional tables, a gorgeous light-filled window and a table that seems to be utilized for cooking classes. It seems to have a small garden space as well, but I cannot vouch for that area as it was too cold out.
While the menu is carefully put together and the ingredients are chosen with care, the flavor and price just do not match up. I got a kale salad that came with a heavy sunflower "caesar" along with crunchy garbanzos and shiitake "bacon." It was okay, however, the kale was the curly variety and so either thinly slicing it or using lacinato would have made it less "toothsome." The shiitakes were good, albeit, not very smokey, and chickpeas were standard. For $12.50, plain kale, a dressing, and handful of beans is not something I think I would get again, as there are far too many options in Center City for better tasting/cheaper salads (albeit not organic.) I also got a $7 "bowl" of chickpea miso soup, which came in a shallow dish and was literally a some dulse floating in an ehh-tasting broth. Not very "miso-y" nor anywhere worth the price, but perhaps the daily special  would have been a better & heftier option.
Overall, the space is beautiful, staff is friendly, but the prices are something that won't make this a place I frequent. I understand their location, rent, and the quality of ingredients they use are a big proponent to pricing, but their food just didn't live up to the cost.I may be biased because I'm from a very vegan friendly city, but while the food was quite good I was disappointed by the prices and some of the offerings. 
Soy is an issue for lots of people, and only having tofu for savory brunch options can be limiting for guests. I am someone who cannot have gluten, dairy, or soy, and I struggled to find anything on the brunch menu that sounded like it would accommodate my desires and my needs. I love a good smoothie with my savory breakfast!
That being said, the smoothies we had were really great. I appreciate how much effort this place goes to make their food from scratch. The flavors were rich and the food filling. I did find the prices to be a bit high, bit given this is one of the few restaurants of its kind I can understand why that would be. 
I would maybe come here again for lunch. It looks like they have lots of salads/soups that would meet my needs!Came here for breakfast nachos because of a previous comment on here but they only have it on weekends. So I got a basil pesto caprese sandwich instead, soooooooooo goood. Definitely coming back tomorrow, for those nachos lolThis place is amazing! The food is impressive the service is helpful and friendly. I got the pancakes... I'll be back tomorrow.Very expensive but the quality is amazing. The banana bread and the peanut brittle are my two favorites. Tasted the garbanzo bean chili was quite tasty. I tried the peanut butter and chocolate tart it was very intense and not very sweet but yet very intense,  little bit of a learning curve on it but I would order it again, it was what a tart  should be without all the add sugar.
 Not for the economically challenged you are paying for a high-quality food and they're paying a higher rent in Rittenhouse Square.
Tried the tea the Earl Grey I really liked it strong but not too strong . A must for foodies that are extremely  particular about the cleanliness of their food and the purity of ingredients.
I also have a section with jams and spices rices. There are meals to take home and vegetable drinks.
Hold it.... The Elvis torte is just plain darn addicting and to be handled with upmost care and a small spoon ... Keeps the food orgasium going!Very expensive, and tasty healthy food.  azuki bean brownie was unique, not to sweet, and delicious!  Cute spot for a brief respite from any center city bustle!Kinda expensive but it's so good I keep coming back even though I prolly shouldn't be paying $12 for a smoothie love their coffee too I get it with Brazilian tree nut milk and coconut sugar and it bombb would def recommend just pricy but kinda worth it since everything's organic freshly madeI want to love this place, but we just can't seem to get along. I recently stopped in and asked if they had kombucha; no one who worked there had any idea what I was talking about, so I settled for juice. It seems the place is eco-conscious (the vegan food, their advertisement of wind power, etc.) but they were quick to pour my juice into a plastic Solo cup (not to mention spilling my juice while doing so, and having to run to the fridge to know the name of the product so I could be rung up) even after I offered to return the glass bottle when I was through with it. I'm more than happy to pay $11 for a healthy 12oz (?) juice, but it actually wasn't enjoyable at all. The beet was completely overpowered by an excess of lemon and ginger to the point of being quite bitter and harsh. To top things off, when you use a card at the register, the tip amount is cleverly arranged so that it starts with 30% on the left, then 25%, and 20% on the right - anyone else think that's subtly manipulative? Somehow I managed to walk away feeling cheap for *only* leaving 20% tip despite clumsy, unknowledgeable service, and in the end spent almost $14 for a juice that doesn't even taste good.Checked in and checked out.
Rang up my $7.50 coconut yogurt to discover they don't have WiFi because they're "in a dead zone." 
P.S. & Co. is located at 17th and Locust in Center City, Philadelphia. 
The cashier gladly refunded me and I went on my way. Note: she still offered the free macaroon check-in offer, which was very nice. 
I was happy to pay the high price for a snack if that meant I could camp out for an hour or so and get some work done. No go at P.S. & Co.Saw this place while walking in the neighborhood with a friend and went for lunch the next day. Five stars just for the interior and setting of the place. It is absolutely gorgeous, with wooden chairs, vintage style furniture and little flower/plant decorations everywhere. Even their bathroom is adorable. The servers were all super nice. I had their summer roll and macaroons for dessert. Both were light and flavorful-just the right portion, although it is a bit on the pricey side. Would definitely drop by again to try more things on the menu.Amazing pressed juice and very tasty coconut yogurt, but quite overpriced. I paid $46 for coconut yogurt, a muesli bar, pour over, a pressed juice and a kale salad. For $13 the kale salad had very little toppings and the kale didn't seem massaged as advertised. There just wasn't a lot there for a $13 salad. Very little tofu or kraut. I would recommend the coconut yogurt in terms of flavor, but this place is quite expensive for the portion size. The salad didn't blow my mind for the $13 price tag and minimal toppings. It was just OK.I was in Philly today and needed caffeine an perhaps a snack/lunch to take on Amtrak back to New York. 
I've been wanting to try this establishment for a while so I stopped it... upon entering I was greeted immediately by the cashier. First I ordered coffee in my own mug...... my total was $5 dollars for drip coffee with "housemade Brazil nut milk".This place is PERFECT!!!!!! Let's discuss why. 
First off when you walk in you are immediately taken by the adorable atmosphere.  This shop was designed by someone with an extremely high taste level.  Notice the light fixtures and containers when you go in. It's spacious, airy, comfortable, and yet very cool! 
Now the menu is great - they have tremendous HEALTHY breakfast options and I can't wait to stop by in the AM on my way to work to get something awesome! I had the chia pudding with fruit and a reanimator coffee w Brazil nut milk.  They also have quiche, cookies, porridge, huge beautiful looking salads, lunch dishes that were so fresh and colorful and pretty much everything is organic and 100% gluten free - this is not how I typically eat but is always how I want to eat!  This place will make it so easy for me to step up my healthy game.  What really got me was the availability of freshly pre made  food, so you can eat in with so much seating and space or in my case - grab and go when you're on the move. This spot is perfect for anyone looking to enjoy high quality food in an extremely convenient way!
Plus it's delish! The food was awesome! You can tell they care about their ingredients and presentation and the environment! All their packaging is compost able and the staff is very friendly and very informed.
Now to seal the deal - this is *officially* the only place in Philly to do all organic cold press juices.  Finally - Philly caught up with like the rest of the juicing world - organic is the absolute ONLY proper way to juice and I am now going to be able to put my juicer away and buy from PS! 
So thrilled with this new vegan, gluten free, healthy, organic, perfect addition to center city / rittenhouse.  I'm so thankful yelp / twitter celeb Laura Jill S. Brought me here! She knows all the hot spots!I came here with my fiance while we were vacationing in Philly. The staff member was happy to answer any questions we had about ingredients in menu items.  I had the mac&cheese heated up. It didn't really taste like mac&cheese, it tasted more like mac in a really good cream sauce and was very satisfying. I just wish the portion was larger. My fiance got the mohinga soup. I had some of it. It was very flavorful and savory without being spicy. The rice noodles worked with the broth perfectly. I can only imagine how much more satisfying it'd be to have for breakfast on a cold winter morning. The only downsides are that they're kind of pricey for their portion sizes, and that they aren't in NYC. Actually I changed my mind, if they were in NYC I'd probably blow more money than I should on P.S. & Co.  I'd love to go back.Good coffee. I will sample more of what they have to offer since I feel places like this are important to the city and offer an alternative to fast food. But they kinda need to lose the militant vegan attitude. That was a turn off. I don't care if you a vegan cafe. All I want is good coffee that rocks. 
Please consider something other than your Brazil "creamer." I understand good food comes at a premium, but I found the whole Brazil thing pretentious.I wanted to give PS & Co five stars.
For months I've been admiring the shops Instagram account and drooling over the beautiful dishes they create, and the thoughtful and clean ingredients they use. 
My rating is based on a combination of factors. 
The pros:
The space while not large, is lovely. In another incarnation it would make a lovely coffee or tea shop filled with cozy banquets allowing people to languish over books and laze about sipping a beverage and chatting with friends.
This space isn't quite as warm and cozy as is.
But lovely. 
The food is thoughtful. You can tell the person creating each dish put love jnto it. 
It's healthy stuff. Nothing you get here is unhealthy. 
The cons:
I felt unwelcome. 
There is something to be said for a smile when you walk into an store. I've said it in other reviews- but not getting better a warm greeting when walking into a shop makes a huge difference. I will immediately become disenchanted if my experience in a shop made me feel rushed, unappreciated (hey small businesses- where's the love?) and feel like the staff wants to roll their eyes at me.
Just smile dude.
I didn't feel like premade juices should cost what they're charging. 
It seems wasteful. Also, what if people don't want the combinations that have been stocked?
The fridge in the back where the juices are kept don't have great lighting, and seeing all the juices with the settled pulp is unappealing. 
My spring roll was tasty, and wasn't overpriced- but alas, I can make it better for the cost of the one that I bought.
This isn't a bad place to check out. Definitely great for those who have dietary restrictions.Bit pricey I ordered 3 almond butter blueberry muffins, a pop tart which was $10, lemon chia loaf and a smoothie. Total came out to about $40 bucks. Only received 2 of the muffins I paid for. Called the establishment once I got back in my hotel to notify them, but no one answered. Had to leave a message and no one got back in contact with me. Was hoping I could just grab one the next morning before I left back home to DC. Unfortunately that didn't happen and I have yet to be contacted. My loss. The smoothie wasn't very flavorful, it might have needed a couple more pieces of fruit. The muffins had nuts in it but didn't display nuts, so i gave some to my 12 month old and had to immediately take it out while I realized it had tiny pieces of nuts in it. The chia lemon loaf was my favorite. Very flavorful. Wish I would have got another one as they are small. Pop tart was cool too but not worth $10. It is slightly larger than a regular pop tart.Great place for anyone with food allergies or vegan/vegetarian. Everything is made in house gluten free and organic. The brazil nut milk or coconut milk served with coffee is housemate and unique. The best are the cakes with coconut cream icing or the cookie sandwiches in the summer. Their main menu consists of salads, pizza and a beet and black bean burger. My favorite is the burmese chickpea salad.As someone who loves her meat, dairy, gluten, caffeine, and alcohol, the news that I had to go on a three-week detox diet was saddening to say the least.  I ended up cooking at home mostly, but my sister treated me to lunch at PS&Co when we were in Philly and it hit the spot! 
I had the grilled cheese sandwich with tomato soup, she had the avocado toast, and we spilt the brownie.  The grilled cheese did not taste like cheese per se, but it was tasty and filling and worked with my food restrictions.  I didn't try the avocado toast because my sister ate it all! But she said it was good.  The brownie was chewy and chocolatey, so I recommend having any one of their delicious-looking desserts.
The final star is for our server, Dan.  Dan was SUPER helpful with everything from start to finish! 
If you are in Philly, check this place out. If you are not in Philly, plan a weekend trip to visit and check this place out hahah :)Visiting my brother in Law for his graduation and we needed something healthy so turned to yelp. I called and made my order. Evan aka Kev was phenomenal. He was as patient as can be (I asked him a lot of questions for my diet). He even put me on a quick hold (asked me first) to get a second opinion on which menu item was healthier that I was deciding from. The food was great, but it's the people like this who make your day. Wouldn't be surprised if this guy was the owner. Carried himself that way. Thank you!Healthy food, juices and smoothies. Great atmosphere too. The burrito is great if you're looking for something fillingDelicious food, awesome atmosphere, very cool place.  I love and will definitely come back!Just came in to pick up some sweets and I wasn't disappointed!  I picked up the strawberry shortcake and it was amazing!  Dense cake with sweet strawberries - just a wonderful dessert !Delicious, fresh, cold-pressed, organic juice and, from the looks of the menu, more! I was spoiled for choice, and I can't wait to go back and try an array of different juice offerings.
They keep the generously sized glass bottles well-organized from pure vegetable juice to pure fruit juice, with every combination of concentration in between. The helpful man on duty helped me make up mind, and his advice was sound! My beet, ginger, lemon, etc., juice had just the right balance of sweetness and zing without overdoing it. An impressive and very palatable feat. 
As a bonus, you can pony up to keep your juice in the luxe glass bottle, or save a few dollars by switching to a to-go cup. I loved the bottle, so it's definitely worth it for the first time at least. 
If you're looking for a delicious juice or smoothie option, I wholeheartedly standby P.S. & Co's offerings!Been vegan for about 4 years now, trending towards raw and have been coming to PS & Co. for about it the last two years, at least once a month. PS & Co. is the only place in Center City where you can find a variety of vegan food spanning from raw, juices, house made nut milk, to some soy based meat replacements, delicious baked and raw sweets, and awesome to-go options. The staff here is really lovely and willing to accommodate additions or omissions when they can - special shout out to Rachel who was so cool today & Natasha, definitely go on a Sunday afternoon to meet her. 
Today we had a smoothie bowl with acai, coconut yogurt, pumpkin seeds, raw young coconut meat (from a Thai coconut they cracked in-house), bananas, and nut butter. It was divine. They had fresh, house made coconut milk so I got that mixed with cold brew along with a green juice. My partner ordered the coconut milk straight up- super delicious. Truly, everything here is top notch and the best part is the way it makes you feel-- not heavy or sluggish, but energized! Thanks guys.WOW! I never thought vegan food could be made to taste so good. Haha! Also the environment and decor was so cute and earthy (literally because of all the plants/wood/and earth tone colors). I ordered the Pad Thai and although I'm used to eating it with meat, the cafe was able to make the meatless version of this phenomenal! I loved it! I really want to try the coffee here sometime. But until then!What a great spot!  The counter help was nice enough to blend a custom juice.  Juice was great I only wish they were fresh pressed - but they still get 5 stars :) Nice design, decor, people and excellent menu options. Plenty of seating.  
I would agree on the pricing being on the high end (over $20 for a juice and a salad to go-plus the auto tip request pop up is sort of awkward at the counter).  BUT they still get 5stars because I would have given them more if I could!Expensive healthy grub but completely worth it. We went back 2/2 days on a recent trip to Phili.Amazing #glutenfree #vegan  food in downtown #Philly  
#coldpress juice, Kale salads, & amazing dessertsFood was good but very expensive . Got a small beet burger on sweet potato roll for $9 and that's all it was....no lil side salad...no nothin. Latte also good $5. The real killer was the Tiramisu for $10. It was about 3" x 2 ". good flavor but nothing to rave about.  Unless  you make  Rittenhouse $ and don't care how you spend it  go elsewhere.  Also server was awkward.When I walked in there was like no customers and staffs were chatting over the counter. They had this snobby arrogant attitude which Was so annoying. The juice here is obviously overpriced - almost $15 for a bottle of juice and you don't get to keep the glass bottle. Any organic cold-pressed juice on the market is like under 10 and taste way better than this place. Plus the place and that glass bottle was so dirty that I can see the stains on the bottle.I was in town for a conference and stumbled across this place with some of my friends. It was Saturday night, and we didn't have dinner reservations anywhere. The staff at PS&Co accommodated us anyway. This menu is a delight! There were 4 of us in my party - two vegans and one person who cannot have any gluten. The menu is 100% organic, vegan, and gluten-free. Talk about liberating! We ordered the Imperial Rolls, which are amazing! You know the food is good when a hush descends as people start tasting it. The Veracruz tacos are a nice mix of sweet and spicy. The cauliflower and mushroom meatball pizza was interesting, but don't expect something that seems like pizza. One appetizer, two entrees, one side, and four desserts came to $106. My friends and I didn't think it was too expensive because of the variety of choices on the menu, the great atmosphere and location, and the outstanding service. We had the best time, and I will go back when I'm in Philadelphia again.Grilled Cheese with tomato soup, Caesar salad, tiramisu...I'm ready to move to Philly for this place.  I'm a NY'er and wish there was a Gluten Free and Vegan joint even half as amazingly amazing as PS&CO. A MUST stop for anyone with taste buds.Honestly, the thing I dislike about P S & Co, the one thing I have to complain about is the price! Food is good, service is good, they have an eat-in or take-out option, but I don't come in often because it is so expensive! 
On my most recent trip I ran in quickly to get something for lunch... to get just a SALAD (no drink, nothing else) puts you at close to $15 (for not a very big one either!). I went with their ramen/soup option, which again tasted good, but the portion was so small! I get that everything being organic, vegan, and "free" of everything puts it in the more pricey range, but I just can't justify coming in here often.Cafe with a options, not many, but enough to find something that you like. Smoothies are fresh. The juices are a bit expensive though. Overall, great spot. Ambiance is good.The food is delicious but over priced. The items are much smaller than expected, especially for the steep price, so don't expect to be satisfied unless you're willing to spend $18+ on lunch.This is probably my favorite vegan restaurant in Philly! It actually beats all the ones in NYC as well. Decor in this place, straight 10/10. Cool homey vibes that make you wish you could post up for the day. The staff, amazing! Everyone is super friendly and helpful and really make every moment of your time here fantastic. They're also super knowledgeable about all things PS&Co and really want you to have a pleasurable experience. Food, see pics attached to this review but beware mouth watering may occur. Carrot cake is my all time favorite (pictured) but all of their cakes/ baked goods knock it out of the park. I also tried the avocado toast with miso cheese and breakfast tacos. Everything is super fresh and it really shows. 
Stop in and place an order to go, grab some baked goods or dine in. Make a reservation to be on the safe side for brunch/ dinner bc they fill up!