This is a solid burger spot. Everything about it is just what i want from a burger place. Friendly people, interesting burgers, cooked well, and good prices. Even the sodas are better than everywhere else.I tried this place out lastnight.  It was amazing.  I had the juicy burger that had mushrooms and carmelized onions and my friend had the Punk burger.  Both were delicious.  We also share the homemade mozzarella sticks and fries.  The staff were super sweet and very helpful in making my selections.  I will definitely be going back there.This was one of the best burgers I have had. Very friendly service and reasonably priced.Burgers are solid, but damn, the tots are why I keep coming back. Good vibes, fast service, doesn't feel crowded even when it's busy...nice price point for a too-lazy-to-cook night.Love the Cali Burger, fries and the milkshakes!  A little bit of a wait for your food, but a good atmosphere to be with friends.  Cash-only kills me because I always underestimate how much I will spend and have to deal with the ATM fee.The food is average. The service is average. Don't bother to ask the servers what items on the menu are. They reply we don't eat here or know if people like the food. Go if you are in the neighborhood and craving a burger but I wouldn't go out of your way to come here. Also it's cash only.How do you only have one person serving and hosting and expect things to run smoothly??
 Let me start off by saying the milkshakes were fantastic... But when it takes an hour to get your beverage it kind of ruins everything else. 
I really wanted to like this place... It had so much potential! Potential only goes so far though.
I went here with my boyfriend on a Wednesday night, and we had a groupon for 2 specialty burgers, a basket of fries, and 2 milkshakes. We stood in the doorway waiting to be seated for about 5 minutes and we were told to sit anywhere we liked, so we picked a spot near the door. After another ten minutes the server comes back with the menus and explains how everything works and goes to wait on another party. After an additional 10-15 minutes he returns to take our orders and then we wait. 
While waiting a few more parties enter and are forced to stand and wait by the door while this poor server is running back and forth. I'm not sure if he was unaware of the people standing there or just too busy to care. At one point he tries to offer the arcade table to a couple and they refuse so my boyfriend volunteers us to move to that table (30 minutes have passed and no food or milkshakes). That table hadn't been cleaned yet so we wait another 10 minutes for the server to run back and forth to all the other tables before returning to clean the arcade table. 
Once seated at our new table we are still forced to wait longer for our food. At which point the server comes back and states that the guy making the milkshakes is swamped and he's sorry we haven't gotten those yet. And then miraculously our burgers and fries make an appearance. The boyfriend got the big man on campus (it was supposed to be medium rare... It was not) and I got the punk burger (swapped with a turkey patty, which was dry). Fries were decent. 3/4 of the way through our food we finally got our milkshakes. At this point I really wanted it all to be over with
So we wait another 10 minutes for him to come back with the check, and I knew ahead of time there would be a service fee... But I did not know it would be $8, and that they'd expect additional tip on top of that. Displeased, was I. 
In conclusion... The groupon was pointless and I won't be going back.So you need to start with a milkshake. On a warm late spring or summer night. While sitting outside. And order a make-your-own (...or signature) burger.
Basically, go there right now. Except not at the time of this posting because it's 10 p.m. and they're now closed. Just.. go there soon.Awesome little burger joint. All organic meat and it's cooked to perfection. Just the right amount of food. The Nutella milkshake is a must! You must try this place. Note it's BYOB.Strolled by a few times since they opened and it was packed each time so finally saw some opening today & stopped in for lunch.  Disclaimer - opening week so some snags to be expected.
Pros:
- Burger was seasoned well but didn't have that nice char on the outside.
- Woman owner was running her butt off & still managed to check with everyone to see how their meal was & thanked people for their patience, makes me happy to spend my money where someone appreciates their customers having a good experience. 
Cons:
- The prices are really up there.  I mean so up there that it's enough to make me not go back. $30.00 for 2 people to have some burgers and 4 onion rings (yes 4)each is too steep.  I am very willing to pay more for organic, local ingredients but these prices are out of my range for sure as I imagine they will be for many people based on the conversations that were going on around the table.
- Crazy small in there, the long table is a big mistake in my opinion, more tables along that wall would have been a better option. Especially now in the winter when we all have big bulky coats, we were literally sitting on top of each other which is pretty awkward when you're eating finger food not to mention you can't have anything resembling a "private" conversation with the close quarters.  The seats along the wall didn't seem much better as the line from the counter stretches down the skinny aisle and people were standing over the folks eating at the tables. Also there was 1 guy who seated himself at a 4 top, come on dude that's not cool but there needs to be some signage or something about seating etiquette.
- They were out of regular french fries (they did have sweet potato) but I saw a guy walking in with what I thought was a case of fries & they were still telling people no fries, hmm.  No fries already, I was so bummed.
- It's freezing in there, when the door opened we were all cringing.
- The guy taking my order was quite confused & then admitted it was his first day so I can't blame him for not giving me my soda cup & then afterwards also not giving me a lid or straw to go with it but still, it was annoying.
- The bun was cold which was hard to get past but it had already been over 35 mins since we ordered and I needed to get to my hair appointment so I didn't bother saying anything b/c they seemed pretty overwhelmed which again the place is so new I understand that part but the burger was also much smaller than I expected when I saw the prices.  Maybe they just forgot to toast my bun, and the rest of the burger.
- they are cash only but I didn't see that posted anywhere on the menu or in the restaurant so I had to use their ATM.  I guess they are used to people not knowing about that b/c when they told me about the ATM they offered to refund the $2.50 service charge, which was cool.
I hope this place takes a look at all the feedback about the prices and esthetics of the place b/c I really want them to be successful.I was in here recently and it was great! The food was amazing! My friend and I both got beef burgers (with different items on them) and they were delicious! Everything we ordered was really good. The service was good as well! I'd definitely come here again and again!! Once of the best burger places in the area in my opinion!I love this place. Quality food and great options that aren't beef. The Juicy Philly and Wasabi Ahi are my two favorites. Fries are great as well but MUCH better when you eat them in-house. They get soggy if your order is to-go. Other bonuses: they serve Little Baby's ice cream and Maine Root fountain sodas.Going on 2 hours for a delivery order 3 blocks away. I would only give them 1 star but the food is worth another star.  
Also, dining in has always been inconsistent. Pick-up somehow takes forever as well. If the burgers weren't so good I'd stop eating here completely. 
UPDATE: It is now 10:45 pm. I placed my delivery order at 8:45 when I got home. My food is lukewarm, my fries are soggy and this meal cost me $24.Went on Sunday around lunch and even with the special lunch price, I thought it was to expensive,  We hardly received any fries (Just warm, not super hot like I love them).  Flavor was good but I just cannot justify it for the price.  I would rather get a burger somewhere else for that price.  I only see myself going back when they are open late!Certainly not terrible. Definitely not good. Ordered a burger medium, it came out more than well done. Same was true for everyone at the table. They probably grind their own meat (which is great!), but I reasoned this because I found a chip of bone in my burger (which is bad!). My wife got guacamole on her burger, and it was all brown. My brother in law got an over easy egg on his burger, and it was almost uncooked. 
The place is new, so I'm willing to try it again. However, they need to step up their burger game. Nearby Fountain Porter's burger is significantly better quality, better prepared, and half the price. 
I won't waste my time going back here until these guys have figured out how to use their own grill. Maybe a few more months?My friend and I went here for lunch, and it was a great experience. She ordered the Big Man on Campus which is essentially a bacon cheeseburger, but everything is cooked inside the patty. I ordered the Jalape単o burger which included pepper jack cheese and pico de Gallo. The vegetables were so fresh! The patty didn't have much flavor, but I could see how they didn't want it to overpower the toppings. In addition to pre-designed burgers, you had the option to build your own. Our burgers came out within ten minutes of ordering. We got the lunch combos which came to $13 each; combos included burger, fries, and unlimited fountain drink. The fries were amazing! They were super tiny but very crunchy and tasty. The fountain drink wasn't your average soda but a company by the name of Maine Root. My friend thought I was crazy for getting the Blueberry Soda. It was sooo good though, and she thought so too! The smell is very overpowering, but the taste is delicious. Be advised that this place is cash only with very limited seating.good burger, kick-ass milkshake.  not my favorite burger in the city, but certainly worthwhile.  would be nice if the server checked to see if a table full of adults wanted to split checks, but that seems to be a local issue, not a P'unk Burger issue.The fact that P'unk Burger is BYOB is e-v-e-r-y-t-h-i-n-g!
Just had the burger of the month--the Jalapeano Burger--and BOY was it delicious. Just spicy enough (although with a name like that and the number of jalapeano things on it, probably not spicy enough--but whatever!)
My better half can't bring himself to order anything but the Cuban Reuban whatever it's called. I don't even know what's on it because by the time it comes it's gone! 
Definitely can't leave without a milk shake. I've tried. It's just not possible!!!!
The ONLY thing that would make us weekly regulars (which maybe is a good thing that we aren't, says my cholesterol) is CASH ONLY! PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE CHANGE THIS!!! So annoying (especially with how high tech y'all are!)Two words: vegan milkshakes. If your diet is gf, df, vegetarian, or vegan, I'd highly recommend this place! Absolutely phenomenal burgers with amazing add-on toppings, cheeses, and so on. Amazing!Love the make-your-own menu!! Super tasty, fun vibe, great staff. Great neighborhood place. Definitely coming back especially since it's so hard to find a great burger these days - what happened to the classics?? 
Also it's BYOB, so grab a beer from the bottle shop (which isn't a favorite of mine, but it'll do).I put this as the best place I ate in philly. .. I will be coming back here every time I visitP'unk Burger was great! Food was good. Service was good. Great place for a quick, casual bite to eat!We order from here ALL of the time! Their gluten free options have stolen my heart and made burgers enjoyable again  I get so excited by all of the options that my burger is normally too big to even fit in my mouth -- oh, and their fries and tots are awesome!Coming from Australia, I love a good burger. This place does not disappoint on the quality. The burgers were gourmet without being pretentious. The restaurant itself is casual and despite it being busy, I could hear my friend talking to me. The menu had enough variety without being too much.
Good:
- variety
- quality ingredients
- tasty
- great, fast service (but not in a 'eat quick and get out' kind of way)
- no cards but an ATM in house
Not so good (but not enough to stop me coming back):
- a little on the pricey side
- it was 90F outside and almost the same inside. Turn on the air please.The beef burgers are absolutely amazing, everything I have had from them has been delicious. I was surprised to see comments about long delivery times, we order delivery pretty often and haven't had that problem with them. It's a short menu of things they do really well.Fries were really good! 
Tuna burger looks small but is really thick so quite filling. And rare! Which is the only way to respectfully eat tuna.
Wish the bun came toasted automatically. Other than that, no gripes.P'unk Burger might be my favorite restaurant in all of Philly. Marlo couldn't be more wonderful, the wait staff is warm and helpful, and the food is top notch. Everything they serve is chosen carefully and is largely local. You have to try the mozzarella sticks--they're phenomenal. I always order my own burger (beef with truffle oil, blue cheese, and peppercorn bacon--you're welcome!) but the burgers they have on their menu are especially good, also (try the P'unk for starters!). You can't go wrong here. I take every friend who visits from out of town here, as well as folks who have lived here for years--no one leaves disappointed!Solid burgers with loads of variety or customization. I liked the fries just fine but my friend was not a fan. Service was good--a bit slow but it was a busy Saturday night--staff was very friendly and pleasant. We will definitely be back.UPDATE: I'm upgrading my rating. I went back to P'unk Burger a few days after opening night because I wanted to try something else. It was a lot more calm than opening night, obviously. The Slice burger blew me away. Fried mozzarella, tomato sauce, and a perfectly cooked burger. So good.
A great aspect of this place is its organic ingredients. I'm not someone who eats all organic or anything, but it definitely feels good to go out for a burger and fries and not feel awful afterwards. 
I'm rooting for this place a lot, I highly recommend it.Second and last visit.  Buns were stale; cheese not melted onto burger. Over priced.  $35 for 2 burgers, 1 shake and a soda!!!!  I wouldn't have minded if it were good.Funky little burger spot on East Passyunk Ave in South Philly.  Food is great.  We had Ahi Tuna Burger with wasabi and regular burger with smoked Gouda and turkey bacon.  Milkshake creamy.  Everything very very good.  Service is pleasant and accommodatingI REALLY wanted to like this place. What's not to love about organic burgers? Upon our arrival on a Thursday evening, the place was vacant. The woman working was super friendly and informative. I ordered the P'unk Burger while my boyfriend ordered the Big Man on Campus, an order of fries and a chocolate milkshake. Our food came out hot and everything looked great. As I said before, I really wanted to like this place...the place was clean and inviting, staff was friendly, and all menu items were organic....the burgers just weren't that good, especially considering the price.Great spot for grabbing a burger and fries.  Burger and roll was fresh and delicious.  Sweet potato fries also good.  Shakes could be habit forming.  Glad we don't live close.  Staff are very friendly and helpful.  It is not big, so be prepared to wait a little.  It is cash only but  they have a cash machine.  Also can BYOB.  Will be back for another burger and fries.  They also have Gluten Free etc.  Also ordered burgers Medium and it was darn close.Almost bought a groupon for them and at the last minute noticed that it was mon-thurs only,LAME! 
I passed. So one night my family was strolling along and said, "HEY LETS TRY PUNK BURGER"... We walk in, CASH ONLY???? It's a brand new restaurant. Get with the times! We walked right out. Not going to even try based on other reviews on here and from people I know who weren't happy.
Go to fuel instead!
Note to owner: after seeing your (what I would call) unprofessional responses to bad reviews I would say 1. You shouldn't have opened a restaurant if you can't give it the time and attention it needs, 4 kids or not. 2. I think you should brush up on your interpersonal skills and stop making excuses and then giving a not so genuine apology. I recommend you show some tender loving care to your establishment before it becomes another ghost of the avenue. 3. Learn how to schedule proper amount of employees during shifts. 4. Accept credit cards, you'd make a lot more money!First time here last night to have some casual dinner out with my wife and sister. Turned out a great experience. We ordered p'unk burger and big man on campus with half and half fries and the shake, of course, almond milk with smores shake. 
The burgers were so juicy, love the insanity bacon and the fried mozzarella and thin cut fries, not too oily and fried for perfection. Definitely will come back again myself or with friends for some quick casual lunch between lunch break. Go have a seat outside during some beautiful weather, and enjoy the vibe of east passyunk. A lovey experience.Burgers are good but not great. On the plus side, both of our burgers were cooked exactly as ordered.  At many other places , I order my burger medium rare and have to send it back because it is more than well done.  The regular fries were pretty tasteless. 
If you're in the area and want a decent burger definitely stop by. But not worth making a special trip for.I tried the pulled portabella, tasty and great quality ingredients, but for close to $11 I can't really justify coming here too often. For that much in a South Philly take out joint I expect to get a meal, but it felt more like a snack.I haven't been this conflicted since trying to decide if it was appropriate to get an erection during Cercei's naked walk of shame on Game of Thrones. 
I recently bitched about burger culture and how it caused me to pay $17 for a burger, fries and shake at Shake Shack so when the price for a burger and fountain drink came to $15 here I was ready to complain in the like.
Then I tried the burger and was reminded of Homer Simpson and his "Urge to kill, lessening. " I'm getting a little ahead of myself so I'll start at the beginning. 
On my way into the joint, I noticed the special board and was intrigued by the Jalape単o burger ($12). It was fortuitous that I glanced at that board because I walked in, saw some tables and a counter and walked up to it. There was no discernible menu or menu board visible. The girl greeted me and instead of asking any questions I just blurted out, Jalape単o burger and a drink, paid my money and waited. 
I probably didn't do it right. I planned on eating in. They didn't ask if I wanted it to go or not. When the burger was done, they handed it to me expertly stapled into a bag. I thought maybe the seats get waited on so I took my burger and went to my car. 
It was there that I finally tried it. Good lord all of the negative ways I was feeling about the confusing service and the price were washed away by one of the best burgers I've ever eaten. Between the chopped peppers and the 1732 bacon,  spicy cheese, the perfect bun and thick grilled burger, I was in heaven. While I still think $12 is a lot for any burger, I can't deny that it wasn't worth it. 
Once I figure out how to see what kind of burgers they offer, I can't wait to go back and try another one. A friend likened it to the burger equivalent of Pizzeria Beddia without the 45 min wait and I can't help but agree. Both places are must try destination spots in Philly.Sooooooooo gooood!!! Love it from the natural punk swagg cool burger names and Mexican imported sodas!!Second visit to P'unk burger. This time I got the tuna burger and it was delicious! Perfectly cooked tuna with just a light sear. The burger was topped with a spicy wasabi slaw on a delicious fluffy bun.
The wait time is still fairly long, roughly 20-30 minutes, even when the restaurant is not full. The beef burgers are still woefully over cooked. Word to the wise, ask for it rare if you want any hint of pink.I am a Brooklyn, NY guy with a love for Philly. I try to hit a new food spot or two every time I'm in Philly. This spot is great. Very good burgers. The employees are very kind, friendly and make you feel welcomed. Definitely a good spot to hit up!Just visited here for lunch. The B&W shake was amazing!! I mean, it's Nutella and Vanilla, so really, how could it have been anything short of amazing. I also really loved the sweet potato fries. I got the seasonal BBQ Burger with bacon, Gouda, barbecue sauce, and Guinness caramelized onions. It was very good, but super greasy. Believe me, I know it's a burger and it's supposed to be greasy, but it was just hard to eat because of that. The service was also solid... Not hovering but helpful when needed. All in all, I would definitely come back.Disappointing.  Thought the burger quality was very poor and tasteless.  There's no air conditioning.  My friend got burned by hot lava cheese.  
I really don't mean to be rude.  It just didn't come across as a good quality meal.  I will say the servers were nice.  
I live very close by but I would not eat there again.
All in all I would rather go to Shake Shack or Five Guys any day of the week.Lamb "Greek burger" came topped with a big piece of falafel. My bad for not catching the fact before ordering that falafel isn't Greek, but hey whatever, maybe it blends in nice with everything else. But no, falafel was dry, not very good and completely dominated each bite, being as the dense, overcooked and underseasoned patty of lamb couldn't compete with it. There was a paltry dab of tzatziki sauce or the like but that couldn't begin to save it. Even if the patty was good and there was no falafel it would have needed more creaminess and/or cheese. Feta cheese on the Greek burger instead of falafel perhaps? Just a thought guys. Anyway it was quite possibly the least flavorful lamb anything I've had anywhere. The waitress seemed nice and understanding enough when I told her some of this but said she had "no power" to take anything off the check. I didn't ask her to, though it would have been appropriate. She said she was going to try to get a hold of the owner; I don't know if she did or not. Anyway, I was charged I believe a dollar less than full price. 
There are so many new restaurants around here I can't keep up. I'm not made of money you know, East Passyunk Avenue. We actually went here today because Stargazy is still getting used to demand/volume and was out of a ton of stuff. And thus there is no reason to give gimmicky-named P'unk Burger a second chance, there's just too much other great food. I can't imagine this joint surviving for a very long time.First I was afraid, I was petrified. Kept thinking I could never live without you by my side...Ok, I'll be honest, I was a little scared to eat here after all the bad reviews (which were unfair!!!) after the first few weeks of opening. Let me tell you, you need to give this place a chance and I think you will fall in love.
We came on a Thursday evening, not crowded, greeted by a very friendly female staff, I wish I would have gotten her name. She told us to sit anywhere and brought out menus, bottled water and welcomed us to P'unk. 
I enjoyed the decor, it was modern, fun, funky, clean, bright and cozy, except when the front door opened but it'll be warm soon so who cares. I ordered the Big Man on Campus burger it was so juicy and flavorful. The bun was able to handle the juicy meat, brioche bun allowed the burger to stay in tacked. The cheese within the meat was so amazing and the double bacon, #ICantEven...It was great!!! 
My partner ordered the turkey burger because he's trying to be healthy and he enjoyed it too. He loved the place as much as I did. We are very happy to have this establishment within a mile from our house because West and East Passyunk was definitely missing a good burger joint that P'unk has now filled. 
Don't get me started on the truffle Pommes Frites, crispy and plentiful. So, to everyone who was complaining about the size of the burger and the portions, I don't know what you are talking about? I can eat and so can my partner and we were full, still had plenty of fries left. Also, I read a lot of customers complaining about the prices, I thought they were appropriate for the quality, atmosphere, location and portion. 
P'unk Burger, welcome to the neighborhood, wishing you many years of success and looking forward to dining with you many more times.Tried this place out for restaurant week. The waiting time for food to be served was quite long since it was the first day of restaurant week. Nonetheless, the waitress kept calm and was very nice to us. We ordered from restaurant week menu so that's a burger, a side, and a shake for each of us. My friends and I loved everything we ordered. Definitely will come back.Great place!  We had the Ahi Tuna burger and the punk burger.  Good food, good service!EXPENSIVE!!! I have been eagerly waiting for this place to open for some time now. I live on the Ave and feel this neighborhood could use a good, well-priced burger and fry place. Unfortunately this is not it. In all fairness,  the burger was pretty good: well seasoned, cooked to the right temperature and quality beef. The onion rings weren't bad either (even though I couldn't eat two of them bc they left the paper on the onion). My biggest issue is the price. Burgers start at $8 and go up from there. $1 for chesse, $1 for lettuce (?!!), $1 for tomato  and $1.75 for bacon. You are at $13 for a bacon cheeseburger before even adding fries or a drink! When I heard this place was coming I certainly didn't think it would be a $20-a-head place. There are too many good options on the Ave close to the same price point for this place to last long.One of the best burgers I've eaten anywhere, bar none. I got the seasonal bacon apple cheddar burger with the regular French fries with truffle oil and it was outstanding. The Maine root sodas (get a 1/2 blueberry, 1/2 ginger beer mix for a refreshing treat) were the perfect edition to an excellent brunch. Will definitely hit up again in future travels.A much more favorable review for P'unk Burger. The food is always excellent and fresh. In typical nights I have had my deliveries within 20 minutes, 30 max. Decent portions, juicy burgers and tater tots! Love my tots. 
After a delivery debacle last night, where it took 2 1/2 hours for the correct order to finally show up, the owner reached out to me today and took the steps that make it clear they know how to take care of the customer. 
I look forward to my next meal from here!Might have found my new burger spot! The food is delicious and the shakes are amazing. I ordered the jalape単o burger and my girlfriend ordered the always sunny on epa burger. We loved both! As for the shakes, I got the s'mores and she got the vanilla and Nutella. Highly recommend both. 
The atmosphere is cozy and everyone is super nice and welcoming. Will definitely be coming back!We ordered take out the other night via online. Placed the order at 4:55pm and at 5:21pm we had a knock at the door the food was delivered. All of the burgers were HOT and fries and tatter tots were crispy. Just delicious!We live in the neighborhood and are so excited abt p'unk burger! We were seated right away at 8pm on a sat night. Burgers and fries were so good. My only complaint is that $7.50 for a tiny milkshake is highway robbery. I actually Couldn't even bring myself To get one b/c if felt wrong to spend that much.  Other than that this place is perfect!Easily the best burger I've ever had & my server Micheal  was excellent. It's a small place with 5 tables to the right  & one big picnic style bench to the left. I chose the " Always Sunny on EPA " burger , my fav. hands down & I've worked at 2 burger joints. I will be coming back  and I love love love the handcrafted sodasThis place is a great addition to the South Passyunk restaurant scene which lacks a real burger joint. I had the P'unk burger and fries and really enjoyed both. Also, the P'unk burger was just the right side. Large enough to get full if splitting fries with friends but not so large as to put you on the path to buying a whole new wardrobe due to morbid obesity. The staff are friendly and we found parking easily. Also a good place to stop by after a movie at the Riverview as it's open until 10 on school nights and midnight on Friday and Saturday.After PYT took my money from groupon and ran with it (closed down without notice), I was in the search for a new hipster burger joint. A friend and I came for a groupon offer (2 burgers, 2 milkshakes and a order of fries), and everything was fantastic. Our waiter was patient with us as it was our first time there, explaining different burger options, and what was in each milkshake. Fries were the skinny shoe string kind, came in a big basket, definitely enough for 2-3 people to share. I had a p'unk burger but with chicken and he had the big man on campus. Both were solid!
I'm lactose intolerant so I am very fortunate for the vegan options, but unfortunately we came on a Sunday night and they were out of the vegan chocolate and another vegan flavor. I didnt like those flavors so they were even nice enough to write me an IOU on a milkshake so that I could use it next time I'm there, which was awesome!
Overall, a bit pricey IMO, but they are on par with the prices of the neighborhood, and a good quality so it's worth it. Will definitely be coming back.We were trying to find a burger place close to us and thought we would give this place a try. We were very disappointed. 
Food: overlooked and under seasoned burgers. We ordered them cooked medium, they all came out well done. The chef may not have cooked burgers before because the meat was very dry and without seasoning. The grill wasn't cleaned between patties either because we had burned pieces of cheese and meat on the burger. The burnt edges of the burger were inedible and the well done portions had the consistency of liver. 
Drinks: milkshake is a whomping $7 and the b+w barely had any Nutella in it 
Service: poor. I understand it's busy but it would have been nice to see our waitress more than once in the evening. I had to catch the young busboy to get me a to-go box. 
The 2 stars earned were for their fries. Sweet potato fries were yummm but the onion rings were very greasy
Overall, I won't be returning.Just ordered delivery- for a burger, onion rings and iced tea, it was $31 including my tip. It was fast, burger has good flavor but is definitely well done grey through and through (ordered med rare). The bacon on burger is undercooked and fatty/ hard to chew, I took it off the burger and threw it away. Onion rings are over cooked and really dark/hard. I received the wrong iced tea flavor, and didn't receive the side of mayo I ordered when asked about it specifically. I would possibly try here one more time (asking for crispy bacon and for someone to double check everything is correct and in the bag) and see if this was a fluke, or how it always is.. not worth the $$.This place is awesome, and don't let the idiots who wrote negative reviews because they were shocked they had to wait for a table the first day it opened, tell you otherwise. 
It's really wonderful for the average person who wants a burger OR people like myself with various food allergies. You can take anyone here and be happy because of the large variety of everything. Plus it's open til 3 am (!) on Fridays and Saturdays, which is something that this neighborhood was very much missing until now. No, it's not McDonald's burger prices, but it's also not McDonald's quality. If you got a burger or sandwich meal in most restaurants it would be the same price, and these are better quality than the average pub or Applebee's burger. 
Love it here, PLEASE DON'T EVER CLOSE, the vegan milkshakes have changed my life.P'unk Burger is a quality establishment. The owner is super friendly and inviting. The atmosphere is fun and hip, with a playable retro video game table option to boot! Their lunch special is awesome, and their deal with restaurant week was a great introduction to their food, I ordered a yummy cheddar chipotle mayo burger, onion rings, and a very chocolatey milkshake for 15 bucks! They do seem to run out of menu items, which is unfortunate, but I have no other complaints! Want to eat at a good burger joint with unique burger options and a fun environment? Look no further than P'unk Burger.One of my favorite burger place in the Philadelphia area. 
They have a wide selection of burgers to choose from. The fries and shakes are rewlly good as well.
My favorite is their punk burger special with sweet potato fries.
Highly recommended for burger lovers.Cute! So happy for this family-owned burger joint. Great welcoming service. Large portions. Great toping variety. Very health and environmentally conscious for a burger joint. (Hormone free, vegan, etc.) This place will be packed when the weather gets nicer. CASH ONLY. I will be back and will take my visiting family here.This place is legit. We had the stuffed American burger with more American . Also had the regular shoe string fries which were awesome. A half and half Mozzarella stick and Fried pickle Jawn. They were friggen bangin. Milk Shake was on point. Place definitely earns 5* the manager was super cool and wait staff rockedSouth Philly. Our prayers have been answered. We South Philadelphian's no longer need to trek up to northern liberties for a great specialty burger. This is a great and much needed addition to Passyunk. The staff here are extremely kind and friendly. The food was quickly delivered and the price was definitely worth it. For my first meal a P'unk Burger I decided to get the 'big man on campus' with a side order of fried mozzarella. The burger from the top bun down to the bottom bun was nothing short of perfection and the fried mozzarella was the best I've had from anywhere in the city. If you live in South Philly and are craving a burger this is definitely the place to be. They even have late night hours from what I hear which is also a big plus!My second time here went much better than the first time just a few days after they opened. I got the 4th Streeter burger which was very tasty and a milkshake that was smaller then I expected but very good. Not a fan of the long table idea. Probably could make more seating if you traded it for a few smaller tables. The staff is very friendly. If you want an unconventional burger and fries this place will hit the spot.Came here with my sister and three kids. I bought the groupon and I was pretty disappointed burgers were bland and burnt. I also noted everyone's burgers came out with a knife in it and ours did not when my sister asked for a knife she was given a plastic one which barely cut through her burger. My mom just bought a house in the area but it's safe to say we won't be coming back.My girlfriend suggested this spot and boy was it a great suggestion. For sides, we decided to go for the half and half combo of pickle chips and sea salt thin cut fries. For main entrees, I went with the Always Sunny in EPA (which doesn't stand for Environmental Protection Agency as my girlfriend informed me) and she went with the Big Man on Campus. I had mine done medium rare and she had her done medium well. 
The sides came out first and they were delightful. The pickles were battered and fried to perfection. The batter was super crispy and the pickle was still soft and delicous. The fries were really thin cut and amazing. Crispy and soft and I couldn't help but grab several at a time. Now the burger was simply heavenly. The patty was cooked just right and the egg yolk was perfectly runny. The bun was soft but firm and soaked up the yolk just right.Had a nice lunch here today. We took advantage of the lunch special which runs until 3 pm and gets you a burger, fries, and a drink for $13 (or upgrade to a milkshake for $3 extra).
I got the Cali burger (turkey burger with cheese lettuce and guacamole) and it was good. The burger itself couldn't been seasoned a bit more but overall it was tasty. 
We went specifically to try the Girl Scout Cookie inspired milkshakes. I got the thin mint which was delicious and my lunch buddy got the caramel delight which pretty much tasted like a vanilla bean frappe from Starbucks.
I'd go back to try some of their other meals if I'm craving a burger.Great place to go for some healthy splurge food! I ordered the vegan vanilla birch beer shake and it was bomb! My friend got the vegan coconut milk Belgian butter cookie shake that was also Devine! And it's like your fulfilling your cravings without the upset stomach after wards! Veggie burger was really good and shoe string fries are deelish! Deff will be going back for more! Also I love the green chairs and cool decor! Service was also very friendly!  I can't wait to try more of what's on this unique menu!Awesome delicious burger ( big Man on  campus and Punk burger) specially during lunch ($13 lunch combo that comes with fries and drinks) last May 2 where it was our first time and that delightful young lady in black dress served us with par excellence that she made a simple lunch into a great one. So excited to have another burger and dined tonight and ordered the same burger but something was wrong thats why they lose a star. The burger (big man on campus) served was open faced or thats how it looks unlike the one i had during lunch looks pike two different burgers and my friend's punk burger has burnt bacon on it (burnt i guess is fine but too burnt isn't) we still tried to feel good about our burgers as they still tasted good. Usually your burger comes with a knife on top of it but this time it didn't so i tried to catch my server attention but the blond lady on the counter was too busy on Instagram and so are the two other girls behind the counter, the other guy was nice but he was busy punching some things on the screen so I literally stood there in front of the counter less than a foot away and that blond young lady didn't even noticed me hahaha kids nowadays. She is really pretty but so sad to say that its all just a face and not a hard worker specially when she was on her phone the whole nine yards from the time I started eating my burger till I finish. Don't worry the other girl with a pretty thick eyeliner did stop texting because she had to eat french fries hahaha the whole basket itself. On her break maybe she could have sat some where instead of eating standing behind the counter. The lunch lady we had two days ago was so good with her job too bad she set the standards so high that these young college kids working tonight cannot compare. When these kids are on their phone the tables are messy the floor has crumbs and bits all over I feel bad for the owner who is paying them because he doesn't need 4 people behind the counter if its just gonna be self service, one person is enough. And that annoying thin small kid who wears braces who is always there visiting even during lunch and tonight too feeling that it is his playground hahaha i guess he is the owners kid oh well. What to get here is Big Man on campus and the salted avocado shake.I love the organic and gluten free options. Friendly service and good tasty food. It's all good.First time a hostess has ever greeted me by asking, "What are you doing? "  I guess she thought I was going to rob the place.  Whatever.I arrived around 2pm, what would've been considered a lunch rush at any center city restaurant, but it was dead (should've been a red flag, but I walked from center city and was hungry). It wasn't anything like I expected. It's really small and very casual. This might've just been because it was dead, but there isn't a host(ess), so the waitress (who was at the cash register) told me to seat myself. There's a long table with benches that resembles the world's longest picnic table, a good amount of two-person table and chairs, and this cute little kid's seating area by the window.
I don't live in the area, and I would not make a special trip again just to come here. I might come back if I'm in the area, and I'm in the mood for a burger.
I made my own because I love lamb (the main reason I came here was for that), and I really wanted to try the 1732 Meats "garlic insanity bacon." This "lamb"-burger didn't even taste like lamb. It actually didn't have much of a taste to it. When I bit into it, I imagined some sort of NASA test tube fake meat. The 1732 Meats garlic insanity bacon didn't even taste like garlic, more like regular old bacon, which is a huge let down because I've heard wonders of 1732 Meats. The beer + mustard cheddar cheese was great, though, and if I ever come back, I want to get that on a regular beef burger. It wasn't a bad burger, but it wasn't special.
The lettuce and tomato, however, were basically what's left at the supermarket when everyone buys everything else. The lettuce wasn't green at all, and the tomato wasn't very red.
They have self-serve Maine Root soft drinks. It's the only soda I'll drink (though I rarely drink soda anyway), so that was cool. I probably could've refilled it twice without them caring.
The fries were ok.
I think P'unk's redeeming quality is the $13 ANY (literally any) burger, fries, and a drink lunch combo. I built my own lamburger, which should've cost $16 w/o the fries and drink, but all of it was $13. What a steal! 
The food wasn't by any means bad, but I'm glad I didn't pay full price for it. I'd be annoyed if I spent $16 on the "this meat doesn't taste like anything" and "basically regular bacon" burger, and they probably would get two stars in that case.My favorite is Punk Burger with side of sweet potato fries. Ask for their special Punk sauce on the side.Food is good marketing of the Groupon is bad. I spent more than I should and want my money back. The Groupon deal does not include their lunch time menu. I bought one for 12 for 20 worth of food. Greatly disappointed. I should have spent an extra 6 but spent an extra 15 #poormarkeing #badserviceOrdered the amazing P'unk burger. The Ms. ordered a turkey burger with pico de gallo. My burger was amazing. Her burger was inedible. The pico de gallo was more like a pile of pickled jalepenos with a few tomatoes in it. One bite and she was crying (not in a good way). We shared the P'unk burger, which was certainly enough food for the both of us, plus a side tater-tots. The turkey burger went into the trash. 
So, yay for the wonderful P'unk burger. Boo, for the disgusting pico de gallo. Overall, would order from them again, just stick with the tried and true stuff.The ahi burger was absolutely delicious! I'm just visiting Philadelphia but I will dream about that sandwich!Place was open, however, the lady at the counter would not serve or even look at us for minutes before saying the place was closed. It was 11:30 on Saturday and it says they close at 3 AM! Terrible, awful service.Different enough to be interesting, straightforward enough to be welcoming.  Kind of like East Passyunk I guess.
At the end of the day they fill a niche that needed filling on this street and do a fine job of it.  Had the BMOC burger, girlfriend the Cali and both were pleased.  Messy but not sloppy, satisfying with solid service and better than expected fries.  Some call them shoestring fries but not here which I like.  I do not want to eat shoestrings.
Possibly the best thing about this is that it's right next to the Bottle Shop so go grab a beer or two and chill out with a nice juicy hunk of meat.  Mmmmeat!Probably one of the best burger joints I've ever been too. I was recommended by a friend to try out this burger place down on E Passyunk Ave. and how its "to die for". 
Melissa was at the front counter. She was quick to greet us and had us seated within the first 10 seconds of walking in. She was very friendly and made us feel very comfortable like we were at home. She handed us the menus and made a few suggestions regarding some of the items that they had on the menu and a few drink recommendations from their soda dispenser. I am addicted to their blueberry soda. She also stated that they had the best mozzarella sticks. I then took her up on her offer and decided to see whether they were really "the best". 
The food was very quick to come out. It was out within 10-15 minutes after we had ordered. The burger that I constructed from the menu was so succulent, you can taste the freshness from all their ingredients. No crumb was left behind. The mozzarella sticks were just as she said, the best. Oozing with cheesy goodness, the breading was on point, and were fried to perfection! Definitely going back! 
Overall, it was a very positive experience, customer service was great, Melissa is awesome!!! Definitely will be going back soon!