So if this was back in the day, I would've given them 5 stars without hesitation but I've been back twice in the last month or so and I think they've fallen off.
Now, I might be showing my age here but I grew up on Pagano's when all they had were hoagies and steaks.  You want a hoagie?  Line up to the left---a steak?  Stand on your right. They still have that in place but so much else has changed.  They offer a lot more than just steaks & hoagies and I think they even take phone orders now.  That's new to me too. It used to be you placed your order and side-stepped down the counter to the register to pay.  Sandwiches were made and cashed out in the order in which you placed them.  These past two visits, complete chaos around whose sandwich belonged to whom and people who ordered chicken cheese steaks behind me getting their orders before my regular steak--what's up with that?  Also, my steak didn't seem to be hot enough because it seemed like more chicken cheese steaks were being ordered and made fresh while the beef pile of meat was just sitting.  I think on busy nights, they need to have a person working the beef grill and another on chicken. 
The food is still good--no complaints there.  I would be willing to give them a higher rating if they got the counter together.  I went on 2 nights that didn't seem to be extremely busy and both times witnessed a bunch of confusion with the orders.My first authentic Philly cheesesteak!!! I really enjoyed it! They didn't make it the way I normally see it made but it was still good none the less. Actually, the way they made it was more convenient if you ask me. The cheese was the first layer on the bread which made for a great net so that the meat doesn't fall out the bottom. The staff was awesome, we were greeted as soon as we walked through the door and they all made me feel like hey knew me for years. I saw this one lady ask for extra ketchup and I thought to myself, dang that is a lot of ketchup; upon consuming my sandwich I understand now why she wanted hers that way. Don't get me wrong my cheesesteak was still bomb but I now know how to make it that much better. I ate the entire thing in like five minutes. Being very hungry could have a small part in the speed too...maybe. I want to thank the staff there on April 14 for a phenomenal first time visit to your establishment!!!one of the best cheese steak I have had in years, in my opinion one of the best in Philly, it's a must that I put that much word on it. to up from meIn my opinion the best cheesesteak in Philadelphia. The meat is of the best quality and the rolls are soft and fresh. The portions are very generous; one sandwich is usually enough for two people. And the hoagies are equally good and even larger!I think Paganos has great steaks.....this is where I go when I want a good cheesesteak ....the bread is fresh and they donot skimp on the meat....I'm from Philly and have had cheesesteaks from all around but nowhere compares to PaganosOverrated... A bunch of meat on a roll...not in my Philly top 10...i live 5 minutes away and will travel to other spots for a better steakThe women are always extremely nice and are quick to hold a conversation with you. The food is fantastic. The hoagies and cheesesteaks are delicious and packed AND I MEAN PACKED with meat. One time the lady doing the steaks even gave me the rest of the mushroom & steak for free since there was too much of it. 
You really won't be disappointed going here. Everything is free and delicious. It's pricey but for the amount of food you're sure not to waste your money. I really suggest you try it. Definitely one of the best hoagie and steak places in Philly.great food for being a hidden gem for uptown people love there buffalo chicken cheese steak the best freshest ingredients everListen, I used to go to this place when I was a teenager. I was in the area with my kids and took them there a couple of days ago to try some steaks. Let me tell you, they make the BEST cheesesteaks in Philly PERIOD! Tony Luke who? South Philly what? Pu-lease, Pagano's is the truth. Soft rolls, loads of moist, juicy, seasoned perfectly chopped steak w/ sweet onions and whatever toppings you want. You have to try the Triple Cheese Cheesesteak. And I treated my husband to one with provolone and american cheese. I wanted to take pictures so you could see the genius creation for yourself, but the fellas wolfed the food down before I could. It is worth EVERY penny and I promise you will be back. Put it this way, Pagano's has been in business for 40+ years. They are definitely doing something right, and the something right is the food.The first cheesesteak in Philadelphia. This place has set the standard really high. Although it's not a looker for a sit down, but it great for takeout. Also don't ask for a  a steak and cheese sub, it's not a good look. The proper way to order the cheesesteak is "cheesesteak with the whiz and salt, pepper, ketchup". This place was awesome and thanks for the ordering etiquette.I've been in love with Pagano's for years.  It was my first love in Philly.  Are they overstuffed?  Heck yeah!!  I only get the chicken cheesesteak in an effort to be healthy (it's a self delusion...I know).  The trick to having a positive experience at Pagano's is to know what you want before stepping up to the firing line--err umm I mean counter.  The other trick is not to even attempt to eat this as a regular sandwich--it won't work.  These steaks must be eaten with a knife and fork; any other method and the steak will end up all over.  
My one complaint is that they are closed on Sundays.  WTF?!?!?  
Pagono's is a safe bet for a great meal (or two; since these things are huge)!!!Don't believe the hype. I went here twice and got below average food. Service was great the first time but the second time it was sub par. I've gotten better steaks in the burbs.Since bill pagano sold this shop, it took a turn for the worst, I've been going here for 34yrs. And they changed within the past 6. The liquid cheese whiz is a no no, the pre-cooked steak with added water, takes the true taste away, the steaks are much smaller now.. the true & real pagano's customers know, the real from the fake, & the steak now are a joke. I drive 1hr 15min to mt.airy, for a steak from pagano's, never again, they're horrible now, & some of the staff have nasty attitudes, you know when the steak is not so good, when they started selling wing's & burger & fries.. what's next, doughnuts & fried rice.. somebody who knew how paganos used to be, I would like to say this... hellllllllllllllllp!!! Please go back to the old paganos... please..u gotta get a hoagie not a cheesteak.
That's mistake # 1
then load up on the pickles and sweets peppers. Its impossible to eat it with one hand, gotta cradle it like a baby! two-handed!So far the best i have had in Philly.  And they were accomodating for the fact that i cant eat wheat.  So no bread for me.  But it was awesome!  And they took a $1 off the price since i didnt get the bread.  How cool is that?I grew on Pagano's.  Any time I go home to West Oak Lane, Pagano's is a must. Hands down these are the best cheesesteaks in all of Philly Land. The meat is cooked to cheesy perfection, the bread is soft and tasty, and does not fall apart under the sheer weight of the meat that is loaded into these godly sandwiches. 
A Pagano's steak will basically put you into a joyful food coma.Pagano's: Not for the faint of heart or the small-stomached.lol If you're looking 4 a dainty little treat of a sandwich..my dear, you've come to the wrong place..this is where the big boys (and girls) roll..Yes, they are sloppy but they are equally delicious. So come get ur grub..and be sure to grab some complimentary pickles and peppers AND plenty of extra napkins b4 u walk out the door!!I came here from a friend's recommendation. Everything here is like what she told me: friendly people, good service, cheesesteak w/ overload of meat for cheap; except that it's not the best cheesesteak I've ever tasted. The beef is chopped into tiny pieces. When the beef was cooking the juice that keeps the beef tender evaporated into the air due to the multiple flips of the beef.Philly cheese steak here was awesome it's really good,cheesy and huge.love it so much can't wait to go there again. But just ignore the cooks lol they r annoying.. just enjoy the cheese steak coz it's so damn good and big. Imm going to buy cheese steak there yummy and cheap.:)Best Cheesesteaks in Philly...  Authentic place that cuts their own meat doesnt buy that pre packaged garbage. One sandwich can feed a family haPaganos is pretty good, I must say.
If you like real cheeseasteaks then you will like these, if you like Geno's, stick to Geno's.
Lots of free huge peppers and zesty pickles.
Enormous sandwiches.I'm sorry, but idk how people gave the steaks a good rating. Maybe they aren't from Philly or never taste a REAL steak. First the meat is cheap and disgusting. It tastes like somebody chewed up the meat and spit it out. Secondly, the meat had no taste at all. You'd be better off eating paper. The only good thing about these steaks are the amount of meat they give you.Worst cheese steak I've ever had. Meat was bland and watery. I was highly disappointed.Paganos is the real deal. They give you a ton of food; it's usually enough for at least two meals. Cash only FYIThis is a CHEESESTEAK!!!!
Walked into this place and the customer service right away! From the grill to the register the employees were at my satisfaction..
I didn't know what to get so I got the three Cheese Steak Sandwich with Everything! I mean Everything.  It came with mushrooms, peppers, hot peppers, provolone, whiz, American and about 5 POUNDS of MEAT. (Those who don't like big sandwiches should beware)
It only cost me $7.75 for a sandwich that have a value of about 20 dollars! I only ate half but let me tell you it was so DAMN GOOD! They also had a self service for pickles and Peppers.The Best steak in Philly to me...I been going there for so long...the meat is just cooked well an the rolls are nice an soft...Quality has gone down tremendously!  Their beef does not taste the same at all. They use steakum meat, not the block of meat they use to use.  They are skimming on the regular hoagies too.  Ive been going there for years.  No more !!Pagano's is my absolute favorite place to buy a steak in Philly. They kinda taste like one of the well mentioned South Philly steakhouses, specifically the one on South St.......except Pagano's steaks have more flavor IMO. The price is pretty reasonable and you get a ton of meat in which I love to watch them as they cook said meat. Even their pickles are my favorite pickles to get from philly LOL.
The only downfall I'd say, for me personally is the meat, sometimes it's just way too much and I'll end up taking half of it off which isn't a bad thing being I can decrease it to my liking:) But for those who also enjoy steaks but would like a little less meat that's something to consider. Don't ask me why I've never asked them to simply put less meat on it!The hoagies are still on point!!! But the pickles have lost their luster.... Still more than worth the price of $7.25Visited from Buffalo and was lucky enough to stumble on this authentic place. Delicious food, friendly service. Will be back!There are good Cheesesteakeries and the rest... There is a reason that this place has been voted in the best of Philly numerious times. 
Part of the problem with getting a good cheesesteak is that opinions are very subjective. I will just say this... "TO ME" Pagano's is the best cheesesteak I have ever eaten hands down, bar none. There are those that complain of the cheesesteak being too meaty... How is that a problem? Those same folks are probablly the ones that grew up eating at the tourist traps (Pat's and Geno's - Reviews coming soon) 
I grew up not too far from Pagano's and this was the place I grew up eating Cheesesteaks from call me crazy but this again to me is as good as it gets!
Get yourself a triple cheese and be done!
Bottom Line: I wish I was still living in Philadelphia just so I wouldn't have to make special trips to Pagano's when I go to Philly.my all time favorite sandwich shop.  they have the best steak sandwiches in the country.Literally worst steak ever!  Way to much meat.  The meat was chewy n gristly.  The roll was exploding due to too much meat and oil.  Heard many good things from my brother friends but quality of meat nastyI came here because I was told it was the best cheesesteak spot in Uptown. The cheesesteak was good, came with lots of meat. The service was fine and it wasn't too busy, however I did go on a Tuesday night. They only take cash and there's an ATM machine located inside. Only gave 3 stars because I don't think there's anything too special about the cheesesteak. Probably will return again but not pressed. *Update* of course I couldn't eat all of my cheesesteak, so I finished it the next day and actually liked it better the 2nd day...I went to Pagano's tonight and ordered 4 cheese steaks for my family. I'd been hearing a lot about this place lately and decided to check it out tonight. The steaks were chocked full of meat and the rolls were fresh and soft. Aside from that, they were nothing to write home about to momma. One reviewer said she preferred cheese steaks from The Explorer's Den. I don't know if they're still in business, but I stopped going to TED years ago. They had several fat ladies making the cheese steaks. It was very hot outside and inside as well. Their fat bat wings were swinging back and forth as they cooked the steaks and sweat was just dripping down onto the steak. It totally grossed me out and I left after seeing that and never returned. Hey, I wanted a cheese steak with extra cheese and fried onions, but not someone's body secretions!So much meat in my cheesesteak I can eat it all weekend, very good and I live around the corner so its walking distance.Really good cheese steaks here. You can get them to eat right away or ask for them to travel and they package the stuff separately so u can eat them later without them being all soggy.Someone recommended this place for a good cheesesteak so I went.  I am not gonna lie,I definitely have had better.  I went in and waited in line...the line was  pretty short. There were only a few people ahead of me and I was greeted as I moved through the line. This is definitely a no frills sandwhich spot.  There is a counter where you can scoop your own pickles and hot peppers and even put them in a sandwhich bag to go. This is a place where you order and carry out which is exactly what I did.  I got my cheese steak sandwhich which cost about $9.  The meat was packed...when I say packed....there is certainly enough steak to make TWO sandwiches...they are very generous!  There is plenty of on street parking. The sandwhich was decent...although I have had better, I have certainly had worse....the meat was bland not seasoned enough even after I told the lady to add some salt and pepper....Would I come here again? Probably not....It is out of my way and since it was recommended to me as a good cheesesteak place I wanted to see how it compared to the others...As of stands, my top 3 favs (in no particular order) is Cleavers, Max's and John's Roast Pork....those are the only 3 places I could see myself going out of my way for.....These guys and gals know how to handle their business.
The very best Cheesesteaks in Philadelphia,hands down.
Just left Pagano,and as usual,the food and the service were "SUPERB"This is my number two place for Cheesesteaks.  It was a tough decision but, I think that it really is just a little bit inferior to the Explorer's Den ( check out that Yelp for details).
Pagano's delivers gigantic rocket sized sandwiches which are flavorful.  At times, depending on the grill chef, they go beyond the tasty limits of the incredible price deal and reach near semi-idolic status.  THIS is a darn good steak sandwich and I just wish the Best of Philly would stop only checking the places in South Philly for truth in between the buns!I always loved this place growing up in Philly. Hands down the best cheese steak to me! If your like me and want a cheese steak that actually has more than enough steak on it than visit them see what i mean. So many places charge you 8-10$ for a steak and you are getting more bread than steak...if i want cheese bread i will go to pizza hut or domino's right??? Pagano's is not only good but has reasonable prices and you get way more than you ask for. Please is you are visiting Philly and want a good cheese steak come here. Don't get caught up in the hype about the other cheese steak places because they are popular go to one that's good.  Reasonable prices and very delicious go try!!One of my favorite spots in the city. Great size sandwiches and great employees. I get my food quick and I'm in and out in good time.My husband was born and raised in Germantown.  Once he took me here no other cheesesteak comes close. Pats, Geno's please!!I love the steaks... the hoagies are awesome too!!. I love the fact that I have moved back to the area and I can now walk to get me a steak any time. The staff is very nice and pleasant. Always clean when ever I visit .....I went in last Friday..fast and friendly service! I haven't been here in over 10 years because of the 2 mean old lady's they had working there!! but it was very refreshing to see smiling faces behind the counter!!! and to top it off my steak was delish!!!As a customer of 30 years of Pagans, it was hard to stop patronizing this business. About 2-3 months ago, they changed ownership and staff, ok. But when they changed the rolls, I had to walk away, sadly!This is the best Philly cheese steak place I've ever been to! I've probably tried 5 or 6 different authentic places in the Philly area and hands down this one beats them all! Everyone is so friendly, the food is fresh and they have amazing steaks! This is a cash only takeout place but they do have an atm inside! They also have free peppers and pickles that you fix yourself at the counter.I came back home for New Years hoping this steak would be everything I remembered growing up- it wasn't .  It was satisfactory- but lacking in the seasoning area.  The wings were delicious though!!!My first authentic cheese steak from Philadelphia PA.  It was incredible just meat cheese and ketchup.  I drove back home that same night to eat it, and it was definitely better than any cheese steak in Baltimore.  Only downfall is that they only take cash.  Had to go across the street to the ATM.This place always has huge steaks, which is something I like. Although I wish they would use a higher quality beef--it was like chopped up cat food. I think they have changed owners more recently, and therefore the quality of food has gone down for the sake of profit, but it's still filling nonetheless. The interior is a little, okay way dingy and dated, and the area (even though I call it home and am not scared of it) is a bit intimidating if you are not a local to the area (although the medium income is like $60,000 in that part of WOL).The cheesesteaks here are excellent. The hoagie bread is perfection - flaky outside, fluffy inside. And the meat - good Lord, the meat... an insane portion of filling that makes the sandwich the size of your head, neck included. If you have out of town guests and they're after the Philly cheesesteak experience, Pagano's is an excellent display of Philly's finest. The cooks will size you up from behind the counter, true - they know the regulars. However, tell them you're from out of town (c'mon, they know already) and they'll treat you right. You'll be back the next day looking for more. Plan to take it home, there's nowhere to eat inside.This was my second time getting a cheese steak here since I couldn't actually remember if I had ever had one before which isn't a good thing. Once I got there I remembered I had been there once before which is why it took so long to go back. The steak was below average, and chopped way too fine. I asked for extra American cheese and I could barely taste any cheese on it at all. The roll was very soggy and the sauce was a clumpy mess. This place may have been good in its heyday but their are far better steaks at your local pizza shops.I ate at Pagano's Steaks at the urging of my uncle who'd lived their for most of his life.  I got a real cheesesteak and it was way to loaded with meat and was a huge mess. However, it was still pretty tasty.  My parents are in Philly as I type and are picking up a hoagie for me this time.  I'm hoping its less of a mess, but just as good.I am sure there are plenty of places that claim to have the "Best Cheesesteak in Philly"!  I grew up on Pagano's cheeasesteaks and hoagies!!  They are so overstuffed I have yet to finish one in one sitting!  The best!  This is always my first stop when I touchdown in the city!It's the perfect place if you want to pig out. Lots and lots of meat on their hoagies and steaks. The wait staff is hilarious and a little rude at times, but they always get the orders right. Their hoagies are serious belly fillers and for my taste, a better choice than the steaks. But the steaks are otherworldly. Unlike most other spots around town, you have to eat a Paganos steak while sitting at a table and usually with a fork.They were so rude. So rude that it left a bad taste in my mouth. Make sure you stand on the right line. Steaks or subs, you'll get yelled at if you're wrong. Didn't enjoy the overstuffed chicken steak. My family enjoyed it. Clearly I didn't. 
Positive- the tomatoes were fresh!I am fresh from having strep throat. My tonsils feel better,  and was ready to eat solid food. Being so hungry I decided not to drive the extra 5 min to
Chubbys, which is a guaranteed good steak, and try a new place, Paganos. The meat was pre-cooked and tasteless. The only "good" thing was it was definitely a zaftig sandwich. This is without a doubt the worst cheesesteak on Earth. The whole planet. I took two, bites; my brain couldn't believe the first, and decided to stay starved from my liquid diet, than to eat the rest of this. I thought maybe the penicillin is responsible, but my control(friend that came with me) agreed. Do not come here, to breathe, eat, to be in the presence of epic cheesesteak failure.I came here specifically to get a cheesesteak and they delivered a scrumptious delight! I had the Pepper cheesesteak... they mix sweet and hot peppers together.  Add pickles and fried onions I was in Heaven!  
The cheesesteak was good and the service was great!  I did not order my pepper cheesesteak to eat there so they packed it up.  No biggie, they unpacked my sandwich and hooked it up for me.  
Great cheesesteak and great service... a stop to this place is a must the next time I visit. 
I got a Pepper cheesesteak hoogie to go for my husband.... I will put another review after he eats his sandwich.Pagano's was amazing! The meat they use is top quality best cheesesteak in philly.Had one of the best cheesteaks from this place. Seasoned well and very filling; definitely going back when in town!I came here for years but I was grossed out when the young lady used the cleaning rag and wiped down all of the counters and then used that same rag without washing it out to wipe off the knifes that they used to cut the steaks in half.  I asked them not to use the knife on my sandwich, they still used it anyway.  I refused to buy the sandwich in fear of salmonella poisoning or bacteria.  Yuck!  Never again.  The workers need to take a Safe Serv training ASAP!  Correct this problem before the Dept. of Health is called!Pagano's just gave me the worst cheese steak I've ever had in my life! Yes, they give you a lot of meat, but it's MUSHY!! Softer than taco meat!! That is NOT how you make a cheese steak. To make matters worst, the girl wrapped it wrong and all of my extra ketchup ended up on the foil! If you're from out of town, please don't get your first cheese steak from here. It's really doesn't deserve even one staraaChildhood spot when I visited family, coming from California. Still the best spot in my opinion.Pagonas is great with meaty subs and buffalo
Wings are great. The cheese fries are great too the price is fair for location. Only cash spot but I like jfI drive more than 100 miles for these cheese steaks. Get it to travel if you aren't eating locally (no seating & CASH only). ATM on premise. Have a Tahitian Treat or Wissahickon black cherry soda tooHands down my favorite place for a cheesesteak or hoagie. Been coming to this spot for over 30 years and they never failed on taste and value for a buck. The sandwiches are huge and made to order. My first stop on each of my visits as my dad's house was around the corner. Love the travel option of wrapping the meat and bread separate for a plane ride as far as Hawaii, TX and Ohio. Just bring extra ziplock bags to store your food. Ownership has changed hands over the years but it still remains a great spot for a cheesesteak. Forget about those mainstream spots, this is the place to be. See you real soon.Steaks were horrible! Took one bite and in the trash it went. No flavor and tastes like rubber.Nasty! Meat was watery and runny . And the guy who's been there for yrs is slick as a eel always trying to see who he can get extra money from . DONT BUY FOOD HERE!Decent but I'm still on the hunt for Philly's best cheese steak. My fiance and I decided the evening after the Eagles parade that we should grab a cheese steak. I honestly haven't tried many of the places that natives rave about and this was one that I've heard mentioned. The line was sooooo long. There were about 15 people in front of us when we arrived and it took about an hour for us to be able to place an order.
This is not a dine in establishment and certainly not in the best of neighborhoods. We actually had an alcoholic ask us for money while waiting in line. Overall though, it was decorated with lots of photos from celebrity's that have come in and it has character.  
Now onto the actually cheese steak. It was good, but I would have preferred more cheese and that the cheese and onions were actually cooked with the meat. Everything was put on separately, first the meat, then the toppings, then the cheese and ketchup. 
Okay but I'm not hurrying back.My favorite spot to get a cheesesteak from in the Mt. Airy/West Oak Lane section of the city. I ordered the cheesesteak special which came with sweet peppers, mushrooms, and fried onions.  He hooked my food up in under 6 minutes since it was only one other customer besides myself. He put everything on it like I requested and they are definitely friendly. Whenever I come in, I am greeted  with my order being taken within less than 2 minutes and they always get my order right. Never had any issues.They gave me my steak quickly but there was so much meat in it that I couldn't eat it. I started taking bits of steak out and noticed that most of it was gristle. I kinda wondered why they kept asking if I wanted onions or something else on it but after I tasted it I knew. I couldn't even taste the cheese because there was so little on it in comparison to the meat. Most places I have been to melt the cheese onto the meat while it's still on the grill. They just put it in the bun and expected it to melt once the meat was put in the sandwich.Pagano's isn't what it used to be they have ignorant low employees not washing their hands using the same gloves over and over and when I asked them to wear a mask they said they don't have to. This is a Covid-19 factory waiting to happen .. I even talked to the Italian ignorant owner who refused to address the issues . So now they can make uour food without anyone seeing what they are actually doing .. Don't give that far man anymore money or rush bring Covid home to your love one and I am. RN  THAT HAS WITNESSED THIS !!!!!
I was born and raised on 77th ave and I am very disappointed with all of this !!!!!This has to be the best cheesecake I've had in life!!!!! Pats , Geno's, Ishkabibbles has nothing on Pagano's. The customer service was just as good as the food was!!! I almost wanted to drive back for another one. Anytime I'm in Philly I will definitely be stopping here!Never Again! I decided I wanted sweet peppers on my steak and this grown ass man decided to get nasty with me talking about " you need to be clear, that's not how we run a business" I responded ok wow never in my life have I been more disrespected and disappointed on the quality of a steak. It's wayyyy to chewy and honesty he ruined my appetite ! I was not going to get loud and nasty with him that's not me but he and that whole establishment gonna find out who the right one is and it anit gon be pretty. TERRIBLE SERVICE---NEVER AGAIN ( me or my family & i will tell everyone I know ) THE MEAT IS PRE-COOKED & NOTHING TO BE PRESSED ABOUTI went to get a steak, the guy behind the counter was extremely slow, rude, aloof about what was going on and told me I was going to wait longer because I am an Eagles fan.
Nigga be concerned about that cheesesteak I told you that you can keep! 
I'm going to Max's anyways!!!Not the same. Chicken cheesesteak had no flavor. Had to doctor it up at home. Family from out of town bought regular steaks and said they were very disappointed. Said not to bring them back there again. Higher prices and lower quality/taste sandwiches! That's it for Paganos!Hoagie or sub he asked me. What's the difference I asked. He stared. I'm not from around here I said. Hoagies are cold; subs are hot. Hot, I said. 
Results: a cold sub that got colder as I ate. 
The sub was big and steak was falling all over my tray as I ate. 
I saw a lot of fresh meat cooking on the grill, but my steak came from a container next to the grill that was filled with precooked meat. Cheese did not melt or soften and stayed solid. Bread wasn't fried or toasted so it was cold and chewy. 
I give 2 stars because I saw fresh meat.I recently got a chicken cheesesteak. The steak was dry and the chicken was hard. There was no seasoning on it and the chicken was crunchy. The sandwich tasted old.So after eleven years I tried it again. It's worse then I remember. It's still a mess with a bad flavor. It's always empty when I drive by which is no surprise. This place is a solid pass. Pretty much anywhere is better.I agree with Bruce B! Paganos is a Hoagies only shop skip the steak sandwich! Be careful with those pickles and peppers they leave em out all day!!!! Lol!