This has to be my new favorite Chinese restaurant.  Extremely modern decor.  Very reasonable prices specially the lunch menu during the week.  The food is great a modern twist on classic Chinese food.  I would definitely recommend if you're in the area I will be back myself.Do not waste your time ordering take out.  Ive waited over an hour and received the wrong order twice now.  This place stinks!yum!!!!!!!! fanatasic soup!!!!!!!!!!! great and cheap lunch specials!!!!! just walk in and you will know how good the food tasts by the smell in here! great service....no negativity!I have been here - without exaggeration - at least 50 times in the last year. It's a big place, but rarely busy so it's nice and quiet. My two favorite menu items are the Hong Kong style wonton soup (my old regular order) and plain egg noodle soup with extra chicken (my current regular order.) I can also recommend the roast pork with veg, roast duck with veg and the Pagoda Special Noodle soup. Staff is efficient - within moments of sitting, they bring a big pot of tea and a complimentary carrot/daikon appetizer. Food is always perfect and fast, but we never feel rushed or hurried. Hands down, my absolute favorite neighborhood restaurant - it's always my first choice. A great place to catch dinner before a Ritz movie or after a chilly winter walk. Simple, consistent, inexpensive, awesome!
UPDATE: Even after moving a neighborhood North, i still walk a mile to dine at Pagoda. They had a management change this summer - the food is exactly the same, but the staff and atmosphere are a bit more relaxed and really friendly. The new manager is so sweet - she genuinely appreciates each customer. My favorite restaurant is even favorite-er!I was pretty disappointed. Got the hot and sour seafood noodle soup that was neither hot or sour. The spring roll was not much better. The service was good except they asked if I wanted a soda refill and then they charged me another $2 for a soda refill without telling me. I guess you stick to cheesesteak in Philly.Ooohhhhhh, I love Pagoda Noodle!
I had to write this review even after my husband already did, but I wanted to get into a little more detail for anyone who hasn't tried the place and has seen some of the reviews below.
I don't think I have ever had something from Pagoda I did not like. The owner is an absolute sweetheart and her husband is one excellent chef. She was such a doll that I had a Christmas and Valentine's Day present waiting behind the counter for when we came in [she makes little 'goodie baskets' and the such for the regulars].
When we first started going to Pagoda I couldn't get enough of the noodle soups. Then I started trying the dinner selections and they have all been great so far. The portion sizes are large for the amount that they charge and all of the vegetables and livestock and fish are fresh and well prepared. For the vegetarians/vegans out there they offer a good selection of tofu and gluten dishes including a tofu General Tso platter and a delicious black pepper tofu and rice noodle special I can't get enough of. The also have vegetarian soups as well and they can prepare any soup you'd like with vegetable stock instead of chicken stock for anyone watching what they eat or who are just pescetarian. Also, they do not use MSG like all those corner store imitation Chinese Food places!
Some people noted that the service was mediocre but we have never had any complaints. They never try to disturb you while you are eating and time everything perfectly. The place is very clean and there are always beautiful fresh flowers placed throughout the place. It is spacious so even when it is crowded you still have room to place your coat or bag next to you without it disturbing someone else or someone tripping over it.
During the spring and summer they have outdoor seating so you can enjoy a cocktail and a meal under the trees. There are birds nested all throughout the park area and it is particularly peaceful to hear them call while you're eating. I often slip the little sparrows a couple noodle for them to bring back to their nests! =]
Besides what I already mentioned some must haves at Pagoda are the shrimp dumpling noodle, the garden vegetable noodle, salt baked squid, the tofu and seaweed soup, and the garlic string beans.
There is parking usually available along front street for all you drivers and the PPA Parking Lot sits right above them. The Ritz also provides some bike racks and there are posts and railing to lock in the park area.I went to Pagoda Noodle Cafe with four other women after a great time at the July concert and fireworks on Penn's Landing.  When we walked in we were asked, "How many?" I said: "Five."  As we were being led to our tables, one of the women with us asked if we could sit at a round table that we just walked past.  They obliged.  I wasn't feeling well, so I asked the gentleman seating us for Chinese tea.  He said ok and left.
Then another person came to serve us.  She asked if we were ready to order.  I sensed an attitude from her right away.  Nonetheless, I place my order, which was for Chinese tea, as that's all I was planning to have.
The other women with me were still looking at the menus, but went ahead and placed their drink orders.  The server then appeared agitated.  As she was walking away to get our drinks, I asked if there was a problem (remember, I'm not feeling well, so I'm not putting a lot of energy or neck movements into my question).  She said, "I asked if y'all were ready!"  You see, she wanted to take our *entree* orders, not our drink orders.  That's what she meant by "ready."  When we only gave her our drink orders, it frustrated her and she let us know with her poor attitude. 
Now, I can take attitude from anyone, but any restaurant has a choice to make:  They can either give me attitude or take my money.  But not both, and not at the same time.
So we left.I had been to Pagoda a few times with only great things to say about the food (particularly the cold sesame noodle and lo mein). I hadn't been there in over a year and thought I'd check some recent reviews to see how how they are doing...wow was I sad to read that the place has utterly went downhill. I didn't want to believe that so we went for the lunch time special to give it another go. 
Well folks...the reviews don't lie. 
Very sad in there now - we were the only people in there on a Friday during lunch. The walls inside are falling apart and the seating was duct taped in places. Eek! The cold sesame noodle was dry with no sesame in sight, tasted a few days old and was very unappetizing looking. I thought I saw mold on a noodle but I cant confirm if it was or not - either way I didnt eat it. The entrees came out hot but nothing to write home about - they changed their noodles for the lo mein which was one of the reasons we go there. The sauces were flavorless. Thank god we got the cheaper lunch special because no way in hell does this place deserve to charge regular menu prices for sub par food. We won't be coming back to our once favorite lunch spot anymore and that makes me sad!I hate to write how disappointed I was tonight with our experience at Pagoda. When I used to live in Philly we'd go often. Then after I moved to NJ we would make the trip maybe once or twice a year to Philly and choose Pagoda for dinner. The owners recognized us and had fantastic service and food. (See previous review) 
We were in town for the auto show and had decided to return to Pagoda.  After a long day on our feet we were glad to sit down somewhere familiar.  We were seated immediately,  put in our order by a somewhat hurried waiter. A few minutes later the waiter came back and barked out "no more Peking duck". That was a disappointment on a Saturday evening not too late at night that one of their specialties was not available. We did have shrimp dumplings which were decent;  my garden vegetable udon noodle soup & his shrimp dumpling udon noodle soup which were as good as we remembered. We got the orange chicken not spicy as our shared entree which was average but nothing special. During this time we also heard a little girl crying loudly for 10 minutes until one of the owners I presume grabbed her hard by the arm yelling at her and taking her to another room to yell at her / hit her. It echoed through the restaurant. We did not want dessert. Left a 15% tip and while my husband was in the restroom I heard the waiter say to a girl behind the counter "extremely cheap"
Now I don't know if I heard correctly but that was pretty ballsy. Especially since we tried the Peking duck rolls which were microwaved rolls with warm lettuce and bits of duck. Basically inedible. They charged $6 which we didn't dispute. We have no problem tipping well but he did not earn more than 15% - especially given what he said. Oh well Pagoda you lose our business to the Peking Duck House in North Brunswick which is only 20 minutes from us. So many restaurant choices in Philly too and our loyalty is done.Best Chinese Food in the city. My wife and I have been eating here for about 3 years and have never been dissapointed. I am not sure what the problem is with some of the others on here but the service has always been excellent. In fact the owner always remembers us and takes the time to talk with us everytime we come in for dinner. 
The Peking Duck is unbelievable. The Shrimp Dumpling Noodle and the Veggie Dumpling Noddle soups are superb. Excellent appetizers including Salt Baked Squid.It seems lots of Yelpers have had problems with service here. I never have (Yes the waiter forgot our waters and we had to remind him, plus the busboy was a little too eager to clear our plates, but I wasn't in a hurry and it didn't bother me much) but I guess if you're in a rush or looking for an upscale, accomodating place, then you don't want to go here. 
Still, I LOVE taking people to this restaurant. They have such a HUGE selection of all kinds of asian foods (chinese, japanese, thai, noodles) that it's hard for someone not to find something to like. Also, the prices are awesome... comparable to the suburbs. And the food has always been delicious (by Chinese restaurant standards, nothing gourmet) - so it doesn't seem that the quantity has deterred the quality. 
Plus it's in a great location off the street, so its rarely filled up and it's close to the Ritz theatres, Old City, and all the historical areas of the city. 
I would definitely recommend this place if you're entertaining friends, entertaining picky eaters, entertaining people who don't want to overspend, or just having your own Chinese/Japanese/Thai takeout cravings but would rather sit somewhere.I absolutely loved this little place!  I was in Philadelphia for a conference and the Pagoda Noodle Cafe was a stone's throw from my hotel.  I had the dumplings and hot and sour soup...perfect.  The prices were pretty standard and the food was plentiful.  The steamed dumplings were very filling on their own and I had two left over to  gnosh on later.  The hot and sour soup is my 2nd favorite hot and sour soup experience ever.  Order it.  It's the kind of soup that will cure what ails you.Ordered poopoo plater for myself....insert joke here. It was very good the lo mein was boring. It's not fancy it's a basic takeout joint.This place is deathly depressing. The whole -was going to be  a dance club- look and the upper level 'balcony' area that's never seen a customer because there haven't been more than half-a-dozen in the place at once just leave a funny feeling.  But once you're past the ridiculousness of the place, it's a decent value.  I, as most do I'm sure, stumbled upon it for speedy sustenance before a flick next door.  I had zero expectations!  But I admit, I was pleasantly surprised by the food, it was nothing extraordinary but it was pleasing, and the price was good.  I've even made repeat trips.  Considering I've made missteps in my pre-Ritz dining in the neighborhood several times, it's a safety spot.Love this place. The best Asian food you will find outside of China town, and honestly it's better than most of those restaurants. If I'm in the city or passing through I always try to stop here. The food is fresh and  I've never been disappointed with anything I've ordered. Large portions, amazing soups and appetizers. Perfect for after a movie at the Ritz!Another service horror story...
It was just another dinner and a movie nights.  Maybe a Friday.  It was kind of busy in there, sure.  The hostess offered, with some insistence, that we sit at the bar table.  About 20 minutes later, the table was wiped by the hostess and we were told to order.  Yes, I do mean "told to."   Blabbidy blah, is your broth vegetarian?  "Sure. Sure." was the answer, and she was gone.  Some time later, out comes a spring roll, which sits alone on the table - no water, tea, beer, napkins, or utensils.  I would have left at that point, except we were really really hungry, but we asked for some tea and utensils and received, instead, a plate full of attitude so I threw the spring roll at the hostess, told the "waiter" to piss off, and went over to Eulogy.DELIVERY: This place has fast delivery service and the order is always right. My husband and I's favorite meals (so far) are the stir fried pork with ho fun noodle, vegetable pad thai, and 8 steamed shrimp dumplings. 
The ho fun noodles are flat and wide which my husband likes. The Pad thai is made up of really thin noodles similar to angel hair pasta which is thinner then most pad thai I have gotten; I like these skinnier noodles better. The pad thai is also not oily which I greatly appreciate. The shrimp dumplings are plain but very good. We tried the crab rangoon and that had a little too much fry and cream cheese for our liking (depending on our mood).I have been coming here for years and always feel welcome.  On a nice day, it is a great place to sit outside and eat...away from the traffic and noise and nicely shaded.  I always get the same thing, shrimp pad Thai, (which is the best I've had in he city), but friends and family have ordered extensively from the menu and never had a dish that wasn't really good.  If I am going to a film next door at the Ritz East, I feel very comfortable eating any Pagoda by myself.Stopped in tonight for a quick bite before a movie at The Ritz and was thoroughly disappointed. I got the mixed garden vegetable noodle bowl with vermicelli noodles and extra shrimp dumplings. The broth was so mild it could have doubled as warm water. I added soy sauce, but the water/broth was so flavorless the soy was powerless against it. The vegetables were equally under-seasoned, like they were boiled in water and then served. There was no flavor for the noodles to absorb. Is there no shoyu, garlic, ginger, sesame oil, etc in their kitchen? I found myself thinking "well, the menu didn't specifically say there would be seasoning. Maybe I was wrong to assume they would add flavor." My husband suggested that maybe someone in the kitchen mixed up water & broth. Either way, I won't be back. On a positive note, the movie was excellent - I do highly recommend Begin Again.This restaurant used to be good but now the food is very average and the man that waited on us recently was so rude-he acted like he didn't want to be bothered doing his jobVery good classic Asian dishes peppered with surprising specials. Cheap eats compared to the surrounding restaurants. Quiet and serene with impeccable quick service. Our go to place when visiting downtown for Ritz movies.Love this place been coming for awhile now and the food is delishhhhhh has great flavor I LOVE the shrimp dumpling soup... And everything else is just delicious .. This is my top 3 favorite chinese restaurants ever :)This place has fallen off the wagon.  I used to come here when my wife lived closer, but we were in the area and craving chinese so we decided to stop in.  The fact the place had ZERO customers at 8pm was a bit telling, but so many of these chinese places in Philly are all takeout anyways, so I wasn't so concerned - until I got home.  My meal had not one, but TWO long black hairs in my meal!  UGH.  Clearly these guys aren't following health code.  The meal itself was bland, my wife's dish was also truly mediocre.  Not sure is someone died or quit, but this place was always good for a decent meal - STAY AWAY.I went here with a group of people and everyone was uniformly enthousiastic. The food looked and tasted great. Serving personnel is helpful and friendly. For a quick bite of chinese food this is a can't-go-wrong choice.I love this place so much! I've been coming for years. It's never that busy but always delicious. Vegetarian heaven. Yes I've ordered the same meal every time. Scallion pancake, veggie steamed dumplings and vegetarian general tso. So good.2.5.... it wasn't bad, it wasn't great, it was just OK.  Nothing remarkable but if you're around the area, there's no reason to purposely skip it if you're up for noodles.
I found the menu emcompassing and the servers were nice although a bit awkward.  I got the vegetarian dumplings and the satay noodles.  Both were, well, OK.  Something you'd be able to cook yourself in a pinch.Food was nothing special, though service was fast. My real complaint was in value.  I ordered the BBQ ribs -- one of my favorite things -- as an appetizer. For $8, I expected more than three tiny ribs tossed on a plate... no garnish or anything! Just three, lonely, sad-looking ribs. They tasted ok, not especially memorable, so the weak presentation and poor value are what really stick out. I would not recommend or be back.One my my favorite noodle places! Great rangoon and dumplings too. Very fast delivery!Oh dear! What happened to this place? Several months ago, I tried to order through grubhub. When I did not get my good. I called them directly and a man yelled over the phone that they don't deliver, was not doing my order and I should just call grubhub to get my money back!  Today, I forgot about that experience and decided to try it. It used to be fairly simple but satisfying. This time it was not good at all.  The general Tso's chicken was essentially crispy chicken strips covered with a dark sweet BBQ looking sauce. The ginger scallion noodles was dry and flavorless. The only think I sorta like was the veggie dumplings. That and the waiter was rude! Won't be going back.Not sure why the rating is so low for this restaurant. It doesn't appear fancy but the food was fantastic! Shrimp dumpling soup, crispy shrimp roll and General Tao chicken. All were prepared quickly and tasted wonderful. I will definitely return before I leave Philly.I have to say that I was extremely disappointed last night in my dining experience at Pagoda.  I had been there before and really liked it...  and in giving it another shot (and also having talked it up and then feeling silly for being so wrong), I was not overly pleased.  The service was just okay, the food was incredibly blah (steamed chicken buns, corn chowder soup, chicken with crispy string beans, and the Pagoda pan fried noodles), and to be honest...  there was this horrendous music playing the entire time that made me want to stick things in my eye.  Kinda sounded like a really long ring-tone for one of those cell phones from 2001.  You know the sound.  But I digress...  The crispy string beans were not remotely crispy and the sauce for the noodle dish was flavorless.  However, I did enjoy the proximity of the restaurant to the Ritz.  I will not completely nix Pagoda from my future choices for Chinese food, but I won't be running back there anytime too soon.Ordered food - the soup dumplings. 4 of them were fine (they tasted OK), but the other 4 were absolutely raw (took 1 bite, threw the rest away)....I hope I do not get sick from the dumplings.
The other things were fine...but the raw dumplings were unacceptable.I really like this place. Close to our hotel, inexpensive, and (mostly) friendly staff. Any place that trusts me when I say I want 7 out of 5 spicy is okay with me. Scallion and ginger beef was great. Good spice on chicken hot and sour. 
Thanks. Great meal.Went to this place yesterday for lunch. I've always walked past it, but finally got a chance to go in. By far one of the most amazing places for Chinese food in the old city area. They had a lunch $8 special where you can order an appetizer and entree. I ordered a vegetable roll and the General Tso's chicken. The food quality and service were excellent. I definitely recommend. Going back sometime soon to try their noodle dishes.Pros:
The food is good. I went three times during the week while at a conference nearby and my taste buds were not disappointed.
There is a good selction.
The prices are reasonable.
I would have given them more stars for the food if the cons below didn't stick out so much.
Cons:
The waiter was a real piece of work (to coin it nicely). One time I attended with 5 colleagues for lunch. We weren't given the lunch spe ial menu and we were short one of the regular menus. We asked for separate checks and he just walked away rudely mumbling under his breath. We had to ask for water during the meal. He did not ask us how everything was once he delivered it. Then when he brought the check, it was not separated and he added a 20% (which he clearly did not earn) on the food AND THE TAX. None of our party felt that was justified, but we paid just to get out of there.
The bathrooms are pretty raunchy so go before you get there if you can. There is a sign not to put anything in the toilet - including t.p. Very third world in that respect.
So why did I keep going back? It was close and the food was healthy and light.Ok, I'll start by saying that even though I live just blocks from Chinatown, I've never really found an asian takeout restaurant I love. That said, I think I've found a new regular in Pagoda Noodle Cafe.
Lunchtime on a Sunday and we were getting pretty hungry... beyond the "let's see what's in the fridge" stage and straight to "if we don't get lunch soon I'm going to turn into the hulk" stage.
We found Pagoda and ordered online. I got the wonton soup, pork dumplings, and scallion and ginger noodles (because I have a serious case of the eyes-bigger-than-stomach syndrome) and he got the general tso chicken (no surprise there). I have to say I was extremely satisfied with all of them. 
The steamed dumplings were different than I expected, but I am no dumpling expert by any means. I still enjoyed them. The wonton soup was flavorful and wontons tender. The scallion and ginger noodles were very flavorful. Jerrett said his chicken was good too, but I didn't have any.
All in all, I would recommend. and we will be back when the hulk inside me needs supressing again.I've been going to Pagoda for a few years now after a friend took me there after a movie at the Ritz. This place is great. I almost alway get shrimp pad thai or shrimp lo mein and it's always the same and always delicious! Lots of food, usually too much to eat in one sitting. Their shrimp rolls are thin, crispy and packed with shrimp. This is my restaurant of choice when I'm wandering around hungry in Old City.I really liked my food from this place! I've only tried it once, so I'll have to try again and see if it maintains my 4-star rating. 
I'm also about to type the word "noodle" many times. 
A co-worker and I wanted to try something new for lunch, so we ordered Pagoda through Seamless. It's a noodle house, so I wanted to try the noodles! It's great that you get to choose which noodles go in every noodle dish and noodle soup. Egg, udon, thin rice, lo mein, etc. 
The menu is huge so it was so hard to choose something! I ended up ordering the Singapore Noodles - I know this dish normally comes with thin rice noodles, so I opted for udon noodles instead. AWESOME CHOICE! It was really really good and flavorful and I had to stop myself from eating the whole thing. It was that good. 
My coworker got the roasted duck noodle soup and definitely enjoyed it as well. 
It was a little more than I like to pay for lunch ($10 before tax/tip), but worth it. I'd definitely order from Pagoda again.I've tried a lot of items off the menu of the years and everything is pretty average at best.  Greasy and poorly executed.  Nothing seems very fresh.  With china town right by, there are much better options.  And if you are in the mood for simple greasy american-chinese food (which we all sometimes), there are cheaper options.I was actually in the neighborhood to dine at Han Dynasty,  but I didn't have reservations on a Saturday evening, and Mr. Han politely turned me away, saying he was booked full for at least the next two hours. As I glumly walked back to my car in the nearby parking garage, I noticed Pagoda Noodle Cafe in the first floor of the same garage. I had passed by this place dozens of times in the past, but never considered dining there, perhaps BECAUSE it's located in a parking garage. But I already had a hankering for Chinese food, and was hungry, so I fired up my iPad to check the Yelp reviews. While the reviews were not universally positive, there were enough good things said by pleased customers that I decided to give them a try. And by the end of my meal, I must say I was pleasantly surprised.
At the recommendation of a fellow Yelper I started with the crispy shrimp rolls, and can confirm they are quite delicious. While the beer list is very short and unadventurous, you can't go wrong with a Tsing-Tao at a Chinese restaurant, so I had a couple of them. For my pre-entree soup, I had the noodle broth with roasted duck. As is customary with this dish in Asian restaurants, a hunk of duck is simply hacked in pieces, bones & skin & all, and added to the soup. While I'm not a big fan of fishing out the bones and skin, I also wasn't surprised at it being served this way, and overall the soup was delicious. I followed up with my entree of stir-fried Udon with seafood. It was quite delicious. Lots of scallops & shrimp & squid, with well-prepared noodles in a spicy-hot sauce. And since I had started the evening planning on burning my taste-buds with Han Dynasty's fiery dishes, I was pleased that the Pagoda included among the condiments on the table a container of hot-pepper sauce, so I added that to my already-spicy dish to raise the hotness quotient to the level I had set out for that night.
The staff was polite, attentive, and professional.
So while the Pagoda might not be at the upper tier of celebrity-chef Asian restaurants like Han Dynasty, among the more run-of-the-mill Chinese eateries the Pagoda Noodle Cafe is among the best, I would have to say.Don't let the fact that these people bought waaaay too big of a restaurant and it always looks empty scare you... Pagoda Noodle Cafe is awesome.  My roommate and I had just returned from London and were obsessed with Wagamama, a noodle chain over in England. We saw a sign for a noodle cafe as we were on our way to the Ritz and we were sold. Pagoda may be relatively empty most of the time but the food is awesome-- I highly highly recommend the Singapore Noodles (subbing in Udon noodles). The service is great too-- the waiters may have a little difficulty with their English but they've never messed up my order or come off as anything short of accommodating. It's affordable too and the menu is extensive, offering dishes from all over Asia. And don't skip the coconut ice cream for dessert!!I went there for the first time last week, during their non busy hours. I ordered something simple- Beef Lo Mein and it was actually really good. The egg noodles weren't greasy and the meat was cooked til it was very tender. My friend ordered Beef Ho Fun and hers tasted amazing, the noodles were so good. After eating ours tummies didn't feel like they were filled with oil so we ordered some icecream. I'm a big fan of ice cream, so I was a little sad that they only provided 3 flavors. But the green tea flavor and the chocolate was very good. The ambience of the restaurant was also pretty nice. I'd defiently recommend, the staff is lovely and the prices are pretty fair. Also their delivery charges are super cheap, $1-2 depending on how far you are.If you are seeing a movie at the Ritz, make time to have dinner here (right next door).
It is a simple little bi-level spot, but with great food. Dumplings were great, and you can't really go wrong order one of their noodle dishes. The staff is very friendly, but because of the language barrier, ordering is pretty much up to you.
Order dessert, too, because you will definitely have extra cash.I do not understand the hate in some of these reviews. I've been going to Pagoda for about 10 years now, and never experienced anything close to bad service. True, the waitstaff aren't overly chatty, but they're prompt and polite which is all I really need -- especially at a casual restaurant.
The menu is varied, tasty and cheap. If there's another place in the city where a filling, tasty dinner for two, plus drinks, routinely comes in under $25, I'd like to see it. 
Pagoda isn't the place to go if you want to impress a business client. But if you want delicious Asian food that won't bust the budget, you can't go wrong here.This is a lovely place with really good food. I love the space arrangement. You can see almost the whole restaurant. On my recent trip, I sat at a window seat and was able to view fireworks close by. It was amazing! The service is excellent and our waitress was super friendly. 
I really like their shrimp dumplings!Moral of the story: Don't order delivery, going there may be better
We ordered delivery from here and I was rather non-plussed. I saw the pictures of the restaurant and the ambiance looks like it would have added to the meal which may be why the reviews are higher than mine.
My friend and I each ordered a noodle dish and there was entirely too many noodles, little meat/potatoes, way too few vegetables and way too little broth. It would be so easy for them to repair these dishes just by balancing the ingredients a little more. The taste was OK, but nothing amazing. We also ordered fried dumplings which were kind of bland. Even the sauce didn't taste like regular dumpling sauce. And finally, we ordered the thing that Grubhub said was the most popular item which was the Steam Roasted Pork Bun. The inside of it was approaching tasty. The bun was ok and I inadvertently started eating the paper that was on the bottom which didn't help my impression of the dough.
I was really hoping to find one thing I would like in this montage, but it just wasn't happening. I don't like to give bad reviews, but I'm guessing going there is better than delivery.A friend and I ordered delivery last night.  I have eaten here before, but had never ordered delivery.  Although it took longer than expected to arrive (over an hour), everything was still hot.  The atmosphere of the actual restaurant is nice (high ceilings and spacious with nice lighting) but some of the tables are a bit too close together.  Because this is a prime first date spot you may end up overhearing somewhat awkward conversation. Lol.
The quality of the food is above average (especially given the rock bottom prices), the portions are huge and the chilli based oil (just order "hot sauce") brings life into any dish.
As for the food itself, some of it is a hit (+) and some of it is a miss (-):
+ Shrimp Dumpling bowl (shrimp wrapped in wontons and served with assorted green vagtables and thin noodles)
+ Chef's eggplant special (served in a great sweet tangy sauce) 
+ Shrimp rolls (crispy deliciousness)
- Duck rolls (interesting... but I wouldn't order them again)
- Pad Thai (bland and a bit greasy)
In short, if you are in the neighbourhood and in the mood for Chinese or want cheap eats... it is worth stopping in.  
Happy eating!This is my third and final time ordering food from  Pagoda. Each time the food has gotten worse and worse. No flavor. No taste. I wouldn't order food from here if it was the last resturant in Philadelphia. Do yourself a favor and don't waste your money.If I were to sum this place up in one catchy phrase, it'd be "Mountain Dew or Crab Juice?" "Yech! Geez! I'll take a Crab Juice!" (The Simpsons) 
Pagoda Noodle Cafe gets a solid, solid 2-star.  If I only dined at Pagoda once, it wouldn't be fair to give them a 2-star review; there's always the chance that I caught them on a bad night or I ordered something that just didn't agree with my palate. The problem is, I've been here 4+ times and I just can't come to like the food.  I mean, it's not bad necessarily, it's just so bland. I've ordered different things each time and nothing has enough flavor to wow-me. 
And even worse, they are the meanest people ever! Had the service been good, I may have raised the rating a star.  Every time I get the "whadd-ya want" attitude.
The last thing I would want to do is see a restaurant suffer because of one person's bad experience, but I've been here a number of times and have a very well-rounded opinion of this place. So, 2-stars for serving what is considered to be "Chinese food". I'll probably go back out of pure hunger but I'm on the lookout for a new noodle stop in that area... or maybe I'll just opt for a crab juice...This is right by my house so I had been meaning to check it out for while now. When my friend came to town to run the Marathon I thought it was a perfect opportunity to go because he need to pack up on Carbs.
We walked in without a reservation and was sat no problem. We also ran into some people coming out of the restaurant on our way in and they were raving about how good it was so I was excited.
I ordered the Avocado Salad and a lo Mein noodle dish with a sesame ginger dressing. I wasnt crazy about it, I found it pretty greasy, tasty but not 5 star tasty. my friends seemed to be enjoying their meal, one got the pork buns and was very happy with it, another got the spicy beef and he was legit sweating throughout the meal!!! He said it was very spicy and that made him happy.
It got busier and busier as we were sitting and by the time we finished our food it literally took 30 minuted for them to come clear the plate and then we didnt see anyone for another 20 minutes, I even tried flagging people down and no one even noticed me.
I would say the service was 2 stars, my meal was 3 stars, but my friends liked their meal and people raved about the restaurant when we walked in and it was very busy so I feel like everyone else was giving it 4 stars. Maybe greasy Chinese just isnt my cup of tea. Check it out for yourself and see what you think.I came here with my dad on Father's day under the assumption that I liked the food here. I guess I was thinking about another place because I really did not enjoy it. The menu they have here is just  way too large so I felt overwhelmed with choices. Seriously, you guys don't need six pages of options. I decided on a noodle dish that was supposed to be filled with garlic and hot spices. I really like spicey dishes so I  was pretty excited for my food to come. But what I got just tasted weird. It had no garlic. It had no spice. It was just odd and there were tons of mushrooms (which I hate, and did not see listed in the description). I'm still convinced that my order was mixed up. On a good note, I had the samosas as an appetizer and they were surprisingly tasty. They just aren't reason enough to come back.Nice service but food was quite bland. It's in a great location. I ordered the duck noodle bowl and the duck meat was just fat and bone, no meat. However the noodles used were very good.Very good and fresh Chinese food. Excellent soup dumplings. Noodles are homemade and delicious. Service is ok, efficient but not overly friendly. Better than mostFood is Ok and the service can range from adequate to abyssmal, with staff from the hostess to the servers MIA when needed. They have to understand that if they are going to be so pushy about urging you to order more, they are not happy if you order a little, they need to get their act together.  That would mean, ramp up the quality of the food a notch and make it consistent, and give service that gave patrons the idea that someone, anyone, cared. Then, I'd be happy to boost your check.  Also, when 3 young girls come in, kick off their flip flops and one eats her dinner with her bare feet up on a chair within olfactory distance from the occupied adjoining table and the guests at that table complain to the manager, the manager actually has to do something.We ate here because we were starving and it was there.
I grew up playing in the Chinese restaurant that my family worked at and this place reminded me of my childhood.  The soup dumplings were soupy.  The veggie chicken is delicious.  Totally hit the spot.
Tasty, cheap, there.  What more could you ask for?We ordered from grubhub.com while in Philly for the weekend. The food was delivered quickly, and was hot. That is the highlight. As for the food quality, the crab Rangoon I ordered for my kids was quite tasty. The Thai special chicken with broccoli was so, so bland even ordering it extra spicy, the Singapore Mei fun was pretty mild and oddly dried out. The roast pork ho fun was tasty but also too dry. We had lots of leftovers, but didn't feel tempted to try to eat it again. The service was great, the food mediocre at best. May be other food would have been tastier...Noodles, Indonesian Tofu soup, a bunch of vegetarian option, open late and right by the two Ritz Theaters - fantastic! The food was good and came out fast (I was starving), the price was right and the menu expansive. But I'll have to bump a star off for the poor service. We had to ask, in the middle of our meal, for waters (we hadn't ordered any drinks) and the small staff seemed annoyed that we were there. Seriously, though. I love spicy soup.Ordered delivery for dinner when I was too tired to go out after spending all day working.  Fast and reliable service.
The food, alas, was only middling.  I ordered the roast duck noodle soup and mango fried rice with shrimp.  The soup broth was weak and the duck was mainly skin and bone.  I'd be fine with the lack of meat, if the soup had taken on the umami from the roast skin and bones.  It hadn't.  The noodles were nice and firm (rather than soggy and overdone), but since the broth lacked flavor, the noodles just added to the blandness.
Mango friend rice was tasty, though I think a little more seafood would have made for a better balance between the rice, sweet tangy mango, and savory shrimp.
Not bad, but nothing worth repeating.  I won't be ordering from them again.Pagoda is awesome. I am a huge fan of Asian noodle houses.  I have gone to Pagoda twice now and both times the food has been fantastic.  My wife and I took her parents here when they came to visit us.  The restaurant is located just next to the Ritz theater near Front Street in Old City.  We split the steamed vegetable dumplings which were delicious. I also asked them if they could make me a special dish using Odon noodles, because they are my favorite. They made me a "Vegetable Lo Mein" but substituted the Lo Mein noodles for Odon. Hands down it was incredible. I inhaled it.  My dessert consisted of a homemade green tea ice cream which was also wonderful. Everything was wonderful and I couldn't have asked for a better place to take the parents-in-law.  
Her father said that the Wonton soup he ate was the best he had ever had. Ever. The waitress told us that she made it herself. 
Try this place...it's great.I used to love the chicken and shitake mushroom noodle soup , but I ordered take out and it had 2 or three tiny pieces of chicken and barely any bok choy or mushrooms . Big bummer . I usually love the needle noodles too ,but they were greasy and not as flavorful as usual . New cook maybe? Hope they get it together.When you're meeting friends for movie night at the Ritz Theaters in Old City make lunch or dinner plans at Pagoda. They have reasonable priced dishes that will please. 
Just tonight I tried their Pan-fried special which was a delight of hearty helpings of pork, chicken, and shrimp tossed together w/ greens and crunchy noodles. 
Though watch out, they have one waiter who is a bit clumsy and you'll occasionally hear a dish break or something spill on someone's pants which I witnessed a number of times eating here. But I believe it gives the place charm; like he's Gilligan except Asian and they aren't trapped on an island but in a restaurant trying to decipher numbers and codes and conspiracies and reasons why they keep coming back to the island, er I mean restaurant, I mean who am I?!? What does it all mean?!? 
Wait! wrong show...
Anyway, all their food and even their version of General Tso's Chicken is different to what you normally find at 1am at those shady Yellow stores usually in sketchy parts of the Philly hoods but it's the only thing open when you get those "I gotta have Chinese now!!!" craving. 
Actually that sounds a bit dirty. Saying "I gotta have Chinese now!" 
Oh, hi... Jackie Chan?!?!
"I gotta have American now!" 
Oh... you mean you want a cheeseburger and fries?
"No... You Americans stole every other countries foods. Nothing you make here is original. Even Hanna Montana was imported from Estonia. I just want to kick your ass!"
Oh crap...Ordered from Grubhub. Sorry to say that they food was very mediocre. Something ss basic as wonton soup was poorly executed with a weird texture. Also, I think it has MSG, because I am getting a reaction. Wouldn't order from them again.Ugh. My boyfriend and I had an hour to kill before the 9:30 viewing of Black Swan at the Ritz Saturday night. Zack was hungry and wanted something to eat-- Pagoda was right next door to the theatre, so we thought we could get in and out relatively quickly. We we were wrong.
We stood in front of a woman (presumably the owner) for about five minutes as she ran credit cards for other customers. We weren't seated. She pointed to the corner where there was a two-top, right next to the bathroom. I shrugged. She handed us two menus and we sat ourselves.
Hungry and ready to order, it had been almost ten minutes before anyone even acknowledged us at the table. No water, no silverware. I flagged down that same woman twice before she came over. We ordered one soup and one entree (chicken and eggplant). It was 30 minutes before they came out. We scarfed down our food and told the woman we had a movie to get to. She promptly brought out the check. Great. No one refilled my water until we were almost ready to leave, and then they started apologizing. 
As far as the food goes, it was decent but nothing special. I've never left a poor tip like that before, but unfortunately, it was well-deserved.Super quick delivery and food is always hot  ! The dumplings are good.. The noodles are normal for what you would expect from a quick takeout. But a good go-to when you want fast food and you're hungry.My co-worker and I ordered from here for lunch, the deliver was timely and prices are appropriate and comparable to other chinese restaurants. Unfortunately, the food is what matters and it just did not deliver. My co-worker ordered the Singapore Noodles and she said that it was dry and somewhat tasteless. I did look at it and it looked dry. 
I ordered the shrimp dumpling noodle soup with bok choy and I added extra 4 dumplings. The broth has not flavorful, again, slight taste of chicken broth but it was water with some flavor, very underwhelming. The soup had so much noodle that I dumped out most of it so I could enjoy the little broth it had. The dumplings inside was ok, nothing to rave about. I wanted to be excited for this place but it just did not do it for me. That will be my last time ordering.We drive an hour to get to Pagoda about twice a  month because we love it so much.  The dumplings are handmade and delicate, the soup noodles are huge and delicious,  and all of the dishes are filled with fresh veggies. We frequently order a dish not on the menu - sweet and sour flounder which is fantastic. Never had a bad dish!I'll start this review by saying I'll never go this restaurant again. I have frequented Pagoda Noodle house for seven years, as have my friends and family. Today I went and sat outside with my boyfriend and dog for what was supposed to be a leisurely lunch. Instead, it was my first time at ANY restaurant where I felt completely unwelcome. We were never welcomed to the restaurant, the male waiter got extremely disgruntled when we were asking questions about the menu, my boyfriend asked for hot sauce / chopsticks and the waiter got ANGRY, and we were stared at by the manager in the window the whole meal. At the end of the meal, given I've never had this experience anywhere, I asked to speak with the manager and I said I would not be leaving a tip and asked to know why we were unwelcome at the restaurant given how much business I have provided. The manager barely said a word and the waiter began raising his voice turning what was meant to be a conversation with the manager into a full altercation. He then followed me out of the restaurant yelling. All this with three tables total in the restaurant at lunch time. I hope people think twice about eating at a place that is this unprofessional and unfriendly to patrons. Go instead to Han Dynasty or to Chinatown for a better experience.I've eaten here twice.  Once at the location and once I ordered delivery.  
Both times the food was excellent.  I got a bubble tea each time.  The singapore noodles and wonton soup are excellent.  My friend got the squid and the beef lo mein, also very good.  Fried rice was good; basic and typical.  I wouldn't get the peking duck roll again.  I expected a spring roll or an egg roll just made with duck.  What I got was a loosely rolled tortilla with a little duck, a little lettuce and some sauce.
My only real complaint was for delivery.  I live in a high rise and outlined specific instructions for the driver.  He called me when I arrived and wanted me to come downstairs to pick it up because he didn't want to leave his car (even though I told him where he could safely and legally temporarily park).  When I refused and explained that I ordered delivery because I didn't want to leave my apartment he gave me some attitude.  Sorry dude.  
Wouldn't go out of my way to eat here but it got the job done.Food was decent enough but service was abysmal. My first time here and also the first time I've ever had the owner openly argue with a customer over a relatively benign matter that could have simply been ignored.I dined here last night with my fiance and had a less than pleasant experience. The food was mediocre at best, but the service is what really got me to comment here on yelp.
There were two different waitresses that waited on all of the tables and it seemed as though whichever happened to be walking by your table would stop if you were lucky enough to make eye contact. After finally getting our meals (sizable portions I will add) the edamame was cold and shriveled up and soup was so hot it could clear the most serious of sinus infections.
I was able to flag down the bill, but then no one came back to take my credit card. After what seemed like 10 minutes, I went to the front counter to pay. The lady was less than impressed that she had to come to to the register to cash me out. I put a line through the "tip" section since I left cash on the table (20% even though it should have been more like 10%) and handed her back the payment slip. She saw me put the line through the tip section and looked up and had the nerve to ask me if i left a tip on the table.
I was so surprised by her question that I replied with "yes, it's on the table". I will say I think it's extremely rude that I would be asked this question from any restaurant as if it's mandatory to tip especially when the service is less than desirable.
I would not recommend this place to anyone as a sit-down restaurant. If anything at all, get take out and have low expectations!Had an excellent meal of stir fryed udon noodles with seafood. Lots of scallops, calamari and shrimp and the noodles were cooked to perfection. Kong, my waiter, was very attentive, extremely sociable and nice.
Nice place kinda off the beaten path but worth the visit.I like this place because its close to the Ritz and they are to me the tastiest Chinese place that I have eaten at in a long time. I would recommend this place to friends and family esp before or after going to the movies. My faves are the sizzling salmon, the samosas and the garlic shrimp and broccoli. If your in the area I would say give it a try, you might find a couple of favorite dishes.Solid food, but a bit too expensive for what you get.  
Good for grabbing dinner before going to a movie at the Ritz.
Generally not very busy, so the service is always fast.After reading some the negative reviews on here, I had major doubts about this place, but since I haven't had any Chinese food for over two weeks, my craving out voted my logic, plus I was going to watch a movie at Ritz next door anyway, it's the convenience.
I walked in and this place was huge, I swear I heard my echo saying "table for one...one...one" it was sort of sad to see only one other person eating by herself, I figure it maybe still early for a weekday. Instead of seating me near the other lady, the waiter/owner sat me by the window, I guess it would look good for people passing by to see an Asian eating in a Chinese restaurant, I'm onto this guy.
My plan was to order a noodle soup since this is a "Noodle Café" but after browsing thru the menu, my craving out voted my logic again, and I ended up ordering the Curry Lamb with rice and a Tsingtao. Interesting on the menu was the Chef's Special "Lam with Black Bean Sauce" and "Explosive Shrimp", someone didn't proof read before printing, well maybe they did, it was charming in a way. 
My dish on the menu showed a picture of a chili, at the bottom it said "Mean Hot & Spicy", well it really meant it. Sweat was pouring out like I was in a sauna, but it was so tasty I couldn't stop eating, I asked for extra rice to mop up all the curry sauce, and thankfully I had extra Tsingtao to replenish my lost fluid. In a way I was cleansed, my system flushed.   
When I left it was around 7:30, there were no other patron in the restaurant, no one came in between, I thought of going back to give them more business after the show, but after 2 hours I was still way too full. The location may not be the best, as it's off the main street, but it's next to Ritz East with plenty of parking, the restaurant is actually a part of the parking garage, and there were even more parking in front as well. Next time when I'm in the neighborhood I'll order the noodle soup, logic will out vote craving at least once.My go to Chinese place when at home.  Favorites are the steamed dumplings, Chinese pizza, and curry chicken.  All the regulars such as general Taos are good as wellI had a seafood dish with Thai lychee. I had never tried anything like it before so I can't compare it to other lychee dishes but it was incredible! The salmon, shrimp, and scallops tasted fresh and lightly covered with orange sauce. Plate presentation was excellent and service was efficient and friendly. Green tea ice cream for dessert was also great. The salmon did appear to be lightly breaded though but it was still delicious. I hope I can come back to Philly soon because this is my first stop!I used to live in Philly and discovered this restaurant several years ago. Now that I've been living in NJ for several years, my husband and I return about once or twice a year. We went last Saturday night for dinner. There were some newer menu items. We ordered noodle soup with udon (the veggie for me, shrimp dumping for husband); half an order of peking duck and chow fun noodles with shrimp. The waiter commented that it was a lot of food, and we replied that we always take home leftovers. We ordered tea and the waitress seemed surprised we wanted hot tea, but the jasmine tea is quite good.
Our soup was delicious, mine full of veggies. Our peking duck was also good. Amazing, actually. The only issue I had was with the stir fried duck dish that is served alongside the more traditional peking duck, there were some piece of bone from the duck. The chow fun with shrimp was also very good.
We ordered sesame fried banana with green tea ice cream for dessert to share; delicious. 
Yes a little pricy but we only come once a year or so now that we are an hour and half away; local Chinese restaurant just as expensive and the duck isn't as good.We will definately come back again; some waiters are better than others.Worst delivery experience.  Have been a loyal patron of Pagoda for over four years.  It used to be consistent.  Tonight I received inedible food that I can't imagine they would ever serve in-house.  Spare ribs that were the burnt ends, not even cut, and scraggly (picture proof posted).  The seafood stir fried noodles were a mystery in two parts.  One part seafood drowning in a mysterious white sauce, and the second part consisting of noodles alone in another container.  Not really "stir fried," is that.  I called Pagoda right away and was told over the phone they'd just remember to give me free spare ribs whenever I order the next time.  Highly doubt this is a reliable system.  Not acceptable for a $30 meal.  Will never go to Pagoda again.
UPDATE:  Grubhub got Pagoda to issue me a partial refund.  I'm afraid my stomach ache will not let me absolve Pagoda.Pagoda Noodle Cafe definitely has some of the best Chinese food around. I live in New Jersey and work in Philly and often find myself here for lunch. The food is very good and the waitstaff is extremely quick and efficient so that you can walk in and get back to the office in a reasonable amount of time. The prices are extremely reasonable especially if you order from the lunch specials menu. But even if you don't or you go for dinner which I have before it's still very reasonably priced. I once accidentally left my phone on the table and walked out. The waiter came running out letting me know my phone was on the table. While its definitely not the best place to go if you're on a diet you can certainly order something lighter like soups which are also delicious. I'm a regular and will continue to be so.Despite some slow service, we had a perfectly fine meal before heading next door to the Ritz East. I never paid this place much mind (mostly because of it's off-the-path location and placement beneath a parking garage.)
The menu is pretty expansive and covers classics like Lo Mein and General Tso's Chicken, with plenty of noodle options, stir-fried rice dishes, and a bunch of vegetarian choices, too.
I ordered the Singapore Noodles, which were exactly what I wanted and expected. Nothing to write home about, but flavorful, a decent portion, and everything was cooked nicely.
My boyfriend ordered the General Tso's Chicken, which was delicious and not your average GTC - it was more of a Chicken Katsu, with General Tso's sauce, smothered on top. I have to say, I was pleasantly surprised with the few bites I took from his plate.