Yikes! Not sure what kind of Indian you Philly folks are comparing to, but this was not good... 4 stars for the nan. 1-2 stars for everything else, especially at the high dinner prices.This is probably the best Indian I have ever had. It is also the most expensive Indian food I have ever had, but it was so worth it. I was in Philly for work and was craving Indian food. This place hit the spot. I ordered a martini, Murg Makhani (which is Chicken Tikki Marsala), and some naan. I was blown away by the food. Now I went the safe route with Tikki Masala, but I am sure most dishes are this amazing. The chicken was cooked perfectly with a sauce that was to die for. I came here by myself and finished the entire dish plus all of my naan. I was overly full, but I couldn't let any of it go to waste. The naan was thick and flavorful and paired up nicely with the Tikki Masala. I can't wait to go back to Philly for Indian food. Definitely worth the price.The food was very good. 
The service a bit awkward and slow. 
The bathrooms very strange. 
The atmosphere feels like a nice hotel restaurant.My girlfriend and I here were here for restaurant week this past Monday and we both enjoyed our meal a lot. The first course for me was a chicken corn soup that came with three sides. The soup was honestly the best I've ever had and my girlfriend got the tamatar soup and really really enjoyed it. Every course was amazing and the service was excellent. The server shook my hand after the meal, something I always respect, and was very apologetic when he told us they didn't have beer or liquor. 
Not having beer or liquor is the reason I am giving them four stars instead of five. They reasoning for the lack of booze was because they didn't renew their liquor license. Not sure how that happens but maybe they didn't pay their sales tax, I know that not renewing a liquor license is a common way the government keeps restaurants taxes in check. 
All in all, I'll be back.Came here for the $10 weekday lunch buffet -- ahem, excuse me, the "Executive Buffet Luncheon" -- which is a pretty good deal, I think. I might come back if I'm craving Indian on a work day, but I wouldn't go for dinner. Indian is one of those glorious cuisines where you can get really good food for pretty cheap, and the food here doesn't really warrant paying a premium.The Palace at the Ben serves up some pretty fantastic north Indian fare in an upscale locale. My parents and I shared Channa Masala and Daal Makhani; both they and I agreed that the Channa Masala was significanctly more flavorful than the Daal Makhani. The naan and puri that we ordered were both quite good as well. While on the pricy side, I believe that the food justifies the tab.I was in town for business in May, when I stumbled upon the best Indian food I've ever had!  I am a big fan of Indian cuisine, and I thought I'd had "the best" prior to eating at The Ben.  Boy howdy, was I wrong!
The food, service, and ambiance were all fantastic.  The food was as spicy as I'd ordered it (very spicy!) and the mango lassi was the best I've ever had.  
The only complaint I have about this place is that it's in Philly, and I'm in Southern California!  I'll plan my work travel around trying to eat at this place again. :)Went here on my birthday while in town.  First off the food was amazing!  I can't remember the names of the dishes but my chicken was at the perfect spice level and my girlfriend's vegetable dish had her raving.  They were also not skimpy with the rice, nor was it overcooked like I find at a lot of places.  It was nice having a sampling of samosas for an appetizer since we differ in our attitudes toward meat!
The atmosphere was really nice too.  Perfect lighting and spacing, and we saw a few private tables with curtains too if that's you're thing.  Our wait service was attentive and ready with recommendations but not always around.  Which says something because when we went there was no one there.  From 6-7:30 on a Friday evening we were one of two couples that ate there, I have no idea why!  
Good food, good service, nice place, and decent prices.  Next time we're in Philly I'll be going back.  My only complaint was that their wines weren't that exciting.DO NOT EAT HERE!
Horrible service, I was told a 15 min wait and went to the bar for a drink. I was forgotten at the bar for 45 min. Went back to the front desk to see a host who asked if I wanted to be put on the list for a table. I had  to explain myself then I was given a table.
After getting seated I ordered food that was ok at best. When the bus boy cleared my plate the female manager came over and told me "don't waste food" because I only ate 75% of my serving. After I got the check they included the tip in the check. Absolutely horrible service.I have always enjoyed eating at Palace at the Ben. Before their buffet, they had a delicious lunch menu that always included panir masala. Now that they have instituted the $9.95 lunch buffet (even on the weekends- for $11.95), it is rarely on there, but the owner says if you call in early, she will put it on there- now that is good service!! 
There are usually about 10 choices on the buffet and it's always clean and well-stocked. The food (while I'm not the best at the names of what I'm eating) is impeccable and there is always one dessert at the end of the line. For the amount of deliciousness offered, it's a great comfort-food fix at lunch time and it's great for a gaggle of friends to join you!
The service is attentive, at least in the beginning. The naan is usually waiting for you when you get back from the buffet line. If you're in a hurry, don't wait till the end of your meal to ask for the check.
Note: They have a full bar but the drink prices are atrocious!I was in Philly for a business function, and somehow we ended up here.
I have to say, the menu was limited compared to what I'm used to when I go to an Indian restaurant.  There wasn't a large variety of naans.  Usually, there are savory and sweet naans, but here it was all savory.  And there are usually multiple options for curries, masalas, and different versions of tandoori.  I didn't really see any of that on this menu.
I ordered a Chicken Hariyali, which was very mild, even though I ordered it spicy.  But it was a complex dish, with great flavors.  And the rice was just right.
The atmosphere was very quiet;  there weren't many people there, and the restaurant itself is large.  Everything was very clean, and our water was consistently full.  Our waiter was attentive, but not overly so.
All in all a 3 out of 5.  I would do it again, but it wouldn't be my first choice.  I would risk going spelunking around the city to see if there was another choice for Indian.I ate here for the first time yesterday and fell in love! The buffet was great!!! I actually went up for the chicken tikka, rice, and mushroom marsala twice! The staff was nice and its pretty! I have plans of going tonight for dinner!I came here for the lunch buffet. The staffs were very professional. The food was great, my favorites are the goat curry and the mushroom (so delicious)! There are chicken and vegetable dishes too. The sweet desert is refreshing. Highly recommended, especially for formal gatherings.This is the best Indian food that I have had in Philly. A lil expensive than other places, lesser options in the buffet. But if u prefer quality, over quantity, this is def the place to have some Indian food. And the more expense is justified by the ambience. I also loved the tap in the restroom :P
The food is really good here, and coming from an Indian (who doesn't like most of the Indian restaurants), this plc is definitely recommended...
Cheers!Where do I begin, from how nice the food was or when the mouse ran out of the kitchen?
 It was a lovely evening out with friends, a double date you can call it. A nice place great food but terrible slow service but anyhow once the food arrived we were happy.... UNTILL... an a good hour in our conversation, by friend goes OMG is that a mouse, we all looked to the kitchen entrance a mouse runs out and across the restaurant. I started yelling, MOUSE, MOUSE, the staff just ignored me until I called one of them over. NO once approached out table for a good 10 mins, and then our waiter came up and offered us desserts. I was Shocked. NO apologies, nothing. For 20 mins we sat there pissed off because no one was coming up to the table until we sent the guys to find a manager. The owner came out to talk to us but kept making the excuse that this is a city and they come in through the main building entrance doors and that the Philadelphia health Department is aware about this situation. They took 20% off our bill and sent us on our way. Never again will I step into that place or send anyone I know. What a shame because the food was good.First off, I've become a major Indian food fanatic. While I was hesitant at first, it was only a result of prejudgments about what the food may actually taste like. I also thought that I wouldn't enjoy spicy food which turned out to be NOT TRUE AT ALL. If someone were to ask me what my favorite food is, at this point I would have to say that Chicken Makhani holds that honor. I've tried it many places throughout the Philadelphia urban and suburban area and this place ranks right at the top along with Cafe Bombay in Bristol. While Cafe Bombay is great, Palace at the Ben is so much more aesthetically pleasing. It's a beautiful restaurant with great service. I recommend to anyone who enjoys Indian food OR wants to try it for the first time.The food was fine, not stellar. My palak paneer was just alright, and the vegetable samosa was bland. The biryanis had hardly any gravy and were mostly plain rice. Food alone, it would be a serviceable but not very good or especially memorable restaurant.
The service, however, is severely lacking. When I arrived, the waitstaff were stand-offish and unwelcoming. No one seemed to actually be hosting. As for the actual meal service, everything seemed to take forever, from wine glasses to the entrees themselves. The waiters threw plates down on the table, on top of menus, on top of forks and knives, on top of papers--just wherever! They brought the entrees and barked out "shrimp biryani" or what-have-you, and if it took more than a half second for someone to claim it, they just dropped it down on the table--wherever!
Worst of all, the prices here are skyrocketing off into the stratosphere. $24.95 for a simple fish curry? $16.95 for palak paneer? That is crazy.
So I'll remember Palace at the Ben for its sloppy service and ludicrous prices.I had heard such good things, but sadly they were all untrue. I went today for the weekend lunch buffet. They had a number of veg options, none of which tasted much like anything nor different from anything else. I mean, we're talking big-time bland here. I ordered veg samosas too, which seemed a bit better spiced at first, but it turned out to be a phantom taste, because they drifted down into flavor monotony like the rest of the food. And they were mostly ugly and gray inside with sparse appearances of peas. The naan was cold, rubbery and flavorless. This is not what South Asian food is supposed to taste like. The setting is fine, but overly formal for such not-great food, and the service was lackluster. And the bill was over $20. I can't help but think it's money thrown away, but at least I know now and can stop wondering if this is the place in Philly where I'll finally find great Indian food. It's not. And I will not be going back.I would give a solid 3.5 stars. I ordered in; naan, 2 vegetarian entrees, and their rice pudding. The delivery took over an hour and 20 minutes ( minus 1 star since I could have walked and picked it up in under a half hour- damn my sloth!) but the food itselft was excellent! However, for $45 I expected the servings to be much bigger. The entree its self was in an (estimated) 2 cup container about an inch under full. The rice was less than a cup, no joke. The food itself was no complaints, but almost $50 for two tiny dishes of rice, 1 peice of naan, and two humble entrees with an equally humble sized desert seems to be overpriced to me. 
In short:  Food was very good, highly recommend
                 Take out portions were super small and overpriced
                 Delivery? Not if your hungry. Pick up the phone and place the order      *before* hunger sets in ;)This is the place local Indian nationals will take their parents when their parents visit Philadelphia.   Lamb saag is great.Open letter to Palace at the Ben:
My Dear Friends,
I ordered take out two nights ago from you guys. It had been awhile, and I was craving some korma. I was excited for this meal that never fails to disappoint.
The first indication that something was amiss was the color and texture of my favorite dish that you have made so reliably well in the past. The color was darker, the texture... runny? And when I tried the dish... it was lacking in flavor. Bland. Watery. All these words I never thought I'd use to describe Palace at the Ben's flavor.
Guys, what happened? Are you switching to cheaper ingredients in lieu of flavor? 
I'm going to chalk this up to a one-time mistake and give you guys one more chance to make the korma that I know you are capable of cooking. After that, I'm going to be forced to do the unthinkable. Switch.
=(,
KimberleyFood = 5 Stars
Atmosphere = 3.5 Stars
Service = 4.5 Stars
The food here is ridiculously good. I would give up both of my pinky fingers to be able to eat here whenever I want to for free for the rest of my life. Imagine that... 4 fingers... Think about how hard it would be to hold stuff.
The atmosphere is a little off I mean the place is SWANKY but it was weird. Pretty large sized place with all white paint job and couch-like seats with little statues and stuff, but it was like eating in a freaking library! My dinner date lasted about an hour and a half, and the first hour we were there, no background music or sounds. I could hear water from the fountain in the lobby splashing. The server talked very softly. And then....BAM!  music comes on for the final half an hour we're there and it was top-40 Hip-Hop. Weird.
Would you eat amazing food in a library? I would.For what it's worth, I have been seriously contemplating moving to Philadelphia, and Palace is a pretty strong selling point. I was looking for a good pseudo-kosher (i.e., multiple non-meat options) restaurant for my dad while visiting Philadelphia, and with Little Fish booked solid we opted for Palace. Why the place was virtually deserted at 7pm on a Saturday I do not know.
The decor is, well, it's an Indian restaurant, but I'd say tasteful and entirely appropriate without going overboard. The servers are eager, prompt, helpful, courteous, and unobtrusive. The serving sizes are pretty decent, but it seems to depend on what you order. Dad had the Fish Maharani (spiced sauteed fish), which he said was delicious but was a huge helping, even for him. My Murg Makhani (tandoori chicken with tomatoes and butter) was a smaller serving than I've had at other restaurants. I still wasn't able to finish it, and would have gladly taken it home if we weren't staying at a hotel. The vegetable samosas we started with had just the right amount of crunch on the outside and mushiness on the inside without being too greasy. My only complaint is the garlic naan (I didn't see it on the menu, but ordered it easily) was a weird texture and too crunchy on one side. I like to be able to pick my food up with my bread, but it was only possible by separating the two sides of the naan and using the softer side. It was more like a pastry.
All in all, not a very adventurous meal. Their cocktails sounded enticing, but it seems I'll never be old enough to feel comfortable about getting tipsy in front of my dad.
This place would be perfect for a group of three or more people, to be able to share different items. It also struck me as the perfect place for a first or second date, as it has just the right balance of quietness and ambient Indian music to be able to carry a conversation and to fill awkward pauses. I noticed the waiter would always come to the table with water or to ask if everything was all right every time the tentative couple at the next table fell silent. Talk about attentive.Best Indian we've had in Philly to date. It's pricey, but the chef delivers overall. The only area I might suggest working on is service time (not service from staff). We've been twice and noted an extended period between ordering and receiving our food both times (although once served it was fresh and hot). Improved timing would bump to 4 stars, but would still recommend to a friend.I came here for my friend's birthday, we had a table of 6 and was seated quickly.  We did the restaurant week's menu and I might say that everything was good!  Indian food is my favorite, which means I get pretty picky when it comes to GOOD authentic Indian.  
Everything tasted very fresh with just the amount of spices.  I would definitely recommend this place for large parties or romantic dates!Finally, a venue truly worthy of kudos for design in Philadelphia. Nestled into the Ben Franklin House apartments, hence Palace at the BEN, you have an amazing setting of a 75 year + historic building. This is where the outdoor (indoors technically) bar shines. With chairs, pillows and cushions straight out of the Taj Mahal it's almost as much fun aesthetically outside the restaurant than in. The streets aren't paved with gold, but the ceilings sure look like they are!
Inside the elephant is king as a design fixture. There are a few private tables cleverly nestled into the layout, and a lounge-like setting by the interior bar. You have to see it to understand...  This is a great venue to impress someone or a group of someones who have never been. It's definitely atypical of the philly restaurant scene.  If the food and the drinks are as well thought out as the venue, then this is a winner.I hate for my first review to be negative, but Palace at the Ben is really not great. 
I've been here about five times (mediocre Indian is still better than 80% of all other foods) for lunch and have been consistently disappointed with the blandness of the food. The Chicken Korma, the Dal Makhani....they don't taste like anything. And I don't know what's going on with the mushy pakoras, did someone microwave them? 
I've also consistently received abysmal service, having to get silverware from another table and getting up to find a waiter to pay on more than one occasion.Palace at the Ben really does a great job. I love the look and feel of the place and the cuisine is always delicious. They do border on the pricey- but so long as you are there for a splurge you will not feel ripped off- you are paying for a quality meal.
I think the best bet going is their buffet luncheon - I believe its about 10 dollars and you can eat whatever you like all for around 10 bucks. The food is just as good as what you would order for dinner, but significantly cheaper. 
Also they deliver from diningin.com which is great so you can order some up even if you can't seem to get yourself out in really cold weather. (which I am not a fan of) I love eating indian food and PATB is definitely in my top 3 best indian food in Philadelphia.Everything at Palace at the Ben was amazing!!! I cannot have had a better experience.   When you first walk in the staff graciously greets you and you see what a beautiful restaurant it is.   The food was so perfectly cooked and the flavors were amazing.  The portions are more than ample and as far as Indian cuisine goes, this is by far one of the best experiences I've had.   Don't forget dessert! Each of the items our party tried was fantastic!  Such a great experience! Make sure to take a look deeper into the restaurant which leads to a beautiful grand gallery-type room with handsome architecture and design. A very loungey and elegant bar sits in the gallery that is part of the restaurant. Definitely looks inviting and we will stop for a drink there the next time.  A true gem!!!!This beautiful restaurant averages over four (4) stars and in a foodie town like Philly that's saying something.  You will be hard pressed to find an Indian restaurant with a more beautiful atmosphere.  These folks offer a week day lunch buffet, weekend buffet, and of course dinner service.  The week day buffet is a great deal.  For ten bucks or so you can quickly have a delicious Indian meal.
If you go for dinner park in the convenient lot right across the street.  Enjoy the beautiful decor.  Expect better than average service.  You will find all the expected Indian delights on the menu.  Ask and the waitstaff will happily adjust the spice level.  Speaking of the waitstaff, I have always found them to be friendly and competent.  
Some folks think of these folks as a special occasion place especially for dinner.  You'll pay a few dollars more but it's worth it.Taking another crack at keeping up with my Yelping.  
About once a month my body alerts me that I need to take my monthly dose of Indian food.  And of course, I have to follow what my body wants.  
Lucky for me, my usual suspects of foodies were willing to join the fun and found our way to Palace at the Ben.  First star goes to the awesome parking spot (STREET parking..holla) that was right across the restaurant.  I should be clear and say that our dinner was on a Thursday night @ 9pm. 
We walked into the restaurant and it was empty which got me a little worried.  I said out loud, "But Yelp said this place had 4 stars.." 
Never fear the empty seats especially since we were there for a late dinner.  (Hint: The last order is at 9:30pm)  We got down to business and quickly figured out what we want.   Around of drinks that is worth trying are: Mango Lassi, Mango and Lychee Martinis. Super yum - Second star.  
I got the Lamb Bhuna - medium spicy and vegetable samosa (cause I'm a fatty). We also order naan that came out hot. Third star. 
Service was great too. I know you might think, "Well, duh you guys were the only table." I say to you stop being a hater. We had just enough attention. Fourth star.
I would definitely come back and keeping my fingers crossed that on other days this place is crowded because good Indian food is hard to find.The Palace at the Ben is a rare finding in the Indian food world.  An upscale establishment with service,  and both food quality and variety to more than justify their higher than standard, but still affordable prices.  Our family has known the owner for years and can truly attest to his passion for food and commitment to quality.
Their food is absolutely delicious.  One thing about Indian restaurants I have noticed is their disproportionate attention to curries/sauces compared with the meat.  It seems the quality, and the way the meat is cooked is secondary as the rich flavors of the sauces prevail.  Palace at the Ben pays equal attention to both, with amazing curries and sauces, paired with clearly high quality meats cooked very well.  Their kabobs and tandoori entrees are amazing.  Their vegetarian dishes are excellent as well.
Additionally, they have an excellent cocktail menu, highly recommend the copra mojito.
Must visit.Excellent Indian cuisine, pleasant ambiance and superior service.
We will definitely return.Another great deal in Philly.
Frank and I sampled the lunch buffet ($9.95pp). 
Lovely room, good selection of delicious Indian food, and best service (even with it being buffet style) from Zavy, our very attentive and friendly waiter.If you're looking for good, authentic, and affordable North Indian food, look no further. I'm Indian and, naturally, quite picky about Indian restaurants. My friend and I stumbled upon this place and decided to give it a shot. And I am so glad that we did. Korma in most Indian restaurants in the US caters to the tastes of Americans who can't handle spice. Not so here. It's not too spicy--Korma isn't quite meant to be--but it's not the bland, sweetish, creamy dish one finds at all to many Indian restaurants. The spices are nicely balanced and it's creamy and mild in just the right proportions. The Saag Paneer, again, was really great. I didn't have to dig for bits of paneer as I often have to at buffets! The vegetable dishes were also great. My friend was blown away by the Goat curry. I was also delighted to find Limca and Thums Up here--anyone who's grown up in India will know why! We also got nice fresh naan at our table and our waiter gladly got us more and insisted that we eat the hot, fresh naan instead of finishing the basket of cold naan. He was very friendly and attentive. I'd give it 4.5 stars if I could because I was completely unimpressed by the buffet desserts. Maybe the a la carte desserts are better, though. Anyhow, next time I'm craving real Indian food and I'm too lazy to cook it myself, I'm headed here.I went here the other day for their lunch buffet. Everything they have to offer is delicious! Yes, the buffet is advertised as $9.95 but they add on some sort of mandatory service charge (around 20%) to your bill regardless of how many people are in your party. I'm not sure why they feel this is warranted seeing as you will be doing the serving.Service Tax?.. On a lunch buffet..? for 2..?????
I like the food and have been here a few times since I moved into the city. I bring my friends with me and they like the place too. HOWEVER, when I happened reviewed the bill at my last meal, a lunch buffet, I noticed that they charge a "service tax" of about 15% for 2 of us. WHAT??!!! Since I was not paying attention when the bill was presented as I was talking with my friends, I paid an additional tip of 15%.. now I am miffed, even though it was a few dollars, I feel cheated.. even if they had told me that they had added the service tax, I would have been OK since at tip at least 10% at a buffet anyways...never going there again even though I like everything else about the restaurant. They lost a potential loyal customer... :(I went to the Palace at the Ben happy hour with two of my favorite ladies the other day, and we had a lovely time.  
Happy hour occurs behind the restaurant in the lobby of the Benjamin Franklin House, which is very nice with big plushy chairs.  It's a little odd to sit in a lobby eating and drinking, but there's good people- and dog-watching... it's sort of like being at a sidewalk cafe that happens to be indoors.  We were the only ones there, so the bartender was very attentive.
I'd seen some rumors on the interwebz that they offer free appetizers at happy hour, and this was unfortunately not the case.  They do, however, have very cheap (many under $5), very large, and very delicious appetizers available with a $2.95 drink purchase.  Among the three of us we covered at least half of the appetizer menu with two orders each, and we were all very happy with our food.  I got so full I had to loosen my belt, only I wasn't wearing a belt, so I had to unzip my skirt a bit, which was awkward. But I managed.  You could definitely make a hearty and cheap dinner from the happy hour menu alone.  The food was a bit slow in coming, but that's probably just how long it takes to cook, and it was well worth the wait.By far, my favorite North Indian restaurant in the US.  Good service--I've made friends.  Sometimes, you have to be a bit patient.
Great for business and people love the food here.  Very nice decor and one of the only Indian places that pay attention to ambience as well as food.1.  The Harabhara kabobs are fantastic!  They are my favorite appetizer.  
2.  The Kashmiri Dum Aloo, Navratan Korma, and Vegetable Makhani are awesome.
3.  The Palak Panir is ok.
4.  Mango lassi is really tasty.The food here is pretty impressive.  Tasty on all accounts!  The service was excellent as well.  The dishes were all hot, well-flavored and filling.  I wouldn't be able to recite the names of the plates for the life of me.  Growing up in a household where bland food was a staple, this place is a flavor vacation - so delicious!  I went with a group of work friends for their $10 lunch buffet.  I'll be returning!The ambiance, the staff, and the food are incredible.  Very stately decor, very attentive staff, and huge portions of delicious food.  Don't be afraid to ask for what is not featured on the menu the staff graciously accepts requests.   If you are looking for something quick, perhaps you should reconsider their dining room as a  2-course meal for 2 takes about 2h, but you should consider the bar area which has a great happy hour--430-730 with $5 martinis and $3 beers free appetizers.  I'll hurry back!At some places, restaurant week brings down the quality and service a bit, but not at Palace at the Ben! We had an excellent time. Our server, Barry, was attentive without being intrusive, and helped us out with several questions. I have to echo the beauty of the space others have mentioned. The quality of the food was excellent and portions were generous enough that we took quite a bit home with us. Nice touch that the soups came with veggie samosas and chicken on the side. Two thumbs up for their outrageously fluffy naan. The korma was positively decadent.
On their regular menu, entrees are mainly in the low $20s.I dropped in here one evening after sightseeing in the city. The food was fabulous, especially the korma. Drawbacks, service is slow-perhaps because the place was almost empty. Anyway, the food made it worthwhile.Lunch buffet. 5 of 5 nomomomoms. Feel like I'm ripping them off paying the standard lunch buffet price. Everything here tastes fresh and well put together.
Best goat I've ever had. Pakoras were flavorful. Dessert had just the right sweetness. Tandoori chicken was succulent and falling off the bone. 
Tastefully decorated as well.
They didn't complain or give weird looks when we made goat sounds while eating.The lunch buffet is a good deal at 10 bucks a person. The food is good, solid indian food. Their buffet lacks a few of my favorites, but since its across the street from my work, its an easy choice. The food could be spicier, and I have a medium-low tolerance for spicy. 
I've never had a full meal here off the menu - but i hear it is overpriced for the quality.You know what I love about my job? That I travel and am in a different city every week. And every other week I'm in a big city: NY, San Fran, Philly, Chicago, you get the idea. And I'm alone. So I eat what, where and when I want. No group of friends all with different appetites (although, I must admit the company would be nice) and no hubby ordering a bloody steak for every meal (and, being a veggie, that gets old and gross). 
So, I had a hunkering for Indian food tonight and decided to try Palace at the Ben. I braved 30ish degree weather to walk about 10 blocks to this place. I instantly noticed how sleek and chic this restaurant is: marbled columns (probably painted but beautiful), white linen table cloths and crystal chandeliers. The smell was amazing. I was seated immediately and had my drink within 3 minutes. The wait staff hops, and I mean runs, actually. I was in, ordered, ate and out in less then an hour. 
My meal was wonderful, I ordered the Panir Kulcha (naan filled with panir cheese and spices) and Navratan Korma (9 veggies slow simmered with cream sauce, raisins and nuts). Amazing! The veggie dish was cooked perfectly, the nuts gave a nice crunch and the sauce was creamy but had the perfect touch of spice. I washed it all down with a cool, sweet and frothy Mango Lassi. 
This place was amazing. I'm giving 4 out of 5 stars only because they don't offer a veggie sampler (which I am used to at the other Indian restaurants I have visited). I'd def recommend if you live around here or are just traveling for business. You won't be disappointed!!I've never had worse service.  Ever.
I went with about 3 or 4 girlfriends during Center City Sips.  The server refused to seat us all at the same table, even though the whole place was nearly empty.  We didn't get enough silverware or waters.  Our drinks were in no way delightful or enjoyable.  The food was mediocere at best, and the server was an ass from the moment we walked in the door.  
I do not recommend.  I've always read good yelp reviews of this place, but after my experience, I was left wondering, have these other yelpers dined elsewhere?  Because every dining experience I've ever had was better than this one.Great food prepared exactly to order. Level of heat is relative to American taste - think grocery store salsa and order medium (3/4), hot (7/8) or non-grocer, fiery hot (11/12). As mentioned in other reviews, order the Garlic Naan not on the menu; one order of naan/kulcha is the size of a medium pizza. The kulfi is great for dessert if you like pistachio flavored ice cream.
Party of five ordered different things and shared - great fun!Great food. Not sure where the small portions came from. We both left stuffed with enough food left over for another meal.One of the best indian restaurants in the area. Love the decor and the food. Heard this place is for sale however. It would be a shame if the place closed down. The owner also owns palace of asia restaurant and is one of the nicest guys.There is a great buffet. It has options for vegan and vegetarians. It is under 12 bucks.  The facility is gorgeous, and the wait staff is attentive.  We had a large group there and we all had a nice time and enjoyed the food.I consider myself a paneer tikka masala expert and I live it at the Palace at the Ben. But if you want spicy, be sure to say "very spicy." I also recommend their mango lassi. The lunch buffet is a great deal, but I usually pass and order from the menu because I like my Indian food spicier.I go to Palace at the Ben for weekly chicken korma carry outs--it's my go-to, which is saying a lot because I'm a commitment-phobe when it comes to restaurants. The chicken korma is flavorful and thick, and the naan is fluffy and cooked fresh.
The only semi-con is that the portions used to be bigger, but they've cut down on serving size lately.I'm no Indian food conosieur, however, I think Palace at the Ben is delightful.  I went on a limb and tried this chicken dish cooked in coconut milk , golden raisins, and nuts... SO DELICIOUS...
And I'm pissed I missed this event that everyone's referring to!
Plan on returning the next time I'm getting IndianThis Indian resturant had very romatic decor, if your looking to wow someone for a first time date this is it! The food was good and the waiter was very attentive. The only thing bad I have to say is they charge you a hidden sevice charge of a few dollars and at the time the tandoor chicken didn't have any flavorVery good Indian food.  A biot expensive but deleicious.Palace at the Ben 3 - Tyler 0.  That is the score so far in my new rivalry with PatB.  Really, the restaurant gods hate me when it comes to the Palace.  The food is delicious.  I am no Indian food connoisseur, but it ranks up there with my other favorite, Mint, up in NYC.  Problem is of the three times I have been, twice my stomach was absolutely destroyed (no need to elaborate), and the other time the food I got (spicy chicken) literally made me look like I was going through cocaine withdrawel.
So yes I am a fan, and yes I will try to even the score at some point.  I am still smarting from the meal last night, so it will be a while.  Overall though, the food is buttertown.  (Naan dipped into the chicken tikka masala sauce may be my new favorite dipping combo, replacing dunkaroos).
Also, I am starting my inaugral note self tip.  This is a tip that everyone should follow or face dire consequences.
Note to self tip #1: Do not eat Palace at the Ben before flying.Indian is one of my favorite dishes to order, and Palace at the Ben does it the best.
I especially love their Kadhai dishes, particularly shrimp or lamb. They go very well with their naan and kulcha.
Granted I only order from them when I have a fresh paycheck to spend. Otherwise the $10 lunch buffet special is the way to go.I normally hate eating Indian food outside of our home but this place, wow! Not only is it absolutely beautiful inside, the food is actually really really good! The owner is usually there and the staff are friendly and eager to make your dining experience more than enjoyable. The first time we went was with our entire family and we had this awesome private table where we couldn't see or be seen by anyone else. The drinks are also really unique (and strong). I've been there for brunch, happy hours and parties and wow this venue is fantastic.nIndian restaurant.  I am becoming a real Indian food fan.  The samosas here are wonderful, the curries are abundant and varied and all true to their flavors.  At lunch this is a buffet for about $10 so you get to try different things which is great as I am still really learning.  The paneer was awesome and the korma was creamy and tomatoey (fun to say!) with a good hint of spice.  2nd time here and I will be back.had the lunch buffet with my hubby there today. It was sooo good. we are both vegetarians and we found lots of good dishes to try. All of them tasted great..as good as the dine-in order. We are definitely going back!Food was good.  Too bad a rat Yes I said RAT ran across the restaurant floor ruining the great night our group was having.  Don't go there!Beautiful, both the decor and the food were crafted with care and skill. It is the best Indian food I have had in the city, but the price tag is quite a hit to the wallet. I can't say I was truly disappointed with anything but rather I have had better Indian outside of the city. The samosas were fresh and crisp, the chicken one was dry though. The dishes we shared were very good, saucy, beautiful curries with plenty of meat or panir. If I am in the city during lunch time I will definitely try to hit up their lunch buffet since it is more reasonably priced. But still I have had slightly better food for a cheaper price outside of the city. So if you are willing to get great Indian food and travel out to Bensalem check out Food Castle Express.I just got carry out from this place, and it was very good, especially for Philly Indian food! I had the chicken tikka massala, and it was excellent, and the naan was good as well.Went for the $9.95 lunch buffet and I definitely got my money's worth. The food was pretty good and it is a great deal. The Naan was warm and fresh and doughy and great for dipping in sauces. The service was good and they regularly came around to refill waters which is always much appreciated. I wasn't that crazy about the dessert they had (some kind of mango in yogurt sauce) and the tandoori chicken was a little dry but still good. Overall, though, this is a solid lunch option and I would definitely go back if I get a hankering for Indian again soon.Most definitely the best Indian food I've had in Philly.  For the most part, the flavors were complex and delicious.  There were a couple of mediocre dishes, but the outstanding ones certainly outnumbered the underwhelming ones.Kind of a hidden gem!  We had a nice dinner here.  The spot is lovely (great atmosphere), the service is good, and the food was tasty.  Some in our party were disappointed that the 'spicy' stuff wasn't hot -- so I'd suggest that you make it clear to the waitstaff if you want your dishes spicy/hot/not toned down.Very good, nice and quiet restaurant!
We went there for our first wedding anniversary and it was great!
Delicious food, fabulous service!
Just to be recommended!I have avoided Indian practically all my life bc I had a bad experience at a friends house a while back. But i'm so glad a friend made me come here for the excellent lunch buffet. Everything was just wonderful and I got to really try out new things. Some of the stuff is a bit too creamy for my stomach to handle, but I just suck it up and eat it anyway and deal with the consequences later. LOL. I've been addicted ever since. Will be back for sure! :-)This restaurant was amazing - from the food to the decor to the staff. Me & my BF had dinner this past Tuesday night and it was wondferful. First, the building that it is in is beautiful and the decor is lovely. The layout is very nice with a non-open floorplan with little private areas to eat. There are 2 lounges that are also beautiful. There were not a lot of people in the restaurant having dinner but that was not a problem for me - I liked the privacy. The staff was very gracious and friendly. As for the food, it was amazing in my opinion. This was my first time having Indian food so I am far from an expert but my BF loves Indian food and he loved it as well. The food is somewhat pricey - we paid $81 for 2 (not including my tip) but well worth the price and you get a lot of food. I had to take food home. I thought the dress code was dressy but I would say that it was more casual to dressy. I would highly recommend the Palace at the Ben and will definitely be going back for more.The lunch buffet was good, but none of the items were particularly complex or flavorful, and there weren't a huge number of options. I much prefer New Delhi's buffet (in U City) 
I haven't been for the full menu, however, so I can't speak to its qualityDowntown Philly, PA
I was looking to review this place forever. I go into any restaurant that happens to be around and then I try to figure what their name is and sometimes I forget to yelp them. Lol! 
Decor is gorgeous here.
Oh...I finally remember where I ate at now and seeing my checkin list on yelp! LOL. Malai chicken here was awesome. I just found my chicken the waiter suggested us. Now I have to find a nother place that serves Malai Chicken. When I pick the restaurant is always better than when Mr. Banker use to pick the restaurant I noticed. By the way...I love this place. Why did it close?????The food was excellent. The service was horrendous. I'm indian and my group of friends were not and they got to the restaurant before me and said the owner was extremely rude and cold to them. They had called earlier and asked if it was BYOB and she said yes. When they got there with a bottle of wine she very rudely told them they wouldn't open the bottle because they have a full bar. She also very snappishly told them she hadn't said that on the phone. Our group noticed a huge change in service once I got there and said the servers were much nicer then. One of them even made my favorite dish for me even though it wasn't on the menu. Everything we ordered tasted fantastic but I won't go here again because of the service that my friends received before I got there.Came here while on business in Philly after searching for something yummy in the area.  The Yelp reviews are pretty spot on -- the place appears pretty formal, but when I arrived at 7:30pm, there was only one other table, and the place was stone cold silent.  However, the service was prompt and friendly, and the food was fantastic.  I started with the assorted samosa (chicken, panir, and vegetable), which were super delicious and served along with the tamarind and mint sauces.  I kept alternating sauces to figure out which I liked best (result: chicken with tamarind, vegetable with mint, and panir was a toss-up).  For my entree, I had the Navratan Korma, which is described on the menu as "a royal entree" and featured veggies in a creamy sauce with cashews, served with basmati rice.  Nothing was too rich -- an issue with a lot of other Indian restaurants I've visited.  On the negative side, however, despite the regal appearance (and menu claims), I was seated in the corner and noticed that the walls have food stains flung all around, and there were a couple annoying fruit flies and mosquitoes buzzing about.  However, the rest of the restaurant didn't appear dirty.  Overall, it was a positive experience and I would return again.My partner and I decided on a whim to come down to Philadelphia from New York City. After enduring a 2 hour Bolt bus ride, we were starving and looked for a nice place to eat. We came across this Indian restaurant and because of its high reviews we decided to check it out. When we got there it was completely empty and nobody was at the front. Eventually a host came around and I asked if they were open or preparing for dinner. They were open and the host walked us to our table. I immediately was trepidatious about eating in a restaurant where we were the only customers. However once the food and friendly waiter came around, all my fears were put to rest. The Naan was so savory and doughy at the base, probably the best I've ever had. It was well worth the trip to Philly and a great way to start our weekend.Went to Palace of Ben for Restaurant week, the food was mediocre  and overpriced. The service,decor and drinks were great though. Overall it was just too overpriced for the food.Met friends before the theatre to eat at this place which we've always loved in the past.  The food was remarkable as ever!  We were told that they are under new management and we definitely could tell. The service took FOREVER!! We should've know that there would be problems when I asked for a Taj Mahal beer and was told "we don't have any." "What about wine?"another friend asked and we were told no but there was a store around that the corner that we could go to if we wanted.  We figured we would do that (for our group) then minutes later were told we could all have a beer (two choices only) and they would be on the house!! Confused? You bet.  I know we won't be back for a longggggg time!! Disappointed. Didn't bother to even have dessert or coffee at the end, something we always do.  So sad    :0(I wasn't expecting to be wowed by PATB, and didn't come out feeling cheated there -- i.e., I wasn't wowed. There was nothing particularly distasteful about the restaurant. The ambiance is classy. The owner/hostess seemed nice enough. The food was good-- but just that - good.
Guess I should clarify that I am comparing it with some of the best Indian places around the country. I should also clarify that I am an Indian foodie who lives (and earns) just so I can travel around the country and try some of the best restaurants in town - so I am a lil bit of a food snob :)
Did I mention the service was amateurish for a restaurant at this price point? Try Bombay Club in DC to see what attentive service should be like!
The one thing that did wow me -- Kulfi -- it's a traditional Indian ice cream -- although much firmer than ice cream. That was some of the best kulfi I've had - EVER!Beatifull dining area! And is probably the cleanest place for Indian food.