A little loud but a great neighborhood atmosphere; staff was very attentive most of the night.
Cashew soup might have been the best soup I have ever eaten, the flatbread was very lite and tasty and everyone' entrees (I had the whole wheat farfalle) were delicious.
Zeppolis, cannolis, and black Sambuca tied it all together!We have been here multiple times for dinner, cocktails, and even brunch. The food does not disappoint. The truffled breadsticks, fresh pasta, delicious mixed drinks, and an incredible eggs benedict are all some of our favorites. They have a great bar area (and menu) and a more formal dining room. The wait staff is excellent. Prices are higher than we would spend on a casual Friday night or for brunch, but this is a more quality product. It's worth the price. Great addition to the neighborhood.Loved the new place. Great bar scene that can go from dinner service to Sunday football. Great open kitchen, wonderful rich textures. Food was fantastic...arancini, crepe sellers, stecchini, Cornish game hen and oxtail parpadelle are all worthy contenders. We will be back monthly for the affogato!Had dinner here over the weekend. Made reservations and ended waiting an hour past my reservations. 
I got the black spaghetti with calamari. It was cold & under seasoned. 
Service was good, but not many options for non meat eaters.This restaurant provided a really underwhelming experience with bland food at best. The best part of this restaurant is their staff, these are fun, attentive people who will wait on you. We waited an hour and a half past our reservation time. They treated us to overcompensate and were truly apologetic, it's hard to kick people out of their tables and keep in mind this is a TINY dining area. After all the waiting I was so disappointed how salty and bland the meat dishes (appetizer and a beef ragu pasta) came out (restaurant week) as some popular dishes were sold out. For dessert, the cannoli had an orange flavor (described on the menu) - it was not good at all. I won't be back here when there's so many other Italian spots to visit in S Philly - not to mention the wine is overpriced. $12-$13 a glass doesn't fit what this place should be about. Overall summary: bland food, overpriced wine, great service, expect long waits on reservations, and please skip the cannoli.This is one of those times when I really wish I could give half stars! 3 is too low, but they didn't quite achieve 4.
I made a 10 pm reservation on the day before Valentine's day for my boyfriend and I. Upon walking in, we could definitely see they put a lot of effort into the decor of this place, very nice! I love the phrase on the wall "Chi non beve vino, non va in paradiso" Who does not drink wine, does not go to paradise! I need one of those decals. 
We were sat right behind the hostess stand, separated a little by a curtain. But it was directly in line with the door which sent icy blasts of air everytime it was opened. Brr! There were plenty of other tables we could have sat at but they weren't cleaned off yet. The man who brought us a wine list said if we had any questions, to make sure to ask him but when the time came for me to ask about a wine I hadn't heard of, we couldn't get his attention.. oh well! The waitress answered my questions just fine and the wine was delish!
My bf ordered the lobster ravioli and devoured it. I ordered a beet filled pasta which was really cool, not sure what prompted me to order it and I can't figure out if I actually liked it. But the flavor was so interesting, especially with smoked gouda on top that I ate it all! The portions were a little skimpy and the prices high for small-ish servings. 
I definitely would not have labeled it a steakhouse, I mean they had a few steaks on the menu but definitely was not the main part of the menu.  Oh! I almost forgot, the calamari appetizer was sooo good. I don't think I've had better calamari so major props there.He was a bore. Thought  his poop didn't  stink.   Miserable   no personality.  Over price  train to days  cocky  karma is a bitch.Had the black spaghetti and it was very good. Ate at the bar and the bartender was very friendly and knowledgeable about their sizable wine list.My second time visiting and this place will be a competitor on the Philadelphia scene. The food is made with simplicity and complexity. Light, flavorful and traditional. Front of the house has improved greatly since my last experience.I agree with some of the reviews on here...there really isn't a theme. Sport bar-ish by the bar but intimate dinning elsewhere. Italian quote written across the wall, but indian music playing in the background...????
As a small place, it is hard to pull that off. I went there with a large table of 10 when they first opened and then again more recently, just me and my mom for her bday. With the large group it was 50/50, half of the table loved their food, the other half was not impressed. And same with my mom, we shared everything, half of the food we loves, half was not great. Food is hit or miss. I posted pictures of some of the dishes. Again...presentation is also a hit or miss. Service is always great, staff very friendly. 
I went once for a couple if drinks with my gf and sat at the bar. Bartender was great. We got a flat bread off the bar menu which was simple, light, and tasty (not spectacular).Came in for a drink, after walking 10 miles around Philly. The staff is great, the drunks executed well, would love to come back for some food, everything looked spectacular.I have to choose my words carefully, as I went to Palladino's on Friday night for the office holiday party... and much like fight club... what happens there must stay there.  This includes a toast, a roast, and some sweet dance moves.
What I can share, however, is tales of good eats and good libations.  We arrived and were promptly greeted with passed hors d'oeuvres.  Our first stop, however, was the bar.  I went for my traditional vodka with club soda and a lime.  My husband went for a gin and tonic.  Palladino's makes their own tonic.  While I admire their sentiments with this, they need traditional tonic as an option as well.  My husband choked down the drink as it tasted very... Christmas-y... and we opted to steer clear of tonic drinks moving forward.  I could see how for the right drink, this would be lovely... but it shouldn't be forced upon people.  
Next, we took to the snacks.  These were delicious!  I enjoyed tuna tartar perched atop a cucumber round, truffled arancini which were delicious, though they were served burn-your-taste buds-off hot.  I also really enjoyed the baked mushroom crespelle's which were served on a stick.  They weren't glamorous to eat, but they were SO SO good.  The most perfect appetizer of them all was the crab cake.  Absolutely delicious.
They had a spread of cheese that we worked our way to the bar to try... and just as we got there, a bartender took the platters and moved them to the other side of the bar which was a moral defeat.  No cheese for us.
Then came dinner- it was fabulous.  I tried some of the salad first and foremost which was delicious.  I didn't get the formal description, but it was kale based, but didn't get too stuck in my teeth like normal... whole wheat farfalle with kale pesto which was just perfect... as was the salmon with dill beurre blanc.  I don't do red meat, so I skipped over the steak, and went for the fingerling potatoes and brussels sprouts.  All in all, the meal was a treat.
Then came desert.  I found space for one (1) cannoli... which to be honest is something that even when I'm stuffed to capacity- I'll always find.  It was refreshing to see that they took their unique approach.  I've grown accustomed to Termini, and this was a bit less gingery and a bit more orangey.  It wasn't my preference, but it was still a fabulous cannoli.  There were also cream puffs that were out of this world.  I had a bite of my husbands.
The service was so so kind and on their a-game.  They were very efficient, and really helped make the night special and fun for all of us.  Last but not least- I noticed that Palladino's is one of the best wine restaurants in THE WORLD!  That's quite an acclaim.  I'll DEFINITLY come back and try a sit-down normal dinner.  This place has ALL the makings of an absolute ACE.Went to Palladino's tonight for my friend's birthday....where to start? Had reservations for 8 at 8...seated at 9:15. $80 steak had hair on it, so we quietly sent it back so that other diners didn't hear. 40 minutes later, a half of steak was returned. When we asked the manager why the steak and potatoes was returned with a half portion, he said they removed it from the bone. We asked him again and he stated that some of the steak was eaten. The manager then told us that the hair did not match any of his cooks or servers to insinuate that we placed it there. We asked if we could have the remainder of the steak, to which he responded, "sure if you want to wait another 45 minutes" (for the record, I order my steak medium rare). We asked that the steak be removed from the check and it was. With a nasty attitude, the manager dropped the check on the table without asking if we wanted anything else (reminder: we are there for a birthday). On our way out, the men in our party and the manager had some words, at which time, the manager accused our party to have acted "belligerent" and "made several racist remarks" to our waitress who was mexican. Which was the most random and untrue accusation ever, especially since we only saw our waitress twice the entire night. At this point, the entire staff at Palladino's had come to the front of the resturant. I told the entire staff that their food was good, the bartender was great and this one waiter who kept checking on us was phenomenal. 
I understand that sometimes hair falls in food, but all he had to do was bring us a new entree. I am beyond offended and aggravated by how we were treated and will never return. If you are thinking of trying Palladino's out, reach in your wallet, pull out $400, and set it on fire. Biggest waste of time! 
P.S. I'm hungryWe had a great night out. The service was great where we sat at the bar. Not overly crowded on a weekday so we had plenty of room. Had a few off the menue cocktails the bartender was trying for new menu which were fun and clever. As for the food we started with the flatbread which had a surprising amount of cheese and was a Huge portion. For an entree I had the gnocchi which you can tell is made fresh daily. No dessert this time but we will be back. Heard they were starting a happy hour soon so I will put it on my list.Excellent all around experience at Palladino's! We had reservations but switched to sit at the bar to eat because they had nice flat-screen tvs with the college games on. The bartenders Joe and John were a great team and extremely personable. The food and specialty drinks were outstanding! We will definitely be back. It's a great balance of a romantic dinner (or dinner with friends) in the dining room and a great casual experience in the bar area.Honestly this was the worst dining experience I have ever had.  I just wanted a dinner with my friends for my birthday and it was a nightmare. First our table for 8 people was not ready at 8, or 830, or 850. We had to keep checking in with them to ask instead of them checking in with us. We did receive a round of drinks after the man at the front desk asked if there was anything they could do. So we sat down at 915 finally for dinner. The waiters and waitresses were great at that time. The food was excellant ..... until my friend found a hair in her steak. And she discretely told the server.  The man from the front desk (I'm assuming he was a manager) came and dropped off the new steak dish which was a substantially smaller portion. He then tried to say the cook removed the bone from the plate. Then after questioned being again about where the rest of the meal was, he replied that since a few bites had been taken from the previous dish they only brought half the dinner back.  He then said he would be more than happy to make another steak...if we wanted to wait another 45 minutes in a cocky tone. Then we got very upset and his response ? That his waiters and cook staff did not put hair in the food in the first place. He insinuated we did it ?!? It was by far the rudest I have ever been treated. Then he handed me the check. No dessert, no I'm sorry. And then as we leave we are accused of making racist comments to the waitress. Who we only seen twice during our meal and I don't even remember what she looked like. We laughed and joked amongst oursleves like anyone does while out.  That was their way of turning it around on us. 
Trust me I will never return to this restuarant. And I will make sure every business I deal with knows how they treat people. That man should honestly be spoken to or fired for the way he treated us. Isn't the customer always supposed to be right ? Apparently not at Palladinos.I waited until the day after our reservation to write this review because I was so enraged after leaving this restaurant last night. Had an 830 reservation for a party of 5 that we asked at the last minute to make a party of 6 since we would be sitting at the same size table - no issues. Arrived at 8, to have a drink at the bar before we sat at our table. 
First off, I've been here before and had a great experience and a great meal.  I knew that this was a bit louder of a restaurant, but I had no idea how loud it would be. 
Having a reservation at 830, we were not seated until 8:50. I understand that it was busy and that's okay we were being treated great at the bar. 
Sitting down at our table, it took us 10 minutes to see our waiter, place our order for our cheese plate and drinks. 15 minutes later it arrived and we ordered our food - here's where everything really began to go wrong. 30 minutes into waiting for our food, the server came over to take another order of drinks and to let us know that our food would be out in 5 minutes.  Then 15 minutes passed, no food, no drinks. Then 30 minutes passed, no food, no drinks. Another 15 minutes passed, no food again, no drinks. I got up and asked to speak to one of the managers. Manager in a condescending and demeaning tone says "let me check with the kitchen so I can see what's going on and be honest with you". Fine, I go back to the table and all of a sudden our food comes out. So what happened, did our food sit under heat lamps or did you take food from another table to cover our table? Oh by the way - still no drinks. Waiter finally brings over the drink and manager offers to buy us a desert. 
So from reservation time - to the point we actually saw our food was 2 hours and 15 minutes. There was no sympathy from the waiter who we barely saw, no sympathy from the manager. 
If there was more consideration for our time, for the fact that there was a pregnant woman and someone with a heart condition who couldn't take their pills without food; the waiters tip may have been better. Full disclosure: I was a bartender in Philadelphia before and still occasionally help out behind a bar and in restaurants. 
This waiter had the audacity to follow us out of the restaurant to complain about his tip. Never in a million years should the manager and owner who was on site (and kicked a patron out of the restaurant for complaining about the same terrible service right before we walked out) should have allowed this. 
This was the worst service I have ever received in any restaurant and will never go back to this place or any of the other restaurants this man owns.We started our night with a few drinks at the bar and ended up staying for dinner. There was plenty of available seating which I hope can only be attributed to the weather. 
The staff was knowledgeable and the food was fantastic. Apps, entrees and desserts - all were perfect. It was a bit pricier than what we would usually spend, but it was well worth it. 
But those giant televisions playing a looped DVD of Italy have got to go. What an incredibly tacky distraction to what otherwise would have been a 5-star experience.Truly Amazing!
We had 2 appetizers and 2 pastas.  The pasta was to die for! The gnocchi melts in your mouth. We also got the casonsei - which has beats and ricotta cheese with a poppyseed sauce.  I can't believe how wonderful it was! 
We started off with the CACIOCAVALLO SCALOPPINE which was a fried cheese with Sambuca which was recommended by our server.  We also had the mushroom crep which I would highly recommend.  
We can't wait to go back to try more things on the menu. 
Only downside was we had to wait an hour for our table even though we had a reservation.So disappointed in my experience after hearing all the hype of the new Palladino's on Passyunk.  The restaurant is very small, therefore, extremely loud, but that's the least of the issues.  The server was nice, just not a good server - with the noise and the language barrier it was difficult to understand.  There were two of us, we ordered a flat bread to share an each an entree.  The server says 'that's all - you sure you don't want anything else" i started to think the portions were going to be very small and we should order something else, but we didn't, thankfully.  the flat bread is the size of a medium pizza, obviously we didn't eat it all, and the server didn't even offer to wrap it up for us, just took it off the table.  Our entrees came - spaghetti vongole - good but no broth - very dry, and chicken prosciutto - awful, i repeat awful.  It literally taste like vienna sausage stuffed chicken.  I don't know how my partner ate it - it was the nastiest meal I've ever tasted.Excellent just like all of Luke's restaurant.. Beautiful open layout. Good luck in Philly LukeFantastic menu selections.  Friendly and professional service. Great atmosphere and for dessert the best cannoli I have even eaten.  A must go to place.Great opening!!!  Great atmosphere!  Especially loved the Spaghetti with Clams !!  The best ever!!!  While staff was new, it was well trained and very attentive!  A real repeat type of place. Good luck Luke!I went in for happy hour a few days ago and the bartender John D was amazing!! He made some of the best cocktails I have ever had.. John was so friendly and professional.. Very knowledgeable on the menu and wines.. I will definitely go back!!If I could give Palladino's 0 stars I would, although I never actually had a chance to eat there.  After waiting an hour for our table which was reserved months in advance and being lied to three times that we were to be seated at the next 6 top that opened we decided to go elsewhere.  I don't necessarily put much into reviews and went despite numerous others writing the same thing, lesson learned.Dinner Valentines Day 2/14 
First we started at the bar. Happy Hour or so we thought 4 drinks $45 shocked us Special Old fashion good very good but it was pre made and glass of red.
Seating after drinks for dinner. 
Hostess dressed little to causal. Seating exposes guests to very cold air as the door funnels the cold straight back to the tables. Need to work on something there. Their also was a employee red dress shirt working the hostess area,,,, seemed just a mess
Service was good. The food Amazing!! The veal meatball with polenta a must for a app.
We will be backDon't know what took us so long to visit this joint. Everything from the service to the dessert was amazing! On an avenue full of incredible restaurants (which we've been to them all) this one stands out! Don't leave without trying the focaccia! This was a definite fan favorite!Not sure about this place after one visit. Granted it was pretty newly opened and it was restaurant week, but things just werent as impressive as I thought they would be. The restaurant week menu was very enticing, and my fiance and I wanted to bring some friends of ours that came to visit and see our house to see what it was like. I felt like the place really lacked an identity. I couldnt tell if it was an Italian restaurant, a steakhouse or a sports bar. It seemed to be trying to be all of them at the same time and it was a little confusing. 
We all ordered different things and I was luck enough to get to try quite a few dishes. I tried the truffle arancini, the calamari, truffled grisini, and the caciocavallo scaloppine for appetizers. This was a good start, but it was not without its flaws. The truffle arancini was spot on. It was very rich, but as you would expect it to be with the fried risotto and creamy cheese. The calamari was more of a miss. The breading on the calamari was very light which was nice, but it could have been fried for longer which would have made it that much better. The aioli was a complete miss though. It was supposed to be a cherry pepper aioli, but it honestly wasnt much more than dipping the calamari in mayo. It had no heat or pepper taste to it. The caciocavallo scaloppine was probably the winner of this area. It is a Sicilian cows milk cheese sauteed with toasted garlic and mint that had a fantastic crusty exterior, deep flavor and an amazing texture. 
For the mains, it was a little bit more of the same. There were some highs and some lows, but overall it was pretty good. The spaghetti alla vongole was definitely the star of the main courses for me. The pasta was tender and cooked to al dente perfection. It was plentiful with clams and it was seasoned nicely with the garlic, olive oil basil and tomatos. The maccheroni rigate was what I ordered and it was second to the spaghetti alla vongole, but it was a still a pretty decent dish. It wasnt very visually appealing, but it did taste good. The beef was braised in red wine to make a ragu and coated the pasta beautifully with the cheese, but the taste just wasnt quite right. It was almost a little bit dry. 
Our desserts came out, and it was more of the same, good and bad, and messed up orders. I ordered two different scoops of gelato, but was given two scoops of the same, It was ok, but pretty small for sure, even for two scoops. I also tasted the cannoli was was pretty boring and the tiramisu, which was actually very good. It was great because it had all of those traditional tiramisu flavors, but it didnt have the booze flavor, which is what I usually dont like about Tiramisu.
I would definitely like to go back to see again what they can do. I would like to order a steak for sure to test that side of their menu out, but I hope they figure out their identity at some point. Otherwise, they may not last on a street known for its food and restaurants and patrons who are even more discerning than most.Perhaps it was restaurant week but the quality of food was nothing memorable.  Everything was very overly salted.  I liked the cauliflower but the sausage polenta had no real flavor, just topped with a bunch of melted cheese.  We got an additional appetizer which was the grissini, a breadstick wrapped in prosciutto, which was probably the best appetizer we had.  Next we had the strozzapreti with beef cheek ragu and the duck saltimbocca. The pasta was more al dente and dry but the ragu was ok.  The duck was a bit chewy on top of more polenta, they really cut some corners here.   The desserts were better, we got the budino and gelato.. Should have really passed on the gelato - it was the tiniest scoop and then we both wanted the rest of the budino.  A lot of other options around this area so we will not be back.
This is probably the worst dining experience I've ever had. It was completely over packed with people.  Our table was directly in contact with the table next to ours. My spouse was less than 2 feet and I had basically scream for him to hear me. 
I have so much empathy for the waiting staff because they were kind and smiling trying to deal with agitated customers for the long waits. Our waitress was so sweet and they were all running around.  It felt like a feed them and get them out situation at this point. They even brought out the wrong dishes for our table. Our dining experience was as long as our wait for our 6:45 pm reservations. No amount of apologies or quality food could make the literal headache this place caused worth it.
We were not able to enjoy ourselves one bit because of the atmosphere,  and really the experience is half the reason why you do dine out. I've been to loud restaurants, but this was uncomfortably loud - to the point where I developed a headache.  I closed my ears and could still hear every word that was being spoken by the other 100 people in there.  
There is absolutely no need to cram that many guests into that type of space. Horrific scheduling, and over zealous booking for dinner reservations. I gave two stars because the staff handled the situation the best they could but this is a one and done for me.
Starting off on a very bad foot.   This review is solely for service so far. We have reservations at 6:45, showed up ten minutes early and were told it would be 10 minutes before we would be seat and to please go to the bar which is packed. Bad sign. I ran into a friend at the bar that had reservations at 6:30 and were seated a little after 7. The bar tender actually skipped over us to serve people who literally just came up twice. He apologize so all good, he got us our wine, didn't tell us which was what so we used our own judgment.  It's now 7:23pm and I'm sitting here, still not at my table writing a review. Will update with food, if we actually get to dinner. So far not happyLet's just get this out of the way...4 stars for food. 1.5 stars for service. 1.5 stars for ambiance. 
My husband and I went to dinner on a Saturday night, really looking forward to enjoying the new addition to our neighborhood. We arrived and the host was very friendly and promptly seated us according to our reservations. Where we were seated was rather odd. It was a half booth spot, where one person is seated along the wall and the other was in a chair. However, the wall portion seat also was flanked by another wall (at a right angle), making it rather cozy and almost claustrophobic. Added to that, the booth seat dampened the noisy restaurant but the chair spot was still very noisy...it created many, "WHAT??? SAY THAT AGAIN" moments in our conversation. Also, the ambiance is really weird. It has this 1980's American Psycho vibe...gray walls and clean lines, but not in a modern way. Throw in a DVD on loop playing "scenes of Northern and Southern Italy" (I know the title because I saw it on the screen when they had to restart the DVD once it ended) on giant flat screens designed for soccer watching at a pub. But we just moved forward focusing on the menu. 
We reviewed the menu for about 5 minutes before the waiter came over. No introduction, nothing. "What would you like to drink?" we order and he leaves. We receive our drinks. He leaves again for about 5 minutes. He then comes back, reviews the menu a bit, then leaves again. Then finally comes back again after a few minutes and takes our order. NOTE: not once did we say that we needed more time to make our decision. 
We get our appetizers, and they are very good. The mushroom crespelle was great, as were the peppers alla nonna. The plates are cleared then the entrees come. Oxtail ragu with papardelle and osso bucco. Both good. VERY filling, but good. 
Then the end comes and we are left dessert menus, we definitely didn't need dessert so begged off. Our waiter wandered around a bit to set the tables around us without offering our check. We flagged him down AGAIN for our check. This is when the "charm" came from the waiter. He started gushing and was very chatty. Well, I guess since it was time for us to leave the tip, and all of his other tables and sidework were done, it was time to seal the deal. Nah. I didn't appreciate that. Ignore us the entire meal then talk to us for 2 minutes? No thank you. 
For $150 for 2 people to have dinner, I expect a little better service. No, I expect significantly better service. With all the competition of East Passyunk, this local won't be returning to Palladino's any time soon.We came here for late night snacks and cocktails on a Friday night. The restaurant itself is nice, but the staff was a bit stand-off-ish and the food wasn't great. We ordered the octopus, which was entirely too overdone so it was a rubbery mess. We also had the fried calamari, which was bland and just "okay." I was hoping to have a good experience so that we'd come back for a full dinner, but we are definitely not dining there again. What a shame.My friends and I went on Sunday for brunch and had a nice time. Ambiance wise I loved this place. It was clean, modernly decorated and they have nice inside and outside seating options. I also appreciated their nouveau serving ware. Just order a coffee or mimosa and you'll see what I mean. 
Highlights: 
mimosas and other brunch cocktails are a nice size and only $5!
8 oz. WOOD GRILLED BURGER DELUXE - House-made snowflake roll, Tallegio cheese, thick cut pickles, smoked chili ranch, wedge fries, house ketchup... My friend adored it. 
WTF WAFFLE - Grilled ham, fried egg, braised beef cheeks, seared foie gras, maple-mustard glaze... My other friend loved the combo. 
I ordered the ASPARAGUS IN BED - Potato cakes, roasted asparagus, sunny side up egg, Trugole cheese, crisp prosciutto 
To be honest I didn't love it and found it to be salty, but to be fair I think it would be better with a runny yolk from the sunny side egg. I ordered egg white. It could also use some sort of sauce since the potato cakes are a little dry.... Like a hollandaise sauce or something. Just a suggestion.
I will definitely go back though!Amazing brunch- We had the Italian eggs Benedict and the WTF Waffles along with the Flight of Bloody Mary's.  As always Luke's restaurants have never disappointed me!!!!!Poor quality food.  Brussels Sprouts done in a balsamic glaze and roasted were BURNT.  Linguini and Clams were better from my local pizzeria for half the price. Servers were not knowledgeable about the wines. If a gourment Italian restaurant wants to win a four or five start review, you can't serve food that is at the same level as my Italian immigrant grandmother. It was not worth $100 per person including tip tax and alcohol.Great brunch!! Got the WTF waffle. It was excellent. And they have amazing bloody Mary's.Everything about this place is stunning it's exactly what passyunk Ave needed. The staff was friendly prompt and very professional. The food came out in a timely manor the drinks were made perfect and there was a very large imported wine selection. Granite it was a little on the pricey side but everything was fresh and prepared on premises (I was told) so I didn't mind at all. There was a vast selection of food to choose from the ambience was very relaxing and comfortable. There's plenty of seating for parties and it's very spacious so I didn't feel cramped. They have a coat check when you first walk in and everything was very tidy and clean. For dinner I ordered the calamari to start and it was served with a dipping sauce that was absolutely delicious. For dinner I had what they call candy wrapper pasta and it was stuffed with beets and ricotta cheese and it was probably the best pasta that I've ever had in my life. My server came and checked on me right after I took my first bite to make sure that I was enjoying my food and I was glad that that happened because it showed me that the staff and the owner care about what their customers think. The manager I assume was also walking around greeting people that were dining in. I'll definitely be back! My experience there was phenomenal.So happy Luke made it to South Philly. We had the Mushroom Crespelle and Oysters Casino for Appetizers, Butternut Squash Ravioli and Grilled Wahoo, which was absolutely delicious and the desserts ....salted Carmel Bacon ice cream, I'm craving it the next day! Our waiter  Billy (previously from D'imitri's on Pine st),  gave us terrific service. Luke, welcome to South Philly, we'll be sure to tell everyone how much we loved the food, service and atmosphere.Called to make a reservation for a party of 12 for my husband surprised birthday dinner last week and was told that because of our large party we are required to order from the pre-fix menu which cost $65 per person served family style. Was told that they were going to spend me a menu with items to choose from. Waited for almost a week and never heard from them till tonight then was advise since they didn't send me the menu sooner since our dinner reservation was for tomorrow that they would allow us to order from the regular menu. Then I informed them that I have a birthday cake I would like to bring to celebrate my husband birthday and was told they would charge is $5 per person. I cancelled the reservation and really disappointed in how they try to charge $5 per person which I think it's ridiculous and now I have to hope to find another restaurant the day before our event in hope they have a reservation for our large party. Thanks for nothing!!!My Disabled friend was walking home and got a phone call and saw no one sitting outside this restaurant and decided to sit down to take the call and and Employee , possibly the Manager came out and chased him away saying he couldn't sit the and NEVER asked him if he was there to order food, this made him feel like a Homeless man !
I called the Manager and he acted as if he knew nothing about this and said the story was overreacted ! 
I Will Never eat here again !
Ignorant People and I don't care who said what I know my friend is telling the truth because he is SO UPSET over this !I would like to start off with the fact that the sole reason I gave this rating is because our waitress was absolutely horrendous. It was a gorgeous Sunday morning/mid-afternoon, so my friends and I decided that we would sit outside to enjoy the nice weather (which was no problem, since they were having outside service). It took our waitress 10 minutes to come back to us after having sat us (didn't even bring us waters). After about a half hour or so, we finally placed our drink order (which included 2 bloody mary flights, and one of their other specialty cocktails). At the time, we also tried to place our brunch order (and luckily, it was restaurant week so we knew everything we wanted from start to finish), but she hastily said no, I can take your orders after the drinks come out. Needless to say, the drinks didn't come out for another 20ish minutes. After a while, our entire table was starting to become "hangry" that our waitress had yet to even come back to take our orders. once we finally got our orders in and our food, we immediately asked for the check to pay, knowing that we would not actually receive it for a while (which turned out to be a fantastic decision).
Food wise, everything I had was absolutely delicious, and I am very disappointed that such terrible service ruined what could have been a fantastic meal. I started off with the Potato Leek soup which was incredible! My friend and I shared our entrees (which was the strozzapretti and the italian eggs benedict) and both of us were impressed with the taste of the food. 
The bloody mary flights were also a great deal! It was $12 for 3 martini-style glasses filed to the brim with 3 different styles of bloody mary. One was their take on the classic BM which was fantastic. Second was their root-esque bloody maria - made from parsnip root juice, tequila, etc. which also came with an antipasto stick that had yummy pickled veggies/peppers. The third, which happened to be my absolute favorite component of the entire experience was their tomatillo bloody mary. HOLY COW was that delicious. 10/10 would recommend that if you like bloody mary's and/or salsa!.
Overall, my experience was mediocre solely due to our one waitress (the other wait staff was completely fine and prompt). Unfortunately, it was enough for me to not want to come back.Tough call on this one: Lebain's criticism that the chef makes dishes too sweet was right on. Against this one notices the considerable care devoted to meal preparation. In terms of service and atmosphere it's a mixed bag. Bar chairs nothing special, noise level quite high. But the televisions Lebain disliked are extremely easy on the eyes, contrast this with the TV's at the Loewe's restaurant Bank and Bourbon, which are viewable from only select seats. Prices extremely high for this location (I paid $100 for my solo dinner). I personally won't be back for a while because I hate sweetness in savory  dishes and it really was pervasive, and when I told the bartender/server about this she protested and pouted rather than acknowledge the problem.We have been to Palladino's both for brunch (about 6 times) and happy hour (3 times) and dinner once. Have always enjoyed each experience with respect to the dining atmosphere, the food and the service. We nearly always make a reservation and have never had a problem with being seated in a timely manner, though we rarely come on a Saturday night. 
There are some great staff members here and we are always quick to fall into a pleasant conversation. There is one runner/busser who is particularly friendly and always remembers ya. That makes each visit more special. 
The food is on point every visit and we have come here over 10 times. The TVs don't distract us at all and I think it's funny that it would affect someone's dining experience. But I guess they're different or are with different company than us. To each their own. 
Happy hour is a steal...so check it out!This was our first time here, and we will definitely be coming back soon.  Innovative without losing sight of true Italian flavors. Roasted duck sausage & grapes was great contrast of flavors--savory sausage against creamy polenta and the sweet fruit; the grilled radicchio & escarole was a different salad twist--crispy w/woody grilled flavor--excellent. We had heard the gnocchi was a standout, and it was--just the right texture to stand up against the chef's daily, rich beef sauce.  The veal chop was outstanding--a gorgeous cut of meat, cooked just right with good amount of wood grill flavor--a real cut above. The wild mushroom & sage sauce was a perfect set-off to the meat.  Also enjoyed a special grilled monk fish with fennel--did taste like lobster, as advertised, with pleasing grilled flavor and generous portion.  The potato gateau is another standout--unbelievably rich and creamy.  Wrapped it all up with homemade cannoli, with crispy shells and super creamy filling, dipped in real pistachios.  
Atmosphere had a cool vibe (sound level was fine on a Friday night).  Really impressed with the service.  The friendly, knowledgeable staff really took care of us, and the manager was checking in at the tables to make sure everything was right!I love what they have done with the building, especially the exterior.  As far as the interior, it is an oddly shaped building, but they have made it work and it is a cozy and charming space.  I went with a party of six and was able to try many of the dishes.  Unfortunately, the food is quite salty.  Some of the dishes hinted at greatness, like the porcini pappardelle but, overall, there was too much butter and salt for my taste.  And very expensive, since sides do not come with anything from the wood grill (you need to order a la carte).  Also, the wine pours were miniscule.  With so many BYOBs down the street with exquisite food, I doubt that I will be back.It was good. If I were on vacation and went here on vacation I'd be happy. Not sure I'd go back, it seemed a little try hard and unauthentic. Lots of older local people, I'm not sure it's going to attract the crowd its trying for. Our server was nice but average, had to ask for set ups, waited long for drink, and had to ask for bread.Along a street filled with tiny restaurants that excel at their craft, Palladino's just seems like it belongs in the burbs. It's large and the tie-clad waiters and plate covered walls were reminiscent of Olive Garden. Gasp, I said it. My first impression was none other than the OG. But OG meets... sports bar? What's with all the flat screens? I think it's having an identity crisis and Passyunk is filled with perfectly executed niche after perfectly executed niche.
As for the food, I had the Casonsei, a beet-filled, ravioli-like pasta, it was tasty and the portion was good. However, the butter sauce felt greasy and my mind kept wandering to certain-Italian restaurant across the street. No comparison. 
My fiancé split the 32 oz. porterhouse steak for 2 with a friend. Everyone's first thought? There is no way this steak was 32 oz. I'd give it about 20 oz. or edible meat. The steak came out pre-sliced but still strangely had a large bone in it. I think between the pre-slicing and the butcher's block serving plate, the steak cooled way too fast. 
I feel bad giving Palladino's 2 stars because in the 'burbs it would probably be shining star. However, Passyunk Avenue is foodie central and Palladino's just isn't up to par.My boyfriend and I wanted to check out East Passyunk and found Palladino's on opentable. We liked their menu and decided to give them a try. 
We arrived early to our reservation and decided to sit at the bar for a bit instead of going ahead and sitting down for dinner. It was a great idea on our part. The cocktails were really good and the bartender was very friendly.
When we actually sat down to dinner everything continued to go wonderfully! Both waiters that helped our table were very friendly and knowledgeable about the menu.
Our appetizers and pasta were great! Everything we ordered was delicious!
I thoroughly enjoyed my experience here and would not hesitate to recommend it! I will be back!!Great atmosphere. Came here after work, they do have happy hour. We ordered black spaghetti & veal chop for entree as entree, hmmm, it's ok. Desert is chocolate cake, taste ok as well.  Not surprise me. Waiters are very friendly. You may try this place. Maybe you'll find food is good for you.Amazing food and service great atmosphere dont go with having their TRUFFLED GRISSINI's!!now that's what i imagined south philly italian food might taste like!
We started with the calamari, and then had the gnocchi and the whole roasted fish in "crazy water".  Probably because it is crazy tasty.... Every dish was well cooked, presented, and served with a smile.  We came out of there rolling because we ate so much!  Maybe next time we'll just have the main dishes....
I would highly recommend this place to anyone who wants a great Italian meal.
Will most definitely return.The atmosphere is second to none in south Philly. The food was fantastic!!!!!! Highly recommended!!!The food was delicious. I wish the atmosphere was better. Massive TV screens everywhere you look, loud music, loud patrons ... Not what I'm looking for when I go out for a nice meal. Because of the food I'll give this three stars, otherwise it's not someplace I'd go back to.We were greated by very pleasant staff.
The wait staff was very attentive and knowledgeable, Al the maitre de and Vinny the General Manager  ensured every one of our needs were met.
The food was phenomenal Chef Luke was spot on.
If you looking for a nice Italian meal in South Philly, give Palladino's a play!
You will not be disappointed.I couldn't wait to get to Palladino's after it opened!  My fiance and I finally went on Valentine's Day and we loved everything about it! We sat at the bar while we waited and ordered a drink.  The bar is pretty large for the size of the restaurant.  We ordered the Truffle arrancini, the truffled grissini, the porcini pappardelle, the special- the lobster Capellacci, and the apple strudel for dessert.  Everything was delicious!!!  Palladiino's is Italian with a little flare.  It isn't too fancy.  We left and said that we need to bring our friends here. We are excited to try Palladino's other restaurant near the shore!!  Highly recommend Palladino's!!We're to start! We thought we would just have a drink and an app but then we stayed all night. We started with a great wine list, and the Focaccia Di Recco a flat bread stuffed with stracchino cheese was the best flat bread I ever had. The owner first had it in Italy and brought it back to Philly and it's been voted #1, 2 years in a row. So we stayed for dinner. The hand rolled pastas (got 1/2 portion) just wonderful. The veal chop and the daily butcher cut steak melts in your mouth. To finish the night, Kristin, recommended the toasted cocoanut gelato, best gelato in Philly! We'll be back!For the past year and a half that I've been living just 6 blocks from this location, I've been wondering when someone was going to swoop in and renovate great building with the retro vertical sign and awesome location around Broad & Passyunk, so I was super excited to see Luke Palladino take that opportunity. East Passyunk Restaurant week presented a great opportunity to check this place out with friends.
We made a reservation for 10pm since I wanted just a few days prior to book a table for 4. no big deal- we like a European dinner. Upon walking in, the ambiance was very nice and it was clear why the reservations were limited- there are only about 15 tables, making this building quite deceiving from the outside. They have an open kitchen concept which I LOVED. Hostesses were very friendly and helpful and despite a full house we only waited about 10 minutes and were seated before our reservation time.
Upon sitting down we did remark on the confused theme of the place- definitely fine dining, but the strange techno music playing from the speakers with landscapes of Italy shown on the bar TVs was odd. There were speakers installed above nearly every single table- my guess is to drown out the sound of the kitchen and adjacent tables' conversations, which it smart. The music was; however, too loud and not really conducive to the environment. There appeared to be 2 floor managers, 2-3 hostesses, 1 gentlemen presenting the bottles of wine, a bread/water server, and 3-4 main servers, which seemed a little excessive for the number of tables (but hey, it's a new place and a hectic week). The layout of the tables was comfortable for guests but tight for the staff- including our server who had to circle around 2 tables to get to the other side of us. 
Anyway, getting to the food... I ordered Truffled Grissini, the Fish of the Day (swordfish), and tiramisu. At the table I also got to sample friends' dishes- Calamari, spaghetti with clams, and rigatoni. We got a bottle of house Cab that was wonderful- someone is clearly choosing the wine carefully. The appetizers were only okay. Calamari seemed only moderately fresh, but perfectly lightly battered. The real deal breaker there was the "aoli", which tasted to us like a straight bowl of Hellman's with some indistinguishable herbs mixed in. Although I love a good aoli, I think they would have knocked it out of the park with some marinara instead, since they seem to do that well. The Trissini was amazing- the texture of the crunchy breadstick with the silky truffle butter and flavorful prosciutto was really nice. The grated parmigiano described on the menu seemed to be missing, though. 
When it came time for our main course, only 3 plates came out- and a few minutes passed before our server asked if I'd gotten my meal yet. After some pretty clear confusion between our server, a manager, and the chef, she apologized for the mistake and promised to rectify it quickly- super professional. They did bring my meal out incredibly quickly considering I was pretty confident that they'd forgotten to ring it in. When the manager brought my plate out he also apologized to me, and then threw the server under the bus in a rather patronizing manner in stating that "Jane had made a little mistake" (not her actual name- would hate for another diner to judge her based on this review- she was a terrific server). That made me uncomfortable, I could have done without the excuse or blame factor. But regardless- the dish was delicious. The fish was perfectly cooked with a great crispy sear on the outside. The veggie ragu on top as well as the roasted onions underneath were perfect accompaniments. They did some magic with the onion wedges that I think were roasted, I can't quite describe how good they were. I can't be a fair judge on the other dishes, but the clams were fresh and the pasta was cooked well. Everyone seemed to enjoy. Finally, my Tiramisu was heavenly. clearly made in house and the flavors were balanced perfectly. 
Overall, the service was quick, friendly, and professional. The food was impressive, and I'd love to give some of the other apps a chance. I'm giving 3 stars because I'd like to see fewer cooks in the kitchen, so to speak, given the hectic, crowded environment around us. Again, they have to work on making everything a little more cohesive. I couldn't decided if this place will evolve into a really awesome neighborhood restaurant with a more casual feel (I hope so!!!) OR work on their plating and service in order to justify the upscale feel they're going for. Either way- they have to do something about that music. 
Wouldn't necessarily recommend at this point, but might try again.Amazing atmosphere, and most importantly unbelievable food.  Highly recommend the focaccia dish and the burger.  Best burger in the city.I tried out the gnocchi: they were okay in my opinion. But the service was friendly and they were super nice to explain down the menu for me which Is a plus!I recently bought a house in the area and my friend suggested Palladino's! I was highly impressed with their service, most especially- Dimitri, Greg & our bartender, Will. They continuously checked up on us and explained each entree as each came out. I was so impressed that I called my Friend to meet me - will also be planning my Mom's Birthday Brunch. BTW- Coffee Lovers... the AFFOGATO, recommended by Dimitri was excellent! Kudos to Chef/Owner Luke Palladino and you're amazing staff for an amazing experience!I came here this past Sunday for brunch/breakfast. 
We were impressed by the service, our waiter was very very friendly and attentive.
I had the Italian eggs Benedict very interesting take on this dish, it had a very creamy hollandaise sauce and the prosciutto was buttery good
My friend had the asparagus in bed, he loved it. 
The coffee was Amazing! Served in very quirky and unique cups. We sat outside and since it was a gorgeous day, we had a wonderful time. I'm sure it's also great for dinner
Definitely coming back for more...Enjoyed Palladino's this weekend. Hostess, bartenders and waiter all friendly and incredibly helpful. The bar has a great selection and reasonably priced, delicious cocktails. The food portions were a little on the small side, but it is expected considering the quality. I was not overly impressed by my selection, the carbonara. It lacked exciting flavor, though the pasta itself was perfectly cooked and so obviously hand made which I did enjoy. I wish I would have taken the waiter's suggestion of the lamb chops. I am more than certain I'll have another experience here to try them or another dish. Great addition to the neighborhood.Last night was our second time eating at Palladino's. I was already lukewarm on this place, but I thought we should give it another try. 
The food was mostly bland and under seasoned. We started with the cauliflower agro dolce and the sausage polenta pasticciata. The cauliflower was just so sweet, none of the other flavors came through. The polenta had no flavor at all, needed a ton of salt, and was really overwhelmed by a bunch of melted cheese (I guess if you put a bowl of hot, gooey, cheesy stuff in front of most idiots they'll be like "ermahgerd cheeeez!"). Next we had the strozzapreti with beef cheek ragu and the duck saltimbocca. The ragu itself was delicious, but the pasta was really dry, no sauce at all (just a chunk of beef cheek on top of the pasta), but still, the best dish of the night. The duck tasted like jerky on top of the same boring polenta described above. The desserts were pretty basic (definitely not Marcy's budino), but decent.
Our server was kind and attentive, but the whole experience was very rushed. The entire waitstaff looked like a bunch of chickens running around with their heads cut off. We got our bill unprompted while we were still eating. I felt like an angry mob of hungry idiots was staring us down, waiting for us to clear the table.
How rude. Shoulda stayed home to watch Fuller House.So I have to admit that I was a little skeptical when Palladino's opened but then I met Chef Palladino at Philly Cooks and tried some of what he had to offer and was blown away. Since then I have been trying to make it to Palladino's. We had dinner plans with friends and decided this was the night. We had an early reservation so that we could hit Le Bok Fin down the street afterwards. The space is very nice and inviting, for some reason I thought it would be bigger but that is not a negative just an observation. The servers, bartenders, and hostesses were all very friendly, personable, and entertaining. We all enjoyed some cocktails and then started to order. The heirloom salad, the arancini, the fried calamari, and the truffled grissini were all ordered as apps. The grissini are super awesome, they are breadsticks with truffle butter and then wrapped with prosciutto, I mean come on, seriously?! For entrees we went with the gnocchi special, the pasta with softshell crab sauce, the bistecca fiorentina with a side of corngasm and a 1/2 order of the black spaghetti. The pastas here absolutely rock, they are awesome, love them and I want to come back and just do pasta next time. The steak was ridiculous, great char, cooked perfectly medium rare, and they gave us the bone to gnaw on which is probably my favorite thing. Somehow through all this food we saved room for dessert, the flourless chocolate cake, the zeppoli, and the affogato were all outstanding. The affogato was a souped-up version of ones that I have had before, definitely get this while you are there. All in all after going to Palladino's I am just super upset that it isn't closer. This is a quality addition to the dining scene here in Philly and another great addition to Passyunk Ave.Allow me to preface my review by challenging all the foodies out there to make a trip to this fine GEM and I can promise you that ANYTHING you order off the menu will blow the tastebuds of any epicurean out there! In 5 words, "you will NOT be disappointed".
However a statement above is a sweeping statement and is annoying if you asked me because it equates to going to a restaurant and asking the server "what is good on the menu?" only to hear him or her say "EVERYTHING". That's not helpful at all. 
With every establishment, I find dining to be an experience! It doesn't have to be fancy but all the elements of eating out should come together especially if you've chosen to share a meal with a special someone or just a group of your best friends. Palladinos brings dining to life when it comes to its top notch customer service, excellent creative menu choice and attention to detail.
First off, the bartender was very attentive with my very simple drink and took the time to make sure I was taken care of throughout the entire meal along with my girlfriends. We ordered a little bit of everything but I will def have to recommend my top 4 choices below. 
Oh before I go further, the zucchini bread which they served with house churned butter simply melts in your mouth before any meal.
I have to say that my absolute favorite is palladino's take on the Italian eggs Benedict! Unlike your pretty heavy eggs Benedict, this foodie fav had freshly toasted bruschetta crowned with perfectly poached eggs topped with creamed Swiss chard, prosciutto and roasted tomato hollandaise! Perfect! Just absolutely perfect! I have found some eggs Benedict places to serve hollandaise on the saltier side but this dish is a MUST TRY!
And then there was the WTF waffle, just wait till you see the photos. Atop this perfectly crusted waffle (with a warm fluffy inside) was a crowning glory of Kobe skirt steak, grilled ham, fried egg, seared foie gras and a glorious maple mustard glaze! Talk about #partyinyourmouth!!
My girlfriends also had the heirloom tomato insalata which featured a rainbow tomato platter with pulled stracciatella cheese, basil and mint! And the caramelized balsamic vinaigrette brought all the tart, sweet and savory flavors in perfect harmony.
For those omelette lovers out there, their frittata will be a treat to your morning. Perfectly cooked with no burnt edges and a moist warm fluffy inside, this egg delight pockets some of nature's most colorful and fragrant treasures sweet corn, toasted zucchini, sweet grape tomatoes and basil. What's an omelette without cheese! Crecenza cheese!
As if we didn't have a wonderful sampling of the menu, this dining experience of ours (this was brunch btw) was gracefully complimented with a classy flight of champagne since it was my best friend, Larissa's birthday. This meal would not be complete if you made it this far without meeting the inviting and hospitable nature of palladino's manager. Al is his name. He TRULY MADE every aspect of this meal perfect for the birthday girl, Larissa and us of course! A foodie himself, he appreciates excellent customer service when it comes to dining! Our bartender was witty and attentive, but for the life of me, I can't remember his name!!! So thank you Mr. bartender!
If you're asking if I was paid to write this review, the answer is absolutely NO! I recommend this place with the intent of sharing an epic foodie experience to all the foodies out there. So what are you waiting for? Get yourself down to the Passyunk area today and you will NOT be disappointed at Palladinos! 
Oh there's this cute little magical ball by the entrance to the restrooms :)Finally got to Palladino's.  We love it when new restaurants open in the neighborhood.  It's an opportunity to drop in, sit at the bar, and sample a range of appetizers...which is what we did.  Everything was OK to good.  Nothing too exciting.  Liked the cauliflower fritti and the gnocchi.  Also had the crespelle and one of the flatbreads.  Luke was there and seems to have a nice presence.  We both felt that the outside tables, once the weather improves, will add a needed presence.  Right now, this restaurant feels out-of-place.  More Jersey than Philly.  The flat screens are a major turn-off, esp the one in the dining room.  No romantic dinner with that giant thing on the wall.  And the noise level was loud and louder.  They shd do something to calm it down a little.  So, overall, OK.  Would come back once they have outside dining.A perfect meal. Complicated, gorgeous dishes. We will return because the food is memorable. The wait staff are attentive and professional.  Love this place!If you ever wanted to give a better review than you are actually giving, this would be one of them. It is hard to give more than 3 stars since numerous areas in need of improvement but we could see the potential. Had a good feeling while dining. Unfortunately we were greeted by a young hostess who froze when she could not find our reservation. Fortunately, the maître d' took over and made everything work. The food was acceptable but nothing exceptional although very reasonable, including the wine by the glass. A 15oz. rib eye from their butcher's cut seemed to be a bargain at $38. Our fish and pasta were again, acceptable but could have been warmer and lacked seasoning. The service was rough, we waited a long time for all courses. Being Christmas Eve and only opened a week, we're chalking it up to them being overwhelmed. We will definitely go back, a cool place.Amazing meal. Stellar service. Server was knowledgeable about the menu and successfully suggested wines to pair with our courses. We will return.Since my review below, the manager contacted me and that alone shows dedication to improving their brand and appreciating their customers review. They're a new restaurant here in Philly and they will get a variety of reviews after all we are very opinionated and love our food in this city. Just for that, I'm looking forward to my return and trying out other items on the menu specially the burger.
I was super excited for this establishment and it's only a few blocks away from my house. We went on a Friday night with reservation for two, we were immediately seated. The staffs were friendly and warm but some definitely had that South Philly mentality. It's beautiful inside except for the flat screen TV's the replays the beauty of Italy "tour" video and it was very loud and crowded. They stuffed as many patrons as they could in that small dining area. The wait staff had to wait to deliver food to customers seated at the back should anyone had to get up to use the restroom. You had staff and patrons bumping into tables, shoulders, chairs and so on. 
Another reason we came was to try the burger that was raved all over the internet. I get it; we sat in the dining room and not the bar. The burger was on the bar menu for $16.00 but you had entree items on the regular menu for as little as $18 and you even offered pizza. My partner wanted the burger and we were told NO. That is a huge mistake! Never did it ever say that you cannot order bar food in the dining room area which was less than 10 feet away! We were not here to eat cheap! We ordered drinks, 2 appetizers, and 2 entrees and would have gotten desserts but that put a bad taste in our experience. 
We ordered the breadsticks, it was delicious but the presentation was just obnoxious especially in that tightly cramped space. The calamari was good and cooked well. I ordered the Gnocchi which I could tell was homemade, it was delicious but I wanted some meat, maybe a meatball on the side would have been a good side to add. My partner ordered Porcini Pappardelle, the pasta was great but he felt that something was missing. I'm not saying that we will not go back because we still want to try the burger and other items we saw on the menu. 
I do feel that if  customer wants an item in your bar menu that you offer and it does not clearly state in writing that you cannot order this in the dining room then you should make your customer happy. Is it the $2 difference in price from your lowest pasta entree in the dinner menu that you chose to not provide the burger? People were eating focaccia and flatbreads around us, also priced at $14 and $16.We went for brunch during restaurant week and it great.  Our server James was the best.  He was attentive but not intrusive and very funny!  Food was good but tables are rather close together which can be a little unnerving.  Will def. go back.Ate there last Wednesday - and it was very good
  We had a delicious flatbread and some fabulous heirloom tomatoes.  The wives had the softshell crab ragu and the men had the veal chops.  We finished off a nice bottle of wine and had no room left for dessert.  Service, food preparation, delivery, and attention by the waite staff tells me this is a solid, well-run restaurant.  The owner even stopped by to welcome us and introduce himself - a nice touch.  I'll definitely return.We had a great dinner here last Sunday evening. The host showed us to our table immediately. It was small but comfy.The drinks were well-made and generous. For a first, I had octopus- warm, very delicious garnishes, bigger-than-most serving. He had an asparagus flan garnished with egg salad and shaved asparagus. Also very good. Then we shared a Bistecca alla Fiorentina. It came out perfectly grilled exactly the way we wanted it, and with a nice char on the outside. We got a potato gratin- wasn't crazy about the pancetta in it, but it was very good anyway. And we also got a swiss chard gratin to get some greens going. The waiter, David, was new but very helpful, accurate and charming. When it was time to leave, the chef was showing my husband their amazing wood-fired grill.Come for the T-Bone (for 2), presented beautifully. Very good - not astonishing - and overshadowed by fabulous brussels sprouts and creamy kale sides. The restaurant itself: unattractive, clunky, w/boxy tables in a jumbled, uncomfortable bar area. Servers (there are plenty of 'em) squeeze thru a crowded, slapdash dining room. Wall coverings (the color of folding hotel ballroom dividers) are gloomy, to say it plainly. It's all sad and square-angled; round edges and happier hues would be welcome. Huge TVs (inappropriate in any restaurant w/such prices) glare at us with moving images of beautiful Italian scenery. We wish we were there instead.I have eaten at Paladino's since my mediocre review and I think it is much better than I characterized it as. Dishes are no longer monotonously sweet the menu seemed somewhat expanded and it seems a much more worthwhile destination. The prices are still horrific especially for the location and overall comfort of the establishment. Way higher than "moderately expensive".We came here for some cocktails. The bartender who was serving as was were knowledgable and helped us pick a drink. He was having a conversation with us here and there. I didn't like the drink I got but I loved the drink my boyfriend got. (I forgot the name of the drinks :( 
I would come here again for dinner as the pictures of the food looks delicious.The best steak I've had in my life!!! Service was great. Side dishes were awesome!  Def going back....SOON!!If you look at the pattern of reviews they seem to decline the longer the restaurant is open. I hypothesize that the chef was probably present around the time of opening and then faded away to open a lame, casino style steakhouse at the Valley Forge casino? Google.
Oysters casino were fine. The $80 Bistecca for 2 was just OK. Under seasoned and didn't have the flavor of the wood fired grill they have on site. Came with bland fingerling potatoes. Wine list is way overpriced as well.
Then there was the $9 side of Brussels sprouts with balsamic and sage. No discernible balsamic or sage. Just greasy, deep fried, almost burnt sprout leaves on a plate. $9? Yeah. They were terrible. 
The saving grace that warranted 2 stars was the bar/ bartender. Totally overpriced drinks ($13-14?? $10-12 is way more reasonable) but he doesn't set the prices. But. He was really friendly, made an off-the-cuff cocktail for me and dominated the menu cocktails for the wife. 
Pretentious dining blows. Wanna be pretentious dining is a million times worse. I can see why this wanna be place is almost empty at 8:00 on a Friday.This is a stylish Italian restaurant with an unusual menu.  I ordered the sweet and sour butternut squash and porcini pappardelle.  The sauces in both dishes overwhelmed the main ingredients.  Butternut squash tasted like slivers of candied apricots.  Too sickening sweet to finish.  The pappardelle was drowning in oxtail ragu that gave it a blackened appearance and greasy flavor.  Instead of enhancing the taste of the pasta  the sauce gave it a look and flavor that were not at all appealing.  The place was crowded and loud.  The wait staff was efficient.My fiancé and I went out to Palladino's to celebrate our anniversary and completing grad school, so we were in good spirits before we even started our meal. We ordered the mushroom crespelle and pizza ya flatbread to start. While the crespelle was excellent- nothing overshadowed the flat bread. It was so light and amazing! The flavors were spot on. The flat bread is actually pretty big but very light. For our entrees, my fiancé got the Kobe filet and I got the chicken wrapped in pancetta. My fiancé's steak was great where my chicken was OK only. You could tell it had been sitting under the heatlamp too long which is one of my biggest pet peeves and it totally grosses me out. I didn't finish the chicken because of that, but the flavors were good. We tried the potato gateau on the side which was excellent and we ordered the onion rings which were OK only.
Our server, Kristen, was excellent. Attentive but didn't smother us which was great and impressive since she had gotten double sat.
So, I would have given Palladino's 5 starts if it wasn't so overpriced for what it was. When you're asking the money Palladino's is- everything better be exceptional and I felt that the flat bread was the star of the whole meal which is a little disappointing. So, generally it was an above average meal and was very good, but there is some room for improvement.Hands down, this is my favorite restaurant in the city. Excellent food, great drinks & always friendly and efficient service -every time. Can't wait to go back!