This place is what Mexican street food really is all about. Run by a really nice couple from Puebla, and named after their son. Way better than the fancier Mexican places around.This place is an absolute gem! Small little hole in the wall with like 10 seats total and a small menu but the food was amazing. Great price, great service  and great quality . 10/10 recommend.Fast, delicious and authentic! I had the chicken burrito and my boyfriend got the Torta, both of them were really good. The seating area/counter is pretty bare bones, so if ambiance is a high priority for you, just get carry out/delivery. If you do decide to eat in, the owners are very nice and conversational. We will be back!Tacos de Pescado, de Camaron Excelente, Quesadillas, los tacos de Carnitas tambien buenisimos..If you're looking for tacos and burritos, this is the spot. Some of the best Mexican food I've found in fishtown/nolibs/kensington. The torta is about as big as your head. I love the enchiladas. Located in Paesano's old spot on Girard Ave, with the exact same layout. Run by a sweet young couple. Go eat here!Great little place, good Mexican breakfast, good guac, small quesadillas but tasty. AMAZING fresh orange juice, unexpected and $5 but totally worth it.This spot is legit. The al pastor tacos we're moist and flavorful. Probably the best Mexican outside of South Philly. I much prefer it to Que Chula and Taco Riendo.This is a great spot to grab a quick meal, eat in or takeout. Stopped in for dinner one night with a friend, had the tacos al pastor. Pretty tasty! They also serve breakfast. This is the old Paesano's, so it is a fairly small location but, it's nice to see them actually cooking your food.  The woman behind the counter was so friendly. She gave us a gordita on the house, it was absolutely delicious!!!  She let us know that on the weekends they have specials that all sounded amazing!  Pozole being one of them!  Can't wait to check them out again!I don't know why this place has so many 5 star reviews but here I am giving a one star review. The waiter gave us the wrong drinks and wrong tacos, neither the tacos or guacamole is impressive, they are just okay...the bill came down to $40+ which is expensive for a meal that is just okay, it's like eating at a food truck...wouldn't not recommend this place for tacos or guacamole, if you have $40 in your pocket go try someplace else, this one can be a pass.This place is a really good bang for your buck. We had the tortas and burrito for dinner and were really pleased. The service was great. We can't wait to come back for breakfast!Legit tacos. Nothing too fancy, just good, traditional Mexican tacos. 3 decent sized tacos will run you about $7. This place will give Heffe a run for its money.I was skeptical about the previous 5-star reviews -- living out West made me a burrito snob, too -- but this place is great! The burrito was everything you'd want from a mexi-cali burrito shack out West. Definitely coming back again and again, as there really isn't anything else like this in Philly.My boyfriend and I ate dinner here and it's one of the best Mexican places we've been to on all of the east coast. We got a steak enchilada and the tacos especial (chorizo, al pastor, & fish). They were AMAZING. They cooked all the food right in front of us and make the most delicious sauces, slaw, and meats. The enchilada had a delicious red sauce and the steak was nicely grilled. The fish taco tasted smoky, like fresh off the grill. And the chorizo & al pastor tacos were seasoned perfectly. I would highly recommend all of it!These are the real deal. Wonderful tacos and great service. They just offered me a free taco and I had to turn it down b/c I'm so (happily) full.This place is amazing.  Smaller (5-11 people max). The food and music are very authentic and absolutely delicious. I recommend getting there at least 10-15 minutes ahead of time (could wait outside depending on crowd) and plan on enjoying yourself. The homemade salsa verde is fantastic and I recommend trying their original sauces.  Very different from Sancho Pistola's and worth the wait.   Fantastic.Pancho's is my favorite Mexican spot in the city. I love watching while they cook our meals. They prepare everything so quickly, it is also a great option for take out.They don't offer a lot of items on the menu but what they have is done well. Definitely our go to Mex take out. And If you like spicy, ask for their home made crushed chili and peanut (?) mix. Great to sprinkle over tacos.I moved to Philly from California and have missed my burrito shops on every corner. I'm a bit of a snob when it comes to burritos and have been disappointed by the other options in the area... nothing was more than okay. But Pancho's is more than okay: it is fantastic.
I was surprised when I peaked in the other day and found that someone new had taken over Paesano's old hole-in-the-wall shop. On my way home from the MFL I decided to stop in and grab a burrito for dinner. It was so great that I came back the next day. And then again.
There is nothing that I *wouldn't* recommend here.
- The burritos are like two burritos big. Definitely worth more than you're paying
- The tamales are a treat with a very nice fresh masa (corn) flavor. Not at all dry, they are perfect. There are a few different fillings, but I particularly liked the rabbit one and the pepper/cheese one.
- Lamb tacos were amazing. I don't know if these are always on the menu or if they were a special? But I would have them again in a heartbeat.
Even better, they are open late (as opposed to next-door Paesano's business plan of "people don't eat dinner"). And everyone who works there is so friendly! It feels like you have entered the home of your long-time neighbor.
Man now I am hungry again. I think I'm going to get some tacos...Some of if not the best Mexican in Northern Liberties for half the price you'd pay elsewhere. Enchiladas were great. Chicken pork steak tacos we're unreal.Best Mexican spot in the area! The guacamole is fresh and delicious, the food is freshly prepared, the portions are generous, and the people there are incredibly warm. This is now our only choice when we crave Mexican goodness.Pancho's Torta and Enchiladas were excellent. Looking forward to gong back and trying everything else. Best Mexican I've had in the city!I was consider myself a taco connoisseur and this place has the best tacos I've ever eaten in my life. Absolutely delicious. 11/10 would recommend. 
Small little place but good energy and vibes. Tell all your friends to goThank god a decent taco place has arrived in Philadelphia, and best of all it's in my neighborhood! The best taqueria is the one that keeps it simple but fresh. Pancho's hits the mark! Also they don't charge outrageous prices like some others in the area. The house made horchata is the icing on the cake.Very good authentic Mexican food. I got the huevos with green sauce and my husband got chilaquilles with red. Both were delicious. Very casual atmosphere served lunch counter style.I love Panchos. Perfect little spot to get some authentic Mexican food. The people who work here are always kind and attentive. The quality of the food is always great and delicious. Definitely check it out! And if you want dessert, order the Tres Leches cake, its unbelievable.Very simple, but delicious authentic tacos. I really enjoy the flavors and for the price the tacos are fantastic! My only issue is that they don't put pineapple on the Al pastor and don't have lengua on the menu which I really think every taqueria needs. Otherwise a great spot to grab dinner!Delicious!  Everything is so flavorful, portions are large and the prices can't be beat.  I can't wait to order from here again.Moved to Philly from Texas about two years ago and have been on the search for decent Tex Mex/Mexican food ever since. This place is beyond decent - it's amazing! 
Don't spend your time and money at the El Vez's of Philadelphia, if you want authentic and affordable - this is it. Ordered the enchiladas, came with 3 along with rice and beans (that's when you know it's real, it is RARE in Philly to find a place where rice and beans are included in the meal, usually need to order a $3 side of each). We also ordered the steak tacos - meat was seasoned perfectly and came with onions and cilantro. 
Not realizing how much we were in for, we also got a generous side if chips and guac, couldn't even finish the entire meal we were so full and satisfied. 
Super friendly staff - I will definitely be going back to check out the breakfast.Checked this place out on the second day they were open and the fish tacos were pretty darn perfect. There are a lot of expensive taco places in the area, but the price here was great. They didn't have a full menu to give out when I visited, but the staff were really friendly and gave us a bunch of options. Looking forward to going back!The chicken quesadilla and lamb tacos were amazing. The chef was quick and nice and gave us a complementary bowl of lamb soup that was delicious. We will definitely be back!! And the food was affordable.Terrific! Pancho's Cafe is new in Northern Liberties....in the old Paesanos spot. It is named after the chef's 7 month old son. 
I went looking for a fish taco but the owner and the chef recommended the Adobo and Rabbit Special. While I waited I was treated to the best tamale I've ever had with a chicken and chile filling. I took the rabbit to go and it was delicious too. Covered in spicy red adobo with beans and rice. Also good Tres Leches!!!!Tacos are always good. Chicken is seasoned well and the toppings are so simple but so good. Inexpensive, filling, and tasty.I'm a fan! Good food, consistent experience and a friendly staff!Delicious and extremely flavorful. My favorite spot for Mexican. I typically get chorizo tacos and my boyfriend the panchos torta. Both amazing. Great service, super kind and quick. Love itCame by this local spot for a quick dinner. There are seating, but it's more of a grab and go place. I had the fish tacos, special steak taco, and tres leches cake. You can mix and match the meats for your order of tacos but not for the fish and shrimp. I would definitely recommend getting your tacos the "special" way, which means added lettuce, pico, sour cream, and cheese. It makes the taco bite much more tasty. I ended my meal with the tres leches cake. It did not have the best aesthetics but it was the perfect sweetness level for me (I prefer not too sweet).Tiny but spotless clean diner-ish taco joint that I go out of my way to visit. Best tacos I've had in the city. The two people running the place are very nice and attentive without being intrusive and it's worth it just see them making your food in front of you. Even the mango aqua fresca is made to order.
They seem to make everything in house and their salsas are simple but complement the food well. If you're in Northern Liberties or Fishtown and like Mexican check them out.I'd probably go 3.5 but it is pretty good. I was told that you can't mix tacos (all have to be the same) and yet the reviews here show that they do mix them. A little bit of fat on the pork taco but overall pretty good. $6.00 for a side of guacamole- maybe if you make it fresh tableside LOL! Tostados were crunchy and excellent.We just had Yelp delivery from here and count us as impressed!   The guacamole needed a bit more salt but after we added that it was excellent.  The we also tried quesadillas, enchiladas and tacos.  Each was very tasty and authentic, rather than the gobbed up with cheese and sour cream Tex-Mex' crap often found around here. A real find!I accidentally ended up at Pancho's. A small authentic restaurant with bar-facing kitchen seating of only about 6-8 seats. I had a chicken burrito with a chipotle sauce *prayer hand emoji* it was so good! Washed down with a Jarritos. It felt like a homemade meal. They're fast but fresh and you can't help to watch what else they prepare. I wish I would've gotten an agua fresca, I saw him make one for someone else and knew I had to return. Just skip all the other pop taco spots in fishtown and come here.Delicious! And a great portion for the price. Everything I got was freshly made (even though I went within the last 5 minutes of closing--most places would turn customers away!) right in front of me. I got fish tacos and nachos. Both were amazing and I could taste the quality of the ingredients. I 100% recommend and will return!Fun place to eat with friends. Food is delicious and so are the drinks. I can't remember what I've eaten here because I'm usually drunk by then.  the wings, the fries, the nachos. It's all good.Came in here the other night with 3 of my friends. They were incredibly friendly and quick! We were so excited to eat our burritos but on the walk home my friend Will dropped one of them and it rolled into Girard ave .. we were devastated. When we got home, we split the rest of the order and let me tell you it was DELICIOUS , so happy we found this little gem of a place! Next time I come, I won't trust Will with carrying the food.. would not want another burrito funeral. Thank you Pancho's Cafe for a great late night meal, we will be back :)
...just not with Will.7/17/18 around 7:00 pm for dinner...
Small, "no frills;" seating at the counter right where the cooking is done. Very casual and comfortable. Woman who prepared our food was very friendly and accommodating (should have gotten her name). Breakfast all day! Prices are exceedingly fair considering the portions and the quality ($10 for my three-egg huevos rancheros, $10 for my friend's substantial veggie burrito); food was tasty and satisfying, and did not take long to be served. 
So, based on this inaugural eating experience (to be enthusiastically proven by future visits)... 
The type of restaurant that serves a reliably decent meal, for a reasonable price; one could sit and have a quick meal (but could hang around and be comfortable) or order takeout and be on their way without much of a wait.Amazing food, amazing prices, they cook right in front of you so it's super fresh and authentic - and they are soooo sweetFrom the service to the flavors, one word sums this spot up: authentic. The portions are generous, the prices are perfect, and the couple who runs the joint couldn't be friendlier.Enchiladas among the best I've ever had. Also had the Huevos Rancheros which were incredible. Huge portions and fresh ingredients. Also everyone who works there is so friendly. Very lucky this place is right around the corner!The food is soo good, i got the tacos they were delicious! i would say best tacos ive had around! She made it all right infront of me, i ate in and it was a very chill vibe. The women was soo sweet and the food didnt take long at all!!!! I will definitely be back for the tacos and also will be trying out the rest of the menu!! i highly recommend this place to anyone who wants good real mexican food.The Tacos Al Pastor are amazing. This place is a great little spot for Mexican style breakfast, as well as lunch and dinner. Fishtown needed this place!
Friendly and best Mexican coffee around!
Oh, and very good hours (open late!)How does this place get so many stars?!?!
I ordered delivery from grubhub. The delivery person refused to come up to my floor bc she said " everyone comes down". I ordered nachos, tacos, pico de Gallo and 2 sour creams. The tacos and nachos were horrible. The nacho chips tasted like they were fried in very old oil. They forgot the sour cream and pico de Gallo had mushy tomatoes. YuckThis is THE hole in the wall that you've been looking for! Hands down the best Mexican in the city. Juana and the staff treat everyone like family and put so much love into everything!My boyfriend & I ordered the quesadilla with chorizo, it came with a simple salad (shredded lettuce, diced ripe tomatoes and chopped cilantro) and a hot salsa verde. It was AMAZING! The salad itself was so fresh and crisp, the cilantro took it over the top with a clean bright flavor. The quesadillas were PERFECTLY prepared and full of flavor and melted cheese, and the salsa verde was spicy but overly hot. The staff were very accommodating and super friendly. We dined outdoors, and we observed how everything was very clean. MOST DEFINITELY WILL HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!Update: I've now been here more times than I can count and I have yet to be disappointed. I'm addicted to the shrimp tacos. 
The chicken quesadilla and lamb tacos were amazing. The chef was quick and nice and gave us a complementary bowl of lamb soup that was delicious. We will definitely be back!! And the food is very affordable and generous servings.Top notch Al Pastor Burrito! A bit pricy but for the size, we'll worth it. Hot Sauce on the outside looks lovely but begs you to go with the fork and spoon method. Personally, I prefer burritos wrapped in wax paper/ foil so it's way easier to get to every last bite. Def recommend giving it a shot. Might try other items soon but the Al Pastor is def my go to!Amazing service. Great people. Definitely an up and coming Mexican joint. You will for sure be pleased.Top notch Al Pastor Burrito! A bit pricy but for the size, we'll worth it. Hot Sauce on the outside looks lovely but begs you to go with the fork and spoon method. Personally, I prefer burritos wrapped in wax paper/ foil so it's way easier to get to every last bite. Def recommend giving it a shot. Might try other items soon but the Al Pastor is def my go 
March 9th -Update- Al Pastor (pork and pineapple bits) looks to be off the menu. I went for steak this time around.Warning: this is probably going to be a very stereotypical review by a former Californian.  Growing up in San Diego, I grew up around amazing Mexican food (Mexi-Cali) and it was one of my easy go-tos when I didn't know what I wanted to eat.  Going to the east coast, I was told that I should brace myself to not have anything on par with the food from my home state.  I tried a few "Mexican"-themed restaurants in the NoLibs/Fishtown area and they were decent but nothing very authentic.  However, a coworker recommended Panchos and so I gave it a try.  The place is pretty small and it seems to be a true mom and pop restaurant.  There isn't a lot of seating but it adds to the cozy ambience of the place.  I ordered their tacos and immediately felt like I was back in my hometown!  This place caters to the area that it's in (i.e. vegetarians/vegans/etc) but their menu has a couple of gems for people looking for amazingly tasty, authentic Mexican cuisine.  I think they also have a food trunk (but I can't confirm that).  I will definitely be coming back here when I want to feel nostalgic and have a feeling of being in my hometown.The chicken tacos were fine though not super flavorful and the chips weren't my favorite. I wouldn't crave them but would be okay ending up here again. Workers seemed nice!Amazing small business and very friendly staff. The food is so so good as well. 10/10 recommend it if you're near Fishtown or Northern Liberties and craving delicious Tacos or Burritos. The burrito I had with salsa verde was so packed with flavor and fresh ingredients.Very authentic Mexican plain and simple. You're coming here for the great food. Small spot which adds to the character--your food is cooked within feet of you. Juana & the others are so friendly which makes you want to keep coming back.  Al pastor is incredible and alambre especiale is best bang for your buck. Sometimes they'll have items not on the menu which always end up being my selection. 
My only issue is that if your menu item does not come with rice or beans, it's $10 to add them ($5 each side). Rice & beans should be together and cost around $5 total. Would like to see them combine them on the sides menu to fix this as it makes the overall bill much higher than you anticipate while eating.Great Mexican food in the Fishtown area! I got the al pastor burrito, with the spicy green sauce on top, and it did not disappoint! It had great flavor, and just the right amount of spice!  My fiancé got the Bistec A La Mexicana, which was basically a build-your-own steak fajita dish with rice and beans, and she was also very impressed! Definitely our go-to Mexican restaurant in the area.  They're open late, and they have a food truck that you can catch out and about on weekend nights sometimes.What a great find! Pancho's is unfancy and small (they seem to do a lot of take out), with a table and counter, but the food they make packs a big punch. Delicious. I had the Pancho's Torta, which was a very substantial serving. The lightness of the telera roll made it all filling but not overly heavy. The meat was really well flavoured, and juicy, without being overly greasy. The owners were delightful and seemed like really nice people. I wish I lived closer so this could be my go-to, "I don't want to cook tonight" take-out place. In any case, I will certainly be back to try other food on the menu, and I'd certainly recommend a visit.Its good but I keep thinking of Santa Fe Burrito that was in Philly and the Main Line.
I recommend.Absolutely outstanding. We've tried a lot of similar restaurants in Philly and this is hands-down the best -- we drive halfway across the city for it!Just got an uber eats chicken quesadilla from this place. SOOO DAMN GOOD. I can't believe I've lived two blocks from here and never stopped by. Definitely recommendIt's rare to have a meal that's so intimate with the chefs, and I really enjoyed seeing them cook a few feet away and all the care that they put into making the food. I had a breakfast burrito which came with a side of home fries. Let me tell you, those home fries were great; I liked them more than the burrito. They also have an orange juicer and an espresso machine in case you wanted anything to drink. 
It's a great little business that's just getting started, and you can tell they really care about the service that they give to their customers. They had a bowl of candies on the counter and I really needed a cough drop so that was quite handy. Give them a chance!Coming from LA, most Philadelphia taco joints have left me wanting. But this place left me more than satisfied. 
Go for the classic, taco especiales. They're big sizes so you'll be filled with three. The meat is made fresh and the perfect balance of crispy outside and chewy center. 
But the best part is the sour cream. The sour cream is made in house and is like no sour cream I've ever had before. No after taste and unbelievably smooth. Ask for extra on the side.Best taco spot in the city, hands down. This has been my go to spot for a while and everyone I bring by is blown away by how good the food is.The food here is great!  Amazing flavors, great service and never crowded.  Highly recommend it!It was my first time trying this place. It's a hole in the wall place that's past ACME grocery store on West Girard. I'm surprised by all the good reviews. The chicken buritto was a good size for $10 but the chicken was very dry and not very flavorful. There wasn't enough rice. The cheese felt like a pack of Mexican blend cheese thrown into the buritto. I was disappointed and will not be back again. The search for good Mexican food in Fishtown continues.Just ordered a burrito de carnitas and burrito de pollo... SOOO good! I'm almost certain they make the totopos IN house! You can't go wrong with Pancho's!Best authentic Mexican I've had in Philly. Got the pork enchiladas, cheese quesadilla, and tacos. All were amazingPancho's Cafe is an amazing little restaurant, with a couple of tables and a small, 6-seat counter directly in front of the grill and the incredibly talented chef. 
I know everyone goes to spots like this for big, delicious burritos and simply, expertly made tacos, but if you've never had a torta, I suggest you start there. 
AL PASTOR TORTA
For those that don't know, a torta is a Mexican sandwich, and I ordered mine with al pastor (pork marinated with chilies, spices, pineapple, and who knows what else), lettuce, tomato, beans, mayo, and salsa. The torta is typically served on a large, oblong telera roll, and my mouth watered as the bread sat on the griddle the entire time the al pastor was being cooked. The torta was HUGE, and for $10 I was more than happy to eat half and save half for later (well, like an hour later).
My wife ordered 3 tacos - 1 chicken and 2 steak. The meats were perfectly cooked, and we could tell that they put a lot of time and care into them. As we were leaving, the chef busted out a bottle of 1800 Reposado. When I asked if we were about to do some tequila shots, she told me that it was for the pork. :( 
100% agave, 100% delicious, 110% love in her food.This place has excellent food. The steak burrito was phenomenal.100% delicious! Love the chicken tamale and chicken burrito!Not what I was lead to believe more like Central American food then Mexican was a let downTacos were absolutely terrible & an 8% "tax" when using credit cards.. I won't ever be going back.Authentic Mexican food to fill your bellies and hearts. The place is cute and quaint and perfect for a grand Mexican breakfast! We had the huevos a la Mexicana and what a deal! So much food packed with flavor. We also loved the Huevos Rancheros (the green sauce is delicious) and don't pass up on the Quesadilla! We had cheese only and it was fantastic. If you're near Fishtown, give this family owned Mexican spot a try--you won't be disappointed! :)I must admit in the 7 years I've been living in Philly the Mexican food has disappointed me greatly. I'm from Texas so there that, we don't play about our Mexican food. However in the last year I've found some pretty good places and this is one. I ordered a shrimp burrito and guacamole on Uber eats and it was DELICIOUS, my friend got a quesadilla and it was also good. This is a no frills, doing it right Mexican spot. I'm totally here for it, I'm still dreaming about that burrito and the prices are great too.Come to panchos for one thing and one thing only. Their tortas! Can sometimes be too spicy so wouldnt recommend to those who can't handle spice well. It is a big portion and can def be shared with one other person. And ofc get the staple guac and chips! They just bought the next door cafe so will check them out next month!Pancho's was not what I expected. Due to rating thought this place would have the flavors, and meat would be served hot. Everything was actually the opposite, not enough flavor felt like I ate bean and lettuce only. Not enough meat. So many other choices