Great cheesesteak, good beer selection, very good and friendly service!Ok disclaimer ... it's not gourmet. It probably isn't the highest quality food. But g'damn it hits the spot when I get it for delivery.
I've ordered multiple times from Pandora's and each time it has hit the spot (no shame!).
I'll just list off what I've had and continue to look forward to:
Buffalo Chicken Stromboli - comes in two sizes - regular and large. First time around ... I went with the large. Go big or go home right? Uhm ... next time I ordered .. I decided to go home. When the delivery guy came by ... he dropped off an extra large pizza box with my order - I thought they had mistakenly given me a large pizza. Nope - it was a hugeeeeee stromboli that filled the entirety of the pizza box. I ate the leftovers for 3+ days. And that's at my appetite. Go with the regular unless you have 6+ people who are starving! That said, the filling was quite good - not too spicy but just enough tang.
Buffalo Chicken Tenders - really really interesting - in a good way! They definitely put a bit of cinnamon in there to gift it a sweet tang, but it really works. In this case - the larger order is just a few bucks so get that you will have leftovers for another day. Think two nice sour dough slices, some provolone, some greens - you're set for lunch the next day. 
Wing Dings - what the hell are these? Basically chicken wings ... but super crispy ... really most inside ... almost fall off the bone. Amazing. Greasy sure ... but that's how I roll.
Foogie fries - carb heaven .... bacon ... ranch .. cheese ... on fries. 'Nuff said. 
Burger - standard burger, nothing to write home about. 
They will pack things separately if you request it (e.g. mayo on the side).Been going around town on this trip trying as many cheese steaks as possible...this one is at the top. Great service too!Hands down my favorite chicken Caesar wrap. Not only is the chicken and dressing combo delicious, they also add bacon. I've also had paninis, which are great as well. The employees are super friendly and you never have to wait long for your meal. I also love the fact that I can order it to go through Yelp/Grubhub.While I don't expect much from this place, at the very least they should seriously consider improving their sanitation / food handling practices.
Twice I've been in there recently, and both times the cashiers have handled my food after handling cash. I don't mean handling the container or the wrapper...I mean going into the food prep area, and physically touching the actual sandwich / fries / etc. to either put it in the container or close the container (the person who is making the food can't do that?).
Once the cashier was clearly recovering from a cold or flu, wiping her nose before handling my food. The other time the cashiers were chatting away about penecillin. "Take one, you'll feel better. Here you go." Huh? Really?
As for the actual food? Why on earth would you put a yellow stem of a tomato in a club sandwich? Obviously you wouldn't eat it, so why the heck would I?
The bar is set very low.My first time here and the Buffalo Chicken Wrap is the bomb! Will definitely by stopping by again before I leave town.I actually had a good experience here.  When I cam - about 7 PM on a Wednesday night - the place was nearly empty and I had a great cooked to order chicken cutlet sandwich.
The food was great and the side salad I also ordered had fresh (iceberg) lettuce and lots of nice tomatoes and cucmber slices.
I would definitely pick up another quick meal here.  Npot sure about the pizza - the slices didn't appeal.  Maybe a whole pie - freshly baked would be a better option.Food is extremely inconsistent I have ordered maybe 3 times in the past 3 months and something is always off. The first time my chicken finger salad did not have egg on it. The second time my chicken tender platter had homemade soggy tenders instead of their normal frozen ones. That time my also ordered a large onion ring order which was soggy as well. Today I realized the chicken tender option apparently doesn't include fries which for $8.75 is a bit annoying. The onion rings are a bit off as well, however not as bad as the previous time. Overall, I do not recommend and have no idea why I gave them 3 chances.I order food here often for a quick bite. I ike the convenience of online ordering. My go-to meal is the buffalo chicken finger platter. As a connoisseur of the chicken tender/finger/strip, I would have to say that the offering at Pandora's definitely holds it own. The cheesesteaks are just okay
There is plenty of places to sit and relax and the staff is at most times friendly, I would recommend Pandora's as an option for some great tasting quick eats.I go back frequently and haven't been disappointed yet. The food is very affordable, especially after 4PM. They give generous portions. The staff is incredibly nice!! First time I went, I wasn't expecting delicious food for what I was paying but it's actually very good. The baked spaghetti is my favorite.Pandora's Lunchbox
December 15, 2015
1 Italian Stromboli $9.45
1 Buffalo Wings $17.00
We ordered the stromboli and buffalo wings... The stromboli (Italian (as it should be) ) was excellent... 5 stars, but the buffalo wings were not good. They were very crisp, but for some reason we didn't like the sauce it was much too sweet. Now to be fair we did order the mild wings. I could imagine that the wings would be 5 stars if they were hotter and much less sweet.Came here for a quick cheese steak.  Portion and meat quality were quite good and was even well doused in cheese.  The waitress even recommended adding ketchup to the order opening my eyes to a new taste.
The service was quick and friendly.  I would recommend this place over Pat and Geno's for a well made cheesesteak.Awesome place! The owner was so attentive and even gifted my table a basket of fries, which were absolutely delicious. I has the Veggie Maxx salad: the fig marmalade was exquisite and the whole salad was fantastic and filling. All of my friends loved their dishes. One had a cheese pizza that looked so cheesy and yummy. Two others had pasta and were so happy with their choices. Next time I come to Philly, I'm definitely stopping by!I wouldn't know how to rate the food, but after placing an order half an hour ago for delivery, I just got notice that the restaurant is "closing early" and cannot complete my order. My card was charged but I guess it will be refunded...in about 5 days. And now all the pizza places are pretty much closed and I go without dinner. Not a great way to run a business.I came here to get a cheesesteak since I was right in the area and didn't feel like going to my usual place on South St. The cheesesteak was okay not the best or the worst I ever had. I just wished the had put more cheese since the cheese was almost non existent.
The place did look clean and the service was fast and they were very nice.Recently some coworkers and I ordered off of their catering menu, as we were a party of 10 or so. We ordered quite a bit of food on very short notice (about 12 cheese steaks, large chicken Caesar salad, pita strips) and they still delivered within an hour. We also specified to have all the trimmings for the cheesesteaks as well as the salad to be in separate containers which they accommodated nicely. The food was great and we appreciated the timeliness and willingness to suit our requests.all i have to say is ...chicken cheesesteak with hots. 
Great hangover foodVery good for what it is. Prices are very inexpensive and I opted for the small 10"pizza and can of soda special which is $6.29 before tax. I added pepperoni and spent a total of $8 on my meal.
Pizza was good, not great, and similar to the Greek style pizza that abounds in Philly. 
Overall, I was more than happy with my meal for the amount I spent.Pandora's Lunchbox solves the fact that they have nothing going for them by making food salty. It's sort of a fries, onion rings, hoagies place. It's where you go when you have munchies or are hung over. One great thing though, they deliver! So you don't need to leave home for the heart attack!Reading some the more negative reviews, it seems that most people dislike the prices here. When I first came in and saw the prices, I would have agreed with this sentiment, however after eating my meal I have to disagree!
First of all, let me start out by saying Pandora's offers just about EVERYTHING you could want for a meal! In the mood for a small pizza pie? Check. Maybe a reuben sandwich? Check. Or how about a quesadilla? Check. I could go on and on, but I think you get the point.
Anyhow, when I saw that they offered a buffalo chicken stromboli, I was sold. The thing cost like $8, but the effective cost was actually more like $4  since I got 2 whole meals out of it! This thing was huge, my only criticism is there is no point calling this a stromboli when clearly it was a calzone stuffed with chicken, buffalo sauce, and bleu cheese. 
Now I will admit I've had tastier buffalo chicken concoctions elsewhere, but in now way did this item taste bad. I mean look, if you are coming here expecting a 5 star, gourmet meal then your standards are clearly off. Pandora's is what it is, a place where you come and get just about anything you want for lunch/dinner at reasonable to slightly above reasonable prices.
As added bonuses, the staff here seem pretty friendly, they offer free delivery (although I do not know what their delivery radius is), and you can even order online (if you register, you even get 10% off all online orders!) So, the next time you're having one of those days where you just don't know what to get for dinner, drop by Pandora's and I'm sure you'll figure it out.Ordered turkey sandwich on wheat.  Lots of turkey.  The mass amount didn't ruin my night though by making me tired.  I think the french fries I ordered gave me the energy to pound through the night.Delicious food, great service and solid prices. Nothing fancy by any means, but it was exactly what I was looking for. They've got tons of options; I went with a gyro pita, and I loved it! The two women working the counter were super friendly and attentive.Uses a groupon to get the Salmon Portabella pasta... Delightful.  Tasty, hot.  Not to mention the customer service was excellent.I've only ever had the veggie panini for lunch. And it's delicious, you should try it. I especially love that I can come here for a lunch under $10, that's hard to find downtown. The staff is friendly and the service is quick, you can eat in or take it to go. I've had a pleasant experience each time I've gone here.Stopped here during my lunch break from work one day and was pleased with how quickly my food was ready after I ordered it.  Even though I wasn't eating in, the environment wasn't extremely busy, the place itself was clean, and my burger combo left me full and satisfied.  They have a pretty wide range of selections, so if you're not in the mood for a burger, they offer pizza, pasta dishes, all kinds of sandwiches (including deli sandwiches, clubs, cheesesteaks, paninis, wraps, and pita pockets)...even quesadillas!  And to top it off, they offer a small selection of desserts.  Definitely a great place to have in the neighborhood for a quick bite.I love Pandora's all the workers are friendly, food is great. I always get it driver at my shop & fast delivery.Pandora does some terrific (and fast) pizza, pasta and paninis. We'll be going back!I had a craving for wings and when I searched for them on grub hub this place popped up. The wings were a "trending item", so I got an order of them and a Caesar salad. I got a lot more wings then I expected and they are big and juicy and spicy. I am patting myself on the back for this lunch decision. Will be giving them more business. Good go-to wing spot.Great take-out place! Comfort food and priced reasonably. Friendly staff. Their tzaziki is the best I've ever tasted. Onion rings are awesome here too.Good local deli and pizza place. Friendly staff and good food. I would recommend it if you're in the area.Decent portions on the pasta, reduced prices after 4pm.
Otherwise it's overpriced.
In terms of tastes, it's okay.
Two stars because some of the workers are douchey mcdouches.Had a good experience here. The place is clean, staff was polite and my food was served quickly. I ordered a cheesesteak requesting "one whiz with" and the cashier looked at me like I was crazy so I asked for a cheesesteak with whiz and she asked if I wanted onion and I replied yes :) As a transplant to Philly, I felt proud of myself to know how to order a cheesesteak "the right way" and was surprised that this cashier was confused. The cheesesteak was pretty good, though I'd have liked a little more whiz. The fries were crisp, salty and potatoe-y. Delish! 
While eating at Pandora's, a homeless man walked in and questioned if I was going to finish my food saying he was so hungry and could use a meal. This has never happened to me in Center City before so the experience was surprising, but I can't hold that against Pandora's. Just an uncomfortable situation. 
Overall, Pandora's is clean, has plenty of available eating space, tastes good and is cost efficient for what you get.I went there on Cheesteak Day and got a cheesesteak. It was perfectly fine, although the place was dead.Tried it again and to my surprise the service was really nice and food was good. Glad I gave it another shot.I like this place a lot, it's your normal take out place.  They have the normal greasy food, pizza, and pasta dishes.  
I always get the corned beef sandwich here.  They load up on the meat and it is really really good.  I also recommend their chicken fingers, pizza fries, and regular salad.
I do not like their chicken with pesto, it is way too oily.  Their pizza is alright, there are better places out there that you can find.
They do deliver, but I pick it up because it is a block away from me.It's fast take out. greasy, fast take-out. they have a decent gyro, but it prolly comes ina box from the frozen food section. I cant say I hate it. I just dont think its real food. make sense?
*sharts*Great service and very friendly. The few items I've tried have just been "ok" though. But a friend absolutely loves their caesar salad with chicken and baconYou know you're in trouble when the counter girl is ordering Chinese take out. So let me start with the positive.  The food was actually pretty tasty. So why a 2 star review for what was honestly 4 star food? Well I'm glad you asked. 
4 star food (honestly probably closer to 3.5 but this makes the math easier. 
-1 star for price.  Yes, I know its Center City but the price to portion ratio was horrible.  If the burger was bigger (and the fries unburned) then I'd have no price complaint 
-1 star for the workers. I too am sorry that I was hungry and stepped into your restaurant. Also I get being on break but don't shoot me the stink eye for having the audacity to order food. 
All in all maybe I'm just not fancy to appreciate the complexities of this place. Or maybe I'm just too Philly to accept bad customer service,  (little of columns A, little of Column B) either way I won't be backI came here on a city food tour and this was our cheesesteak stop. I've had a couple of cheesesteaks and this was a very solid one. Soft roll that held all the ingredients together well. Juicy meat, and the onions were well caramelized. They used white American cheese, though I prefer provolone. Ingredients were well proportioned, though I couldn't really taste the cheese so much. It was certainly good, but I would still want to try other options when i'm back in town.This is my boyfriend & I's favorite "secret spot" we come here often and always are glad with our choices. They have a great pesto chicken dish, chicken tenders, teriyaki chicken wrap & our fav..the teriyaki chicken wings. Sometimes they can fry them a little hard but u can mention how crispy u want them. Overall great food not greasy and filling.Great fresh ingredients, nice friendly staff. Got to taste the steak Philly cheesesteak w American cheese, peppers and onions as well as he chicken cheesesteak with pepperoni, Peppers, onions and American cheese. Big were the best we've had in town. Thanks for making our great meal!I am not going to lie to you. This food is not necessarily amazing. But when all you're looking for is a fast meal full of fried food and pizza...this is your place. I love being able to order online, the 10% discount you receive doing so is also nice. The staff is always really friendly and so are the delivery guys. The food is consistent and pretty good. It is my go to restaurant for lunch. I do find it to be a little on the expensive side but for food that is consistent, convenient online ordering, delivery that is fast and staff that is friendly...I am more than willing to pay the price.Was in town for a seminar and decided to eat here.  The special was cheesesteak fries and a soda.  Have to say one of the best cheesesteaks I have hadGot in to Philly early for a meeting and stopped by. Actually one of the street cops recommended it and I'm glad I went. Opened up my laptop and cracked out some work and of course enjoyed an awesome cheesesteak. It was not too heavy so that's a plus and the service was fantastic!!! Definitely coming back next time I'm here.Chicken salad sandwich was good. Roll the the sandwich came on was above average but not great. Pizza was trash.Pandora's Lunchbox is a pizza place on 12th and Walnut. There is seating to dine in  and they have a tv in there which usually has ESPN on. The decor is simple and modern and it seemed to be a pretty tidy place. I tried to order pizza, but they did not have pizza by slices and you can only order a whole pie. They did have a decent sandwich and panini menu. I ordered a chicken cutlet sandwich with lettuce, tomato and onion that was pretty good. The server had suggested the chicken parm sandwich, but I stuck with my order. The sandwich was pretty good, but I have to admit the way the chicken was made, it would have been better as a chicken parm and I should have taken her suggestion. Overall Pandora's was a decent lunch spot and would go back to try some of their other items.I really wanted to love this place but i can't. The girl at the counter is a bitch. It took me a while to get to the store, but she called me up sounding pissed complaining about how long my order has been waiting at their store, which had only been about 45 minutes at the time she called me. I wasn't in the area, and had to ride to the store. Plus i already paid for the order on grubhub with my credit card. So whats the big problem? She was ranting about how people forget they order stuff which was really unnecessary. I just told her ill be there and hung up. Never ordering from here again. Just know to expect an unpleasant attitude from her and the other employees here.I ran into this place when I was literally wandering around suffering from some hella low blood sugar.  I saw their specials board and decided a personal cheese pizza with a can of coke was exactly what I needed.
The counter guy was extremely friendly and welcomed me in.  He made conversation with me and the dynamic between the other two employees was hilarious.  My pizza was ready within 10 minutes and was piping hot and fresh.  The joint was extremely clean and the employees seemed like they took pride in it.YUMMY!!!! Thank you, Yelpers for telling us about this place. Will be back!!! Chicken teriyaki cheesesteak wrap was THE BEST!! Excellent, friendly service. Super clean! Everyone delightful!!! Just go.Do not visit!   Walked to this local restaurant as it was very close to my hotel.   While ordering I started a conversation with the cashier about where she was from.   It was a pleasant 3 minute chat, or so I thought.  When my food was served 15 mins later, the manger asked me to take my food and eat else where because I had offended her staff, by asking where they were from.   I did not  eat the meal, as I was afraid of what they may have done to it.    Do not eat here if you want to have an enjoyable experience.   Incredibly rude staff.I'm new to Philly, and admittedly, this was my first actual Philly Cheesesteak in Philly, but I thought it was great.
 - I tried the chickensteak today, which was not nearly as good, but they still get 4 stars for being inexpensive and having a good cheesesteak.I've had better microwaveable pizza. Don't let the $6.50 deal fool you. Maybe it is because I am from New York that I have such high standards when it comes to pizza, but the mere fact this establishment is categorized as "Pizza" sorrows the seas of my heart. I urge you to never go here.The pizza has a thicker, crispy crust to it. On point, with plenty of toppings and sauce. Seems to be a solid choice for a number of greasy fast food type thingsVery homely and has very nice staff. The food is a little on the greasy side, but what else is expected when ordering a cheesesteak? Overall, it's a very nice choice if you are hungry. It is filling at a great price. 
PS, the cheesesteak and pasta is grrrrrreat!I came here a little while ago with my friend. I don't know why the ratings are so bad (3.5 overall is generally not good). It's one of those cheap lunch "restaurants." It's not somewhere you would go for dinner. 
Anyone who says the food is overpriced has obviously not been in Philly ever. The prices are normal for anywhere.
I had the Italian panini, and it was good for one of those lunch spots. I think all the bad reviews are comparing it to regular restaurants, but this isn't a "real restaurant" with waiters and whatnot. It's a counter-service little shop with sandwiches for when you're at work or want something cheap. For that, I think it's pretty good.This is my first time in Philadelphia. I don't know if the cheese steaks here are the best in town or not but in my opinion they are perfect!! The best I have ever had!! My son also enjoyed the pizza! The staff was friendly too. Their menu is huge with something for everyone.first time ive been in , in probably 15years and the have upped their game.. every thing was super fresh and the best fries in the gayborhood  and ive had them all.  had the Gyro platter and the side salad started the suprise of what was a great meal.   they Gryro did not let me down an perfectly done fries.  clean and friendly.Been here so many times I thought I wrote a review about this place already.. Well.. Here it goes ! The food and customer service is great.. Love to bring my teenage children here when we are in the city .. It's a clean place and the food is great!Some specific food reviews (menu items I am reviewing specifically are all caps for easy scanning) below:
This is a great place to have in the neighborhood.  It's quality comfort food for everyone.  My boyfriend always gets the CHEESESTEAK meal, and while it's not Jim's, it's really a very solid reliably great steak.  FRIES are very good too - always hot, never soggy, lots of catsup in the bag.
Based on the reviews, I actually recently tried the CHICKEN CHEESESTEAK, and was blown away.  I was expecting big chunks of chicken, but this was finely ground chicken with a very tasty seasoning.  I will definitely order it again.  I ordered it with American cheese, and put hot sauce on the side - this was a flavor win.
Ordered the large CHICKEN TENDERS, and they were piping hot, flavorful, moist on the inside tenders.  The large was very large, and my boyfriend and I split them.  Would also order these again, and for the size, the price is very reasonable.
Since I'm a steryotypical girl that cares about my waistline (despite my love for steaks and tenders), I also frequently order the GREEK SALAD.  This is a very large and filling salad, even if you don't get Chicken added (I often don't).  The feta chunks are generous enough.  It's not Effie's or Kanella (fancier nearby Greek restaurants), but for $8 filling takeout this hits the spot for me on many days.
Protip: order on their website for a fast pick-up.  They also have lots of options available to customize your order online.
UPDATE: This place delivers so incredibly fast!! I just had a delivery of a steak (so freshly prepared), and it arrived at my front door 13 minutes after I submitted my order.  How is this even possible????  Amazing... extra star earned.This place is a pretty great little restaurant.  I ate here on a lunch break from work.  I had the chicken cheese steak sandwich and it was one of the best ones I've had (haha, and one of the only ones!).   My co-worker got a cheese steak sandwich and she loved it.  
The service was kind of slow for 1 PM, but I could tell they get alot of take-out/delivery orders.  It took about 20 minutes for us to get 2 sandwiches and french fries, but if you have the time to spend, it's certainly worth it.  The staff is pretty friendly and they know how to cook!
I would definitely recommend this place andWaited 30 minutes to get a Chix Gyro Pita.  Paid and didn't get my food, and they weren't very busy.  How hard is it to make a pita??  Won't be back.We got delivery: Cheesesteak with Fries and Diet Coke (a "box" special) and Pesto Primavera (no Peppers). It was... average.
Cheesesteak: I asked for Whiz as the cheese online in special request (when you select a Box, it does not ask you what kind of cheese you want like it does if you order the Cheesesteak alone) and I got what I can only guess is White American? It was not Provolone, and their three options on normal cheesesteaks is American, Provolone, or Whiz. They apparently misunderstood, and I'll touch on that in a minute. That being said, the meat was good, the bread was good, the cheese was too infrequent, to the point that when I reheated my second half, I put my own Whiz on. 
Fries: Remember that misunderstanding? They put the Whiz on the fries. Now, the awesome part is that they didn't charge us more (unless the later mistake was intentional). The bad part is, the already soggy fries were rendered into "potato mush" that I later heated in a cast iron skillet with the whiz still on it to let the whiz get a little browned and add some much needed crunch to the sad fries. Next time, I'd just order the steak and specifically be able to select Whiz on the online thing, because the fries were sad and...
Diet Coke: Did not make the order... not sure if that's because they put whiz on the fries or if they just forgot.
Pesto Primavera (No Peppers): Oh man, the portions on this were HUGE! They did leave off the peppers (mostly, a couple slipped in, so if you're having stuff left off due to allergy, don't go here. If it's just a matter of preference, get ready to pick stuff out) but all in all it was a LOT of food! The spaghetti noodles seemed like they were thin spaghetti, which is awesome because we would have preferred angel hair. That all being said, the pesto was dry. We ended adding a bunch of storebought alfredo to make a creamy pesto sauce and adding a whole bunch of parmesan (which they didn't give any of). So much food for the price, it fed my girlfriend for 4 meals and myself for another 2 (she is a light eater, but I am not). The garlic bread that came with was average at best. 
It's worth another shot, but we'd definitely order differently. The delivery was prompt, the driver was excellent, but the food needed some help. I wouldn't say stay away quite yet, but so far it's not the must go that people say it is.Guys! Food was amazing. THE END.
The shrimp and spinach pasta was more than enough. The cashier tried to warn us and boy was she right. The pasta was enough for three meals! This food made my soul , heart stomach, and pockets super happy. On top of everything being great, the customer service was great!!! DEFINITELY A MUST WHEN I GO BACK!if you want to waste your money please by all means go to Pandoras. They are the worst. The only time this place is good is if it's 3am and you are drunk, which at that point anything would taste delicious. Forget delivery they can't get anything right and they have bike people so your food ends up at your door cold and wrong. When you call to say something they are very rude. No wonder this place has closed down twice, lets all hope it's a 3rd time.I just went here for lunch this afternoon. It's a nice little venue with some dine-in seating. The place was clean and neat (which is a big deal to me)
I ordered the beef gyro. I'm not expert on gyros, but I enjoyed theirs very much. It was very tasty and the lettuce and tomatoes were very fresh.
______________________________________________________
Second visit:
I was craving some plain old chicken fingers and french fries, so I decided to give Pandora's another shot.
I got the Chicken fingers platter with french fries and cole slaw. The portion was HUGE! I was very pleased with the meal.Delicious fresh, quality meat and bread.  Friendly service from the young cashier.  $9.75 for a 10" Philly cheese steak sandwich with peppers, onion, and mushroom, a great price. Authentic and unpretentious local place in the middle of a commercial area of chain restaurants.What a surprise! The city kid in me knows that you should always trust the little places and Pandora's is proof positive of that. Got the nachos, they were a spicy surprise and a great start. Could have been a meal for one on their own right. Got a pizza with ground beef topping, delicious. The crowning joy was the cheesesteak. If you come to Philly, you want a cheesesteak sandwich and believe me, you want the one from Pandora's. Perfect. Service was fast, staff was wonderful. 10/10 would eat here again.It was a convenient place to get dinner here since most of the restaurants required reservations.  Wife ordered pizza and i ordered cheese steak which were both good.Their food is fantastic, veggie pizza is awesome and the mild wings are great.  We often order for work events and we've never been disappointed.This is a great quick delivery place. I love the stuffed tomatoes. It isn't great, but it is a good reliable lunch choice.Easy and simple. A very extensive menu. Good cheesesteak. Nice people and they serve alcohol, mostly just beer though.This place looks like a little hole in the wall Carryout but the pizza is amazing! My husband and I ordered a small pepperoni and sausage pizza and a side of buffalo wings fried hard. They fried our wings to perfection and the sauce was really good. The pizza was amazing! Reminded me of a pizza I had growing up as a kid called Shaky's! I'd totally recommend this place to anyway in need of delicious pizza!!I ordered some wings and philly cheese stake, both were ok. The service was friendly and attentive.Stopped by this place while walking around and seeing the landmarks of Philadelphia! Ordered the Philly cheesesteak with cheese and onions, and it was delicious! The meat was warm and thinly sliced, and the onions were well cooked. The roll was soft and warm as well. Happy we got to try a bite of a Philly classic!This is my first time here and so far so good. Walked in everything was clean and the guy at the register was very nice and attentive. I ordered the buffalo chicken wrap and my girlfriend ordered garlic chicken wings. Both were delicious! And for both meals and two drinks only $20. Will definitely be coming here more often.The staff seemed a bit confused about what I was trying to order. Like, the guy gave me a weird look when I asked for a glass of water. That being said, I was eventually unceremoniously served a turkey burger. They put the fixin's on for you, so you can't designate the amount of ketchup. The burger was reasonably tasty, but wasn't that filling.My first review on here. I wouldn't normally do it but I had to. 
So first, I'll start by saying- I'm a very finicky eater. It takes me a while to choose what I really wanna eat, every day. And on top of that, sometimes, when I'm considering where to go, I consider if the portion of food that the restaurant will give me will (1) Satisfy my voracious appetite, and (2) if it is worth the amount being charged for it.
In a nutshell, I went into Pandora because I really couldn't make up my mind and I wanted to try something different. First, they had a wide range of food from sandwiches to spaghetti and meatballs to cheesesteak and a lot of stuff in between. I chose spaghetti because I needed something hearty. It was about 9 dollars. I figured they wouldn't give me a big portion so I might need something else to supplement my lunch. So I bought a slice of carrot cake. 
Well, I paid at the register and went to take a seat at the back of the restaurant. In 7 minutes (or maybe it was 6), one of the sweet ladies up front was bringing back this monster of a dish- and it was the good type of monster, the one that makes your mouth water a little. Chile- when I say that plate was huge! The spaghetti was freaking delicious. The cheese was super gooey... The sauce was thick and hearty... The meatballs were large and the spaghetti was seasoned wonderfully. I couldn't even finish my plate. 
All in all, the people are SUPER friendly. The food is GREAT and you get a lot of it... and the setting is pretty chill as well. I'm going to take a nap now as my food digests, but I'll definitely be back.My boyfriend and I end up getting take-out from Pandora every weekend. Their gyro's are delish, they make a Monterey chicken salad that has become a staple in my diet, the stuffed tomatoes are good, their deli sandwiches have fresh rye bread, and their Italian food is legit (from what my bf says, and he is Italian, so he knows). I ordered the "Cranburger" once and that was totally gross, but hey, ya  can't win 'em all! 
They give you large portions of food, so an entree can easily be split between two people if you're not super hungry (including salads). 
 I'm also borderline celiac, so from time to time I need to request that certain ingredients be removed or substituted, and they always hook up it up without complaint.
Oh, and they have a pretty good selection of canned soda, (I get super excited when I find soda in cans vs. the 20oz plastic bottles)!
Good job guys!We put in a fairly large order.  We read all the reviews and thought we would give it a try.  The pizza was so awesome!  You can tell that only top quality ingredients were used.  Not only that, but everything was very fresh.  If you are looking for pizza in Philly this is the place to go.  You will not be disappointed.
The spaghetti was some of the best that I have had from a restaurant.  The pasta sauce was spot on and the meatballs were just as awesome.  Can taste the quality of them.  Very good meat was used.  Even the garlic bread was awesome.  That really surprised me.  I never really expect such quality from Spaghetti and Meatballs and then they top it off with the garlic bread.  It is like an extra thank you.
The antipasto salad was amazing as well.  You can not make up such a review.  They came and went full on with this order.  If all their food is this amazing I'm going to make sure that we mainly do business here.  For the money they give you generous portions and then they make quality food.  That pizza is something that I'm really going to miss when I am home.
If you are visiting or even if you live in Philly you have to stop in here and at least try a pie.  You'll be glad that you did.  I wish I had found this place last few times I was in Philly.  One thing is for sure that I will be coming back.Best BLT in Philly!! The workers are great and the food is quick. They have a large menu but I always come here for the BLTS