The orange chicken and lo mein are both the best I've had, really. While the egg rolls are a bit dry, the reason is remarkable: little oil and no MSG! I think this may be the first Chinese restaurant I've visited where the food isn't dripping with oil! The owners are super nice as well. If you are in the area and want a quick, affordable and delicious fix this is the joint!I ordered delivery from here tonight.  The delivery service was really fast considering I placed my order late at night.  The pros- the chicken eggplant was very good and tasty.  Their BBQ spare ribs with pork fried rice was delicious.  I loved their crab Rangoon.  The cream cheese had the right amount of sweetness which I like.  The cons- the soups are pretty bland.  I had the wonton soup and my daughter had the chicken noodle soup.  Both I had to add some salt to the soup.  The scallion pancakes were too thick and very chewy.  It's supposed to be thinner and crunchy.  My husband had the roasted duck noodle soup.  He said it was ok...nothing compared to Sang Kee I guess.  Once again it's soup based so as mentioned I'm not crazy about their soups.  I gave this place 4 stars because of the fast delivery service, they open late to satisfy my Chinese food cravings, and I loved their chicken eggplant.Regardless of its location en route to Market East Station, Panda Garden is a small step up from some of those other hole-in-the-wall Chinese food joints.  Reasonably sized menu with good food at affordable prices.  Service is efficient and the place is family owned so don't be surprised to see a few kids helping out around the restaurant.I work in the area and had the taste for some chinese and was disapointed. I orderd spicy chicken lomein and it was so blah- no taste at all just a big bowl full of noodles. i wouldnt recommend.Ordered delivery from here today. 
Broccoli with garlic sauce? Not bad but kind of bland (I requested it spicy).
Schezwan tofu? Not good at all. Tofu was soft and gooey. Very bland.
Veggie fried rice? No veggies. Tasted like oil poured over old rice. 
Hot and sour soup? Had substance in it with lots of veggies and tofu but it was so thick and slimy I was just confused by the texture. Oh, and very bland. 
Quick delivery time was nice. The fact that I spent $20 on food to last me a few meals but then threw everything out after eating half of one meal was not nice. And my stomach hurt for hours afterwards.I like chinese food. Especialy orange chicken :)  The orange chicken was so good in Panda Garden. And the manager is very friendly. And this restaurant recently remodeld.Horrible......
We asked them to pack the food, our home was hardly 5 mins away.. When we reached home we found that all the food was terribly cold, 2 orders were missing, there was something which we never asked..
Taste was not good.. we almost threw everything.. it spoiled our night and mood.. 
Next day when we went to the restaurant and complained abt the incidence, the staff did not even apologize and instead told us that we should have brought back the dishes so they could verify.. 
Bottom line: Bad food, poor service, bad staff..This place is not particularly bad, not particularly good.  Just...ok, fine for takeout, and close to my apartment.  It's clean, and I like that the owner's son (who looked to be 11 or 12 years old)  works there as well.  He took my order the first time I went there, which was cute. I got the beef & broccoli on my first visit, which tasted pretty good, no worse or better than most other Chinese places I've been to, and last night I got the General Tso chicken.  Another reviewer wrote that they thought it was bland, but I found it to be very spicy.  It tasted good, though.  My cousin got the hot & sour soup, which he said was ok, but he's had better (not sure what entree he got).  I'll probably order from here again, when I'm feeling lazy or the wather's bad, and I don't feel like walking to Chinatown.Terrible. Chicken with cashew sauce barely had any chicken. Lady owner threw the plate on the table in an impolite manner. Then she says: $10 minimum to use card. Not coming back. Terrible, not worth it!Pretty good place to get Philly's take on Chinese.  I recommend the General Tso's chicken.The host behind the counter was friendly and attentive. 
However, the restaurant now has a 3.23% surcharge on the use of credit/debit cards; this is almost certainly a violation of the user agreement with VISA/MASTERCARD/AMEX/DISCOVER. As a result, I will take my business elsewhere. There are just too many Chinese restaurants in Center City for a restaurant with this policy to stay in business.I don't recommend the pad thai, it takes nothing like it should, just like chili sauce, and has no sauce. Might give this place a try and order something else, but I'll probably try to avoid it in the future.I'm surprised by all of the bad reviews. Maybe I'm just not that picky, but I have always been very happy with Panda Garden. My General Tso's is large for the price, chicken is of pretty good quality and not chewy, and the order is typically ready fast and with a smile.  It has saved me from a hungry day without lunch many times at Jefferson.Are you going to get all star gourmet food here? No. Are you going to get fast service, good takeout, and reasonable prices? Absolutely.  I am a frequent patron of Panda Garden and have never been disappointed. Food always comes quickly and is always tasty.Pass by and was surprised it was a Chinese Restaurant.  It's very clean, very modern.
The prices were reasonable. I didn't have to wait long. It was around 3:30PM. What amazed me with my meal was that it was so fresh. I had a lovely egg drop soup piping hot, smooth a satin. I order shrimp lo mein.  The sauce was light and tasty. Not like many others that I had that were stuck together like glue and too sweet.
A side of dipping sauce and crispy wide noodles. And mainly, it was quite, away from the street noise. So calm. It was a very enjoying meal.During my year of school I've been here a half dozen times. Lunch special options are decent... Food isn't anything special and the wait/ service is really hit or miss. The only "plus side" is that the food is freshly prepared so that means you're guaranteed a bit of a wait.Wow, so that's what the storefront of this place looks like? I must admit I'm a little surprised because the unappealing facade does not reflect the quality of the food.
Compared to other Chinese food I'll admit that the food doesn't quite "pop", but that's a sacrifice I'm willing to make for non-MSG, no thickeners and low oil content. I don't feel gross after eating it, and any flatness in flavor can be addressed with my own adept seasoning skills. My cupboard runneth over with soy sauce, sriracha, red pepper flakes and countless seasonings that can bring a dish up to snuff without the nasties used at other Chinese restaurants.
A purist might dismiss them for selling food that requires consumer alterations, but that purist can cram it with MSG for all I care. This is my new go-to for Chinese delivery.Panda Garden is the only decent chinese food we have found that will deliver in South Philadelphia/East Passyunk Square. Everything is prepared fresh and (from what we can tell) it is family owned and operated. We have been ordering from them for 5+ years and have watched their son advance from learning the cash register at about the age of 8 to now being the awkward teenager that answers the phone to take your order. It's pretty adorable when you think about it. Ha!
Our typical order includes: Vegetable Fried Rice, Vegetable Lo Mein, General Tso's Chicken, Beef & Broccoli, Shrimp w/ Mixed Vegetables and the complimentary Sesame Chicken (when you spend more than $30). We've also enjoyed the Pineapple Chicken, Pepper Steak, Orange Beef, and Scallion Pancakes. The vegetables are always cooked perfectly--steamed, not overly salted--and the meat is crispy and well cooked with sauces that are the perfect consistency. 
Although the wait time is a little long, we know that we are getting what we pay for. All of that food usually rings up to around $50 bucks and a nice guy on a bike delivers the food (which is still piping hot!). Quantity wise it is definitely enough for two full meals
Everything we have ever ordered has been good! All in all, great (americanized) chinese take-out.The beef with broccoli lunch special is a solid choice, it comes with an egg roll and fried or white rice and is only $7. The amount served was enough to easily fill me up. Overall the quality of food is prett good for the price and the portion isn't small. I'd recommend this place to someone looking for a quick, cheap meal or a student in the area.I guess I should preface this review by saying that I lived right outside of Chinatown for a year, and enjoyed some of the best Asian food Philly has to offer there. I moved closer to the Jefferson area, so I decided to try Panda Garden because of how close it is...and as a result, I got to experience the worst meal I've had in the city of Philadelphia to date.
I can't say that the food was gross, or there was anything unhygienic about it. Simply put, I've grown accustomed to chinese food having actual flavor, and this place just didn't cut it. 
I got an order of General Tso's chicken (came with white rice) and an egg roll. First of all, the egg roll tasted like dirt! It was way overcooked, had practically nothing in it, and lacked any taste. Even when dipping it in duck sauce (don't you hate when Chinese restaurants are stingy about these sauce packets? I got a whole 2 packets...), the roll tasted horrible.
General Tso's chicken is my staple item when trying a new Chinese place, and for those who don't know its meant to be cooked on the spicier side. I guess the cook at Panda Garden didn't get that memo, because the chicken was about as bland and as boring as it could get. I ended up dumping a ton of Siracha (thank god for that stuff!) onto the chicken just so I could get some actual taste.
I've been to plenty of places that offer great decor and friendly, tentative service, but for me it all comes down to the quality of the food. This is how I base the ratings I give restaurants, and for the most part I haven't been disappointed in that category. Panda Garden may have the nicest decor and the best service around (although I wouldn't know since I got take-out anyhow), but the food here straight up sucks! Do yourself a favor and head up a few blocks to Chinatown for much better Chinese food.
On a side note, I give them 2 stars (instead of 1) because of amusement factor: the person who rung me up when I got there was some kid who couldn't be older than like 12! He strolled up to the register with a juice box in one hand lol! But hey, he knew what I was there for and rung me up without any issues, so props to himFor my purposes, this place is perfect. Quick, cheap, and pretty delicious. I get takeout here often, and the staff is always courteous. I have never done delivery, I probably never will. My order is always ready in 10 minutes, and I have never had a problem. This is honestly some of the best Chinese takeout I've ever had. Most often, I order chicken fried rice. I typically do not feel poorly after eating it, and I'm someone who can be very effected by greasy food. I gotta say, I'll miss this spot when I move.I'm struggling to even give this place two stars...
We ordered delivery from here this weekend because we were tired and didn't feel like leaving the house. We live pretty close to china town and usually we get chinese food delivered within 30 or 40 minutes. This place took about an hour and 20 minutes. We were getting grumpy at this point because we were hungry, but no big deal.
I got a phone call from the delivery guy saying that he was a block north of my apartment. I went on to explain that no, he has to go further south, he's close though. Now I am pretty terrible at understanding Chinese accents. It's not something I'm proud of and I need to work on it. But I use grubhub for this reason. So when he was actually explaining to me that he got into an accident a block north of me and he was waiting for the police to come do a report, I didn't understand at first. Eventually I got it and we put on our shoes and coats and walked to pick up our delivery.
I didn't hold the delivery snafu against them, because life happens. Sometimes you get into a fender bender. The grumpy side of me was thinking, "why didn't I just get take out?" but that was mostly the hunger talking.
Satisfied to be back in the warm house with a feast before us, we got to eating. I have to say, everything we had tasted incredibly bland to me. I had wonton soup which i usually love, but it just tasted like water. I added salt to no avail (that's right... I salted my Chinese food...) We had steamed vegetable dumplings which weren't bad, but not amazing. I had the buddist delight which is veggies and tofu. I always ask for sauce on the side because it's usually too much for me. They forgot to put the sauce on the side, but it was honestly so bland tasting, I didn't care.
Overall, I was incredibly disappointed. The only reason I'm giving it 2 stars instead of one is because the man said his was alright.One of the best places in philly hands down-- delicious, quality LO mein, best beef I've had too.... And really great service! Everyone there is very nice. I would definitely suggest this place!Best Chinese restaurant in this area. My family is Chinese so we are Chinese food snobs, and this place made the cut. The food is always so fresh and delicious. The lunch specials are an amazing deal and come with soup or an egg roll. My favorite dishes are chicken and string beans, kung pau chicken, and orange chicken. I always call ahead so I don't have to wait because it can take a while if you order there. It is a pretty small store with limited seating. There is also a sushi making bar in the restaurant if you want Japanese, and they have bento boxes in the lunch special as well. The menu says "BYOB" on it.The customer service is horrible. Stay clear if this place.  If you decide to order and pick up the food you better plan on packing a lunch.  Cause by the time your food is ready you are gonna need a snack.  AwefulFinally, a Chinese restaurant that doesn't use MSG or grease. The food tastes very good and its the only Chinese restaurant that I order from. The vegetable fried rice is pretty tasty and so are the steamed meat dumplings. I can't say this is healthy food, but by chinese take-out standards, its probably the healthiest.Chicken and broccoli was horrible no sauce...no flavor only gave me a few pieces of chicken bbq spare ribs had no bbq sauce...I won't be going back and don't recommend anyone else go eGross, I ordered 5 entrees and 2 apps. Everything was poor.  Bright spot was that delivery driver was nice. I will never order  from here again and would suggest others do the same.I will admit, I'm a sucker for crab Rangoons. This place is a great spot for them. You'll always be able to taste the filling no matter the bite lol. I've gotten the general tso's chicken a couple times here and it is a hit or miss. Great serving sizes, but extremely oily and greasy. 
Overall, the prices are cheap and the crab rangoons are a solid choice!waited 2 hrs for delivery before cancelling. Restaurant worker straight up said that driver wasnt answering the phone and all he knew was that it was on the way.The customer service is horrible. Stay clear if this place.  If you decide to order and pick up the food you better plan on packing a lunch.  Cause by the time your food is ready you are gonna need a snack.used be a lot better. 
I always get General Tao's chicken. 
These days, I feel somewhat they are not doing as good as they used to. 
Getting too greasy and ingredients are not as fresh as before. 
Well, still it's so close to my place, that's why I order for delivery once in a while.Food was delicious and cheap! The pork fried rice was really tasty. Delivery was super fast. I have no complaints about this place.I have been a long time customer (years). Not anymore. When I was new I remember a friend of mine who said she no longers orders there because the man who owned or serve there was rude. She was waiting for a take out order when the male owner or attendant told her to move from  her seat. She sat at where "eat in" customers where suppose to seat .. But she was the only one in the restaurant and because that table with a seat is nearest the counter. He told her to move at the long sofa near the exit door. At that time one incident happened where I had order hours before by phone because working at a hospital sometime we don't have time to call or we might simply forget because its always busy. so I ordered a large soup for 8pm. the male owner answered and he said " at soup at 8? come one man.." I was annoyed and said well I have no time to call later. Then at 8pm when I went to pick up the order. it wasn't ready. part of the reason why I called also is so I can just go in and out with the order. But I had to wait 10 minutes which is the same as if I had gone there and order at that time. Then when the order was brought to me. it was a small size soup. I told them I had ordered large on the phone. And the male owner said its ok it will only take few minutes. So I waited again. I probably waited about 20  minutes for something I called hours before. 
I don't know after that experience why I came back. Maybe because its near or I forgot the rudeness of this man. 
But today I had ordered by phone and the daughter took my order. I I told her i might eat in. So she said oh so its not take out. I said.."no put it in take out because i ordered too much and might not be able to finish. So i can just take it with me ..When I came there it wasn't ready. I paid for my order. When it came I took it and sat down. And the moment I started eating. The male owner or that man whos always there said to me, " its okay now. but next time if its take out its take out." So I started packing the food. And he said ," no its okay right now." But I already lost my appetite. And there are other customers there who overheard this. He was rude and has no manners. I wouldn't come back there. Even if I starve. The food also although good is so overprice in my opinion. Theyre not exceptionally good like Pho or other Chinese restaurant I tried. Its just near.I ordered 3 things and they forgot a dish. So I called and they told me they were closed. Which was a lie. They didn't offer compensation. Nothing. Rude phone person. Then the manager was yelling on the phone in his native language. They refused to refund me despite the fact that I already paid and didn't get my dish. Terrible service. I do not recommend this place. Food was not even that good.Delivery driver was extremely rude and demanded more tip even though he arrived late a block away from my address.Great Chinese place right there by my dorm. I got the lunch special Shrimp and Broccoli which came with white rice and wonton soup. The soup was flavorful and just right. Some places make it too salty or too bland. 
The shrimp and broccoli itself was great. The shrimps were cooked well and not overdone. The broccoli was cooked perfectly. It wasn't undone or like mush. Flavor is on point. Most importantly, they gave a fair amount of shrimps and it wasn't they medium or small ones that some places use for their lunch specials. They 100% use the jumbo shrimps. 
For $8.50, this wasn't too bad considering you get a choice of soup or egg roll with it. The owner was nice and helpful with helping me get to know the area better too. For someone that worked in a Chinese restaurant and pretty picky with the flavors, they are doing it right.I had a cold and was in the mood for some soup so on a Wednesday evening I walk into this place and it is completely empty at 7pm. My friend who was with me wasn't planning on eating and sat down with me. I ordered an egg drop soup and my friend decided to do the same. I was asked what else I wanted and said that would be all for now and my friend said the same. Now the waitress/cashier insisted that we couldn't just sit down and have soup and nothing else. I said what's the difference? I'm not gonna pay by credit card and I may decide to get something else. She took the menus and said no and walked away! 
We were in complete shock - here is a completely empty restaurant turning away two paying customers. I asked what the problem was and whether they were closing soon and she insisted that to sit and eat we had to spend $6. 
We just decided to leave and go elsewhere...Food was OK I decided to stop in while passing looking for lunch I ordered the general tso's. Shrimp it was good/ OK the rice was nasty and my egg roll was dripping dark brown oil which is a sign that it's old so I will give them an OK and I wont be backSo...I like starting with the positives. The service was great, and the staff is super nice. Since I don't eat pork, so I asked and make sure they don't use anything related to it in their non pork dishes. 
Now coming to the food...I ordered broccoli and shrimp with rice...well... it tasted bland...I did not enjoy it, it seemed like something I made in a hurry at home. I am not sure how good are their other dishes, but this one was definitely not tasty. 
Unfortunately, I did not like the ambience too. They seemed to have an old dusty maroon colored carpets and dim lights. Very dull overall. 
I might go here again to see how their other dishes taste like, with the hope they are better, since it's in the center city and pretty affordable.Both my boyfriend and I ordered the General Tsos chicken. The portions are large, the sauce has a good flavor and the chicken is nice and crispy.I always ordered from this company and never had a problem. Even If they didn't answer my call, they would call back for your order. Today i ordered my food and everything was great until the delivery person came.  My food was $17.80. I gave him $20.80. He proceeded to walk out the door. I said excuse me, my change. He gave me $1 and the $.80. I stated that is incorrect. He was upset that I asked for my change and thought he wasn't receiving a tip.  If he would have gave me my change, he would have received his tip. As I am walking back , he called my cell phone and told me Don't ever order from his store again!!! ALL BECAUSE YOU THOUGHT I WASN'T GOING TO TIP YOU!!! PLEASE TEACH THESE IGNORANT PEOPLE MANNERS AND CUSTOMER SERVICE!!! YOU LOST A LOYAL CUSTOMER!!!!Proceed with caution. This place is a hit or miss. I ordered some shrimp egg foo young and everything was fine, but the gravy tasted very sour. I didn't notice until after I poured it on my food. Ended up throwing it out.Surprised this has mixed reviews. Really filling and good value. I would definitely recommend for someone looking for an alternative to the traditional Philly food.Food was ok but the prices from the on line menu were less than what the charged in every case . The food was cold when they delivered it. I would never order again from any place that over charges intentionally or by incompetence. Caution verify all charges before you order from this place.This is a review of the service, because I didn't receive the food.
I called and placed an order at 7pm and was quoted (25-35 minutes)
I called at 8pm asking about my order, they said it'd be there any moment
I called at 8:30 pm to cancel my order, and they gave us a hard time about it.
I was called at 8:45 pm by the guy delivering the food.  I explained that I called and canceled, and he said we should take the food because they were busy.  Their inability to keep up with their orders is a planning problem, not force majeure.  
If you do delivery, you need to be honest with your estimates.  Obviously I wouldn't have ordered if they had quoted 1.75 hours, but they wouldn't have lost a customer for life like they did tonight.THE BEST Pad Thai I have had in the city so far. Portion sizes are great. I've tried a few vegetarian entrees and all are mediocre, unfortunately, but I'll keep coming back for that pad Thai!The food is decent. Don't get delivery. Delivery men are extremely rude and will hound you for a tip even tho you have already given them oneSlowest service EVER
Sat down for lunch and waited for the girl to take our order - ignored us to answer phones, ignored us to get take-out orders, ignored us for the phone AGAIN, then ignored us and ran into the kitchen... came out back out.. ignored us... ok you get the point. Everything else just seemed more urgent in her book. Never again.Short and simple I made the HUGE mistake of using my credit card when ordering delivery. The delivery guy took it upon himself to add a 3 dollar tip to my card. Glad I check my transactions! The owner Jason acted like it was no big deal and blew it off as a mistake. No way!!!! I told the delivery guy he wasn't getting a tip because he was incredibly rude rolling his eyes and down talking me because he had to wait under 2 minutes for me to answer the door and receive my order. If you do get food here do not use you credit/ debit card. These people are crooks!!!I ordered the shrimp chow mein, shrimp egg foo young, vegetable fried rice and a shrimp roll. Delicious! I want to dine in once the restrictions are lifted.
Delivery was pretty good too. I live in SWP and the food wasn't piping hot but I didn't have to warm it.
Also, the gravy for the shrimp egg foo young was placed in a separate container. And I didn't request it. Totally s!ipped my mind. Good customer service.Bad. Baddddddd. Delivery drivers are ALWAYS difficult. Constantly leaving food at my front desk lobby.I remember this being good Chinese food years ago but was super disappointed by the fishy shrimp pad thai and the wonton soup that had no meat in it at all. It is affordably priced and was delivered quickly, but I guess this is a case of getting what you pay for.This place is horrible. The food was horrible, the order was horrible and wrong! The people were rude. The only reason they even have a star on top is because their delivery was fast. But everything else was horrible. Never will I ever order from here again. HORRIBLE!!!!!I've gone here numerous times and while the food has been OK on several occasions, it's really hit or miss and never great. But the service is what gets to me. I've gone in on numerous occasions and my order hasn't even been close to ready. 
The last straw, though, was when I ordered on Eat 24 and went in to pick up my food only to be told I owed more money. I asked why and was told "we've changed the price from online". Not cool. Done with this place. Go to Jin House down the street.I really think Panda Garden is a good, solid pick for Chinese American food when you're craving it.
They have a huge variety of a lot of classic Chinese American takeout on their menu.  My partner and I ordered it off of seamless, and we really enjoyed everything we got. The price isn't terrible, and the portions are super generous and fed us for another whole meal. 
We ordered the sweet and sour chicken, sesame chicken, walnut shrimp, and Szechuan style pork along with an appetizer of two egg rolls and crab wontons.  The sesame chicken and the walnut shrimp were my two personal faves, and they really packed the takeout container with a ton of meat rather than filling it up with filler veggies. Everything tasted delicious and as expected, and really hit the spot for fulfilling our takeout craving. The order came with two generous portions of white rice, and we weren't charged extra for it.
The only two downsides to the meal were that the dipping sauce with the sweet and source pork was super watered down for some reason? And not as flavorful as I was expecting, and then also our order through Seamless was almost an hour late from the projected time we got, even when we ordered ahead of time. So just be prepared that this place gets super busy on a weekend night at prime dinner time!I wouldn't recommend this restaurant to no one...I order from here several times and I always get take out. I order take out this time around and decided to sit in. I was told by the owner that next time I order take out I have to take my food outside not that I was a paying customer who change their mind at the last minute but was told next time I have to let him know that I'm eating in. My concern to him was I'm a paying customer who decided to eat in at the last minute so you mean to tell me I have to ask to eat my food in a place of business that you have a choice to eat in or take out and his response was it's okay this time but next time I can't.I wish there is 0 star for this restaurant. The food is not clean and filthy. I went there twice because I wanted to give them a second chance because the first order was not good. Anyway, the service is unbelievably rude. I didn't expect much from any casual restaurants but this one makes me so pissed off. The cashier did not understand or forgot that I ordered in. Half way through my meal he came and scolded at me because he thought I ordered togo. Are you serious? Is it really a big deal when there were only 2 customers in the restaurant at the time? and I got yelled for that? Anyway, I walked out and told him there will not be next time for me to come back. Don't come here unless you want to be treated dis respectfully and eat filthy food.Terrible service. Mediocre food (do not order the scallion pancakes - worst I've ever had. Frozen ones at home are better). Similar to bad food court food. I would have given 2 stars but it took 45 minutes to get a simple lunch special meanwhile people were walking in for take out, ordering, and leaving before our food was served. DO NOT recommend.Forgot my lunch at home and decided to order from this place since my colleague's lunch smelled pretty good. Ordered by phone after not getting an answer initially and then receiving a return call. I settled on pork fried rice-lunch special came with an " egg roll " . As far as I could tell, the egg roll consisted solely of the thick wrapper and shredded cabbage. Although the rice seemed to be cooked properly, it was a complete salt bomb--couldn't eat more than a few bites. I'm not sure what the interior of the joint looks like, as the door was locked when I went to pick up my order. Called to try to tell the staff member that I was outside, but just got a gruff, " your order's ready, ok? ". Ended up getting his attention after knocking on the door for a few minutes. Just too many cons to revisit this place.Great place to grab Chinese food from in center City ....
Quick , easy & takes online orders on the appForgot half my order but didn't forget to take all my money total inconvenience for my kids . But good food so 2 starsSeamless review*
I ordered panda garden from seamless and honestly am so disappointed. I went with a classic, chicken with broccoli but opted for the steamed version. The order came without any sauce of the side... why would anyone pay $10 for steamed chicken and broccoli from a Chinese restaurant if they didn't want sauce? Unreal.Delicious food, fast delivery, very nice delivery guy! Big portions! Can't beat it!  If you're in the mood for Chinese food, you should check this spot out! A+++