I go here everytime I go to First Friday in Old City. It has to be one of my favorite restaurants. The service is hit or miss, I have had great experiences and terrible but the food is consistantly delicious. Even though I have tried numerous dishes, my favorite is Orecchiette E Piselli, which is pasta with garlic, ham, and peas in olive oil. It is to die for. My partner in crime enjoys the bolognese sauce. Get the prosciutto wrapped scallops if they are available as an appetizer, it's worth it!Wow so conflicted.  Outside seating + BYOB = amazingness.  On the other hand the food is about the quality you'd find at 30th street station.  You know what?  Hell with it.  Outside BYO in the middle of center city: 5 stars!!  Just eat elsewhere and of course pointless in the wintertime.we've been to panini's at least three times and it's a great little old city spot, especially in the summer when you can sit outside. get a nice olive-oily pressed sandwich (with dozens of options to choose from) and fries, and if you're lucky they will offer you a free glass of fruity wine or sangria with your meal! the interiors arent fabulous but the waitstaff is nice & the food is good.  byob.So I decided to give this place another chance and once again using a groupon I was treated like a second class citizen. Use a groupon and the bill reflects the same price but you get less than other diners around you. For example no fries or side salad at lunch and no complimentary wine at dinner (per my waitress).  So in essence you are getting less than the stated groupon discount. When I pointed this out to the waitress she apologized and got the manager who proceeded to apologize but blamed it on the lack of explanation on the groupon itself.  I call it poor service and a lack of graciousness to give you less than what is printed on the menu just because you used a discount.  A cannoli was offered to us to make up for it but they obviously don't get it.  It's almost like a Seinfeld episode..."you take the reservation but you don't HOLD the reservation"....       And sadly the panini's are not the hot, crisp, delicious  sandwiches they once were. I am not sure my sandwich ever saw the press.    I was a regular but now I am done.I love this place for lunch- their panini's are delicious but FYI, are only available at lunch. Why would you name your restaurant Panini's and then only offer them at lunch?! Oh well, my review is based on lunch only. 
In the summer time, it's so nice to sit outside. The service is awesome- they will do whatever it takes to make you happy. They offer free sangria (by the glass or a whole pitcher). The soups are creative and delicious. You get bread and butter (sometimes dipping oil- ask for it!) while you wait. The menu also has standard Italian fare, but trust me, get the panini on your first visit, add some curly fries if you're not watching your figure, and enjoy. My favorites include the Tuna Italiano (which they also serve as a salad- so good!), Turkey/pesto/aged provolone, Milano, and the Gladiator. You can switch things out, add thing on- whatever you want! I love places like this. The wraps are also great.
Things to note: the service can sometimes be aggressive outside- they really try to pull people in, so beware of that if you sit outside. Gigi's Lounge is right next door and they get crowded, so if you go at night, I'd probably sit inside (which is surprisingly huge- you just can't tell when you're sitting in the front!).
Also, if you're looking for creative art, they've just opened their walls to an artist that has some really fun (pricey) stuff. I also like it when restaurants do this- it keeps the decor fresh and helps local artists get their work out there.We had breakfast here our final day in Philly and it was a solid little place. It wasn't crowded at all and the owner greeted us as we walked by. They were open pretty early so if you are hungry, like we were, there was no wait and my friend was able to order lunch while I stayed with my traditional breakfast (eggs / sausage / toast).Nothing special, but nothing bad either. A BYOB restaurant that also offers complimentary house wine.
For a group of 8, we shared: grilled calamari, mozzarella caprese, pomodoro bruschetta, octopus salad, farfalle a la nino, spaghetti e popette, veal florentine and tilapia. The main dishes come with a choice of side soup or salad.  
Although small, the place can accommodate large groups of up to 8. Any more, and I don't think we would have fit. This is the perfect spot for a more private date that is gentle on the wallet.
Service is great. They helped split our appetizers into portions for easy sharing, and were also willing to let us split the bill (8 credit cards!). I even saw them bring out a vase for a guest receiving flowers. How sweet.My fiance an I decided to use our Opentable coupon yesterday and we were pleasantly surprised by Panini's Trattoria. 
The restaurant is small so expect to be seated nearby other diners and it's a BYOB so bring your favorite wine. We started out our meal with the caprese salad and opted for a topping of prosciutto. It was a refreshing beginning to our dinner and the addition of the prosciutto added a perfect balance to the salad. For my pasta dish, I chose the gnocchi in a creamy tomato sauce. Our server indicated the there was another gnocchi dish with ricotta and a gorgonzola sauce but I wanted to keep things simple. Although, the next time, I may be tempted to go the other way. The sauce was as advertised, creamy and delicious with just the right amount of garlic. My fiance couldn't stop dipping her bread in my bowl. She chose the lasagna as her pasta dish and she enjoyed her meal as well. I sampled it and enjoyed the sweetness of the sauce. For dessert, we split the tiramisu based on one of the reviews on Yelp and we're glad we did. It's the perfect serving for two and we were both satisfied at the conclusion of our meal.
Our sever definitely had her hands full so she couldn't be as attentive as we would have liked but we understand. It was a busy night and there were only two servers so possibly the addition of one more may help them out. We'll definitely go back for another visit when we crave Italian again. The prices are fair so definitely give this place a try.One of the real hidden gems of the Philadelphia restaurant scene. I guess that's partly because the facade is small and sort of gets crowded up by the overflow of businesses on Market Street in Old City. Honestly, I don't care to go out in Old City, but I have made an exception for this place specifically, time and time again. 
It's reasonably-priced, homemade Italian food, the likes of which I have never quite experienced anywhere else. I've never had a dish there in probably a dozen visits, that I didn't love. The staff are extremely friendly and welcoming. They'll also give a complimentary glass of wine with dinner!Was walking around Philly with my boyfriend and decided to stop at this place for dessert and coffee.  The food smelled sooo good we ended up eating dinner there.  Great seating outside and the service was great.  We shared an appetizer (stuffed portobello mushroom) and an entree (ravioli in a tomato sauce).  It was the best italian food I've eaten in a long time.  It's BYOB for those wine lovers.  Highly recommend this place and can't wait to go back!I have never been so shocked by such awful service at a restaurant.  I understand some people have their "off days", but reading these other yelp reviews, I see that I'm in the company of other dissatisfied people.  I will try to make my complaints as short as possible.  I am not a yelp "regular" complainer.  I've had my share of restaurants that have let me down, but I've never felt the need to take it to the pages of yelp until now, because the service and treatment was just horrendous.  
We had reservations at this restaurant and showed up on time to be greeted by the server asking our name on the reservation.  She said she remembered seeing the reservation, but had to apologize because she forgot to hold a table for us. We were a group of 3, and all 3 of us have worked in the industry, so to make it easy for her, we said we'd be happy to sit outside even with the chance of rain.  
After waiting for her to seat us, we awkwardly sat ourselves, because we weren't quite sure what was going on.  It took about 15 minutes until we got menus.   We were brought bread and politely asked for olive oil and butter, the server told us they had both and would be right back with it.  When she came back to tell us the specials, she said she had forgotten the olive oil and butter and apologized, so we ordered our appetizer.  When she came back to take our entree order, which we were not ready to order yet, I politely again asked for olive oil and butter, which she apologized for forgetting again.  No exaggeration, after 3 times of us asking, and approximately 30 minutes later the olive oil, NO butter arrived.  Then we realized it had been 25 minutes or so since we ordered the appetizer, that easily should have been ready, then about 40 minutes later she came out to apologize, that our appetizer had been delivered to the wrong table, and they had eaten it.  I understand people make mistakes, but she should have noticed sooner than 30 minutes that we hadn't gotten our appetizer. 
Soon after, a male had come out to take our entree order, I specifically asked what kind of noodles came with a sausage dish and he said, "you can pick any" so I choose spaghetti noodles, and repeated that twice because I prefer this kind of noodle over any other.  
After about 35 minutes our server came out with the salads apologizing because they had taken so long and obviously they had been forgotten.  
When our entrees finally arrived, I saw they had made my sausage dish with rigatoni.  Let me just mention, I'm easy to please, and don't feel comfortable sending things back, which is why I made this clear in the first place about the noodles.  These were not the noodles I had ordered, so again we had to wait for something simple to be corrected. 
After our plates had been cleared, I asked to see a dessert menu and our server said, "I think the kitchen is closed, let me go check."  When she came back she said the kitchen was closed, which was a shock to us since we were never given word that the kitchen was closing, a verbal "last call", "would you like any desserts before our kitchen closes" or anything!  I had about had it with this place.  
I brought this to our servers attention and she snapped back saying, " Fine I'll grab you the menu and just make it myself or something."  I was so appalled by her attitude and the way everything was handled during this dinner that I just asked for the check.  After looking over the check, and paying the check in full I asked to speak to a manager.  I had done this after paying because I didn't want them to think I wanted any hand outs or comps, but our server told us that she was the manager on the floor at that time... go figure. 
I told her I was very dissatisfied with the service, and not being given the option to get dessert, she apologized and said they were short a server, she's not very experienced and that they were busy that night.  I'm sorry, but that's not my concern.  When I come out to have a nice dinner with friends that I see once a year, commuting from New York City, I'm not dining to hear about the establishment being understaffed, and you not being experienced.  As for them being busy, there were maybe 2 other tables inside while we were dining, again not my problem.
I really wish this place the best, and would have loved to tell my Philly friends about it, but until they "up" their service with experienced servers, this place unfortunately will not be getting the reviews they would be hoping for.I came here with a fairly big group to eat before a semiformal event downtown. The service was not only meh, but the food wasn't fantastic. I would not recommend for groups. I imagine I would have had a much better experience if it was just me and a date because the atmosphere sorta romantic, though it was brightly lit inside. They have outdoor seating but it was raining when we went here. Overall, there are much better intimate BYOs in/around Old City where you can get good Italian dishes.Greasy greasy- that pretty much sums up the panini I had here. The panini was mediocre in size and stuffed with eggplant, broccoli rabe, and provolone. Sounded like a winning combo. The eggplant was slimy (gross). The rabe was bitter (also gross), and the whole sandwich was soft and sort of falling apart. I felt like a picky 5 year old (and I pretty much eat everything) as I took out all the fillings and basically ate the oily bread. Everyone else didn't seem to have the same problem I did so must have been the eggplant, broccoli combo that I picked. 
If you order more than $25 worth of food you get a free pitcher of sangria- sweet! Except that the sangria was really not sangria, but fruit punch with a touch of cheap wine?? I'm not sure what I was drinking, but it definitely wasn't sangria. What do I expect- its free...There's way too many places to get a decent meal in Philly. Panini's is definitely not on that list.....Know what scumbags you're supporting before choosing to dine here.
I have been unemployed for months in this horrible economy. I applied to work at Panini's about 2 weeks ago, and about a week ago Jennifer - presumably a manager - called me asking if I was available. I got back to her and she scheduled me to come in today at 4PM for training. She told me to wear "black on black."
Not OWNING an appropriate black top or any black pants, I went out and bought these items. Or to be specific, I had a friend buy them for me, because I am poor.
I went in today as scheduled. I had to walk from my home around 6th and Tasker to Market and 3rd. In the heavy rain.
When I arrived, within two minutes Jennifer told me that they couldn't use me because "someone came in over the weekend who it looks like is going to work out."
She then told me, as if it was a consolation, that "We don't pay for training anyway, and there's no one here so I don't even know how I would train you. Thanks for coming in, we'll keep you in mind."
Fact: not paying for training is a violation of federal and state minimum wage laws. Look forward to a call from the DA's office, Jennifer, after I report this.
Fact: I will be suing you in small claims court for reimbursement for the clothing I bought in good faith because you said I was hired.
Fact: I overheard the comments you made about my appearance and sexual preference during the brief moment you stepped around the corner when I first came in and you first laid eyes on me. I'm certain the DA will be interested in hearing this too, and will tell me how to handle a complaint of that nature.
Clearly Jennifer and Panini's Trattoria don't give a flying 'F' about anyone, as evidenced by how they treated me today. You can get mediocre feaux-Italian food somewhere else for cheaper. Respect yourself by not giving your money to these scumbags.Ate here for lunch. I ordered the argula salad with chicken. The chicken was jerky, I pushed it to the side. Totally inedible. The salad had no dressing. The only saving grace for lunch was the service. The waiter was amazing and so attentive, I felt bad the food was horrible. The waiter should have  been offended that the food did not live up to the standards he set. Bummer.Excellent service and food.  I visited the restaurant with a large group of friends and the staff took great care of us.  I had the gnocchi, which was cooked perfectly.  My wife had penne with broccoli and oil.  The broccoli was steamed just right and the garlic and oil was very tasty.  I also thought the pricing was reasonable given how well the food was prepared and how large the portions were.  I plan on visiting again to try all the other things on the menu that looked good.  Also, they are many vegetarian and even a few vegan options.I love  this place. The first time I went I was just wandering around Olde City with some friends and we were lured in by the complimentary sangria. The sangria was not anything special, but we loved the food. The server was really nice a helpful. I am vegetarian, as are half my friends, and the restaurant was very accommodating to our needs. Our experience was very pleasant and we have gone back several times. We have never had a bad meal or bad experience there.Who knew Philadelphia would have such fantastic restaurants?!?!  
I am usually a patron of NYC restaurants, but I randomly strolled by this place with my lovely lady and had a glance at the menu.  Originally the plan was to get some dessert and coffee, but then the aromatics of the food just created what I refer to as 'the hunger force.'  We ended up sharing an appetizer and ordering the ravioli.  We did eventually end up having dessert which was lovely.  I would recommend this place for any random Sunday night.  I have realized that Market street doesn't look like the zoo on Sunday nights, so sitting outdoors is a fantastic option.
Cheers!I went here with my boyfriend for restaurant week and loved it! We're not picky people and we've never been before. I set my expectations a little low (restaurant week can be great but I feel like sometimes quality or service goes down a bit) but this was really awesome. The salad course was a little small but the staff was attentive, the food was served hot and came at the right time. I didn't feel rushed. It wasn't too loud. The ambiance isn't anything special but I think they try. Overall- I wouldn't say that this restaurant has innovative food but the food I had was well prepared, served at the perfect temperature, was the right portion size and was good.I was in Philly for the weekend for class. I stopped in a cool vintage shop and asked one of the employees if he knew of any good pasta places in walking distance. He recommended Panini's and pointed me in the right direction. I was sitted immediately, given a menu, and then nothing. No water, no bread, nothing. After about 5 minutes, a waitress finally came to my table "I'm sorry for the wait, it's crazy in here". A surprise to me, as there were only three other tables occupied. I ordered my meal, gnocchi in gorgonzola sauce,  and a glass of water (because no one had ever placed any on the table or asked me if I wanted a beverage). Meal came with a side salad and supposedly bread, this was another thing I had to ask for since no one brought me any. I should mention when I finally got my bread, it was supposed to be toasted..of course, it was cold. I didn't even mention it, just wanted to eat my pasta and go. The gnocchi was decent..the cream sauce was delicious. 
Two stars for the cream sauce and side salad and cheap prices.Just had a great meal with a few friends. The food, service and overall hospitality was easily 5 stars! I strongly suggest the ravioli and the Tiramisu. This place is going above and beyond to please their customers, and so I've had no hesitation in giving Trattoria a 5 star rating. Thanks for a great dinner!My office is a few doors down from this place.  I walk by it every day, and every day, without fail, I am accosted by the annoying hostess asking if I'd like to join them for lunch today.  I just want to give her $20 and tell her to go find a new, more rewarding job.
I've dined in and had takeout from Panini's, and each time I have been disappointed.  Their namesake is always cold, soggy, and overpriced.  Some of the sandwiches are $9+ and come with no side, so strange.  Real panino in Italy cost 2 Euro and are thin, hot and crispy.
I wish the food was better because I'd go here more often (I love convenience!), but coupled with the mediocre service, I'll stay away.  I think the only reason why this place is still in business is because of dreadful tourists - I always see packed outdoor tables, especially in the warmer months.  It boggles my mind.First time in Philly and found this great home-base restaurant.  Both lunch and dinner entrées were great on the palate and wallet. A true trattoria.
Service was perfect for lunch and a bit hurried at dinner, though never had the feeling of being rushed out so they could turn the table.
Atmosphere was pleasant and a perfect level of background music to mask table to table conversations while not having to raise your voice at your own.
Single restroom was large, clean and sufficient for the amount of seating.
BYOB since a liquor license is so expensive but they provide a "free" glass of wine.  Nicely handled and appropriate.
Locals and tourist can enjoy together.
PROS:
Full and wide menu of quality plates.
Small and cozy.
Neighborhood atmosphere while only two block from the Liberty Bell.
CONS:
Table bread could improve, nothing more than a cold, white, grocery store baguette.It was nice to dine al fresco here, our host was very kind and attentive. Our waitress was smiling through her teeth and made us feel awkward. We waited awhile for the food, we got the orecchiette and one of the specials. The pasta was overcooked and had barely any pancetta and the chicken dish wasn't anything special. Also the sangria was super weak. Wasn't worth the price for us. We could have gone to High Street across the street.We got really tasty panini here for takeout.  Looks like they have wine now and have expanded their menu.  Everything is made fresh to order."Restaurant week is overrated," read the commentary I read on the day of my dinner reservation at Panini's. So maybe I went in trying to find evidence of that.
That said, we were a group of eight on a Thursday night, having chosen this place for our restaurant outing on the basis of its BYOB policy. Our waitresses (one was training) were very friendly, and walked us through the special four-course, $35 menu one item by one. So there was nothing lacking in that department, for sure.
Each of my courses was pretty tasty and creatively constructed. But for sure, they were skimping on the ingredients which were the lead in the dishes. The crab cake was brimming with vegetable filler, and the NY strip was sliced about as thin as lunch meat. Of the three desserts, two were available, and mine was extremely small.
We had a really good time, but the food here was really not special. Not bad, but also not special.I have eaten here many times and enjoyed the food and service....until today.  I had purchased a Groupon deal for lunch and looked forward to the visit.  There were only 3 tables occupied on a cold winter day, yet the waitress was so slow taking our order the chef came out of the kitchen and took our order...guess he was bored.  
My favorite panini arrived but instead of the hot crusty sandwich I had enjoyed previously it was soft and cold.  Had to send it back.  Then I got the bill and for a table of 2 they had added on a 20% gratuity!  I was surprised and asked why and was told it was their policy because Groupon customers never tip.  Big mistake!  I had been a good customer before this visit and now you've assumed I'm a cheapskate because I used a Groupon.  When I complained the waitress in a huff said I could refuse to pay it.  I did in fact refuse to pay their assumed gratuity for poor service and cold food.  I left a tip that was appropriate.
Unfortunately I have another groupon to use by May...The food was really good, as well as the service. The host was really nice and helpful, and free wine doesn't hurt. I got the chicken parmesan which was pretty awesome.I ordered the Gnocchi w/alfredo. The Gnocchi itself was great but the afredo was way too salty. Also they should let you still get the salad even with the takeout, but they don't?I went here over the weekend for restaurant week with a group of 5.  We picked this place to go because the menu looked delish and it is BYOB which is always a plus! 
The atmosphere is okay.  It's a very small and not much goin on.  But the staff was very friendly and was always checking on us.
The food was not so good.  First course was awesome I had the mussels in red sauce.  Second course was some type of shrimp thing?  It was disgusting! I don't even think that the shrimp was cooked.  The rest of the meal was pretty decent, don't know if I would go back.Great little BYOB. Salads (garden and caprese) had wonderful dressings and were very delicious. Homemade pasta was cooked perfectly. Calamari was a bit overdone.  Limoncello cake was outstanding and delightfully refreshing.Buon Appettito!
Panini's Trattoria is a tiny little nook, located in historic Old City, with plenty of sidewalk seating and two cozy ( a bit cramped ) dining rooms inside. The small open kitchen is located centrally between the lower and upper dining rooms, which I would consider a small galley style kitchen, where turning around, you are from one large stove and ovens to additional cooking areas behind you and the small area against the far wall is for hand washing glasses and dishes.
Mind you all of that was not said to put them down, I actually believe they made great use of the allotted space, the one restroom is unisex, be sure to lock the door as I walked in on a very elderly man...
We chose to dine inside and were greeted immediately, seated and our hostess Jennifer ( I think was her name ) was also our server. Talk about knowledgeable of her profession and so on the ball, she was the only one on and handled both the dining room and the patio without fail. 
Not realizing this was a BYOB, we were offered complimentary wine, she did not need to twist my arm as I smiled and said yes please, Hubs had his coke, while we enjoyed fairly good bread, served warm with a pretty good seasoned dipping oil.
With your entree you have your choice of soup or a house salad, Michael had a nice split pea soup, which we both enjoyed and I had a great house salad that was loaded with bruschetta, it was perfectly dressed and we were happy campers.
Several reviews have indicated how the restaurant was not allowing this or that because of vouchers they had bought on line and we did not encounter any of that, we were given the same treatment any one walking in without a voucher would receive. In fact when we paid our server commented on what a great deal these were and suggested I check out Opentable for their recent offer.
Their prices are low so we ordered three entrees, whatever. Hubs had spaghetti with grilled sausages, which he finished easily along with another basket of warm hard crusted bread. I used some of that bread to dip into the perfectly cooked linguine with white clam sauce, yum. The clams were plentiful both in and out of the shell and tender, while the garlic sauce was just perfect on top of a generous portion of pasta.
Most of the linguine with white clam sauce came home with us for lunch the next day along with half of my large piece of chicken parmesan and ziti with a marinara sauce. I've had better chicken parmesan, but it was good, a bit over cooked.
So many restaurants in Philadelphia, so many struggling to make it, but I would most definitely return to Panini's, which by the way also serves brunch and has a wonderful selection of Panini's.
In Italian Panino means bread, Panino Imbottito means stuffed or filled bread or in English, a sandwich and a Panini is a pressed and grilled Panino Imbottito, see I also received a free lesson while dining here.
Cozy, good food, inexpensive, great menu and good service, check them out. 3.85 stars 
Mille Grazie!The only reason I am giving this place two stars was because the service was great...
We came here because we got a an Opentable Spotlight Coupon...I believe $20 for $40 here and it was a BYO so we figured why not...
Our table was served bread, which tasted kind of stale. It was hard/crunchy, as if they cut it up first thing in the morning and let it just sit out the entire day.
As an appetizer we started with the calamari...which was very chewy and clearly not fresh. They served it with a tiny side of marinara which we immediately needed more of to help mask the taste.
For entrees we both decided on pastas...I got the orecchiette with Brocolli rabe and sweet italian sausage. It was ok...but for a $15 pasta dish..I expected the pasta to be fresh...you could taste that it was bought from a store vs made on site.
My boyfriend got the gnocchi with a ricotta cheese sauce. Once again..it was ok. but for the price of it, i expected better quality ingredients.
Overall, will not be returning. Overpriced "fake" italian food.... you can get far better in the city.Definitely so many better places to eat. 
We ordered panini's and were disappointed that the ingredients were cold and thrown together. Your restaurant's name is in the name of what we ordered and I could have easily gotten a better panini at Panera. 
2 stars because it was edible enough and super cheap so if you just want something cheap and don't care about quality - this is for you.Worst experience ever!!! For 1.5 hours nobody had any food in the back room. The waiter was running around with empty hands. A table left after waiting for 1 hour with nothing on the table. They need more waiters and cooks.The service here was AWFUL.  Granted, it was restaurant week so I understand things are a little hectic but I have never had a worse experience at a restaurant.  When we arrived for our reservation, we had to wait 25 minutes to be seated and due to the restaurant's small space, my boyfriend and I were forced to hover over other guests while they were eating.  We were told our table was actually right behind us because others who were waiting to be seated had sat in our seat. After the other guests were finally seated, we watched the table we were told we would be sitting at, moved.  Right in front of us, they brought a table from the back and placed it where we were originally supposed to be seated.  Two chairs were then dragged inside from the outdoor patio and placed at our table.  We were told our table was ready, without any acknowledge or apology of the half hour wait and the fact that we were sitting in LAWN CHAIRS. I've worked as a hostess and waitress for 8 years and if I had ever made someone sit in a lawn chair in a supposed nice restaurant, I would make sure they received the best service possible from then on.  However, we had no steady waitress, instead our order was taken by the hostess and two out of my 5 courses (two of the remaining three were the same for everyone) were not what I ordered.  With my experience as a waitress I try to be as empathetic as possible however this was just a horrible experience overall.Came here a month ago and had a great time. The server was very nice and knowledgeable. Authentic italian cuisine and no cork fee for BYOB! I have been most places in philly and this was one of the best!Pretty good food with a creative twist.  Creme brulee was excellent.  Make sure you BYOB - they don't have a liquor license.3.5 stars
my friends and i stopped by this place for breakfast/brunch before our flight back to CA. we were attracted to their "complimentary mimosas" sign LOL. i noticed the food portions were HUGE! 
1. their pancakes and french toast with side of meat were pretty filling. their pancakes are HUGE, as was the french toast. they do only give you like one piece of sausage cut in half so it's like two pieces. the best part, CHEAP! my friend and i who ordered this were surprised at how cheap each one was. we thought we were paying the brunch special, which was still pretty cheap, but when we saw our bill... O.O what?! yeah, dirt cheap
2. their paninis are fat and tall! YEP, they pile on the meat and make you so full that you can't even think about finishing the rest haha. they had a good selection of paninis at pretty good prices. 
3. they had a frittata special that came with a side salad, home fries, and toast. this one was really a ton of food on one plate. flavor-wise, it wasn't the best but when you're super hungry, everything tastes good. 
minus 1.5 stars for the service. the younger petite girl was nice when we passed by and the other lady with the curly hair in an updo was also very attentive. the other two ladies that worked there weren't as nice; they kept coming over to the table and interupting conversations by asking us TWICE (even THREE TIMES) what we had ordered or what it was we needed. The overall service wasn't great. we didn't receive our syrup for the pancakes until about almost halfway through eating, and we had to remind them about our complimentary mimosas. 
so in summary, their food is ok but they do serve a lot of food so if you're super hungry, eat here. service needs to be stepped up, and prices are good!My friend and I went to Philly on business trip. We were famished and ate there. I had Penne Puttanesca and he had Lasagna. The food was excellent true to the Italian tradition of cooking. The wait staff was friendly and helpful. They do not serve wine which bothered me but got complimentary glass of wine. They filled it half way. I  complained and got a full glass of wine. The wine was delicious. We had lemonciello cake and decaf espresso for dessert. Yummy yum!  I will definitely go back. The price is reasonable and the decor pleasant. Bon Appetito!This place deserves a solid 4 stars. It's not a place I can rave about but it was good. After living in Old City for over a year, I must have walked past this place a thousand times. But I never noticed it, and I'm not sure why. I think that explains exactly how I feel about this place. It's good but not great. Nothing to go out of your way for (which, let's be honest, it's on Market Street so its really not out of your way). 
The service was nice, especially for a Friday night. We made reservations, but we probably didn't need to at 9:00. Understanding that this place specializes in Panini's, it's unfair to note that I didn't actually try a Panini. Maybe they're the best Panini place in Philly. If so, I promise to update upon my return. I've been spoiled with BYOBs across the city, so it's probably not worth noting that they do not charge a corking fee. 
The crispy calamari was a great starter, and plenty of food for two people. We both enjoyed specials so, again, perhaps I'm not being fair to their regular menu. Everything looked good but we decided to try something different. My pollo dish was really really good. A nice caper cream sauce with roasted red peppers (ah, the key to my palate). My dining partner did not enjoy her dish quite so much (thus bringing a potential 5-start rating down a notch). 
This place can go both ways. Obviously some people love it, and enough people love it to bring a 4-star average. I might be back.Food was awful. Chef does not know how to cook Branzino. Basically just smothered everything in butter no crisp whatsoever. The portobello appetizer was tasty but extremely small. Place was overbooked and people were hovering around the tables the entire time we ate. We will not be going back!I actually liked this place. The key is to order simple things. Stay away from the fancy expensive dishes because those are not their best. My boyfriend ordered an expensive veal dish that was way over salted. I got a chicken panini and it was really yummy! Their Italian wedding soup was also quite tasty. And since the service was somewhat slow, the waitresses gave us a free dessert to make it up to us. Their sangria was also very good! So in short, I recommend this place for a nice mellow lunch. Stick to the simple menu and you will enjoy it.5 stars for the food, price, and BYOB!!!!  They have recently changed their service staff which was a big downgrade in my opinion.  Loved who they had before... 
The food makes up for it though. Great hole in the wall!!!Okay, so I'll first say I went in thinking this was going to be bad experience after reading the reviews...most of which was true. We were sat right away and then waited a little while for the waitress to come back...that wasn't so bad since we started on our wine. One took our order, another asked how everything was (once during the 5 course Restaurant Week menu) and another filled waters and cleared plates. The girl clearing plates was wearing a dingy jacket while she did so. I assume she was outside, but take your coat off when it's dirty looking. 
The food was nothing to rave about. The portabella salad was 1/2 a mushroom on top of spring mix, and then the salad was another portion of spring mix with brusetta, which was tasty, just plain. Three pastas came out, which was probably the best part. I ordered the chicken breast which was served over mashed potatoes. The chicken was thinly sliced which I liked but it wasn't anything that I couldn't have made myself. Dessert could have been skipped, a mousse that was much firmer than any mousse we had ever had. When we asked about the mousse she seemed to have no clue and mentioned nuts on top that no one saw. It was also served with a strawberry dipping sauce (not sure what was supposed to be dipped) and a cream puff pastry.....nothing that great. 
Over all I would not go back and while it was 5 courses they might want to go with quality over quantity.Great service.  Lobster bisque was terrific as were the desserts.  Kudos to Jennifer.  Meat on the hoagie was good & fresh.A great little spot in Old City section of Philly. Great italian dishes and equally great service. Entree comes with free glass of wine also; a nice touch!I am feeling super happy and generous - so I am giving Panini's and our lovely server Breah and the other nice ladies who poured water and served our Mother's Day party of 4 this afternoon.  It may only be a 3 star place - but we had a 4 star experience (with 5 star weather for dining al fresco).
The inside of the restaurant is being renovated (and it sorely needs it) and we had a lovely table reserve outside.  (Luckily no car exhaust fumes and no weirdness - plus the aforementioned PERFECT balmy, non-humid, sunny spring day made for a perfect 2 PM reservation.
My 6 year old chowed down on the (boring coled) bread basket right away and ate about a third of her ENOURMOUS (same size as the grown ups) $7.50 kids meal of spaghetti with marinara sauce.
My mom had an antipasta salad which was chock-full of goodies including fresh mozz., marinated artichoke hearts and marinated mushrooms (I ate her 'shrooms - and found then a tad too vinegary for my liking), but my mom loved it.
Dad had liguine al vongole (white) with small tender clams (in shell) and strangely enough - very LIGHT on the garlic.  (usualy liguini with clam sauce is garlic city - but not here.)  He ate every bite and the sauce was perfectly clammy and olive-oil without being a puddle of oil.  NICE!
I loved every bite of my Fettucini with Eggplant (the little one has decide now that she's tried Spaghetti, Liguine and Fettucine all at one meal that she likes fettucine now - so she at a few twirls of mine).  The pastas were all perfectly cooked.  Al dente.  not mushy, not undercooked either.  YUM.
Too full for dessert.  Not super expensive.
I sure hope the renovate soon.  (They are in progress.)
Surprisingly good service.
VERY pleased and will return (We dined pre-Arden Theater.).My girlfriend and i went into the city to try Gigi's but they were closed. As we were walking away a nice lady asked us if we would like to give the place next door a try. She quickly but very politely seated us and went over her menu. It all sounded really good. We were treated like we were the only patrons in the place. (even though the place was pretty busy) Food was really good and the service was FANTASTIC... We will be back...We came here kind of randomly for brunch, got great food and friendly service for a very good price--not to mention complimentary mimosas. They don't have drinks to order they do invite you to BYOBWent with a group at lunch time on a weekday and we were the only people in there.  The waitress brought the wrong sandwich out for one of us.  When the mistake was brought to her attention, she said she was certain we ordered what she brought out and without apologizing, asked if we would just eat it, "because it will take a while to make the other item." 
One of us got a panini, and it was barely edible.  The chicken inside was cold, while the outside of the bread was burned.  The chicken cutlet sub was some sort of  cold shaved chicken, and not breaded tenders, like expected.  
Between the less than accommodating service and the mediocre food, we won't be back.  So many other great places in Old City for lunch.This place was so bad it was kind of funny. The sangria is free, but did not seem to contain any alcohol. The service was unbelievably slow, and the waitress was acting very oddly. We asked for an ice bucket for our wine, and she told us that they were all being used. She then left, and came back to assure us that she had found a temporary ice bucket that she would be bringing over. We pointed out that the table next to us had just handed her their check and no longer had anything in their ice bucket, but she said she could not give it to us until the other party left. She then walked away, returned with a jug full of water and some ice, and attempted to dunk our wine bottle into it. The wine bottle bobbed awkwardly around the top of the water. Finally the other table left and she brought us the actual ice bucket.
Meanwhile, our dinner took over an hour to arrive at the table, even though there were only about four other parties. The pasta was overcooked and the sauces were nothing special.My girlfriend and I are fans of "the groupon" (if you don't know what this is, send me a message and I'll hook ya up). We randomly decided to pick one up for Panini's having heard just about nothing about the place - we win! 
Panini's is exceptionally yummy. The service is down to earth and friendly - you truly feel as if they really appreciate your business. It's a little tiny (very NYC style) so it's not a great place to bring large groups or small children, but otherwise it's a no-brainer. 
Also, the espresso is devine. We were passing by a few days later and decided to just pop in for the espresso. Yumm!This review is about takeout/delivery since I've never eaten in the restaurant. Their food is amazing! It's inexpensive yet authentic Italian. We've ordered pasta dishes, sandwiches, salads, etc., and none have been a disappointment. Their takeout/delivery service is very quick as well. Sometimes your dishes are ready in 15 minutes if you're picking them up. Panini's is in our heavy dinner rotation.The food was solid and the service was fine. They had a really good shrimp and ricotta cheese appetizer! Better than all of the negative reviews!attention!!! the ONLY reason why this place is getting 4 stars is because I went here during a Phillies game and the place next door had the game on and the people inside were so loud it was distracting.
so my review begins... i made reservations through yelp just to be sure I got a table at 630 on a friday night. i didn't even need it. i think there were 3 other tables occupied. we decided to sit outside and it was a beautiful night so it was great. the inside is adorable and very family oriented feeling to it. a bit too small for my taste so the outdoor seating was great.
as an appetizer my boyfriend and i split the tuna stuffed calamari. it was delicious, so moist and tender it melted in your mouth. did i mention its BYO?!? yea thats pretty cool too.. i had the gnocchi, so good! my boyfriend had sausage, peppers and onions with rigatoni, it was ok but im just saying that because i thought mine was better. we split the tiramisu which was a wonderful ending to a lovely night. 
the staff was very friendly and it definitely felt like we were just having dinner with friends or at someones house. this place was intimidating because its in old city but it definitely adds a down to earth feel to other snobby places that just around the corner.
overall, a great experience!I can finally give this place 5 stars!!! there was no phillies game going on and no obnoxious people yelling at the restaurant next door. i went for restaurant week! 
4 courses for $35 and its BYOB!!! therefore i didnt get to try the free pitcher of sangria... 
this food is so delicious its a shame to finish everything on your plate... makes you a lot slower just so it doesnt end too quickly. 
the staff is so helpful and theyre all really nice. it was interesting to see how the quality of the service went down as more people came in. at first we were the only ones there and she was SO attentive.. then a group of 5 came in and she sort of let us alone and then it got really crowded and by the end it was clear that she was trying to kick us out so she could seat someone... even though i was annoyed by this i will still return because the food is worth it. 
i prefer the outdoor seating but the inside is quite nice. the open kitchen makes it feel very warm and comforting.. although after a while it got pretty warm inside with all the cooking going on. even though it seems like a few things were off... the food deserves 5 stars!This experience was an utter train wreck.  We decided we'd better use up our Groupon as it was about to expire, and probably we weren't the only ones with that cunning plan because our server asked us right away if we had a voucher.  
We were seated quickly and received menus and water.  After mulling over our options for about five minutes, our server came to us and gave us the specials, surreptitiously reading them off the small standing menu on our table, then left us alone to decide for another five minutes.  On returning to take our order, our server pointed out that the entrees are "house specials" that come with soup or salad and bread, but since we're using a Groupon we would only be getting the bread, and would have to pay extra for soup or salad.  I didn't care enough at the time to make a fuss, but in retrospect it was such a small thing to gyp us on, especially since these options were part of their regular menu and not a conflicting promotion.  Stranger still, we expected to pay for our two glasses of house wine, but these turned out to be complimentary.  These would have been better if the glasses weren't fresh out of the dishwasher and hot to touch.  Not that I'm a house wine snob or anything, but I didn't appreciate having to wait twenty minutes for my red wine to cool down to room temperature.
We started with bruschetta, which was okay but not great.  I appreciated that they skinned the tomatoes, which many places do not.  When we were about done, our server came by to make sure we we had everything, and said that she would not be bringing out bread because we already have some (pointing to the bruschetta).  As she started to walk away, the boyfriend said that actually we would like some bread.  We received a couple of pieces of soft warm French bread that the boyfriend used to pick up the fallen toppings.  I had mine buttered, and it was all right.
Getting the food on the table was a disaster.  I had ordered the Veal Saltimbocca (veal with prosciutto), brought over by a server in training.  After putting the food down, I couldn't dig in right away because I had relinquished my knife when the appetizers were taken away.  Our "real" server approached, turned my plate around (honestly, I don't even know what is right way up for a dinner plate, so there was no need for more hands to touch my food), and asked if we wanted pepper and Parmesan.  We said yes, and I also asked for a knife.  We waited a few minutes longer, gazing despondently at our food, until eventually I grabbed my fork and started picking at the potatoes.  Finally, our server came back and asked us if we wanted pepper and Parmesan.  Again, we said yes, and she came back with both, but no knife.  As she turned to leave, the boyfriend asked her to bring me a knife (yes, I'm one vertebra short of a backbone), and finally I had a knife.  Unfortunately it was yet another dull dinner knife, which frankly sucked for hacking away at veal and prosciutto.  
The meal itself was okay at first, but too salty to finish.  The potatoes on the side were nice, while the spinach was awful and remained mostly untouched.  The boyfriend had potato gnocci which I forgot to try, but he didn't seem very impressed.
Halfway through our meal, the boyfriend mentioned to me that some more bread would be nice to soak up the sauce, at which point our server magically appeared and asked us if we would like some more bread.  We never received our bread.
We ended with the Tiramisu, as per our server's hearty recommendation.  We wanted coffee, but weren't offered any, and the server rushed off before we could ask.  It's probably just as well because a minute later I heard the server calling out to the kitchen for an order of "expresso". 
The bill turned out to be another $20 on top of our $40 Groupon, with tax and before tip.  At least there was that.I was in town on business and was looking for a place for a good Philly cheesesteak.  I walked past this place and talked with one of the servers.  Later I returned with some friends and decided to try the food here.  
That decision turned into a  wonderful eating experience.   This place has amazing food and the deserts are out of this world.  A complimentary glass of wine to start off with is a bonus.  I would recommend this restaurant to anyone living in or traveling to Philly.
I say it's not good for groups because it's a small place.  We had 7 in our party and we took up quite a bit of space.These people have NO IDEA  how to run a restaurant.  I don't mean to be harsh, but if you're out of everything, and it takes an hour to make simple egg dishes which, after said wait, aren't even cooked properly, then there's something seriously wrong.  
Let's recap the events of our adventure there, shall we......
My friend and I spent a quick weekend in Philadelphia for a concert. Had a blast, other than a seemingly endless array of hiccups at every single turn.  This was one of those hiccups; and when I say "one" I mean one hiccup broken up into a dozen parts (like the economics final in Back to School).  
So we are walking around the area and happen upon this place, it seems nice and they have outdoor seating, perfect for a beautiful day in old town (or whatever you bonehead Eagles fans call it).  Not only that, they were advertising Free Bloody Mary's with every breakfast order.  Perfect!! 
So we sit down, order our bloody marys and start perusing the menu.  When our waitress came back with our drinks, I noticed two things immediately: (1) there was almost no alcohol in the drink, and (2) the size of the glass it came in was akin to that of a urine sample cup you use at the doctor's office.  If you are giving away complementary drinks, don't skimp on the alcohol.  Big no-no.  When we ordered a second round, we asked them to make it stronger and put it in a larger glass.  Granted, they obliged, but it took so long for us to get them that by the time they arrived, the vodka and bloody  mary mix (more on this below) had completely separated.  Big no-no for any restaurant.  Always checks your drinks before you serve them!! 
Anyway, we order our food......or at least we tried to.  I wanted a Greek omelette.  They were out of feta cheese and olives (that's 2 things).  Fine.  No problem, I can understand being out of something, it happens in every restaurant.  I switched my order to eggs with bacon and rye toast.  I'm immediately informed that they're out of rye toast.  That's 3 things.  Big no-no.  My friend ordered eggs and bacon too, and asked for his bacon crispy.  I think he may have even asked her twice to make sure it's crispy.  
After placing our order, and sipping on our mostly unpleasant bloody marys, we notice that nobody around us has received any food at all.  There were about 6 tables, all filled before we got there, and nary a plate of food was to be seen.  Now, I understand getting bogged down in the kitchen and being in the weeds, but to not have served a single dish?? Breakfast plates take a few minutes to spit out; there's absolutely not reason why it should take more than 10 minutes between ordering and receipt of your dish.  We waited a good 45 minutes and the other tables seemingly waited just as long.  Unacceptable.  If you're short-staffed in the kitchen, then the manager has to get in there and start cooking.  It's the manager's job.  
During that 45-minute period, we asked for a third round of drinks.  Our waitress, who was very polite and apologetic (to her credit), told us that they were out of bloody mary mix (that's 4 things) and that one of the staff went to the store to go buy more mix.  This is something you shouldn't do for 2 reasons: (1) you never admit that you buy a mix from a local supermarket, especially when the customer can see how much it costs and how much you charge per drink; and (2) you never admit that you use a mix in the first place.  If you're at a restaurant, there is no excuse for not making fresh drinks with fresh ingredients.  Period.  
About 10 minutes later, the waitress came back outside and when she approached us, we asked her again for our third round. She said, "sorry, we're out of bloody marys." We reminded her that just 10 minutes prior, she said an employee went to the store to go buy some.  She responded, and I quote "well, he went to the store, but he's just a cook."  Now I have no idea what that means. Just complete disarray.
Finally, our food came.  My friend's eggs were nowhere near cooked properly.  They were woefully underdone, bordering on inedible.  My eggs weren't much better, but I was so hungry that I was willing to risk a trip to the hospital for salmonella poisoning.  The crispy bacon he ordered was also terribly underdone.  The hash browns were bland and chalk-dry.  While we were examining our victuals, I couldn't help but overhear similar complaints from our dining neighbors.  
I give this place 2 stars because despite the numerous issues, they were friendly and they did not charge us for anything.  But come on people, if you run a restaurant that can't spit out properly cooked egg dishes in less than 45 minutes and you're out of half of the things people regularly ask for (not out of the ordinary items either like harissa spice or haggis), then get out of the business.  That was amateur city.Byob, but offers a free glass of wine or sangria. I had Chicken Marsala, and Tiramisu and both were excellent! Service was fast and friendly.We were running late for eating dinner before a massage appointment and thought there was no way we were going to be able to have a sit down dinner, but we asked and they were able to get it out within 10-15 minutes.  It was amazing as well!Went here one afternoon with a couple of friends.  A great start was the free pitcher of sangria.  It's actually a free glass per person but since there were three of us they gave us a pitcher.  I'm all for free stuff.  Another cool thing was that it's a BYOB on top of it.  The food was good, nothing amazing by any means.  The panini was crunchy not greasy.  Overall a good place to go to have a panini and people watch.My advice: Eat in and don't order the sandwiches 
I ordered the fresh mozzarella, vine ripened tomato and fresh basil panini. I thought that it was bland though the bread was decent. The fries had foreign, non-potato substances in them. 
My friend ordered an American hoagie - no ham. It came with ham. We ordered delivery so after we discovered the errors and gross fries there wasn't anything we could do about it. 
I will not be dining there againUsed to work down the street from this spot and never even noticed it, it's that small.  Went on a Saturday night with my mom around 6:00 and was seated right away.  We were both offered a complimentary glass of wine while we looked over the menu.  We wound up splitting a salad and each ordering pasta.  Good food, good service.  Couple months later we had a family dinner with 13 people in the back of the restaurant.  It was a tight squeeze but we all were able to fit and the service was good.  The place can get loud b/c it is smaller but all in all it is a good spot.This place was so cramped and the decoration was sub par. I could hardly enjoy the food because we were placed in the back where the door was slightly ajar, letting in a cold breeze. I would not come back.Service gets an A+, but it was not a busy night.  Food gets a C-. For a party of 8, most was well prepared, but a couple of the salmon dishes were not cooked completely.  the crab stuffing was so spicy it masked the other flavors in the dish.  And they charged a 23% tip on food & tax.Came for dinner and ordered salads for the appetizer. I apologize if the names are incorrect, but I believe it was the ensalada de mixto and the fungi riperi. Both very delicious. These two salads won me over right away!
Had pasta bolognese for my entree, which was nothing to die for. Fettucini was a bit undercooked, but for pasta bolognese I wasn't expecting anything exciting.
The house salad that came alongside the entree was surprisingly very very delicious actually. It was mixed greens with fresh croutons and tomatoes dressed in their vinagrette.
Because I couldn't decide between the salad or the soup (italian onion, tasty), the server gave me both! We were the last table of the night, but I thought that was very sweet.
The service was very helpful and attentive. She was very sweet and genuine. This seems like the type of place where they will remember you.
Oh! And don't forget, this is a BYOB! We ended up not making the Wine & Spirits in time, but Panini's offers a complimentary glass of white or red wine.
The service here was definitely memorable, and I will be back!Boyfriend & I love getting takeout from Panini's.  Their food is fresh & filling - our favorites include the gnocci & taco wrap.  The latter is incredibly tasty & I often find myself hungering for it!
The takeout is always ready quickly & they even offer delivery which is also very fast.
We've eaten in at Panini's on one or two occasions.  The decor is not the greatest & its quite small inside (sidewalk seating is also an option) but the food is still tasty & reasonably priced & the service is friendly & attentive as well!I recently went to Panini's with a Groupon Now deal and I will definitely be back. This is a hidden gem. Every entree came with soup or salad and a glass of wine, although the place is BYOB. Great atmosphere and service. Really, the servers are very good. The fried calamari was a bit overdone and chewy, but the entrees were fantastic. We had chicken parm with pasta and chicken trattoria with spinach and mashed potatoes. The red sauce is one of the best in the city. Great spot to check out in Old City. Total bill before the coupon was about $50.I had an absolutely delightful evening here, working on my current writing project while sitting at an outside table.  There was a beautiful breeze, the waiter was friendly and let me sit a long time, and the food was wonderful.  I highly recommend!Good, relatively inexpensive eats.  Four of us dined (2 getting a panini and 2 ordering pasta) and no one had any complaints.  I would recommend it for any small group (the place has maybe 10 tables inside) that is spending the day walking around old city/penn's landing.  Added plus, it's a BYO.We came to Panini's because it is a local BYOB and seemed reasonably priced.  The restaurant was very busy, and the staff was as attentive as they could be.  They were also very friendly and accommodating. 
The food is where I think this restaurant lacked.  The bread was dry, the oil for dipping had no taste, and the appetizer salad was covered in a heavy oil.  We ordered the octopus salad for an appetizer.  It was tough and chewy.  I love octopus, and I was very disappointed.  I ordered the Chicken Parm for my entrée, which was also dry.  My date, however, ordered the Gorgonzola Gnocchi, which was heavenly.  The sauce definitely made the meal..light and full of flavor.  
I think this place has potential, and I see the appeal...as the sidewalk seating on a nice day makes for some great people watching.  Unfortunately, the purpose of dining is for the food, and I think there are some major improvements needed here.Amazing food some of the best Italian I have had at a great price.  With tip I paid  $22 for dinner it came with choice of soup or salad, entree, and choice of sangria house red or white. For entree I had bow tie pasta in olive oil and sausage.  It was an amazing dish. The atmosphere was what you expect from a small little restaurant just warm and inviting had a good vibe.Chicken cacciatore was awesome. Highly recommended.I don't want people to think that my three stars means I don't like this place. I really do, mainly because it's a solid choice. My rating isn't higher though because it is just that, solid. Nothing particularly fantastic, nothing that stands out. In fact, I've lived in Old City for a year now and just recently noticed this place even existed.
This is the perfect place for a dinner on a  night you just aren't up for cooking.  I'm pretty sure you could stroll in here reservation-less and still get a table. The staff is super friendly and the prices are really reasonable. It is a BYO so don't forget your bottle. But even if you do, they will still give you one complementary glass of wine or sangria, a really nice touch.  
I had stuffed mushrooms and mushroom soup (can you tell I'm a fungi fan?) Both were tasty but I can name places with better of each, just at more expensive prices. 
I'd most certainly suggest this place as a casual dinner location, or during the summer a nice happy hour spot (as long as you bring your beverage)  to also grab apps and sit outside.Service was OK but this place was so empty it felt like they were just standing there staring at me eating. Soup was OK. No bread or crackers. Lunch was a sad $12 version of eggplant parmesan with a former description. What I got was breaded eggplant that tasted like it had been frozen and recooked and was so mushy I could eat it with a spoon. The only reason I gave this place 2 stars was because the pasta and sauce were OK tasting. Also I told the server I was staying at a local hotel (as the sign out front instructed) and she failed to honor the 10% discount.After flying in from Chicago, my husband and I ventured out into the streets of Philadelphia looking for a lunch spot.  We stumbled upon this little venue and were very pleased with our discovery.  The service was very welcoming, the atmosphere was cozy and the food was delicious.  I had the eggplant panini-- just plain delicious.  If I ever go back to Philadelphia I will be sure to come back!Panini's is my new favorite place!  It's the perfect place to go for a nice dinner without overspending.  My friend and I found it one afternoon when we were walking around Old City and stopped in for a later lunch/early dinner.  The staff really went out of their way to make us feel comfortable and we got a free pitcher of sangria with out meal!  I took my friends back there for dinner and they had no problem accommodating a larger party.  We brought our own wine and they still brought us two pitchers of sangria which was great!
Everything I've had to eat there has been delicious.  I still want to try their dessert but I've been too full after dinner so far.We found this restaurant thanks to yelp and couldn't have enjoyed the food more. The restaurant is small and unassuming with a very helpful and personable staff. BYOB was a plus too. I had the pesto stuffed ravioli which was made in house and delicately delicious. My boyfriend had the fish special and he loved it. We also started with splitting an amazing caprese salad. Somehow, we finally found enough room for the most delicious lemon desert I've ever had, lemoncello cake. Creamy and light as air - to die for! If we lived nearby, we'd be back very soon!