My family and I visited the day after Thanksgiving. We easily got reservations and honestly could have just walked in with no reservations. There were only about 4 other tables filled. The first thing I noticed was the wine bar. This place is a must for any and all wine lovers. Our group ranged in age from 14 to 68.  Two ordered the filet mignon. They were both cooked to perfection.  The other three of our group selected the special for that night that included gnocchi, ravioli and one other type of pasta. This dish was offered as a whole or half. Everyone ordered half and it was just enough if you were planning on dessert, which you should. We each ordered a different dessert. The tiramisu was wonderful as were the pear and the apple desserts. Service was great and I would go again the next time I'm in town.Ristorante Panorama is a little bit of a throwback - the ambiance is wonderful and you do not feel rushed to start, or complete your meal. The waitstaff is well trained and are quite familiar with the menu. 
We started our meal with a wonderful antipasto platter which easily served the four of us - very nice presentation. The ladies brought their wine flights from the bar (they have a system that provides 150 different wines by the glass) while Charlie and I sampled their selection of Craft beers on tap.
Entrees consisted of:
Gnocchi con Provola Affumicata homemade pillows of potato and ricotta gnocchi with fresh basil and fresh & smoked mozzarella 
in a light San Marzano tomato sauce
Vitello Mandolese thinly pounded veal medallions stuffed with prosciutto and fresh mozzarella in a sauce of porcini mushrooms
Orecchiette housemade pasta (two).
We finished off this perfect meal by sharing two orders of excellent cheesecake.This place is incredible. Impressive wine selection, great ambiance, and impeccable service. The meatball is a must. Will make it a point to go back every time I'm in Philly.If I had intended on doing more of a wine tasting visit to Ristorante Panorama, this may be a 4. There's a very extensive list of wines and I enjoyed my Sangiovese. My sister in law and I ate here (had baby and stroller in tow) for dinner on a week night. Be warned there is no ramp if you need one! The restaurant itself is in a really cool hotel/historic building. It's very cozy and romantic. Food is okay. If the price point was a little lower, I might be more impressed, but for the price- Shrug. They also have a gluten free pasta, but only one option, with a few possible sauce substitutions, and my sister in law felt it was just okay. Staff was nice and helpful with getting the stroller in and out. I'd say, maybe not the best bang for your buck in terms of Italian, but would be a great spot for friends and wine.Ok, so those of you who know me know that I am an absolute wine geek...so coming to Panorama, with their 120-glass list, was a dream come true.  Well, it should have been.  
The wines by the flight are really nice.  I did the big and bold flight that had 5 glasses (1.5 oz pours) of mostly expensive italian wines (barolo, brunello, amarone, a priorat and a cabernet).  I think it was $55.  Not bad and the wines were each really nice.  
That's pretty much where the greatness stopped.  We also had a bottle of 1996 Pio Cesare barolo (~$70 retail if you can find it...$175 on the list).  That was a decent bottle at an outrageous mark up.  
The food...left much to be desired.  The meats were all overcooked.  The sides were uninspired and the pastas we tried were average (to slightly above average compared to other Italian places in the city).  
I'd go back for wine but not food.Very delicious, well executed food. Pleasant but old school dining room. Had the homemade burrata, roast pork ravioli, egg yolk and truffle raviolo, chicken, profiteroles. Wine flights were hit (Killer B's) or miss (Piemontese Power). Service was great. Music was terrible (like hotel lobby/elevator/bathroom music)Reservations for a birthday dinner with friends.  The restaurant is very nice, cozy, and festive.  The wine selection is amazing, the have a world record for wine on tap.  Service was also very good.  I had the rigatoni and my husband had a lamb pasta dish.  The rigatoni had some weird scoop of something that looked like creamy liver on it.  The sauce tasted slightly burnt, and my pasta was undercooked.  My husband's lamb dish was underwhelming.  The other couple with us enjoyed their dishes.  The cheese plate appetizer was delicious.  Disappointing overall.I went here with a friend and we had a great time. We went on a Friday during happy hour and stayed for quite a while. The restaurant has a very warm and inviting feeling, everything I'd previously heard about it...we weren't disappointed.
The wine selection is off the charts! Everything we had from the wine, to cocktails, to food was delicious. We will be back soon...Love coming here for the ample wine selection. They have a good amount of wines on tap and wine flights which make if memorable however we recently ordered from their homemade pasta dishes. It was somehow off. It was very salty and was lacking in flavor. Would probably just come back for happy hour and skip the food.Love them for restaurant week. It leaves more room in my budget for the wine. I am a big fan of the big and bold flight, which comes in around $55.
You can't go wrong with any of the fresh pastas. My favorite is the triangolini (I know that's not spelled right, but is the small triangle ones.) Its one of the few times that the pasta out shined the other ingredients in the dish.I went there on Friday for my birthday.  My overall impression was that the wine was outstanding, food was great and service was average.
The restaurant was decorated beautifully for the holidays.  It took a good 10 minutes before we were greeted by our waitress.  There were a few private parties going on which meant our cocktails and wine were slow to come from the bar.  I had an aperol spritz which was tasty, and we shared a bottle of Pinot Noir.  The wine list is very impressive.  She apologized for the wait, saying additionally she had to attend to another large party.
Our first course was the calamari.  It was beautifully cooked and came with both a red sauce and a pesto which was a nice touch.  Our second course was the meatballs served on ricotta pie.  I'm a die hard fan of the Barbuzzo meatball, and this was on par.
For the entree, the man had the veal which he really enjoyed, and I had the Rigatoni in a tasty beef ragu.  My pasta was beautifully cooked and the sauce was meaty, salty and delicious.  Both meals were very rich and we couldn't even look at desert.
Both the man and I commented that our waitress was running ragged around the dining room, they had clearly gone down to 1 server for the night.  But it wasn't even 9pm.  There were other servers trying to help her, but between the large private parties and the larger table in the restaurant we felt like the service really suffered.  The rest of the staff was quite young, and not that looks are everything, were not dressed in a professional manner.  
I think for the price its a great restaurant.  I'd like to go back and try a wine flight and some other items off the menu.  But they seemed understaffed for the night.Panorama is one of my favorite restaurants in Philly... had a lovely Valentine's Day dinner there with my wife and the service was top notch. They had the preset menu of 1 app, 1 entree and 1 dessert for $40, a great value.I love it when you need something from your waiter, you look at him across the room to get his attention, and he is so vigilant that he sees you and immediately comes over... that is priceless! Best dish there in my opinion is the poached pear dessert. In fact, it is one of my favorite dishes of all time. Also, any of their house made pastas are sure to please. So simple and elegant. I would highly recommend Panorama.We came here for restaurant week and I was really excited to try the place. I had heard really great things, plus it's really nice that the restaurant week menu is the same as their regular menu. Unfortunately, the service was terrible. We waited 30 minutes for anyone to even come to our table, despite the fact that it was not particularly crowded. Our server brought out the wrong wine and then (when she finally came back 15 minutes later) offered no apology and told us that we ordered it incorrectly. We then waited for what seemed like forever for each course. The whole ordeal ended up being 3 hours long. By the time we left, the place was closing. The food was pretty good, but I wouldn't say that it was good enough to make up for the service.We visited here for restaurant week and were pleasantly surprised the full menu was part of the deal.  Lovely ambiance and very attentive service complimented the tasty entrees.  The Vitello Mandolese was very tender and delicious.  The Capesante featured 4 large scallops and were equally tasty.  
Unique to this restaurant are the wine flights allowing you to taste five small glasses of wine.  Lots of fun for wine drinkers! 
For dessert the Cornetto di Ricotta was wonderful.120 wines on their cruvinet system...wines on tap are never wrong
Wine flights to try ones you might not otherwise ever try
Amazing service and Cool atmosphere
Should make a reservation if going on the weekend
- Calamari with orange WOW!
- Gluten free pasta with pesto (can use GF noodles with other dishes as well)
- Flourless cake thick like fudge and totally amazing
- Gnocchi from what I hear was the best they have ever had
- 1/2 orders are available and if you get appetizers it is a perfect amount
- The "special plates" that the server tells you about seem to be a little smaller in portion 
I found out about this place because I went to a Yelp Elite event here and I can tell you that I was not disappointed when I went back. This is officially one of my favorite restaurants in the city, what a hidden gem!The cruvinet is awesome. With 125 choices by the glass there is something for you to enjoy or explore.  Flights are put together well. 
I admit to being wary of eating there due to many poor reviews, however on one evening at dinner the plates looked good. I'll eat there next time.  
It may have helped me to order food on the last visit though.  We were met with tons of attitude when four of us came in and said that we were only there for a few glasses of wine - weren't even allowed into the bar until the "hostess" took her time in finding out if there was room.  Could we have stood at the bar, or taken a couple of high tops? Sure.  Was that offered? No.  But we did get plenty of that attitude.  
Hey Panorama, I've enjoyed many glasses of wine at your place, and even the crappy gnocchi that you used to serve.  Train your front of the house staff properly and it'll get you another star from me.Excellent service. Thank you Nile. Great recommendations and professional service. We had beer salad,beef carpaccio,pappardelle with wild boar sauce,braciola,duck and bombolini for dessert. Everything was wonderful and the wine list was fantastic. We will be back.I want to love this place so badly. The wine selection is amazing and where else can you get wine flights!?! I've visited Panorama quite a number of times with highly varying experiences. I brought my uncle, a huge wine aficionado, and he was highly impressed. We all left thinking we'd found a new Philly favorite. However, i've returned on other occasions and found the staff rude and unwelcoming. In fact, the last time my boyfriend and I tried to pop in for a glass of wine we were asked to leave because they wanted to close - it was before 9PM on a Friday.Had a great experience at panorama. The service is excellent, the food is delicious and a they have a great atmosphere. Will definitely be back!Love this place!!! amazing wines... the best gnocchi ever!!!  Great Service! Not much to write just highly recommended!!!My boyfriend and I went during restaurant week. The ambience was great. The wine selection was endless and the food was beyond delicious. We had the gnocchi and lamb. The gnocchi tasted like fluffy marshmallow clouds! I don't know how they do it! The course also included dessert which wasn't listed on the website for restaurant week. Our waiter (Sung) was super informed about wine selection, and was very friendly. I'd definitely recommend this place!My wife and I frequented this lovely, quiet place with the best pasta in the city early in our marriage (so many years ago) and always enjoyed our experience.  Then, like many others, we started paying more attention to the names like Starr and Vetri and lost track of this place.  Our 16th anniversary afforded us the opportunity of coming back home to Panorama and we sure are glad we did.  What a perfect combination of professional yet friendly service, remarkably good food, and a peaceful, romantic setting that's just a little off the beaten path.  What a gem this place is.  Do yourself a favor and take a break from the big-name, high-budget, high-brow food and treat yourself to a night of just simply great food in a wonderful environment.Excellent place to have a conversation and enjoy a flight or two of wine. The reason I say conversation in due to the well designed acoustics that reduce noise. With that being said, be sure to enjoy some burrata and a cheese plate.Wine flight here is extensive. Really fun. Appetizer meatball was delicious. Portions are on the small side but rich in flavor.I saw photos of their wine flights online and I knew I needed to check this place out. I came on a Saturday night right around 8pm for a pre-dinner wine flight and they were so accommodating. We just wanted to sit at the bar and there were no seats left, just a standing table. One of the servers rearranged two tables for us to move that standing table to an area where she could add chairs for us. It was so nice. We then each ordered a wine flight and we got the clams to share. The wine flights were so fun and the staff was extremely knowledgeable and helpful when suggesting flights. The clams were also super good. 
Highly recommend this place, and I'll definitely be back to check out their full menu.Wow, Yelpers did not steer me wrong with Ristorante Panorama.  This restaurant is A-M-A-Z-I-N-G.  Five stars from me, but I am only giving it 4 (really 4.5) because others in my group weren't so in love.
You can't go wrong with any of the pasta dishes.  The pasta is fresh, and oh so good.  The duck ragout was so flavorful as was the lobster ravioli.  
One member of my group had the Chilean Sea Bass that came over a bed of escarole with a puttanesca sauce and she proclaimed it the "best she has ever had."  Folks, this means a lot.  She is the ultra critic when it comes to restaurants.  She loved it so much, she proceeded to finish the sauce after the fish was gone!
The one downside for the food seemed to be the meat.  One person in my party had the rack of lamb which he said wasn't the best cut of meat and it was cooked more than his requested medium rare.  Another person had the veal chop, which he said was good but could have been seasoned better.  Fortunately both of the meat eaters had pasta as an appetizer.
Cannolis for dessert were good as was the expresso.
The service was top notch all around, and the space itself is really nice.  Be sure to check out the wine cellar when you visit the bathrooms downstairs.  This looks like a great spot to have a private dinner or party.  I will be back!The evening started off well with a very yummy moscato sangria that i've since tried to imitate at home on numerous occasions (and with rave reviews)...  The beet salad was also beautiful and hit the spot... so, where did the stars go down to 2?  well, it's from the disappointment of the inability of the chef to cook raw pasta.  The ravioli that we got as an appetizer was mushy and that was a preview of what was to come with the pasta.  The pasta was stuck together and clumpy and was like eating a big mush.  I gave the extra star for the drink and the beet salad.  It's really too bad because the place had good service and the ambience was comfortable.  It's really a shame that the chef doesn't know how to prepare pasta...Everything was very tasty and I was completely overwhelmed by the wine list. The bartender was very helpful and once I explained what type of wine I usually like she pointed me in the right direction. Definitely going to go back on Fridays when they have their $20 wine tasting!So we decided to try this place for the first time. 
Wine is pretty decent with a large collection. It did not appear that the staff was very versed in different wine as they referred to wines by number, and they didn't add any knowledge to it. 
We had the broccoli Rabe and the shaved pork belly. Both were tasty and delicious. No complaints. 
The entree was veal scallopine. It was very average, but edible. 
The dessert was their tiramisu budino. Actually quite light and delicious. 
I would have given them a higher rating, but they checked my umbrella and completely lost it. The manager and bartender didn't really offer a good solution to this. They took my number and said they will get back to me. 
The bartender quipped that worse thing is that they find the umbrella and I can pick it up and order a glass of wine. I would think they should give me some wine for the inconvenience of losing my umbrella. 
That left a sour taste in my mouth. I will not be returning. There's a lot of good wine in this city. No need to go to this place and lose my checked items.The food was delicious!  The service was great and the wine selection is outstanding.  My husband and I went last night as a part of restaurant week, and each had 3-courses. The pastas are amazing, my husband had the veal medallions with prosciutto and mushrooms, and I had the scallops...both were delicious. The desserts and coffee were a great way to finish the meal, and oh yeah, the limoncello was the real way to end!  I highly recommend to anyone looking for a relaxed atmosphere with delicious food!While the food is just above average italian cuisine, the wine list & wine flights make it worth the trip !I can't believe I haven't been here before now.
The wife and I had reservations but opted to sit at the bar (where the action is). The bartender was very friendly and knowledgeable explain in the wine flights and answering our questions.
My flight was wonderful and had generous pours of all the wines. We started off with the best burrata appetizer we've ever had. Flavorful lightly grilled tomatoes with the cheese on top along with arugula on the side topped with a drizzle of balsamic.
I know that I thoroughly enjoyed the rest of the meal but can't quite remember what I had. The flight and the couple of martini's I had earlier had done their job. I'll return but won't imbibe beforehand.Some friends and I went to this place before heading to dinner at Amado nearby. We had read about how they had a wide variety of wines and wine flights. While the experience was fun, I don't think I picked a good wine flight that suited my tastes. I like white wine, but the majority of my wines were Chardonnay based which I don't really love. I had ordered the wine flight that had a lot of wines that were hybrids of multiple wines together which seemed interesting to me. I thought this place was cool though.. nice but casual depending on the occasion, family dinner, dinner with friends, date, etc. I would probably go back because of the wine flights but probably select a wine that is more suitable to my taste.Restaurant week menu was so good. The oso bucco was tender, delicious and well portioned. I was surprisingly delighted by the seafood crepe, and I got a wine flight which was a wonderful treat. This is a late review, but I don't remember the desert so i don't think it was memorable but 2/3 for restaurant week (when the first 2 are that good) ain't bad!I went here for restaurant week last week with 5 of my friends and we all had the best time with our dinner.  Everything we had was delicious.  Not to mention their vast wine selection!  We got a few wine flights to share and were impressed with the selections.  They offered their whole menu during restaurant week so we got to experience a little of everything. We all tried to order something different so we could sample a little bit of each other's dishes. I got the scallops and could not have been happier.  They were enormous and plump! They were cooked perfectly also. 
The only thing I did not like was my dessert choice which was the persimmons cake - it was a little dry.  We will frequent this restaurant again.
Service was great - they were friendly and were quick with suggestions.This was decent Italian, but the wine and the cruvinet was the highlight! Panorama has the largest cruvinet (wine system) in the world, which is really cool to check out. I went here with my family for my dad's birthday. I was sort of disappointed by my cacio e pepe but the restaurant gave us a special dessert for my dad and the service was great.Let me just start by saying, the music played here made me feel like I was in a 90s porno, or an episode of Law and Order SVU. I'm pretty sure they just used any music that's royalty free.
After ordering a $14 drink with 8 ingredients listed I thought "wow this will at least be good!" It was pretty mediocre. Tasted like orange juice and brandy?
The appetizer of warm buratta came out ice cold. Not really sure what to make of that. It tasted fine. Nothing to write home about. The duck entree was pretty good. Now on to the dessert. I ordered the ricotta cheesecake. It was no bigger than the circumference of a baseball, which hey ok some desserts are small. I kid you not, it tasted like I was eating cottage cheese with grapefruit. Not worth the $11 it would usually cost.
Overall, super mediocre meal. Would not come back, not even for the duck.Go for the wine, not the food.  Wine bar is a unique experience with a great selection of wines.  Bartender is very knowledgeable.  
The food and service on the other hand is mediocre.  There are symptoms of decline to this restaurant.  The décor is outdated, low number of patrons, and unprofessional wait staff.  The antipasto misto at $17 was sad.    For pasta, I had chitarra, it was tasty but salty.  For Secondi, I shared the cioppino with my girlfriend.  Description of the dish: scallops, shrimp, octopus, calamari, clans, garbanzo beans, spring vegetables, puttanesca bread.  The dish was extremely salty and comprised of mostly beans and calamari with little broth.  It was a painful disappointment and our waiter wasn't around for 45 minutes to share my dissatisfaction.  There are a number of fantastic restaurants in Philadelphia.  This used to be one, but sadly, not anymore.Absolutely amazing! 
Went to dinner for my bday here on the recommendation of a friend and couldn't have had a better meal!  
I will definitely be going back!
Gnocchi was delish, wine flights are awesome, and portions were good.We were big fans of The Panorama of yester-year. We decided to give the revamped Panorama a spin and unfortunately, it leaves a lot to be desired.
We came here for a special occasion with a large party and were severely disappointed in several aspects of the meal.
First, it seemed like our waiter lost interest in our party when we declined to order wine. Our water and iced tea glasses were empty for 20-30 minutes at a time and were only filled when we flagged someone else down (not our waiter) and specifically asked for refills. After each course was delivered, our waiter declined to stop by to ask how things were (spoiler alert: many of our entrees came out cold). Our waiter also rolled his eyes and scoffed when my grandmother asked if burrata was a type of fish. I get it.... burrata is really trendy right now and most people know what it is. Being a foodie, I even thought it was a little funny myself, but this is a nearly 90 year old woman we're talking about here... As a waiter, you're supposed to make your guests feel welcome, and rolling your eyes and scoffing at their questions does anything but that. We were also scoffed at when we asked for a second piece of their delicious bread w/ pesto sauce. *Gasp* the nerve of us to want more than one piece of bread.
Second, we had to wait over an hour after our appetizers were finished for our entrees to be served, without any type of explanation. And when they finally came out, several entrees were cold. I'm not a shy person, so I usually would've sent mine back, but our waiter didn't bother to stop by to ask. And quite frankly, when you're nearly 2 hours into an experience that you really aren't enjoying all that much, you kind just want it to end / to get the hell out of there.
Third, the pricing is just a little bit egregious. $14 gets you a single meatball as an appetizer. $18 gets you an octopus salad that has MAYBE an ounce or two of octopus. A couple people in my party ordered a side of plain pasta w/ red sauce with their entree (the side of pasta was "off the menu") and were charged $14 each... which is even more than an appetizer-sized portion of their lobster and crab pasta or their lamb-filled tortellini. That is ridiculous.
But the pièce de résistance was charging $43 to cut and serve a birthday cake my grandmother had brought from home after being told on the phone there would be a "small serving fee". (Side note: if you know anyone who is willing to pay $43 for someone to cut and serve them a birthday cake, please send them my way!)
Some of the food was actually pretty tasty. Other than my  tortellini being cold and actually being tortelloni (you'd expect an Italian restaurant established in 1990 to know the difference), it had excellent flavor. 
But the prices, horrible service, and pretentious attitude were more than enough to detract from the tasty food and ensure I won't be coming back. 
You can do a lot better for Italian in Philly.I give them credit for trying to host a Passover meal, but it oozed with cultural ignorance. It was obvious that a Jewish person was never consulted on the menu.  Aside from only having read meat on their fixed price menu, boxed matzah, and leavened bread with dessert, it felt more like a mockery of Passover than a place I would ever consider spending my holiday again.If you like wine bars - this is your spot.
I'm not a wine guy, but Italian food is most certainly up my alley. This one is alright. One of our party ordered the duck pasta dish; I should have just order a triple order of that - top notch.
The beat salad was not what I expected; but ended up being one of my favorite parts of the meal. It's a cube of beats - and I dig my beats.
I had the trio pasta as an entree, it was ok. Nothing particularly special. Their gnocchi was rather good, but the other two pastas didn't add anything.
This time we were able to get a table (despite our reservation last time). However unlike our last experience it was almost empty. That said, don't expect a quick dining experience. Eating here is a leisurely exercise.Food was fantastic and the service was great.  The servers really knew their food/wine menu and our drinks were always full.  It really has a great ambiance for bringing a date to and it has a very extensive wine selection.  I don't think there is a required dress code, however most of the patrons in the restaurant were dressed nicely (ie. ties, coats, and collared shirts).  As more of a beer guy, the only drawback of this place was that it did not have that many beers, however the ones they had were good.I had an enjoyable experience at Ristorante Panorama. It was my first visit there and the first thing that struck me was all the awards for the restaurant's wine list. After I was seated and received the list, I understood why. The list was huge but our server diligently walked me and my companion through it. We settled on one of the flights of wine, which allowed us to taste five different wines. The meal was also very good and I was impressed that the restaurant opened its entire menu for a restaurant week function. Usually during a restaurant week dining experience, you're confined to a limited selection. I would return to Ristorante Panorama.Lovely atmosphere. Love the wine flights. Paired with the cheese plate, a perfect start. My entree was good, but did not blow me away. It was a great dining experience though. Recommended.IT WAS MY FIRST TIME coming out for RESTAURANT WEEK and my friend and I chose this place.. and we were not disappointed. The food and service were great. 
Appetizers
-Calamari, it was so good and there was a lot of squid to go around and it was very tasty and fresh. This also came with two dipping sauces the red one was marinara and the green had a garlic taste but was very smooth 
- Beef Carpaccio, was very tasty!! The plating was different and I wish there was more meat but overall it was good and melted in your mouth
Entree
I had the BRACIOLA- which is a Veal skirt steak with parsley,garlic, parmigano, porcini genovese, broccolini. This dish was super tender and the taste was amazing. This was my first time eating veal and I will now be opened to trying more veal dishes. The flavor of this veal was awesome and I will definitely come back just to eat this as well as the calamari.
Pesce
Was the dish my friend had and she loved it. It was tasty and also had a lot of flavor. The fish of the day changes I assume and. The fish of the day was Sword Fish. The plating was also very nice .
My girlfriend and I also ordered the WINE FLIGHT # 601 which was a mix of white wines and red wines. I was very impressed on how the flights came out it was really nice and fancy. Also the taste of the wines were great.
Dessert
Tiramisu Affogato Budino- I liked the first bite then I was getting a banana taste which was fine but I enjoyed the bottom of the dessert more than the top. This is a different tiramisu but I am always up for trying new desserts.
Cioccolato Mille Foglie- if you love chocolate this is the dessert for you. This was a rich chocolate a little bitter. I am not a chocolate fan but I wanted to try it. Overall the display was also really pretty.
All in all this restaurant was great!! The food was amazing and the service was fast and our waitress also helped us on choosing a great meal from the apps, entree and the dessert. I will definitely come back with friends or family.Great selection of wines.  The bartender was very helpful and knowledgeable.  I liked the selection of wine flights and also tried the cheese flight.  I had a veal dish for an entree and found it tender.  The tiramisu I had for dessert was incredible.  I can't wait to come back.I had a Fabulous dinner on Wednesday night.The Black pepper pasta with pecorino cheese was to die for and the burratta cheese salad was yummy. My waitress Sarah was a sweetheart..This restaurant is a hidden jewel..My wife and I stayed here at the hotel and we tried the restaurant, the food was phenomenal, the steak was cooked to perfection and the gnocchi was awesome and they have one the best wine selections I've ever seen. The service was ok, not bad but not great, otherwise I'd would of given 5 stars. I'll definitely go back next time I'm in Philly.Came in for a quick glass of wine, need to come back for dinner. Bartender was very knowledgable and helpful when picking out a wine. They offer wine flights and have the largest dispensing system in the world. Happy hour is Sunday-Friday 5-7pm and Saturday 3-5pm.Took my husband here for his birthday during restaurant week. It was a lovely experience. The dinning area in the wine bar was cozy and romantic. For my first course I had the gnocchi and it was everything gnocchi should be. 2nd course was pork tenderloin in an amazing sauce! It was one of the best I have tasted. 3rd course was a ricotta cheesecake. It was so so. We also had a flight of wine and it was nice to sample and pair different wines with our meal. All in all it was an excellent dinning experience and I would defiantly be going back.I'm guessing I have a somewhat unique perspective of this place because I didn't come to the normal restaurant. I was officiating a wedding the bride and groom hosted their rehearsal dinner at Panorama.
We didn't get to pick from the menu because we ate buffet style. They gave us a decent spread to choose from. I had the veal and gnocchi with salad and thought that it was quite good. They also had a wide selection of wine and beer that everyone in attendance seemed to love. 
I thought it was a great choice for the occasion. Great food, a friendly staff, and a great atmospher.Small portions. No direction from the waiter on the huge wine selection. mushroom appetizer tasted like fish. gnocchi light and fluffy but the sauce was smokey and lacked flavor. The pork was the size of deck of cards. thank god for the sweets at the end we all had room for that. not that much care given to us and the waitress who brought us the wine could barely open it -- she blamed it on her wine opener. Hmmm ... my husband liked his lobster ravioli. Should have gone to Dante and Luigi's or Ralph's. After seeing these other reviews I feel like Debbie Downer.Panorama is a beautiful restaurant with fabulous food. 
I chose Panorama for my birthday dinner with my husband. Our server was very attentive and the manager went out of her way to make my birthday very special with a few extras gratis; a glass of Proseco and an after dinner cocktail each. 
We shared the steamed clams and a half order of Pappardelle Cinghiale to start. I order the salmon, which was perfectly cooked and delicioso. My husband had a full order of the Chitarra and was in heaven. 
We cannot wait to return to Panorama again!Came here for restaurant week a while back and never reviewed. GREAT place! Service was on point, didn't have any issue with the food whatsoever. Get the wine flight, reasonably priced if not cheap! All I remember is that they exceeded my expectations especially on restaurant week when service drops at many other places.This review is for the wine bar and that wine bar was pretty impressive...a very immense wine serving/preserving unit that holds 120 different bottles. I was in wino heaven. They have about two dozen wine tasting flights available...five 1.5 oz pours in each, plus individual glasses in 3 or 5 oz pours. During happy hour those flights are  $5 off. This wonderful place is located in the equally wonderful Penn View Hotel. And the bartender makes a mean negroni.My husband and I went to Panorama for Happy Hour before an early theater show.  He had a wine flight, 2 whites and 3 reds (!) presented in a charming, vertical rack, I had a very nice $5 pinot grigio (Happy Hour price.)  The warm grilled vegetable salad was as beautiful as it was delicious, the artichoke tartlet was lovely.  Service is excellent, friendly and attentive.   I can't imagine why I've never been to Panorama before but we will definitely be back.Came here for restaurant week with some of my friends. My appetizer was the eggplant which was very good. I ordered the fettuccini and was reallllly looking forward to their pasta since booking the reservation. Unfortunately he pasta was very over cooked and almost had a "shaved noodle ramen" taste. The sauce made it soupy it was a real downer. The teramisu for dessert was very delicious I loved that they added icecream, unfortunately I mangia'd that a little too fast to take a picture.
The best part about this restaurant is the wine flights 29 dollars for 5 wines - great deal and great wines. I had the California dreaming sampler. 
I'd give this place a four out of five but the pasta was really disappointing..This place is fantastic! If you enjoy wine and good food you will feel the same. They have an impressive wine selection and have so many wine flights. 
We also ordered the Italian flight of cheese which was great and had this truffle honey that was to die for!
Gnocchi was one of the best i've ever had - very pillowy.
Definitely going back!Despite the fact the crowd seemed to be on the older side, I enjoyed this place because we tried so many flights. Panorama is the only restaurant where I've seen and tried flights in Philly. The two of us tried 17 different kinds of wine - 5 from the pinot flight, 5 from the latin loves flight (malbecs, cabs, merlot), 5 from the california cabs flight, and 2 ports to go along with our dessert. We ordered a meat plate as well, but I honestly don't remember how it tasted because I was so enamored by all the reds we were trying.
Oh, and be sure to sit in the bar part of the restaurant versus the restaurant part - it's just a lot more casual and less stuffy.Outstanding Italian food, great wines, wonderful service and old style ambiance.Had a nice romantic dinner with my date here.  Staff and service was nice and responsive. They even made sure that a special flower delivery that I ordered from another vendor was strategically placed in time for our table.  Wine selection is excellent, and I recommend doing the wine flights where you get 5 small glasses of wine, so that you can sample a few during your dinner.  The food was well presented but honestly not the greatest. We ordered fried calamari as an appetizer, but to me, it was a bit too chewy and rubbery in texture.  My fried veal covered in arugula was nice at first, but it had a hint of old, over-used frying oil in the bread crumb batter coating.  Strike three for me was the espresso, which tasted like it might have been boiled instead of pressed thru a machine.  Perhaps they used old/bad beans?  I'd still take my lovely date back here though, but probably just for drinks and some other appetizers.  Upscale, romantic atmosphere in both the restaurant and the wine bar. Not noisy either.... cheers!My partner and I went to Ristorante Panorama for our anniversary dinner. He is a winemaker, so expectations were already rather high.
Our server was very knowledgeable and accomodating. There was a special risotto for the meal, but she cautioned us that it took some time to prepare. So we ordered our salad course first and the timing wound up being perfect.
The wine - I'm not so much a connoiseur, but my flight was quite enjoyable. My partner, however, was astounded by the wines in his selection. Very impressive.
The risotto was indeed amazing and worth the wait. Creamy with the nice, sharp bit of asparagus. A perfect early spring dish.
For dinner, I got a pasta sampler dish. While each sample was delicious, I was tortured to realize I could have had an entire portion of the ravioli. Little pillows of heaven indeed! (In case you haven't figured it out - ORDER THE RAVIOLI!)
By the end of the meal, we were completely content and satisfied with fine wine, amazing food, impeccable service and a beautiful setting. Highly recommend.My wife wanted to go out for restaurant week and she found Panorama with a lot of food options.  We selected this for Sunday night, since it was the first day and the Eagles played the day before.  We arrived about thirty minutes prior to our reservation, but we were seated immediately.  It was crowded, so thankfully there was a spot for us. 
The service here was pretty fantastic.  Seated Early, prompt menu explanations and a greeting, checked up on us throughout the meal, even an unnecessary apology to say the food would be out shortly.  We devoured the amazing focaccia with a walnut pesto and we were asked if we would like more.  Of Course!  We were presented with two more slices with a bowl of the pesto.  Very special service.
Our first course was brought out to us and my wife ordered the Gnocchi with a chestnut pesto, mushrooms and some raw honey.  My agnolotti con burrata was so much better though with a nice san marzano sauce.  Hers wasn't bad by any means, but I made the most enjoyable choice.  When the entrees came out, I put my fork into a piece of the pork ribeye I ordered.  The fork just slid right in to that succulent meat.  I didn't even have to take a bite to know it was going to be good.  Not as much pork belly as I would have liked, especially since the wife was going to steal half of it.  Her braciola was good and very popular.  I saw a lot of tables order it.  
For dessert, I got the chocolate torta and she went with a tiramisu in quotes.  I wasn't a huge fan of mine, but hers was so much better.  Mascarpone, spongecake, and some espresso flavors with a warm espresso caramel sauce surrounding it.  Great flavors.  I just wasn't a huge fan of the flourless cake in mine.  The cake pieces were too small?  
All in all a solid effort and another successful restaurant week outing.We had our rehearsal dinner here for our wedding! We had 50 people for dinner and everyone enjoyed their food! Food, wine and service were great! I would definitely recommend panorama and we will be back soon!!After much talk about Panorama, I finally got to experience it last night. My girlfriend is something of an oenophile, so she mainly told me all about the wine selection and presentation. I think it's important to say right up front that while Panorama may be a wine bar, the food here is outstanding as well. 
Since I'm a white wine guy lately (especially in the summer heat), I ordered a white flight, the Blendalicious. I was delighted to see the iron tree that held the five wine glasses--much cooler than a tray. I liked being able to try a selection of wines that I probably wouldn't normally order, and I found that two of the five were definitely worth a second try.
Foodwise, we started with the orechiette with shrimp and calamari, which was quite tasty and cooked perfectly al dente. For the main course, I ordered the Chilean sea bass. I love sea bass, and I've eaten a lot of it in my life. Poached and then sauteed with a slightly garlicky butter sauce, this one was among the best. Dessert was poached pear with mascarpone and hazelnuts, paired with a glass of zingy moscato. It was all divine. I'm torn between wanting to go back for more of the same and wanting to try the other eight or so dishes on the menu that looked mouth-wateringly good (not to mention more wine). 
I should also give a shout out to our waiter, Sean, who put up with my smart-ass remarks all night (I was in one of those silly moods), gamely discussed nicknames for absinthe (but failed to settle a bet we had going on the subject) and debated the relevance of Miss Manners in modern society. My girlfriend thinks he should've talked about the wine more, but I think that's probably my fault for distracting him.I'll let you decide if this is a far review. 14 of our 19 meals weren't fully cooked. 8 were chicken dishes and 6 were veal. Those that were chicken were still pink inside. Unacceptable for a high end restaurant demanding top dollar. Manager took $200 off our $1200 bill. Now will wait to see if we get salmonella poisoning. Symptoms of salmonellosis are diarrhea, fever, and abdominal cramps. Usually takes 12 to 72 hours after infection, and the illness usually lasts 4 to 7 days. 
Never not eat raw uncooked foods until they are well done. Use a meat thermometer to be sure foods are cooked to a safe temperature. Do not use the color of the meat (such as when it is no longer "pink") to tell you that it is done.
Whomever prepared these meals should be fire.My wife and I were in town for the US Open, and a local friend highly recommended Panorama, especially since we were staying at Penn's View Hotel. 
We started off with a cheese plate, which was fantastic.   The food was amazing, but I was most impressed with the depth of wines.   We each had a flight of wine (she had a California cab flight, I had an Italian red flight).   
The atmosphere was quiet and romantic. 
The wait staff was extremely attentive and didn't seem to mind that we were not in a hurry (we were there for 2 - 2 1/2 hours).  
The dessert was sinful - something chocolate ordered by my wife.
During our dinner, the manager came over to check on us several times, which was a nice touch.   
Panorama is definitely a must stop for foodies and wine-o's while in Philly.The ambiance of this place is really neat with their exposed brick walls and dim lighting. The concept is cool, too - I'm not too well versed in wine and this bar makes trying different kinds very approachable and accessible. The staff is knowledgeable and patient in guiding newbs, like myself, towards delicious wine options. 
The food here was a bit underwhelming, as other people have mentioned, considering the price point. We enjoyed our grilled calamari, mussels and entrees were not particularly memorable, and we enjoyed a trio of ice creams from Franklin Fountain as well.  Would definitely come back for the bar.Well this place is not where you expect it to be. The ambiance is lovely inside and the service is professional. The wine list is amazing. The decor is pleasant with clean lines in a minimalist style. The food; the beet salad was superb, the lamb exquisite, the veg beautiful and the steak good but not melt in your mouth...Came here for the valentines day special at the penn view hotel, got a room, 3-course dinner, bottle of champagne and chocolate-covered strawberries for $200 which was a great deal! I thought the good was delicious: had the escargot as an appetizer, lobster ravioli entree and the red velvet cheesecake for dessert. I highly recommend the lobster ravioli. Overall the service was excellent and efficient, the food was delicious and the prices were reasonable. Would definately come back here!My girlfriend and I ate here on Valentine's Day 2014. We walked in, and both liked the look of the restaurant, as well as the music playing. Our waiter told us about the different wines they have, so my girlfriend and I both decided to get a flight of wines each. This was really neat, but probably the only thing we ended up liking about the restaurant. The restaurant had a "Valentine's Day Special" which was an appetizer, main course, and dessert for $40 a person.
I ordered the escargot for my appetizer, which was bland. I'm never one to add salt and pepper to all my food, but i had to add something to that to give it flavor. After we were finished our appetizers, it took pretty long for someone to come get our plates. We had someone refill our waters a couple times over the course of the dinner, but the water service seemed to stop near the end.
We waited, and waited and waited for our main course. We were enjoying the wine flights and didn't really mind that much that we were waiting so long for our main course. I went out to my car and got our Valentine's Day gifts for each other so we could exchange gifts while we waited for the main course to come out. A little while after we exchanged gifts, the food finally came. I ordered the veal stuffed with cheese (veal mandolese I think it was called?). This was bland and the texture was kind of chewy. My girlfriend ordered the noodles and tiger shrimp, and this was not good either. The noodles were clumped together and the shrimp barely had any flavor. 
By the time we finished our main course, we were at the restaurant for 2 hours already (from when we sat down at our table, to when we finished the main course). No one came to collect our plates for a while. No one came to ask how everything was for a while until finally the waiter came and asked what we wanted for dessert. I ordered the "mixed sliced fresh fruit and berries" which was just chunks of cantaloupe and honeydew, with a few slices of strawberries. By the time we got our dessert, we asked for the check right away, because it was already 3 hours since we sat down. I am not lying, we were there for 3 hours (which is fine if you willingly want to sit around at a restaurant and take your time, but not if it's involuntarily).
My girlfriend and I have never complained to a waiter or manager at all our dinner dates we've been to over the past year. She decided to say something to the waiter, and to the manager (when he came around at the end of our 3 hour dinner to ask how everything was). He apologized and said there was something wrong with the computer system for orders? He also offered us limoncello shots on the house, which we denied but he brought them anyway, and those were good.
We decided we won't go back again. I don't know if they were understaffed with servers and kitchen workers, but we did not like the food nor the service. I regretted taking her there for our Valentine's Day dinner.I chose this place because I was going there with my parents, and I tend to avoid noisy, hip places when I'm with grown ups. Ristorante Panorama had what I was looking for, which was a comfortable, cozy setting and an old-school vibe. The food was strong, and the wait staff was almost impeccable. You can tell that the manager runs a tight ship. They had a great variety of dishes and specials that were classic yet interesting. Every table was full, but it didn't have a rushed or noisy atmosphere. It's not the hippest place in the world, but that's actually exactly what I out to find.Limited menu, but that's to be expected from a wino's paradise. Amazing wine flights (ex: Latin Loves) and crazy # bottles on reserve. Very cool atmosphere (hand painted murals across the walls). 
Service was so-so and made me pay 2x bc he left off a dessert wine. Not cool. Still, great wine selection. Really top notch.I went to Panorama last night with my parents and boyfriend for restaurant week. The restaurant has a very warm and inviting feeling when you walk in and I was excited to try this place. Unfortunately we left disappointed.
I made a reservation a few days prior and was lucky to get an 8pm reservation for Friday of restaurant week. Part of the reason I picked Panorama was that they offer their full menu even during restaurant week and they have over 120 wines on tap and seemed like the type of place my parents, especially would enjoy.
The food was excellent every single person loved every piece of the meal.  My two star review is due to the service. Each of us ordered a wine flight, which seemed like to the thing to do. Most people appeared to have ordered them. Our wine did not arrive until after the first course was cleared- which wasn't ideal but the first course did come out rather quickly and it takes a little more effort to assemble a wine flight than pour a glass. My boyfriend and parents were all served their flights and entrees. I received my entree with no wine. After about ten minutes we made a comment. The waiter became slightly defensive and admitted that they gave my wine to the wrong table. Honest mistake but we would've appreciated honest, unprompted communication instead of him trying to act like there was no problem. I didn't receive my wine until 15-20 minutes after receiving my entree and our server did absolutely nothing to make up for this. He didn't even make an effort to speed up the process of getting the wine to our table he just awkwardly stood by our table. Kitchen/bar mixups happen but his apologies were extremely insincere and defensive. When I finally did receive wine all members of my party were done with 3/5 glasses of their flights. Good food isn't hard to find in Philadelphia so we will not be back due to the poor service.Stopped in here on a weeknight with 3 girlfriends for a happy hour. AMAZING! I love the wine flights so much. We ordered some eggplant parm also which was to die for. Will probably be back!This is an outstanding northern Italian restaurant on the lobby level of Penn's View Hotel, with one of the best wine bars in the city.  The menu features regional variations of pasta, veal, and chicken dishes, as well as fresh fish.  The homemade lobster ravioli is an excellent first course; light thin pasta leaves bulging with seasoned seafood and ricotta in a delicate tomato cream sauce.  The escargot appetizer is a unique invention, the snails sauted in olive oil, garlic, tomato, and hot red pepper.  All the pasta dishes are outstanding.  My favorite veal is the paesano - fine veal medallions layered with prosciutto, provolone cheese, and roasted peppers.  The veal chop; butterflied, coated with breadcrumbs and fried, is another variation of a traditional dish.  The desserts are all made in house; the tiramisu is exceptional, as are the profiteroles.  Needless to say, the wine list is overwhelming.  The service is efficient and friendly.  The dining room is comfortably elegant, with well spaced tables.  This is a restaurant for special occasions, or to bring your out of town guests.  Be aware that the prices are on the high side for Philadelphia.Cool Wine Flights - Decent Food
Friday night I spent the evening at Panorama enjoying the bar, the wine & the food.  My friend and I chose to go early & spend some time sampling wine at the bar.  We were able to find two seats at the bar together around 7PM, although it filled up rapidly & was soon standing room only.  
After taking our time perusing the lengthy wine menu, we selected two flights to share.  Having the largest wine selection by the glass made for a very interesting read & tough decision.  Luckily our bartenders checked in twice, but didn't make us feel rushed at all.  They were busy the whole night, but never left us wanting for anything, including water.  
We opted for a flight of sparkling wine &the Southern Stars red wine flight.  The sparkling flight was my favorite part of the evening.  We got to taste 5 varieties from sweet to dry.  I loved the different tastes as well as the different feel of the bubbles in  your mouth depending what you were drinking.  My favorite was the Brut Cordon Rouge Mumm from France.  The reds were a bit more eclectic.  We both enjoyed the Pinot Noir Curico Valley Aresti from Chile the best.  Most of the rest were a disappointment.  
We had two wines that were absolutely terrible in this flight.  One was the Malbec, which tasted like vinegar, & although I can't recall the name of the next one in line, it was the most memorable of the evening.  It tasted & smelled like nail polish remover.  It was so bad I wouldn't drink any more after the 3rd taste.  I learned that this taste is often is formed when wine spoiled with acetic acid reacts with the wine's ethyl alcohol & forms ethyl acetate.  This is not a tasty effect!  
After a couple hours of leisurely wine tasting & discussion, we were seated in the bar area for dinner.  The ambiance is exactly what I like in a restaurant, except it was a little loud.  The seats were close together, but it wasn't so tight that I felt uncomfortable & I didn't feel as though I was eating with the table next to me, which is good.  I loved the dim lighting, the lighting fixtures & the plush, velvety booths.  
Service was prompt & efficient & didn't hover.  Our water was always refreshed, as was our bread & pesto type dipping oil.  We were given two types of bread, which were both delicious.  The roll was crisp outside and warm & soft inside.  The other type of "bread" was more like an oyster cracker with herbs.  It was dry & crumbly, but had a great flavor.   
For appetizers we tried the antipasto & the baby artichokes in olive oil & puff pastry.  Both were delicious.  The saltiness & flavor of the artichokes made this something I will definitely crave from time to time.  The pastry was a little mushy due to the abundance of olive oil, but I didn't really mind.  This was certainly an interesting combination that I'd order again.   The antipasto was a decent size for sharing & was very good.  
For the meal we had the lamb & the tagliatelle with mushrooms & lump crab meat.  The lamb was weird because one double chop was moist, tender and quite perfect, the next was still good, but a little tougher and the third was so tough I actually got indents in my fingers from pressing so hard to cut it!  The fingerling potatoes were well seasoned & the green beans were perfectly al dente The pasta was fresh & good.  It wasn't the best pasta I've ever had, but it was solid & I'd try another pasta dish there in the future.  It was light on flavor and crab meat & heavy on olive oil and mushrooms.  I did not taste any of the cheese it was supposed to come with.  Also, the portion was filling enough for me, having had such large appetizers, but it was by no means the size I anticipated it being.  I can't imagine how small the appetizer portion of this pasta would be!  
Dessert was ricotta cheese cake & tiramisu.  The cheesecake tasted light and fresh, but I prefer my cheesecakes to be a little heavier & richer.  The tiramisu looked very strange, almost like two hot dogs or sausages, but luckily, it was cake, not meat.  It was not adorned with anything - not even a coco or cinnamon sprinkle.  The cake was actually a little mushy and soaked in a bit too much espresso.  There was not enough cream, cinnamon or coco flavor for my taste.  I would not order either dessert again.  
The evening was entertaining & filled with new delicious treats.  The ambiance was exactly what I like in the bar area (not the dining area), even with the strange artwork, which seemed, oddly, almost comical.  The sparkling wine flight was a fun treat & the food was decent, but certainly not the best I've had.  I would go to Panorama again, but probably stick to the wine flights & then head to Kabul or Amada.  Although the ambiance is much cooler, as is the wine selection, for the best Italian, I'd still go to Il Tartufo in Manayunk.My wife and I visited Ristorante Panorama on the evening of November 19, 2009 and enjoyed our experience very much.  We always enjoy calamari and Panorama had, as one of its appetizer specials for the evening, fried calamari.  This was as good or better than any we've had in the recent past.  My wife ordered an appetizer size portion of a pasta combination (one with a pomadoro sauce, one with a spinach sauce and another one, the flavor of which escapes me right now....the sauces garnished three different types of pasta....gnocci, ravioli and penne).  She thought that the appetizer size portion was perfect as it was quite rich.  I ordered the special seafood of the evening which was a light, white fish, I think it was called ponzini, but I'm not sure.  It was excellent...garnished with a touch of tomato seasoned with fennel (among other seasonings) and served with a scalloped type potato and fresh asparagus.  I really enjoyed it.  I had a sampling of gelato, post prandial.  My wife enjoyed a glass of an Italian wine I don't believe either of us had tried before and, once again, I cannot remember the name, but it was excellent.  The wine selection was also extensive and one thing that some other diners seemed to be trying were these "flights" of four or five selected red wines served in small portions on an "ascending wine glass rack" type of device.  While we thought it was an interesting concept, the pricing didn't seem to make sense.  All in all, a very pleasant dining experience.  I would defninitely return (assuming I return to Philadelphia, which, all things considered, was a quite friendly city in spite of opinions I heard expressed previous to our visit.Despite our reservation and several open tables, we waited an additional 30 minutes after arriving.  The service was average, food was uninspired and average at best. Atmosphere was nothing special. Overall, we were disappointed and won't return.