One of the few places I've let just "bring me something, I'm too tired to think about it" and it was great.
A favorite lunch and "sit outside & watch the world go by" place in good weather.
Owner Lynn keeps the staff hopping and totally professional.This was my second dining experience at Paradiso and it was just as good as the first visit. We went for a friends b-day dinner. We had the scallops for an appitezer which were cooked perfectly. Sometimes restaurants tend to over cook them. My girlfriend had the Duck which was presented beautiful which she totally enjoyed. Our friend had the special rib-eye steak which was a huge portion which she loved. I had the filet. It was a nice size with a crusted top and cooked to perfection. It is upscale and expect to be about a $50+ a person if your order a bottle of wine. All in all a great spot for upscale dining on Passyumk.Stopped by for dinner with the family last night , and sorry to say we were greeted by the women who would be our waitress , she was informative but dry and very pushy 
seemed she wanted to up the the check amount. the food was tasty but if you are hungry this is not the place to go ,for the portions are small, the initial bread basket was served (size of a small roll) and never refilled again..nor was there an offer to not form the bus boy or our waitress there were only a few table's at the time. over priced for the size of the dishes!!  ordered a pizza afterwords! ONE AND DONE!I love love love this restaurant!  The Passyunk Avenue district is a great place to hang out, the atmosphere inside is cozy, the service is excellent and the food is delicious.  The chefs name is Lynn.. I can't remember her last name... and I've been told she's one of the best in the country (she's also the owner).  Oh.... there's also outside seating if you like "people watching" and I believe there is also seating upstairs.  My personal preference is the tripe.  If you've ever had it before, I dare you to try it here, it's the best ever.  The prices are just slightly on the high side but considering all the above it's definitely a bargain.Definitely agree that this is the most upscale restaurant in South Philly.  This and Le Virtu get my vote.
The food flavors and quality here are stupendous.  Many options to choose from, which makes this a date place, a parent place, a group place, you name it!
LOVE that they aren't byob.  Adds classiness for sure.Paradiso is an upscale Italian restaurant on Passyunk and I enjoyed my meal there. They have impressive and tempting list of specials. We had a vegetarian antipasti and I had the gnocchi. The service was great and we were able to walk in for Saturday dinner at an early hour 6pm. 
I look forward to returing, as there were multiple appetizers and entrees that I was interested in trying (esp the sweetbread ravioli).The lamb and sausage dish was nice, so was the pork chop and very creamy gnocchi.Top notch Italian restaurant. Upscale and great for a special occasion. I've always heard great things and it did not disappoint. 
I came here for my girlfriends birthday with a large group and we had a blast. There was nothing that was ordered that was just okay. Everyone was happy with their meal. The wine was amazing and the service was excellent. This is the kind of place where you can put your meal in the hands of the server and you'll be happy.
Reservations are necessary, but not as difficult as you might think.Food was overpriced and hit or miss. The escargot entree was good and the burrata was okay too ( though small portions). The two entrees we ordered were terrible. The gnocchi was underdone, the peas were still hard, the pancetta non existent. My husband had the duck which was overcooked and accompanied by maple thick farro. The service also was not great. Will not returnReview of the bar only.
Stopped in on a Friday night for some wine since we were at Townsend and their wine list BLOWS! They have a very good wine list at very good prices. The bartender was social and super cool. I do want to eat here but I'll certainly be back for some casual drinking.It's not often I want to write a review before even getting the check...
Dinner at 6:15 PM on Sunday evening....Paradiso was dead empty with the exception of one table, some people at the bar who seemed to be regulars, and my fiancé and I. This place is obviously empty for a reason. The service was adequate, and the prices seemed fair at first glance. Just wait until you see the portion sizes...minuscule is the perfect word. So tiny my fiancé and I laughed when we saw them. Sad part is I enjoyed what I ate...garden salad was dressed nicely, and the entree was flavorful. BUT, nowhere near good enough to justify $20 for five small tortellini. My fiancés fish portion was even tinier and more expensive. We skipped dessert because we each wanted more than one tiny spoonful of chocolate.
We read reviews prior and some indicated good portion sizes. Perhaps they're skimping because business is slow? Who knows... Bottom line is I'm headed home to cook another dinner and we won't be going back. There are too many other fabulous restaurants in Philly (Modomio if you want great Italian).
If you're looking for great food and want to feel like you got your money's worth, don't bother with Paradiso. 
Two stars because the food was tasty and service was good. The rest was laughable.Where do I start? I'm STILL thinking about all the excellent food we had at Paradiso for dinner last weekend.
We were in town visiting family and we tried this place. What a beautiful ambiance but most importantly, the food was excellent.
We got to meet the owner and chef and after trying all the delicious plates we got, you can tell she LOVES what she does because it shows. 
As appetizers we had the warm octopus with potatoes. I'm used to eating octopus as I'm from Spain and it's very common back home and let me tell you this was cooked to perfection. The potatoes were excellent too. It's not easy to cook a potato, believe it or not, they're either too mushy or too hard. PERFECTION, trust me. The veggie board and the escargot were also to die for. Also, the olive oil that comes with the bread... Let me repeat this, I'm from Spain, I know good olive oil when I taste it and this may be one of the best (if not the best one) I've ever had.
The ricotta gnocchi had this lemon zesty flavor... I wish I had taken pictures of all the goodness we were served but I didn't want to be THAT annoying person pulling my cell phone out in the middle of a very nice dinner. The boys ordered the whole branzino and I heard nothing but great things about it too.
And of course we had to have dessert. Homemade cinnamon ice cream? Have you ever had it? I hadn't either and let me tell you, I don't care for sweets that much but EVERY single dessert we ordered was excellent. I even told everyone at the table if the owner was my mom I'd be fat because it's impossible not to eat what she cooks and it's all so good.
If you're in Philly, stop by. The ambiance's beautiful, the servers are extremely attentive and professional and everyone there including the chef and cooks in the kitchen are worth their weight in gold!Hubby and I headed to Passyunk Avenue for "Flavors on the Avenue". Ended up shopping the craft vendors and neglecting the food (and freezing out buns off). Decided it was time to eat and thaw out. Happened to be standing in front of Paradiso, looked at the menu and was excited to see some great sounding meals on the menu. Walked in and were immediately seated. Aaron, our server came over quickly, greeted us, and gave us water and menus. When it came time for drink orders, my hubby couldn't decide between 2 wine. Aaron was able to provide beautiful descriptions of both wines, making the decision much easier as one sounded perfect for his taste. Another indecisive moment where I couldn't decide between several entrees, Aaron was able to offer 2 half pastas rather than choosing between two. I'm so glad I was able to do this because both were incredible! The one was pappardelle with mushrooms and the other was a pasta with wild boar ragu. My husband's Branzino was perfectly prepared. All portions were perfect. I saved some pasta for tomorrow's lunch and had room for dessert. Desserts did not disappoint ether! Both the Budino and the Bomboloni were quite yummy! Can't wait to go again! Thanks Paradiso and Aaron for helping make our meal one to remember!The only reason for 1 star is because they won't let you give no stars.
Let's start by saying that the waiter Norman was excellent. Next my Wife got the Halibut which looked like it would be 2 bites and done for me. My wife said it was good but very small. ( she does not like to criticize). Now for my meal. I got the ( Special ) Short ribs, wow, there was NO meat on this short rib. All fat and when I say All fat, I mean nothing but Fat !!! I had to send the meal back which I never do. The Waiter was very apologetic but the Manager/ Chef never came over. There is NO way that the Chef/ Manager did not know this Short Rib was all fat while cooking it and still sent that piece of FAT out to a customer (Me)...The Chef/ Cook / Manager or whatever never came out to apologize. I was so angry that I had to get up and leave My wife, Son and Daughter In- Law in theRestarauntI. I did not want to chance eating anything else after that mess.We dined outdoors but when it started to get a bit windy, they informed us that if we started to get cold, we can move indoors. We toughed it out though and enjoyed our food. Awesome authentic Italian food with stellar service and fantastic decor.This is our go to Italian dining restaurant...nice little tip...you can order half servings at a reduced price...pasta always al dente...calamari sautéed not breaded and fried!  That's always a bonus!  Escargot and sauce with crostini a meal itself...drinks masterly mixed and served.
During the week they are open for lunch...their cheese steak is suburb as is their hamburger...wish they had lunch on the weekends!!!This restaurant and it's staff make up the worst dining experience I have ever had. Essentially, we were not happy with the quality of the food and mentioned it to our server. After a tense encounter with the manager, both chefs came out and yelled at my family and I in front of the other guests saying they had never been so insulted and telling us to never come back to their restaurant. As a longtime employee in the hospitality industry, I was appalled at their behavior and recommend that people do not try this place. Or at least be sure not to complain when you don't enjoy your food as they will not take it well. I had to give it one star per yelp rules, however I would give it none if I could.I dined here with a large group.  The food was excellent.  The service was top notch.  Decor lovely. Enjoyment was diminished by the noise level which left me with a headache.In a town filled with Italian restaurants, Paradiso stands out as one of the best. --Just don't expect the typical red-sauce menu. It is our go-to place for special celebrations. We have tried a variety of appetizers, pastas, and the one main we can't get enough of, the Pork Chop Milanese. We have never been disappointed. (except the night the pork chop was not on the menu!)My parents (including my Italian mom) and I found Paradiso last year while celebrating a birthday. After that meal, we came back several weeks in a row - mostly, for the pork chop. Everything at Paradiso is outstanding but OMG that pork chop! We usually all order pasta entrees and then get a pork chop for the table to split. Last night, the waiter told us we ordered too much food, but we cleaned our plates. For pasta, the gnocchi and black spaghetti are outstanding. Make sure you also start with the frito misto and burrata. In a city full of great restaurants, Paradiso is one that should not be missed!!This was place was fine. Not great, not terrible. Weird comments from the server, but I ate there too long ago to remember exactly what they were. Not sure I'll go back, with Fond right nearby- their food was far superior to anything I ate at Paradiso (gazpacho to start, fish for the main course). I probably won't go back.During my second visit to Paradiso since May, I was pleased to find the food as good if not better. The service was excellent. Out server - Melissa, I think - consulted on all selections as asked without being overly solicitious. When asked her opinion it was as if she would take us in to her confidence to lend an opinion.
Two of my friends had the heirloom tomato salad and the fruit delivered a local, seasonal tart freshness. Another diner had the squash blossoms, delicately stuffed with cheese and fried. They were light and delicious with a hint of rich cheese flavor. I had the fazzoletti; al dente and perfectly dressed. 
Our entrees were short ribs, calf's liver and scallops. The short ribs and calf's liver were served over a marscapone polenta. It was creamy and savory-sweet, without a hint of graininess. The scallops were seared with the slightest hint of crunch at the corners, and tender and delicately chewy throughout. It was fantastic. 
I didn't sample all of the wines served at the table, but Melissa cheerfully brought  a few samples before a bottle was selected and I had a glass of a sauvignon blanc that was fresh and bright with a nice grapefruit nose and a lovely crisp, citrus finish. We finished with cheese.
This place is reasonably priced for the premium ingredients, preparation and presentation making it a bargain, and parking was a breeze. I would suggest this restaurant to any local foodie or out-of-towner.Really nice place, relaxed ambiance, courteous service.
The food was very good, escargot was amazing, awesome cheese trays.
 The only issue is that the portion size was a bit smaller than I would have liked.We live in the neighborhood and, after tonight, are sad we have not visited Paradisio sooner and more often.  We typically find at ourselves at BYOBs but, for no particular reason, we decided to go to Paradisio tonight and we couldn't be happier. The service was excellent - Anthony was knowledgeable & personable.  We had a tough time ordering as there were so many tempting options, but he guided us through the menu with confidence.  We ordered a great, affordable bottle of wine to accompany our meals and the bill wasn't much more than many meals we've had at BYOBs.  We are already planning our next meal there.  Definitively try the veal pappardelle.  Ridiculous.I had dinner here with my girlfriend during our weekend in Philadelphia.  We didnt plan on going here but we stumbled upoin it after our original plan was smashed.  We were glad we found it.  I NEVER order pasta when in a restaurant.  However for some reason I had the homemade gnocchi and it was unlike anything I have ever tasted.  So soft and fluffy.  Not that hard, chewy stuff you normally get.  We left very happy.  Fantastic place.  Great service as well.  I can't remember what my girlfriend had but she evern said best gnocchi ever.Decent, but not the "WOW" I was expecting. The food was just "ok". Our waitstaff was over-attentive. Checking in with us was appreciated, but every few minutes seemed excessive.This was our second visit to this restaurant, but it will, unfortunately, be our last. If we had just come for appetizers, then perhaps 4 stars. However, when 3 out of 4 entrees are subpar, then a 2 star rating is sufficient. The only entree up to standard was the branzino. The pasta with crab, the pasta with sausage, and the gnocchi were under-sauced with mush for pasta. Service was fine, but the waiter insisted that the chef does not willingly change the contents of a dish so choose another option. Next time we will choose another restaurant.I was part of a group that went there for our Holiday lunch and the food was terrific!  The restaurant was absolutely lovely.  I don't think they are generally busy for lunch because we were the only ones in there for a good part of our meal.  Our server was really helpful and informative.  
Out lunch started with an appetizer of tomato, mozzarella and prosciutto- how can you go wrong with that?  The order of entrees were mixed.  I got the streak sand which and it was very good.  Some ladies went for the scallop wrapped in bacon and the comment that was made the most was that they were a bit on the salty side.  
And of course, who can go out for a holiday lunch and not get dessert?  Most of us chose the pumpkin cheesecake and it was spot on.  It was an Italian style cheesecake so it wasn't heavy at all.  It was the perfect ending to a lovely meal.  It was a bit on the pricey side but if you don't go out often, its well worth the extra cash.After the place I was planning on eating birthday dinner at had a 45 minute wait for no good reason (uh, no thank you!), we wandered down Passyunk until we came across this gem. Though I lived in Philly for probably ten years, I had never even heard of Paradiso (ahem, maybe it's new?). Since there was plenty of available seating, we scooted right in and made ourselves comfortable. Unfortunately, the 4th person in our party was late meeting us and the "Please refrain from using cell phones in the dining area," while a nice touch, made me a little wary of checking in with her even when I needed to. Apparently they don't really enforce the rule, but I still felt bad so I erected a menu barricade to hide behind. Ok, now the good stuff. Our servers name was Anthony and he was SO MUCH FUN! We laughed through the whole meal, which was amazing... AMAZING! I got the wagu beef (am I making that up?) which was a special. One of my best friends had the black noodles (also delicious) and my other best friend haaaaddddd..... you know, I can't remember what she had, but ALL our plates were bone dry at the end of the meal, so you know it was good! Top it all off with an apple tart with some ice cream (what the hell kind of ice cream is that? It actually tasted like apple pie ice cream, is that real life?!) and a birthday candle and I was one satisfied birthday girl!! I plan to be back many, many times.This lovely little place never disappoints. Chef Lynne is masterful. Love, love, love their food.We had the service of a food knowledgeable waiter guide us through the menu. Escargot appetizer excellent.  Everyone ordered a different entree and all were excellent.  
It's nice to go to an Italian Restaurant where the portions are sized to leave enough room for super delicious deserts.
Only downside is finding a parking place.In my opinion, the Best Italian Food in Philadelphia! This Cozy, little place, sits in the heart of an Italian neighborhood in South Philly. Gourmet Italian all the way. Excellent Service, Excellent FOOD! They have an extensive wine list, however, certain nights they offer BYOB. They have a nice little bar and outside dining also. We were treated with a Stuffed Zucchini Blossom Tempura Appetizer. Crisp, Tender, and Full of Flavor! I had the Oysters which were Plump and Juicy with just a hint of the Sea. Our Host Loved the Trip soup. He didn't leave a drop. For Dinner I chose the Hudson Valley Duck Breast, "Agrodolce" Cipollini Onion, Soft Polenta My date had the Braciola, Celery Root Puree and Smoked Tomato Puree. Everything was cooked PERFECTLY using the best cuts of meat. The Fresh Bread was served with Mashed Cannelloni Beans, Pesto, and Peppers. After Dinner, I enjoyed a nice Glass of Grand Marnier, My Date had the Home Made Lemon cello. Service and food were both EXCELLENT!! They also offer Price Fixe Menus and Daily specials! When in Philly, This is the place to go for REAL ITALIAN!Impressive. Here for east passyunk restaurant week. They did not disappoint. Good service, knowledgable wait staff, and then the food... 
First course was a veal sausage and liver/foe gras mousse. The mouse was like butter, copious, and very superb. Dinner was duck breast and speck wrapped scallops over a mushroom risotto. Both excellent. Cheese plate was an single charge of 8$ ad don to the fix pris $35/pp. 
If there was room for improvement it was in the desert - the bombolino needed something more in the dough-a little to plain. The apple pie crostini was good but uninspired. 
Wine list has ample selections between $40 and $60/btl.  All in all a great first visit. This is a foodie quality experience in a bustling but uncramped setting. 
I'aalllll be baaaaaack (terminator  accent).Awesome place! That's all I can say, this place is so inviting and the locals are great company, I'll defiantly return.I was here for a family party in the private room upstairs last night. The food was amazing, but holy hannah, the wait staff sings opera! I want to say that it was too gimmicky except I can't because their voices were IN-freakin-credible. And I don't really even think of myself as someone who likes opera. Overall they were super professional about the actual service as well, if a bit forgetful about the minutiae like refilling water glasses--but we were a huge group so it's not too surprising. Now for the food: The gnocchi pommodoro absolutely just melts in your mouth. And the pan seared chilean sea bass with braised swiss chard and tomato fennel puree? I didn't mean to eat all of it since I'd hit the anitpasti buffet pretty hard, but I cleaned my whole plate it was so delish. For dessert I had a glass of DiSarrono. Altogether a lovely meal.Staff was pleasant but not very knowledgeable or attentive, but it could've just been an off night. Food was solid, but definitely not the best, especially for being in south Philly where there is a plethora of Italian joints.I've never been to this place before today; and been living just down the street 3 years now.  Well... I'll make sure that the next 3 I visit frequently.  The table oil for your bread is legit.  Not like you've ever had in your cupboard.  The cracked pepper is cracked - not powdered.  Everything here is simplicity refined.  The best stuff done right.  I ordered a warm Mixed green salad with grape tomatoes, chicken, and a homemade balsamic. The greens were perfectly warm yet not soggy nor wilted.  Tomatoes were par for the course(this area has great local produce). Dressing was opaque, flavorful, not too tart, and not runny.  Chicken was impressive - perfect crispy golden brown grill marks juicy tender inside no real remarkable flavor of its own, but combined with the salad and dressing just amazingly accompanied.  My point? They deliver a plate that is clean without the usual smorgasbord of spices and other elements. You see exactly what you're getting, and it's all delicious.  Friendly staff that will introduce themselves and get to know your name here. Come check it out.Had a bad experience here last year. Chef was clearly out of his league that night attempting a couple of fancy dishes and failing miserably on both. Neither my dinner companion nor I were able to eat much of what we were served. Huge disappointment. Added to that, surly attitude from management, and this goes on my short list of places to avoid on east Passyunk. On the plus side there are many other great dining options in the neighborhood.I've been to Paradiso a few times over the past 4 or so years, but this is the first time I actually felt disappointed. The service was friendly but much too slow- for example, about 25-30 minutes passed between the time when we asked for the check, and the time we actually got to leave the restaurant. It was the end of a long day, I was tired, and did not appreciate waiting that long on a transaction that should take no longer than 5 minutes.
Foodwise I was a little disappointed as well. I ordered the pappardelle, which I usually find delicious- unfortunately, this time the noodles were dry and some were stuck together. Likewise, the fried zucchini blossoms, which I have enjoyed in the past, were greasy rather than crispy. 
There are a ton of great Italian restaurants in South Philadelphia, and so, I probably won't go back to Paradiso. It's a shame.I strongly recommend ordering the pastas while at Paradiso. We order three different kinds to sample as appetizers and each dish was delicious! We had a walnut and spinach ravioli, wild boar linguini, and the lobster gnocchi. If you have to choose one pasta dish definitely get the gnocchi. The waiter described them as "little pillows" which was actually pretty spot on. 
I ordered the arctic char for dinner which was nicely cooked, but quite a small portion. This was disappointing since it was paired creamed leeks, the side was heavy and filling, but I would have rather been filled up on my fish instead of the accompaniment. 
For dessert we ordered the cinnamon sugar bombilini which came with three dipping sauces, it was extremely yummy, gooey, and warm. 
In conclusion, go for the pastas and nice cute atmosphere with open air dining.If you are a picky eater or a vegetarian--this is probably NOT the place for you. 
I (the picky one) dined here on a gorgeous evening with my boyfriend and our good friend (the veg). We live right near by and decided to take advantage of their prime, Passyunk location as well as a special offer to dine there through opentable.com.  Now I see why this special offer existed...because you'd have to twist someone's arm to go here.
On the down side, the service was fair, to be NICE. Our server, I suppose presuming that three 20 somethings were going to stiff her on the check, decided we did not deserve the same level of service as she provided to her other tables.  It's always very curious to me when a you can overhear your server give a warm welcome to the table next to you, read you delectable sounding specials, and offer wine specials, and then turn around to our table and say "Hi, what can I get you?". No "Good Evening". No "Is this your first time here". Nothing.  We waited 15 minutes for to be offered dessert or our check. She took my drink from the table before I was through drinking it after I said I didn't want another. Our friend (the veg) ordered the potato gnocchi which he said was complete mush. I was forced to order the stuffed chicken (bleh) after I learned they were out of the only dish I would have eaten. Sub par. Won't go back.
On the plus side, I had the lentil soup which was quite good, the veg had the beet salad which he enjoyed, and my boyfriend admittedly liked his wild boar ragu.
Overall a sub par experience. Plenty of other better restaurants in the area.A very dependable and superb restaurant.  We have never been disappointed with the food and service.  This is our favorite restaurant on Passyunk, although we have to try two or three more...I recently held my wedding & reception in Paradiso's upstairs event space and I couldn't be happier with how everything turned out. Lynn and her team were so helpful and accommodating throughout the process, the space was beautiful, the food was delicious, and she made a special effort to incorporate a few Polish traditions that meant so much to my mother in law. I highly recommend Paradiso for any special event!Nice staff and bartenders. I have only had lunch here. The steak sandwich is pretty tasty and comes with fontina cheese and sautéed onions on a fresh long roll. Cooked to temp and the price is fair. I believe it was $11 before tax/tip. Should mention it came with a side salad and fries may be available. I have also had the grilled chicken sandwich which was dry and overlooked. Would consider having dinner here.We went here last night with friends; 2 of us partook of the restaurant week prix fixe (4 courses for $30 whatwhat!) and 2 of us ordered off of the regular menu. Our waitress was adorable, and the somelier was on site that night to tell us about some of the wines and gave us an excuse to order some. The ambiance was really nice too; relaxed and classy.
All of us loved our food. The baby spinach & pear salad (sans pancetta) was surprisingly delicious for how simple it looked on the plate. The fried zucchini was silky cheesy fried goodness. The fettucine pomodoro was so fresh, light, and I could've ended the meal there and been happy. But wait, there's more!
We girls both got the asiago stuffed chicken (sans the speck... noticing a pattern?) and the chicken was super juicy, the cheese was mouth wateringly smooth. The boys got the skate and the branzino, which was brought to the table whole with the option of fileting it ourselves or having the kitchen do it, which I thought was cool. The chocolate bread pudding was amazing, and I wish I could've eaten more of it if not for the teensy bits of walnuts baked in waiting to kill me ;)What a surprise! We came here to celebrate my niece and nephew's birthdays. The restaurant is beautiful without being stuffy. Our service was friendly and was very helpful helping us make dinner and appetizer selections. He recommended we start with a plate of home cured meats and we loved it. We ordered the bass, the duck breast, and I had the parpadelle with veal. ALL of the entrees were excellent. We even asked the chef to use no salt because of my wife's restrictive diet and they accommodated the request without even blinking. 
I would highly recommend this restaurant if you want a great meal mage with the best ingredients available. Prices are fair, which is not the same as inexpensive. We will definitely come back again!Very disappointed! My fiancée and I decided to dine here tonight and I will never come back. I paid $25 for the smallest piece of sea bass with 2 pearl onions garnished with diced mango. I am a fish junkie. I order it everywhere I go. It's never a huge cut but decent enough and always comes with a vegetable or something. It was ridiculous. 
My fiancée ate the tortellini ($19) which consisted of six 1" squares in a huge bowl. I thought it was a joke. I wish I could have taken pictures. If the food was good or not I don't know because I was too upset, but I don't think it was anything special. We ate our meal in less then 2 minutes, paid the check, and left. 
Little Fish is in the same price range and it is delicious as well as good portions. 
Service was good.This restaurant is a great place to enjoy a glass of wine with a delicious appetizer or a wonderful meal made with their fresh pasta. The tripe is excellent and squash blossoms are my favorite.I adore Paradiso for the delicious food; friendly, thoughtful, and accommodating staff and owner; warm setting on East Passyunk; and turning out to be the most wonderful spot for a cozy and happy winter wedding!
Working with the owner, Lynn, was a dream: she was so enthusiastic about collaborating with us and understanding our hopes for the day; incredibly responsive and supportive in ensuring every detail of our celebration came together, working out all the details for the space, and creating a fantastic menu. Lynn and her staff worked with my friends to set up the flowers, seating cards, and decorations and rearranged the entire downstairs to host our Sunday afternoon ceremony, followed by a festive cocktail hour, a long and leisurely meal, and a whole lot of dancing! The cocktail hour included prosecco, craft beers stocked especially for us, passed appetizers, and a beautiful cheese spread. We transitioned upstairs and our 80 guests found their seats  (Lynn even worked with us on the seating chart and best placement for everything!) and were served appetizers and carafes of wine, family-style; plated salads; and a choice of entrée that guests ordered that day, including a fantastic vegetarian option (stuffed peppers, yum!). We had access to the sound system throughout the day, danced our tails off, and, instead of cake, which my husband and I are not the biggest fans of, Lynn and her crew baked individual apple tarts for everyone, accompanied with wonderful mascarpone ice cream (matching our cheese happy wedding!). We received absolutely the highest compliments from our guests on the food, comfy space, and friendly service (the staff were incredibly sweet and attentive through it all!).
We have been back since for more marvelous meals and will be there again tonight, on the eve of our first wedding anniversary, quite a bit bashful that we are only posting this review now - so incredibly overdue for such a wonderful spot!
Highly recommended for a meal any day of the week, or for a very special event (our close friends liked it so much they ended up having their rehearsal dinner there six months later!).Went here on a recommendation from a local who grew up in South Philly Italian area. 
The service was top notch.  The food also very good.
The gnocchi is completely amazing.
I am more familiar with tomato sauce italian, but a lot of the selections were meat and potatoes...  is that northern italian?
Whatever type of italian food it was, the service and food are excellent.  The ambience felt local, but its a very quick trip from downtown if you are looking for something a litte more authentic Philly.The pasta is on another level! Had the pappardelle bolognese, a bottles of wine and a few other dishes. The chefs are very friendly and love to cook. Looking for a delicious pasta stop while traveling though Passyunk Ave, this is your spot.The first time there for me and it's for their newly available lunch.  Who'd a thunk it!?
 I loved the food I had.  The sandwiches ordered were definitely the best.  The wonderful bread, the amazing ingredients. The very affordable menu at gourmet quality and sit-down service!? crazy good.What a disappointment!!  Paradiso was my go to place.  I lived just a few doors away.   Though, my last experience left me unimpressed and I am heartbroken.  They were short staffed, bartender had to help on floor.  By the way, he was doing shots with other patrons - IDK.  I don't care, but maybe owner would.   Food was undercooked - sea bass was pink and fishy -- yuk.  $25.00 for a 2 ounce piece -- only thing on the plate.  The experience was odd.  The chicken was too fowl tasting.  I was so confused.  What happened?  Thank goodness we filled up on the bread, waiter filled it 3 times.  The pasta was definitely home made, excellent, but the peas throughout were so, so undercooked - very hard.    The other pasta dish also excellent, but never saw the asparagus.Phenomenal food and Service!! Definitely a great time and atmosphere. Love their NY Strip Steak!! It was so tender and juicy. Service and staff are outstanding. They treat me like the guest of honor, everytime I am there. Can't wait to go back!DO NOT...
I REPEAT....DO NOT buy a gift card from this place.  It expires after 1 year. A gift from someone and $200 down the drain.I am literally in Paradiso after dining with our special-occasion graduation party of 9 last night.
We had a 5:30 reservation and the place was empty on a Thursday night - which was actually great as we got stellar service from the male server, female bartender/water glass filler and the 2 chefs in the back were really on point!
Started with a round of (pricey) drinks including Belvedere on the rocks, Stoli-O and a glass of Prosecco with a hefty splash of cranberry. Also some folks chose unsweetened iced tea.
Appetizers were monumentally delicious, especially the escargot, 1/2 order or sweetbread ravioli and burrata served with thinly sliced golden beets.
One lady ordered the special app - a HUGE charcuterrie plate with 6 different Italian cured meats including prosciutto and GUANCIALE.  Heavenly! (Plus garnishes including crostini and lovely artichokes.)
Our meal continued with entrees (A bit pricey at 25 - 35 a pop and the special - a huge steak for 2 was $70!!!) that were generously portioned.  Hamachi was gorgeous as was the stuffed veal breast.  I had the duck breast (served med-rare with the perfect amount of Quack!) and polenta.  So terrific.
Deeserts were the only place Paradiso fell short.  While the ricotta cheese cake was silken and lovely, the bombolili were heavy as lead.  (Fortunately the house-made Gianduja was lick-the-bowl worthy!).
Service was a dream.
Can't wait to return.Paradiso is simply a very good restaurant.  It is also a pioneering restaurant as its opening on Passyunk Avenue helped to fuel a renaissance.  Although it is not large, it is still bigger than all the famous restaurants on East Passyunk that have come afterwards.  And it does have a full bar.  There is one food item that Paradiso is the best in all of Philadelphia and that is their Pansotti.  These Ligurian delicacies are only served at lunchtime but are they tasty.  Resembling triangular ravioli, they are filled with greens and ricotta and served with cheese and a walnut sauce.  Why more Italian restaurants don't have pansotti on their menus is a mystery to me. Thankfully Paradiso offers them!Brutally hot July night and when asked they insisted on keeping the windows open rather than turning on the air conditioning. this even though they have an open air kitchen which raised the temps in the dining room to which seemed like 90 degrees.Add to that the elbow to elbow table set up and it was a very uncomfortable experience.  I would add I am usually the last person to ever feel heat. In fact I am a hot weather lover, so this was unacceptable for me so I wasnt surprised when others outside of our table remarked the same thing while outside getting some cool air.
I think the waitstaff was exhausted from the heat too because there wasn't a smile on any of their faces and the service was spotty at best. 
Frankly, it was too uncomfortable to enjoy our meal and we didnt linger over drinks like we usually do.
I won't ever go back in summer.My husband I made the trip out to Philly for a small family reunion. We went to Paradisio with a party of about 15. The food was good, and the servers were doing their best, but it is definitely not a venue for such a large table. In order to have all the meals out at the same time many of us received entrees that had been sitting for a bit. I was quite excited to try their ragu, but ended up being served an entirely different meal. My strong suggestion for perspective diners it to keep the table size to no more than 6 people.I came here with my parents on a Saturday night for a 7:30 dinner reservation. This was everyone's first visit. I don't know how it took me this long to visit this South Philly gem. We'd considered a handful of options and Paradiso looked perfect - and it proved to be! 
It wasn't crowded when we were arrived so we were given a choice of where to sit. As our meal progressed the dining room filled up slightly but never got completely filled which was a good thing in this case because I was able to hear everyone at our round table.
Our waiter was personable and the service we received throughout our meal was an appropriate mix of efficient and friendly. After placing our orders, our server noticed a number of us had ordered the same first course so he offered to combine them and bring them out family style for all of us to share amongst one another. It was a great suggestion that got everyone moving and interacting in a fun way. We started off with the burrata with parma prosciutto, roasted peppers and heirloom tomato. The burrata was wonderfully creamy and the tomatoes naturally sweet and juicy. Next up was ravioli with fava beans and fiddlehead ferns, and gnocchi with mild mushrooms. Since I ordered the ravioli as my main dish, I stuck with tasting the gnocchi here which had a delicate, melt-in-your-mouth texture that were matched well with rich, meaty mushrooms. As for mains, my dinner companions ordered the branzino, the duck, the pappardelle, and the halibut. My ravioli, much like the gnocchi, was so light and the fava beans and fiddlehead ferns just screamed spring! Considering if you blink you might miss your chance for fiddlehead ferns. To accompany our meal, my boyfriend, the wine connoisseur, took care of ordering wine that complimented each dish wonderfully. 
The menu at Paradiso isn't your standard spaghetti and meatballs but unique creations, perfectly portioned with incredibly fresh ingredients. 
As for dessert, which you definitely should save room for, we shared orders (1 each) of the: dark chocolate and gianduja budino, ricotta & apple crostata and the cinnamon bomboloni with chocolate, caramel & lemon curd. The bomboloni, which are like gourmet little donuts, was my favorite of the three. 
There are a lot of hip new restaurants on Passyunk Ave. and this is certainly a neighborhood gem. It's a really comfortable environment that has the right balance of upscale yet comfortable. Definitely worth a visit and a future return!We had drinks and dessert here last night. The ambiance is simple but elegant, the staff was friendly and knowledgeable, and the cheese and dessert were awesome. The wine list is reasonably priced. We also met the owners a few years back who were very nice. We'll be back soon.Food was okay..portions were small I got the spinach gnocchi...I made a reservations and my table wasn't ready when I arrived, I waited over 30 minutes...I woulldn't go back.Visited Paradiso for the 1st time Tuesday night and it was fantastic. 
I don't know why it took me so long to visit this South Philly gem?
We were greeted immediately when we entered the restaurant by a huge welcome and seated right away. It turns out that person was also our waiter. 
The restaurant was not crowded as it was 8PM and a Tuesday. They did have one party of 15 or so and our party of 3 with a few at the full bar. It was sort of a business dinner. 
We had the calamari and escargot that was just as good as it gets. The escargot was served in a small black pot in a tomato based sauce, that was sooooo good, with toasted parmesan laced bread. 
2 of us had the spaghetti with shrimp and crab meat and it was awesome. The other had raviolis that were excellent. Everything was very tasty and served hot. 
They also offered wine by the glass that was good and a full wine list if you are seeking bottles. Finished dinner with a B&B from the full bar. B&B is a great after dinner drink~liquor that some restaurants forget to have around. 
The only thing I would suggest is they can beef up the portions of the pasta dish. They were not small, but not really large enough if you know what I mean. 
They also should carry a few cheater glasses as I forgot my own. They did have a magnified glass but cheaters would be better to read the menu. 
Overall, I will definitely recommend this for a romantic date, friends or family. The ambiance was something you will like for South Philly. Can't wait to go back and take my wife!
Great job to the entire staff at Paradiso!!Dined here for date night with the boyfriend during local restaurant week and could not pass up the 4 courses for $30 dollars.  First time here for both of us and the ambiance alone won us over right away.  Walking in through plush red curtains set the tone for me immediately, classy and simple decor all around.  We made reservations but came in early and we were seated right away.  Everything on the menu looked delicious but we stuck with the prix fixe menu with the addition of wine and some extra dessert!  My favorite course was the classic Fettuccine Pomodoro, the pasta was so light and so fresh and amazingly delicious, easily one of the best Fettuccine's I have ever consumed.  The rest of my meal was ok but next time I eat here I am sticking with the pasta dishes.  The wine that our server recommended was also out of this world good.  I told her what I liked and she immediately threw out a name, I know I am totally butchering this but I believe it was called Negramaro Vitto, either way it perfectly complimented my meal.  And of course I cannot leave without talking up the cheese cart!  Our meal included dessert, which was tasty (the boyfriend's rice pudding was way better then my chocolate cake btw) but I just had to sample the cheese.  The cart was wheeled over and our server explained the taste and origin of each cheese and we got to pick three to test.  We chose 2 sweet cheeses and one sharp, none of which I can tell you the name of, but they were amazing, sliced fresh, and served with honey, pear, and a sweet fig spread.  All in all it was a delicious meal and I would definitely recommend it to a friend!We went for Valentine's dinner last night.  A very expensive disappointment.  Our server was clearly not ready for a fine dining establishment.  We were forced to purchase a bottle of wine that we had immediately rejected upon receipt.  This ruined the entire meal from the start.  However, as it was Valentines Day, and every other restaurant was already booked, we decided to press on.  Anchovy dressing on the salad was overwhelming.  So fishy it could not be enjoyed.  Pork chop was overcooked on one side and greasy on the other.  Between the two of us, neither one was able to enjoy a full meal.  To cap off the evening, we watched the server at the table next to us deliver a falling apart dessert plate and announce "it will still taste good."  When the meal costs $200, you take the plate back to the kitchen and return when it's presentable.  Try one of the other restaurants on Passyunk.  We went to Le Virtu for drinks and dessert and it was sweet redemption.Unfortunately, the restaurant was not open at 12:15pm despite the posted 11:30 opening time.  There was no sign on the door so I went to nearby Marra's where I enjoyed a nice lunch.Restaurant week review.
Phenomenal experience for East Passyunk restaurant week. Literally my only complaint is that is was very loud but there's nothing to be done about that.
I got the burrata, pork chop, and tiramisu and loved everything. The burrata was delish, the pork chop was so tender, and the tiramisu was good.
I also had the gin cocktail that had their honey that comes from the bees on their roof and it was phenomenal. The drinks were pretty pricey but I enjoyed it.
Would recommend for restaurant week or a special occasion. The staff was also so accommodating and friendly.Nice service and atmosphere, but the worst Italian food I have ever attempted to eat. 
The calamari was too salty to eat and there was no aoll sauce.
Grilled eggplant with minuscule amounts of goat cheese. There were several servings left on the table. 
The penne bolonese looked like dog food and tasted like Spam. 
The ceased salad was not Ceasar. Just a vinaigrette over romaine lettuce.
Fertuccini Alfredo also extremely salty and tasted like it was from a jar. 
Braised short ribs with polenta was good. Certainly not my idea of an Italian dinner.
The house Cabernet was udrinkable.
Don't waste your time or $150!One of my issues is that it is small plate and I left the place hungry.  The portion size does not match the price.  The food was just ok, for me and didn't wow me.  The plus was that the staff was very friendly.Best Pasta Ever! It's fresh and homemade. I went with my boyfriend at the time during South Philly restaurant week and we made a wise choice. The staff was very friendly and the food was delicious. This quaint little spot is a must-visit.Had dinner here last night with my husband and another couple. We were very disappointed. There was only one fish choice for our Kosher diner, char, which had a very fishy taste. It was served with a scoop of quinoa and a stripped stalk of broccoli, no buds. The plate looked ridiculous with the tiny portion of fish. A gnocchi dish was cold in the center and had to be sent back. The grilled octopus was very good, but a serving included three small pieces.  The bread was offered sparingly, which was okay because it had no taste. Coffee was fair. We didn't even bother with dessert.
Whatever ambience might have been there was ruined by the shouting and clanging in the kitchen and the too loud tv and drinkers at the bar.Delicious!  Great ambience, okay service, but the food is worth remembering. The menu is Italian with a bit of American influence, but the chef does a good job at representing a wide variety of regions in Italy.  Shared the Fritto Misto as a starter, very good but the smelts were just a bit too fragrant in my opinion.  Cooked to perfection.  My favorite dish was the risotto with seared scallop - this was food at its perfection.  Try this dish if you go here! Although pretty full at this point I did have the duck and polenta as an entrée which was also very good.  I recommend Paradiso for anyone looking for a great Italian meal in Philly.Sorry to say it sucked. 
Nice service and bartender. 
Pasta overdone with wild boar tasted like chopped meat
They did give me a replacement dish of ravioli that was good. But very meager portion. 
DisappointedThis was the last time I will visit here. There are not many places in the area that are opened for lunch. We got there when they were ending lunch. We did not realize that, the waiter very nicely told us he would be right with us. As we were waiting the owner/chef comes in and the waiter comes over, the owner said you want to take them, with a terrible look on his face. The waiter, again was very nice and gracious said yes. At that point we both looked at each other and said no thanks. I understand that lunch was ending, but there is a way of addressing a possible customer.My wife and I had a lovely meal here last night. Terrific friendly server took great care of us. Marvelous food included a flavorful porchetta (pork shoulder) for me and duck with polenta for my wife. The cheese trolley is an adventure in exotic flavors. I feel really blessed to have a place like this in the neighborhood. ThIs was definitely a splurge for us - over 150 for two of us included wines and tip - but well worth it!Stopped in around 9PM on a Wednesday and ate at the bar. Good crowd on a warm, south philly night. 3 beers on tap, more in bottles, good wine selection. The bar keep was friendly and knowledgeable. Pasta was fantastic, English Peas were crisp, and tuna carpaccio was buttery. I plan on returning for a larger, sit down meal in the near future. Nice ambiance, a place were they could get to know you after 2 - 3 trips.Every time I go I sit at the bar. The bartenders are always very nice and attentive. The menu is great and the specials are usually very unique. The gnocchi there is melt-in-your-mouth delicious and the fried chicken livers are incredible! You should definitely give them a try if you have never had them before. This is the place to do it!Great unique take on Italian cuisine. I'm pretty sure the pasta is homemade. If not I can't tell the difference.  All the dishes Ive had have been absolutely amazing. 
This is the kind of place I take people who are from out of town or for special occasions.  The wait staff is knowledgeable about the dishes and very professional and the kitchen is open in the back of the restaurant so you can see the chef at work.
Come here for specialties like rabbit, duck and wild boar. I'm always impressed with the variety.Excellent food, nice atmosphere and perfect service!  Definitely try any of their pastas.  The black bucatini was tremendous.  The apps are great, also.  Give it a try!  Another great thing is there is a municipal lot right across the street that only charges $0.50 an hour!Tried again. Was a mistake. Very weird menu for an Italian restaurant. 
Could not find anything to eat and they couldn't make simple veal parm. 
Left to go to another place after paying for drinks.