We were in Philadelphia for one night and were really craving Spanish food!  We found this place and were immediately excited.  No one was in the restaurant which made us a bit skeptical at first, but later we realized it's because most people get takeout!  This place has so much variety and gives huge portions.  I got a skirt steak with yellow rice and it was fantastic.  My friend got Chicken and Shrimp in a garlic sauce.  We both enjoyed our food very much and it was very reasonably priced.  We ended the meal by sharing a piece of tres leches cake (which was fantastic) and coffee.  The coffee cups were  a little small but it did the trick.
This is a great low key place with great food.
I will definitely be back when in the area and I would highly recommend!Finally....a Dominican restaurant in Center City or at least close to Center City.  I had the opportunity to try this restaurant last Saturday with a group of friends (25) for a birthday celebration.  
The owner was more than helpful in accommodating such a large party.  I can't review   the service in general since this was a unique situation but everyone working there went above and beyond and the service for our party was exceptional.
The atmosphere is bright, simple and pleasant.  
The stuffed plantain was amazing.  If you like plantains don't miss it.
The steak was a bit tough but the chicken was moist and flavorful. 
The prices are very reasonable.
This place is new and still finding its stride, but the owners are very committed to their business and I have no doubt they will continue to refine the overall experience.Hard to find good authentic Criollo food. This place is quaint and very homey. The owner was wonderful and very present throughout our dinner. The food was delicious and felt like I was eating at my Mom's dinner table. I will definitely visit again.I love Latin food, but I don't want to go to deep DEEP north Philly and I'm not always up to spending what they spend at the Center City spots. So Parada Maimon is a good compromise. Most of the times I've been here I've gotten the pernil with rice and black beans. I've tried the half chicken, the gizzards, and the mofongo. The chicken was good enough that I brought some home to my family. It was a hit. The price can't really be beaten. For those wondering, you can sub out rice and beans for some fries... or maybe some other side they're offering. 
What issues did I have? You can either order at the counter or you can have a seat. The counter (cafeteria style) food is ready-made while most other things are made to order. My first impression was underwhelming... as the pernil I had was dry. I didn't know to ask for gravy since I ordered from the menu. That wasn't enough to keep me away because I came back and had the mofongo and I didn't like it much. I mentioned in a review for another place that I don't fault the establishment. I just didn't know what I was getting into because it more or less tastes the same everywhere I've tried it. There was a little confusion in the portions... they should just say large and small, but instead they say lunch and dinner if I remember correctly.
So for the best dine-in experience... order at the counter, if you're not fluent in Spanish then English is fine...mostly (I got a verbal judo flip with my basic Spanish), state what sauces/gravy you want on your food and then have a seat. Also, get one of their fresh juices (Chinola for me). If you really want to EAT get the dinner (large) portion, but if you're there for the deal get the lunch (small). 
So with a large plate of pernil with a good amount of gravy, some hot sauce and oil for the rice, and some thousand island or whatever for the little salad... I'm NICE! I think they have tres leches too, but I've been too full to try it.
PRO-TIP: And ask for maduros... I don't think they're included, but I don't think they're extra. It's just like 3 or 4 and anyway.
FUN FACT: The area is desolate so there's really no best way in or out on foot. You're catching alleys, bums, and long empty stretches on all sides. Seriously, don't let that stop you from checking this place out.Wonderful owner, wonderful server, great environment---(imagine florida, cuba, or even the DR)---that's the feeling the surrounding incites. Families, groups of friends, couples all enjoy yummy food here. Food is not spicy or too strong; mild and excellent. Plantains are a must---absolutely delicious and chicken stew is highly recommended. Chicken stew is tomato-based, not spicy and enormous side portions, yellow rice, and beans are available red and black. A fellow diner who ordered Mofongo claimed she wanted to sleep in it and eat as needed. So Mofongo is a must, it seems. 
Free parking is a plus and the restaurant has a nice little outdoor patio. 
You'll leave with a full tummy and a smile on your face.True family style Dominican cooking. Perfectly cooked beans, rice, and chicharron! Also, there is free parking in a lot right behind the building. Adorable outdoor seating... The owner was very involved and came over to ask how everything was. I would definitely come again. You should go, too!Really terrific, low-key, friendly place, with the best mofongo I've had since Puerto Rico (but note, this place is Dominican!)- also highly recommend the whole red snapper and the Tres Leches!! Jose and his staff have created a very welcoming atmosphereMy husband found this restaurant on yelp and we decided to try it for dinner. The food selection is vast and authentic. The mofongo is delicious. We also had the chicken and the fish dishes. The portions are large and great for sharing. Best of all the prices are very reasonable - we had an entire dinner for less than $50! And the service is incredibly friendly. Totally recommend this restaurant.How to even begin to describe the let total let down that was lunch today.  First, had to call back 3 times before we could place order, they just didn't seem to have any of the favorites.  Fine, so finally it became a conversation about "well, what do you have?" Please note, it's not like we called at 2:28 for lunch, it was a reasonable 11:45 or so.  Second, delivery was ridiculously late, maybe being from NYC I have higher expectations so I'll give them a pass on that...maybe.  Third and the final straw, the food was HORRIBLE!!!!! I don't even understand how they felt that what they sent out was acceptable.  How does a Dominican restaurant screw the most basic thing-Rice.  It was stale and crunchy...and not in a bibimbap way....which I love but not with my chicken stew that was void of everything but chicken.  The only redeeming item were the sweet plantains and I assume that was because it didn't require much intervention from the chef.  
Was this just an unusually bad day for a restaurant that thus far has been pretty good? I don't know but it will be quite a while before I return to find out.Great patties... they're on the small side, but cheap. I could probably eat 6-7 for a meal. Goes great with a side of beans.
The sweet plantains were decent, but nothing special.TLDR: Delicious food at cheap prices. Get the goat stew, it's heavenly. No AC tho, maybe don't come on a hot day. 
I'm a Dominican food newbie, so I can't speak for the authenticity of this food. But it is delicious! I ordered a lunch special, which includes a protein, a huge bed of white or yellow rice, a side of black or red beans, 3 fried plantain slices, and a cabbage and tomato salad dressed with vinegar. The amount of protein isn't as generous as the amount of rice, but regardless you'll still end up pretty full ($8-$12).  If you're craving more protein, go with the "order" vs "lunch special". You will get significantly more protein for a couple extra bucks. I loved the goat stew, but the pork spare ribs were meh (a little too salty for my taste). 
My gripes with this place include that there is no AC, just some ceiling fans, and that they don't have all the different types of protein on hand (I tried ordering oxtail and they hadn't made it).Love this place. Great food for a very low price. Staff members are friendly and helpful. I had the half chicken, and my friend had the ox tail. Everything was great.I ordered from this place a couple months ago and was blown away - it was super good. I ordered from here last week and was soo disappointed. It wasn't good at all. I got the fish family combo. First off the salad was old and turning brown. The beans looked like vegetable soup. The yellow rice was orange. I ended up throwing the whole thing out. I'm giving two stars instead of one because it might have been an off night.  One time is all I need - wont be ordering from here again.Fantastic, great tasting dishes! The stewed goat and roast pork were better than delicious. The chicken soup was exceptional, except it was served luke warm - once they made it hot it was great. Rice and beans, plantains great too. Look forward to going back. Nice and pleasant ownership and servers too.Wepa!!!! Given that there aren't that many Dominican people in Philly I was shocked to find this restaurant and wow...as we Dominicans say...que hartura de perros!!! (Meaning we ate like beasts). Better than most places in the NYC/NJ area to be honest. The ropa vieja is a must try and the prices are Amazing. The owner was super welcoming and I just loved everything about it. I will definitely come back when in town.The atmosphere is nice and casual. The service was friendly. However, I was unimpressed with the food. The dishes we tried had a strong tomato base and it just made the flavors weird. The beef itself was nice and tender. The rice had stale grains mixed throughout. My bf didn't enjoy the fried plantains or his coffee all that much. We skipped dessert.Super friendly staff, fast service and GREAT food. I got the goat stew which was flavorful, as well as a big meal. My coworkers got the chicken mofongo and pork ribs, which were also delicious, and the desserts were also phenomenal - we got the flan and tres leches cake. Would definitely recommend. I didn't know it was BYOB going in, or else I would have brought something.When you walk in the mood is very relaxed but the first thing you notice is a plethora of food that has been sitting in a warmer all day. Everything looks dried out. Let me start with what I ordered. I had the mofongo (chicken) and yellow rice with black beans. The mofongo was tasty but the salt content was unacceptable. The chicken was clearly left overs from the previous day. It was dry almost like a jerky. The yellow rice was bland and so dry from sitting in the warmer all day that it almost seeemed undercooked or raw. The beans were salty and lacking in flavor as well. I am not even an expert at dominican cuisine but from an avid lover of the culture I cook better dominican food than this place in my home. I will never eat here again.traveled from New York City & was not disappointed. the service, the food and the vibe was amazing! The owners name is Jose and he treated us like we were his favorite customers although it was our first time. they have an outdoor seating area that made it a great place to enjoy the weather. can't wait to go back! :)This Dominican spot is delicious in every sense of the word. The food, the ambiance, the hospitality is all excellent. They have awesome lunch special prices for an enormous amount of food. Tons of different options. I love that they have food ready to go if you're in a rush or a bunch of other options the kitchen can make if you want to sit down and have a feast. You can bring your own alcohol and have a fiesta! I really love this place :)  They also deliver which is awesome. I live and work close by so I eat here a few times a week and as long as their open, I'll be coming back!I loved this place! 
It's my yummiest new neighbor! 
I had a great meal here. I'm a little rusty with my Spanish, so I can't tell you the name of the exact dish I had. It was chicken with rice and black beans. All I can tell you is that is was amazing.
This place is so cute! They have a under the sea theme going which is awesome for impressing Philadelphia visitors. All the lights are a pretty blue, and they even light up the trees outside! 
I also had a flan here that was so delicious I actually remember every bite. It had little slices of banana on it... Simply the yummiest flan I've eaten in Philadelphia. 
I got to talk to the owner and he has great plans for the summer. I can't wait to see what he has planned. He was a very nice guy, and the staff is delightful. 
I love how versatile this place is too. You can either order from the buffet style selections they have prepared, dine in, carry out, or have it delivered. I suggest you go try it right now... 
Oh, they serve breakfast too!Came here during the Made in America festival and was tired of eating cheesesteaks :) I wanted some home cooking from the DR and that is exactly what I got! The food "estaba como EH" ....AKA the bomb! We got the specials for lunch (half a chicken and pollo guisado with rice and beans. Can't forget to mention that this place is BYOB. Overall this restaurant is one of my favorites in Philly and would definitely come back on my next visit fo Philly.Came into this restaurant in a poor mood cuz I had to drop my car in Chinatown for unexpected service.  Left this restaurant content with the world. 
1/2 chicken lunch special with red beans + yellow rice is the BUSINESS. I could only finish half.  Tasted great, washed it down with a milk+mango smoothie (get it w/ milk not water, if you can).  Staff was super nice.  A lunch special that's good for 2 meals and a mango smoothie for $10? Hard to find that in philly.  Come here hungry, leave here happy and fighting off the post-big-meal-nap-syndrome.I'm really happy to see great reviews for this Dominican restaurant/take-out spot. The value you get for the money you pay is unbelievable here. It has become our go-to restaurant when we don't feel like cooking. For just $8 you can get an entire half chicken, rice, beans, and a side like delicious plantains. This is just one of what seems like hundreds of dishes and food combinations that you can order here. We have tried several, but still have many more to experience. The owners and employees here are fantastic and always willing to help. They are a great addition to the neighborhood, and bring a great familiar feeling to weeknight dinners.Highly recommended! The choices are amazing and the prices are better!!!! Tried the chicken with fries and rice and it was the perfect combination of sweet and salty. Ample room for big parties and the staff were so friendly and helpful! Dessert selection may not be vast but they are delicious!Don't let it freak you out,  but the goat is amazing! I had the "lunch" special. For $9 I also had black beans, a huge portion of yellow rice, and a canned diet coke. Pretty legit Latin cuisine for being in the heart of Philly!Totally worth the drive from south jersey. Good food, reasonably priced, & good service. Will be back.Great dominican food,
Missing my mom's cooking, everything I had made me feel at home! Amazing batida de lechoza (papaya milkshake) and pastelitos, good chicken and tostones (I like my plantains a little crunchier though). Will definitely come back when I'm around :). 4.5 stars.Warm and friendly with great food at a reasonable price. Nice to find an authentic Dominican restaurant in PhiladelphiaMy daughter had raved about Parada Maimmon; the food and the portions.  She gets the baked chicken with yellow rice and black beans.  I was excited when she called to tell me she was going to stop there last Sunday.  I got the stewed chicken with the  same sides as she.    B I I I I I G disappointment!!!! The gravy was extremely salty to me. I couldn't, eat it. The black beans were very salty as well. I couldn't eat them either. The chicken itself had no flavor.  It's a shame because the portions are huge; a whole pan of rice. And the price was unbelievably cheap.  I will try it one more time, but will order something different.Omg this amazing find. Place is so delicious! The owner is so nice too and can accommodate any special requests. Food is quite tasty. Lots served in every helping. Brings me back to my childhood and makes me so happy!I waited six weeks before moving walking distance away from Parada Maimon to try it after living the area for a few. SIX WEEKS! I can't stress that point enough. What a mistake! If you are in the area, definitely stop in here for some comforting Dominican food. That half chicken lunch special is all sorts of wonderful. Very, very flavorful although some may find it to be a bit salty. Both the fried and the sweet plantains are great, but I am partial the sweet ones. The fried ones could be a bit crunchier. Those rice and beans are very hearty and comforting. Can't go wrong with desserts or the patties.
I did try delivery via GrubHub once and the delivery guy was unfortunately not that friendly, but the food made up for it. When I did GrubHub pickup orders, I believe the person I spoke to was the owner upon arrival and he said that he wants me to call the restaurant instead so they get to know their customers better. Now that is great customer service!My gf and I stumbled upon this place randomly while walking back to our car after attending the Philly Auto Show.  The menu is extensive, and they have a number of ready-made dishes at the front for quick-eating or take-out. The staff is very courteous and friendly, including the owner, although the service was a little slow. We ordered the half-chicken with rice and beans, and a few pastelitos de res: the chicken, and the rice and beans were very tasty; the pastelitos were a tad aggressively seasoned, but still good. 
The prices for lunch run between $5-10, and for dinner anywhere from $7.95- 25.00. They are a BYOB, and they have a decent selection of batidos and aguas frescas.  I will definitely have to go back to this place and try more things.  You should too.Great little restaurant! Note that the outdoor seating is not open yet, but will be soon. However, my girlfriend (a Spanish teacher and discerning Latin foodie) and myself (regular foodie) agreed it was somewhere we'd have to visit again.
The staff were very polite and eager to make sure we were enjoying our time there. It's run the way a restaurant should be run, prices are reasonable, and the food is tasty! Great place to spend some time.
Also, since it's misleading in the restaurant info, this restaurant does not serve alcohol but IS Byob.
PS. The bad lighting is from my phone's camera lens, which is cracked and has seen better days....it's actually warmly lit and a perfect for picture-taking because of the wooden walls!OMG this tastes just like food made at home (Puerto Rico) and it's fairly cheap. They even had mofongo and their flan is delicious. I'll definitely be coming here more often. We had their pernil which was okay and the bistec was really good!The 4.5 star rating this place has somehow managed to garner is not legitimate.  Nothing about this place is a 4 star establishment from the sticky mess on the tables, to the inconsistent food and awful service.  If you go in here expecting a good meal you're going to be disappointed.  
Don't bother ordering takeout, it comes on time but it's not good.I havent had the pleasure of trying any of PM's other dishes, but I will tell you that the daily special with the half chicken and rice is completely and utterly off the rack. Seasoned to perfection, u barely want to use salt or pepper on it. Rice and beans are fantastic and the plaintains are tremendous as well. Great guy that Juan is. Love this place. Don't get me started on the fruit juices.First night in Philly. Six of us walked from our hotel to this restaurant. They had their specials of the night displayed and looked delicious. As good as it looked it was. Everyone's food was hot and tasted amazing. We had fresh juice and fresh made desserts. Authentic Dominican food. One even dropped her purse without realizing and the owner ran two blocks to return it to her. Made our first night in town perfect.After reading the reviews, I had very high hopes for this place. I was not disappointed. 
The interior is very warm and comfortable. The owner and staff were very helpful, nice and attentive (but not annoyingly so).
The food, though. It was so so good. Not spicy, but very tender and flavorful. There was hot sauce on the table to add some spice. I had the stewed goat, stewed beef, rice and peas and fried sweet plantains. Nothing was my awesome. The portions were big, too. My two young kids happily ate my leftovers. 
I'm going back as often as I can. And bringing the kids.My housemate and I cannot get enough of Parada Maimon!!! This hidden gem has the double benefit of being both cheap and full of good eats. Our go-to dish has always been mofongo (either chicken or pork). Their beef pastelito (beef patty) is solid - nice and flakey, and full of rich flavor. When we last went yesterday, we also decide to try their tostones... omg, why have we not ordered a plate of that before!?!? Plus, did I mention this is a BYOB establishment?!
In essence, if you're craving a homecooked meal of Afro-Caribbean food, Parada Maimon is THE place to go to in all of Philadelphia! Jose (the owner) is a wonderful host and he'll make sure to hook you up with whatever you want. If you want a sample of some things before ordering, he is more than happy to allow you to sample some of their prepared items.If you never had papa Maimonis u never happened / have lived. Srsly where have u been if there hasn't been a papa mamas in your back door I'd probably say CHECK YR GOT DAMN REAR VIEW MIRROR AND BACK UP TO SAN JOSE. cause ur in for a wild ride. 
If you ever had hav the wild berry pop tarts just imagine that success in a meal n u have papi moomoos wow okI was with my Dominican friend and she liked it! the lechoza and tostadoes were really good. I liked the ox tail too but its a bit salty to me. The worker was really nice. bueno restaurante!Solid joint. Walked in for lunch. Portions are generous. Had the yellow rice, black beans, stew chicken, and fried plantains. Everything was exactly what I was looking for, flavorful Dominican food! Service was fast and friendly. Only thing missing is better drink options.Had the mangu (buttery mashed plantain YUM) breakfast with eggs, fried cheese, and Dominican style salami.  It was DELICIOUS! My husband and I always have this whenever we're in the Washington Hts area of Manhattan, and we're so happy we found it closer to home. The portion was more than generous, especially for the price. We also had a delicious creamy morir soñando drink. The service was super friendly, and the atmosphere was relaxed and very charming. Can't wait to come back and try the Mofongo  (among other dishes!)You have to try this place! What a find.  The food is fresh and delicious. My grouper was perfect and my husband raved about his stew.  The food has a homey feel and the restaurant is kitchy and comfortable.  Jose, the owner, stopped by to chat.  It was like being at a friend place for a meal.  We are already planing to go back and bring the rest of the family.The ropa vieja with Spanish​ rice and beans and is always so good. The mangu is also​ delicious​. I also recommend the guanabana juice (although sometimes is super sweet). Big portions, good price, ​and friendly staff. ​Great authentic Dominican food. El mofongo estaba ricisimo y tienen mucho para escojer. La salsa al ajillo was delicious. Will come back con frequencia.The SO found this place while staying up in Philly for a workshop.  She went a few times during that week and the whole fam tried it out the day we came to pick her up.
Don't let the humble appearance of this little hole in the wall fool you.  The Dominican food was fantastic.
We had the chicken, rice, beans, and plantains.  Yeah, it sounds pretty non-descript, but it was great.  Very succulent, very good.  Everybody left happy!
If you happen to be nearby you should definitely give them a try.  The next time we're up in this area I will definitely be coming by to sample more from their menu.
Take it from a guy who likes to eat.I recently moved to Florida and I miss this spot so much. The best Dominican restaurant in philly hands down. I use to drive about an hour and a half just for their food! The prices are great, love the atmosphere ,and the owners always gives a warm welcome.We ran into Parada Maimon a couple of days ago and have to say that the pork mofongo really hit the spot. The food is very authentic, just like in the DR. We also had 2 of their fruit juices, the tamarindo and guanabanam they were kinda sweet but they were freshly made. Parking is for free, prices were good too. Will definitively come back to try a few more dishes.GREAT FOOD! It was our first time trying Dominican food. Dishes served there were very tasty, the portions were big and the service was really nice. Everyone left full and happy. Highly recommend!Stopped into this restaurant as we were passing through Philly based upon the great reviews and ordered the lunch special to go.  It was: Beef stew, yellow rice, black beans, some plantains and a salad.  The lady behind the counter with the curly hair was super sweet and more than generous dishing out our rice.  We are talking heaping spoonfuls!!  She also gave us some extra broth to go and packed everything so well that it wouldn't spill all over the car!  Bonus!  Needless to say, this lunch special was enough to feed two people.  And --- it will only cost you 7 or 8 bucks!!  
The owner overheard us debating which juice to try and gave us a sample of the passion fruit juice and of course we ended up ordering one.   A little on the sweet side, as juices tend to be,  but really refreshing on a warm day!
This place was a great value if you are looking for some authentic and fresh Dominican food in Philly!  It is obvious that the owner puts his heart and soul into this operation.  Support local!!Love the atmosphere. There's not many places, if any, in Philly that have authentic Dominican food. It was clean, the food was great, and the music was straight from DR. Really can't ask for more.Their yellow rice isn't to die for. I've had their steak with white rice and that was much better.This is a SUPER unfortunate situation, as I REALLY like this place..
I ordered from Parada today. Normally everything is super on point and I get stuff pretty quickly...However today was no good. My initial order was not on time, and it was stated it was delayed by 15 minutes.... It was then 15 minutes after the 2nd estimated time. (so over 30 additional minutes late)
I was like ok it's cool I like this place a lot, so it's cool I then opened my food (Cubano, Pasteles, and pinto beans) and everything was cold... not like cold from the delivery like everything was CLEARLY sitting.
So I called... and spoke with a nice young lady who informed me that the delivery guy was out when my order came in and by the time he arrived my sandwich "had already been sitting like 15 minutes, and then the delivery time"... Not sure why a fresh one wouldn't be made... you wouldn't feed that to an in house guest..  I was told to call tomorrow and they would resend it (cause at this point I don't have time to wait.)
I know you're saying well you could warm it up... NOBODY warms up pasteles or a cubano...  it's meant to be enjoyed as fresh as possible.Let's just I ate the half chicken meal in 14 mins! This's has come up a lot for you too lol lolI really like this place, and visit frequently.  Fello, the owner, is amazing and provides excellent customer service.  The restaurant is very homey and family friendly.  The food is delicious and fresh, not frozen.  It is by far the best bang for your buck in Center City.  The pastelillos (turnover pastries) are the best I have had in Philadelphia.If you are looking for some good Dominican food this is the place nice and fast service! The price is amazing won't regret it 
I take my hot sauce with me because they only have mild 
Other than that it's greatFirst time here and I love it ! It's hard to find good Spanish food in the city . The service was fast, prices are reasonable, and the food was delicious. Plus they have a parking lot so you don't have to pay for parking and they are open until 9pm. Will definitely be returning ! I had the chicken and white rice platter with a pacha juice which was all great !I've been craving Dominican food for a while and I read a lot of great reviews about this place. For appetizers, I ordered sweet plaintains and beef patties. For the main course I ordered boneless pork and yellow rice with black beans. My boyfriend ordered salmon and yellow rice. We also ordered a side of oxtails. I was quite underwhelmed with the food. My pork lacked flavor and was very dry. It was really hard to eat the meat cause it was so bitter. Ultimately, I ended up throwing out most of it. The rice was bland. The beef patties and plaintain was ok. My boyfriend didn't really like the sauce the salmon was in. We probably will not eat here again.Meat and beans are good and cheap. The oxtail had more bone than meat but the pork was better.  Wish it were hot. They're super generous with the rice and beans but the rice is terribly salty so the whole meal begins to numb the tongue.  Inside tables are sticky sticky sticky. 
I used to like going in for smoothies until one day, my blonde friend and Asian I walked in the young lady behind the counter took our order and then her male friend walked in and they started flirting and talking about how neither of us know Spanish. Didn't say one word to us after he walked in. We both speak Spanish. Comes with decades of classes and living in Southern California, I guess. Thought that was in poor taste. Just like some of the food.Great lunch deal. I grab the chicken, rice, and planting for like $10. And that's a lot of damn food. Owner is big chills too. Loves to talk and the service here is good. Real Dominican food here if that's what you're looking for. Big selection tooThis place is my go to whenever I'm hungry. And don't want to cook. (Often)
Their goat is to die for. The mongoo is also excellent. Ask for their smoothies.
Owner and all workers are so nice. Pay them a visit. Will not be disappointed.The half chicken, with rice and beans special incredibly good! for not much money. Seriously the chicken and beans are some of the best I've ever tasted. My gf and I walked from a nearby hotel but they actually have their own parking lot. The owner is great and Ms. Maria was very pleasant and took care of us. I hope they do well there and we'll be sure to visit again the next time we're in Philly,would love to try some of the other dishes on the menu. Salud!I love Dominican food and was excited to discover this affordable Dominican restaurant on 12th and Callowhill.  Friendly staff made for a good start but the lack of air conditioning made for a stifling and uncomfortable meal.  There were a variety of dishes to choose from.  I had the tres gulpes and was underwhelmed.  The fried cheese and salami were good but the base of the meal was mushy and not flavorful.  My friend had the Tilapia which came out black.  I did;t ask her how it tasted but it looked severely If I were to go back again I would order the chicken lunch special - half a chicken with rice and beans for $7.50.  Also getting it to go would prevent from having to eat in an un-airconditioned room.  This place has potential unfortunately I didn't feel like it was quite met.This place was a true surprise for me to find in Philly! I am not Dominican but I travel to the Dominican Republic often for work, so I'm pretty familiar with Dominican food and restaurants. This place felt exactly like being in the DR, in all the best ways! 
I will note that if you want a fancy restaurant with fancy food, this certainly is not it. But if you want authentic Dominican food, served the way that it is at little roadside restaurants throughout the DR in generous portions with a side of great hospitality, then you should definitely check it out at your first opportunity! The prices are very reasonable, the food is delicious, and the staff are friendly.
Parada Maimon also exceeded my expectations for accommodating the big group that I reserved for when I went there. I didn't expect them to take reservations, but they did. The table was ready for us when we got there, and they were ready to serve us. They split the checks for each person at the end, and allowed us to pay with card or cash - once again, simply not expected and really felt to me that they went above and beyond to accommodate us and make sure that we enjoyed our experience. It's a great little place that I'll recommend to anyone interested in trying something new or reliving memories of the DR!omg, this place is fantastic.  I got a lunch portion of chicken with rice and beans for $6 and it fed me and both of my kids.  We try and stop in once a week and try something new each time and we haven't been disappointed yet.  And you have to love free parking, given the location it's not always easy trying to find street parking!If I could give this ZERO STARS, I would. We ordered 3 orders of French Toast, and ALL of them had MOLD on the bread. It was absolutely disgusting. Now we're all sitting here feeling like we need to vomit. Don't order breakfast from here. I personally won't be ordering anything else either.Everyone that works there is very nice and respectful.
The food is delicious and for a good price.
No complains so far.Ordered delivery and got the cubano. It was really good but didn't arrive as freshly hot as I wanted it to be. If I ever get food from here again I'll have to have it in house.I had the garlic shrimp with yellow rice and tostones. It was so delicious. Everything is fairly priced as well! I also had a chicken patty that was awesome!I posted my last review of this restaurant right after a horrible "run in" with the delivery guy.
I have since received another phone call from the owner. He apologized for the incident and seemed very sincere.
All in all, the restaurant shouldn't be held responsible for something they had no control over. It just so happens that they gave the guy an opportunity to work and had no idea he had anger issues.
I would still recommend this place to anyone looking for a good meal. They have plenty of flavorful options. My favorite is the rotisserie chicken, beef patties and smoothies.I got the roasted chicken dish.  Very tasty.  It came with rice and beans, also very good.  A huge portion as well.  Good place.This is a zero rate restaurant. I went to this place on Sunday May 29 with my family. We had a big disappointment. The food is really gross. My husband had rice and ribs wich the meat turn to be at least 2 days old. I saw a octopus salad in the display that had bacteria grow in it( I know what I saw I wok in the lab). In top of that my husband got a piece of cake and it had mold. Authority of Philadelphia please check this place for the benefits of the community.This place was fantastic! LOVE the low-fi, authentic ambiance, the terrific Dominican food, and the very friendly staff. We will return when we go back to Philly!Awesome food. Awesome service. Awesome freshly squeezed fruit juices. Just all around awesome. And it's a byob.Friendly staff and great legit Dominican food. Really reasonable prices, too. We'll definitely be back.Everyone working at this fantastic restaurant couldn't have made you feel more welcome, part of their extended family. And the food - fantastic  The tres leches cake, to kill for, seriously!!!This is the type of place I love to see doing so well. The owner truly cares for the customers and his restaurant. The food was tasty. They have an extensive menu including breakfast! It's a BYOB which is also a plus. This is a neighborhood gem and highly recommend to anyone.Yum!!! Went here last week with a few friends, 5 of us total. I wasn't really sure how we were supposed to go about ordering, since in front they have a type of cafeteria set up. We were greeted by Jose and the very pleasant woman working the counter. They were great about accommodating us as "sit down" diners even though I don't think this is the general premise of the restaurant (my friend who picked the restaurant didn't do their research as to what type of set up it was). Anyway, onto the food...
We ordered a bunch of different things to share and I can honestly say that everything was great- from the ceviche, to the plantains, to the grilled pork. The chicken and rice was my favorite- so flavorful and moist, unlike some other rice dishes I've tried. I was pretty bummed they didn't have the fried pork chunks- I haven't been able to find good ones since moving back from Miami. I was salivating at the thought of them...I guess I have to go back! Prices are super reasonable as mentioned. Oh, and the tres leches cake...nom nom nom nom! 
In the midst of all our gorging, we got to talk a little bit with Jose, who turned out to be the owner. He told us that he had had a restaurant in New York but had moved it to Philly. I'm so glad he did. I cannot say enough how gracious he and what appeared to be his only other staff member were at accommodating our awkwardness. I hope Parada Maimon has a bright and prosperous future in our city and look forward to visiting again. If you haven't yet, definitely check them out!