There is absolutely nothing wrong with this restaurant, and I quite like the decor.  But for the price, I want outstanding food and impeccable service and this has neither. The atmosphere is also a bit zoo like.  It feels to me like a place where people from NJ and out of town go to when they want to feel like they are eating in a classy joint in the city.
My Lyonnaise had delicious dressing.  But the egg was really small and the yolk not runny or big enough to saturate the tiny hidden cubes of potatoes, so it didn't really come together the way a Lyonnaise should.
The skate wing was perfectly fine.  It came with lovely bits of artichoke heart that were fresh and hearty tasting.  I wish the brown butter were more delectable and something I wanted to sop up with my pieces of skate, but not the case.
Also, our waiter was very hesitant, standing at the side of the table never asking if we want to order.  He cleared our silverware after the first course and our second course arrived presumably hot but with no silverware for us to eat it.  We had to flag him down and when he brought silverware it was only for three settings not four, so again we had to wait to all start digging in.  It really is the small things that matter and this place lacked attention to detail.
 I would be happy with this quality of food were it in a small corner restaurant that didn't charge as much.  But with all the fuss and attitude about this place, they need to step up the quality.great place for brunch!  portions on certain dishes are out of control (like the french toast and pancakes).  other dishes are more sensible (like the poached eggs and asparagus i had).  the decor is quintessential french bistro, with a little naughty twist that was fun.  other than the waiter forgot to bring us bread (which is necessary for my egg dish!)  and being little brusque with us, parc is a great place for tasty food and a leisurely brunch on a sunday morning.My fiance loves French food, so for her birthday I made a reservation here and we went after seeing how busy it gets on a daily basis and from the previous reviews.  
To start the bread was fine, nothing to write home about and not as great as the bread you get at any restaurant in France.  
We ordered the duck and lamb.  Both dishes were extremely over priced for what we received.  The portions were also very small and we both left hungry.  With small portions it should be all about the taste and meh they were okay.  Nothing special.  I've had better duck in the chinatown area of philadelphia for 1/20th the price.  Also, the lamb was not warm and we both felt that we make better lamb shank at home.  
We left disappointed and will likely not go back.Delicious food, great ambiance, excellent service. My girlfriend had never had French food before and I'm glad this was her first time, because now she'll definitely want to get French food again. 
It was a very busy time, on a Friday night, but our waiter was still very attentive. He got our drinks and brought us over a fresh variety of bread.  The entire time, the staff made sure that our water glasses were full.
We got escargot with hazelnut butter to start. I was a little on edge because I imagined a sweet taste to it and I'm not a fan savory and sweet mixes, but it was not sweet at all and absolutely delicious. 
For an entree I got the warm shrimp salad. It was delicious. The shrimp was perfectly seasoned and cooked and the avocado was perfectly ripe. My girlfriend got Steak Frites and her steak was cooked deliciously. She said it was very good and the only thing she would change was she wished the steak wasn't as seasoned, but the piece I tried was great! 
For dessert we got creme brule, which was also very delicious.  My taste buds left super happy!
Our bill was $103 before tip. I thought this was a great price considering it was more of an upscale restaurant.  For 2 alcoholic beverages, an appetizer, 2 great meals, and a dessert, I think this price was great! 
I will definitely go back when I visit philly again!I met a friend here for lunch and was disappointed for a bunch of reasons. It was crowded and noisey.  The staff was ok, but not anything special.  I really did not like the menu. It had very few items that were not full of carbs, full of cheese, and full of calories. I like a good meal, but want some healthy options. I couldn't find them at Parc.  I won't go back, and I won't recommend it to my friends.I came through late Tuesday morning on the prowl for eggs. Unfortunately I had just missed morning rush and was seated facing the park-front for an early lunch. It was the usual work crowd with the occasional Rittenhouse passerby, poodle in leash.... I had not anticipated on staying much longer than for a  quick bite, but my server, Christopher's, company was so enjoyable I was easily persuaded to stay longer and enjoy afternoon cocktails on the square. He and his his second in command convinced me to have the croque madame which was absolutely heavenly. This was followed by a series of cocktails (the French Blonde - strong but ladylike, a German white from the Columbia Valley, WA and a fairly new to the menu espresso vodka concoction. Lunch was like therapy on steroids and I look forward to another day of top-notch service at the table to the far right facing out, next Tuesday. :-)Haven't been here for dinner, but I sat at the bar and had an amazing bloody mary, nice and spicy.  Cheese plate was good, and the bar area is really cute and nice to have a drink.Always a go to spot on a beautiful weekend afternoon. Be sure to head there early to put your name in so you can grab yourself La Colombe around the corner and sit in the park until your table is ready. You can't go wrong with anything on this menu but I personally keep coming back each time mainly for the French Onion Soup. It's hand down my favorite French Onion Soup around -- you can't beat it!Parc is definitely worth every bit of 5 Stars!!!  It was date night for my wife and I.  Upon our arrival it was like you stepped into a european bistro!  You kinda forget that your in the city. The staff was very prompt and helpful. The food was absolutely amazing!!  We left happy and very full. We can not wait to bring some friends back with us so they can experience what we did on our visit!
Thanks Parc for making our first visit a memorable one!  I'll recommend you guys to everyone...This place has all the charm of a European restaurant/cafe. I've only been there for the breakfast and brunches, and they are to die for! I've tried almost everything. Even things I wouldn't necessarily like, and ended up falling in love with the food. The wait staff is gracious, never had a problem.AMAZING! This place is a treasure! I had a salmon tartine and it was AMAZING! The bread and the view are fantastic! I had a glass of Chenin blanc and it was great too! The tequila and sorbet floater was delicious! This place is a must!Have eaten breakfast here twice in my two trips to Philly and love, love, love it. The poached eggs with asparagus are amazing. Really feels like Paris. The view of Rittenhouse square is so serene; if it's a good day definitely sit outside! Service is great and efficient. If I lived here, I would eat here at least every week.Every time I go to Philadelphia, I always eat at Parc. The service is great, atmosphere nice, and the food is really good Favorites: warm shrimp salad, creme brûlée.Celebrated my birthday with dinner at Parc with my wife. Our first time there, and the entire experience was just fantastic. The food, divine. The ambience, mesmerizing with its attention to detail, and the hospitality five star without being pretentious. In fact our server, Amy was golden...incredibly knowledgeable, eager to please and warm and friendly. One of the best dining experiences we've had to date in Philly, and one we cannot wait to revisit...3.75 stars.
Because your hollandaise is truly luscious, and properly accented with cayenne pepper. And, your poached eggs are heavenly.Our meal at Parc was as close to perfect as any restaurant experience we had. After a nice day of walking around the city, we were happy to be seated at a two person table in the open air window- perfect for people watching. Our waitress was friendly and prompt and the ambience was eclectic and inviting. For dinner, we split the Macaroni au Gratin, which was superb. I ordered the Steak Frites which was tender and flavorful - a must try. My mom got the Pork Milanese special which she raved about. Overall an excellent dining experience - will be back!The food is solid. It is not an exceptional experience in any sense, but I love that you can sit outside and watch the park during the spring and summer time.Wonderful steak with frites, right cooking and perfect and buttery sauce. great drinks but very noisy during the weekend.From start to finish this place has it together. You are greeted at an amply staffed hostess station and seated promptly. Our request on arrival of a seat in the front room was received with a smile and an immediate evaluation and change up for a beautiful window seat. The wait staff worked together so that no detail was left unnoticed, service was prompt but not rushed, and the efficiency was remarkable despite a packed Friday night crowd. The food was excellent. A perfect presentation of fresh, well prepared food, as described in the menu. 
This restaurant is a perfect example of what can be accomplished when there is good management, and a smart staff that all work together.Parc is one of the best places to visit in Philadelphia, just be sure. It is in a great location and has a very wide menu and choice. I had a mushroom toast, macaroni and cheese, and both were good.Setting transported me to a cleaner version of Paris or Italy. It was nice Sunday morning that turned into afternoon. Food was good, beer was tasty, and service was perfect.My friend and I went on a Sunday afternoon around 3 and it was PACKED.  We sat ended up sitting at the bar because the wait for a table was about 40 minutes.
The French Onion Soup was AMAZING.  I love cheese so it was heaven.  My friend got the yogurt and while it was good, it was a little hard to eat.  All the fruit on top made it hard to eat the fruit with some of the yogurt.  And there was some preserves or jelly like substance in the bottom of the bowl that my friend didn't even realize was there until she was about done.  The salad we got was good to (see photo).  It was just a bit bitter.  We also got the macarons.  Not the best I've had unfortunately.  It was disappointing considering it was a "French" themed place.  I was SURE their macarons were going to be stellar.  Nope, just ok.  
Overall, great place even with a couple of hiccups.  Lovely decor.OK, I'm totally eating my words. I'm going to be honest and say I didn't have high hopes for Parc. Sorry, I know! I'm not a huge fan of the Rittenhouse area seeing as  there are sooo many more beautiful areas of Philly and everything around that way seems to be very overpriced. And so I was expecting to eat at Parc and then have to head to a local pizzeria for an after dinner snack. 
Man was I wrong!
We started with the Charcuterie which was soooo delicious.(Well, we started with wine of course, which was also great!)  And such a large serving, easily shareable for 3-4 people. There was a sort of liver spread that seemed to be mixed with cheese possibly to make a spread. Delicious, My date had the lamb shank and I had the salmon for our mains. Uggg so good. The salmon was cooked so well and was on top of quinoa in some sort of what tasted to just be a pure butter and wine sauce. Amazing. We were so full we couldn't even handle a dessert. (They have beer floats. Interesting!)
They were REALLY great about reseating us after we requested a different table(we were right next to the kitchen at first). I would definitely reccomend Parc. For me it's a bit pricey for just a normal night out but is such a great little date spot. Well done guys!
P.S. We made reservations for dinner the NIGHT OF. There are not many places in the city where that's possible anymore!Stephen Starr does it again. I'm slowly eating my way through Philadelphia, one Starr restaurant at a time.  The interior of this restaurant has a total French bistro vibe (as it was intended obviously). It completely reminds me of this restaurant in Paris I went to. Anyway - bravo on the atmosphere. 
I ordered a Kir Royale, because you drink champagne in a French restaurant. The drinks were priced fairly, comparable to any other trendy restaurant in the city. They bring you a bread basket with soft whipped butter. Too bad I was starving when the brought it. I had to force myself to not eat all the bread. We ordered the escargot as an appetizer because it said "with hazelnut butter" hazelnut butter? YES. I almost drank this. And I dipped the remaining bread from basket in it and it was heaven.  For dinner I opted for the Steak Frites. The butter on top gave it great flavor. The steak itself was cooked properly (medium rare for me) but the outside was tough and made it kind of chewy. Overall, not a tender as I would have hoped but the flavor was great. The French fries could have fed a table of 10. They were hot and crispy shoe string fries - way better than the best McDonalds order you've ever had while hungover. 
There was no room for dessert because of all the bread. But I'll be back because I want to try the duck. And dessert next time.Always a good stop. The wine is rich. The bread is fresh. The dishes are always flavorful. They can afford more vegetarian dishes. However, the staff is accommodating. I love the mushroom tart. Definitely an indulgence, but definitely worth every bite. Perfect spot for birthdays, business meetings, or a casual brunch. I love the ambiance. I love the views. Easily one of my favorite Rittenhouse restaurants.PARC is always my go to place in the neighborhood. Food and service are always outstanding and the view of Rittenhouse Square is delightful.The food is great. I came around 3pm which is in between lunch and dinner so the menu is a little smaller. We ordered the escargot which was extremely rich and buttery. It was probably too rich for me so I am not sure I would get that again any time soon. We also order the French onion soup which my boyfriend really enjoyed. Next we had the mac and cheese which was so cheesy and had a nice crust on top. I think the mac and cheese is a must have. I ordered the roast chicken which had nice crispy skin and came with delicious sauce. It was truly amazing and I usually never order chicken. My boyfriend had the steak frites (but subbed the fries for mashed potatoes). I had a bite and I truthfully didn't love his steak. The mashed potatoes are amazing, definitely a must order. To finish it off we had the chocolate lava cake. We will be back!Just had the BEST shrimp salad I've ever had, anywhere! And the bread and cheeses? Outstanding!Service is amazing.  Live out of state, but will return annually.  Excellent food and ambiance.  If you can sit outside with a view of the park, you really can't beat it.Parc is a staple of Philadephia. It's prime location on Rittenhouse and nice French ambiance inside and out make it worth visiting again and again.  I usually get the warm shrimp salad, which i believe was awarded several michelin stars alone, and good deals include the carafe of house red and the baguettes to go (3 dollars).
Viva la Parc!Parc has one of the most aesthetically pleasing interiors of just about any restaurant in Philadelphia.  The tile, fixtures, lighting - it all works together, making dining here a wonderful experience.  I visited Parc today with a group of girls for brunch.  The service was prompt, courteous, and unobtrusive.  The eggs benedict was outstanding - finally, a restaurant that knows how to properly poach an egg! 
I'd be willing to bet their dinner service/food is just a promising!Came to Philly for a weekend, asked for suggestions and all my in-town friends raved about this gem- they were not lying. While we sat at the bar so we could get a quick in and out, we were still able to have a top notch experience. Our bartender knew how to make a Bloody Mary and made sure to clear the area when something was no longer in use. From the bread basket to the Madam Croquet and roast beef sandwich, everything was delicious. Be sure to grab a cup of coffee before you head out from your boozy brunch.made reservations for dinner here tonight and we were seated at a nice little table next to a window right as we arrived! the service was great and our food came out very promptly. we started with the shrimp cocktail-it was delicious! I had the salmon and ate every bite of it--SO good! my mom had the bolognese and it was great as well!!! we will most definitely be back!!Parc is a superb place to have lunch in the city.  The bread served is spectacular!  I love the cranberry bread.  The butter is excellent!  
Overall, I have never had less than a grade A lunch there.  Everything is great from the quiche to the burgers.
It is a jewel.Food is always good, not excellent. Service is always solid. For some reason, our tables are always AWFUL. It may just be luck of the draw.
Seems to be most popular for breakfast/lunch/brunch. All the egg dishes are of quality. Sides (like sausages) leave much to be desired.
Having lived in France, I view the ambiance and decor as an homage to Paris more than an emulation. In that regard, it's charming. I do wish they would put a bit more effort into making the food truly standout - Parc has the potential to be the Balthazar (in soho, NYC, go there!) of Philly - similar size, theme - but needs to put more emphasis on the quality and preparation of the food to make it exceptional. This is simply a matter of effort, not of creativity, as the dishes they serve are classics.
Out-of-town guests who are not familiar with Paris or NY generally love Parc. Take them for brunch if they are staying the area.I live right across the Square and have been meaning to try Parc for awhile, but every time I pass by it has been so crowded it put me off. I finally found an afternoon and around 2pm the crowd was significantly less. Had a great seat by the window. The service was impeccable and my water/ wine glass was never empty. I had the french onion soup to start. Bread inside lightly crispy still and the onions cooked perfectly, the broth was very flavorful and the cheese was crisp and melted. Dare I say though, that there was too much cheese? Nah never mind there can never be enough cheese. The wine carafe 12 oz was an adequate red blend. The mussels were really out of this world. First of all the portion size was huge! Probably around 24+ mussels, I was very surprised. And super flavorful with herbs, onion and garlic. Certainly some of the best mussels I've had in awhile. I was full to bursting after but had to order the creme brûlée and I'm so happy I did. I am a creme brûlée snob after visiting Paris 10+ times, and can say it is superb and made me feel as if I was back in the City of Love. Above and beyond in every way, Parc, I will definitely be back!The food here is fabulous. That being said, it is an absolute zoo on the weekends. The entire restaurant is filled with pretentious yuppy parents and their children who quite often are too tired to be out so late in a nice restaurant - thus causing quite a commotion much to the chagrin of the other diners. The staff seems overwhelmed on weekends as well - so much so that they are typically found standing around looking lost in all of the confusion. 
I highly recommend checking out Parc, but do so during the week when it's not so crazy. I've been there on midweek evenings and it's been quite lovely, but the weekends are a completely different story.Terrific Eggs Benedict Saturday morning bruch with a view of Rittenhouse Square. The food was so perfect that after our coffee we walked all the way to the waterfront to burn it off. You will not be disappointed at Parc, and the food prices are excellent. I really wanted to try some speciality cocktails - even ordered one, but it never arrived! So sad, but fortunately the bill was correct and I'll be back to give it another chance.Parc is amazing. I have been a fan ever since my first visit a couple of years ago, and I've loved every experience I've had at Parc. The service is great, atmosphere is unbeatable, and the food is impeccable. I have been there for breakfast/brunch, lunch, and dinner, but I would recommend going for brunch if it's your first time going. The eggs Norwegian is my personal favorite, but honestly, you can't go wrong with anything on the menu.Great to eat for breakfast, lunch, and dinner! Lots of outdoor seating with beautiful views of Rittenhouse Square Park!Perfection.  Everything is right about this place from the fresh baked breads to the WCs.  It's a mini-vacation.  We keep comparing every french dining experience to this one.  It's still unbeaten.We came for a late brunch today and, although this is still one of the best brunch venues in Philadelphia, it does somewhat pale in comparison to Balthazar.  My egg white with ratatouille omelet was very good, with a savory filling and fluffy, buttery egg.  I asked for mixed greens instead of the roasted potatoes, and they came dressed in nice, light lemon and oil vinaigrette.  The steak and eggs plates looked good, but I did notice that they had a tendency to overcook the steak.  Two of my friends asked for medium rare and their steaks looked like they were cooked to a medium well.  Service was solid, although our waitress looked somewhat frantic throughout the meal.  The bread basket is still a tried and true staple, and I would definitely recommend the cranberry walnut bread.  Try it with butter and a smear of the jam!Great food and service!!!! Loved everything. Wait is long but if you're staying in the area just put your name down and walk around for a while!An absolute fan of Parc for its food, atmosphere whether indoor or out, with friends or a date - anytime of year. Love!I enjoy this place even if it's not the best french food around. The atmosphere is great and the food is of good quality.As close to a Paris Bistro as we are going to get in the states.  I'm going to be dreaming about coming back for a while.  Really really good.
In what ways? Service is outstanding.  Not only the waiter but floor manager who topped off water and even got us a bowl of milk (unprompted!) for our picky son who was eating cereal.
As for the rest of us, the French onion soup, Mac n cheese and lamb loin were big big hits.  So were the bread pudding and chocolate torte desserts.  
Great atmosphere too.  And you can sit on the park too.  
Will definitely come back on my next visit.Avocado/Crab appetizer was really good and actually had a decent amount of crab. The coffee drinks are also tasty here. Good view of the park from outside seating.Excellent food, service and ambience. Felt like being in Europe but with more space. And the bread is to die for. Will stop and get a few loaves before heading home.I've been to parc before multiple times but this time it was after a couple years and to my surprise the menu was pretty much the same! Not a bad thing if you do really good food! The lunch was good, started with French onion soup and charcuterie plate and cocktails! Drinks were a little watered down but still tasted great! We got chicken club, pasta Bolognese and chicken pillard salad. Sandwich was good, pasta was amazing ( really well cooked and the sauce was very well seasoned) and the chicken was under seasoned ( like no salt on it) and salad and butter sauce made the plate greasy to eat ( prob skip the chicken next time) Over all sitting out looking at rittenhouse square park on a nice day is a great plus with this place!So worth the price and wait! The bread they give you is amazingggg! I've been there for brunch on several occasions and always great. The service is awesome as well. I've never been there for dinner, but would like to try it because their brunch is great! Check it out!Wow, what a disappointment.  I went to Parc for the first time to celebrate my wedding anniversary, thinking it would be a very special place.
The location was great, the atmosphere was OK - really loud inside - but OK, no problem.  Our starters were excellent - the salade verte had some of the freshest greens I've ever eaten, and my husband's crab cake with aioli was delicious.  The first tap beer I tested was warm, but I got a different one, and that was fine.
But then came the main course - bouillabaisse for both of us. Having just had an absolutely exquisite bouillabaisse at a restaurant called Montarra outside Chicago last month - my mouth was watering at the thought of another fabulous seafood stew.
I was so sad at the first bite of Parc's version of a bouillabaisse - it was terrible.  It was the saltiest meal I've ever had, bar none.  And the shrimp were overcooked. Even if it were not too salty, there was nothing delicate or interesting about the flavor - it tasted like it came from a can.  I can't image what chef could taste that seafood stew and say "that's edible, let's serve it"  
I told the staff and would have thought at the least they would have offered both me and my husband a free dessert or after-dinner drink, but nothing.  $140 for disappointment on my anniversary.  I will never go back and I will never recommend this place.We went for brunch on a sunny day. The food was amazing. Their bread basket was incredible! We sat outside, and they've got heaters, which I love! The service was fantastic. There's a bit of a push to Up Sell, as in 'buy a Bottle' if you order a glass of ANYTHING that can be sold by the bottle, which I'm not to keen on, but I guess if you're a drinker it makes sense... anyway, regardless of that, it's an amazing place with a lovely atmosphere and good service, and their food is absolutely awesome!My husband and I had a date night here last week. We loved the atmosphere and the experience. 
Appetizers:
We decided to order an order of escargot (my first time trying it) and the mushroom tart. The escargot reminded me of chewing into a mushroom soaked in garlic and butter. It was hard not to like, although it was too rich for me to eat more than two. The escargot came with some crostini as well. The mushroom tart was so flaky and delicious. I would order it again if I returned for another dinner. 
Entree:
I ordered the salmon Provençal which was a lovely piece of fish with a caramelized crust, lentils, and veggies. The flavors were well-balanced and I ate the whole dish happily. The portion was enough for one person to be full and satisfied.
My husband ordered the prime rib special. It came with horseradish and mashed potatoes. The prime rib was juicy, but we both liked the salmon better.I just absolutely love brunches at Parc. I personally like sitting inside because I think the interior design is fairly interesting. I had Nicoise salad again and my friend had the Tuna tataki. First, I can never go wrong with the Nicoise salad. However, the Tuna tataki was a miss because it was too salty and we just have had it better elsewhere.
However, I got a bottle of champagne to celebrate my bday and the handsome waiter totally gave us the perfect recommendation and everything was so wonderful as usual. I tried their creme brulee this time and it was also very good... Can't wait to return soon!My favorite spot for French food. Great atmosphere although it can be noisy at times. Food is always excellent -- be sure to try the mussels.We had our Wedding Rehearsal Dinner here on Friday 6/17/16. It was amazing! I think their prefixed menu was one of the best values in all of our wedding planning. They accommodated our large group (30 people) over several tables that were ready right on time for the reservation. The manager introduced himself and made sure we had everything we needed. The waitstaff was super helpful and friendly, and we didn't feel rushed at all. Our guests raved about the food and the intimate, romantic atmosphere. It's not a private room so I had been worried about it being loud, but noise level wasn't a problem. It was a nice night and the doors on Locust Street were open. 
We are so happy that we chose Parc, and are very grateful for all of the accommodations they gave us. We'd recommend to anyone!Went here with my gf and another couple for NYE and had a good time. The atmosphere was outstanding. It was crowded but not so crowded that you felt it. We had were seated at 8:45 with 9:15 reservations which was a little disappointing because I wanted to have a pre-dinner drink at the bar, but I can't really complain about being seated early.
The service was great. Never had to wait for refills or clearing. I started with the Onion Soup which was good but nothing special. My gf had 1/2 dozen oysters on the half shell, which I helped her with. The oysters were good, but a little cloudy.
For the entree I had the Steak au Poivre and it was excellent. Well-peppered and really tender. My gf had the beef stroganoff, which is her favorite and you don't see on too many menus. I had a taste and it was nothing like the stroganoff my mom made growing up...it was so much better.
Desert was bread pudding which was outstanding. The other couple seemed to really enjoy their food as well.
I would recommend a visit to Parc.Parc restaurant has a lot of very high and flattering reviews, which is why I chose to dine there. I'm not a Philly local, and was in town for business, so I highly depend on Yelp reviews in making my dinner decisions. I ordered the Lamb, which ran about $30 dollars. To me, the lamb was very "gamey" and something was just off about it. My coworker ordered the chicken and absolutely loved it. I tried sample of his and I completely agree - looks like I just made a bad decision. The staff were very friendly and its a beautiful location. I the three stars indicate a "meh" status for me, based on the bad taste (literally) that was left in my mouth from the lamb.Great spot for Sunday brunch! Started with a delicious Bloody Mary while enjoying their awesome bread basket. Chicken Club was good and the shoestring fries steal the show! Omelettes are huge so be prepared. Bartender Jeff kept us entertained the whole meal.Delicious and consistent French bistro. Starr has hit a home run with this Rittenhouse Square hot spot. Their Salade Lyonnaise and French Onion Soup are the two items not to be missed. The Tuna Carpaccio and Steak Frites are also stand outs. The enormous space is meticulously decorated giving you the full Parisian bistro dining experience, though it can get loud when busy and starts to feel like you're on a Disney movie set if you stay too long. The attentive wait staff are equally detail oriented and pleased to serve their delicious selection of breads at the beginning of each meal. Brunch is quite the scene and for good reason; be sure to enjoy the outdoor tables facing the square when the weather gets nice, but be ready for a wait -- good news is they'll text you when your table is ready. Waiting is a perfect excuse to enjoy one of the best Bloody Marys you'll ever have at their giant wrap around bar.A delicious and delightful bit of France right of of Rittenhouse Square in the heart of Philadelphia. The atmosphere is awesome and worth the trek to this huge bistro offering a wonderful selection of food and drink with a Parisian flare. And don't miss the bathrooms which are fabulous too! The entrees were great but I think the bread was the biggest hit. Topped off with great desserts and service. Voilà.Popular, but busy and noisy with merely okay food. The sevice was the most irritating. We reserved weeks ahead of time, and when we arrived early, we were asked to wait so we could get a good seat. Our reservation arrived and we got seated next to a service area. We asked for something else, but the only other seats we equally mediocre. The severs themselves were helpful, and the food - I had the mushroom tart and the scallops - was good to okay, respectively.It was a gently warm lunchtime, we had a pavement table and the company was one of my favorite people. All I needed was a really good meal to finish this picture of contentment and Parc delivered it.
The server was friendly, funny, attentive and knowledgeable, the food arrived in good time and it was delicious. The onion soup was as good as I ever had in my 10 years living in France and the spinach raviolis were delicate yet tasty. I regretted not ordering dessert as my friend tucked into his, it made me homesick. Still, I'll be back in France tomorrow and Parc is definitely on my lunchtime list for my next visit to Philly.This is about the only Starr restaurant I can get myself going to.  I have come for lunch and dinner and return to it.  I just can't get into the other Starr restaurants.  I am close to Pod, but I feel like I'm no the set of Mork and Mindy and hanging out with guys from the AV club in high school when I go to Pod.  Buddhakhan is OK, but when it comes to Asian food, I prefer authentic greasy spoon places.  Parc is different.  It might be a bit noisy, but there is a back section that is quieter.  The food is OK.  It's not great and there are other places that does each individual thing on Parc's menu better.  There is a better place to get a cheese plate.  There is a better place to get a Charcuterie plate, thye just might call it something else, like from the Salumeria.  There is a better place to get a big Fruit de Mer Crustacean plate (although I don't know since Oceannaire closed).  MeMe does Pate better.  Tria and Rouge do wine better.  There are one or two places that do the food a little (or some cases a lot better).  I have had various things for lunch and recently had the Bronzino for dinner.  It was Salty and really took away from the mild flavor of the fish.  My wife had the Steak Frites and I think they took the toughest part of the cow.    Service is usually good, I can't complain.  I don't like servers though, who try to push a certain wine when I order a specific kind.  I am not a wine snob, but I know what I like, and if you can't pronounce the region or the chateau the wine is from, I have second thoughts on taking a wine recommendation from you.  So anyway, in typical form,  everybody does it better than Parc.  BUT, what they do not do, is marry it together as well as Starr has at Parc.  The food, the wine, and first courses of cheese and preserved meats are put together in an atmosphere right in from the Rittenhouse Park, and makes it worth going to.  It's an experience and it's OK.  Not great, and if all it is that you are looking for is great food, there are so many better places.  but if you are looking for OK food but a better time out, then Parc works.  Try starting out with drinks (they have a mean Martini) getting some starters and a good bottle of wine, then turn the corner and go to Prime Rib or across the street to Smith and Wollensky for a great dinner, and then go anywhere you want for dessert.  Naked Chocolate, Max Brenner, or Capo Giro come to mind.  after you are done, I remember Tria having a pretty good Port to finish of the night.   This is a great place to start the night with good drinks and starters.  PS, make reservations on open table before you go and make comments to the Maitre D' about where you would like to sitLet me preface this review by saying that if Parc was about 20% cheaper, I would have rated it 5 stars.  But, when menu prices increase, you expect more out of a restaurant.  
I went to Parc with my girlfriend and we started off with the Onion soup.  I loved it, my girlfriend thought it was a little too salty.  
For our Entrees, she had the Beef Bourgenion (sp?) and I had the Pasta Bolognese.  The pasta was ok (it's really my fault for expecting a good pasta dish from a 'french' restaurant) and my girlfried was happy with her entree.  For dessert, we had the bread pudding, which was, to be honest, kind of awful.  
Service was average, which is perfectly adequate, especially for a busy restaurant.  The ambiance was also nice, albeit a bit loud.  the views of rittenhouse are really nice.   
I would recommend going once, especially during the daytime, but I don't think this is a place you'll come back to.It's got everything.  Great service, ambiance, and food.  It's a beautiful restaurant on Rittenhouse Square.  It's a must stop for visitors like me.Bread basket was delicious.
The Warm Shrimp Salad was great, although I wish the avocado was pre-cut into small pieces rather than being one giant slice.
I ordered the entree of the day, the bouillabaisse. The seafood was fresh and well-prepared, not overcooked, and tasted good (which is essential given that most bouillabaisses are overcooked). The stew was a bit too heart/salty for my liking... I think due to too much tomato in the stock or something along those lines.Marcel Proust, in 'A La Recherche du Temps Perdu' once suggested that it is a mistake to visit [and recreate the past]. This feeling was a backdrop for our most recent visit [May 12th] on the occasion of our son's graduation from Temple University. It didn't start out well. We had changed our original reservation from 7pm to 6:30pm, but, helas, it got lost in cyber ether.
However, once we were seated, and in the most capable hands of Lawrie [our waitress, wine & food consultant, humorist, humanist] the evening was exquisitely redeemed. Thanks to Lawrie and the Parc for yer another memorable dining experience...had Proust known about the restaurant he might have written a very different novel..Came here because a few friends were raving about how great the place was. The ambiance was great but when it came to the food, i would say my fave would be the meat platter. But i ordered the duck confit and trout amandine. the trout had tooo much of a lemon flavor and was a bit much for me and the duck was great if it the meat was more tender and not as salty. all in all great service, but most likely will not be my first pick to come back.My wife and I have been here twice for dinner.  This time we had the Macaroni au Gratin for appetizer, which was supplemented by their delicious bread.  For our entrees we had the Rabbit Papardelle and the 1/2 Roast Chicken.  The papardelle was made perfectly, and my only complaint was that there was not enough rabbit.  Dinner with drinks and a cappuccino was very reasonably priced.  The location (Rittenhouse Square) was great for walking off our dinner afterwards.  We will certainly be back for a third time.Expensive but the food is good.  The atmosphere is different from most other places in Philly.  A bit pretentious and a copy to Balthazar in NYC but I guess whatever brings in the people and dough.I love this place! Went for brunch with my friend its got a great view and the food was absolutely delicious. Servers were also very gracious and accommodating. Would definitely recommend coming here, its such a classy place!Ate here Wed 18 Mar 2015
We both ordered Lobster Risotto, the plat du jour at $34 each. 
Risotto was not done well: rice was hard and gritty--not smooth and unctuous like it is supposed to be. Portion was scant. 
Perhaps it was a bad night. Will try again. 
First time here in about a year....was it just me or have the prices absolutely skyrocketed? The two risottos, a side of pommes frites, a split appetizer and no wine came to $96!I was so excited to walk up to Parc, have a seat outside - a meal and a nice drink.  However - when they brought my water (no ice?)  It's warm out, who wants water with (no ice?).  
My iced tea had 2 cubes (2 more than the water).  I had the omlette - it was fair, a bit too much cheese for me, but overall good.  My husband had the shrimp and pasta and said it was good.  We sat on the Locust Street side which was not as nice as the 18th Street side.
Overall I would go back, but probably just for drinks (and I would ask for ice this time).So many amazing things to say about this restaurant. I've been here a handful of times and was never disappointed. I salivate over the trout amandine entree. First bite and you involuntarily close your eyes and savor it. Ugh. :)
Most recently, my boyfriend took me here for my birthday dinner. He had never been, but had left impressed by their smooth Pernod absinthe and steak tartare he ordered. 
Servers are very attentive and knowledgeable of the menu. Don't be afraid to ask questions as they are helpful in providing all the details you need.Really great service food and wine. Try the warm shrimp salad. mushroom tort ap is awsomeCame here for a Valentines Day (after) date and was happily impressed. Being obsessed with all things Parisien and French, I was gladly taken to a typical Paris cafe through the design of Parc. 
Started off with a hot cider and brandy before dinner. Warm and fuzzy inside. 
Escargot and warm shrimp salad to start. Escargot was so buttery and salty, it just had to be good. Dipped my baguette in that sauce a few times. The warm shrimp salad had a nice dressing, some twist on thousand island and the shrimp was cooked perfectly. 
For entrees, I went with the Salmon en croute, while the date chose the duck. Both were mouth-watering. 
For a "Midnight in Paris" type of night when you can't leave Philly, this is the perfect spot to try.This was our second visit to Parc (2/21/14), and I have to say it was even better than our first! Amazing food, great ambiance, and awesome service. Their menu includes a large assortment of French classics, and being one of Stephen Starr's many restaurants; they really know how to make it feel individualized, almost as if it was a privately owned bistro in France. Can't wait to go back!Parc is my go-to restaurant when I want solid Parisian food. The menu is somewhat limited and the food is executed very well, but I wish there were a few more rotating options (After 5+ visits, I became a bit bored). Still, I love the steak frites for an entire and pot de creme for dessert. The complementary assortment of bread served is phenomenal. 
I love dining outdoors when the weather permits, and the indoor seating isn't too bad, as long as you're not stuck by the bathroom (which happens a lot if you're a party of two).I've eaten here twice and both times, the service was excellent. The servers were attentive and friendly. It may have been due to the odd circumstances of a young 20-something eating alone on a Monday night and Sunday afternoon...but regardless, they were very helpful and did not give me the judgmental looks I was sure to have warranted.
The steak tartare was great. I'd been dying to find some duck confit in Philly (with friends in SF who are serious Francophiles), and having had decent experiences with Starr restaurants in the past, I was happy to learn that it was on Parc's menu. The skin was amazingly crisp and the meat was so tender - texture-wise, a total hit. However, I felt that it was a little over-salted and wasn't really understanding the "winter spice" as it was described on the menu. The chanterelles on the side were okay, provided a good amount of acidity to cut through the richness of the duck. I'm not a fan of lentils so I can't really say anything on that end. The pot de creme was delicious, rich and creamy.
The second time I was there was post-dance class, and my server was very helpful when I asked him for something light, but high in protein, and NOT a salad. The lamb sandwich was decent, loved the aioli. However, the crust on the bread was a little tough, but that's easy enough to overlook.
And I must say that the cranberry-walnut bread that comes in the bread basket is divine.
Next time I go, I'm going for either the beef bourguignon or the spaghetti bolognese. Mmmm!
I had also skimmed over some other reviewers drawing comparisons to Balthazar's in NY, but Parc definitely wins in terms of atmosphere - much less frenzied and with decent space between the tables.