I love a nice, chewy bagel (well any kind of chewy carb LOL), but this place is fantastic! 
They have every kind of bagel and cream cheese option under the sun. You can make your own or choose from their wide selection of specialties and recommendations. We ordered their Joaquin (bagel of your choice with bacon, jalapeño cream cheese, tomato, smoked salmon, bacon, and lettuce) and a jalapeño-cheddar bagel with veggie cream cheese. Both were great, but I enjoyed the texture and simplicity of the Jalapeño-cheddar bagel more. 
We also ordered a nitro coffee and their David Rio Chai, dirty style (chai with a shot of espresso). While the nitro was just okay (we've had better), the dirty chai was SO AMAZING! I could not stop drinking it. It had a perfect balance of spices, milk, and coffee taste without any one being overpowering. A must-try! 
They have an amazing and knowledgeable staff! Super friendly and upbeat. Made my morning.Love this place. The staff is wonderful and a delight to deal with! They have great bagels and a nice a warm atmosphere. I bet my boyfriend to take me here all the time because I love them. I get the same thing every time and never have a problem at all and That dirty David rio . (Chai tea with espresso)They have tie dye bagels. Workers were friendly. They also had some baked goods- but not many, which I thought was a bit odd.Service was a joke! First and last time we will go here.  Most of the bagles we took home to company were far from fresh. They forgot my spreads and were very rude! The person behind the counter answered me by nodding his head up and down like a bobblehead. No hello no thank you and not even an acknowledgment for a tip! Nothing! NEVER going back!Surprised this place isn't reviewed more. 
Anyway, they have a sausage egg and cheese called the "philly special" and they have a French toast bagel. Hot, Cold brew, and nitro coffee options. Everything I've gotten has been top notch, thus far.My husband and I were both really excited to try this place. Meh. We both ordered an everything bagel and both of our bagels were just really dry. Maybe its because having a proper NY/NJ has ruined us but this is just not it. $3 a bagel for such mediocrity is not great either. Such a disappointment. Maybe it was an off day?Because the chewiness and deliciousness others on here have described is not what we got. Oh well, Ill still keep hope that one day Philly can make a bagel that rivals NY or even NJ.It's great to finally have a decent bagel shop in the neighborhood. They're open super early and close after lunch. They offer a variety of bagels, sandwiches, spreads, and coffee. It's reasonably priced too. My two criticisms are about the lack of seating and the slowish service. Don't go expecting to eat there. Not gonna happen. There's literally zero seats, but you can stand at the counter and eat while facing out the window. They take orders quickly but food comes out slowly. It's worth the wait but can be annoying if you're rushing to work or have your impatient kid with you.Their specialty is the French toast bagel. It has powdered sugar and cinnamon on top. Get here early otherwise you won't get any. I got there before 10 and only six left, 
They have tie-dye bagels and lots of other flavors and lots of cream cheese options according to the menu. You can order sandwich too.
I paid $15 for 13 bagels.I moved from NYC a few months ago and was craving a REAL New York style bagel-this place really hit the spot! They have a ton of different choices and the ingredients are super fresh. Delish!The bagels are awesome but what's up with the hours?  I showed up at 6:55 this morning (Friday) and it was all closed up.  I thought they opened at 6:30.  Oh well, I'll go somewhere elseThese bagels are so delicious! They have the best breakfast sandwiches! I always get a bacon egg and cheese on an everything bagel. The sandwiches are so big I can never eat the whole thing. They also have delicious coffee here. It's a great little spot!Entirely possible that I am just not a fan of philly style bagels.
It's a cute small bagel shop with a large variety of bagel offerings and some unique coffee options.  I ordered the jalapeno cheese bagel toasted with veggie cream cheese and a nitro coffee.
The bagel had the consistency of dense bread rather than a bagel. More like corn bread? None of the crisp exterior chewy interior that makes bagels great, IMO.  
The coffee was good - I probably should have added more sweetener as it was very bitter, but that's on me.Hands down best bagels in philly!  Not even a close second.  Large variety of bagels and the spreads are all great.  I'm a lox and bagel guy and the lox is always fresh and delicious.  Can't go wrong at any of the locationsPassyunk Philly Bagels is my go-to bagel shop!  I stop in once or twice a week for a bagel sandwich (my favorite is bacon, egg and cheese on an everything!) and coffee.  The staff is friendly and the service is great!  The bagels are delicious and they have a lot of great flavored cream cheeses you won't find anywhere else.  Love it here!Really mediocre quality bagels and poor service; no other good bagel shops in there area though, so has a bit of a monopoly on Passyunk. Bagels lack flavor and good texture, and the folks behind the counter seem impatient with customers generally.This place has your standard bagels.  We ordered an everything bagel with chive cream cheese.  The bagel was crispy on the outside and chewy on the inside.  The taste of the everything bagel was a bit mild.  Chive cream cheese was a good complement.We were in the area and decided to stop by for some bagels.  A lot of selections, but their cream cheese samples are where it's at.  They were very patient with us as my wife studied every possible combination we could have.  When my wife requested a tie dye one, they picked out the one with the most purple for her.  Excellent job.  You kept her happy for an additional twenty-three seconds of my day.  Much Appreciated!  
The bagels were good, but like I said, it's those crazy cream cheeses that really differentiate this place.  I tried all of the ones we got and liked the creations.  It's not too close to us, but I'd be willing to go backDesperately want to love this place, as it's nearby and I love bagels, but the last few times I've gone here the everything bagels have been stale, to the point that I had to toast them to make them edible. (And these were all bagels I bought at around 8AM, not some end-of-day situation.) Also, there seems to be a lot more people working there than people actually doing work, if you know what I mean. Hope they get back on track, 'cause when they were good, they were good.I ordered a $10 lox special (lox, cream cheese, tomatoes, onions, capers) today and received a bagel with one piece of lox on it. ONE piece. I want to really like this place as I am a neighbor, but after multiple occasions of slow/poor service, this was the final straw. I will never go back.For the past few months I've been telling everyone who asks (because I'm an ex-New Yorker) that Passyunk Bagels had the most authentic old-style NY bagels: good shiny crust; chewy inside; and smallish, with a hole in the center.
I won't be going there again.  I walked over around 9:30 on a Sunday morning and the place is practically empty - no one on line behind me and two or three people waiting for their orders.  Given the lack of customers and my weariness with having to scoop out the insides of oversized bagels to keep them to a reasonable weight, I asked for the smallest ones.  The worker reached in and pulled out the first bagels he touched and from my perspective some of the biggest in the bin. I reminded him that I wanted the smallest and he responded by saying that they were all pretty much the same size.  When I got to the cashier, I told him that I didn't appreciate the attitude of the guy in back and he didn't even acknowledge my comment.  Seeing that, I said that I wanted to let the owners know about the staff's response to customer complaints. His response was: "I'll tell them." I'm telling them now.Yeah booooooy!! The bakers of my favorite toasted everything bagel in the entire city JUST opened up a new joint in the rapidly and steadily growing East Passyunk district, and we couldn't be happier about it! This is exactly what the area needed
Located just left of Marra's ON Passyunk is a tiny, welcoming grab and go shop serving my favorite plant based breakfast sammy in the city. It's filled with delicious creamy hummus, generous amounts of avocado, cucumbers, fresh tomato, sprouts and the best, most unique part of the big, messy sammy in my opinion, the capers and pickles! It's adds that perfect tangy punch! Delish!! Pair that with the nitro cold brew they have on tap or their awesome dirty chai (with almond milk) and I'm one happy camper! 
Their bagels are fantastic and fresh! Perfectly crisp on the outside a tad chewy on the inside with the right amount of toppings and mix ins. I always get mine toasted for that extra crunch, personal preference. They have all the varieties you love and even some unique flavors such as French toast, pizza, and even tie dye! How groovy?! Kids love 'em! 
You can order from their list of classic sammies such as simple peppered egg and breakfast meat which is hubs favorite (he says that egg is to die for!), whitefish, chicken or tuna salad, lox, or go for a specialty such as Nutella & banana, "Rainbow Brite" which is their tie dye with birthday cake cream cheese, caprese, BBQ baked salmon club, even a pastrami lox Reuben. Say what?! 
Grab a dozen or half to go and pair it with their schmears and smoked salmon they have already packaged for brunch at home or to each during the week. Simple. 
Super friendly service and I love supporting small businesses, especially ones that have been passed down and kept in the family. They're on their 5th generation now! Awesome! 
Bring quarters for the old school meters!I've tried to give Passyunk Bagels (and their counterparts Fitzwater Street/ South Philly Bagels) multiple chances. They don't fresh cook their eggs (even Manhattan Bagel does this) which I really don't understand. They are a bagel sandwich shop...how hard could it be to add a small griddle and fresh cook eggs for each breakfast sandwich. The re-heated eggs should be saved for Dunkin Donuts and Starbucks. Since I've given up on the hot breakfast sandwiches.. today (a Sunday morning) I tried a toasted bagel with cream cheese. I ate it on the sidewalk right in front of the store (within 1 minute of being handed the bagel at the counter). It wasn't hot ...or even warm, and the bagel was stale. It felt like I had been given a day old ACME bagel, toasted yesterday. The only thing this place serves is bagels and I am just soooo confused about how they fail to make a hot bagel *sigh*.A bit of a let down: they toasted a bagel when I ordered it not-toasted but didn't realize until I got home. A fresh bagel shouldn't need to be toasted anyway, so it's a bummer that toasting is their default.  Their bagels are pretty good but are small sometimes--same  for their Fitzwater and Chestnut locations.I only had a few minutes before work to stop for coffee and this was the closest place. I was expecting a typical city coffee shop: nothing but burnt black coffee, a barista with an attitude, and stale pastries as the only food option. My expectations were pleasantly surpassed. First of all, they have a wide selection of bagels, cream cheese and sandwiches. I had an everything bagel with garlic herb cream cheese and it was so good. Plus, they have a ton of different coffee options, including nitro cold brew, which I'll have to go back and try. The workers were all extremely pleasant and my bagel came out super fast. I think I found my new morning spot!I've ordered from here three separate times and every single time the order was wrong. I also normally ask for the bagel to be extra toasted as I like it more crispy, but it seems that the bagels are only toasted for a few seconds. The bagels are good, but could definitely improve ‍This place is the best.  They don't have an oven on site, but bagels are made fresh every morning.  They deliver to all the cafes on the avenue, so if you're eating bagels on the avenue they come from their flagship location on south.  BAGELS are always fresh! So happy that this hidden gem is here.  Much needed quick grab and go.  For all the reviewers that say bagels are stale, really have no clue what they're talking about.The nicest staff you could imagine! The bagel sandwiches can get it and that Bean2Bean cold brew is my fav in the entire city.Absolute best bagel I have had--yes, this is how I am choosing to start the review. I was encouraged to visit Passyunk Avenue Philly Bagels when I was starving and looking for a filling meal. I was concerned I would be left hungry and less than satisfied but decided to be open-minded.
I couldn't decide on the suggestions on the menu and decided to build my own. I chose a blueberry bagel, with egg, bacon, jalapeño cream cheese and tomato (sounds confused, I know!). A sweet and savory option with a hint of spice. The combination was a culmination of flavors I wanted in the moment and did not disappoint. The freshly prepared bagel was insanely delicious and firm enough to manage the supporting ingredients--sometimes a concern when building a sandwich on a bagel. 
My friend ordered a bialy bagel with garlic cream cheese, sausage, avocado, and capers. Another interesting combination that turned out amazing! We bother ordered their cold brew, which was refreshing and perfectly brewed. 
Now that the food has been addressed, let's discuss the customer service: outstanding! Every interaction was smooth and genuine. The team was busy but not too hyperfocused that they neglected to be personable. If the food wasn't enough of an incentive to return, I will definitely be back for the excellent customer service.I arrived at about 11 AM in the mood for a bagel with cream cheese. The shop was not too crowded, the staff was polite and suggested I get my bagel toasted, since it was later in the morning. A few minutes later I sunk my teeth in. The gentleman was right. Even though toasted, the bagel was underwhelming and did not even taste as if they were made that day.Great spot for a delicious quick breakfast! 
As a born and raised New Yorker, I have a hard time finding bagels in Philly until this place opened in my neighborhood, and is now my usual Sunday morning bagel stop!  
They have quite a few different varieties of bagel sandwiches as well as varieties of bagels. The bagels are always chewy, fresh and delicious. My favorite bagel (whole wheat everything) is hard to find and they always have them available. 
Today I tried the Wagner bagel sandwich - they definitely don't skimp on the toppings! The lox was very fresh and they put a lot on the bagel - great bagel to topping ratio! My other usual is bacon egg and cheese or sausage egg and cheese on a toasted bagel. I would recommend any of the bagel sandwiches or just to stop in to get a pack to go.Stopped by on the Monday before Thanksgiving and ordered the "Philly Special" on a toasted everything bagel. Philly Special came with sausage from Primal Supply, egg and cheddar cheese from DiBruno Brothers.
Sausage was delicious....sausage patty was the perfect thickness and married well with the egg, cheese and toasted bagel.
People who work there were super nice and my wife enjoyed our bagels in the shop while putting together our plan of attack for the Thanksgiving meal. 
Can't wait to go back !!!!!!
Side note: 
On our way to go get bagels we came across someone walking the same direction on East Passyunk. My wife and I weren't 100% sure if we were walking the right way and we asked this person to point us in the right direction. He told us we we were headed the right way but then said that the bagels at Flannel were much better. We watched as he grabbed 2 of the just-emptied garbage cans in front of Flannel and brought them in....seemed like he worked there. 
Can't imagine getting a better bagel than the one I very much enjoyed. Nice try Flannel guy.So. Good! Had a little delivery bump in the road through caviar, but staff was super friendly and helped me get it resolved quickly. The pizza bagel was Ah-may-zing! The hunk of fresh mozzarella on top was like a heavenly cloud. Breakfast sandwich super yummy too! 10/10 will order again.I really want to love it here. I live close and love a good breakfast sandwich. Today was my 2nd shot and I probably won't be back. A pork roll, egg and cheese on a bagel is $6.25, and closer to $7 with tax. It should be huge! Nope. A mediocre bagel, egg, cheese and 1 slice of meat. In a city with great food options, this is just not worth the cost. You can have double the portion and breakfast potatoes and one of many fabulous diners in the area. The staff was friendly and service was good. Too pricey for me for what you get.Excited to have these guys in the hood! I used to live over in grad hospital so I missed Fitzwater St when i made the move to south philly. Best bagels in the city...and, expert tip, get yourself some chicken salad.Not a bad bagel spot! Being from the NJ/NYC metro area, I was worried I'd have trouble finding a bagel spot that was as tasty as some by the Hudson (sorry, I know us NYers can be pretentious...). But anyway, these bagels hold up well! They're perfect for satisfying that craving, and their everything bagel is absolutely scrumptious. I usually just get an everything bagel with scallion cream cheese, but I personally love their "veggie sammy", a vegetarian-style bagel with pickles, capers, tomato, cream cheese (or hummus), and more. My wife isn't a big fan of their bacon, egg, and cheese -- something she usually gets at other bagel shops -- but we love the veggie sammy equally. Highly recommend!I was so pleased when this shop opened as I live close by. I have gone three times, today was my last time. Bagels were stale each time. Need I say more?Open on a holiday which was a life saver. Fast and friendly service and delicious breakfast sandwiches. Will be returning for sure.As you can probably tell, I love bagels. These bagels are pretty darn good. I usually get an everything bagel, which definitely does not ever skimp on seasoning (which is awesome). The breakfast sandwiches are decent, however the real money items that I have gotten are the Chicken salad sandwich and the Western Club. The combinations that they have that involve the different flavors of cream cheese are really the bomb. It is a bit expensive, however well worth it as the lunch sandwiches are HUGE. Its definitely worth a stop!Bagels are way too dense and fall apart- which is a shame because they've come up with some delicious sandwich ideas. Vanilya is where's it's at for fresh, airy, flavorful bagels.I have patronized this location on two occasions. The first being when they first opened. It was very unorganized, but I chalked it up to it being a new location.
My second experience was this past Sunday, several months after my first visit. I called in my order. I ordered a egg and cheese on a French toast bagel, toasted and a pizza bagel w/ pepperoni. I arrived approximately 15 minutes later. I walk up to the counter and give my name. He tells me my order is half done. I then hear the guys on the line say "where's that pizza bagel?" "the one I made for MYSELF?!" They carry on back and forth. The cashier comes back up and tells me they are out of pepperoni. Then the guy who "made it for himself" comes up to the register and reiterates they are out of pepperoni. So I ask, "because you ate it?" he responds, "that's what I said." I then say I no longer need the order and leave. 
Wouldn't they have known 15 minutes prior if they were out of an item? Im floored by the audacity of an employee to use the last of something already ordered by a paying customer. What horrible customer service!!The bagels, salmon and sandwiches are not good quality.  The bagels are thin and I'm not impressed with the dough.  
They are also completely overpriced.  I'm very disappointed.  
You can get better bagels at a better price at Acme or Shop Rite.Check your order before leaving to make sure it's correct. I've now had three orders messed by this location. Simple things, like not toasting the bagel or putting on the right cream cheese seem to be a challenge for this place. I'd only recommend going here if you have no other option. You're far better off going to Korshak bagels two blocks away for higher quality a higher quality product, and a far kinder atmosphere.15 minute wait for 2 toasted bagels with spread (simple order) with no line while 5 guys joked behind the counter on a Saturday morning. Bagels weren't even that warm when we finally got them.Pretty OK authentic fresh bagels. Decent selection of spreads/breakfast sandwiches. Great coffee. Pleasing atmosphere & a couple of outside tables
Some services issues tho & they can't seem to actually TOAST a bagel -- you know like brown?
The young male cashier is truly awesome. And once there was a young woman running the whole place herself but she toasted my order to perfection along with everything else she did.
Too bad they have a few slackers messing it up. Tip: When a complaint comes in, just say "sorry, we effed up. We'll try harder" not give a lame excuse that escalates into an argument with the customer. I don't want to hear that you "can't control the toaster"!My coffee was milk with a splash of coffee. The ordering system was quite confusing. But overall food was delicious, I would come back again now that I know this information.I've been here twice. The first time I was here I grabbed a half dozen bagels. Most of the time, when left to my own vices, when I will get a half dozen I am extremely boring and only get everything bagels. I did branch out and get a single French toast bagel. While the everything's were good, the French toast was amazing. My little toaster did have a hard time handling all the extras on the French toast, so maybe it's best toasted in store. It was still delicious.
The second time we went, we only got 2 toasted bagels to go. Surprise, I got the everything, and the Mrs. got a cinnamon sugar. We both thought our bagels should have been toasted longer. She had hoped for more of a cinnamon sugary swirl throughout the bagel and said it was more of a plain bagel with some cinnamon on top. 
The service, both times, was excellent and efficient. 
Overall, it's very good. We will be back. This is our bagel place in the neighborhood.Authentic old-school bagels & plenty of spreads, breakfast & traditional fillings & some of the best coffee anywhere.
Luke is awesome. What a positive attitude & a smart guy whose always on point along with the rest of the staffNot the best bagels. Felt dry, dense and small. Must be the water. I miss grabbing a bagel every morning in New York. Can't say I found a decent bagel in philly yet!I ordered a bagel with cream cheese and got this. Super disappointing and it was a busy Saturday so I didn't go back. They used to be generous with cream cheese but the last few times I've been there they have really skimped. Make sure you check your bagel or ask for extra if you actually enjoy cream cheese.I ordered a Pastrami sandwich this morning. The server had on rap music replete with the most vile profanity and the N word. I asked him if anyone complains about the music and he said "No" so I replied, well now you have a complaint and he replied "ok". My guess is that he owns the store or is a relation of the franchise owner. Sandwich, was very good though.Strange vibe. Grumpy, snooty staff. Just an unpleasant experience all around. 
Wish it wasn'tIf you're not spoiled by the real boiled bagels in NYC, then this spot is a good choice. If you are spoiled then this place is sufficient enough.The bagels and sandwiches are fantastic. The coffee...not so much. It's always cold (when I order hot), and I seem to always get the last of the pot, no matter when I go. The sweet guy behind the counter always tries to fix it in so many ways (except just brewing a new pot of coffee). I've been going for over a year and a half, and have not had a good cup of coffee yet. It's enough of a thing to inspire me to write/review.My boyfriend and I used to come here a lot and they have great bagels, great bagel sandwiches and the staff are always pleasant and friendly. We miss it a lot now that we moved out of the area!!I've come here twice, and have had a good experience both times. I have tried a breakfast sandwich and also a whitefish salad sandwich.
This is the first time I've tried bagels in Philly since moving from Brooklyn, and they were really tasty- I've had an everything bagel and a sesame bagel.
The staff seems pleasant, and the woman who works the cash register is very friendly!I've gone here on many occasions and generally order the same item.... The Whitefish Special.  It is for the most part on all my visits very well prepared with ample accompaniments and garnishes.  There is one particular worker that every time he is on schedule and he's prepared my bagel, I get totally short-changed.  I guess I will have to stop going on the days he works, because it's very disappointing to get home and find your bagel looking like that.  Someone needs to train this young man on how to make a real bagel with substance."This cream cheese is so good I could eat it off a spoon" - my wife. 
We got a dozen assorted bagels for friends, the everything is salty and delicious. 
The cream cheeses are awesome! We got veggie, scallion, and plain. Highly recommend. 
Friendly staff.Place is great! Iced coffee is delish.... sandwiches are great, and the vibe in there is awesome too. Love this spot!Check your order before leaving to make sure it's correct. I've now had three orders messed up by this location. Simple things, like not toasting the bagel or putting on the right cream cheese seem to be a challenge for this place. I'd only recommend going here if you have no other option. You're far better off going to Korshak bagels two blocks away for a higher quality product, and a far kinder atmosphere.Visited Philly from DC and was looking for a bagel place that had gluten free. Not always easy to find. This place has lots of selections or regular bagels and surprising had quite a few of GF. I ordered an egg and cheese on GF bagel and it was great! Customer service excellent! Will definitely visit again!