In one word: Dry.
In three words: Dry and flavorless.
Preferred Geno's, but only because his cheez whiz makes it less dry.
My comparison review of Genos v. Pats:
Despite their poor reviews on Yelp for being over priced, less than spectacular, and staffed by greasy men with the unique streak of arrogance borne of notoriety, we felt that experiencing the origins of the 'steak would be more rewarding than tracking down steakeries more highly regarded by the on-line community. 
So off to South Philly we ventured. We had been warned by other steak hunters that the area inhabited by the legendary steakeries was dilapidated and dangerous- so we were happily surprised to find them located in a vibrant community reminiscent of the San Francisco Mission (except with a lot less Latinos and a lot more Italians.) 
Arriving unmolested, we broke into teams to procure steaks from each of the shops (without out having to stand in both the long winding lines sequentially.) Our team went to Geno's, while Priscilla, Tammy and Sam went to Pat's to pick up our steaks. 
Geno's was interestingly decorated in photo's of the owner and his son posing with scantily-clad, skanky looking women and various celebs, as well as over the top pro-American propaganda and anti-immigrant rhetoric. 
I was warned by a woman in line that I must order our steaks with the whiz. Apparently it caused quite an uproar when John Kerry failed to order the traditional "South Philly," from Geno's- note that Pat's doesn't serve the whiz, so apparently the style only represents the north corner of the intersection, rather than all of South Philly.
When I returned to our seats, team 2 had already procured our steaks from Pats. Apparently some confusion had occurred during ordering, and we now had in our possession 7 steaks- 4 from Pats, and 3 from Genos. 
Both steaks were pretty basic- thin strips of steak with onions on bland French rolls; Pat's came with the traditional Provolone and Geno's with the aforementioned Cheese Whiz.
I started by eating one half of a Pat's steak. It was decent, but uninspiring. Several members of the expedition complained that Pat's Steaks were too dry. While not overly moist, I didn't share their concern; however the flavor was lacking in my opinion. Pat's Steaks were very bland in flavor, reminding me of my own creations before I got down with Montreal seasoning and fresh garlic. The cheese was also lacking in flavor. 
Next, I moved onto a Geno's steak, with the Whiz. I was intrigued by the flavor and consistency of the Whiz; the steak was juicier than Pat's and the Whiz and grease mixed into thin cheese-gravy that soaked the otherwise bland roll. The meat was similarly bland to that of Pat's, but the flavor of the Whiz compensated for the most part. 
I ended up consuming about 2.5-3 steaks in various portions in the sitting, as a excess had been ordered and various members of the expedition were unable to complete their missions, so I feel that I am qualified to end the age old debate as to who makes the best Cheese Steak:
Consensus amongst the group was that Geno's made the better steak of the two, but Geno's lost points due to the quasi-racist vibe, and at least 1 member of the expedition didn't care much for the Whiz. If we had spent more than a single night in Philly, we would have undoubtedly searched for less famous, but more delectable competition, but unfortunately we left the City of Brotherly love disappointed by the over-hyped, over-rated 'steaks. 
Mike's Ratings: (On a scale from 1-5, 5 being perfect and 1 being inedible.)
Cheese Steak Shop: 4.5-5 (Great tasting, but pretty expensive. I require a 15' to fully satisfy my hunger)
Geno's: 3-3.5 (Tasty, also too damn expensive) 
Pat's: 2.5-3 (Very bland, I can do better at home.)
Vanessa's Ratings:
Cheese Steak Shop: 5 ("Yummy!")
Geno's: 3.5 ("I wouldn't go out of my way to stand in that line & he's racist.")
Pat's: 2 ("It was too dry.")had cheese steaks all over philly and nobody could touch pat's in my opinion. geno's was not even closeHands down the best cheese steaks ever!!! I traveled all over the U.S for my job and Pats is still the BEST!! Do not go through or near Philly without stopping at Pats!!!!So basically because it's famous, they over charge for their overly greasy and mediocre cheesesteaks, but you're still going to go here. The guy taking my order reminded me of the Soup Nazi and I was scared to mess up my order. A cheesesteak is $10, fries $4.50. Crazy right? The sizes are smaller than others I've had, extremely greasy, under seasoned and extremely overrated. As fast as I got my cheesesteak it wasn't even hot, what?! Jim's and Ishkabibble's on South St are way better... don't waste your time or money.You. Are. Kidding. This is the worst cheese steak I ever had! Stale bread, grizzled meat. Not even close to good. The Emperor's New Clothes. A joke and a ripoff. Geno's is no better, by the way. These are gimmicks.  Go to Sheetz.I can't really compare Pat's and Geno's since I didn't have to taste Geno's cheesteaks, but Pat's was quite good!
There were so many flavor combination available but I stuck to "Steak Whiz Wit-Out"(no onions just cheez whiz)! Make sure you do your order right, be quick and have cash.
@ lunch-be prepared to find parking and/or eat while standing. Don't you worry...it's all worth it.
I stopped @ Pat's hours before my flight back to Cali and wished I ordered another one for my plane ride back home.Never fails to hit the spot at anytime this is always the best cheesesteaks in Philly hands downFinally a real Philly Cheese Steak. I got a whiz wit. The bread was soft, the meat was, well meaty, and the cheese was whizzy. Best cheese steak I ever had.Claim to be the inventors of the Philly Cheesesteak. We literally walked 2.5 miles to get here (our own decision), so we were starving when we got there. Don't worry when you see the long line; they serve about 15 people a minute (no joke). I asked for American cheese on mine, but I'm pretty sure you get cheese wiz no matter what. Also watch out for the service: I'm pretty sure the rudeness is part of the act, but I was very taken aback when the guy yelled at me WHILE I was ordering. Definitely be prepared when you step up to order.
All of that being said, the food was great! I got the cheesesteak with onions and covered it with ketchup. Delicious! And definitely get the fries!! Literally the best fries I've ever had. If you're looking for fast food, this is a great choice. Minus one star only for the service.Its not as good as you think... like at all I can make a better cheesesteak at home no lie. They rush you to order the steak was tough and chewy something like gum seemed like it was sitting on the grill for hrs before we got it it. The cheese sauce was good but there was barely any on it. Even there bread wasn't the best it was just to much of it and it was kinda old like it was sitting in the freezer for weeks and they just took it out and sold it.  The best part of this place is the fries lol I won't be coming back to be honest with you I was sorely disappointed in this place.This is my favorite cheesesteak. We came from California  and my husband was determined to get it. It was amazing the meat is thin and the onions with the wiz was amazing!
The French fries with cheese were good and we had a fruit punchThe better place of the two. A tourist place but still decent cheesesteak. Most locals will tell you if you want the best steaks, go someplace other than Geno's and Pat's, but nonetheless it's worth the visit and the better of the two places.Complete trash.  If you've ever eaten a cheesesteak in your life, avoid this place.  Just a tourist trap and hype machine.  Quizno's makes a much better cheesesteak.  In the question of pat's vs geno's, the answer is, who f*cking cares?  They both suck.  Went here 2 years ago with my brother.  Needless to say, i was excited, cuz i love food and heard so much about these two places.  I took a bite, looked at him, and started laughing.  Same with geno's, though.  I figured maybe i was mistaken, so i have gone back every time i've gone to philly for a concert or something (live in DC).  Nope.  Eaten here three or four times.  Wish i had my $30 back, so i could buy a grenade and blow the two places up.
Maybe if i was blackout drunk.I am forever a Pat's fan. I love everything about this sandwich, the bread, the meat, and the wiz. Every time I am in Philly, I stop over for a cheesesteak. There's not much to say about it. There is usually a line, which will give you time to formulate your order because you better have it figured out by the time you make it to the window. If it's cold out, bring your gloves because there is no indoor seating. Still worth it if you are in town!Pat lays it out like it is, King of Steaks! All of these other steaks are nothing but measly peasants. Bow down, here comes the Patty!HELLOOO tourist central. After you get passed the fact that the fanny-pack wearing people taking pictures on how to order your food- HELLOOO crazy goodness. You can catch me here before I head over to the phils game and not pay prices over there for something you can get here that is the magnificent of all magnificence.
It's simple. Simple goodness. You want a specimen of a perfect cheesesteak? This is where you come. I'm organized & clean about everything in my life, except FOOD. If I don't have stains on my shirt, pants, or face after a meal - I haven't enjoyed it. I'm a hot mess at Pat's! I almost can't describe the food here. The cheese fries are umm, YUM. 
Pizza steak, without, whiz. Pure love.
FYI - they only accept cash.
My mom & brother like Geno's..... hey, you can't pick your family.Just as mediocre as Geno's. Don't bother waiting in line. If you want to try a cheesesteak just go to any divey restaurant in philly and they make them. If you want to wait in a forever line and try a philly cheesesteak that's at least tasty, go to Jim's on South street.I'm from Jersey and when I think of cheesesteak, I think of driving 2.5 hours down 95 to load my belly with chopped steak, sizzling whiz on a soft bun. I've been to all the popular joints in town and this is in my opinion what a Philly Cheesesteak should be. 
But who cares what my opinion is - this place is already part of American food lore and is bigger than what a few people type onto a website about long lines and rude service. Go try it for yourself!Honestly, it was a standard "philly whiz wit" that met my expectations. Bread was good and meat tasted fresh and seasoned. I think the vintage look and experience of it all makes this place worthwhile for anyone new to Philadelphia!Awful food served with an equally awful attitude. Mine ended up in the bin after a couple of mouthfuls. I don't get how this dirty little place ever got on the tourist trail. Don't be a sheep, go give your hard-earned cash to somewhere that cares.I know Pat's is a very touristy site for cheesesteaks in Philly, but what they hey, it's still one of my favorite spots to hit up. Driving through those narrow neighborhood streets, can't help but think of Rocky. I really enjoyed Pat's cheesesteaks in the past. They were always juicy and better tasting than Geno's in my opinion. During this trip, I couldn't help but notice the saltiness of their cheesesteaks and cheese fries.
Sure the wiz is straight from a tin can but I found myself extremely thirsty by the time I got back to the hotel. I woke up in the middle of the night just to drink a whole bottle of water. At the time I was eating the cheesesteak, it was delicious. Extremely tender and juicy but everything was indeed a lot saltier than usual, especially the fries.
Verdict - price constantly climbs higher and higher for a cheesesteak in Philly. Despite the saltiness, it was still a fun experience showing my sister in-law Pat's steaks. We all enjoyed it and found parking right away. Speaking of parking, be careful with panhandlers and scam artist lurking around your car at night. They wait for you to finish and rush up to you when you're getting in. One guy was asking for a ride even when we clearly have no room in our car. Bunch of weirdos in this neighborhood so just watch out.Pats is okay. IT is a true philly experience if nothing else. Included is the cheesesteak nazi picture. Just placing an order from him is worth the trip. If you want a great steak go to Jims. If you want culture go to pats.Another tourist spot and philadelphia landmark. I usually only eat here if i have guests from out of town that want a down and dirty philadelphia steak. there are definitely better places. come for the experience, not the food. line up, read the sign, memorize how you will order something, pay, go find a free table, eat, and people watch.Ate here for my second trip to Philly. My boyfriend is from there and decided to let me try a "tourist" spot , I struggled to find the value , it was okay , I wasn't really impressed , to be honest , I've had better cheesesteaks in Maryland , where I am from. It was overpriced and the steak was barely hot , barely hot that the cheese wouldn't even melt on the cheesesteak , I was highly disappointed & I let my boyfriend know to NEVER TAKE ME BACK THERE. I rather eat at Jerry's .Awful. Just awful. Stale, cold sandwich. Tourist trap- just stay away.Lines were a little shorter than Genos but there was still a line. I had the cheese steak with mushroom, peppers, wit provolone cheese. The bread was saggy, there was little meat. Nevertheless, the steak and the onions were well season. Very flavorful indeed compare to Genos.The cheese steaks are just OK. I can definitely say i will eat it over Geno's though. The sandwiches are greasy and the meat isn't chopped up as much as i would like. The prices are high. .. $9.50 a sandwich. However after a late night out, it's convenient to pick up. The lines are long but they move very fast. The parking sucks because it's so congested in that area. Emergency park and take to go. If you're lucky and find parking, there is only outdoor seating no matter the temperature outside.This place is a Dump!
I wouldn't feed this garbage to a animal.
Your eating outside on a filthy table. The smell of philly sewage while eating a over priced sandwich is disgusting. There's what feels like hundreds of Flys and insects flying around the cook, food, ect. 
I will never come eat a mistake here again.Our first stop each time we fly into Philly!
Awesome cheesesteaks & the guys are always so friendly. 
Don't forget to stand in Rocky's spot from the movie!We made our way (from Boston) to Pat's after seeing the fued between Pat's and Gino's on Man vs. Food. I gotta say I side with Pat's. It was the juiciest Steak n Cheese Ive ever had. We walked up to te window and asked for an authentic Philly Pat's Style and it was sooooo goood!!! A must stop from now on whenever we go to or through Philly. Amazing!Ive been here multiple times and its great and all but I mainly come back just for the atmosphere and for people to be rude to me while i order my food lol. Pats is right across from Genos (there is some cheesesteak rivalry going on) and they both had equal lines of people. The cheesesteak came out super fast (within 5 seconds of me paying), hot, and full of greasy deliciousness.
The sandwich is great but I just don't know if its worth the trip to that particular location, since traffic is hectic and parking is a b!tch. I feel like there are so many more places in Philadelphia to get a sandwich that is just as good tasting, if not better. 
This is more just a rite of passage to come here and get something from either Pats/Genos/or both. I would give it a 3-3.5 but food is never terrible so im rating 4.Purported to be the "original" - I must say it was a phenomenal cheesesteak even cold when eaten at home 2 hours later!!This is a Philly institution, and something every lover of cheesesteaks should experience at least once in their life.  No, it's not THE best in town, but it's solid, and going into the middle of South Philly, waiting in line, ordering (correctly) at the counter, dealing with the brusque "service", then sitting at a cheap table outdoors to eat adds to the experience (FYI - there is no indoor seating).    
They don't use the best quality meat, or the best quality bread.   But it's still very good, and much better than Geno's next door (which I always found to be very dry).  Pat's drips when you eat it - as a cheesesteak should!this place is no joke!  have your order ready and money at hand!
it's worth the drive, especially coming from nyc.  
The line is either a hit or a miss.  Usually, I get online when it's short...thank goodness! It's all about luck.  
As for the sandwich itself... it's juicy!  lots of cheese, good amount of steak.Went for the first time.....MUCH better than Geno's across the street. AND 
their fries are one of the best I've ever had! Overall wouldn't say cheese steaks are that much better but nice to try the original. Not necessarily worth 4 stars but in comparison to Geno's, definitely IMO.It was a new thing for me, trying new things make me happy, and no way were we going to that racist schmuck across the street. The cheese steak;  I wasn't expecting a cold cheese steak. Like, the meat was cold, the bread was cold , the provolone cheese was cold. Que? The cheese fries were quite fun to eat, but I shoulda had the cheese steak wit wiz.  But then, my brother got them for us how HE liked them; I was dying of the flu I picked up shortly before leaving Los Angeles, so I didn't fight him on this one. It was super cold when we went, so I dunno if the sandwiches got cold because the weather was cold and we had to eat outside, or what.  And I did see the guy behind the counter get impatient with a girl that was ordering ahead of us because she couldn't make up her mind, just like they said he would in my Lonely Planet Philadelphia book. :)
This place gets five stars though, because on my way back to our car, this junkie came up to me, saying "Gimmie a dollar for a cheese steak" and I croaked that I didn't have one, and she called me a bitch. Places with a story get five stars, always, for me. Food wise, I probably just couldn't taste anything cause I had the flu, but this place will always stand out in my mind as the place I got called a bitch.Finally we got to try a real good Philly Cheesesteak. a bunch of guys from outta town decided to stop there for a real Philly experience (believe me ordering IS an experience)
my Provolone wit was fantastic (that bun is so fresh it makes a world of difference)
and do they serve you fast, make sure you're ready and don't slow down the line...
size of the sandwich could of been bigger (that is my only complaint) 
hesitated to cross the street and try Geno's but let just say i was persuated NOT to go!!
i'm sure you can get a better bigger cheesesteak somewhere, but this was a legit sandwich in a historic institution!! 4 starsI liked Pat's King of Steaks. My girlfriend and I did a small tour of Steaks while in Philadelphia over the weekend of 20 and 21 in February. 
Good portion of meat with some fat in it, not too lean, cooked well. American Cheese was tasty.
I judge a steak by Bread, cheese, and meat. And that's all I want, no wiz, by the way that drives me nut's people actually put something like that on a sandwich. And no I don't want  "wit" anything. Not knocking onions, but for a best cheesesteak comparison, not you don't and you can't. You judge them by meat, cheese, bread only, that's it.
So the Steak was good, 4 stars but Sonny's won on our limited comparisons even though we thought Pat's meat was a better quality, Sonny has more flavor, so maybe Sonny is flavoring their meat, which isn't a bad idea, I want a little snap out of the meat but Pat's was decent. It's not a tourist trap like people said, but we did go on a Monday. They have a good cheesesteak.A delicious cheesesteak with a side of homophobia.
OK, I'm not gonna expect these dudes to be politically correct. They're not known for their kindness -- though Geno's across the way is the Philly institution known for their xenophobia. We decided to come to Pat's because, well, its the one that's not Geno's. But it is, in it's own sad little way. 
Two quasi-gay-looking guys walk up to the window and order. My boyfriend orders, but he's out of cash (CASH ONLY, by the way). The dude tells him his steak sandwich is $10, I step in and say "oh, we're together." He looks at us, and says "fine, but that sounds so, so wrong." I could, of course, lecture him right then and there. But I want my effing cheesesteak, so I just took it. 
On the bright side, the cheesesteak was very good, as were the cheese fries. The co2 cartridge was out, so my soda was fine after I harassed them to replace the co2. This would have been a great experience, minus the mini-gay bashing.Pat's doesn't need a review.  Its cheese steaks speak for themselves.  Pat's steaks are responsible for creating an iconic food native to Philadelphia that has been mimicked (unsuccessfully) everywhere in the world.  It is truly an original.
If you've never gone there, go.  If you've been there, keep on keepin' the faith.  Pat's is a tradition that hopefully will outlive us all...and if you eat enough cheese steak, that might not be such a long time.2.5 if I could.
Despite the historic reputation, Pat's cheesesteaks just aren't that great. I'm guessing all the traffic the place gets is from the publicity from food shows, and I'll bet most of the patrons are tourists. For all the PR this place gets, the food is mediocre at best. The meat is a sliced ribeye that is unseasoned and bland. You get a choice of cheese, and the American which I got seemed like Kraft singles. The bread was fresh, and had a nice texture that complimented the meat, cheese and onions, however, the bland and excessively greasy meat was hard to overcome. The arrogant attitude of the employees (which is part of the reputation and charm to some people) is annoying given the quality of the food. Also, the $9 price tag is probably $3 more than what it should cost. The other famous place down the street is Geno's, which I inferring is worse because the lines were considerably shorter. I'm told that there are better places in Philadelphia, namely Tony Luke's.Why? I mean I can now say I've gotten an actually philly cheesesteak and it's just sadly disappointing. With wiz or without whatever it's really just kind of sad. Particularly for when it's almost 10 bucks and parking is a bitch. I ended up going somewhere else to eat another cheesesteak (not Geno's) in the same night, just to get the taste out of my mouth basically.Awesome and really fast, they just want to get you in and out of there so no complaints.First timer here! Came to Philly and was told Pat's was THE place to go so I obliged. A bit of a line but it moved quickly. You have to stalk tables to try to get one when someone gets up. Best Philly cheesesteak I've had in my life though! Came with cheese and onions on it and the meat melts in your mouth. There was an optional toppings station that included peppers, mustard, ketchup, etc. I loved the addition of the spicy mustard. Fries came out hot. I would say this place is a must-experience in Philadelphia!Pretty good sandwich, it was defiantly better than geno's! The cheese fries were pretty good too. Tell you the truth I have had better though!!!I used to live on Passyunk Avenue and I have to give my support to Pat's.  Firstly, I am a vegetarian and their cheese fries are far superior to Geno's (I've had both).  All of my guests as well as friends in the area go for Pat's over Geno's (I've also heard support for Ray's on South Street), with one commenting that Pat's cuts the meat in the sandwich so the flavor comes out better (and you don't have to tear it with your teeth like an animal).  I would add that Geno's is gawdy and awful to have to look at.  Parking can be a pain so if you're within walking distance I suggest you walk.  Be prepared to stand in line for a bit, bring cash and also note that you will likely not find a place to sit (at least right away) unless it's a really weird time of day during the week.  And go for the "whiz," it's the right thing to do.Yes, it's tourist attraction but I had tasted better Philly cheesesteak than this. 
Opposite corner of Pat's is its competitor Geno's. Geno's looks more new and clean than Pat's.I've been here twice. The first time I had my cheesesteak with provolone cheese and WID onions! Each bite was so wonderful, and I think this will be my go-to cheesesteak next time I'm in Philly and want Pats. The last time I came here I went with cheese whiz and WID OUT onions and my stomach didn't settle too well with that. There wasn't anything wrong with the cheesesteak, I just didn't like the cheese whiz. If you really want to try the whiz on your cheesesteak I'd also add onions and accessorize with more condiments to make it more flavorful and moist. I've always had my fries plain because I think they're pretty good as is. I've only eaten here during the winter time which is surprising because it's all outdoor seating. So for anyone not from Philly and wanting to try it, just pay attention to what the temperature is like and dress accordingly because you'll be outside.
In terms of the whole  Pats vs Geno's argument, I honestly wouldn't be able to give you an honest assessment of which one truly offers the best cheesesteak. I've tried both but have been sticking with Pats. Pats gets cool points & loyalty from me because of Rocky... and you know the whole Geno's racist sign thing. AINT NOBODY GOT TIME FOR WHITE PRIVILEGE!!!!! GO PAT'S!!!!!!It's the classic Philly Cheesesteak! What more can you say. Ya gotta go! I can't decide between here and Geno's they're both damn good and pretty similar. Pat's had better rolls. Go to both. You decide!I'm not the biggest fan of cheesesteaks, but I felt obligated to get a cheesesteak since I was in Philly. I decided to come to Pat's and Geno's to test the infamous rivalry. 
For Pat's I got a cheesesteak with whiz and peppers and onions. Compared to Geno's it was a little more expensive, but they definitely stuff it with more meat. The cheese has a slightly different flavor, and was less cheesy than Geno's. 
Pat's had a shorter line, and you can tell they're just trying to hurry the line up. I also think Pat's has a more classic feel to it as it's more lowkey. 
In a comparison between the two, I think Pat's wins just because it's stuffed with more meat.This is my first time going to Philly and having a Philly Cheese steak. I thought it was pretty good :)  
I asked two people and both recommended to try Pat's or Geno's.These guys really are the king of cheese steaks.  I had two phily cheese steaks with provo and onions.Greasy and fatty with a wait outside in the cold. Go instead to Jim's steaks at Fourth and South Streets for the very best cheese steaks anywhere.While I can't really compare to other Philly Cheesesteaks (i.e. Geno's or Tony Luke's) this place is really, really good. Plus, it's not nearly as intimidating for an out-of-towner, as I've heard Geno's is.
I got mine "wit wiz" and it was deeeelicious.
A little expensive, but I'm sure the others are just as pricey.First trip for cheesesteaks.. didn't disappoint... so good after running a 15k... definitely going back next time when I'm thereabsolutely amazing. spending the weekend in Philly and had to check out pats and Genos! I'm a pats fan at the moment! so much history and a huge line out the door! not to mention it was delicious!
provolone cheese steak wit  that's what you gotta get!!! sooo good!Pretty good philly cheese steak--better than geno's across the street.I live an hour and half away in North Jersey but yet I am currently the "Duke" of this place on yelp... enough said.
First time? Order a Steak Wit Wiz (Cheese steak with onions and cheese wiz)
   You have to order in a particular way and then move to your left as they pass you your ready cheese steak a few seconds later as its ready.  Otherwise they sort of turn into The Soup Nazi while ordering.
Yes, Geno's across the street may have all the fancy lights and attracts the people who don't know any better but your a yelper and well informed so stay away from the dark side.  But be warned if you do attempt to dance with the enemy, don't bring mention of one to the other lest you might get lynched.   
Now that you know how to order from the Original and Historic Philadelphia Cheese Steak what are you waiting for? Get in your car... Road Trip!Grading a cheesesteak is a lot like grading any of your poops. Sure some are more impressive than others but its all just shit you dont want inside your body. With that in mind Ill give it my best shot...
Pats is not as terrible as genos. So there.The long wait is over. I've cross four states to try this place. And guess what; it was worth it despite  the horrible weather. 
This is probably the shortest review, I've written since I became a member of yelp. I will make it brief and short. It was indeed the best Philly Cheesteak I've ever had. The bread was soft and moist. The steak was cooked to perfection. It tasted divine. I will say it again, the best Philly Cheesteak ever.
Must try. You won't be disappointed.You may have had cheesesteaks all over the city, but pats are completely different.  The meat is all chopped up and the hot sause is incredible.  
Don't make this your first cheesesteak.  Develop a taste first, so you can really appreciate it.Is it the best cheesesteak? No. Are the cheese fries delicious? Yep. Is it fun to hang out at 3 am amongst all sorts of people drunk and enjoying an unhealthy snack. Absolutely.Eh. Not impressed. I think this place would have gone out of business years ago without the supposed "competition" with Gino's across the street. I'd give these guys a 2/5, Gino's a 2/5. If you want something good, try Jim's on 4th and South 5/5. There are several other 4-5 star places around other than Jim's, but don't waste your time with these "authentic" places. The bread is all chewy and the meat is like something you get from 7-11.The argument about who's better, or which came first between Pat's and Geno's can go on forever so let me break it down this way: although Geno's 'may' be faster at getting your steak out they can be gruff and irritated even with locals, so just based on that I'd go to Pat's. The quality is the same between the two, so it comes down to service and Pat's wins.I don't know what's the big deal of this place, the service was bad, the guy behind the counter wasn't very friendly, at the time my bf and I were the only 2 ppl online.  He didn't need to rush us.  Made me felt like I'm back at the school cafeteria in 5th grade where the lunch lady rush us through the lines because there were many hungry kids on the line waiting for the "delicious" macaroni and cheese.... I had the philly cheese steak, I still don't see what the fuss is about? the bread tasted like supermarket bread... I guess I can finally said been there, try that, not that impressive...So I always see Pat's and Geno's on TV so I really wanted to eat here.  I brought a Philly cheesesteak from Pat's and my husband got his from Geno's so that we could compare.  
Both are far from the tourist scene (ie the Liberty Bell and Independence Hall) so it is a journey to get to either one.  
Philadelphia is apparently known for being rude (so our tour guide mentioned) and Pat's and Geno's live up to the reputation.  The woman at Pat's gave one guy a hard time because he didn't ask for a bag when he ordered.  When I tried to order soda, I was quickly rejected and told I had to go to the next window (sandwiches at one window, soda and fries at another). Geno's had a line and they have little patience if you don't know how to give your order right.
In to the food... we preferred Pat's more than Geno's.  In fact I had to give my husband my Pat's cheesesteak and got stuck with the Geno's one.  
Pat's bread is softer, while Geno's was tougher kind of like old french bread.  The meat at Pat's was a little jucier but more fatty.  Neither had a real good steak taste though.  I got whiz on the Pat's sandwich which gave it a creamy texture, although they were pretty skimpy with it so there wasn't nearly enough whiz. My husband got provolone on the Geno's sandwich and it wasn't even melted.
All in all, I wouldn't go to either place again.  Our tour guide pointed us towards Sonny's which is on Market street (3-4 blocks from the Liberty Bell so wat more convenient). It was also cheaper and way tastier.
But if you are like me and have to go just to go, I recommend Pat's over Geno's.Whiz wit.  (Cheese whiz with onions.)  Top that with some peppers from the condiments section and you'll have a great cheese steak.  The cheese whiz, as unhealthy as it sounds, is key.  
Pat's does it best.  If you take a cab here though, be warned - it's hard to get a cab back.Mmmmm cheese and meat!
Wit whiz! No onions for me though hehe 
Anyway! Lines are long! Outdoor seating! Very touristy! But you definitely have to try it once.Good. Nothing amazing. We ended up getting a few from here and a few from Geno's to compare. I definitely liked Pat's better. The cheese whiz tastes so different and the bread was better. They also offer more hot peppers than they do at Geno's. Either way, if you're visiting South Philly, these are good places to check out. Be ready to wait in long lines and spend some time finding parking. Cash only, limited seating and no bathrooms available.Nothing tastes better when you have been starving all night, and got a cheesesteak at 3 am becuz that's like the only place that's still open around here. All the drunk heads there last night would agree with me.I liked this better than Geno's. For some reason, both the cheese steak and the fries tasted better.I've been to Philly only twice in my life and I came here both times. I must say, they definitely have the best tasting philly cheesesteak I've ever had. But don't forget to get their french fries too! They are battered and soooo yummy : ) 
Know what you want before ordering!!!!Oh how the mighty have fallen. About a decade ago I would have said that Pat's was one of my favorite cheesesteak spots in Philly, now it's not even top ten, not by a long shot. What started as a modest cheesesteak stand has now become one of the biggest tourist traps in the city. The cheesesteak is just ok, the meat is on the drier side, probably because they make it well before you order. The price is absurd, $9.75 for a cheesesteak is out of control. If you want a great cheesesteak, check out Jim's on South Street or Abner's in University City. The only benefit of Pat's is that it's open 24 hr a day, so if you're just leaving the bar and need some munchies, Pat's can offer a much needed 2AM snack. But hey, so can Wawa for a lot cheaper.After visiting the Liberty Bell, my friends and I walked for almost an hour on a blistering January day to get to Pat's (and Geno's).
Now, if you're looking for sushi, you eat at the clean, sophisticated-looking restaurant. If you're looking for cheesesteaks in Philly, common sense says the dirtier the better. So we bypassed the neon signs at Geno's and chose to eat at Pat's first.
I went with the "usual" cheese steak with onions and Wiz and took my first bite.
WOW.  SO good. The bread, the meat, the cheese, the onions (and of course the grease). To this day, I have not had a cheese steak that comes even REMOTELY close. You really can't say you've had a cheesesteak until you've had one in this city.
Upon finishing, we walked over to Geno's and we realized we liked Pat's better. The meat at Geno's was slightly better, but the bread, onions and the ratio of all the ingredients were better at Pat's. And maybe it was because Pat's was our first stop, but that will remain my favorite if asked which I liked more.  
Just one recommendation: if you're going from the Bell, take a cab; otherwise it'll be a long walk through some ghetto areas.I've been living in Philadelphia for awhile and finally decided to try out one of the more "tourist" cheesesteak destinations. It was definitely some of the best bread I've had in a cheesesteak. But far from the best overall. It was a bit too greasy for me. And the staff is far from nice. They rushed me taking my order and seemed a bit upset that I had to use some change because I didn't realize it was cash only. The place only offers outdoor seating so be prepared on a busy night to not have a seat. However it's a much better appeal then the flashy Geno's across the street.Came here right after trying a cheese steak sandwich right across the street at Geno's and was equally disappointed.
Ordered the steak sandwich with provolone cheese and onions.  Not impressed at all.  The meat portion was more generous then at Geno's but the total lack of flavor really turned me off.
Keeping my fingers crossed that Tony's will be better!Pat's is one of the two big names when it comes to steaks. Both Pat's and Geno's are located across from each other and I really can't taste a difference. If there is one- it's not significant.
Along with that, these are Philly Cheesesteaks- but there are so many better options. Sadly, these are the two that always come to mind though when it comes to philly steaks.
I like the way Pat's is run. I like that Pat keeps his attention on his steak and isn't outspoken/annoying like his counterpart across the street.
Honestly, though, if you're up late and want a steak- go for it. Other than that, there are plenty of other places to get a quality cheesesteak.Pat's King of Steaks is purportedly the original cheesesteak shop, and while it is obviously a major tourist attraction in Philadelphia - it's one of those things you have to do - fortunately, the cheesesteak is still very tasty and I'd definitely consider returning again to visit this local institution.
Important Facts: CASH ONLY $11 cheesesteak (as of this review)- limited street parking - one window to order your cheesesteak at and then another to order fries/drinks. All seating is covered outdoor seating on red picnic tables. 
THE ORDERING PROCESS
- Very simple - very BRUSQUE - we ain't in the South no more...
Two windows - the one to the right is to order JUST STEAKS.
There's a little bit of lingo with the steaks - it's on their website, but hundreds of people a day butcher it while dealing with the brusque staff so I wouldn't worry about it too much. Something like "whiz with (wit)" will get you a cheesesteak with onions and cheese whiz (I've always been told whiz is the original cheese topping - if this is your first visit don't you want to be "authentic?"
Second window you order fries and drinks.
You pay separately at each window. 
They do this because the steaks are more or less ready to go and they want to keep the line moving. They give you a guttural yell of "next" to tell you they're ready for the next order. They want you to have your cash money out as you get the window to keep things running smoothly. A cheesesteak is $11 "whiz with" (I refuse to say wit - it does not compute to my tongue). By the time I got my change our two steaks were ready.
We passed on the fries and got a soda for $3.50.
My visit to Pat's was the last event during a completely spontaneous trip to Philly from DC - my first ever visit. After spending about 3 hours touring wandering around, seeing the "Rocky steps" and hanging out at the Free Library (too cheap to spend $20+ on admission to the many interesting museums in town and too late to see the Liberty Bell) I decided it was finally time to cough up some dough and drove to South Philly.
Frankly the whole process was rather stressful. I had read about the ordering process on their website but didn't realize it was cash only until I was nearly there, so I pulled off into a 7-11 and got $40 out of the ATM.
The neighborhood Pat's is in is close quarters with limited street parking and tourists from all 50 states and many foreign countries clogging the streets. After one pass around the block of one way streets I managed to find a spot (it's all parallel parking in case you couldn't guess). The neighborhood is probably not the best, but didn't feel actively unsafe at twilight on a Monday evening. I was asked for money by a guy who looked like Rocky's cousin and then, after our meal was over, we literally were sitting in our car when a man on a bike rode up to a man sitting on a stoop steps from our car and did a drug deal. And no, I'm not guessing, I literally saw him dropping what was probably crack rocks into the other guy's hand. Just second's before as I was walking back to the car I had seen a police cruiser roll by, so the neighborhood is patrolled, probably more than some other neighborhoods due to the potential for crime against clueless Chinese tourists and slack jawed Southerners like yours truly.
As discussed above the service can be a little off-putting to those of us from different cultures of customer service, but I'd suggest adopting a "when in Rome" point of view as that's part of the schtick (and local culture by all accounts - look at the Eagles).
Speaking of the Eagles - at 5pm on Monday night most of the customers were wearing Wentz and McNabb jerseys as, unbeknownst to me, Monday Night Football was in Philly that night. I consider that a good sign when folks who have had time to know the area choose to eat at a place like this.
Bottom-line: This is like Cafe Dumond in New Orleans - yes, it's very touristy - it's open more or less 24/7, BUT it's still delicious and if you don't get a cheesesteak from here or Geno's your friends back home will wonder if you really even visited Philly.Made the trip from CT primarily to taste the legends and make the comparison of the two proverbial giants of the Philly Cheesesteak scene, Geno's and Pat's. Did the classic 'Whiz Wit' at each and while neither was anything that absolutely blew me away in taste alone, I won't be driving past without stopping anytime soon. Nothing anyone else hasn't said or doesn't know, but busy, and 'heres-your-change-and-your-sandwich-see-ya' very quick service. No problem here as the food is the star. 
In the end, both worthy of the hype but no doubt there's still something better out there. No true discernable taste difference between the two, although the texture of the meat might make a difference to some if comparing the two. 
From the standalone perspective: great bread, meat good and tender but limited in taste, and Whiz is Whiz.  The combination works well and IMO that is why they're here. It'd be a regular stop if I lived anywhere close by.Pats and Geno's both get lots of publicity, and rightfully so with their rich histories and great steaks.  I'm from Texas, and this was no Texas steak, but I loved it.  Depending on who's at the window, you might be able to relax and make a mistake with your order...but I recommend reading the instructions on ordering and practicing beforehand.  I also recommend the cheese fries, which must be ordered separately at the second window.  
These steaks are delicious, but I will have to try Geno's and other local hidden gems before I crown Pats...but don't let that stop you from trying a legendary steak.