I LOVE this place. It's a must stop through for me when I come into Philly!!! The people that work here are the best and the oyster are delish! Don't miss it.No doubt a delicious breakfast spot! I tried the classic French Toast. I was not a disappointed. Light, fluffy and sweet! It also came with fresh strawberries and blueberries. The bacon was cooked to perfection. I also ordered a side of scrambled eggs. The staff were very pleasant. I'll definitely visit again.I've been here 3 times in the past two months and ordered the same thing every time and LOVED IT every time - as have all the friends I've brought here.
First and foremost - THE TRUFFLE FRIES. Yes, all caps are necessary. These are probably the best fries I have ever had and if they were the only fries I could eat for the rest of my life, I would be more than content. Please order them. They are $5 and easily shareable - my move is to get them as the appetizer as most of the entrees come with their own side.
Now for the main course - the salmon burger. It has ginger, cucumber, and some other thing I can't quite recall with the most delicious sauce on brioche. Sounds weird - tastes amazing! It is unique and refreshing with no "fishy" taste and is filling but doesn't make you feel gross or stuffed. Food is 5 stars. 
Service is friendly and helpful, albeit a little slow occasionally and water refills have been hard to come by. You pay up front at the register when finished. 
I will be back here - maybe next time I'll try something else lol I hear great things about the po boy.Delicious! I had a yummy mushroom and turkey bacon omelet (made from local eggs) with white cheddar cheese. It came with a side of fruit, home fries (or grits) and toast (which I held). The portion was perfectly sized.
I also ordered fresh squeezed oj which I literally could have guzzled down in one sip. It was that good!
The service was great too. Our waitress was very sweet. She warned us that the kitchen was busy and it could take longer to get our food. We told her we were in no rush. 'Longer' was 10-15 minutes.
The setting here is also amazing. POB is located at the front of the marketplace. Just a great atmosphere for breakfast at a bustling marketI work nearby so have eaten at Pearl's a couple times. Today I was craving a crab cake sandwich for lunch so came here, and at the last minute decided instead to order the fried oyster platter, which comes with fries, coleslaw, and a roll. When the platter came, I just stared at it confused for a bit because there are only 3 oysters. That's right, 3 oysters. It was $13. It's Reading Terminal Market. I wasn't expecting much. But I was expecting a "platter" to have more than 3 oysters. Not huge giant oysters either but average size oysters. The oysters themselves tasted fine but seriously, three? You get more than that in a PO Boy sandwich. Come on. I guess they expect you to fill up on fries and the roll. Oh and I just realized I never got the roll.Fantastic service, though I went to eat at 10AM on a weekday and it was not busy at all. Everyone was friendly and quick. 
The best part of breakfast, though, was the food. Crabcakes Benedict. Amazing. 
Good atmosphere and great food. I'm happy to be working in Philly this week down the street from Reading Terminal where I have found so many gems like this place.My husband and I stopped here for breakfast on a Sunday morning, and I'd highly recommend trying the Breakfast Po'boy. DELICIOUS. Their coffee was pretty great, too.I ate there the first time I ordered the bacon banana french toast,  it was good the first time,  the second time it was horrible,  I ask the server politely that it was something wrong with my order, he neglected to do anything about it. I've never went to a restaurant that neglected a customer concerns, but yet still want the customer's money. I was outrage,  I will not be going back to pearls oyster bar. There customer service has to improve. For anyone going to Reading Terminal for the first time or just going there to eat, try out the Dutch Eating Place, the food is great, customer service is great, the work ethic at the Dutch Eating Place is way better than eating at the pearls oyster bar.Best Breakfast in the area!!!
Had eggs Philly yesterday... EPIC... had Peanut Butter Banana French toast today... EPIC... go here for breakfast!!!
Great service with a smile too!I eat at the Reading Terminal frequently, but have never eaten from here. I was in the mood for some fried shrimp, and ordered the shrimp platter with extra fries (I dont like coleslaw). I got it to go, my order was ready quickly, i was excited to eat it. I get home and open the box and my first thought was really, this is what I paid almost $11 with tax for. The fries were nothing special, had to add salt and have ketchup with them to have some flavor. The roll was a roll. There were I believe like 5 butterflied shrimp. I was surprised at how little the amount of shrimp was. But I thought ok, they might be very good, they were not, they also had no flavor. Overall not worth the money at all, maybe if I had paid half of what i did, I would be ok with the very bland food. I might try the soups one day, but I dont know if I would give the fried food another chance.Super busy. But worth it.  Nothing fancy, just good food. Be patient because it can be get a little inane busy.  We had the Vermont oysters which were really good and sweet.  The lobster bisque is good as well.  The PO boy sandwich was just average.Just had the best breakfast of my life. We asked our waiter Jessica what we should get as we had never been. She mentioned the crab cake benny and banana Bacon French toast. Only had to wait a few minutes for the food to come out. Jessica's service was awesome. And you'll never have a better French toast.There was fast service and great breakfast that is served all day. Seating and friendly people!Seth is super cool.  Will get you started despite other wanna be waiting staff.  Coleslaw is wet and fresh. Cod and fries, served hot and fast.  Faster than expected. Batter and cod both way tasty.  Fast food that's tasty - Hard to find. Also... free refills.  Woooooo!I had the salmon burger which was great!!! The salmon was cooked perfect and seasoned well. The salad was over dressed and the dressing had way too much vinegar in it so I couldn't finish the salad at all. Service was fast and friendlyWe ate here three times in three days ... waitresses and service was fast and the little nook where we ate was cool, looking at both the street and the busy market.  My son is a french fry critic and loved them - crispy and perfect.  We had fish and chips, oysters, calamari, scallops, and fish tacos in our various meals. All were outstanding- fresh and well prepared.  The scallops were accompanied with asparagus and white bean salad which was 5-star good.  All in all a great experience and well worth it.Food was ok but the service was impeccable. Quick, helping those with mobility problems (two people coming at different time), offering info about food choices.  I'll be back.Eaten many times over the years and food is excellent.  Best fried flounder and quick service. However, today was not happy with non existent service.  Sat at counter surrounded by folks eating.   Tried in vain as young fellow waiter talked to other patrons about their meals to get attention.  Never acknowledged I was there.  Even cleaned up plates next to me.  Was invisible.  No menu. No nothing.  After waiting in vain for ten minutes and no service left.  Very bad server at an otherwise great spot.  Will be a while before consider returning.  Totally bad experience and left hungry and pissed off.  Waiter was useless.   Enough said.Must go if you are looking for brunch in reading terminal! Try the chicken and waffles and any of the waffles or French toast! Service is super quick and if you are hungry you'll be dining in less than 10 minutes!Not bad, but definitely not the best that I experienced while in Philadelphia. 
I visited Reading Terminal (...again) for breakfast and I wasn't sure what I wanted to eat. I was already ate breakfast at the delicious Hershel's and I wanted to try something different. I have to admit, I was somewhat lured in due to the diner seats that they had readily available. Most places in Reading Terminal do not offer seating, but this place has a lot for the space provided. 
The breakfast menu was pretty interesting. It had a lot of things to help you indulge. Things such as red velvet waffles, creme brulee french toast, etc. I decided to stick to something a little less sweet and I went for the breakfast burrito. The breakfast burrito was just OK, and did not really seem like an "authentic" breakfast burrito. I use the word authentic loosely, because it's not like any breakfast burrito is authentic anyways.
Pearl's feed me that morning and kept me full, so it was good in that sense. But, it just wasn't one of the better meals that I've had at Reading Terminal. I don't think I'd visit again unless I was desperate for some of the seating they provide.Hey ya'll I'll be honest--- I work here! And if you read these reviews and are worried about service, rest assured that those peeps are no longer employed here. The food is slammin, zagat just rated our oyster sliders the #4 sandwich in the entire market, and you will always love our Benedicts, the daily brunch specials, and everything from bacon banana French toast to housemade salmon burgers with sriracha and wasabi aioli.
Always ask if we have lobster bisque on deck, it's not on the menu, but of all of our homemade soups that is my personal fave :) or the snapper TURTLE w sherry!
This place has seen a lot of changes in the past year, and it's DEFINITELY worth a try. Most awesomely casual, best people watching, and delicious seafood/brunch joint in townLaid back great service in the hustle of the morning at reading terminal. Food was as described and perfectly prepared. Tastes great!!Had occasion to be at a conference and gave me an opportunity to visit this long-time favorite. It's always consistent on the regular seafood menu items but I've noticed over the last couple of years they've kicked up the menu to include new, upscale dishes. Check out the daily specials. Staff and chef do a great job.Their food is pretty good, but I wish they offered scallops in a non-fried form. Too much fried food makes it all taste the same--like batter. Their lobster and crab bisque is very good.Came here for brunch and was pleasantly surprised. They have a bunch of benedicts. Got the chicken and waffles benedict, though I'd love to try the pork belly one, and the crabcake one at some point too. The waffle wasn't quite crispy enough, but the poached eggs were done great, the sauce was tasty, and the chicken quite good. Easy to share with another person as well, which is what I did.
Also got a berry french toast, which had a creme anglaise and mixed berries. This was really quite good. They used brioche, and it was a good flavor, not too eggy, not too soggy, just right. The creme and berries went well. Service was really nice there, in typical Philly in your face / sarcastic kinda humor. Ambiance is...well...it's Reading Terminal Market. For what it is, this place was definitely worth it.I was disappointed with this place. It is named oyster bar but they do not even have fresh oyster. All the seafood were deeply cooked and lost their essential taste. I won't recommend this place to my friends.Tasty salmon nicoise, crisp vegetables, plump olives...just overcooked salmon. I think the visit would have been better if service was present. I'm well outside lunch hour and have to ask for service and water. The waitress didn't wait for my second bite before dropping off my check! Message received, I'm done at Pearl's.
I appreciate the fresh salad though.What a surprise!! Delicous breakfast/brunch. Place was busy but servers were on the top of their game. Highly recommend trying one of their varieties of eggs benedict. I had the veggie one. The hollandaise was hot which can sometimes not be the case. Potatoes were crispy and flavorful. Sauteed veggies were probably the best part. You just grab a seat or sit at the counter so you get to know your neighboor.I had the cod. It was okay. The crab and lobster bisque could have used some more chunks of meat in it. I was searching for the good stuff amongst the broth. My friend had the steamed clams. She thought they were good, even though they took a while to come out.We really enjoyed our breakfast here today.  One of the best eggs Benedict I've ever had.  The potatoes it came with were crispy on the outside and soft on the inside.  Delicious.  My son loved his " LIBERTY" waffle. The bell was clearly imprinted on it. Very nice touch.  The place is not fancy but a solid choice for a good breakfast in Philly!Legit one of the best breakfast meals I've ever had. Get the Breakfast Jawn - you won't regret it.After wandering through the market we decided to stop here for breakfast. We got the oyster omelet and the egg sandwich. The coffee was strong and good. The food was well prepared and tasted really good too.Had a great time here. The food was excellent and the service by the hostess Ben, was great as well. He recommended the special which was the strawberry shortcake french toast. Great choice!Rude waitress. I wanted to eat at the oyster bar just to say I ate there but they wouldn't let me just buy French fries. Ridiculous and Rude.Breakfast on a busy Sunday.  AMAZING food.  Fast service.  Ben the server - super friendly & enthusiastic.  Fantastic!Breakfast to go today! I had about 40 min before I left for New York today. I went to reading terminal to get some breakfast, and headed straight over to Pearls. The line was extremely long. Customers were reading the menu while ordering which held things up a but. The waitress was kind enough to take people's orders that's knew what they wanted. The front cashier was polite, but not very friendly. Even to the staff. I always notice those things because I manage a staff of 7. I care about how people are treated. Although my food was delicious no one deserves to be treated mean, especially when they are only trying to help. 
I know, I know. The food is what you want to know about. I ordered the Veggie Benedict and it was fabulous. I always enjoy their breakfast and the potatoes are cooked to perfection. Enjoy!!This place is great!  I am not sure why I don't frequent it more often...  They have very fresh oysters from NB Canada that are super crisp and clean.  The fish tacos are amazing.. they are served with a salsa verde sauce that totally makes the tacos! service at the bar is always good!This was First time eating at Oyster Bar. I was VERY ambivalent about what to eat as I wanted to somewhat eat healthy while in town. One of the severs was incredibly helpful. This food was healthy ANDA had amazing tasteI order the tuna nicoise salad. My daughter had an omelette. My salad was one of the best salads I've EVER had. It was perfection. Her omelette was excellent as well. We were exhausted and hungry. Totally impressed by the food. It's right in the center of the action - very busy. Great people watching too.Pearls oyster bar is delicious! From their breakfast, brunch, lunch and dinner. The chicken fingers are very light and delicious. They also mastered the way calamari should taste, some places it too chewy and other places it's too over done...this place has the perfect calamari. ON TOP OF THEIR BOMB ASS FOOD, the staff makes you feel like you've been their friends for life. Al, Jess, Steph and Seth are all incredible and make you feel so welcome. Highly recommend this place for any new comer to Reading Terminal.Me and a friend stopped in for a plate of oysters... man that was rough. Shells were still really gritty, which isnt a huge problem in and of itself. The real issue was the oysters werent cut free from the bottom shell, so you had to bite down on it to rip it free. This resulted in your bottom teeth raking in a load of grit and debris from the shell. Yum. In their defense, the oysters were large and glistening, as should be expected. I'd pass though on my next visit to the terminal.I want to tell you something. It is something that I hope will impress upon you the severity of the food situation at Pearl's Oyster Bar.
If my own dear mother had served to me the same sulky slab of tough, bland, farm-raised salmon, or the mushy, limp salt-bombs that passed for green beans (more accurately, gray-green beans)... I would have sent it all back.
As it happened, time and social constraints dictated that I choke down enough of this "food" to calm my hunger pangs until I could get something else decent to eat.
How can a seafood restaurant, right there in the Reading Market, sharing a roof with some of the finest seafood purveyors in the city, be content to serve such subpar product? In the middle of salmon season, no less?! I wonder what they then do to this third-rate salmon to make it, bizarrely, even more dry in the center than it is in its Sahara-like edges.
How long are the green beans cooked? One hour? Two? Five?
I may never get the answers to these questions, but I know this: the meal I was served at Pearl's was an embarrassment  and an insult to the Reading Market and to what this city has to offer.
P.S. Happily, my mother has way too much self-respect to ever serve a meal even close to this college cafeteria abomination.Service was good ...  Just got oysters and they were good.... Some were meaty other were not but was fresh so that's all that matters....Breakfast was great with excellent service. Was pleasantly surprised to see grits on the menu.Don't know why we would eat breakfast at an oyster bar but this place is always packed.  Since we stayed at a hotel near Reading Terminal, we decided to try this place in the morning before the crowd arrived.
creme bulee french toast ($11) - 4 stars - big portion
granola with Greek yogurt ($7) - 4.5 stars - with sweet blackberries
3 eggs with bacon and home fries ($8.5) - 4 stars- was told $2 extra for egg whites.  Not sure why I would pay extra for them to take out my yolks unless they use box of egg whites which I do not like, so ordered sunny side up and it was cooked perfect.  Not crazy with the applewood bacon but the home fries were tasty, moist and soft inside eventhough they looked burnt and dry outside.
coffee ($2) 3 stars - just okay and did not get any refill.
$40 for 3, cash onlyWe ordered clam chowder, truffle fries, oysters, and a lobster Mac and cheese. The only reason we had one star off was because of the lobster Mac and cheese-the pasta wasn't as tasty and was kinda generic, while the lobster bits were amazing. The highlight of the meal were the truffle fries with parmesan! They were $5 but the tastiest fries I've ever gotten. The parmesan was not just dusted on the fries but deep fried with them, making them very flavorful with each bite. The clam chowder was rich and creamy, and the cup (the smaller size) actually filled the two of us up decently. I would definitely come here again out of my way just to get the fries!I eat at this place almost every time I'm in Philly! I always ask about the special-which seems to be $13-15. I went with 2 others we had Italian sausage eggs benidects, Girl Scout cookie french toast, and a fish dish (forgot the name) served with a kale and root veggie. 
The Italian sausage eggs was good nothing extremely special but good. The Girl Scout french toast was excellent!!!!!!! They take your favorite cookie and make it into french toast. Super delicious. The fish was also very fresh and savory. Served with kale and root bee his with crumbled bacon. Mmmmmm that was my favorite. 
This place is in the Redding so space is limited but it has a long counter and some seating to the side of the kitchen. The service was good. They don't do free refills on soda. Coffee & water only. 
I'll be back it seems to always the place I end up when in Philly.Food was very delicious! Staff was friendly and our waiter was polite and joked with my dad  some of the best brunch I've ever had! Despite the business of reading terminal the brunch is worth every penny, will not disappoint.Just had the pork belly Benedict breakfast
It was fantastic one of the best breakfast I have ever had.In a short visit to Phily my bestie and I dropped by the iconic Reading Terminal Market just to poke around for a few minutes. We couldn't resist a nice eatery called Pearl's. 
When we sat down we talked to the nicest guy named Ben. Ask for him he's super sweet and easy on the eyes ladies :)
We wanted oysters. done deal. 
He went through the types of oysters and their origins. Tastes and pairings of sides and dressings. We enjoyed it every much. Thanks again Ben! 
Small tid bits: theres table seating which seems rare at a large gather market, I personally love the bar style seating they have. Ok.. so its hipster they got 'em chalk boards and what not. :)I read an article about the best brunch spots in center city and this was on the list - for good reason. The counter gets packed FAST in the morning, just keep an eye out for whoever looks like they're finishing up. The service is friendly and the food reminds me of homecooking. I recommend the chicken and waffles Benedict.A good place in Reading Market to grab some oysters on the half shell. The selection of them was good as we were able to get some from British Columbia, and Cape May.This was one of the best brunches I've ever had. 
We were wandering Reading Terminal Market on a Sunday morning and we saw the specials on the board and couldn't pass up a hearty brunch. A table for 4 was empty so we walked right up, sat ourselves down, and looked over the menu. The waiter came up quickly to take our order. 
My best friend had the pumpkin cheesecake french toast special. It was incredible. The roasted pumpkin and candied pumpkin seeds really brought this dish over the edge. 
Her fiancé had the creme bruleé french toast that was also amazing. Not only were these dishes delicious but they were beautiful. 
My sweet Ben had the short rib hash Benedict with a side of cheddar grits. The red wine sauce paired perfectly with the rich hollendaise and it was great. 
As for me, I had the chicken and waffles benedict, a hybrid of my two favorite foods. The chicken was crisp and juicy and the hollendaise had a beautiful lemony kick. The sweetness from the waffle really balanced the whole dish and the grits were to die for. It was perfect. 
Each entree was no more than $12 and we were in and out in less than half an hour. What more could I have asked for?Pearl's Oyster Bar is a mainstay on the western wall of the Reading Terminal Market. This is a very popular place and serves breakfast and lunch all day.  While there are several things to recommend here, let me highlight the Fried Oyster Sliders which are so tasty.  They are served on a brioche bun with a nice cabbage pepper slaw. I could easily eat ten of them but you only get three per order.  For an extra two dollars you can have the sweet potato fires with cinnamon & sea salt.  Order these as well. And if you do, I think you will def be satisfied that you stopped by Pearl's for a bite to eat!Had a terrific omelette and home fries. All fresh ingredients - they cut up a jalapeño for it!  Seth took care of me and also gave me some habanero sauce to increase the heat. Great food and super friendly. Definitely will come again!Love Pearls! Finally tried it after a few years of walking by it during lunch breaks at Reading Terminal. Service was top notch, and the place was packed but not overbearing during a Tuesday lunch rush. 
I've heard good things about the Tuna sandwich but the thing that caught my eye was the all day brunch and the crab cakes Benedict. I had to have it! 
Crab cakes were the perfect consistency and the baguette it was placed on was deliciously crispy even after having hollandaise sauce all over it. Home fries were delicious as well! Dish came with a side of fruit sprinkled with powdered sugar to balance out the heavy meal which I thought was brilliant. 
Will return to try more!Brilliant - just brilliant! But seriously, very good food. Eggs benedicts are the winners hereFirst off, I would have to agree with others stating that the waitresses are a bit on the unhappy/grouchy side. Mister and I first sat down on the stools and placed our orders. However, we decided to move to a table as our siblings decided to join us. We told the waitress and she had a not-so-happy look on her face. At least the place wasn't packed at all and our food didn't come out yet?
Anyhow, their crab bisque is pretty good. If your eyes tend to be bigger than your stomach, order a cup instead of a bowl as the consistency of the soup tends to be on the rich side.
The raw clams are not bad, either.Took my wife up to Philadelphia on Amtrak; enjoyed a 3 day weekend.  Of course, we went to Reading Terminal Market; ate at Pearl's Oyster Bar.  The service was good; servers very friendly.  When the meal was over, I produced my credit card; they said they didn't take credit!  Seems that's a "thing" in Philadelphia.  There were no signs to that effect; they just ASSUME customers know it's cash only.  Anyways, went up to the register to pay the bill.  I ASSUMED the tip was included....I chose to eat at the Reading Terminal for my last meal in Philadelphia.  I noticed how large the counter at this place is so thought that it must be pretty good.  Looking at the Yelp reviews after I sat down, I was concerned....
Well, I had a good lunch. Snapper and sherry soup, 1/2 dozen Oysters, and the  Seafood platter (oyster, stuffed clam, crab cake, shrimp, scallop, and fillet).Had lunch here today, inclement weather left me to not wonder away too far from my hotel.  Got seats at the counter for 5 of us.  We ordered fish tacos, salmon burger, red velvet waffles and omelettes. Overall great experience, for the kids and adults. The food was very good. My salmon burger had a generous side of bbq. Chips, pickled ginger and lemon mayo. The 3 egg omelette came with generous serving of roasted potatoes and a big slice of toast. The waffle was top with fresh whipped ccreamand fresh strawberries. The fish tacos were huge, came with a salad, salsa and pico de gallo. The fish was lightly deep fried, very well seasoned. We wanted to try fish and chips but it was all out by the time we sat down to eat lunch at 1pm.Service was great. Very friendly. 
I got the Oyster Rockefeller Eggs Benedict with home fries. Delicious and different. 
Cash only. ATM near. 
They have different types of Benedicts too.This place is fantastic!  My husband and I had brunch on Sunday; he ordered the chicken and waffles benedict and I had the crab cake benedict.  We also shared 1/2 dozen oysters and he had the snapper soup.  He said the snapper soup was delicious and the oysters were very fresh but on the smaller side.  My husband raved about the food so much we just went back on Wednesday.  We ordered the fish tacos, seared scallops, and oyster sliders.  Everything was great and our waiter (I'm assuming he's the younger brother) was super nice.  He remembered us from our last visit and recommended some great dishes.  Our food was served literally within 15 minutes and everything was perfect.  We are already planning our next trip back with the entire family in tow!This is a gem in the market! The food is delicious and decently priced. Fresh oysters, a two-people portioned size omelette and fried oysters for under $30! You can't beat that!!!Who knew that Pearl's would have such a gourmet menu for breakfast?? We were checking out all the spots in the Reading Terminal and as we passed by Pearl's we were wowed by some of plates being set down at the counter.  The special was eggs benedict over a special little bread served with cheesy grits,  perfectly cooked pork belly over a basil crema with a few pickled onion sprinkled over.  Wow! Our server, Ben, was friendly and fast.  He suggested adding some "brightness" of peppers and onions to my order of a simple breakfast egg sandwich.Loved it!It's Reading Terminal Market, so this place is busy. My friend and I were able to score a table and sat with a few tattooed people (there was the tattoo convention happening right across the street) who were friendly. I love how you never know what you will see at the market. 
Although most people were getting breakfast (that looked really pretty) my friend and I got the salmon burger. What really intrigued me to order it was the wasabi aioli and the pickled ginger. Well I wasn't disappointed; it was quite tasty and came with a side salad with yummy light salad dressing. 
The staff was friendly and doing the best they could with being busy. I would totally come back.Amazing breakfast today!  I remember this place from years ago but they've expanded and added more seating and a revamped menu.  We were able to find seats at the counter and enjoyed a really good cup of coffee.  My husband got the breakfast "Jawn" special which had potatoes, peppers, onions , scrambled eggs and ham with a biscuit and topped with a spicy creole gravy. It was massive and could easily be shared by 2 people.  I got the shrimp and grits starter with a side of bacon and a side of home fries. I totally over ordered. The shrimp and grits were AMAZING. They brought me a small side of the creole gravy and I may have to make special trips to Philly just so I could have this for breakfast.  The bacon added a nice compliment to the shrimp and grits and the potatoes were good but set aside so I could focus on the rest of my food. Well done. 
It was a fun location with good service and great people watching. They also take credit cards, which must be new since many note the cash only status.Good amount of seating.  The employees are attentive and knowledgeable.  Oysters are frest but I go mostly for the crab cakes.  Best crab cake benedict i've ever had.Amazing brunch! I had the Apple Pie French toast and it may rank in my top 3 of all time. Great service, coffee and a comfy barstool on a Sunday morning...doesn't get much better than that.With only 24 hours while visiting Philly my wife and I knew as foodies that we could not leave without a visit to Reading Terminal. We arrived at the terminal around 9:30 am and the stands were just starting to open for the day. As we walked through the terminal, the wealth of wonderful smells permeated the air. We approached a few different spots and the breakfast menus didn't really have exactly what we wanted. 
We approached Pearl's Oyster Bar which was packed and quickly studied the menu. As we were reading the menu, two spots at the bar opened and we snatched them. The waitress approached us and gave us menus and took our drink order. She quickly brought me a cup of coffee and stood ready to take our breakfast order. 
I ordered the classic 3 egg breakfast that was accompanied by breakfast potatoes, toast and your choice of meat. I greatly appreciated that turkey bacon was substituted at no extra charge. Tip: If you don't want butter on your toast make sure you tell them a head of time as it comes pre-buttered. I chose scrambled eggs and they came out just how I like em, not overcooked. The breakfast potatoes were also delicious!
Overall, I really liked my breakfast at Pearl's Oyster Bar. Its situated at the entrance near Market street so you don't have to walk through the whole terminal to get to it. The staff was very polite and the prices were reasonable for a large breakfast. I would recommend this spot to anyone looking for breakfast at Reading Terminal.I discovered this spot while walking around the reading terminal market. It's all the way in the back which is nice since you get to skip over a lot of the crowd (the market gets SO crowded). My family and I got a seat immediately and we ordered half a dozen of oysters for a quick appetizer before making more stops in the market. Half the oysters were from Canada and half from the Pacific coast (can't remember where exactly). Dabbed with a little vinegar...amazing!!! Servers were also very nice and helpful in describing all the oyster options. Definitely recommend if you're an oyster lover!Based on the other reviews it appears that I had a positive experience here only because I did not try the oysters. I visited once and had the fried shrimp and scallop basket. The service was a little slow but I was part of a conference group and there were tons of people in Reading Terminal Market so that is to be expected.Came here for lunch while touring Philadelphia. The staff was friendly and knowledgable about the menu. I decided to get the New England Clam Chowder that was served with sherry and oyster crackers. The chowder was of the right thickness and did have visible clams in it along with potatoes and other soup necessities. The sherry added a nice additional layer of flavor to the soup. Having had many clam chowders, this was slightly above average, but would definitely be comforting on a cold day. I would definitely go back to Pearl Oyster Bar and try some of the other things off the menu like the oysters, seared scallops, and Maryland Crab Cakes.This has become my favorite breakfast place. The service is quick and friendly. The food is absolutely amazing. My personal favorite is the crabcake Benedict, but I have yet to have a bad dish. 
With how packed they get, you would think the food would take a while...But that is even extremely speedy. The biggest issue is fighting the crowd to get a seat!!!!!
If you come to Reading Terminal Market and don't eat here....you're truly missing out!I popped into Reading Market as I was heading out to the airport.  Albeit I was disappointed that they wouldn't serve the breakfast item STILL ON THEIR BLACKBOARD, I had a great bowl of cioppino.  The only thing this place needs is REAL PAPER napkins not these tissues for wiping a cat's nose.  Service was great.  Need fried clams with the BELLIES and I'd be all set.Phenomenal food, great service and reasonably priced. Plus you get waitress service and in the market that is a huge plus.This is a great spot in the market, great people, and as fresh as it gets.   Went recently and had a few dozen oysters, great selection, and nicely presented and quick. Their menu is concise and really solid to go along with their great raw bar.
There are definitely a few dishes i will go back and try including their diver scallops with red quinoa and their oyster slider sandwich.   Definitely a spot worth stopping and exploring.Went to the Reading Terminal Market in Philly where there are tons of different foods to choose from.  Glad I opted for Pearl's Oyster Bar.  It's like an old fashioned lunch counter, with bar stools.  There are also a few tables but we ate at the counter.  We received almost immediate service.  They have a variety of raw oysters from east and west coast.  I chose to have my oysters fried though I do love raw ones.  For some reason I only want to eat them raw in the evening with a cocktail.  There is no alcohol at this bar but you can buy beer at another part of the market and bring it to Pearl's.  My lunch consisted of about 6 fried oysters, all a nice size (not too big and not too small).  They were very good, not overdone.  They came with fries and coleslaw. The French fries had a crispy coating which was very tasty, even the coleslaw was above average.  My husband had the crab cakes which he said were OK but didn't rave about.  I'd definitely go back for oysters again.Stick with the oysters and NE Clam Chowder.  This place has a great location and some solid dishes.  Still, this is not Boston, Maine, or Newport.  I would have to rate this as a typical tourist joint.  Still the food is satisfactory, just nothing inspiring.  My recommendation:  It needs a true signature dish!  Food is about creativity, innovation, and quality.  This place is strictly middle of the road.In reading market, altijd plaats om te zitten, vriendelijk personeel. Genoeg keuze voor iedereen, hamburgers maar ook oesters, geen alcohol te verkrijgen.