Absolutely wonderful food & service! Go there for lunch/dinner with my boyfriend at least once every two weeks. Prices are very much reasonable. Weekends get pretty packed so may have to wait a little bit but that's never an issue for us. Always get the Indian Pancake & the Hainanese Chicken or Curry Chicken. Other dishes are delicious as well. Never get tired of it!I've been coming to this place for years now, and even though I now live in Colorado, I come back here every time I'm in Philadelphia for work (which is often). I've tried many items on the menu and many were great, portions are generous, and prices are low. My go to item - Indian Mee Goreng, I can eat that every day of the week if I could, it's that good. Maybe one day I can get the recipe from the manager so I can actually do that on days I'm in CO.I always walk pass this place but decided to finally give it a try because of the reviews and the price. Overall, as someone already stated they have great apps but the entrees are left to be desired.
Considering each entree costs ~$8, you get what you pay for. I ordered the Pad Thai and it was bad. Way too sweet with no spicy kick to it. We also ordered the Seafood Crispy Noodles, Pearl Noodles, and a Beef rice dish. All were really mediocre. The Indian pancakes and chicken satay apps were great though. Idk why the entrees were so lackluster. I'm sad I didn't enjoy it more but I'm glad the total was cheap for a night out.The Penang chicken with the chicken flavor infused white rice will always be one of my favorite meals. Wether in Boston or in Philly, the quality is the same and I am a huge fan. When we came in the line was very long but surprisingly we were sat in about 15-20 minutes. The service was fast from start to finish so I didn't have to wait long before I could start eating the juicy amazing chicken. I was planning on getting an order to go to drive back to Virginia to eat but that seemed greedy so I didn't. I regretted that decision the second I got back home so next time, I will be greedy!Malaysian cuisine isn't something I'm very experienced in.  Nice, clean atmosphere with good service and what's here isn't bad at all.  A little too strongly salted for my tastes, but perhaps that's just the way it is?  Way too much sodium for me, but perhaps I can ask them to go light on the salt next time.  The oyster omelet was a little too greasy as well.  Extensive menu and vegetarian friendly.  Everyone can probably find something they like here.Never had Malaysian food before eating here, but it's extremely good.  Roti canai was an excellent appetizer, almost better than the breads at dedicated Indian restaurants.  The noodle dishes are also delicious.  Atmosphere was great; I'll be back soon.I once had an allergic reaction to stealthy hidden carrots when I told the waiter that I didn't want carrots in my food.
Other than that, it was yummy, but I think that the food really doesn't match the atmosphere and decoration of the place.Food is so-so for specializing in Malaysian cuisine.
Service can be rude at times... if you really want Malaysian food try Banana Leaf around the corner and save yourself the agony of tipping on poor service.One of best Thai, Malaysian , Chinese food in Philadelphia . Ecnomical, fresh, nice service, quick and efficient staff . Trendy, you would see a lot of hippy crowd, sometimes gets noisy- nice hosts, better staff- English is a little bit issue with the staff- 
It's in the heart of Philly ( Chinatown ). 
Been here many times, I recommend it. Try their tea at the beginning which is free of charge.
Update : 6/17/2017. Staff was pushy, came thrice if we are done with the food- they just want you to leave as soon as possible. May be this is common in Chinatown -Excellent Malaysian Chinese cuisine. All entrees were excellent and served piping hot. Servers were very friendly and highly efficient. My wife and I had just visited the real Penang in Malaysia and this restaurant serves authentic dishes of the same quality. 
Especially recommend the roti pancakes and the various noodle dishes. Best of all, prices are very reasonable for such a great meal.Very accommodating!
I say this because I ate here last week, which was not to long ago, for a friend's birthday. There were about 7 of us, total. I called twice to change the reservation time, and they were very polite about it.
We were worried about not being able to eat here because we found out one of my friends has a peanut allergy. Knowing the way Asian restaurants work, a lot of them use peanut oil or peanut products in their food.
Three people that worked there came up to our table to listen to our orders to make sure that they got it right, and to omit any peanuts in the dishes. I believe one of them might have been the manager. If that isn't good service, I don't know what is!
We ordered the roti canai (indian pancake), shrimp puff, young chow fried rice, hainanese chicken, sizzling beef, shrimp pad thai, deep fried shrimp with ginger soy sauce.
The roti is probably their most famous dish. Once you try it you'll know why. As soon as we sat down I asked if we could order an appetizer to start (since everyone was hungry and it was already 8pm). She asked if I wanted roti and how many, before I could even ask what I wanted. How'd she know? Two please!
The shrimp puff was so delicious! I'm warning you though to let it sit for a bit and give it 5 minutes. It is served HOT and WILL burn your tongue. The sauces tend to squirt out into your mouth as soon as you bite into it, which is no fun when it's extremely hot! Wait it out and you'll thank me later. The sauce was a nice touch to the shrimp puff. Very cohesive appetizer. You should definitely try this one.
Fried rice was average, as any Asian restaurant's fried rice is.
Hainanese chicken was very different ... never had anything like it. It's completely baked but served at room temperate so it gives off the feeling that it's being served "cold". It's actually pretty good with the soy sauce (which is served under the chicken) if you can get over the way it looks and the cold texture. We we're actually served a piece that was still blue and looked like a cyanotic chicken extremity which turned me off completely, even being in the medical field. Shivers. We decided just to set it aside and remove it so we wouldn't have to look at it anymore.
The sizzling beef was absolutely.. FORGETTABLE. Do not get this dish. It lacked flavor, and did not come out sizzling. Womp, womp.
The pad thai is also just an average dish. Nothing too special going on, probably would not get it again since I could get better pad thai elsewhere.
Now I saved the best part for last.. the deep fried fish! It normally comes with other sauces, but we requested to do a simple ginger and soy sauce. This is the best fried fish, ever! We all couldn't get our hands off it and fought for the last morsel! Main reason it was so good was because it was so crispy! Good to share due to it's size. Fairly big. I would totally go back for this.
Parking could be difficult during the weekend due to it's location, so try an odd weeknight. Like say, a thursday.Best wonton mee soup!! The only con is they don't give you your change back, they automatically assume your going to give them all your change. I just think they should ask if you want change back. Other than that everything is great the food is great the atmosphere is great!Be very wary of using credit cards here - unscrupulous activity in the backroom. This review is not for the food which is excellent. I have never had but positive experiences at Penang regarding the food - excellent dishes. Last night ate at the restaurant with two friends. Had two excellent appetizers - Roti Canai and chicken/beef sticks. For our main courses we had the pad Thai and another chicken dish with rice. Waiter came by with the bill and I handed him my credit card. Seemed to take a longer time than usual even though they were not overwhelming busy. I was not able to see where the waiter took my credit card to - though it appeared to travel through a back door alongside of the kitchen area. The check comes back fully processed, I add a tip and almost immediately (within the next 5 minutes - I kid you not) I receive an email warning from Capital One (on my cell phone) notifying me of a fraudulent charge for $348.51 at a Royal Farms / Fresh Kitchen (Gas station & convenience store) down at Ridley Park, PA close to the airport. How can I be in two places at once? Created a red flag across Capital One servers. Word of caution - use cash if coming to Penang.Went here this Friday and had Rendang. Okay food (worth the price). Horrible service. Servers took turn to rush us by constantly asking if we were finished while we clearly were not. When we were done, we had separate checks. One friend tipped 10% for it and had a female server chased us down outside and COMMANDED (exact words: "COME HERE!" with a frown on her face) my friend to come back inside and QUESTIONED her with rudeness why she didn't tip 15%. My friend who used to work at a country club didn't even bother to explain to her what is actual serving. By this time, I was truly regretful for tipping at all. Don't get me wrong, the food is not bad, but not worth the service that we had. We would never visit this place again.I gave the Philly location of this chain a chance for dinner.  Service was a little slow (we had a lot of waitstaff milling around us, but no one took care of us unless directly asked), but larger portions were worth waiting for - 3 entrees dishes would have been more than enough for the 4 of us.  
I tried the Indian Mee Goreng with beef substituted for shrimp and enjoyed the wok-y flavor and the super-tender beef. Get a table near the kitchen to see one guy swing dough around his head endlessly to make the thin, light Roti bread (which is a pretty good appetizer option).Mediocre food with good services. However, I had to wait over 20 minute for my food since appetizer and it kills my appetite. It would speed up the process more if the chefs in the open kitchen would get down to cooking instead of checking their phones for texts from grandma.One of my faaaaaav places in Chinatown.  Mango chicken is good, chicken satay, the pancake stuff, and my absolute favorite dish is the beef and flat noodles dish - forgot the name... and of course, the thai iced tea.
Although it gets packed on the weekends, the servers get you in and out pretty quickly.  You feel a bit rushed...but I don't mind so much since they sat me quickly and brought out the food in record-breaking time.The food is amazing here! Would highly recommend the chicken satay, roti canai, mee goreng noodles, and beef rendang! 
The only downside it is not BYOB, while most other places in Chinatown are. The food doesn't always come out right on time but service is decent!Loved Penang during my time in Boston, so I was excited to see one in Philly's chinatown! Quality of the food was about the same too. The menu is fairly diverse, and offers a variety of thai, malaysian, indian and chinese dishes. 
Definitely try the roti canai, probably the most ordered item in the restaurant. You get a huge blanket of roti, wrapped artfully into a sculpture. It is only a couple millimeters thick and strikes a perfect balance between crispiness and chewiness. It goes great with the accompanying curry sauce, which also contains some pieces of chicken and potato. 
I also tried out the indian mee goreng on my most recent visit. It certainly had a lot of taste and went well with the other dishes I ordered, but a warning that there is a strong seafood taste (they use dried squid sauce).
Another favorite of mine is the beef rendang. The beef is super tender and the curry sauce it is cooked in is delicious - tastes of coconut milk and lemongrass, with hints of cinnamon. Order a bowl or two of rice to go with this!
Finally, I would order the spareribs malaysian style. These pork shortribs are lightly fried, but the meat is juicy and goes really well with the accompanying sweet and sour sauce! 
Service overall is quite good and the food comes out at a reasonable pace. This place does get crowded though!DISCLAIMER: this review is limited exclusively to my single experience last night eating prawn mee noodle soup at Penang.
Review: this dish was admittedly very fishy, which I was generally okay with. It almost tasted like the restaurant added fermented shrimp paste or something similar. That's also not an issue, in itself. However, it is now 8pm, and I have still not yet left my hotel room since getting back from Penang last night. I'm currently having the absolute worst food poisoning experience of my life.  According to my primary care physician, aka WebMD, it is likely that I have some form of aggressive salmonella food poisoning.
The other dishes looked good, and I'm sure the prawn mee is typically not vomit/diarrhea-inducing, but i hope this issue is addressed promptly.Always loving this place..been coming there for more than 10 years...always had good service and good food,love their satay tofu and seafood scrambled egg chow fun...no one compares theirs..!!Even though I believe it is the same owner as banana leaf, I like penang much better. Their food is pretty good and the waitresses are nice. This place can get pretty busy. But it's a must try!Decided to try this place out instead of my usual Philly staple on Arch Street: Cali Pho. I ordered way more than I could eat because I really wanted to try something new.  Frog is on the menu by the way, but I chose two fantastic appetizers: Baby Oyster Omelet and Squid with watercress.  Fantastically delicious and the serving was big enough to be a meal.  The problem for me came with my entree: Java Mee, a soup with shrimp, shrimp cakes and noodles.  It was so thick with sauce it was more like a stew and then the tomato sauce (it was mostly red) was so over-whelming I really couldn't decipher the taste of the soup or it's ingredients.  A real shame, and a real let down after the great appetizers.  I would still recommend the place, as it was clean, service was good, and food brought out quickly.  Lost a star for the bad soup though.  However, I plan a second visit to try their pancakes which I saw being made and it looked like a fun tasty dish.  A lot of their dishes are definitely visually very appetizing.At first I was not happy about how long it took for our food to come. However, the manager and wait staff were great and did the best they could but ultimately it was worth the wait. Omg! The food was absolutely delicious!!!!!! Quite possibly some of best the Asian cuisine I have ever had and my God what a cheap eat. It came to $23 for two. I had some spicy curry beef dish with coconut rice and I was in heaven. Whenever I'm in town this will be a definite go to and a serious recommend for out of towners.Let me start by saying that the food was was a solid 4stars.  Portions as well.  I enjoyed my basil chicken while my date had peppered beef which was a tad bland for my liking. The only reason for not giving this place 4 stars was the service.  We didnt receive our waters until the entrees came and the waitress was generally unattentive. Also a bit odd was that rice must me ordered as a side. Southeast Asian food without rice??? Never heard of sucha thing. But Everything considered, it is worth a try.The food was okay and the price was reasonable but the service was very rushed. We were constantly asked to order quickly or if we were done. That was a big minus, rushing us to our food.Oh my gosh was this delicious. Byo too fellas ;-) I got the green curry chicken which was really wonderful and my boyfriend's beef chow fun (i think it was) was the best noodle dish weve ever had. So much flavor! Everyone that got a noodle dish here struggled past the full point to eat it all because it was too good to leave. 
We also got roti, chicken satay, and dumplings which were all great too. Dumplings were all stuck to the plate which was disappointing but everything was so delicious otherwise. 
Prices were cheap with atmosphere being nicer than you'd think. Service was a tad rough but the language barrier was the source of the struggle. Hey they make some damn good noodles.This is, by far, the best Malaysian restaurant I've been to. I LOVE their roti canai. The roti is a crispy style pancake that resembles a crispy flour tortilla and it comes with a brown dipping sauce with curry chicken (with bone) and potatoes. My boyfriend introduced me to the place and I came back with a friend from Malaysia to see if he approved, and he loved! I'm not fond of spring rolls so for those who like them, my boyfriend recommends along with the pad thai. My Malaysian friend recommends the mango shrimp, which is shredded mango cooked with shrimp and spicy sweet & sour sauce in a big mango shell. I recommend the boneless chicken curry. This place has wonderful and quick service, and the prices are cheap for the amount of food they give you. If you go to the D.C. Penang, I am warning you, the quality is not the same. I'd give that one a 2/5.OK. This is hard to rate because I have eaten at Rangoon and Banana Leaf (Same genre of food... kind of) and out of the three this is my least favorite mainly because the food was mediocre in flavor in comparison and the atmosphere just felt more like a production line versus a nice relaxed place where you can sit and enjoy yourself. It almost felt like they want you in and out in 30 minutes or less so that they can get the next customer in. Put it this way, if I didn't know about banana leaf and Rangoon I would probably rate this place a little higher but the beauty about competition is that you get rated amongst your peers and not in a vacuum. Good food but if you're looking for malaysion type food go to banana leaf.I can't believe I haven't review Penang yet! I love this place. It's a a very popular Malaysian restaurant that offers pan-Asian food from Indian to Chinese. You can find something that will impress anyone's taste with their extensive menu. Pricing is great for the huge amount of food in an entree. I especially like the roti with chicken curry and chicken chow fun. The food is very flavorful and there is ample seating despite always being very busy. Sometimes the staff is less talkative than would be preferred but that's because they're so busy. I get takeout from here regularly and it's always ready within 10 minutes. 5/5I've been here a couple of times and I really enjoy the food here. 
I always get the roti canai but I tried the roti telur which is an upgrade that is a bit more filling (I just really love the curry). I really enjoyed the crispy pork intestines and mee siam which were new dishes that I tried. Definitely recommend the kang kung belacan which is a vegetable dish!
Our server was attentive and overall I enjoy coming here.Great place to get some somewhat authentic ethnic food. Lots of seating, decent service, definitely great for a casual meal.So this was my first restaurant that I tried when I came to Philly for the first time. Their roti canai is the best that I've ever tried, that curry is soooo good! Their fried calamari is my sister's favorite here and it's decent for me. I love their kangkung balancing because it's the exact same one that I had back in Indonesia(I was born in Indonesia). Their rendang however doesn't match my tastebud. Their Indian mee goreng is so good! Also I have a little trouble with the peanut sauce that they serve, it's too sweet. Their coconut rice is just like regular white rice. Their service isn't the best for me but still okay. Probably clean the place a little bit more? The third time I came it was like dirty, like super dirty. And I heard a customer complained about finding a fly inside their dish so that's kind of disappointing for me. But I'll come back for their roti canai.Not an expansive menu, but for what this restaurant does offer it pulls off with success. Very much recommend the roti chanai.A friend of mines from work had visited Penang and let me taste the food she brought to work the next day. I fell in love with the taste. Has to experience a whole plate for myself. So we decided to have dinner that weekend.  When I first walk in I was pretty impressed with the look. It's a mix of cozy yet somewhat modern. I had the roti (indian pancakes) and they were absolutely delious. It was so good! The curry that came with the roti was so rich and full of flavor. As an entry I ordered the curry tofu with mixed vegetable shimp and rice. It good, but not as good as I expected it to taste. All and all I had a good experience.  The food is good and the atmosphere is nice.Disappointing. After reading the reviews on Yelp I decided to go. Starting with the roti appetizer, there was literally one piece of potato and one piece of chicken that was mostly bone. 
The pad thai noodles were no longer than than half an inch long, and tasted like they were cooked in butter and not much else. 
The service was horrendous, periodVery good. Inexpensive and flavorful. Must try if in Chinatown. 
Must have:
Appetizers - Homemade Roti Canai (Indian Pancake) - Crêpe like with chicken curry dipping sauce. Amazing!
Entree - Thai basil noodleGreat Thai / Malay / Indo food. Excellent service and humorous workers. The food never fails!The food here is amazing but is completely tarnished by the terrible waitress. If 0 stars was an option I would have selected that considering that the waitress attempted to murder my friend. The orders began as normal with myself and my friends informing the waitress that someone in our group is severely allergic to cucumber and that none of our dishes can contain cucumber. She said "okay, the beef dish contains cucumber so do you want it taken out?" We said "yes". The first order of dishes came out without cucumber and all was fine. The second order of dishes did not go well as cucumber was included on the dish. We asked the bus boy to take the dish back and he said he would have to get the waitress who came back and yelled at us that we did not inform her of a food allergy. She continuously yelled stating "you ordered it like this", "I only brought what you ordered", "you get what you asked for" and proceeded to get closer to my friend and yell in her face while my friend calmly tried to explain that we said we cannot have any cucumber on the table. She took the plate and then had the bus boy bring it back without cucumber. Given the severity of the allergy, we moved the plate to the opposite of our friend. We were unsure if the plate was taken back and just replated without cucumbers and felt that anaphylaxis wasn't worth it. After yelling, she refused to come back to our table the rest of the night and sent bus boys to take our requests. If you or anyone here has any food allergy, it's not worth the risk because even normal forewarning is useless here and if you try to clear up any misunderstanding the waitress may yell at you like they are from WWE. The busboys deserve all the credit for making the night salvageable as they were attentive, courteous, and on top of it.I stumbled upon this place thinking it was just Chinese food, but it's actually Malaysian. It was actually a pleasant surprise because that's one of my new favorite types of cuisine!
I devoured the Roti Canai in record time. The people around me looked a little scared, but I couldn't resist! It was delicious.
I had some chicken entree that was pretty good, and then I had the fried ice cream for dessert. Oh my goodness, it was amazing. I'm salivating as I type.
My waitress was a lovely lady that was very engaging and attentive. And I loved the fact that they give you free tea. It was perfect for a rainy evening.
I'll definitely be back here on my next trip to Philly!Nice ambiance and decor.  The food was average.I've been here a few times now and the food is consistently delicious. The satay chicken is cooked perfectly with the peanut sauce adding a great spicy touch to the app. 
As far as entrees go, the Indian mee goreng is one of my favorite dishes at this restaurant, very tasty but not too spicy. I am a huge fan of pad thai, and Penang's is pretty good, but compared to some of the other entrees, such as basil chicken, lacks a little protein for the price. 
Still would recommend Penang to anyone looking for something different, as it has become a good spot for a low key occasion or quick trigger nice night out for us.This was my first time at a Malaysian restaurant. Although I'm pretty familiar with Asian food I realized Malaysian dishes are different than I had experienced. My husband had the Malaysian curry and it was AMAZING. Nothing like I've had before. Very different , flavorful, aromatic and complex. I ended up stealing half of his! I ordered the pearl clay pot noodle bowl. I wasn't crazy about it but I guess because  I was expecting different. I do believe this dish was very good and it was my own issue. The noodles were very thick and the broth quite heavy.  It was not my favorite but I'd go back to try many more items on the menu. This place is obviously very authentic.It was pretty full when I went like always. The food was pretty tasty, albeit a bit on the salty side. The service on the otherhand was rather mediocre. We didn't receive a menu when we first entered and had to call multiple waiters. We had to wait a long time for our food while people around us got theirs already. Although I understand that it was very busy, they pretty much ignored us with no apologies at all.We were in the mood for some Malaysian food and stumbled upon Penang! We ordered the beef rendang and mango chicken. They were meh. Just ok. Nothing special. The beef rendang was so chewy and dry and the mango chicken  looks pretty on plate but it was way too saucy and oily! We couldn't finish it for that reason because we didn't want to end up reaching for bottles of water afterwards. Also  there were def more mango slices than chicken. Was totally not worth the $$ and def suggest to not order this!Our friends who frequented this restaurant for several years during college who now live in LA introduced us to this place. We were really excited to try this place based on their feedback about this establishment. 
We came in on a Saturday night, but fortunately early enough in where we were seated before the rush arrived. 
We ordered;
Roti Canai
Mee Siam
Crispy Spicy Squid
Steamed Bass With Ginger Sauce
Chicken With Vegetables On Fried Taro
I'm not sure the name of the last dish we ordered, but it was a stir fry combinations of chicken breast and vegetables then set on a round fried bed of Taro root. 
Everything was delicious. My favorites were the Taro Root entree, Roti Canai and Mee Siam which to me was a cross between Filipino Pansit and Thai Pad Thai. The Roti Canai was prepared perfectly and accompanied with a chicken and potato yellow curry that was on point. The spicy squid was decent. The steamed bass wasn't very fresh. Additionally, it was very skinny and the sauce was just ginger. There wasn't any scallions or flavor as expected from the menu description. 
I would definitely return but not order the steamed fish with ginger and squid. I'd like to try more of their curries which seem really good here!
Service was good. Not the best but good enough.
Prices can be a little high but the food is well worth it.
Atmosphere is nice and clean.Great place! Came here based on the reviews and was definitely not disappointed. If you're confused on what to order, look through the pictures that people have posted- they helped me to decide. The food came out quickly and was just as delicious as it looked. I'd suggest coming here with a couple of friends and splitting a few plates family style so you can experience a lot of what they have to offer.BYOB, $10 corking fee. They accept credit card. Pretty sure its the same owner as Banana Leaf because both places are really similar. Large amount of seating and really big menu. Good mix of Malaysian, Chinese, and Thai. I think one of the most hyped things here is their Roti Canai, which reminds me of a really light Chinese pancake served with a curry for dipping. In addition, their tom yum soup is really solid, and offers a nice bit of spice for your meal. Chow Kueh Teow was like a seafood Chow Fun, and super tasty. Really great family-style restaurant. Fast seating and solid food.One of the best Malaysian cuisine in Philly...  The Roti-Canai is simply amazing and so is the chicken fried rice.. don't forget to ask for hot sauce (green chilly in soy sauce) with it... Just the Best...Was staying at the nearby Hilton Garden Inn and swung by here based on solid Yelp reviews (plus it's about 500 yards from the hotel, which helps.) Was looking for someplace delicious, with ambiance that hit that precise balance between not-a-hole-in-the-wall/for-sure-not-romantic that's required for dinner out with my boss while we're both here on travel. Success! Definitely not a date, plus it was super tasty.
Roti Canai, like everyone says, is delicious. Imagine a crepe that is crispy and moist at the same time (I know this is contrary; just take my word for it;) super rich, almost gravy-like chicken curry to dip it in.
Also ordered a noodle dish (it was #10 on the rice/noodles section, cannot remember the name) with glass noodles, shrimp, tofu, and boiled egg. Not exceptional, but very tasty and a nice level of spice. Tried the mixed satay, as well, which was exceptional-- the lamb and dipping sauce were both super flavorful. 
A totally serviceable meal and ambiance that was exactly what I was looking for. Yay Penang!This used to be one of my favorite places to eat. I have been coming here with my family for over 10 years. The food is usually great and the staff is quick. HOWEVER, we went last night to celebrate my brothers graduation and ALL of our seafood dishes had rotten shrimp in them. My brother is not very food conscious but even he pointed out that the shrimp had a bad taste. My mom and I tasted the shrimp from all the seafood dishes and had to spit it out. She told the waiter and sent back a few pieces for the chef to try, only for the waiter to come out and say that the chef didn't taste anything wrong with it and the best he could do was take 20% off our bill. We weren't looking to get any discounts, we were simply trying to make the staff aware of the rotten shrimp. My mom was mostly concerned about the chef's judgement. She has been in the restaurant industry for decades and was appalled when the chef said he didn't taste what was wrong. Those of us with seafood lost our appetite and left with our plates still full of food. Money and time wasted. Not sure if we will be returning, such a shame considering this was a staple restaurant for us :(I was a bit torn on my rating for Penang. Could have gone 3 or 4. I went with 4 because of the roti canai. It was awesome. Outstanding flavor, very unique. I could have mopped up two or three bowls of it. 
The masak chicken was average. Not great, not bad. That is why the dispute between stars. I think I just ordered the wrong thing for my liking. 
Table next to me had the striped bass with black bean sauce and it looked amazing. I asked and they said it was. 
I look forward to coming back to try different dishes as I think you can find a variety of flavors to choose from and just have to learn what you like.This place has the worst service and the food is highly overrated. Their fried ice cream for example is simply a big ball of dough with no actual ice cream. Getting water is not easy, they have mastered being rude and giving people dirty looks. Go to banana leaf or any of the other establishments in China town. Will be much more worth your while.A great place to enjoy Malaysian and Thai foods. The restaurant is spacious and comfortable. The service is excellent. For the food, it is super especially the curry dip with bread. Definitely we will come back again.Some friends took me here back in November. I would love to go back.  The Mango Shrimp was on point!  The sweet to spice ratio was just right.  And it was actually served inside of a mango which really turned me on.  For dessert we shared the fried ice cream...very very delicious.  Never had fried ice cream before.  Looking forward to that again.
It was a Friday night and the place was packed but we didin't wait that long to be seated (approx. 10-15 minutes).  The kitchen area is open for your viewing pleasure.  The food came quick enough.  They allow you to bring your own bottle and if you are celebrating a birthday or something you can bring your own cake.  Not sure if there is a cake cutting fee though.
Also I had a bite of my bff's Roti Canai...the reviews are accurate...very tasty.Fantastic place!!!
Indian pancake was so tasty, as was the chicken satay. The tea provided was also delicious.
The restaurant was super busy but the service was top notch and we had no complaints, great atmosphere. Would certainly go back again3.5. I love Indonesian food and u will admit the food here is good. The roti canai and spicy squids were both excellent. The chili shrimp was good but could have been spicier. They would have gotten a 4th star if not for the rude and abrupt server. Almost made us feel unwelcome and a bother. Kind of a shame as I enjoyed the food.The appetizer we tried was the roti canai and it was like watered down indian food with barely any chicken in it. I got the rice dish with ginger duck as my main meal. The duck was soggy and not flavorful. My fiancé got the spare ribs. They were also really bland and maybe needed some salt/spices. I'm not a picky eater at all and love all different types of dishes. The food here was actually just really bad.My brother and I have eaten in and ordered take out from this place multiple times.  A few weeks ago, when we ordered 2 chicken on rice dishes to go, we were told that we couldn't have dark meat for both.  So, I opted to have dark meat on one and white meat on another.  We were told that the restaurant can have half white and half dark meat on each rice.  That would be fine, except, when I opened the box at home, I was pretty sure I got half portion of dark meat and no white meat on my rice.  I like their food, but this just makes me very unhappy...  I will probably go there a lot less often from now...I LOVE this place. The food is great and now they take credit cards! I have been going to this place for 8 years now (I had the pleasure of going for the first time while pregnant) and the staff is really friendly, and my son loves it there as well!This place is an old favorite of mine in Chinatown! 
We always used to go here after shows at the Trocodero near by.  
The decor inside is a neat industrial style type things, but I think they have remodeled a little since the last time I went.
Penang has a huge selection of Malaysian food, you can definitely find something for everyone. One of my favorite dishes to get there is the appetizer of naan and curry dipping sauce. Holy hell it's delicious.
Otherwise I also like the crispy seafood noodles and their curry dishes!
They also give you oranges at the end of your meal (at least they used to, haven't been in some time) !
Go if you're in Chinatown for sure.Very busy, popular and loud.  Place is a little dingy for the prices. Not much atmosphere. $5 beers, main dishes $ 16-26.  Food was just OK. We ordered 5-6 plates of food and there was nothing I had I would want again. $16.50 "Fried chicken" ended up being a bunch of thin chicken fingers hot spicy sauce. Not good especially for the prices.  Could have gone to Mickey D's for same.  Hate that they tack on the tip for you and put a spot for an additional tip.  Not impressed. Wouldn't be missing out if didn't come back. Much rather eat at Lee how fuk around corner. Have been to much better around Chinatown. Disappointing.The Char Kuey teow was terrible.  The flat noodles were disintegrated into little oily brown bits and the tofu was dry, semi burnt and greasy.  We left half the dish uneaten. The Mee Siam was Pad Thai basically,  not the Mee Siam I remember from Malaysia.  In general not authentic and poorly done.By far one of my favorite Malaysian spots ! 
Roti Cani is on point the chicken is tender and the potato is soft, the curry isn't spicy just a slight kick. The bbq beef & chicken satay sticks with peanut sauce is amazing ! It's a much try and trust me you will not regret it ! I usually get the prawn mee when I come here it's my go to. The soup base is a little more spicer than other places i've been to but I love it ! They can add a little more veggies and meat into it. Service here has always been great never had a problem.Guess I don't know what I could add to what's already been said.
Roti Kanai was yummy - could have used more than a tiny piece of chicken though (what do u expect for 3 bucks, right?)
The 2 other entrees we had (Mee Siam and Penang Kari Ayam) were good...especially the Mee Siam. The chicken dish (Kari Ayam) I though could have used more of the lemongrass it promised to make the flavors more multi-layered as opposed to the flat peanut flavor we got.
All in all - pretty good for the money but I won't be back. Guess I am not a big fan of ethnic food in a bare-bones setting with less than friendly service. But that's just the snob in me--- so feel free to disregard this review altogether :)It was a Friday night and me and my partner were tired but wanted to try something different and good, didn't want to hassle about parking. So we decided to order something for pick up from Penang. 
We ordered their Indian pancake Roti Canai. Since it was to go so it probably got a little cold, so it was a little chewy and hard to tear off. None the less the curry sauce was fab. The two dishes we ordered were Bean curd Thai style and Beef Rendang. The vegetable Thai dish was great! It left a good aftertaste of spiciness in my mouth, portions were huge, the sauce was a little unhealthy - but what more can you expect when you eat out. I also really enjoyed their Beef Rendang very much, the beef was tender, a little heavy, but sauce was fantastic, again a little oily. 
We also ordered a small size of coconut rice, and that was enough for two. Had leftovers from both our dishes for the next day. 
One thing I do like about this restaurant was that it only took them 15 mins to have our food ready to be picked up on a Friday night. That's a plus! Food was great but leaned more on the expensive side.I love this restaurant.  I wish I still lived in Philly, so I could go more often.  The service is quick and the food is really good.  I like that they serve hot tea and water to start.  I always get the roti canai, the nasi lemak, and the mee siam.  Another good dish is the shrimp and mango.  Their prices have gone up since I initially started going to this restaurant over a decade ago, but they are still very reasonable.Food was cold. 
All components for Nasi Lemak except rice was cold. Like real cold - the cooked anchovies as well.
The thai basil noodles had no flavor. Also all noodles were doused in oil.
Beef rendang was not good.Penang used to be my favorite restaurant after I graduated from college. Since then, I guess my taste buds have changed but I still think of it highly and come back once in a while.
Being in town for a trade show, I went there today for lunch. I ordered two of my favorites: clay pot noodles and ipoh bean sprouts. The clay pot noodles is a big clay bowl of egg noodles, various veggies, calamari, pork, shrimp and eggs in a yummy sauce - somewhere half way between a broth and a gravy. It arrives still simmering at your table so do not touch the pot!! Today, the noodles seemed somewhat undercooked but overall the dish was pretty good. The bean sprouts though were phenomenal as always - perfectly blanched (not soggy or raw) in the special house sauce (a variation of a soy based sauce).
My other old favorites are the mango chicken, which is sweet and somewhat spicy and comes served in the mango shells, and the beef rendang, a curried beef dish where the beef is nice and tender and the sauce is pretty dry. I've also tasted the beef chow fun and it was nice and dry (I don't like gravy gook). My boyfriend loves their cracked pepper crab too...
They have several locations, mainly in Manhattan, but this one in Philly has one of the better menus - they vary. I have yet to try the Penang in Boston, but would love to when the chance arises. Once again, they ONLY take CASH and do not speak good English. You also cannot make reservations and the lines can get crazy sometimes - definitely not a place for a quick dinner meal. I mean, they are VERY quick once you sit down and order - in fact, sometimes I feel a bit rushed, but the wait can be daunting...
So, overall I like Penang and I'd recommend it for a fun meal - especially as a group so you can try a lot of different things. The two reasons why they lost the 5th star is that they don't take credit cards, the service is often rushed and this one older waiter (who I think is one of the managers/owners cause he's been there since the first time I ate there about 8 years ago) is SO rude and unhappy. If he ends up serving me, I always feel totally unwelcome.The last time I went to a Penang was in Boston.  So when I came to Chicago, I was so disappointed that the Penang was closed due to a fire.  Luckily they had a Penang in Philadelphia so I was reunited with delicious Malaysian food!  This restaurant is a chain, but the food is delicious! I cant remember the exact dish that I ordered, but the food had great flavors and not a lot of heat (the appetizer was a curry dip with roti bread). Service was good but hovered a lot.  Plus, the restaurant was not full of people but we felt very rushed.  They were quick to give us the bill but were not quick in settling the bill. Weird.I've been here on multiple occasions and each time my experience has been a hit or miss. I've had the seafood pan fried noodles which were drowning in watery sauce and the seafood was not that fresh. The shrimp are soo small and seems like they are days old. I've had the Prawn Mee noodle soup again the shrimp seemed old and there was nothing Prawnish about the shrimp at all as they were soo small. The slices of pork were extremely tough and the broth was very very fishy. Even the bean sprouts and vegetables seemed old. The stir fried rice noodle with salted fish was just ok. The fried rice with salted fish was pretty good. The Roti Cani is very good as well. I've also tried the fried intestine and oyster pancake both of which were good. The service was always great as the waiter always makes sure to tell us what to expect in the dish so that part I love. So all in all I feel like this place can be so much better if only the seafood and veggies were fresh.Great place! Really crowded at night! The service was excellent. They literally said "we can cook it however you like". The food was good and exotic. Would definitely go back!I've eaten here with colleagues over a dozen times. I've always loved their food! 
Sometimes the servers aren't too polite, but regardless the food's terrific.
It's hard to pick a favorite dish here, but I've always loved the Curried Chicken. One of their appetizers chicken skewers (I forgot the name.. It's the second on the list) is awesome.
I also like their cold coffee.
It's also open pretty late so can be a good place to get take out food.Absolutely love this place. I go there so often I feel embarrassed sometimes. The staff is very attentive and will offer advice on the menu items if you need it. 
I always start with the Roti (and order additional Roti) and the beef and chicken satay. All delicious!!When I visited from out of town, my date took me here. Overall, we had a good experience. It gets pretty packed and cramped in this joint, but I thoroughly enjoyed my dinner.
The laksa dish here was comparable to other superb recipes I have tried. The char kway teow was charred just the way it should be, and they weren't skimpy on their seafod servings!
I would definitely hit this place up again if I was in town.best asian food place in town.
I had to visit philadelphia for 5 days, and i came here more than 6 times to get my food. Their prices are very cheap compared to the food they serve.
I dont know what else to say, because i was there last year and i dont remember too much. I tried more than half of their appetizers, and they were all very great.Currently my fave Malaysian restaurant! I love all the dishes Ive ordered here. It's our second time to dine here today and we got the kang kong, Penang jumbo shrimp, and deep fried squid tentacles. I recommend both the dee fried squid tentacles and the kang kong with shrimp paste as they both taste absolutely good! The Penang jumbo shrimp was a good serving and the sauce was very rich, but I think some people wouldn't like it. I won't order that next time since I like seafood which isn't swimming in too much flavorful sauce. Service here is exceptional except for this one time where our assigned server was overly suggestive in our order choices. Hahaha. Definitely a must-visit!Great food, that's served quickly and always hot, the staff is friendly and informative. I'll return for sure. The roti canai is a must try favorite of mine.I tried the homemade roti canai here and it was just perfect.... loved the food. Will definitely be back to try more dish..Excellent, back to original standards. Roti Canai, Nasi Lemak, fish fried rice and golden fried squid a must. All about service as well and Indra is one of the best servers we have encountered on our numerous visits here, as usually this is what they lack the most with rather rude and unfriendly servers.