I gave this review 2 stars because I came twice to this establishment 2 days in a row and was disappointed both days.We were in Philly for the 2013 NCAA LAX Championships, and needed a quick and good breakfast before the games. The Penrose diner exceeding our expectations for breakfast. The coffee was good and never ending, the service was quick and the various omelets and egg sandwiches we had were great. For diner breakfast, this is as good as it gets.This is definitely The One - my diner of choice in South Philly.
It's my opinion that you can really tell the quality of a diner by its lunch and dinner offerings, not breakfast.  Breakfast is difficult (though not impossible) to screw up.  My friend and I came late one Saturday night, around 12:30 am.  The hostess and waitress were cheerful and attentive.  The facilities are updated and clean.  My friend ordered breakfast; I decided to break from tradition and order a sandwich.
They got all my additions and subtractions from the sandwich right the first time, AND it was delicious.  I wanted to eat all of it, but got too full due to the plentiful portion.  Fries were crispy and flavorful.  Refills of drinks were prompt.  This is the closest I've come so far to duplicating a true Jersey diner experience.
Score one for Penrose.  Now, if they can do matzoh ball soup, they'll have me for life.Once again, my sisters and I enjoyed a post-flight- into- Philadelphia lunch at the Penrose last week. Service was excellent and our food tasted great. I ordered one of the lunch specials that included dessert. Of course, I chose rice pudding, which completed my meal in the best way possible! Will be back next time I fly into Philadelphia to visit family!Agree with everyone who raves about the French Onion soup. I'll put it up against any 5 star restaurant. It is a must have when I go there. Their salads are also nice.  I like the new look/decor.Great place for breakfast before an event at any of the stadiums. We had breakfast on a Monday morning at 10:00am on Memorial Day. Parking lot was crowded but if your patient spaces come up fast due to the quick turn over inside. The line was out the door and down the walkway, which made us question staying. The line moved very quick and we were seated within 5 minutes, so don't leave even if the line looks long. You could also walk in to check for counter seating which is FCFS. Once inside the diner is huge, very clean and updated. Waitress greeted us immediately a provided great service. Huge menu with many great options. Food was great and served fast, especially based on how crowded the place was.   You pay at the counter. Try the scrapple if your not from Philly.Cheese steak fries were amazing!!!! Friendly service and good food. Will definitely return.Got dinner here twice recently and was pretty satisfied. Long menu and the food was cooked well. If you like liver and onions, they have huge portions of perfectly cooked liver, onions, and bacon. I am much happier with their dinner food than breakfast. Nice to see everyone happy and pleasant waitresses.Can't believe I haven't reviewed this place. I'm a regular.  About 20-25 years ago, it was a disgusting pit with horrible food.  Then they re-modeled (I wonder if ownership changed, too?) and has been great ever since.  Obviously, a diner has to excel at breakfast.  Check.
To get five stars from me for non-breakfast times, the food has to be good at other times, too.  That's where the Penrose surprises me.  Their dinners aren't just decent for a diner -- they are actually good. Consistently so.  
The service ranges from average to outstanding -- never bad. 
When I think "What do I need from a diner?", the Penrose comes to mind.  It's better than any of the other South Philly options -- tried 'em all.  If you want to beat them for breakfast, you'll have to visit my neck of the woods (suburbs), and you'll pay a lot more (and the service won't be better).  You won't beat them for dinner at a diner up my way, and you'll pay a lot more for your dinner.My friends and I come here... Often, and late. Features of this diner that some other Philly diners lack:
Semi-secluded back room for us queer folk*
Friendly service
Ample parking
Delicious dessert variety
Cheese whiz. 
* note: this is where we like to sit. I am not saying they put us there for any negative reason. Just to clarify.Went to the diner for lunch, and did not leave hungry!  I got a lunch special for $9 which was a turkey club and a cup of soup.  The soup was crab soup and it was creamy and thick, but not all that good.  The turkey sandwich was huge and pretty good.  The turkey used was the processed kind that has that clear gel looking substance to fill the voids.  It was good and the fries were very good.
The service was friendly and attentative.  It was seldom that my drink was empty.  As far as diner meals go, it was average.If I could give this place 10 stars I would!! The service was EXTREMELY friendly and surprisingly FAST!! We were visiting from out of town, and after checking out of the hotel drove to the diner. The line was out the door and the establishment was packed. We were expecting to wait a while but was seated within 5 minutes. Terri our server was pleasant, patient with my 7 year old and accomodating! The food was quick, hot, fresh and TASTY!!! Can't wait until my next visit.This place has officially surpassed the Melrose as my favorite South Philly diner.  Breakfast is consistently good, and they do dinner right.  They'll even give you a glass of house wine as part of some of the reasonably priced dinner specials.  You can't beat that deal.  And it's much more comfortable than the Melrose, which is cramped for a big guy like me.This diner was amazing! 
The staff is definitely reminiscent of old lady hair salons but in that really awesome, dingy yet charming way. Perfect for drunk times. 
The burgers are huge! Nice, fluffy, extra potato-y steak fries. Perfect drunk food.
Also, that French Toast was amazing I was forcing everyone else at my table to try it no matter how full they were. Seriously, people hated me for attacking their mouths with mounds of its fluffy goodness. I don't remember this so well though. 
Definitely worth the trek out here in future times out.It's really hard for a diner to impress me since I tend to have high standards for everything, but Penrose was pretty darn close to meeting/exceeding them when it comes to diners.
As we drove by around midnight, we noticed everyone on the street appeared to be migrating toward the corner diner. The window booths all seemed full, so we were intrigued. 
I had a really hard deciding since most of their menu consists of comfort food, but ended up getting french toast with ham and eggs. The french toast was unnaturally fluffy and flavorful, played up with some powdered sugar. The slice of ham was slightly browned; totally great.
My friend ordered the chicken ceasar salad and she got a nice sized salad for $10.95.
Our waiter was very attentive; we got everything relatively quickly without feeling rushed.
Definitely a good place to satisfy your nighttime munchies! *
*Friday and Saturday nights. They're only open until midnight during the week!Super friendly people from staff to customers. They are always busy, so go early. Had breakfast their and loved everything we ordered. Have to try their French onion soup, it's one of the best I ever had.Consistently great food and friendly staff. Best place to go for cravings from burgers to chickenparm.I love breakfast, and the Penrose makes a mean breakfast. Portions are huge and service is on point with a side of Philly personality. I'd eat here while sober, and I don't say that about many diners.
Recommended: the disco fries (think Philly/jersey style poutine), the cheesesteak fries (mouth is watering as I type this) and the open face hot turkey sandwich. Oh, and the omelettes. Did I mention I love breakfast?I needed to find a good place to take an out of town guest for lunch near the Holiday Inn, in South Philadelphia.  After searching all over the area, I decided, based on the reviews, to try the Penrose Diner.  It was a very nice experience.  I ordered a hot turkey with gravy & stuffing, with mashed potatoes, with an included veggie choice (I chose succotash).  This had to be the BEST hot turkey platter I've ever tasted.  The stuffing was amazing. The turkey was moist and tender, and the gravy, perfect.  Also, had a cup of soup (included in the price.  I had New England clam chowder, which was perfectly delicious!  Next time I'll get a big bowl, it was so good.   I'm a rather healthy eater and usually can devour anything within reach.  I have to say, I was very filled and satisfied.  (yes, I ate everything)!
The wait staff were all friendly and we will surely come back again.   South Philly is known for great food, and this diner reflects that reputation.Great experience with enthusiastic server, Brooke! With family visiting, we drove easily from the airport.  Happy atmosphere, excellent selection of well prepared food, delicious bread (spice is nice!!), fresh salad and best balsamic dressing!   I really enjoyed the salmon Florentine with perfect green beans.  The bakery showcase is seductive, and we left with lots of tasty treats.  Would be very happy to recommend and return.  Thanks Brooke!Guest leave closer to dawn than I prefer, try to sleep in, but my stomach is rumbling and it demands breakfast stat! Certainly not in the mood for waiting with the cute people, I need nourishment now. Head south my friend, were going to the Penrose. Penrose is a good diner, it serves good portions of good food, nothing fancy, nothing ill prepared. Eggs, french toast, and various breakfast meats served exactly as you expect them, no fusion and no surprise twist. Comforting when its most needed. all the flavors are right, enough cheese on omelet, french toast is moist. 
If it weren't for Johnny, it would have been a a good deal all around. Johnny was the gentleman who was seated behind us, after us. the waitress said to us "give me a few minutes" and preceded to go to Johnny and take his order. After making sure Johnny had coffee and was comfortable, then she came to take our order. Johnny's food came out lickety split, while we waited and waited. Johnny had finished his breakfast before we got our food. The only time the waitress payed any attention to us, was to ask to take away our bottle of Tabasco to give it to another table. I get it, we are in south Philly and I am not a regular. I am polite and a good tipper, and if you had made me feel a bit more welcomed, I might be back on regular basis, but now not so much, unless i am starving and in need of good omelet stat!eh, it's OK. Has definitely change over the years and not for the better. The french onion soup is really good but there's not much else worth mentioning. Breakfast hash browns are like boiled potatoes. Worst fried calamari I ever had. Definitely sticking to the soup if I go back.Ordered the London broil special. Includes 2 veggies. My companion and myself both ordered this. We asked for double broccoli. The waitress just wrote down the order. Saying nothing about our choice in vegetable. When the check arrived we were charged an extra $8.00 for the broccoli. We asked the waitress what the charge was. She said they don't serve broccoli. So she charged us to make it a la carte. We should have been informed that broccoli would be an up charge. We paid extra and didn't receive the vegetables we were entitled to or the included dessert. We didn't argue. We paid. Left me feeling very uneasy about the place. I found this to be a little shady. Food was ok, but I'm pretty sure we won't return. Bad customer service.Wait staff didnt ask if i wanted dessert other than that good food, good service, nice atmosphere, table manners could have been betterThis place was recommended by hotel staff primarily due to it being cost effective. I was very disappointed in the quality of food down to the fountain drink. I mean how can you mess up on soda? I ordered the egg benedict over crab cake. 
My dish was served loaded down with hollandaise sauce so much the entire plate was yellow. The sauce tasted bland and pasty not at all as it should have.  Worst yet when I cut into the eggs they were practically raw with yellow and white yoke. Not poached at all!! I returned this dish to the kitchen and request a basic average waffle. This too was of poor quality it tasted like bread dipped in cooking oil. Rather than return another menu item and to avoid further delay I ate it.  My friend had an egg sandwich on bagel and indicated that it was good but that the home fries (the thing she looks most forward to eating) were nasty and unseasoned. It takes effort to mess up on fried potatoes. 
 I would not recommend this Penrose diner. I have eaten at numerous diners on the east coast and this was the most disappointing one. My experience is that most diners take time and care to prepare their food even when it is a holiday weekend. If in Philly I would recommend doing more research before eating here.  Furthermore, the customer service was just average. 
Perhaps this is a place that only locals can love.This is the best neighbor diner in Philly. My husband and I have eaten here quite often and have rarely had a problem that wasn't fixed right away.  I hope I get the waitress's name right, cause I'm horrible with name, but I believe her name is Myrna.  She was such a delight and so attentive. Not once did I have to ask for a coffee refill. All the wait staff at Penrose are awesome.Been here for breakfast which is good but lunch, ughhhhh.  Cheeseburger should be called the grease burger. Absolutely horrible.  A JOKE.  Took two bites and pushed it away after the quart of grease leaked out.  I officially am DONE.Penrose diner has the absolute best French onion soup in our area, I've tried a couple dozen places and diners and nobody can top their broth! So delicious thank you for the great serviceI love the Penrose probably my most favorite diner in South Philadelphia. Great spot for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. The waitresses are very friendly and always have a smile on their faces. The French Onion Soup is amazing and always full of flavor; a warming comfort food. I also had the Cordon Bleu Panini which was amazing it was served with hot crunchy fries and nice juicy pickle. There was so much on my plate I had plenty of room for leftovers to take with me! If your ever in the area, its a great place to stop in for some great food.If I could leave no stars I would. In town for a meeting and we Went in for brunch with some coworkers heard ok things about this place but when we walked in to be seated we were seated by someone named Lisa M. Let me tell you, We didn't feel welcomed when we first opened the door . Her attitude and appearance made me Alone want to leave but I thought I'd give it a shot. She first tried to cram us in a small booth until one of us asked for something bigger which seemed like such an inconvenience due to her attitude then on top of that I'm not too sure if the lady can count because she shorted us a menu. Needless to say id never recommend or return to this diner again. Lisa M needs to be in the back or better trained with customer services! Such a shame.My go to place to hang out after a late night event at the stadiums. Awesome place to go with friends and hangout or grab a quick meal on the run. Staff is always friendly and service is generally very fast. Hands down one of my favorite diners in the Philadelphia area, and I am a diner fanatic! Make sure you try one of the amazing cinnamon sticks or buns!!The staff was accommodating for a massive number of fans before today's game. They did a great job getting everyone their food quickly. Prices were affordable.Delightful old school Northeastern diner! Waitstaff here is tremendous! True pros. Ate here 3 times over the week and was never disappointed.It's So. Philly. It's a diner.  It's not fancy. It's workmanlike, ample portions, decent prices. Close to the airport and open. Nothing better than a diner breakfast at o-dark thirty. It's like an oasis in the desert.Quite sad really. I.show up at 11:38 pm and the doors are locked. Call and ask and they say they lock.doors 20 minutes before.midnight.I truely wonder if the owner knows they do this. It says open until Midnight on the sign. Since when does open until midnight mean open until 11:40 PM?? I am pretty sure whoever owns this establishment would say that this is not their policy. A major concert going on at the Wells Fargo Center and a hotel across the street and you are the only establishment that serves food in the area and you close early and lie about policy?? Sorry you get one star and that is ONLY BECAUSE I CANNOT GIVE YOU ZERO. We will check tomorrow with management to see if this is actually policy. If it is you need to change your sign to say open until 11:40 PM...Solid, well prepared food.. you can tell the place has been there a long time from the vintage, original sign. And that it's good because the diner itself is very well maintained, clean and comfortable. Stunning bakery case and complimentary breadbasket (my companions vouch for the tastiness.. I am unable to eat grains.) 
Be careful if you're navigating via Google. The diner is on Penrose and 20th and cannot be accessed from the ramp as the directions implied.Love this place!  Whether you want breakfast, lunch, dinner or late night snack this is the place to go!  I have yet to order anything I don't love!  And if you go try the salmon with crab meat!  It is to die for!!  Chicken parmigiana is incredible and huge!  You won't be disappointed.Had breakfast there for the first time.....fast friendly service....had the florentine omelette.....delish, I'm not big on potatoes, however, these were great!!  The pancakes - nice, light and fluffy...next time in Philly I MUST go back!!Good food.  Clean.  Fresh bakery items available.  Staff is always very nice. Sundays around noon are super busy.Service is exceptional !!!! The desserts were average and the main meal lacked any seasoning at all . I got the farmers wrap and it was ok at best. The POTATOES ARE PHENOMMMM !!!! despite the food being average i would patron this place for sure if i was in the area .the BEST diner ever. i'm never disappointed and everyone who works there is so friendly. the food is so good. i love coming hereWent here pretty well intoxicated at about 3 in the morning. Rather than being upset or irritated with having to deal with 3 drunk dudes our waitress was friendly and patient and made sure we had plenty of water. Being for out of town I had to order the Cheesesteak and it was pretty good and certainly sufficient to satisfy the drunkchies that I had going on. Overall, a very good experience and I would certainly go back again.One of the better dinners in Philly. Servers are pleasant. Wait time is decent. Big dessert selection.Great service! Food was delicious!  Waitstaff were super friendly and attentive.  It was a nice atmosphere. Pennrose is still by far my favorite diner! The chicken crocquettes were so wonderful and the bread!! Don't get me started. I love hanging out here.A few years ago I would have sworn that the best Philly diner breakfast came from Broad and Ellsworth, but since they're no longer in business I need to pass the buck to the Penrose.
For years I was an Oregon Diner girl. It is a hop skip and a jump from my house and I always found something to hit the spot, especially in the morning, but lately I have been having nothing but horrible experiences there. The Penrose, on the other hand, is becoming my favorite local diner.
If you can get across the million way intersection without getting killed you won't be disappointed. To be honest I have NEVER eaten anything other than breakfast here so I have to base my judgment off of that.
Only once did we ever get a rude waitress and it is better to sit at the counter, especially on Sundays after church hours. The meals are filling and don't dig deep into your pockets. I have never had to send anything back so that's always a good sign. 
In all it's a great little place, and if we can get our friend Billy to clear his plate then it must be good.Came here after the Phillies game. It's your standard diner food. I ended up getting the nacho fries, which was a massive order and a delicious order of cheesey, chili fries topped with lettuce, tomato, and onion.  I also got a tiramisu, which tasted more like cool whip than coffee heaven.  So the tiramisu was depressing, but the fries were legit.Penrose is the diamond I've been searching for in the Philly diner rough. First off, it is absolutely worth the hike from Center City (if you have a car). We came here on a Saturday morning around 11am and were seated immediately. The space is clean, updated, and has plenty of seating. The menu is HUGE. I decided on a ham and cheddar cheese omelet. Dining Partner had a bacon and American cheese omelet. The home fries that accompanied our omelets were of the shredded variety and were cooked to perfection. To top it off, service was great. Our server was a sweet little thing who kept calling us "dear". I can't wait to come back and try the beautiful desserts in the front cooler.It's a good and popular spot to grab breakfast (or lunch or dinner) in South Philly. So popular, parking is a luck of the draw affair. 
Big menu. Standard diner fare.The food was not only delicious but the portions are humongous!!! The staff was super friendly and they didn't even haggle us too bad considering my husband was wearing his Skins hat.The only reason I'm giving this 2 stars it's because it's pricey. The food and service are good but I don't think breakfast should be 10 bucks for a couple of eggs and a meat, plus a tip your looking at 15 bucks. The owner raised all the prices after remodeling the place. I would recommend coming here, just make sure you have enough cashGreat diner, great atmosphere, great servers. The food items can be a bit pricy, but the quantity of food you receive is quite astounding. The leftovers alone can serve as 1-2 meals!Last week, I partook of a 7 AM power breakfast at the Penrose Diner with a group of business associates.  It was a snap finding a spot in their spacious parking lot.  The dining room is quite spacious, and we sat in the back at a large table.  The coffee was rich and satisfying, and my breakfast platter of scrambled eggs, rye toast and sausage was hot and delicious.  Service was excellent - responsive but not intrusive.  Price was very fair.  Penrose is an excellent diner - check it out next time that you're in South Philadelphia!great googley moogley!! why didn't i go here sooner??!
you know, i have no answer, either.
damn fine diner, with decent prices, funny & more than adequate waitresses and good chocolate milk. hooray!Since I rarely have a good food experience at diners, I was a little nervous when ordering. I chose the rice and chicken soup, and when it arrived, the rice was undercooked, there was no chicken and it was cooler than lukewarm in temperature. When I told the waitress that "I'm sorry, I cannot eat this because......." and she had already walked away with it. So this flushed the rest of my food-confidence down the toilet and I only ordered a tea as a coconut cookie. The tea was good, it was a bag of Earl Grey with a cup of hit water, so it was hard to mess that up.From the ambience, to the food, to the service, this is my new favorite Philly hangout. I can't say enough good things about this place. Oh, AND they have a liquor license!Decent diner, the place is at least very clean. As for the reviews, as diners go, it's nothing more special than your local diner. Food was ok, I had a cheese steak, wife had a turkey burger, and kids had chocolate chip pancakes. Everything was seasoned well, and I'd order the food again if we went back.
Our server was friendly, but she wasn't very attentive. Minor things that she missed is why I'm giving them 3 stars. 
1- forgot one of our requests. I had asked for some ranch for our fries. She came back 3x and never remembered. We didn't try reminding as we were pretty much done eating the first time she came around.
2- didn't refill our waters. These are the basics, so was surprised she neglected to give refills.
3- wasn't very helpful come dessert time. We ordered a decent amount of desert, and figured that'd be worth some attention, but she took longer than it would have taken us to get it ourselves from the service counter.
4- water not refilled still... after desert it's nice to wash everything down with some water, but no luck here.
I'd of thought with how much we spent and how much the tip was for she'd make sure to deliver good service.
Not a bad place, but I'd bet your local diner serves up what your looking for, as this place isn't that special.A busy diner where  some guys looking like wiseguys stood in front, they sit you right away, and throw a plate of slop at you.  Almost stereotypical diner.  
OK, maybe I am exagerrating.  Plates are huge.  Nothing healthy to speak of.  It is the quintissential greasy spoon type place.The French Onion soup is worth writing home about! The freshly breaded fried flounder sandwich is large enough to be a dinner, and quite tasty. At 3:30 in the afternoon, the place was packed. Unfortunately our waitress had a fully packed station and had trouble getting by to see us, but the great food more than made up for it... just be prepared to wait your turn for service. I would definitely come again!What a low-class move. I come here with groups and eat periodically with no problems. Today I am here studying for finals in nursing. We are sitting amongst  14 empty tables. We were getting ready to order paninis when a young guy comes over not so nicely and tells us we are only having coffee and must leave. Not cool.This place was amazing!!!! My boyfriend is still talking about the wings he had there and how he can't wait to go back to Philly for the wings alone. I loved the place as well ... Everything i had was great the only reason i am not giving 5 stars is because the hostess was MIA every time we arrived to be seated ... but as for the food and the rest of the service AMAZING! We didn't eat any place else the entire time we were in Philly!Sadly, my experience at 4:30 am at the diner wasn't very pleasant at all. The food was pretty bad and the service was even worse. 
The positives are that the place is clean and safe at 4 am. With cops both inside and out. I ordered chicken fingers and they were the driest peices of meat I've had in a while.Quintessential South Philly.  "How many, hon, two?" is usually how they greet you, big hair and all.   My husband has been a fan of PR for years..he usually gets breakfast special #1, which is delicious and a bargain.  Today we were there for lunch.  My wedding soup was fantastic, and our bread basket had BANANA bread in it! That sounds strange, but it was yummy!!! If you're looking for a place to dine before or after the Phillie's game, you can't beat Penrose.For Milkshake aficionados... This is Mecca. They also happen to have some seriously awesome hash brown/ home fries. I know that's a weird combo, but that's all I had.Penrose is pretty much your standard neighborhood diner, but when my friend suggested we go here for lunch one day, I must have been in the mood for something other than breakfast, granted that was served all day.  That being said, I opted for a mushroom and swiss burger with fries, and I was quite pleased.  Not to mention our waitress was friendly and attentive.  I would definitely return if I found myself in that part of town again!I had the pork chops. A good portion, perfectly cooked. Great service. This place is a hidden gem!The service here is excellent. Seated right away. Coffee in less than a minute and really decent cup pa joe.  Ordered two eggs over easy and the turkey sausage links. Food arrived in less than 10 minutes. As happy as we were to seee the food so quickly the waiter was impatient that it took so long..lol
It's a great breakfast joint a few minutes drive from the PHL airport. Oh one last thing the toast came out with the food which is important to me.Best scrapple ever!  Now before you turn up your nose, I'm a native South Jerseyan, which means that I love scrapple!  My grandparents used to make it for breakfast, and I remember eating it when I'd spend the night.  So for you out-of-towners who act like it's not good, it is salty, grey, breakfasty goodness - and you don't know what you're missing!
My friends and I stopped at Penrose last Friday night after catching a movie at Riverview.  I had a taste for breakfast food, so I opted for the short stack with scrapple.  The pancakes were HUGE and cooked to perfection.  I don't eat pancakes often, so when I do, I need them to be delicious and these didn't disappoint.  Now on to the scrapple - it was fried perfectly.  So perfectly in fact, that I considered ordering more (it only came with one slice), but I decided not to as the summer is rapidly approaching, and I'm hoping that my waistline will thank me for it.
Definitely my favorite Philly diner!The Penrose Diner is a South Philly staple and yet you will always find patrons from all different areas. They have some of the best breakfast items that I've ever had. The food here doesn't have a beautiful presentation but more importantly it's delicious and the portions are generous. In all of the many years that I have been coming here I have never had a bad experience. The wait staff is always friendly, always professional. The staff conducts itself like the well oiled machine that it is. The food, the atmosphere and the staff will always keep me returning to this gem.I think the main reason I like the Penrose is because I feel like I'm in a Jersey diner, which is a great feeling to have when you are in a diner. I have been here a handful of times now and my experiences have been on the positive side. 
The first time I came here, I ordered two scrambled eggs with toast and hash browns, which was a nice sized portion and was very good. The coffee on the other hand, tasted like it had been sitting on the burner for quite some time as it was cold and stale. 
On my second visit I ordered the meatloaf with mashed potatoes and brown gravy. It too was a good sized dinner and left me full for the rest of the night. Might I also add that the lentil soup was pretty legit. 
We had the same waiter both times - a really nice guy who remembered us from the first time and was extremely attentive and nice. The women at the counter weren't quite as pleasant, but I imagine that they've seen a lot in their day and have developed some pretty tough skin in light of it. 
The Penrose really is a classic diner with classic diner food, so you won't necessarily be getting organic food made from scratch or the nicest people in the world, but you will get a damn good meal and a spoonful of personality.Bad service. I had to shout my order over a table of 6 people to the server on the other side because she wouldn't come around to take each of our orders individually, or even move towards us in the slightest bit.
Several of my coworkers ran out of water and no one ever came around to check on us.
On top of that, they don't have any vegetarian options. No veggie burger, no veggie wrap or sandwich option. WTF? How hard could it be to have One Option.
I will definitely not return. And neither will my coworkers, since we'll all be at a restaurant that actually has something I can eat.What an awesome Saturday morning breakfast!! We didn't have to wait to be seated and, once seated, we were quickly greeted by a very pleasant waitress. She took great care of us and was clearly handling her business. They were so busy but she remained calm and cool. It was a pleasurable experience and the food was great.I went there for the first time yesterday. Myra was great! I had the pumpkin pancakes with bacon, they were also great!!One word, delicious! We decided to have dinner at the penrose this past weekend. The broiled scallops were superb! cooked perfectly! Seasoned perfectly! Delicious! The homemade mac and cheese on the side was delicious as well.  I was very impressed and will most definitely be back again for the scallops. They are a must try!It's your standard diner food, the location is a little bit out of the way and in the middle of nowhere, but the people are always nice and attentive. The parking is usually good here despite having a tiny parking lot and the vibe is less seedy than I've felt with other diners. It's also very clean.Love the diner experience....this place is family orientated and I have never came out of there without my stomach full....the waitresses are friendly..the menu is typical dinner food which I have eaten breakfast, lunch and dinner here.  Even celebrated a few holidays within the past yearsWas pretty disappointed when this place lost our reservation, then tried to blame us for it. (Backstory: we called because we had a large party, were told that the name was taken, and they would expect us at the proper time. When we arrived, they said we had to make it with a manager and whoever guaranteed our table wasn't a manager, so it was somehow something we did wrong and should have known about? An understandable mix up, but they were incredibly unapologetic). 
The food itself is average diner food, I didn't like my salad with salmon; the appetizer plate of fried foods that we had was fine. They have a parking lot, but it is very slow moving and crowded - a woman actually backed into the car of a member of our party while outside, and denied it, causing a whole ordeal.
The saving grace was that we had a great server, and the food came out surprisingly quickly for such a large party. They do get props for that.In the local area and had dinner there with my son.  Location is easy to get to relative to the southern Philly area.  Facility is very nice, service was efficient and there was food aplenty. Would recommend for families and large group gatherings. Very pleased we came here, save room for dessert, their desserts are phenomenal.My friend & I were looking for somewhere close and good to eat. Penrose Diner answered our call! Even with the small crowd that developed, we were seated fast.  Drinks came out fast also. My friend ordered bacon, scrambled eggs, & homefries.  I had the Italian sausage breakfast.  Our food arrived and it quickly became apparent why the diner was crowded!  My sausage had great flavor.  The eggs came as ordered. My friend couldn't even finish her meal. The reason?  THE HOMEFRIES!!! These potatoes were great.  Just enough of a char to add character to the meal.  Penrose Diner's typical in what they offer but their food & service sets them apart.  If you can, sit in Myra's section, she's outstanding!went to the Penrose for breakfast this morning. nothing like diner food on a chilly, Philly Sunday morning had the standard breakfast it was great, coffee was great service the same, there is sill a place for establishments. love it !!Ate here twice in two days. Dinner I had burnt liver and onions - one star. Breakfast was good had the greek omelet. Friendly, but loud wait staff. 
Priced good.