Continuing on my quest for the best "brunch burger" I tried The Perch Pub's "Wake and bacon which features a toasted bun, a 1/4 lb patty, one egg over easy and bacon jam. The perch put on a valiant effort, but is not the best by far. They get points for a rare burger actually coming out with a cold red center but it would have been better with real bacon instead of the bacon jam in my opinion. 
Aside from the burger the bar was packed but the waitstaff was quick and very attentive! Our drinks were strong and came out quickly. The view of broad street is awesome - I will come back for a late night meal just to see it all lit up!The atmosphere is great.  Loved the music!!   The app was delicious and came out quickly.   The main was my favorite the grilled meatloaf.   It was perfect with the free beans and Mac and cheese a great comfort food combination.  I also got the Key lime cheesecake which was a great finish.  Happy I made it to this gem!The first time here was a great experience, my second was so bad I will never be returning. 
We'd stopped in here for after work drinks and dinner before and it was great. The server was nice and they allowed us to take advantage of happy hour drinks in the restaurant since we were ordering food( and our group was way too large to fit in the small bar area). 
The second time round there were only four of us and we sat in the bar area. The bartender was not very nice. She would take my order, find someone else's order to take and serve them their drinks, and a few minutes later would come back forgetting what I had ordered. After ten minutes I would finally get my drinks. Rudeness I can tolerate, but what has put me off from coming back here is that we were overcharged THREE separate times at the bar, purposely I believe. The second time I was overcharged by a couple of dollars the total came to $13, I gave the bartender $15 and she never returned with my change. NEVER in my years of bar tending had I ever purposely overcharged a customer so that I could pocket the extra cash, which is what I expect is going on here. It's insulting to the customer and a horrible look for the company. And never had I ever kept a customer's change to tip myself.
What really left a bad taste in my mouth is when I approached the manager,Kevin I think was his name, about it as I was leaving. I explained to him what had happened and said that I wasn't asking for money back but just thought he should be aware of what was going on. He pretty much seemed to not have a problem with what they were doing, said 'Maybe they were rounding up prices for their convenience.' Rounding up prices? A overcharging customers purposely?? After I explained that I never received change from the bartender he did  say, 'Oh, she should have given you your change back' but really did not seem concerned. He just said a half hearted sorry and I left. 
GREAT customer service. 
I LOVE Philly and have had some crappy bar experiences but this is by far the worst. I will definitely never be returning to the Perch Pub and unfortunately now have a really bad view of it. There is clearly something extremely dodgy going on there. Check your bar tabs!Overall a good experience, and I'd come back.
I don't drink so I can't comment on the bar at all but based on the food I think it's a safe bet to say that this is more of a drink spot than a food place.
Everyone here is pretty friendly and the service was efficient and polite and not overly intrusive. 
I like the fact that they have a lot of options on the menu but the way some of it ends up coming out makes you wonder if they ever expect anyone to actually order things like the fish tacos or even simpler, the nachos. The nachos were good but their preparation and presentation resembled the kind of nachos you try to make as a kid, eg putting cheese slices on top of doritos and microwaving them for a minute or two. The toppings however were pretty good and they seem to be a big fan of their ingredients as they tend to use the same stuff to top their tacos too.
Their burgers looked a bit better and I guess if I come back here I'll stick to simple stuff like the sandwiches, wings or burgers. 
No real negatives here, I liked the ambiance and it was a fun experience in a comfortable place with a lot of room, but the food was just slightly unimpressive for something I was hoping would 'hit the spot.' While I haven't made my own nachos (with the exception of the ones I mentioned above) I have made fish tacos and they're not that hard to get right. 
Still, I think this is a safe default for when you're not sure where to go or don't want to go too far from home. I'll definitely be coming back.Want a bird's eye view from the Avenue of the arts? Check  out this new gastropub with a view! The subdued lighting and general lax atmosphere is conducive of both a relaxing intimate conversation and Friday night revelry. The beer list is diversified for the beer lover and the food is notably worthy to live up to the gastropub connoisseur's taste. Staff is friendly and decked out in flannel. This place, though young, will very soon make you feel like you have been coming here for years. Especially thank you to Penne my bartender. Cheers!Staff here is very rude! Had reservations for 10 people, walked in, and was greeted by a very rude hostess who obviously was not interested in helping us. After she huffed and puffed for 10 minutes about our party, we decided that our money would be better spent elsewhere.I would rate Perch between 3 and 4 stars. It's in a great location - right off the BSL, convenient to several buses. I enjoyed the winding staircase to the 2nd floor. It provides a great view of Broad Street. Inside is pretty spacious and despite arriving right after Sips, it wasn't too crowded. 
Nice beer and cocktail list with plenty to choose from and the prices were pretty good. I had the P's A Sweet Tart, Plymouth Sloe Gin, Finlandia Vodka and pink grapefruit juice topped with club soda. Very refreshing. 
The nachos with short ribs were tasty and filling. I had the Lincoln burger (as did a few others). It was a tad overcooked for my taste but the tomato jam was AWESOME. I was a little peeved that they charge extra for fries with it, and chose the included side salad. Disappointed it was just basically a pile of lettuce with olive oil. Should have asked for dressing on the side. 
Our server was great accommodating such a big group, but the food runners were not good at their timing. We had 2 burgers arrive and then 10 minutes later 2 more burgers, and then another 5 before the rest of the food. 
Otherwise this was a good pub type place and I will definitely come back.My favorite pub in town.  Excellent rotation of craft beers - a creative mix, so beer geeks won't be disappointed.  Great pub food, love the veggie burger and the spiced peanuts.  The waitstaff and bartenders are friendly and knowledgeable.
Huge windows, comfortable seating at the bar and in the dining area, and clean bathrooms.  The perfect Philly hangout.Food was good, not a "must visit" place in Philly. Based on others reviews I had the wake n bacon burger. The bacon jam was different and made the burger.This is a place that I have had to go back a couple times before I felt like I could really write something because honestly, every time I have gone back the experience has been completely different (though in a good way).
The bar is great, their beer list is extensive and their house cocktails usually always have cute bird related names. Their food is also pretty decent and they make one of the best burgers you can get around there. The wake and bacon, which is a perfectly fried egg on top of a delicious burger and crispy bacon? Oh yes please. Not in the mood for a burger? Try their sandwhich called "Jacobs ladder" which has melt in your mouth shortribs and cheese. yum.
What makes this place great is not only the location but the prices, it is super wallet friendly and the service has always been nothing but friendly and fun.Came here on a random Friday happy hour and i was astounded by the glass walls at the bar overflow area. Perch Pub easily takes the award for "Best View of the Doubletree" in the city.
The beer selection of pretty wide, if a little expensive, but hey, that's why you gotta go to happy hour.my favorite place in the city for burgers and beer.  the burgers ARE SO GOOD.  BACON JAM IS GOD.  burgers + bacon jam + good beer list = happy lizzie, fo sho.I'm pretty into this place so far. The atmosphere is nice, nice mix of folks come here too. I've only been for happy hour (because it's such a great deal) so far, but I am looking forward to dinner here. So far, I can say the wings are very tasty, and the garlic aoli dipping sauce that comes with the fries is delish. They also have cute benches by the bar with tables for a great view. Tap list is all relatively local stuff, all good stuff. You can typically get a beer for under $3 here during happy hour. So far so good.I've always seen this place on the corner of broad and locust but have never gone until recently. I can't believe it took me so long to try it out.
The service: 5/5
To be seated it took a bit considering the host was not in sight and was relatively crowded on a friday night, especially during march madness. Our waitress made excellent suggestions when it came to drinks and the food as well with pairings.
The food:4/5
The Tinga Nachos and the Scotch Filet were fantastic! The nachos were heavily loaded and honestly you could make a meal with just the nachos and maybe a side of rice or something along those lines. The Scotch filet you would realize was a pretty hefty and heavy sandwich in the moments of your final bites. I would recommend eating it as soon as it you are served that way you do not compromise the structural integrity of the bread. 
The atmosphere: 4/5
Being on the second floor with a view of the avenue of the arts, who could complain about the atmosphere on a Friday night? I thought it was the best of both worlds. Even though it can get loud at times, the view of the city lights makes up for it
Awesome place to go with a buddy, I don't think I would bring a first date here unless she suggested it though.Great happy hour, decent food, nice view, centrally located.
But most importantly, they occasionally have beer that isn't really available elsewhere in the city.Perch is an upper level bar that gives you an awesome view of Broad Street.  The windows are stained glass so that if you go in at the right time, the whole room lights up in rainbows.  Cool.
Their beer list is pretty good, and they have decent happy hour specials if you're looking for a good drink/per dollar ratio.
The only issue we've had here was the food.  Some of it was good, but deep frying a hard shell crab shell and all?  And then putting it between two slices of bread and calling it a sandwich?  Questionable.The one thing I liked about this spot are beer prices. Pretty cheap to get a full-bodied beer under 7 bucks. 
Their food is 'eh'. We ordered nachos and for some reason it smelled like fish. I think the pickled onions had a stench of sea creatures... weird, I know. 
Service was also just okay. I'd would appreciate more enthusiasm from the bartender.This place is a lot of fun! I did not eat here so I cannot say anything about the food but they have a great beer list. The service was also great. I think that it is a little too packed for happy hour but if you get there a few minutes before 5 pm, you should not have any problems.Not really a Sports Bar.
How can you call it one when it has 'two' HD's in the bar area.
Yes, it has pool tables but that doesn't make it a sports bar.
I will say the bartenders and backs are efficient.
Their slection of draught beers is unimaginative.
I was looking forward to having a draught Yueling, it was flat.
The wings were better than average.
Not too many choices of burgers. I had the Cobb Burger, it was big but not really all that flavorful.
It gets packed during happy hour on Fridays and then clears out.I am sorry but this restaurant leaves a lot to be desired. The food just was not good. Not mediocre, just bad. I don't often critique restaurants but I had no choice with the Perch Run. The beer is good, the French fries are good but nothing else!I'd like to give Perch Pub 3.5 stars, but am rounding up for this one because I continue to come back here, very often, and also refer friends here when they are visiting from out of town!  So, ta-da Perch Pub, you have my vote.
Always have a rotating selection of craft beers on tap, usually like 10-15 different kinds, of which a few are usually pretty rare!  For being located on a touristy-strip of Broad Street in center city, Perch Pub is not a tourist trap... they do a great job of keeping the local Philly pub atmosphere.
The food is pretty good, although I hardly eat here, I usually just get beers. But the menu is kind of like an upscale pub menu. Nothing mid blowing but still a lot better than standard burgers & fries. The hummus was good, and my spinach salad with veggie burger was good. But again, I never come here for food, it's just a perfect pub atmosphere, with friendly bartenders, and a good view of the city (it's upstairs overlooking broad st). 
I also love Perch pub cause they have games!! Darts, pool table, and the photo hunt video game. Keeps me entertained while boozing :) thanks perch pub! Keep those goose islands on tap :) yummPerch Pub is ideally located for a casual pre-theater meal.  On the second story of Varalli restaurant, the large windows offer a great view of Broad Street.
I was impressed by the beer list, with about a dozen craft brews listed on the blackboard menu. I assume the selections change often. Enjoyed a Russian River Damnation and Victory Love Stout.
I especially enjoyed the warm mushroom salad with arugula.  The rest of the food was good though not memorable.Pleasantly surprised by Perch Pub.  I don't know why but I had it in my mind that this was not a place I ever wanted to go.  However, after a night at the ballet and wanting a quick drink and a bite to eat, Perch was an obvious, if not a simply convenient choice.  
We popped up and were greeted by a friendly hostess and subsequently a friendly bartender.  He could see it in our eyes that we wanted some drinks...STAT...and wasn't pushy about us ordering food but quickly got us menus when we said we were hungry.  A few bar snacks - cheesesteak egg rolls and fried cheese(!) - and a couple glasses of wine later we were done and satisfied.  
The atmosphere at Perch is so much better than I thought it would be, although again, I don't know why I had these initial feelings.  I will definitely be back to try an entree or sandwich and have since recommended it to others who happen to be in the area for a show or just looking for a glass of wine and some gooey cheese!A great and seemingly rotating beer list. Definitely get the Tinga nachos! Watch the theater crowds go in and out in this second story pub. Fun and hip, if I'm ever in Philly again I'll stop by to see what's on tap.Great pub style restaurant. The fried meatloaf was quite good and a huge portion. My wife had the Cajun fish tacos. Good spice but a bit skimpy. My son's cheeseburger, cooked to order with grilled onions, was great. The onion rings looked fantastic, but were too greasy for me. Great beer selection and great service.I love coming to this bar all the time.  The staff is super friendly and attentive and the beer selection can't be beat!  The only reason for the low rating is because the air conditioning situation there is pretty much unbearable.  In the summer in this city we reach heat indexes of 115 and it seems that there is little to no ac at all.  They do have a few fans set up but that only pushes around the hot air, and they clutter the bar which is not enjoyable.  I can only imagine how it must be to work there.....My husband and I dined here for dinner on Sunday, October 12 before seeing a performance at the Academy of Music across the street. The location is great if you're seeing a show there or at the Kimmel Center. Luckily, we made reservations, and they seated us immediately after arriving.
Their beer selection is extensive. My husband got the Southern Tier Harvest Ale, and I got the Shipyard Pumpkinhead Ale. We both enjoyed our beers. Mine was one of the tastiest pumpkin beers I've ever had.
We have dined here before, and it seems like their menu has changed. For dinner, I ordered their buffalo wings and their deviled eggs. My husband ordered their California Cobb burger. He loved his burger and ate every last bite. There were 8 wings in an order. The flavor was really nice, and the size of the wings were good. However, they were room temperature when they came out. I like wings to be nice and hot! In their defense, it did seem like they were understaffed. Anyway, on to the deviled eggs. I'm a huge fan, and I've never had them with an Asian flavor. I think they could have used more sriracha and less toasted sesame oil. The oil was overpowering the other flavors in the deviled eggs. But they were still good, and I want to try making something similar at home.
Overall, I would come here again. It was a pleasant experience.How did I not know this was here?? We came to Perch Pub with a few friends for a pre-theater drink(s) and thoroughly enjoyed ourselves. I fell in love with the beer menu and wish I could've sampled all of them! We ordered a thing of fries for the table and those were really good. Honestly, I have nothing bad to say except that I wish we could have stayed longer!Great craft beer selection & knowledgeable staff. Nice bar layout & 2nd floor view of Ave of Arts (Perch duhh). Never had the food but looks dece. Usually end up getting pizza downstairs next to it on stumble home.I've walked by the Perch Pub many times and have always just kept walking - the elevated, nondescript sign never called to me (I think some re-branding is in order). But when we needed a quick dinner before a show, we decided to give it a try and were pleased by the nice view, the friendly service, the extensive brew list, and the good food (Wake and Bacon Burger was tasty and the homemade aioli is delicious with your fries). Note that happy hour only applies to the bar, not the dining area.Just came home from here! Great atmosphere and service. We only waited a few minutes for our table despite the packed bar and tables. 
I wanted the perch nachos but they were out. Then I wanted chili but again, they were out. That's why the 4 stars for me. Make more! D: I settled on fried mozzarella which was delish, my mom got jacobs ladder melt which was divine. My friend got french fries but they were just alright. 
The service was really wonderful. My mom ordered a drink she didn't know had whiskey and just couldn't drink it so our waitress brought her something else no problem. :) 
Overall I'd love to come back! Thanks for a wonderful evening!I came here for my friend's going away/graduation happy hour. Took a little while to get a beer, but so happy I did. Half off drafts for happy hour make it all worth it (half off Ommegang? yess please!). First time in a long time $20 was enough for happy hour! Mac and cheese is also a must get. Another plus? It's right next to the BSL. Will definitely return.I came here on a random Saturday night with friends when all the "higher end" places were packed. It was good/average all american type of food. 
I ordered some veggie tacos (only two came) and they were pretty dry. I expect some sort of sauce when all I'm eating are tortillas with mushrooms! They didn't come with a side or anything which would have been nice. My friends ordered burgers and those didn't come with sides either. The one thing I did enjoy were the Malanga chips - YUM! 
All in all, this is your average food spot with a nice view and a chill atmosphere.Nice place, GREAT beer list, tasty pub grub, but...lots of people behind the bar chatting, but not a lot of serving patrons. I felt like I needed to apologize because I interrupted the behind-the-bar conversation to ask for a tap list. 
Newsflash! Thrusting a glass into the ice cooler is neither safe nor sanitary.
Enjoyed the wings, though!Perch Pub has a mean draft selection with some solid local beers in the mix. Had the Hawaiian Sandwich (Mahi Mahi with roasted tomatoes and greens) most recently which came served with a salad and a vinaigrette house dressing. The bartender was overly friendly, which basically entails the guy doing a couple of magic tricks and providing some on the house "Dr. Pepper" shots. With Bob Dylan on the juke box and some "entertaining" Philadelphians hanging around the bar, this was an overall positive spot to end up.Good last minute find for a super late (11pm) dinner. Ordered several different dishes, and enjoyed everything. I definitely suggest the Philly spring rolls as an app. The service was friendly and prompt, and nice view of broad street. Worth checking out and going back to sometime.Two stars are probably more appropriate, but we'll throw in the extra because our waiter was honest about the sub-par food. 
We ended up at Perch Pub our first night in Philly. It was close to our hotel and looked busy, and Yelp's rating was good. Our experience wasn't terrible, it just wasn't good...
Pros: 
-extensive draft and bottle beer menu
-food came out quickly 
-seated immediately on a busy Friday night
-cheesesteak spring rolls were yummy--just wished there were more of them in the order 
Cons:
-really average, not great pub food
   fish and chips were really greasy with too much batter and little meat. French burger was flavorful, but greasy. Salads were ok. 
-loud--their bar seems to be where it's at, not the restaurant 
Ok, so our pro list outweighs the cons. BUT the food here really isn't worth it. The bar side of the place was packed!  So, if you're coming here stick with bar and beer menu.Great beer selection and a cute bar with a really great view. Loved the guy bartender, he was sweet, funny and knew his stuff. He joked with our group and truly looked like he was having fun. I honestly would have walked out after the treatment, more of the lack there of, from the blonde employee behind the bar. She was straight up rude! When we walked into an empty bar she looked up from her phone and perch leaning over the computer to scowl, roll her eyes and make a disgusted sigh- seriously no lie! As our group sat in the corner we heard her complaining about how slow it was, other employees, and just about anything. She turned her back to us and IGNORED our repeated attempts to get us anything. She literally did not get us one thing. Unapologetically sat on her phone not giving a crap about us. I felt bad leaving one star, I'd leave zero to rate her. The only way I did was because of the male bartender. I'd come back and have a drink with him. She should be fired! Here's a tip- if you gave a crap about serving or your job maybe you would have customers at your bar! I hope they didn't share tips!Was there for dinner before a show on Sunday. They were kind enough to pull down a large screen so I could watch the Masters. The drink was one of the  first 'house' drinks that actually contained alcohol. My hamburger cobb salad was great. My dining mates all enjoyed their meals as well. I would definitely returnAlways a solid choice to grab some food. Good brunch. Good drinks. Bartenders are cool. They have a really good happy hour that can get really crowded. They also have a pool table in the back for a chill night out. The food is really good also. Always a large selection of beers.Very nice ambiance. Quite romantic yet fun for groups. Great views of the street. The food was quite nice and my date and I were pleased.I hit this place up with a couple friends for a snack and some drinks on a weekday.  We ordered some nachos and sandwiches to split, and the food was delicious.  They don't have an extensive beer selection, but there were certainly a few options to go with.  They moved us to the bar after we ate because they were closing down the dining room.  I always get a little miffed by that, just leave me be until I'm finished - it doesn't take long to wipe down one table.  The bartender was nice as well, and it was funny that she carded my drunk friend.  Good job!It was a blast.Had a great window table 
Natalie our waitress was a real sweetie.I came here for an 8:00 dinner reservation on a Friday night. It's a good time to show up, it seems, since it wasn't crowded. 
The server took a little while to come over and get my drink order, which I thought was kind of odd but I didn't mind too much. I take forever to peruse drink menus. They do have a great selection of beers, with the drafts being a good deal money-wise. 
For dinner I ordered the fish and chips. I saw that this dish was given plenty of good reviews, and I was excited when it came out. The portion is freaking HUGE (see pic) and it looked good. Unfortunately, that's where the excitement stops. The batter on the fish was tasteless and incredibly oily. I understand that fish and chips is a dish that's fried on fried on fried, but this was just yucky-greasy. It also just kind of fell apart when I picked it up. No bueno.
The fries were just okay. There were some crispy ones, but most of them were fairly soggy. I drenched them and ketchup and ate them anyway, because, well, fries. The fish and chips also came with a side salad, which is a great concept (cut through the oily fat!) and was pretty tasty, but it was served on the same plate with half of it under the hot food. This resulted in a half cold and yummy, half hot and wilted salad. Sad. 
Our server was nice, though, and allowed us to stay and drink for as long as we wanted. She didn't say anything when a third person showed up to our table, she just went with the flow. 
All in all, I think I would come back, if only for the drinks.i enjoyed my time at perch, although i havent ordered food there yet. the staff wear plaid.. so there's a lot of plaid in the room. it has sort of a dim ambiance in the evenings but definitely great to sit around the unique shaped bar and catch a game on tv (or two). the beer list was impressive, and it did not overwhelm me like some other gastropubs can.Solid place! Great menu... not too many or too little in offerings. Our table had the California burger (great)The French burger (delicious) and the dungeness crab cake sandwich ( ALL crab no fillers:-)  SO food is great for a very reasonable price but the BEST thing about this place was the unbelievably warm, friendly,competent service by Chris!!! HE made it 5 star!The food and bartenders definitely make this spot awesome. 
What to get: the burger, pulled pork Mac and cheese (arguably the best Mac and cheese I've ever had) and the chicken pot pie 
Besides the food, which is reasonably priced, the bartenders are very attentive and extremely friendly. Sit at the bar, order food, and grab a couple drinks to get the full Perch experience!First time here tonight. Was excited to try this place for a family dinner out after reading some positive reviews and hearing about the venue. Unfortunately though, the vibe was not welcoming from the time we walked in.  In my opinion, a warm welcome is a key part of the dining experience when trying a new place, it's what gets you excited to sit down and know you are going to enjoy a relaxing meal at the venue. That didn't happen here. 
The venue itself was fun and intimate. We had a corner booth overlooking Broad street and it was a lovely backdrop for our meal. The food was fine, nachos in particular were good. But nothing else particularly memorable among our plates. Our waiter was attentive and courteous, but at times showed he was distracted. 
For the time being, I don't think I will jump to return.The food menu is limited but the food and drinks are quality. However, the service was obscene. The service was bad from the time we walked in the door, when the host didn't greet us, but answered his phone, and made us wait to take our name and seat us. Our waiter never told us his name (1st sign of being horrible), but he looks like a mixture between the oldest Osbourne son and Michael Moore with thick framed glasses. He has the personality and attentiveness of a rock and after tonight, I highly doubt that he could even keep a job at your local Long John Silvers. If you want a night out without having to ration your water, expect that your empty glasses are cleared off the table, and want to order more than one beer per 45 minutes, I suggest you find another dining location.... Far, far away from here.i have gone here a couple of time for happy hour and the place is great. The place has a great view of Broad Street and the atmosphere is pretty good.  They have a great selection of beer and the food is decent. I also like that it isn't that loud here and you hear your colleagues talking.  It is a good place to hang out and enjoy the end of the day.I don't get the reviews of Perch Pub????????
Mel and I were happy to finally visit. The reviews are so good on Yelp. I have to assume most were written by friends or by the staff themselves. This is a two star place.
Now I wasn't looking to have my world changed. I wasn't looking special treatment, or fine dining. I just wanted to have some pub food, a few snorts, and a beer or two with my girl.
They had the opportunity to do something really different with the space but played it so safe. Take Ten stone, Pub & Kitchen, Sidecar, Good Dog, Devil's Den...shake 'em all up and spray the decors in a second floor space and you have Perch Pub. In short, you've already been here before even if you've never stepped through the door.
The food menu is the same. I mean exactly the same as the places mentioned above.....and more expensive then I'm used to seeing. I had nachos that were just ok. They use better chips than most places, but try to disguise the small amount of meat, and veg by slathering a ton of cheese whiz over everything. Mel had fish tacos that were pretty good but really small for $5.00 per taco. we tried a couple of sides and were underwhelmed all over.
The beer list is good, but again....there are a dozen other places I could get the same list. Give me something...focus on a couple of specific breweries, give me a special price to try something different, give me a tasting option....for god sakes take a risk somewhere.
The booze. This sealed the deal for me. The short pours we got were ridiculous. It's insulting when the bartenders  buddy is getting a bucket full of booze and your giving me a thimble at full price. Whiskey village looks generous in comparison! {That is not an endorsement of WV..they are far too short with their pour as well}.
Before you go back to Perch Pub go back to or try:
Varga Bar, Devil's Den, Royal Tavern, Race Street Tavern, Good Dog, Ten Stone, Sidecar, Pub & Kitchen, Misconduct. They are all doing the same as Perch. They all just do it better and mostly likely cheaper.I frequent Perch Pub for dinner when I'm in town.
Nice atmosphere, the music isn't too loud.  Last night I went up with a hankering for their mussels (fantastic as usual) and also got a side of deviled eggs on a whim.  OMG - Absolutely the best devied eggs ever.  My husband's aunt makes killer deviled eggs.  We are in the habit of dotting them with cajun seasoning or srirachi sauce.  These have the srirachi blended in the yolk mix, which is then piped into the white half and garnshed with a small slice of scallion.  Food porn!
Beer selection changes all the time - had a real nice ale from Helles - had a nice citrus/honey flavor, which was unexpected.Although I am not a fan of Center City bars ($20 to park before you order your first drink!) Perch Pub was a good time.  I went with some friends during Philly Beer Week and we all really enjpyed the Brooklyn Brewery options.  I'm not sure how the beer list is during the other 51 weeks in the year, but during my experience it was pretty fabulous.
The bar is divided into two sections, one which is a typical bar setup and the second is tables & a nice pool table.  The tables are a great way to go if you don't feel like being crowded (and getting up for your own beer!)
They offer a nice menu with a selection of bar food (slightly overprices-$4 for a pretzel and mustand) but it is still a good option.
All in all I would definitely go back if there was another Philly Beer Week type event going on.I brought my dad here for drinks and dinner before a concert at the Academy -- and all I can say is it was awesome. Great food, great drink selection, and great service. The bartenders were super friendly and efficient, and the food was. so. so. so. good.Huge fan! Especially, their Happy Hour. Was introduced to this bar when I was here during Sips, and I made a mental note to come back. There's a pool table, separate bar area, and exposed brick wall (for some reason, I really dig this!). 
Came here for dinner before we hit the orchestra.  Their draft list is unique and with lots of choices, there is something for everyone. I lean towards the dark and flavorful beers, so I chose the Bavarian Barbarian Bulldozer (really good!), Weyerbacher Fireside Ale (a little too smoky for me), and my personal favorite, the Southern Tier Oak Aged Pumking (pumpkin beer in the winter? YES, PLEASE!).
Since we sat at the tables, we weren't sure if we could still get the happy hour prices. Luckily, our server was able to help us out (Thank you, Jackie!).
Definitely check out the chalkboard specials. On our plates, we chose the grilled scallops over a lamb sausage cream with crispy sage potato sticks (just a fance name for french fries), the wake and bacon burger (perfect fried egg!), vino burger, and to end our meal, we got the nachos dulce which were sugar and cinnamon dusted nachos covered in chocolate, sliced strawberries, and garnished with mint.
We left extremely happy. And another plus? Coat hooks by the table. Nice touch!Decent gastro pub near City Hall. I typically think of gastro pubs as more quaint but this place is huge. The draft list is awesome, consisting of a variety of good brews from all over the country. I really liked the Lost Abbey Ten Commandments. As far as food, the citrus hummus appetizer was delicious. It came with an olive oil tampenade and seasoned schmeckels. However, the French Burger was mediocre. The meat needed some more flavor and zest. Overall, an OK place to grab a quick meal but I think it lacks the appeal that other gastro pubs in the city possess.I've only come here for beers a couple of times, but they are great! Especially happy hour (5-7) when they're half price. Light beer drinkers beware. The last time I came there were only a couple of those on the menu -- the apricot wheat (which wasn't that great) and the Yeungling (boring). My absolute favorite beer is the Quadruple, a darker beer. They have a really good one here made by Weyerbacher. Many of their darker and higher alcohol percentage beers come in a goblet, which just feels classy. The only drawback of this pub is that the bar area is pretty small and gets crowded during happy hour. Half of the pub is a bunch of nice tables overlooking Broad Street, but you can't get the specials while sitting there. An overall great place!We stopped in there before seeing Rain at the Academy across the street. The atmosphere is very cozy and the view of Broad and Locust from the second floor was amazing. The windows were so clear you thought you were outside. They have around 15 craft beers on their menu and many more bottles. The waiter was knowlegable on the beers and food. Smutty Nose Smuttenator was a tasty choice. They have a 1/2 price happy hour that is for the bar only, not tableside, not mentioned in the website, but standard practice in restaurants. We ordered mussels in garlic sauce. They were large and tender in a tasty dipping sauce. My California Cobb burger was awesome, cooked as ordered, and served with a side salad or fries. After dinner we stopped at the bar for the happy hour prices. The place is a gem and will become a favorite, as we also visit the Wilma down the street.My fiancee and I had some brunch and beers while overlooking the Mummer's Parade on Broad on New Year's Day - that said, they were running a limited menu and we did show up, literally, as they were unlocking the doors to open.
I had a pair of decent beers and a similarly decent, simple burger. We split a $4.50 order of 3 deviled eggs, which we agreed was way too expensive for 1.5 eggs. Our server was noticeably busy with the holiday crowd, but still friendly and attentive. The location was perfect to watch the parade: we could see every group going by without freezing in the cold (or having to use port-o-potties).
Overall, it's a nice place for a beer and easy meal, but unfortunately, there isn't really anything over-the-top about Perch Pub.First time here. This is a kick ass location. Great beers, great service and a really cool place to just hang out. Get your ass there and enjoy.I came here for brunch on Saturday mainly because they had a $5 bloody mary special. It was possibly the worst bloody mary I've ever had. It felt like I was chewing on pepper. I also asked if there was horseradish in it and they said no. I could see it when they brought it over. I switched to a mimosa because i assumed they couldn't mess that up.
I ordered the wake and bacon burger medium. It is topped with a fried egg and bacon jam. It was perfectly cooked and didn't last long because of how much I enjoyed it. Probably because I have a major obsession with bacon.
If a brunch spot advertises about their drink specials, they should probably be yummy. I also dont like horseradish in my Bloodies so I asked them to make one instead of using their "homemade mix". They said they couldn't. How do you not have tomato juice at your bar? 
The service was great and so was the food. They should work on their drinks. Their craft beer selection did look good though.My sister and I needed to kill some time before purchasing tickets to see Mamma Mia so we stopped in at 4:56pm to have a drink. We both ordered from the happy hour menu which starts at 5pm, thus we were charged full price for our Chardonnay. I have never been a big fan of any alcohol but I did really enjoy the wine. 
We purchased our tickets and then returned for dinner. We were disappointed to learn that we could only get the happy hour specials if we were in the bar, but we really wanted to have a good sit down dinner so it wasn't too big a disappointment. Everything we had was amazing! We started with the baked mac-n-cheese which was creamy and smooth and topped with bread crumbs for a little crunch. 
I had the Wake & Bacon burger with a side salad. The burger had a fried egg and bacon jam which made this one of the best burgers I've ever had. The dressing on the salad was delicious. I ate it all, and finished with the brownie for dessert. This is the one thing I was slightly disappointed with when it came to the food. It was dry and crumbly, not moist and fudgey. After all the delicious food I was expecting great things from this brownie but it just wasn't to my liking. 
We will definitely go back!I was here last Friday night for the first time and most enjoyed the creeper views of Broad and Locust streets.
It was exciting to find Rosee D'Hibiscus on their beer list. Nearly a year ago, a server at another Philly bar suggested it as a good choice for me, a strictly non-beer drinker at the time, and ta-da, a beer drinker was ever-so-slowly created! Point being, it's a great beer.
Our server was really friendly and accommodating, even after we ended up planting ourselves at our table for nearly four hours and adding a third person to the two-top.
I would've given four stars, but I wasn't a huge fan of my dinner -- the chicken pot pie. It was huge, yes, but it was also kinda bland. The chicken part of it was good, but I didn't like the pie, and you want to like the pie of a chicken pot pie to like the whole chicken pot pie, you know?
Nonetheless, I'll definitely stop back in the future. If only to be a creep once more.So the other night I went to Perch Pub with a cutie, and we didnt try the food, but we got some really really awesome drinks. I got this delicious mint and strawberry concoction that had fresh strawberries floating in it. And I'm nothing if not a sucker for fruit with my liquor. My guy got a really amazing Ithica, I forget which one though. The bartender was really cool and helpful too. When he told me that the keg had kicked on the creme brûlée beer that I really wanted (and will be back for soon), he suggested this great chocolate stout that I loved. Definitely a great place to relax with some great beer and cocktail options.nice view of the street below, good location. i found this is an easy place to talk to peopple.. i tried corned beef and cabbage here since it was st pats weekeend it was OK, some interesting microbrew draft beer options including some belgian style beers , ommegang glimmerglass saison on draft is a win. fireball and lemon drop shots were good and generously portioned.Question: Are nachos really nachos if they have no salsa?  Surprisingly, Perch Pub managed salsa-less nachos relatively well.  Still, I missed that spice.
Good things: Loved the location.  Pleasantly perched above broad street (I may have just threw up a little in my mouth with that pun. but I'm still using it).  Neon lights from nearby buildings making you feel like you are in the middle of the city.  Because you are.  Other good things include.... good for groups.  We hosted 20ish at a nice long side table, no problem.  The beer was fine.
Things I won't get again: the fries.  They smell fake. Like the car of someone who gets drive-thru fast food all the time.  Taste like it too.  We still ate them.  Regretted it.   Salad was excruciatingly small for $14. Good thing I was tipsy so I didn't get upset.  They also didn't give us water unless requested.
Overall, good scene.  Our waitress held it down like a champ.  And we could be loud without abandon.  
My advice. Stay for the scene.  But save your appetite for elsewhere.The best burger I've had in a long time. Food is very reasonably priced. Not handicap accessible (no elevator to the 2nd floor). My only complaint was that everyone's food came out at the same time, except for 1 person's meal. We waited 5-10 minutes for his meal to come out, which was disappointing. They should have just waited for his meal to finish before bringing everyone's meal out (instead of making him wait while everyone else was eating). Otherwise, the service was good and attentive overall.Came here unexpectedly because it was right by the hotel and everywhere else more than a 45 minute wait. The food definitely exceeded my expectations. The burger was done deliciously and so was my friend's fish tacos. This place is decently priced for the area, the drinks were delicious. Overall, I'm super glad I ended up here for dinner!Best brunch spot! $5 bloody marys and mimosas, can't beat, and reasonably priced and tasty breakfast and lunch items. Will be back!Went to the Perch to grab a bite to eat and watch the Philly's playoff game. The bar was jammed so we sat in the dining room, which had a big screen tv set up so it was a nice place to watch the game. Nice views out to Broad street too.
I had the chili, which is made with braised short rib meat. Excellent. Not very spicy as chili's go but tasty. Only downside was the chili was only temp warm. Had to eat it right away or it would have been room temp in 10 mins. My wife had the mussels, which was very good too. We split the scallop appetizer and a side of deviled eggs. The deviled eggs had a bit of a kick to them, which was great. 
Only negatives were: no drink or food price specials in the dining room even though the bar is literally a few feet away, which had specials. Also; they were very understaffed. Our waitress was good but given her and one other waiter had to cover the entire dining room, wait times for drinks in the early innings was long. Overall the price was a bit on the high side. We'll go back again but definitely go earlier to get a seat at the bar.I came here with a friend to watch football and I was pretty underwhelmed, to be honest.
The location is great, and the view of the street is actually quite pretty in the evening. Seems like it would be a nice date spot.
The beer selection is incredible. They boast a pretty impressive list of local beers, as well as a bunch of other goodies that you always keep your fingers crossed for, but never find.
The reason I'm giving three stars is because the food is terrible and overpriced. My friend and I each got a meal, and we split an appetizer--everything was either cold, bland, or both. So expensive too!
I would definitely come here for Happy Hour, but I will never order food again. The potential is there; I really hope they make the changes necessary to make this place truly amazing!Do not order the oyster po boy.  I was there for the Army-Navy game last weekend and ordered one Friday night.  I have never been so sick in my life.  The food was average at best and over priced.  I was up all night vomiting and the weekend was ruined for me.Tap list: 5 stars
Location: 4 stars
Food: 3 stars
Service: 2 stars
The tap list and the view are the reason to go to Perch. They have some of the cheapest microbrews in the city! Plus I was able to find some beers that are less common in philly, like the Great Divide brewery
The food was meh and the service was awful. The burger was respectable but will not blow your mind. Nothing else was particularly noteworthy. My salad was downright bad.
I will probably come back for the prices and a decent burger.The Perch Pub was our first stop for Philly Beer Week. Their theme was Brooklyn. Well, hey, I'm from Brooklyn, so I fit right in.
They got right to my heart with their line-up of Brooklyn Brewery Beers. They must have had at least 8, if not more. I knocked down a couple of their IPAs, both were very tasty.
The vibe and crowd was real cool. The service was great. It was also real cool that a crew from the Brooklyn Brewery came all the way out to Philly for the event. They handed out some buttons from the Brewery. One of my bids asked if he could get a glass. A first she told him no, but then she came through and hooked him up.
I would definitely consider coming back. Good joint.We've been here several times before or after theater.  Always good food, good service, nice atmosphere.  We love it!Came here for a late night dinner with some friends.  The food was pretty delicious, hot and fresh.  I split the Cuban sandwich.  Slow cooked pork with ham and cheese on country white.
The service was a little on the slow side, as I saw two other parties who arrived after us get their food before we did.  Not sure if the waitress was new, but... to make up for it she was very friendly and down to earth.
Their beer list is awesome - and awesomely priced.  $4-$9 for a good out-of-state IPA is great for Center City.... you won't find that anywhere else.
The staff does have cute plaid shirts/jeans look with a beige apron.  I thought it was a coincidence at first, but after reading others reviews I guess not.
I'll definitely be back for Happy Hour.They didnt have any of the appetizers or side available at 2:30 in the afternoon. The food took forever to get there. The food was ok but not stellar. The only  thing good was the olives & vodka martinis, but then how can screw that up.We went for a pre-concert brunch. Good, intelligent service and menu reccomendations.  Nicely curated beer list and specials. The burger plate and Cuban sandwich were most satisfying. Pricey, but the combination if quality and proximity to the Ave if the Arts makes this upstairs pub worthwhile to me.Don't know why we haven't been here before. Conveniently located to PATCO, awesome views of the Academy of Music through the treetops, lovely wooden spiral staircase leading you upstairs (little iffy coming down after you've had a couple though), cool bar seating by the windows with built-in tables. The service was decent, beer selection was good and had a nice descriptive beer menu. Good happy hour specials. 
Would like to see improvement in the food. Had the pretzels (awesome mustard!), onion rings (greasy), fish tacos (dude, is that sour cream? eww). Other members of my party complained that the crabcake sandwich was greasy, side salad boring. It could really be awesome with minor tweaks to the food.What a great place. I have passed this a million times but never went in and now regret it.  Perhaps its second floor location is a hinderance to attracting more foot traffic, but one flight up a spiral stair case should not be a deterrent to enter this charming place overlooking Broad street. They offer a very eclectic menu with friendly service and affordable prices. Great atmosphere with good acoustics.  Not a long wait or a light of hype.  Great $5 bloody marts and or speciality flavored Bellinis.