The Husband and I went to Perla the first time to celebrate our one month anniversary back in September and I still talk about that experience. Nothing was left on our plates! We loved everything we ordered! Service was great, plus it's BYOB! We recently went for the Kamayan family dinner to celebrate my birthday with friends and family, and  everyone loved it! The aroma of the rice was enough to get everyone picking at it before anything else even came out. What an amazing dinner! Will definitely go back for both the regular menu and the Kamayan dinner!I came here for Sunday's Kamayan (family style Filipino meal) with a group of four and had an awesome time.
The meal consisted of fish (pampano), pork belly, grilled chicken, lumpiat (spring roll), vegetables and garlic rice.  You also get house made Filipino bread to start and a special desert to finish.  Everything tasted very authentic and really reminded me of being back in the Philippines.  Additionally, the house made sauces complemented everything quite well.
The meal was $40 per person, and considering that we had enough leftovers for an entire second meal, it's a great value.
The service was super fast and friendly.
We will definitely be back for more great Filipino food!Finally made it out to Perla and it did not disappoint! I'm Filipino so I had fairly high expectations on the offerings. The dishes did not have a completely authentic Filipino flavor but we found the fusion taste to be quite refreshing. The pre-appetizer bread was Filipino pandesal that tasted much like ensamada with the salted butter accompaniment. Great start to the rest of the meal! We ordered the lechon, sinangag, and escabeche (octopus) and loved each one. The lechon had very crispy skin, the meat was tender, and the homemade mang tomas sauce was better than the original. The sinangag with bone marrow was my personal favorite... perfect execution. We will most definitely be back to try the kamayan offerings.I took my husband to Perla for the Sunday Dinner for his birthday and we had a blast.  The food was excellent, the price was excellent, and my hubby got to eat with his hands and not get yelled at.  He was in his glory.  Perla is also a byob which I love because I love a cocktail or 10 and they can get pricey!  I also liked the ambiance..aka I couldn't hear my neighboring tables conversations/we weren't on top of other people which is always a huge plus.  I have already recommended this to everyone and their mother!Definitely check this place out for their restaurant week! Their fixed menu actually offers a lot of options in the appetizers, entrees and desserts. For $35, I'd say this place is definitely worth your money. 
Reservations are recommended here since the place gets busy during restaurant week. Even for a single diner like myself, I still made a reservation. The entrance of Perla is really misleading because it looks like an entrance to a townhouse. I knocked on the door, but no one came to open it so I had to call the restaurant.
I wish I could have sat at a better location, but whatever. Now onto the food! I ordered the Spanish octopus appetizer, beef cheek kaldereta with the sinangag (+$13) and the flan for dessert. The spanish octopus was fried nicely, but I thought the dish lacked flavor. There wasn't really any kick to the dish itself. The entrees on the other hand absolutely blew my mind. The sinangag, which is their garlic fried rice with bone marrow was so good. Definitely a lot of garlic in the rice and the fatty bone marrow just made the dish even better. Of course I was also dying at this point because i decided to eat the sinangag with the beef cheek dish. The beef cheek kaldereta is also a heavy dish, but I thought the beef cheek was cooked wonderfully. The meat just tears apart and it's so juicy. 
Unfortunately, the server recommended the flan for dessert and I definitely did not have it. It wasn't bad in any way, but I think they should have recommended a lighter dessert since the entrees are quite heavy.
I wish lighting was better so I could show the pictures of the food, but overall good experience and good food. I'd give this $35 deal a thumbs up! Perla is also famous for their group dining experience where they literally dump the food on banana leaves on the table. It almost reminds me of Alinea in Chicago from Netflix's Chef's Table. Hope to be back soon!Went on a Wednesday for the kamayan and was not disappointed. Fun to try something new, bring our own choice of wines and after getting talking with the head chef, find the place is run by a sincere and genuinely nice dude. He loves sharing authentic food from his culture and it's amazing. Recommended to anyone whose open to something a little different.Perla had stiff competition- that being my Mom's own Filipino cooking. Her's is still the best but damn Perla comes close! 
The sisig (pork), escabeche (octopus), lichon (pork belly), and kare kare (short rib) were all delicious- great flavors and the lichon was super crispy. The escabeche was cooked to perfection and the sisig had really good flavor, slight spice as we could taste a hint of calamansi. I will DEFINITELY be back. Oh and it's BYO.Quaint Philippine restaurant in downtown, came from Orlando twice and visited and both times food was excellent.  Next time we want to do the boodlefight way of eating with many friends.  Brought my wife's uncle with me from Batangas and he enjoyed also.  Bring your own wine or beer as they do not serve alcohol.They created a new twist to filipino dishes and it was a great experience. 
Place is not big and you can actually have a quiet dinner. I believe it's byob so bring your alcohol of choice for a more enjoyble evening. 
We've tried Sisig and it has slightly bigger chunks of meat than the typical sisig and it's topped with a med cooked egg with a splash of calamansi ( phil lemon). 
kaldereta is very tender but I wish they removed the fat from the one we got. It was a big chunk of fat. 
Bicol expreas has big cuts of veggies and definitely not the typical Bicol Express. 
Parking is an issue in that area. So take Uber or I dont know if you can park at ACME without getting towed.Not a typical cuisine for me.
Was introduced in the best way possible.
Beautiful, thoughtful setting...even the hinges on the windows are considered. The food integrates with the atmosphere, so much so that every plate deserves documentation. 
* Waiter who nerds out on describing every dish
* Bone Marrow & Rice: Perfect
* Scallop: Flowered
* Steak: Citrus Bite
* Bread & Sea-Salt Chive Butter: Perfect
* Head On Prawns: Thick
Haven't seen the bathroom yet, but will on next visitBanana ketchup is the winner. Amazing food... nothing crazy in terms of innovation/flavor (except the banana ketchup), but so solid it deserves
More than 5 stars. To say the staff is pleasant and accommodating is an understatement. Well done , PerlaI have mixed feelings about this place. As a Filipino who grew up in the Philippines I was expecting a lot more flavor. The adobo fell flat and the fried rice was trying too hard. The only thing I can say is this is a good introduction to Filipino food but for those who grew up in the Philippines and want a more traditional flavor, this is not for you. The sisig wasn't sizzling, and there was no egg or accompaniments that traditionally came with. I did however like the menudo, that was their saving grace. I wish they weren't afraid to put more traditional flavors and flair. I will try to give them one more chance and hopefully they won't let me down.I highly recommend this place.  Lovely space and delicious food.  We had the Sinangag, Crispy Pata, and Pinaputok Na Isda.  Amazing.  The Crispy Pata is similar to lechon; similar but different.  And oh so good.  The fish was also great - the bones are in if that matters to you.  We also tried the ube dessert.  It was an unexpected delight, and has meringue and ube.  Amazingness .  The staff are wonderful staff and the place has a great ambiance.  We will be back.Small place but great food and service! The place is also BYOB! The warm rice flour cake was sooooo good! Can't wait to try their kamayan family style menu!Went for Sunday Kamayan dinner and will be coming back as often as I can. Staff is super friendly and attentive. The flavors are so balanced and flavorful. I have a dietary restriction and they were very accommodating. I highly recommend this restaurant.Came to philly to visit for a day.. came across this little Asian restaurant.. loved the decoration when you walked in.. it was a cute little place.. they had a fall menu.. talked to the waitress and she said they change the menu every other month.. love how the menu is simple.. 
The food was so amazing! It was so delicious. Everything was well put.. Filipino food is hard to make and they nailed it with every dishes that we ordered.. the adobo was sooo tender and lechon was crunchy.. 
Make sure to make reservation ahead of time because this place can get packed!Very good service, I've never had it but apparently the best Sigsig in the us per my Filipino friend. Really nice atmosphere and love that they are BYOB!The food here is excellent. It is definitely modernized... don't expect authentic preparations or appearances. But if you can put expectations out of your head you will definitely appreciate the creations. The place is BYO, which is nice... and pricing is very reasonable for the flavors.
It is small. Unfortunately, the night we were there, the entire restaurant was overtaken by some sort of birthday party 10-top that was super loud. The staff was very apologetic to everyone else in the restaurant, and even sent some additional items out of the kitchen to make up for it. Service was very attentive and of course cannot be held accountable for the situation in any way. We will gladly come back and hopefully have a more peaceful dinner...Last night we celebrated my daughter's birthday at Perla. Thee were six of us and we enjoyed the Kamayan dinner. It was a feast worthy of royalty. So much to eat, so many flavors.  Every bite was amazing. The fish was my favorite. Others loved the eggplant and bok choy. The other diners were Filipino and they could attest to the authenticity of the food. Sunday nights are a real treat at this gem of a restaurant. The staff was great, too. Go.I came here with some friends (4 in total) and we had the kamayan. The service was friendly and we had good seats. The restaurant overall is a cute intimate place that's great for small groups of friends. However the food was just ok. The fish was not as crispy as I would have hoped, and the taste was underwhelming. The rest of the items like the chicken and Brussels sprouts were fine, but I'm not sure if this is a value meal. Given the price we paid I was expecting a little more. I left with the feeling that these are ordinary dishes that I could make and at half the price.We were the first couple in for dinner and chose the corner window seat so we could completely settle in and get handsy! It was an immediate parade of food marched out and gently spilled across banana leaves. We couldn't wait so we dug into the sinangag (garlic fried rice) immediately. The perfect amount of garlic alone was worth braving the day after Winter Storm Stella shut the city down! Pinakbet (vegetables) was my favorite part. I've never had cauliflower and beets in traditional Filipino food growing up and this twist is genius, toss that with bok choy, okra (not slimy), carrots, eggplant and long beans and you are in perfectly roasted vegetable heaven. More than anything I wanted a bite of lumpia and chicken inisal, but I sat and gawked as my husband inhaled both without an ounce of sympathy. Talk about a wave of "little girl growing up in Hawai'i" nostalgia. I ate whole fried fish daily and I was happy to get my hands on that pompano and chili pepper vinegar! Same with lechon, we grew up hunting and lechon (roasted pig) was pretty common in our homes and this was also a table favorite. Bibingka brought it home. I went on a rampage recently looking for sweet rice flour to no avail and I'm thrilled Perla delivered. Chef Boquila even substituted burnt coconut on my piece. There was so much to enjoy and lots to take home. We were excited about our leftovers and Round 2 which we rarely ever are. Thank you for an accommodating and memorable 10 year anniversary dinner. It's not often you have to school a 30 something on how to eat with their hands and this was fun dining for sure.Definitely come on Wednesday or Saturday for their kamayan night where it's family style and you eat with your hands on sheets of banana leaf! $40/person, byob, so worth it and so fun. The food is fantastic and service is great too.Kamayan was the best! At first it seems like $40 per person is a lot of money, but the amount of food you get is ridiculous. My girlfriend and I had leftovers for 2 days.Stepping into the restaurant it was very cozy and minimal. There aren't that many tables, so I can't imagine what dinner hour must feel like. I came here with 2 of my friends around 9:30 PMish and by then there weren't that many people left. We were seated very quickly which was great. 
If  you're seeking real Filipino food, like home cooked Filipino food because lets be honest, that's how you're most likely going to get it, then I wouldn't suggest coming to this place. Don't get me wrong, the food here is great and tastes delicious, however, it is more American style Filipino than anything else. The presentation is impeccable, makes you feel like you're in a upscale restaurant. My friends and I ordered the sisig, lichon, and pancit. 
The sisig was very soft and melt in your mouth, very different than the sisig I am used to which is crunchy/has varying textures. If you like calamansi, then you will love this because it is very strongly flavored with it (but not overpowering).  It was served in a small skillet about 7 inches in diameter. 
The lichon was crispy and accompanied with grilled lettuce (I think it was lettuce at least) and mushrooms. I didn't really enjoy the vegetables because they were charred, but it was deliberate charring not a mistake. 
The pancit was a bit lackluster, taste wise. The noodles were under a tent of jumbo shrimp. i felt like the dish was kind of imbalanced for that reason because of the ratio of noodles and the shrimp. That and there was some other vegetable that seemed out of place in the dish. This was probably my least favorite of the dishes. 
Overall, the staff was very friendly and the food was delicious. Our server recommended like 4 - 6 dishes since the portions are relatively small, but after the end of dinner my 2 friends and I were contently filled with the 3 dishes we ordered. If you come hungry to dinner, then you should probably get more plates, but if not then order less. I recommend this restaurant if you are looking to try new cuisines, but don't particularly feel like diving in too quickly. If you are looking for real Filipino food, this is not for you. Also this seems more like a special occasion place because it is a bit pricey, but the ambience + food quality makes it work it.Read an article on Bloomberg about filipino food that mentioned Perla and lo and behold, it was close to where I stayed! I've had filipino food and this place puts a clever improvisation to the cuisine. We had their version of sisig, pinkabet, adobo and a grilled octopus. Tasty!
Tried the kamayan dinner there a few days later and that was a fun experience. Eating with your hands is recommended but if that's not your thing, I'm pretty sure they have utensils for you. There was a ton of food (their 4-people-worth of food can probably be shared with 6) and it was heavenly.I went with a friend from the Philippines (who naturally knows the cuisine well and has high standards), so we naturally had a person to guide us through the menu and to take care of the ordering. We ended up ordering basically all the items on the menu (save two), which came down to five mains (which were on the small side) and two desserts for three people. The bill totaled around $50 each, which wasn't bad at all for the amount of food we got and for an upscale meal. 
I have had some very limited exposure to Filipino food, and this tasted markedly different - a lot less salty and definitely Western inspired, a feeling also expressed by my Filipino friend. I think the key to really enjoying the meal is not to expect traditional, authentic Filipino food, because the flavors in the dishes actually turned out to be really good. I especially enjoyed the rice with bone marrow, as well as the pork belly, but all the dishes we ordered were tasty in general. The service was great as well.Amazing experience. The family style meal was one of the best I've had. Every part was delicious and very fun to only eat with your hands. The staff was great and friendly. The place is byob and they never rushed us to leave. Great vibes all around!Sick of eating the same cuisine. Need a different taste and flavor, def try out perla! I've been waiting for a filipino restaurant to open in Philadelphia, luckily its only 7 blocks from my house. It's not your traditional filipino  it modernized with a delicious twist. Make sure you make room for dessert! Everything was amazing!Was visiting Philly this past weekend and a friend recommended this place.  I've had very little experience with Filipino food, but I can honestly say I was pleasantly surprised.  With our group of 5 we were able to try most of the menu, and everything was delicious.  But my personal favorites were the arctic char, pork belly adobo, and the lamb shank kare kare.  Oh, and I highly recommend the ube for dessert!  The flavor and textures were amazing.
The atmosphere was intimate, but not snooty.  With no corkage fee, it's a good place to pick up some beers and grab dinner with a group of friends, or bring a bottle of wine for date night.  I'd stop by again if I'm ever back in PhillyThe restaurant itself is nestled in a great little neighborhood, in a small space (maybe a dozen tables), is decorated with a sense of minimalism, and is a BYOB. Having never had Filipino food, I was curious to discover what was in store. To start we had Brussels Sprouts, which were nicely done. For dinner my wife had the Crispy Pata (fried pork knuckle) which she loved, while I had the strip steak, which although good, didn't "wow" me. As a side we had the Sinangag (bone marrow, jasmine rice, garlic confit) which was amazing! I wish I could recall what we ordered for dessert, but both desserts were amazing and capped off the meal wonderfully. The second dessert came compliments of our waiter (who was incredibly friendly), to make up for the fact that we were asked to wait about 20 minutes to be seated for our reservation. We're looking forward to returning for the Kamayan (family style) menu, which is served on Wednesdays and Sundays.A wonderful experience to try Kamayan style with co-workers.  Philly, being well known for its cheesesteaks, also has a Filipino gem in the city.  So glad to have found this place.  The portions were excellent and the staff was very friendly and professional.  Food tasted great!  I especially loved the seasonal vegetables.  Hope to visit again soon!Was able to make dinner reservations the same day on a Friday! Awesome. 
Location: Walking distance for me so not a problem. I know Passyunk is hard to find parking but if you're into valet, there is a stand right across the street at the Singing Fountain. 
Atmosphere: Cozy, like most of the Passyunk area restaurants, but not uncomfortable. Can get loud as everyone goes deep in their BYOB choices. Loved their music choices! Dress code is casual. 
Price: $45 prix fixe. For 2 people, just order everything on the menu! Again, BYOB. 
Service: Top notch. Kept everything clean, our cups and bread refilled, plates cleared and always making sure we were satisfied. The front of house staff were very pleasant.
Food: Their pan de sal is housemade and it's delicious! But I like all pan de sal. I like mine just a little more toasted. First course was a mackerel dish and it was yummy. Next up was the arroz caldo and the lechon kawali. We mixed the dishes together because I like to eat lechon with rice! Part of me also wanted to ask for some Mang Tomas. Next was the pinakbet and the duck adobo. The pinakbet was ok, nothing to rave about but I love duck and I love adobo! Finally, the dessert! SO GOOD. I was never huge on bibingka, but I liked it and their was SO good! I loved how nice and warm it was. The other option was the coconut panna cotta which was also wonderful and I couldn't stop raving about how good the dessert was when we left.
Overall a really great experience and holds up against the nearby heavyweights. I am hoping the best of luck to this restaurant and am very happy to have a high end Filipino restaurant in the area!Great food. All fresh and amazing developed flavors ! Super tender ribs. Sisig is defiantly something new to try! Don't miss to try pandesal bread - it's delightful! 
Definitely recommend to everybody !We went on Sunday for the family style.  It was very unique.  The table was covered by banana leaves and they piled food in the center.  It was a combination of rice, vegetables including okra and eggplant, fried fish, and chicken.  You eat it with your hands or you can ask for utensils.  Overall good food but just a bit on the expensive side.Walking through south philly where tons of restaurants sit, this place makes zero effort to stand out. The sign was obscure and you wouldn't guess that nestled behind the doors that made me feel like I was walking into my own house lied the greatest feast I have ever had! 
Prior to arriving, we had made reservations for a table of 6, we asked for 4 to be added, and the hostess made sure to personally call me back to let me know that they were only able to add 2 more to the reservation, which ended up being perfect because two of our friends canceled. 
I love how this place is BYOB. I strongly advise to drink heavily before you start eating because once the chef starts spreading the garlic rice, piling on fish, chicken, vegetables, and Lumpia on banana leaves in front of you, it'd be hard to focus on anything besides the food. Idk which item was my favorite, all of the food was cooked to perfection! 
It's also the company that makes this dining experience so great. Be sure you come with a good group of hungry friends! We even got the chef to take a picture with us! 
My only recommendation is to offer a seafood kamayan for more $$ option. The price is a bit steep but the experience is worth it! 
Btw: the bathroom is super clean and cute!Updating my review, came back here recently and tried the entire menu. Chef Lou since the original opening has added some new items and from what it seems to me, serving got a bit more generous! Must try on your next visit is the sisig and the kare kare...the short rib melts in your mouth and flavors again as mentioned, not traditionally filipino but reminiscent of it none the less. Their Kilawin also changes from time to time I was told but this has to be my one of my favorites, such a refreshing dish!We'd heard about this place through friends and after a few weeks of following their Instagram page, we made reservations for dinner with a group of friends.  It's a small place, quaint and welcoming.
With a larger group, we were able to do family style and try most of the menu.  There wasn't a single dish we didn't enjoy, but my personal favorites were the Sinangag (bone marrow over garlic rice), escargot, and octopus.  And the flan for dessert did not disappoint.
If you don't mind getting your hands a little dirty, Kamayan style is the way to go.  Were were so impressed with our first visit that we came back for the Kamayan dinner on our second visit.  On top of a generous portion of delicious chicken and fish over a bed of rice and veggies, the unique dining experience itself makes its really enjoyable especially in a group setting.  Needless to say, we'll be back.
Also, BYOB with no corkage was a huge plus.I get what they were trying to do here. Filipino cuisine doesn't get enough representation, especially on the East coast, and they wanted to elevate it. That said, I think they missed their mark. To take something like Sisig, which is a great dish, made from cheap parts of animals most people don't want, and just charge 18 dollars for it, didn't sit well with me. It also didn't taste that great in my opinion. 
That said, the adobe was good, and the waiter was really nice and very professional. Also, I really liked the ambiance, very intimate. Good date spot. 
I don't think I would go again, unless I went with a group for Kamayan to give that a try.I wasn't too excited when I looked at the menu of this BYOB place in advance, but was actually pleasantly surprised. Shared a bunch of small plates with my fam and though it wasn't my style of dinner, everything was pretty and better than I expected. 
*Octopus- fine flavor, nice and tender
*Ensaladang talong- thin slice of grilled eggplant topped with fresh tomatoes. This was very good- not at all what I was expecting from an Asian-ish restaurant
*Pancit- razor clams were sandy and chewy, but the noodles were flavorful. Not the rice noodles I was expecting, but pretty good.
*Pinakbet- mix of maitake mushroom, pattypan squah, carrots that all tasted better once dragged through the coconut flavored sauce.
*Pork belly- Disclosure, I didn't actually taste this one, but the boys said that the skin was tough instead of crispy
*Rice- a little chewy for my liking. Didn't try the bone marrow that was served with it
They brought my dad a birthday treat- a tasty dessert that reminded me of a pavlova with some type of light cream. This might have been my fave dish of the night. Service was fine, though the place was cooled with just fans so I wonder how hot it gets on a warmer night. The kitchen is open and we definitely left with clothes that smelled like grease. Not a place I would return to, but glad I tried it.Fantastic. Definitely make a reservation because the space is small. This restaurant reminded me of the small "off the beaten path" places I used to find when I lived in Cambridge/Boston. There is minimal decoration and the sign is barely visible from the street. It shares an entry way with an apartment building and we thought we'd gone in the wrong place at first! It feels like discovering a hidden gem. Once inside, the staff is the perfect level of attentive and the food is delicious. We were there on a Wednesday for the family style menu. They offered plates and silverware but suggested eating with our hands. We went with hands and it was great. We brought a bottle of wine for byo with no corking fee. I will definitely be going back.The Kamayan feast was a fantastic experience. Our group of four stuffed ourselves silly and still had so much left over. For three of the us, the dinner style was completely new, for our fourth, she is Filipina AND has her own Filipino pop-up in the Detroit area and the food passed her taste buds, and that was good enough for the rest of us.
I particularly loved the spring rolls and pork. The chicken was juicy, but would've been nice if it was cut up. I was way too full to even try the fish. It is a lot of food, which is probably why it's $40 but honestly, it is way too much food.
BYOB! And they provide a bucket with ice to chill your bottle(s) in!Does not live up to the HYPE! I went to their prefix menu night and was not impressed at all. The food wasn't hot and the chicken tasted like Costco  Rotisserie chicken and the pork was so dry I couldn't even swallow it. Only thing that was good was fish and the rice. This place is good for the experience of eating with your hand and eating off the banana leafs and all but it is NOT worth 40 dollars.This restaurant is so good! Pretty setting, very kind and thoughtful staff, and really delicious food! We went for dinner out and enjoyed trying new foods and flavor combinations in such a pretty spot. I highly recommend this restaurant.Went on a Wednesday and experienced the Kamayan (pre-fixed) menu. And I mean experienced. I could drone on about the expertly marinated whole chicken that was slow cooked and then lightly fried, or the mountain of fresh rice and delicious vegetables, or the whole fish...but it was the experience that set this place apart. Well, that and the four sauces that somehow complemented everything on the table. 
You're encouraged to eat with your hands (rice and all) but you don't have to if that doesn't suit you. And the staff is friendly, including the owner/Chef who slowed down just enough to chat about his influences and inspirations. 
A must-try--experience for yourself!I came here for Sunday's Kamayan dinner and I came away very impressed and very satisfied. 
The Kamayan is offered every Sunday via reservation and consists of lechon kawali (crispy fried pork belly), lumpia (egg rolls with minced pork), chicken inasal (marinated grilled chicken), whole fish (pompano this time), and pinakbet (Filipino style vegetables), all served over sinangag (garlic fried rice). your table is lined with banana leaves and all the food is brought out together and laid out on top. the setup is very unique and I could see myself coming back regularly for it. The meats and rice are also served with homemade sauces of banana ketchup (Filipino version has a little heat), and a soy sauce/vinegar/garlic dip which is very traditional and goes well with grilled / fried meats. 
the flavors were on point and the entire meal was an interesting and delicious take on modern Filipino cuisine/flavors. Eating that meal over rice with your hands definitely satisfies your cravings for Filipino comfort food while also providing for a fresh take on traditional dishes. I think those unfamiliar with Filipino flavors should find it very accessible while those who count themselves as Pinoy food purists should enjoy traditional flavors presented in some non-traditional ways. 
At $40 per person, the value for the Kamayan is unbeatable. Our party gorged themselves and still had enough for about 4 full to go containers. I can't recommend it highly enough. Lastly, the location is great right across from the singing fountain on Passyunk and part of a growing and formidable restaurant row.Magnificent, elevated, accessible Filipino food. Super warm and sweet and engaged staff.
Octopus is crispy on the outside but not chewy. Shortrib kare kare is both homey like your Lola makes but would also win on Top Chef. Lamb caldereta is complex and spicy but not overwhelming. One dessert is a crispy meringue on an ube puree that is an incredible harmony of textures.
Cannot recommend enough. Glorious.My sisters and I came to Perla as part of a dining club we had started - and boy, were we impressed! We got the octopus, bone marrow rice, trout, and mushroom dish. Every dish was better than the last and our server, Geo, was phenomenal. I can't wait to come back to this incredible BYOB!Just called to confirm a reservations for next week.  I expect the host to be more friendly and less dismissive for a place like Perla.  I've dine here before and the servers are superb and knowledgeable.
My sister called last week as well to confirm the same reservations and was told someone will call her back but never did.  Which is why I had to call in and I feel I had the same issue with the host over the phone. 
Now I understand why my sister didn't want to call back. 
I just wanted to leave a review for the host.Last night was my second Kamayan experience at Perla - and it was every bit delicious and festive as the first!  This time it was an 8-person outing to celebrate my Dad's birthday.  My Filipino parents are otherwise the toughest critics of Filipino cuisine LOVED every morsel on the table.  Perla nails the flavor profile of Filipino food while introducing newbies in fun exciting ways.  The experience was delightfully fun and intimate at the same time - and the service was gracious and attentive.  Thank you Perla for making my Dad's birthday so fun, delicious and memorable!LOVED my experience at Perla last weekend.  It was loud, as we were in between two groups of about 8 people each, but that's the fun of BYOB restaurants in Philadelphia, everyone having a good time.  The food and service were just fantastic! My husband and I shared 2 appetizers, each got an entree, and then had a dessert.  Good portion sizes - we were quite full at the end.  If you eat fish, definitely get the tuna kinilaw appetizer! One of my favorite things of the night.  So fresh and flavorful, I could have eaten another order. The pieces of fish were a great size too, not small like many similar appetizers.  My husband loved the pork belly entree, and I was obsessed with the beef cheeks. My only complaint - I forgot my leftovers at the restaurant and couldn't eat them the next day!Very impressed with the presentation.. but mostly with the taste of each dish!!
Coming from a Filipino household...Filipino food was always very tasty but didnt always look eye appealing.. but PERLA... gave Filipino Dishes a certain glam!! Presenting each dish like a piece of edible art! #Yum #GetInMyBelly!!I'm a Filipino American and a great home cook.  I wanted to see what the young new chefs are doing to help make Filipino food more mainstream so hubby and I decided to try this place.  It's not the typical Filipino food so don't expect Filipino food restaurant prices.  It's byob so bring your own wine.
The place is small but has a nice intimate ambiance but typical of this area, parking is non-existent.  
We ordered pansit, octopus, fried rice, kare-kare and mango drink.  By the way, the wait staff is one awesome dude.
1)  We tried the pansit and it was a beautifully presented (a 4) but I was not fond of the dish, not enough veggie and the combination of seasoning was not a  flavor profile I would rave about, so I would rate that a 3.  
2)  The octopus was cooked to perfection; crunchy, lightly breaded, and tender so I would say 4.5.  I would rate it a 5 if the serving size was a bit bigger.  LoL.
3)  The garlic fried rice was quite a sight to behold (a definite 5) but unfortunately for me it was a bit on the softer side obviously made with fresh hot rice rather than cold rice and IMHO lacking a bit of garlic so a 3.5 overall. 
4)  Oh my goodness, the Kare-kare was awesome.  The presentation could not be better.  The meat melts in your mouth, the vegetables are just crisp enough to still be the beautiful colors to please the eyes, the sauce is not the typical one I would expect to see but the favor is Kare-kare spot on.  The meat is Lamb shank, the awesomeness of using a different meat is unbelievable.  I would rave more but I wanted a bigger serving and more veggies for the price.
5)  Hmmmm...... Mango juice, not much to say  
We tried this place to see how the new innovative Filipino-American chefs are doing to mainstream the food and I am glad to say that Perla has succeeded beautifully.  Definitely a place to go to.Being Filipino, I was super excited to have this restaurant open in my neighborhood. And I was not disappointed! I came on Sunday night for the family style dinner that they do. So much food for only $40 a person (not including tip) and it's BYOB. The food was delicious and I probably had the best garlic fried rice I ever had. 
I'm really glad I have somewhere to go that serves amazing Filipino food and the service was excellent as well. The servers were very attentive and accommodating. I will definitely come back here and I can't wait to bring my mom!My girlfriend is Filipino and the food here gave her an experience like in the movie Ratatouille where Anton Ego has flashbacks to his childhood. We have done the kamayan dinner three times and it is always delicious. Personally I do not eat the whole day before the kamayan dinner because they give you a lot of food. The servings on the normal menu are much smaller but worth it for the quality of the food.I cannot deny the excitement I felt when I learned that there was a "Filipino" joint opening up in South Philly.  It did not strike me until after that in some pockets of South Philly, some ethnic brands of cuisine end up being inextricably changed (i.e. appropriated) to cater to those with tastes of a (let's say) paler pigment.  Unfortunately, Perla suffers the same fate that befell Bing Bing Dim Sum; jacked up prices for food stuffs that are almost unrecognizable from the original source material... kind of like casting Scarlet Johansson in the live action "Ghost in the Shell" (the main ingredient is inexplicably changed to attempt to appeal to the pale majority); but unlike "Ghost in the Shell" it would appear that the 4.5 average cume star rating would indicate that most have been fooled into buying into this farce of Filipino cuisine.
That's not to say that the food here isn't carefully crafted by masterful hands.  Not at all.  It will be the most fancifully presented "Filipino" food you will ever dare to gaze upon (at least in my lifetime, I've not set my eyes on "Filipino" food that bore such a garish facade).  Not to sell my people's food short... but our stuff was made for peasants, by peasants, to appeal to peasants (i.e. the masses).  They took trash ingredients and, like the ever innovative Filipino is wont to do (that's my people for you), created something very special.  E.G. sizzling sisig... it's pig face; they say you can put lipstick on a pig, but it'll still be a pig... developed during the great war when soldiers would discard pig heads (since so one at the time knew how to use them).  Some time later, the soldiers "donated" the pig heads to Filipino people to do with them as they would... as necessity (a desire to eat) spurned innovation, my people developed a way to make pig face not only palatable, but actually delicious.
Sisig - chopped up pig face, skillet fried with peppers and spices, finished off with an egg cracked on top.  Pairs perfectly with a cold beer as it's still served "sizzling" on a skillet.  Not a pretty presentation, but you can't deny the allure of the hissing sizzling of the skillet and a golden yold on top.  However, at this place, the sisig isn't sizzling... and they essentially top the (not diced nearly enough) chunks of pig parts with an egg that had lost the golden yolk (i.e. they pre-cooked the egg, overdone it, and topped off the bowl of pig parts).  
Another miss was the adobo.  Adobo is another signature Filipino dish that was borne out of necessity, and made overly complex here (and ironically inferior despite the quality ingredients and stellar visual presentation).  The adobo concoction came from the need to preserve meat without need for refrigeration, so the combination of salty soy sauce and acidic vinegar proved to be an effective agent in keeping meats tasty and unspoiled; hell, the stuff tends to taste better the longer it sits.  As Perla likely doesn't engage in letting their duck ferment in the soy/vinegar mix, they've overcompensated by making the sauce too salty and too tart (with the tartness being more that of a citrus-y flavor as opposed to a vinegar one).  Disappointing.
Perhaps I should visit on a Kamayan night (on Sundays).  Seems like they do a more simple preparation of the food (instead of being so try-hard).  That said, looks like they've engaged in the time honored YT people appropriation tactic of price gouging for that as well -_-I love it here. I tend to come on major holidays. It's the only Filipino restaurant in Philly so it's a must try! In the past year, I've only come 3 times but the staff remembers me every time! They are truly so nice and care so much about their customers. It really shows. The food is phenomenal and the Kumayan is worth trying!!!Never thought eating with my hands would be so much fun-- love the kamayan dinner!Quaint, but cool little restaurant. The food was delicious. Rice should've been included with the meal or at least at a cheaper cost.  Wish they gave a basket of pan de sal to start, but I suppose just one was enough calories . The staff was very friendly.  Another thing is I wish there was a sign outside.  My friend and I walked passed it twice looking for it.  I would definitely come back... Especially to try the kamayan dinner!Three stars for the food plus one star for the environment.
So the experience with Kamayan style was amazing, but the food itself was just ok for 40 bucks per person. Basically you pay almost 50 bucks (incl. tips) for very regular southeast asian food.
It's fixed menu/price, and the chef choose what to serve you. 
They first give you fried rice on the table as a base. It's very dry and hard almost like half cooked, A food truck can do better fried rice than that. 
Then traditional southeast asian taste veggie over the rice.
After that, one whole chicken cut into half over the veggie, as well as a whole fried fish.
The chicken is regular roasted chicken that you can get anywhere in Acme. Some part of the chicken was not even fully cooked. The fish is probably the best thing on that table. Also you will get a few spring roll and pork belly chunks. 
So that's pretty much ALL what your 40 bucks pay for. I have been to Marrakesh (a Moroccan spot where you also eat with hands). You pay less than 25 bucks for 7 courses of meal. And in Perla, we ended up paying more than 200 bucks for four people. With that much money, you probably can dine in Buddakan and get way better food.
But overall, what I am trying to say here is, yes go there and try the Kamayan dinning style once in your life. Then don't do it again unless someone pays you to go.Confused and disappointed with this Saturday night dinner. Strangely coursed meal for 6. Came out three dishes at a time.  Small dishes, only enough for a couple of bites. Didn't care for most of flavors and textures. Although we had loved our Sunday night family meal experience -- the food was excellent and so was the service -- this regular menu was a let down.I chose Perla for a special occasion recently and we fell in LOVE. Everything from the sticky rice to the chicken, fish and veggie Kamayan feast to the utter dining experience and forks-free environment itself was incredibly fresh and liberating! This was one of the cooler experiences I've gotten to partake in lately and I will most certainly be back. 
Warning: Do not come here with anyone whose general hygiene you may have in question (spoiler alert: you'll be eating with your hands, unless you request other arrangements which, in my opinion, seriously deters from the entire vibe of this stellar spot) and do not come here if you are not interested in broadening your culinary horizons. 
Everyone else, get here ASAP!Everything about this restaurant makes me happy. A group of us went to celebrate my boyfriend's birthday on Christmas Eve. We had a private menu and Linda even customized it with his name! She and I had emailed a few times to plan everything. She is one of the most friendly, hospitable people I've ever come across. I can't say thank you enough. 
The food...YUM. I've never had Filipino cuisine, so I was pleasantly surprised. Octopus, pork belly and short rib were amazing. We'll definitely be back to try other items on the regular menu. Thanks, Perla!!Came here for a family dinner/celebration and had an outstanding experience both on food and service. The restaurant fits exactly what the Passyunk scene is all about--well prepared, unique, exciting and delicious food. Perla is far from any traditional Filipino restaurant (servings are small but works to your advantage because it makes you want to order the other items in the menu and therefore experiencing more than just one plate) but being a Filipino as well as a food lover, I enjoyed what they offered. Fresh, well prepared and flavor-balanced food.  
All dishes gave you a play on textures and taste. The pinakbet which traditionally is a mush of vegetables were interpreted with crunch from the grilled vegetables, the acidity from the pickled bittermelon, the rustic flavor of the sauce. The same goes for my favorite duck adobo, it was both sweet and sour and duck was prepared well, not always easily achieved by other places I've tried but Perla did it! Oh I should mention the delicious pandesal (bread) that they start with and the bibingka they end with, unlike most common desserts, this is a warm soft, sweet and salty, fluffy bready dessert. 
I cannot wait for what else Chef Lou has to offer as the restaurant matures and I have yet to try the popular Sunday's kamayan which I'm sure will be as exciting.I have been a member of yelp for several years now, but this will be my first review ever written. 
6 of us went to Perla (BYOB) for dinner yesterday night and had reservations for 8:30. We were running a little late, so as courtesy, we called to let them know and they were very nice and took no issue. This was our first time dining at Perla and I have been wanting to come since I first heard of its opening. As a group, we decided to order one of everything on the menu, but got two of the sinangag. Everything was AMAZING! I could not tell you what my favorites were.  The night began with a small pickled salad complimentary from the chef, which was a good palate cleanser. As for menu items, the kinilaw was so light and refreshing, the escabeche was super tender, and that sinangang was the bomb. The bone marrow just melted on the tongue and that garlic rice was so fragrant! All the entrées were incredible as well! None of us were disappointed. Of the main dishes, the pancit and lechon were my favorites, but I enjoyed every bite of everything. My only one complaint is that I found the duck to be a little on the rare side, but it was still delicious nonetheless. 
As for dessert, we brought a cake to celebrate a late birthday, but were told that there was a fee of $3 per person to cut the cake. Because of that, we decided to just have the cake brought out to sing and blow out candles, but then pack it away instead of cutting it. However, at the end of the night, we ordered each of the desserts, as we were also planning to try them, and our waitress was super kind and asked the chef to let us cut the cake free of charge. The reasoning behind the fee is that it takes away from their business because people will bring their own dessert without purchasing theirs, which is totally understandable. But because we had ordered dessert from the restaurant and the waitress thought were we nice people (we try haha), she was willing to ask the chef for us. I must tell you, I'm still dreaming about that panna cotta. It was so smooth, not overly sweet, and the pumpkin seeds gave it a nice crunch for that added texture. 
The service deserves a 5 star rating as well. The hostess and our waitress were so warm and welcoming and also attentive. She was coming around every once in a while to make sure everything was ok and that our water glasses were filled. It was also a late dinner, so we did not feel rushed whatsoever. 
Overall, we had an incredible dining experience and it was so worth it. I'm getting ready to move to LA and I can say that when I come back to visit Philly, I will definitely get my reservation in. I hope to try the traditional Sunday dinner next time.Perla is truly a gem. Delicious food. Interesting flavors. Gracious service. Dessert was delicious! Gluten-free options, too.I dined at Perla for my first night in Philadelphia. After a long day of sight seeing, it was nice to unwind with BYOB to a cozy,  intimate, and friendly atmosphere. There was a few of us, so we were able to enjoy the entire al carte menu. The kitchen spaced out the entrees perfectly, as we savored and devoured everything. Each was beautiful plated, generous portion, and delicious. We had to double up on the Spanish Octopus because it was THAT GOOD. Another must try was the Sisig and Pancit. However, my favorite was their dessert, Ube.... AAMMAAZZZIINNGGG.... light , airy, with a hint of sweetness. Till this day I think of it. Please come to LA.It started when I saw a photo of my friend enjoying a kamayan dinner in LA. I was like, what is this amazingness on bamboo leaves? It looks like happiness. I was very pleasantly surprised to discover that Philadelphia has a kamayan restaurant!
I don't venture to Passyunk area frequently but each time I do I'm pleasantly surprised, and Perla was no exception. 
The kamayan dinner is only served on Wednesdays and Sundays which is tough for out of town guests that are visiting for just the weekend but eventually coordination worked and four of us went on a Sunday night. The table next to us was also a table of four and we overheard how good they thought the food was and omg we're so full and can we please get take home containers?
Umm.... our table completely decimated our dinner because I was amazing. The rice, the fish, the lumpia, the sauces, the eating with your hands: heaven!! No leftovers. Just happy bellies.
One caveat: I kept referring to the restaurant as La Perla which is NOT the same establishment.....I dined at perla with serval friends for a birthday dinner.we had the authentic Filipino dinner. The food is great and the staff is very friendly. Thank you Lou.An energetic, fun, tasty Filipino BYOB in the middle of lively E. Passyunk. We went for a kamayan meal with a group of six, including a picky-eating family member who usually takes issue with white rice ("Poison! Refined carbs will kill you!")--spoiler: when the feast was delivered, she was wide-eyed and found the garlicky coconut rice enticing and delicious. Our dinner came with whole fish, roasted whole chicken, pinakbet vegetable stew in a coconut sauce with delicious eggplant and tender okra, grilled pork belly with vinegar and pepper sauce and a chicken liver and date condiment. Sweet, salty, garlicky, gingery, funky, fishy and coconutty: all of the very best things! Everything about this meal was an absolute pleasure, and the friendly, welcoming, warm staff is a part of the experience. Perla is a treat and a destination for a special meal with family and friends, kamayan style or otherwise. I'm so happy it's here in Philly and can't wait to return.Fantastic food! My favorite was the octopus appetizer. Staff was super friendly. Small cozy atmosphere.I had a friend from out of town hearing about Perla and waiting to try it. I put us on the waiting list for their Sunday family dinner and eventually got off the wait list and the experience was amazing! So much food and the experience of eating awesome garlic rice with your hands is definitely a first. The sauces were really amazing and the dessert was interesting to say the least. For $40 and Byob, this was definitely worth it!!!Have you been to a Filipino restaurant? Exactly! That's why you should check this place out! Keep in mind, there are two ways to enjoy Perla, the contemporary Filipino cuisine and the ridiculous Kamayan family style menu (see other yelper's photos - yes, the ones with fish, chicken, pork belly over a forest of leaves).
Must try: Sisig, kinilaw, spanish octopus, the complementary bread
Meh: crispy pata
Missed: sinan gag, short rib kare kare
My wife and I came here during restaurant week and I gotta say, it was pretty awesome! The menu was slightly limited, but we were glad that the chef was able to provide us options from the regular menu instead of the restaurant week menu. We definitely recommend the sisig (combo of pork jowl, pig ears, liver, heart) and guarantee that you've never tried anything like it before! Of course, the octopus was perfect, chewy and savory and the kinilaw was quite refreshing and still makes me smile when I recall the texture of the fish with a hint of the sea. Unfortunately, I was not a big fan of the main menu, which includes the popular crispy pata (fried pork knuckle) and the duck breast (restaurant week menu). The size of the pork knuckle was impressive, but lacked the complexity of flavors I've come to expect from the previous contenders. The duck was decent and chewy, but I would have liked a more gamy taste. The dessert selection included the ube and a fried-crepe like dessert. I really liked the ube mousse, especially enjoyed the salty crunches from the salt crystals, which I presumed to be the ube ash; the other one was meh.
Overall, I really loved the small plates, but the bigger plates were a bit disappointing. I think I'd definitely try out the sinan gag and kare kare in the future and recommend this for every adventurous eater out there!
Food: 4 stars
Service: 4 stars
Ambiance: 4 stars
Price: 3-4 starsSkip the steakhouse and take your date here instead. 
The ambience is calm, peaceful and you can actually hear each other speak. 
The food was just perfectly seasoned and not over cooked. I have a sensitive stomach and I can't stand it when chefs go heavy on the oil or grease just to increase the flavor . Perla does not do that at all. Everything had a mild and yet complex flavor. I normally don't like octopus because it's always chewy or slimy, but theirs was crispy and light. The Arctic char was the perfect texture - creamier than raw salmon and milder than raw tuna.
The service was excellent, as well. The staff was attentive and was perfectly fine with the fact that my parents ran 15 minutes to our reservation. 
The space is cozy, though, so you definitely want to get a reservation. 
Buy local tip: I didn't realize it was a BYO but my sister was clever and hopped over to the Bottle Shop on East Passyunk and got us some wine to pair with our meal. 
Although the prices were slightly above what I would normally pay for dinner, if you compare it to any of the steakhouses or churrascurrias in town, you would likely pay the same amount and get a much more crowded atmosphere and food cooked in big batches with a lot of oil and with less refined flavor. 
Love love love, I'll definitely be back.A small, home like environment where you are bound to see someone in the Filipino community. The servers make you feel like it's their home and went above and beyond for my comfort. Keep in mind it gets hot in their real quick, so don't pick a hot summer night to come here, unless you like the heat.  
The kinilaw (scallops) were divine. Such a lovely marriage of fruity, herby, zesty, seafood. The avocado vinaigrette tied everything together. This is a great starting dish.  
The octopus was good, but it reinforces my opinion that New York is the only place that knows how to cook it to perfection. I liked the oil they cooked the octopus in. Not sure exactly what it was, but it enhanced rather than distracted from the meal. The batter had more of a tempura crispiness than fried chicken. There was still a chewiness to the octopus, but its more pleasant than unpleasant. The bed of sweet peppers and atchara were a nice touch, especially when most octopus dishes go for a creamy profile.  
The sisig was the highlight of my meal. It had all the jungle meats, compacted into a sizzling war zone of a cast iron skillet. Once I popped the egg on top, swirling the meat around felt like a cage match between all the gamy, primal meats. Pork jowls, chicken hearts, pig eggs, and much more! I love how the skillet left a char on all the bits without overlooking anything. Even though I wanted to reach for some type of spicy sauce, the dish was fine without it.  
The bibingka reminded me of pound cake, but with a cornbread like structure. Had a good coconut flavor that wasn't too sweet or overwhelming. The moisture level was pretty good for being just rice flour. I mentioned to the waiter that some ice cream would have gone great with this, but they dont have freezers to store ice cream. The waiter went above and beyond to satisfy my craving of moisture by bringing out some ube mousse for free! Once I combined the two, my dessert was complete! I highly recommend everyone order both and mix them together.We went with a group of eight last Sunday for the Kamayan family style dinner. It was my first time at Perla, absolutely blown away. The food is spectacular, everything in front of you. Rice, veggies, chicken, ground pork, pork belly, chicken and whole fish. Plenty of food for everyone, eat with your hands, BYO, great ambiance. The owner/chef was out talking and serving everyone, a really memorable experience. At $40 per person, this will be the best $40 you spend in the city. Mixed reviews on dessert, I loved it, others did not, and I happily took theirs home; light chocolaty, salty, what more do you want?
Already made reservations to go back in a couple of weeks to try the a la carte menu.What a great addition to the heavy hitters of the East Passyunk restaurant scene. Ill start off by saying sorry...sorry to anyone who is serving this style of food, because after dining at Perla, its going to be hard to meet my newly developed standards of Filipino style food. You see, Perla serves a cuisine I have never really experimented with, 'modern' Filipino, and I am happy this was my 1st experience. It was so good, I should probably write 3 separate reviews, (Food / Service / Decor) but I will try my best to cram then into one.
After a friendly visit and introduction of the menu from the chef, we were torn between so much, we decided to order it all. From Bone Marrow Rice to Duck Adobo to Coconut Panna Cotta. We were served dish after dish promptly, but not over-bearing. It was like magic, as soon as we were finished the Spanish Octopus, the Prawns were waiting to be devoured. And that we did. 
The best part about each course, was the way that each accompanying sauce/veggie paired perfectly with the main dish. All prepared in an open kitchen by the chef only 25 feet away. Which leads me to the decor, simple, yet elegant...modern yet traditional... hmm i seem a theme here, who ever designed this space really creates an atmosphere as unique as the flavors you will experience while dining here.
Can't wait to go back on a Sunday for the Kamayan dinner special!
See ya soon Perla!Finding Filipino cuisine in Philadelphia or surrounding area is like finding Prada at Nordstrom Rack, it's nearly impossible. My husband, our two friends and I went to Perla for the first time on Sunday, 1/22/2017 for the 7:45 Kamayan Family style dinner. The staff was so friendly, guided us to our seat, provided water and brought over wine glasses. They engaged in conversations, asked about our experience with Filipino food. The chef stopped by a few times to check-in on us and see how everything went. I cannot stay enough about how amazing the staff was. The bathroom was super clean and the hand soap is amazing, I'm buying some for my house! 
The sinangag was plentiful, we ate so much and still had so much left on the table, very traditional flavors. Chicken Inisal was one of the best, it brought back memories of my childhood when we were stationed there. It was moist, flavorful and one of the best dish of the entire night. The fried fish was exquisite, the bones was the only thing left, it was picked clean. The lechon kawali was awesome, who would hate pork belly? If you do then you're not human. The lumpia was decent, not my favorite, delicious but we all have our own way of making lumpia so we think no one else's lumpia is better than what we make at home. I love the ginger in the lumpia, that was something new to me and I may have to add to my recipe. Pinakbet was perfectly executed, crisp vegetables and the combination of all those variety of greens, eggplants, squash, cauliflower was brilliant, there were other veggies in there too. 
For $40 each, you absolutely cannot beat a better bargain and an amazing experience that I got to share with my husband and friends. We all loved eating with our hands and I highly suggest that if you do the Kamayan dinner, DO NOT ask for utensils, dive in, immerse yourself in the culture and enjoy the food! 
To the Chef and staff, I wish you all many years of  prosperity in Philadelphia and I hope you continue to do well in Philadelphia, there is definitely a need for your culinary style in this great city of ours. 
The Bibingka was not my favorite, I was expecting a really traditional one but it was delicious. I guess I was just so immersed in the tradition that I thought I was getting a bibingka served in banana left with eggs in it and coconut shavings on top, maybe next time! 
The only thing I disliked which I say this to other restaurants with other issues, the ventilation system needs to be improved. I smelled like food when I left the restaurant but its worth every scent I took home because the food was amazing. 
I look forward to coming many more times and hope to bring many more friends who are always asking me what does authentic Filipino food taste like. I do like your other menu options which offers the Filipino concept and I look forward to trying it but you have me as a fan for your Kamayan dinners!This was one of the best meals I have ever had. The fried pork knuckle, octopus, and fish were all incredible. I loved the traditional Philipino dessert. The service was impeccable. Such a wonderful experience!!Came here during restaurant week and was glad I was finally able to make it out here.  I love filipino food and was mainly holding out for one of their fam style kamayan dinner nights but somehow was having trouble finding a crew for this.  And so me and my buddy head in.  Forgot it was byo and was good my buddy brought a bottle of wine and we had a drink beforehand nearby.  Didn't realize that it was a 30 seat spot which had a good ambience.  Our server was a cute, friendly and had a trustworthy look to her and so I went with her suggestions.  The bread that we got after placing our order was slightly sweet like Hawaiian bread.  For the 1st course, I had the sigsig which is a mix of delicious pork jowl, pigs ear, chicken hearts, liver with garlic and topped with a fried egg.  I can't deny the traditional dish which tasted better than my buddies first course which I think was the unexpectedly fried Spanish octopus dish.  I could see he was disappointed that his meal was fried and that mine was so much better ha.  The 2nd course, I had the beef cheek kaldereta which was also pretty good and for me better than the Rohan duck. Ready which tasted liked a well seasoned steak (better than the duck hearts at Zahav, which seems an acquired taste).  Was glad this wasn't made with oz fail which I don't care for since I usually always wind up with grisly bites.  For the 3rd course I had to go with the flan, which was not the flan I had in 8th grade.  It was sweet and not overly so which each scoop.  Service was good and the food was excellent and I can't wait til I can get my hands sticky with the kamayan dinner!Kamayan Sundays are awesome!!!!!!! Garlic rice, fish, pork and chicken all laid out! It feels good to see a Filipino restaraunt be this great in my section of the city. Will def come back to try the regular menu. Amazing chef/ staff. A nice intimate BYOB.