I did call 911.. the make, model and color of the car was given.  I know what we saw and I am sorry that you find the incident objectionable​, we did also.Ron, the owner I am assuming was thoughtful enough to respond to my review of his establishment.  His indication that my impression was wrong was and still is incorrect. 
EMS was questioned by a woman who was behind the counter; she took it upon herself upon re-entering your restaurant to announce to one and all that someone from inside had called 911.  Luckily, my husband and I who just happens to be Philadelphia Police Lt were sitting at the window directly across from our erstwhile junkie's car which removed any difficulty in figuring out who had made the call.  
In light of the fact that your employee (older white male wearing glasses looked for the heroin Pooky had placed in the trash can when she thought  "five oh" was coming) was seen rummaging through the trash bin located at Wheatsheaf and Frankford, no mention of your rear dumpster was made, I fail to see how my review was inaccurate.  My one regret in light of the fact that you in tandem with the majority of your employees are seemingly ok with this type of behavior.. That I asked my husband because there were other customers not to call the desk Sgt at the 25th to request assistance  prior to him making numerous arrests.IF you don't GO, You'll Never KNOW!!! This place is by far one of THE best breakfast places in the city! Owners are usually on the premises, but you'd never know it! They cook and wait tables too. I love this place, their Pancakes are phenomenal, their Pork Roll is the real deal Taylor's. There isn't anything on the menu over $6.00  Gotta Love IT!Came back here for the first time in years. I used to come all the time when I was a kid. I brought my boyfriend and he was shocked that his french toast was $3.25. He was even more shocked when he tasted it and realized it was the best french toast he'd ever had. 
I love this place so much,I was here this morning eating breakfast with my cousin. It's a little rough on the outside but the food makes up for it all. The host had us sit wherever we liked in which we elected a seat near the window. The server was great and she was helpful with our orders. French Toast was good, nothing over the top but delicious. Scrambled Eggs and cheese with Turkey bacon did it for me! a cup of OJ and I was full for the rest of the morning. It wasn't expensive at all. This is a great economical breakfast, great for hangovers as well.   They close a little early(2-3 pm)  but then again it's not exactly a diner. Definitely give it a try if you're in the areaIt's a nice little spot, waitstaff is... interesting, last time we went my stepdad found a green bean in his cup of tea, so I don't think I'll be going back there any time ever. If you want good breakfast, check out the Athenian on Torresdale ave.Super trashy. Workers look like drug addicts. 
Hard headed waitresses. 
Food is undercooked. 
They are just lazy!
This is just for if u got drunk the night before and don't care about quality of the food.I went because of the "hype" - I have been hearing about this place my whole life and never bothered to check it out.  If you want bang for your buck - this is the place to go.  However, it's just mediocre breakfast food - and it's a hole in the wall place. They MIGHT have 10 tables. It was packed so we sat at the bar where we got to watch everyone work (this is where the cooking happens).  They deliver now, which is something I might take advantage of in the future -if I don't feel like cooking. All around opinion? Not impressed, but not dissatisfied.If you like great quick service, while also getting the best bang for your buck stop by the Clown House and you won't be disappointed.Good food. Quick service.  Definitely shows it's age and not the cleanest place to eat.  Decent on street parking.The good;. Food was delicious and served in a very timely fashion.  We had have the pleasure of having Amy as our waitress and she was a delight!  I would highly recommend that she be requested as she was very nice, funny and the only employee that didn't appear to be participating in a remake of Sugar Hill with Pooky as the main character.
The bad: If you find watching heroin addicts inject drugs in their car as a priceless view; you will feel at home; we were wondering if we had morphed into anthropologists.  The employees were obviously rather familiar with this esrtwhile duo and welcomed them in to their fold as Rescue/EMS had left them to their own devices.  The fact that the employees were horrified that someone, me, would have called 911 was at best disheartening; listening to a 60-70 year old woman disparage the first responders as if people have the right to inject God know what into their veins was reprehensible.  I would never recommend that someone patronize this establish... The last straw ... Watching the kitchen staff check an exterior trash can for the drugs that had been stashed there by Pooky and her friend... Do we really think he washed his hands?"Where everybody knows your name"! 
A throwback to a time when people went to a local place to eat and enjoy each other's company.  An old fashioned diner on the block! Truly a neighborhood staple Pete's has been here for over 30 years. Everything everything is prepared fresh when you order it and usually made by the owner of the establishment for you, right at the grill in front of your eyes.  Specials under $5 most days. Open for breakfast and lunch , fantastic diner/luncheonette experience.Your typical North Philly neighborhood diner. The food and service were good. There was a lot of friendly help around which was nice. I got the Pete's special omelette with home fries...swapped the mushrooms out for tomato, no biggie. Home fries were like little potato chunks; not like those thin-cut boxed-up prepackaged jawns. My dad got a chicken broccoli soup and a meatball sub with fries. The sub and fries were good but the soup was creamy and delicious and just on point. He also got a tomato juice and a coffee. I too got a coffee which surprisingly had a lemon seed at the bottom of the mug...not a great find but what was I gonna do about it then?...complain??...yea, ok. The best part about this place was the price...it was pretty damn cheap, like $12 I think. Can't beat that.My fiancé and I used to get food delivered to us from Pete's Clown house all the time because it was very good, fast delivery, and affordable; we stopped because one day few yrs ago he and I both got sick from it. We decided to give them another chance. We tried there again yesterday and it again was very fast delivery, affordable, and very good. My fiancé again though almost got sick, and had to go to the bathroom a few times right after eating. Unfortunately, we won't be eating there anymore.An errand first brought us to this rather undistinguished part of town, and we decided to  grab breakfast in the 'hood before moving on to the next item on the "to do" list.  The Yelp Nation (thanks Yelpers) led us here, and we now are huge fans of Pete's Clown House!   
If ever there was a diner that belonged in a Rocky film, this is it.  Everyone is in high gear; the waitstaff knows the regulars' names, life stories and usual orders; the griddle master-owner, visible through the front window,  deftly juggles huge numbers of orders while variously singing and gently managing the chaos; and the food is darn good for a pittance.   Here, most delightfully, classic Philly accents and patois fill the air.
The best seats in the house are at the counter, where you can truly enjoy the three-ring circus that is Pete's.   We watched as many as eight wait persons and kitchen staff tended to their appointed tasks in  in the narrow space between the counter and the back wall.  There were no collisions, no dropped china and everyone was polite to and cooperative with their co-workers.
Our generously-proportioned breakfasts were quickly served and our coffee cups were kept full.   Mr. M. had a cheese and egg omelet, home fries, scrapple, rye toast and coffee. All of which he  proclaimed excellent.   I had the "He Man" breakfast to have an opportunity to sample several items.   For $5.99, my breakfast included 2 eggs over easy, 5 strips of bacon, a huge mound of home fries, buttered rye toast, a pancake and coffee.   The eggs were perfectly cooked and even had a crunchy, lacy edge,   The bacon, which was shared, was perfectly crisp.  The home fries were the real deal (we saw the vats of sliced (not shredded) boiled potatoes delivered to the grill-master) and had a good crust on them.   I had only three bites of the pancake, and it was o.k.   I prefer pancakes that have more loft.  My husband was kind enough to polish it off.  The coffee was robust and favorful without a bitter finish.
Pete's is incredibly popular, and by 10:00, there was a queue awaiting tables.  And we surmise that SOS is one of the most popular items as they went through at least three gallons of it during the hour we were there.
We look forward to many future trips to Pete's.One of the best breakfast spots for the working man, in Philadelphia... Good food, hot coffee, and low prices.  There's a reason they are always crowded... Today I had grilled cheese, homefries, coffee, and soup for less than six bucks.Our most recent visit has moved us to give Pete's another star.  Anyone who claims to be a "Philadelphian" or seeks an authentic Philly experience needs to place Pete's on their "must do" list.  The extra star is for Pete's consistency in genuineness, warmth, food quality and pricing.   The owner's obvious compassion, demonstrated by his hiring individuals whose career options might be otherwise limited, impresses us beyond words.   Get thee to Pete's Clown House!Good breakfast food at great prices. The rag tag crew of waitresses remind of awesome movies such as The Toxic Avenger, The Goonies, and Elephant man. When you go there, you'll know what i'm talking about!Good food and decent service at a cheap price. I got 2 eggs and bacon and it was just what I expected. Place is a little small. If you're in a rush and need to grab a quick bite check this place out.Greasy spoon without the grease. Place is bare bones necessity,but clean and it's the best breakfast in Philly and cheaper than almost anywhere!!!Stopped here before work for some breakfast, standard stuff as far as breakfast goes, bacons, eggs, potates, toast. Served quickly, didn't have to wait long, not the cleanest place but I've been to worse (plus, I have pretty high standards for cleanliness.) Great prices. Will definitely go back to try their pancakes and sandwiches. I love clowns.Amazing food love the breakfast here. Service is great and my wife says it pretty coffeeI loved coming here. I felt like old times. I love little mom and pop spots like this. Do not change anything. This is AMERICA. I enjoyed my breakfast and the hospitality from Kim. The chipped beef was great and I also loved the bacon and egg sandwich. I even had to get 2 Philly Cheese Steaks to go. My daughter loved it. Thank you.What a pleasant surprise! I would have never found this place if it wasn't for our new friends :) so thank you for introducing us to a neighborhood breakfast dive in with great food! It is packed so expect to wait and safe to assume that I have not stumbled upon a secret. The people know where to get great breakfast food!! There were four of us and we probably waited 25 mins on a Sunday around noon to get a table. Definitely worth the wait. We literally had everything off the breakfast menu. Pancakes, French toast (must have), eggs,scrapple, bacon both turkey and pork, hashbrowns (the GOOD kind where it's slices not shredded), toast and breakfast sandwiches. I was starving by the time we ordered so of course I'm going to eat everything on my plate and I was not ashamed. Proud was more like it! I did enjoy everything but I was not a fan of the sausage (Seemed a bit over cooked because it was dry). A tip I learned from the friends who have been going there since he was literally born, the tickets are individual not by tables. When you first walk in, the chef is at the griddle and it's not huge so whenever he finds room to make more food is how it goes. Honestly, the chef must be rocking it hard to be getting all the food out so quickly. So be patient because you'll get great food and you cannot beat the prices for sure! Can't wait to eat there again oh and I totally have a soft spot for breakfast/brunch food!!!! 
P.s.- I have to apologize for not taking pictures since I was that hungry. Next time (maybe)Drove by the clown house today.  They've never seen so much business.  The whole news world is eating here the day after the Amtrak wreck across the street.Super divey, super cheap breakfast and lunch only. When I was a small child my grandma would bring us here on a weekly basis, we would sit and scratch off lottery tickets.
Highest priced item on the menu is 8.95 for sirloin and eggs.
Best greasy spoon ever.It just seems wrong to give a hood dive 5 stars; but wow. I had hotcakes, eggs, and sausage patties, coffee with cream, and juice. Everything, from service, coffee, eggs, to hotcakes exceeded my expectations. I'll be back tomorrow,Love Pete's french toast breakfast - open early so you can stop in before work.  Service is fast and friendly!  And the french toast is very tasty!  And who doesn't love CLOWNS!It took a long time for a waitress to get to us and our table didn't have menus, but it was a Sunday brunch, so I'm sure she was slammed.  I was excited we were able to sit right away.  It's a total family spot.  Decorated sparsely with a few clown images, but not enough to scare you away.  I love the neon sign.  After we ordered I saw some amazing looking waffles people got and was upset that I didn't see it on the menu.  But my french toast was super yummy and cooked perfectly.  I also tried a pancake that was a little bland. The bacon perfectly crispy and deliscious.  We got a nice wave and smile and a welcoming back goodbye as we left and I will definitely come back next time I'm in town. Classic diner#Don't judge a book by it's cover.
Thier breakfast is cheap and quick although I can also say the same for their daily customers.  Good greasy breakfast food that I wish I had with me right now.I've been eating at Pete's since I was a kid. They place hasn't really changed much over the years. It's a good spot to get a nice hot, cheap breakfast. Their food is always good and I've never really had an issues. I usually get 2 eggs, homefries and sausage. Comes with toast and a coffee. What else can you ask for? The staff are always friendly and j usually sit at the bar area. They offer a few tables but the place is small. If you're not familiar with the area it can be somewhat intimidating. Parking can be somewhat of an issue as well.Great place very cheap omg so cheap for breakfast lunch and dinner
I got the banana foster French toast and scrapple
Or the seafood combo for 9$ so it's greatI have been eating and ordering from Pete's for years. Love the big meals for lower prices. It's a great deal when you eat as much as we do. Dining in may take awhile but that's how you know how good it is. The staff are awesome whether at the table or phone. Never had a bad time there. They make you feel like family. I have a big noisy family so it has always been great for us. During the early hours you can evev see and meet some of the local law enforcement stop by for a coffee. Well gotta go. Waiting for my delivery.Love the staff here! They are very attentive to your order and make sure they get it right. I ordered the Falcon special. Two eggs, turkey bacon and two pancakes. How I love their pancakes and they are huge!! The other sides were delicious just as well, but it's something about those pancakes that keep me coming back!!I've been coming here since I was young I'm a mom now and since then I have bringing my kids here to I travel the good 20 min for some Pete's... when I'm in a mood for some greasy fat food lol.. but it's really great overallDivey, possibly dangerous,  but delicious.  Get over yourself and get over here.  Don't wear clean clothes.There are some real characters here.  The breakfast was very good and the ambiance is a little edgy.  Which I liked.  Two priests sitting two tables over made the place respectable!I been reading all the Yelp reviews. So thought I give it a try. Bring our patience with you. There is alot of construction work going on around the area so it's kind of tough to find a place to park I had to park a block or two and walk not too bad. 
This is one of those spots that I could go back over and over for breakfast. The prices can't be beat. $6 for breakfast. Got the French toast with fruit and coffee. Didn't have to wait to long for it to arrive at the table. Service was top-notch the waitress was very pleasant and on point. It gets packed with on coming in and going out. Every one that works there keeps it going. Always busy. 
So if you are ever in the area and want something good for breakfast then stop in hear. I can promise you there is nothing to be disappointed about.A good friend just turned me on to Pete's, his regular breakfast spot for years. I must have passed this place a million times but never took notice. This is Kensington at its best -  rough on the outside and a little bit gritty but  ultimately warm, welcoming and awesome once you settle in. On a Saturday morning the place was buzzing with a busy cooks at the open grill up front and waitresses keeping the plates coming and the coffees filled. Tables and the counter stools were full of neighborhood folks. Prices are cheap, portions are good and everything was tasty. This is exactly what  a neighborhood breakfast joint should be. A hidden gem for sure.Fast pace, great food & friendly staff!!! This place is clearly a favorite in NE Philly!  Big portions with unbelievable low prices!! On another note, I can't explain how accommodating the staff was to all of my co-workers & I the past couple of days!! It was truly appreciated!!!!!I'm sorry I think the food here is gross!  I tried to eat here a couple times but every time I do I regret it ! It just taste old and over cooked .There need to be more restaurants like the Clown House. I can't tell you how many early hungover mornings my friends and I would stumble over there at the butt crack of dawn. Quick, hot and delicious homecooked breakfast. Fun people, a bit of a dive, but don't be pretentious and you'll enjoy yourself. 
They also deliver breakfast!! How fat am I? It's great!
Disclaimer: Very, very loud on weekends.Love it here. Great food and awesome prices. My Dad loved this place. I feel like he is with us when we eat here.After the awful Aramingo Diner closed I needed a place near work where I can sit at a counter, get eggs and a coffee, and just chill outside of the office. 
I found this place on yelp, and I checked it out today.  Everyone was very nice, and while it wasn't the best western omelette I've ever had (that's Brunics http://www.yelp.com/biz/brunics-philadelphia?hrid=Rc9WLg501O42alqO01vM8g), it was pretty slamming.    
I love corner/neighborhood luncheonettes.  It's been in the neighborhood since the 60s and the dude who owns it bought it some time ago from the original owner.  That's pretty awesome.  
It's slightly pricier than I was expecting (western omelette w/ a *generous* side of bacon and a soda was ~11 dollars), but sometimes I think I'm stuck in the 90s when it comes to diner food prices.     Cash only but they have a MAC machine.  
They deliver too!Anything breakfast or Lunch, Pete's has mastered the menu!!! Prices can't be beat and you'll meet the friendliest bunch around.Whenever I am in the area at breakfast time I go here to get the best food and service... they always remember me and I never had a bad mealPretty standard breakfast spot/diner BUT with the best cream chipped beef I have ever had from a restaurant. The price is right but depending which waiter you have the service might not be great. The Clown House is a bit "out of the way" but it's worth the trip if you are a fan of cream chipped beef. Coffee is nothing special and they don't have artificial sweetener at the table, not an enormous deal but if you *need* Splenda make sure to bring your own!I've been eating at Pete's since I was a kid. They place hasn't really changed much over the years. It's a good spot to get a nice hot, cheap breakfast. Their food is always good and I've never really had an issues. I usually get 2 eggs, homefries and sausage. Comes with toast and a coffee. What else can you ask for? The staff are always friendly and j usually sit at the bar area. They offer a few tables but the place is small. If you're not familiar with the area it can be somewhat intimidating. Parking can be somewhat of an issue as well.Amazing, everything about this place is outstanding, you can't beat the prices, the hamburgers are are the best I ever had, and you will go nuts over the pancakesI ordered breakfast by delivery. It took over an hour to be delivered. The food doesn't even look appealing. My sausage is burnt. The French toast was really eggy. I wouldn't order breakfast from here again.Just love Pete's clown house it is your classic greasy spoon diner in the middle of the neighborhood Great for quick service nice staff griddle is right in the open where you can see it. Portion size is generous although it could get a bit interesting in there at times.This food was GREAT. seasoning was good and hot for delivery.  Also very reasonable.  The home fries are the bestTotal hole in the wall/off the beaten path places but one of the best breakfasts I have had!  SO much food for not a lot of money -- pancakes were amazing.This place is in the hood. Like straight up hood life here however the breakfast is incredible.  The service is great, food is good and hot, and there's always a spot for you!  I was there when the bagels are delivered fresh. They even will tell you that the bagels are a dad or two days old just so you get the best quality.  Their French toast is my absolute favorite.  It's always delicious. 
I never had a bad breakfast here and I can't wait to go backOrdered through grub hub, food came half an hour past the maximum delivery window. A simple breakfast order took 90 minutes to get to me, and the potatoes were half raw. Delivery timing may not have been the restaurant's fault, but the undercooked food was.
Delivery fee is actually $3.99, NOT $0 as posted on yelpWhat's not to appreciate !!  Great food.  Nice ppl.  Don't have to wear a tie.
A diamond in the rough.  I kinda like the atmosphere.
Please, I probably have a headache, please leave your kids home.We have been coming to the Clown House for over 30 years and have nothing but praise for them.   You'll discover the same.
At the Clown House you'll get a delicious, fast, and tasty breakfast - or lunch.  We prefer breakfast...and really, who doesn't???
Its a popular place, so you may have to wait a little on weekends, but it's worth the wait!  
By the way, the chipped beef and french toast are my favorites!  #goodstuffThe breakfast sandwich, a good deal. I wanted waffles, but was short on time. You can watch the griddle action, it's cozy. As they say in real estate.C'mon its Pete's - Go with the He-man Special. Two person bill won't go over $20. We are NC.I have been coming here since the early 90s and never had a bad experience.  The staff are all great and the food is great. The prices are very fair, actually the cheapest around, don't let that discourage your decision, because the prices should be higher (not complaining though). Great placeThis is one of those undiscovered gems everyone is always seeking. Yummy, inexpensive food with the NICEST staff ever!!!!! It does get crowded, but it is SO worth the wait. I LOVE breakfast here and make sure to grab a corn muffin....yummmmmmmmmmmmmmm!!!!!!I totally recommend this small diner to everyone. The prices are extremely cheap with good portions of food.I love this place!!!!!!!!Cheap but really good. Hidden gem in a shitty area.Pete's Clown House should be everyone's #1 hangover breakfast spot in the greater Philadelphia area. The divey atmosphere guarantees no one will judge you with yesterday's makeup smeared across your face. Plus, you can buy smokes and lotto tickets out of vending machines!
But anyway, lets talk about the food. The pancakes are a personal favorite of mine. They are just as good if not better than any you would get in a diner at a fraction of the cost. Everything else I've ever had there was great too.  I love that they have turkey sausage patties...not the easiest to find!
If you don't mind Pennywise staring at you as you eat your eggs, or a neon light bug catcher thing that looks like it hasn't yet been cleaned this millennium, then definitely check out Pete's!I don't live near there anymore but I love this place. Tons of good food for low prices. Waitstaff are always very busy but they are attentive as well. I went in to pick up breakfast one day and they were feeding some neighborhood kids who were hungry. I love mom and pop joints like this!Petes in a local corner breakfast joint located in a not so hot area of Philadelphia.  The urban facade and the worn interior has seen many come and go and I'm sure could tell stories that could make one laugh and cringe all at the same time.  Need to use the restroom - your walking up old stairs to  what appears to be a personal living space - you almost feel like you're intruding.  Again if these walls could talk it would have to be a best seller.
We used to be regulars here for years.  So much so that they knew our order as we sat down.  We stopped coming as we started to seek out new and different breakfast venues.  In need of a quick breakfast this Saturday we decided to drop in again. Still as bustling as it was and the same crew.  
Home style breakfast specials that fill the belly are plentiful.  Fried eggs will almost consistently have a busted yolk however Pete's cooks up probably the greasiest yet tastiest home fries Don't fret if breakfast isn't your thing because I've ordered lunch at 8am on many an occasion.  
Fear not, this place is easy on the wallet, added note... if your a table of 2 or a group of  7 you will each have your own check - that's just how things are done at Pete's. Parking can be tough but the neighborhood despite its rough exterior is friendly.My boss and I decided to stop in here based on a recommendation and we were not disappointed. Never judge a book by its cover. Situated on a busy street, the Clown House looks like any other corner shop but the food is definitely excellent in that greasy spoon kind of way. Prices were reasonable, our server Kim was very friendly especially learning we were from out of town. Not only did we have breakfast (chipped beef for me!),  we ordered lunch to go (cheese steaks). If you're in the area go check out Pete's Clown House.We heard about this through he guy we bought our house from. We were asking about the best places to visit in the neighborhood and this was one of his recommendations for breakfast that is made that much better being that it is clown themed. We went fairly early on a Saturday but there was already a good crowd of people. Giant flat top behind the counter when you walk in full of tasty potatoes and eggs. For my wife and I it was $13 with tip. I don't believe it's cash only but we had cash on us so we used that.Servicio al cliente horrible, siempre faltan productos y no quieren resolver el problema, desperdicio de dinero, si pides para llevar verificar antes de llevártelo ya que son unos listos y nunca te dan la orden completa. Horrible!This place is seriously good. Order 2 eggs, you'll get at least 3. Pancakes are fluffy and amazing. Service is terrible, and waitresses often get into fights with patrons, but that's part of the charm. Best coffee I've ever had. Don't stray from the breakfast menu, and be wary if you get the red haired, tattooed waitress. Seriously, besides her, this place is spot on.My go to spot for breakfast or anything else the specials are great and for the price you can't beat petes clown house , my absolutely must have is the he man special it's loaded with home fries seasoned with petes special recipe the two pancakes two bacon two sausages toast and eggs.  All for one low price ! Or try the steak and eggs, it's a sirloin with eggs for 9.95 I can guarantee you won't get a deal like that anywhere. Stop by and try it you'll love it instantly, I'm a regular here.This place got rave reviews from ppl in the area but I don't think they are that great! The one star is really for the great customer service they provide because they are really nice! I went to pick up after hearing that my food would be ready in an hour still wasn't ready and the locals kind of annoyed me.I ate here several times while in the area covering the Amtrak crash for one of the TV Networks.  
I travel and eat in the good the bad and the ugly eateries and I gotta tell you that Pete's Clown House is the bomb.  
This place is the quintessential diner with awesome food, good service, plus fantastic prices. 
Go there, you won't be disappointed.Love love love their hot sausage egg and cheese on a long roll with home fries! I've never ate inside always get tit to go it's a huge heart breakfastBusy here today but food took awhile and come out running eggs that was suppose to be an omelette waitress forgot things such as drinks brought the wrong thing for our drinks.If you love old school urban street corner restaurants, you are going to think you died and went to heaven when you step inside Pete's Clown House, at the corner of Frankfort Avenue and Pike Street, in the Port Richmond neighborhood of Philadelphia. It is a tight squeeze going through the front door and passing along the counter, but I found a spinner right there, and had the exalted pleasure of watching the action of the cooks, assistants and servers, as they danced around each other taking care of the hot steel grill and the crush of phone take out orders, while always finding time to chat with those around them with a quip and a smile. 
This is definitely a greasy spoon dive, but in the best way possible. If you are entertained by fast hands and flying knives and spatulas, then there is no better theater in the City of Brotherly Love than a orchestra seat in the Clown House. You watch the action up close and personal, as take out orders are written directly on the white bags that will contain the food once cooked. No need for an order pad. And, if close enough to the grill, the occasional spattering of oil or home fries, or spitting bacon, will reach out to touch you gently, and remind you that there is no extra charge for the grease stains on your clothes. That iron is so full of food waiting to be off loaded onto plates or takeout boxes, that its amazing that the kitchen hasn't caught fire in the 66 years it has been slinging hash to the appreciative masses who have been scarfing their incredibly tasty dishes all this time. 
 "Delicious," is the right word for the food produced here. That grill is so well seasoned from decades of eggs, meats, potatoes, peppers and cooking oil, that it might be edible. The prices are cheap enough to be downright ridiculous. My sausage, egg and cheese sandwich on Kaiser roll, with a side of excellent home fries topped with sautéed onions and green peppers, all the hot java I could drink, came to less than $7. 
ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!
So, I had an incredible breakfast, a month's worth of local color, and full bore entertainment from the totally engaging staff, non-stop for the half hour or so I was indulging myself. Although a rookie, I felt at home and one of the regulars. I really didn't want to leave, but I finished eating, and the next customer was waiting to take my stool. 
Pete's Clown House - One of those places that defines what is so special about Philadelphia.
 Definitely, a must see.Delivery was quick and the food was delicious! I am so happy this place is so close to my job!This is your corner neighborhood joint with cheap prices. But let's talk hygiene. Let's put aside the pricing and quality of food and break down the importance of cleanliness and good ol fashion hygiene. Shall we? 
This place is dirty. Like real dirty. I'm not talking about dirty floors or tables. Hell, I'm not even talking about dirty bathrooms. 
I'm talking about the staff. When the people who handle your food think it's ok to wipe their face and hair and then continue to handle your food....I'd say that's a little gross. 
But, when the woman handling your food stops and picks a band aid off her finger..doesn't wash her hands..and continues to handle your food. I'd say that's a lot a bit gross. 
This wins Pete's Clown House this one star yelp review. I wish I could unsee what happened. Also, I'm not entirely too sure where that bandaid went. It's close quarters behind that counter. Check your eggs, check your pancakes and check your coffee. There's a dirty bandaid on the loose. 
Hygiene is a deal breaker people. Wash your freakin' hands.Ordered a delivery this morning from here. It was fast and very delicious! My 3 year old ate all of his French toast and sausage! Thanks for the great food!Sanitation practices were non existent. Broken floor tiles throughout kitchen. Cool was cooking without gloves and I observed him putting food in his mouth while cooking. Unacceptable.