I may have reviewed Pete's a few years ago, which at the time would have been positive. Well, forget about it! We ordered 2 pizzas about 3 weeks ago and were less than happy but thought we should try again. Ordered 2 pizzas this week and one was smaller than ordered. They said they would refund the difference, which they didn't. When we opened the boxes it looked the the toppings had been thrown onto them from across the kitchen. And they were way under-cooked. So I guess they're still 'Famous' but in my mind famous for having gone from excellent to no longer an option.Cool little neighborhood joint.  Split a small meat lovers pie with a coworker and we were thoroughly stuffed.The food was great but I wish the delivery time was faster. My food came a little over an hour but other than that, it's a good place to order from with many different food options.4 stars for their grinder. 1 star for their pizza. I'll round up and give them 3 stars. 
~~~~~~~~
On a recent takeout kind of a night, I stumbled upon Pete's Famous Pizza on GrubHub. What exactly caught my eye? The goliath grinders, which house a multitude of heart-clogging items, including mozzarella sticks, steak, chicken fingers, fries, and cheese. Essentially Primanti Brother's on steroids, the description of the grinder was highly reminiscent of the gut-busting 'Fat Beach' sandwich from the Grease Trucks by Rutgers University in NJ. Yes, my knowledge of calorie clogging meals extends to places I've never actually been to.
An added bonus? I appreciated that their takeout bags showcase the fact that they use delicious Amoroso's rolls.
Ultimate Goliath Grinder ($9.25)
Chicken fingers, mozzarella sticks, french fries, steak, bacon, pizza cheese, pizza sauce
This grinder is indeed a behemoth-sized mess. The chicken fingers are crisply fried and juicy. The mozzarella sticks have girth, with a mess of mozzarella covering creamy french fries, smoky bacon, and steak. 
The pizza sauce helps to brighten up the grinder a bit, which is encased by a crusty Amoroso's roll. Still, this is clearly not a light dish. Expect to take a nap right after and definitely don't expect to be able to run a marathon right after.
Cheese Steak ($6.25)
Sharp provolone, fried onions
The cheese steak is decently seasoned and contains juicy steak, funky provolone, and a nice amount of onions. The roll serves as a perfect vehicle to house the ingredients. A decent iteration, this is at least a B+ or A- in my book. Could do with a bit more meat and cheese.
Vegetable Pizza ($12.50)
Large 14'' pizza, mushroom, onions, green peppers, broccoli, spinach, tomato, extra cheese.
On the strength of the grinder alone, I decided to give Pete's another try so I could sample their namesake 'famous' pizza. Unfortunately, this is where the praise ends. The prices were really surprisingly cheap - and it's clear why this is the case. This pizza was horrid. The veggies were sparse as was the cheese. I thought there was supposed to be extra cheese on this pizza? I'd hate to think what a regular cheese slice was like. Definitely nowhere near on par with a NYC slice. In fact, the crust made it clear that the dough was frozen. In fact, even by frozen pizza standards, this was a D-.
Angus Burger ($4.50)
American cheese, lettuce, tomato
Their burgers aren't exactly stellar pickings either. Advertised as 100% Angus, I expected more. This was ordered medium and came well-done. The patty itself was substantial for the price, but the meat had a funny taste - lighter fluid? There was also no seasoning and the patty was very dry.
Appetizer Sampler ($12.99)
Four mozzarella sticks, onion rings, three Buffalo wings, two chicken fingers, four jalapeno poppers.
They were out of jalapeno poppers, so opted to give us two additional chicken tenders instead. The tenders were nice - crisp and juicy. The mozzarella sticks were crisp and huge, housing a nice amount of salty mozzarella. The buffalo wings weren't my favorite. While they were meaty, they were very dry and had no buffalo sauce on them. No blue cheese dressing was provided either. The onion rings were paltry, with just a few broken pieces containing a subtly sweet batter. 
French Fries ($2.50)
The french fries were decent. Nicely crisp on the outside and creamy inside, they were lightly seasoned with salt.
Beer-Battered Onion Rings ($3.99)
The beer batter was subtly sweet and it's clear that a separate order is needed to get decent onion rings. The crisp rings are huge and accompanied by a mayo-ketchup mixture to dip into.
I'd order from Pete's Famous Pizza again, but definitely not for their pizza. In fact, they would do better to change their name to Pete's Famous Grinders and add a few more funky goliath-type creations to the mix.Pete's Famous Pizza on 21st Street makes the best pizza in Center City!   I love the on-line app where you drag the little garlic, mushroom, pepperoni, etc., icons onto half or all of the pizza. The Meat-Lover's and Greek pizzas are my favorite Pete's special pizzas, but the BEST is a "build-your-own" with anchovies, mushrooms, extra sauce, extra garlic, and roasted peppers. Just make sure that your significant other eats with you so that you both have garlic breath!
Pete's dough and sauce are always fresh and tasty, and delivery in Center City is pretty quick. I've never gotten a cold pizza.We spent the day at the Franklin Institute and just wanted something quick nearby before we hit the road home. This was a great find. We had the chicken parm stromboli, a pasta dish and a personal pizza for my daughter. It was all so yummy. The Caesar salad was a bit disappointing, but who goes to a pizza place for a salad? Parking was also tough but we got lucky. Would definitely go back next time we are in the area.Order here almost every week. One day it was busy the lady who took my phone order didn't tell me a time when the food was going to be ready. Usually takes around 10-15 minutes to prep the food. I arrived 25 minutes after the order was made. My food wasn't ready. I had to wait ten more minutes. What made it worse, the buffalo chicken tenders I ordered were left in the fryer too long. I ate one, and couldn't eat anymore. They gladly made a new batch. The guy making the food thought I was in the wrong. Sorry, I don't like to eat a buffalo chicken tender when the over cook meat over powers the sauce. Usually, this place is great.Nice little Italian place. Service was a little slow but the stromboli was worth the wait. Our waitress was very nice. Looked a little under staffed, but they managed. Highly recommend the Meatball stromboli or the Italian. So yummy!!Fast delivery, usually get the order right, and they don't nickel and dime you if you ask for specifics.Awesome and a great service . The waitress here is very kind and attentive to the customers. Great food , I would eat here every time I'm in center city. Food awesome!!!!!I was in Philly for business and got a recommendation to come here for a good cheesesteak.  That is what I had, and it was fantastic.  Very well prepared, very flavorful.  The bread they use has that perfect soft inside, crust outside combo.  And, the fries were great too!  
I am sad I didn't take 3 or 4 to go...  I will definitely be back next time I am in town.So I give them 5 stars because the food is still amazing after all these years. But I'm pissed be I got berated by their delivery driver for not tipping him. And the reason why there was no tip was because I was down to my last $14 and my kids were hungry. So needles to say I won't be getting delivery from here again.When I worked for the school district one summer, we would come here for lunch almost every day. 
And the day we always looked forward to the most was PEA SOUP DAY. It is seriously the best pea soup in the world. 
They also have great strombolis and club sandwiches.I don't know about their pizza, and maybe it is my fault for ordering it but I had a shrimp basket delivered and while the guy on the phone was friendly and the guy who delivered it was kind the food was disgusting. there was more greasy thick batter than shrimp and the shrimp were like pieces of rubber. In conjunction with that, I had a piece of chocolate cake and it was HEINOUS it barely registered as food.Very nice people horrible food.The Petes royal is the best! It's a pizza cheesesteak! Pepperoni is the one thing that can make a cheesesteak better . Awesome beer selection too. And my favorite pumpkin pie in philly when they have it.I've long believed that most any neighborhood steak shop makes as good a cheesesteak as the legendary Pat's / Geno's / Jim's tourist destinations do. My neighborhood joint is Pete's, and today they confirmed my belief. I just finished enjoying an absolutely delicious cheesesteak from Pete's. 
Hey, you tourists who are visiting the Art Museum or Franklin Institute -- there's no need to go to one of the "tourist steak joints" for Philadelphia's finest cheesesteaks! Just stop at the nearest steak joint -- and if you're in Logan Square, that would be Pete's. You'll find a much better specimen of Philly's finest sandwich here than you will at the South Philly or South Street tourist destinations. Trust me.After a handful of visits, I found the place to be not too shabby, but it wasn't until my most recent visit that I fell in love. This place feels like a diner, something that's hard to find in Philly these days. Just on the brink of the Art Museum/North Philly district, Pete's serves up delicious appetizers that never disappoint. Their pizzas are great, though they could probably use a bit more cheese but if you're into thin crunchy crust then it's right for you. Their cheesesteaks are good, too, but are actually better when you take them home and microwave the leftovers. The rest of their sandwiches are also worth the price of admission, which isn't that high for much of their menu. It might not be the most delicious cuisine you've ever had, not even for a Pizzeria or a Diner, but it delivers in a pinch with a clutch menu, friendly service, and comfy booths.What looks like just another pizza joint with the typical stuff was actually a lot more!
Yes, they do have all the regular stuff that pizza places have, but the pizza is excellent! Not really sure what is different that they do to the pizza here. I mean, a pizza is not a complicated thing. Dough Cheese Sauce. I mean, how can some  people make such great pizza and some make such terrible pizza? I don't know, but these guys have it down. I've been working down the street and just found this place this week. Wish i had known about it a while ago. Pizza is crisp, flavorful sauce and just the right amount of cheese. Ate in, and service was good, although they seemed a bit busy. They could probably use some more help.
Would definitely come back when I'm in the area. It's good but, I wouldn't travel far to get here.Honestly, this was worst pizza delivery experience I have ever had.....by far. One hour 40 minutes (after being told 35 minutes) for two wraps, a salad and a medium pizza. I spoke with the owner who was indifferent "sorry we are busy". There so many better options in Philadelphia than this customer service nightmare restaurant.This place has excellent pizza.  The spaghetti was good and the portion was large.  A great value right near to the museums and Franklin Institute.Seriously stay away from here. Very pathetic. All of the bad reviews are correct and I found that out with my recent order. I ordered a small pizza with a few toppings. The delivery time was fine (30-45min) and the delivery guy was nice. He called ahead of time to let me know he was on his way. Nice gesture on his end, but the pizza was awful. The pizza  was soo greasy the cardboard box was soggy underneath. And the crust? Seriously, I do no know what is going on there. It does look like cheap frozen crust or something, but so insanely greasy. I tried a bite and threw it out. I should ask for a refund, but I feel partially responsible for not doing a better job looking this place up. I feel disappointed in myself for this error and in the city of Philadelphia. You should be able to order a quick pie for a decent price around here, but all of the places by me either have terrible reviews or are overpriced/fancy places that try to hard to do pizza. I decided to try something new and it was a big mistake. I will stick with my usual go to's from here forward.This is the worst neighborhood pizzaria ever! Im new to the neighborhood therefore, Im not familiar where to and not to eat at. Im a creature of habits.  I order the same thing everyday for lunch everyday ( chicken fingers and cheese fries). My order has never been consist, my tenders were either burnt or under cooked my fries are usually less than portion size. with the order, it usually comes with with a 4 ounce slaw but there has been several times i wouldn't get any or i get a very small portion. I've called and placed several of complaints they were not very apologetic  and gave me an attitude in return.It's really cozy inside and the wait staff are all friendly. I wasn't sure if it would be a good restaurant to sit down but there were actually a lot of families which was nice. 
We got their Pollo Primavera, Pete's Royal and their wings. Overall, it was pretty good. The cheesesteak was a little too cheesy but I loved the overall flavor of it and it was a very good portion. The wings were a little dry, but again good. I think they're mostly known for their pizza (duh) which is why their Pollo Primavera was the best thing we ordered. It was very well made with great ingredients! Their service was also friendly and helpful. Overall, I would recommend going (but try to stick to their pizza).Ok, let's face it I am a die hard for Pete's. I love the place, I probably eat there at least once a week. They have good consistent inexpensive breakfast served all day on Sunday. They deliver starting at 11am every day, call at 10:45 for breakfast delivery to make sure you get your order in first. Their decor is lacking but the people watching is phenomenal, you get all types. Their pizza is terrible but overall the food is decent. There are no surprises its the same every time. They have a good variety of soups and delicious turkey (not slimy). They have a high turnover on counter help so ordering can be a pain but their delivery is ALWAYS fast. They also have beer available for carryout so if you live in the neighborhood its a good place to grab a six pack. Overall its a convenient neighborhood spot to grab quick and fairly inexpensive food, it's not amazing but its not bad either :o)
**Little known fact:** They have great milkshakes!While discussing how one purchases alcohol in Philadelphia I was informed Pete's delivers beer with pizza orders and was given a flyer.  Having just relocated from D.C. and in the middle of trying to put things away, pizza seemed like a good idea.  I ordered a small pepperoni pizza and a meatball stromboli fully expecting and glad to have leftovers for the next day.  My order arrived within the time they provided and when I received my order the delivery guy said, "welcome to the neighborhood" and told me they included a chocolate chip cookie.  Not only was service great, but the pizza is really good and my order was not as expensive as I was expecting after having lived in DC.  While this was my first order, it certainly won't be my last.I went to a pizza joint to order chicken tenders and fries and they were pretty good being that it was brunch. The service was not up to par since they had us waiting to give our money so we can leave and we ended up having to pay our bill with a different waitress.My boyfriend live right near this place and we love it. It has great pizza, salads, and even dessert. Its a good place to go sit with a book or magazine, get a beer and get some reading done. Its also a good place to catch a game on tv while you each some fantastic pizza. Totally reasonably priced. So tasty and puts a huge smile on your face. 
The best part is that the service is fantastic. I've never met some nicer people. A fantastic neighborhood joint.Finally! Good pizza in Philly! Ugh I've been on a pseudo hunt for just a good traditional pie in Philly and tried Petes this evening. I got a cheesesteak, pizza, and wings ordered via Eat24. 
My delivery arrived on time and the driver was incredibly kind and sweet. The prices were very reasonable as well. 
1. Cheesesteak: I got a cheesesteak with fried onions, sharp provolone, and wiz. However, when it came I didn't see any orange wiz. I called to say they made a mistake and was told their wiz is white in color (!?!?!?). It was an okay cheesesteak. A solid 6.5/10
2. Wings: Good wings. Nice and crispy. Typical pizza place wings and come with a big container of blue cheese (which is good because I normally get extra and forgot to ask). 7/10
3. Pizza Pie: Lots of of good cheese and sauce. I got it topped with prosciutto (for only $2.50 extra) that was salty and delicious and plentiful. The crust was crispy and flavorful. 8/10
Overall, I'll be back. Still on the hunt for pizza that makes me go wild but, of all places, this one has my business for the future. Thanks, Petes!I've been a customer of Pete's Famous for about 2+ years now, ever since I moved to Philly/Center City. It's only a block and a half from my place, and the pizza is very good. The reason I am giving this review only 2 stars is not because of the food, but because of customer service, or lack thereof to be more specific. On my way home from work tonight, I placed an order for pick up just before  8pm - a single, large Margherita pizza. The person on the other end said it'd be about 15-20 minutes. At 8:16, I arrived to pick up my pizza. After paying, the cashier said it would be "another 2 minutes." That 2 minutes turned into another 17 minutes! It's not like they were super backed up with orders, so I'm not sure that my order had even been relayed to the kitchen when I called.
I did not have a problem with the waiting. Well, ok, maybe just a little bit of a problem. But I'd have been perfectly fine if the person that rang me up and told me I'd have another couple of minutes to wait  had checked on my order and let me know what the hold up was for. But she was too busy texting on her phone to seem to care.  When my pizza was finally ready at 8:33, there was no "sorry for the wait" or anything.
Note to employees who work in establishments where there is a tip jar on the counter:  Tips are not automatically given just because there's a cup sitting there with a couple of dollars and some change.  Act like you actually give a crap about my business, and learn how to use phrases such as  "Thank you" and "I apologize". Little things like that really do go a long way in my book.
In summary, I still think the pizza from Pete's Famous is good, but perhaps it's time to give some other pizza places around here a shot at my business.First of all, they delivered to my hotel room which won me over considering it was 11pm. What made the experience even better was that our pizza was DELICIOUS. Probably, the freshest and tastiest pizza I've ever had. I always hate how pizza toppings look and taste like they're straight out of a can. Our pizza had green peppers, onions, mushrooms, pepperoni, and sausage and they looked and tasted homemade. If I ever come back to Philadelphia, you will definitely find me here for pizza.When was the last time you had good pizza from a place that wasn't from people of italian descent? Its hard to say, for me at least. I love pizza but the pizza from there isn't that great. The dough is chewy, overly cheesy and not enough sauce. The only good thing about the pizza is the good crust. Its nice and buttery.
Two things I recommend: Breakfast and a cheesesteak. Actually that sounds like a good combo...Wow. So rude. Great pizza but why do you have to be so mean to me? I love pizza, but I hate mean people. Not worth your time if you wish to have a smile on your face for the rest of the night.We came here after walking to the Roxy on a Monday afternoon. I was definitely glad we stopped in.
We ordered a large pepperoni pizza, and it was amazing! The staff are very nice, and the atmosphere is relaxed.
We made the mistake of ordering at the counter even though we wanted to eat there.I have always liked the food here but this week their delivery person showed up with a 12 dollar order and not enough change from a 20 dollar bill I had after I added a reasonable tip, so that I ended up paying more than I should have.Pete's is THE go-to place in Philadelphia for everything. All the food is fantastic. Pete and Zach stayed past midnight just to feed the hungry party of people at our Rectory after the institution of the Rector of St. Clements Church. This is a business which exudes love through its good heart. This is the place to go in this city of brotherly love.We just ordered but upon delivery found out the Spassito pizza doesn't have feta like shown on Seamless- it has gorgonzola as per the website. Not a good taste, and a waste of money.i've had pizza from here twice, once was for takeout and another time for an early dinner/snack.  I was lazy to cook one evening and decided to order takeout.  The restaurant is walking distance from where I was so it was very convenient.  The pizza crust is really crunchy but different than a thin crust.  It has some body to it but wasn't a deep dish either.  The pizza had nice flavor and if you're in the mood for some beer, they have a nice selection in the fridge too!  
Since my first takeout experience was good, I decided to dine in with some friends.  The waitress was really nice and the pizza came out really fast.  Again, the pizza was pretty flavorful and delicious.  Like others have said, dont expect much from the decor or ambience.  It's just a small place with some random things stuck on the wall.  
If you're in the area and wanting some good pizza and friendly service, i'm sure you will like this place.  Delivery seems to be a very popular option because I see their cars driving around the city all the time!Pete's used to be our go-to place for breakfast with a friend every week. Now that we're not in the Art Museum area as often, our visits have dropped off, but I fondly remember the no-nonsense waitresses, diner-style mediocrity, generous amount of feta in the omelettes, frequent coffee refills, and cheap prices. There probably aren't many places in the city where if you went often enough, you didn't even have to order, the waitress would just know what you were getting. That's what you'd get at Pete's, though. It used to be the place we'd go to for a super cheap, quick breakfast, but after going back recently, we saw they'd raised the prices and, after trying their pizza, left disappointed. Without the proximity, there just isn't much of a reason to go anymore. Alas, Famous Pete's, we hardly knew ye.I live outside of the city but look forward to lunch time at work because they deliver to the hospital in university city. I never know what to order because everything is so good! "Pete's summer time drink" is amazing too! Especially now with outdoor seating I can't wait until I get a chance to go for dinner and drinks :)This place was ok. Ingredients seemed fresh on the pie. Cheesesteak was not any thing special even though they both were good. The cannoli was terrible. Good for late night delivery arrived in 30 minutes to my hotelI love Pete's pizza!  My partner and I do an anchovy, extra sauce, mushroom, and hot pepper pizza, plus the Hellenic salad. Exceptional pizza, exceptional crust, and all the good parts of a Greek salad minus the lettuce.
The crowd at Pete's is diverse and friendly, and the service team is friendly and attentive, as long as you behave decently.
A nice stroll from Center City, or you can order on line for delivery.Awesome and a great service . The waitress here is very kind and attentive to the customers. Great food , I would eat here every time I'm in center city.Open late, great wings, classic and charming environment in the restaurant. And it's a great price in an area where most things are kinda expensive.Some of the best wings in Philadelphia. Good salads and pizza too! Reasonably priced and great for take-out, delivery, or dining in. Will return often!I was pretty impressed with the pizza but I wasn't lost for words. I had it deliver to the house and it did take a little longer then usual. However, when we finally got our pizza it was still hot.
I ordered a plain pizza with extra sauce and it was amazing! The sauce was fresh and was a little sweet but too overpowering. The cheese was fresh but the pizza was a little greasy. I am not a fan of greasy pizza but it was doable. 
Now it's time for the crust! The crust was thin and crunchy. It had a little crisp to it and it tasted fresh! However, it was a little hard to chew. 
Overall the pizza was good and I highly recommend ordering it with extra sauce. I just wish it was not greasy. If it was not greasy, I would have given 4 or maybe 5 stars.I love Pete's!! Their drink menu is great; large beer selection!. I'm looking forward to going on Friday for a meatball stromboli!I ordered a vegetable Stromboli. It's large and delicious!! The vegetables were fresh, excellent variety. The dough is delicious. This was the only place that would delivery to me on July 4th since I live on the parkway. I just finished a very long shift at work and the delivery man walked to deliver my food. I call that, excellent service! I will order from here again! The prices are reasonable.My family and I went here for lunch on a hot Thursday (my husband, myself, and our toddler son). We ordered pizza, cheese fries, and a Stromboli. We also ordered sodas and a juice for my son (they actually ended up not even having the juice). The pizza crust was really hard and tasteless- we did not enjoy it at all. We never got the Stromboli because they accidentally gave my husband's Stromboli to another customer who arrived well after us. After waiting 40 minutes, we realized my son was not going to sit any longer waiting for my husband to eat so we ended up cancelling it and leaving. Our waitress was very nice and apologetic- it completely wasn't her fault. Overall- we were underwhelmed and would never return. (I mentioned it was hot because it was actually really hot inside the restaurant as well)Tried Pete's pizza with pepperoni, Canolis, NY cheesecake and a burger. Gosh. What a burger! Huge portion of burger meat. Come hungry!Great little find before the Franklin Institute!  Good selection of food & drink!  Tasty pizza close to BFP!This place is just fantastic.  I know pizza and this pizza is fantastic! Fresh mozzarella, perfect tomato sauce, crust done to perfection!  The spices were adjusted exactly.  I could be in Italy !
Also, the service is above and beyond!  They were closed and they actually stayed open to cook pizza's for a party at midnight!  Fantastic!Nice server, excellent pizza! The server told us about happy hour $5 small pizzas and counts for create your own. That's totally a great deal and worth it. A small is 10 inches and is more than a normal individual pizza, which for me, I love. Happy hour is 3-6. Come hungry and if you live near here, try multiple things off the menu. Looks like they have a wide variety of sandwiches and pastas too including Philly cheesesteaks. They deliver too.Thomas Wolfe notwithstanding, You CAN Go Home Again!  Pete's back at Pete's Famous Pizza and so are the food and prices that made this comfy spot a cornerstone of the Logan Square neighborhood.  His return is a great argument against CHANGE for the sake of change.  
While the new thin crust pizza is not to my taste, the traditional pie is wonderful.  In the last 10 days I've had a couple of pizza's, buffalo wings and shrimp in the basket.  Not a disappointment among them.  So old is new at 21st and Appletree - just think of it as retro.My family LOVED this place! It was our first time here (super convenient after the Franklin Institute trip), and everything we had was delicious. 
The Spassito pizza, just amazing. Topped with caramelized onions, prosciutto, and Gorgonzola. My only complaint is there wasn't enough prosciutto but the pizza was just so tasty !
BBQ chicken pizza, whatever BBQ sauce they use is heavenly. 
Garlic parm wings- done to perfection. Nice and crispy!!
They also had an AWESOME selection of beers and ciders.Service is terrible, that aside here is what I ordered the two times I have been here-
Meatball Stromboli: This wasn't bad but given that this was for some reason featured on the food network I expected a lot better. It needed more cheese and sauce for my taste.
Veal Parmesan: Super cheap for veal parmesam so I wasn't expecting too much but wow was this aweful. The veal actually wasn't bad, probably taken out of the freezer and fried but it came with spaghetti and marinera sauce which tasted absolutely rotten. I didn't know it was possible to mess up spaghetti SO BAD. I didn't finish it obviously and still felt sick later that day from eating it.Pizza dough really doesn't feel or taste homemade. This tastes like cheap pizza hut crust or something. Definitely not ideal. The rest of the pizza was okay. Only thing they have going for the them is that they have good combinations of toppings. The price was okay $14 for 16"), but really, I would prefer a more solid homemade pizza. Furthermore, the delivery guy wouldn't come upstairs in the apartment complex I'm in. Most delivery guys get right in the elevator and come to my door. This guy called me and made me come down. Not really a problem, but wanted to point it out.I was pretty impressed with the pizza but I wasn't lost for words. I had it deliver to the house and it did take a little longer then usual. However, when we finally got our pizza it was still hot.I have nothing but big love for Pete's.  This is just behind where I work and when I am lazy I will call for delivery and they dont care.  
They also do small pizzas that are delish.  I recommend the small anchovie pizza.  
You can eat in but the service is a bit slow for eatting in.Garbage garbage garbage. Worse than little caesars. Just go buy ellio's. Garbage. Garbage. GarbageAfter a tour of the Franklin Institute's DaVinci exhibit, we strolled the nearby streets looking for lunch.
I'm a huge fan of neighborhood pizza joints so when we came across Pete's, we figured it would hit the spot. Aside from the crazy wigged lady who denounced us all as hedonists then proceeded to pour two bottles of ketchup on her (thankfully take out) fries and doused the entire table with salt, it did.
We ordered two sodas and a small pizza to share. It was a perfect lunch portion. Not to mention easy on the wallet. I think our total lunch with tip was $15. The sauce was delicious, cheese was gooey and the staff were really sweet. Another table was eating sandwiches that looked amazing and a guy walked by with a giant plate of spaghetti and meatballs who almost got tackled. A great neighborhood spot.We order Pete's pizza pretty regularly.  That's because it's soooooo tasty and always arrives hot and in less than 30 minutes. Bravo!We had cheesesteak fries (juicy delicious shaved steak, cheese wiz and fried onions on top of a pile of perfectly cooked, crispy on the outside soft on the inside fries with a decent beer selection.  Atmosphere had a neighborhood diner feel and the service was good.  Would definitely go again!Was our 'go to' place for a long time - ordered there at least twice a week, recommended to friends, used them for our pizza parties.  Unfortunately the service and quality began to go down hill. Food arrives burnt on the bottom (pizza) or overcooked (chicken) to the point of brick hard.    Would call - they'd say 'sorry'..and Id still go back (bad on me).  My neighbors had similar experiences and have stopped going there... but I stayed loyal ;-(
Now it takes FOREVER to get food delivered - last night my husband called in an order at 6pm for 1 pizza for him and the kids - when I got home at 7:40 - it still wasn't there!!  
After being placed on hold, disconnected 2Xs  and speaking to 3 different people who couldnt find the order - the manager said they were 'Really Busy" and although they found the order -some orders hadn't make it into the kitchen!  And we should have been told that wait times were OVER AN HOUR (which they did NOT mention).  She offered to put the order in and send a pizza over when ready -but it would 'be awhile"... wait times were running over an hour).   So - 3 hours for a pizza and Id get it around 9pm!!!!   And the manager was RUDE!! As if the issues they were having in the kitchen was the customers fault!!     
They need to reevaluate their operations - Im not sure if there is new management or something - but it's sad to see one of your favorite places go down hill :-(  The food use to be amazing and the guy we would order from very helpful - so I guess Ive been cutting Pete some slack because I wanted to believe the bad service was a fluke... but last nights exchange seems to be the new norm.    I understand that things happen - and Im sure they were busy, but she was so frazzled and RUDE that it was shocking - and she's the manager??!!!  Very bummed and sad to say goodbye to Petes, but in a city filled with good food - Im sure we'll strike gold somewhere else.Waited an hour an a half for delivery that I ordered through GrubHub. Was told the driver was "on his way". Called back after another half an hour and was told that the restaurant had "never prepared my order."  Talked to the restaurant ( now two and a half hours after ordering) and the "manager" told me that " it's not that big of a deal in the grand scheme of things."  Finally eating 2 hours and 45 minutes later. Literally the worst customer service ever.I was pleasantly surprised! I got a chicken Caesar salad, a plain pizza, and some fries. Everything was quite tasty. I'll definitely order from here againGood pizza; I love the thin crust. This place is standard delivery for my apartment building.
I've eaten in the place as well, and the wait staff was so nice. It's vintage-themed, throwback mom and pop pizza store, which is fine. 
Overall, they never fail me.Love this place! It's right around the corner from my high school. My best friend and I stop by every few weeks to eat in when we don't feel like going anywhere else. Great customer service and delicious food as always.Great pizza and quick delivery! Order the pizza with mozzarella, prosciutto, and basil! So delicious; would recommend to anyone looking for a quick delivery.The people were very nice.  The pizza was very average.  The outer crust was rock hard and shattered when I bit into it.
I might go back and try something other than the pizza.When they delivered. Onion rings and fries not impressed
We asked for napkins and paper. Plates. But we never received any  we did get 1 small plastic.  Fork.  This made for an over all bad meal we didn't have what we needed.  And ate off a bag. Come on.   How would you like to pay 30some dollars and no napkins. E embody gives forks. Etc napkins plates
This was be. A good idea your customers would appreciate. It
Denise.Pete's I love ya but you've changed and not for the better but I still go back every once in awhile.Best pizza in fairmont. Don't bother going anywhere else. Order the "Pete's special" ( state no - anchovies) and enjoy:)I can't speak about their pizza... But petes famous pizza and ishkabibbles have the best cheesesteaks in the city.I got love for little Philadelphia "hole in the wall" joints. This place probably looks the same way it did in 1970 and its probably got the same staff too. No nonsense waitresses with a slight sense of humor that will poke you in the side the way Philadelphia is supposed to. I had some buffalo wings and baklava. I was going for the healthy choices options...(lol)Pete's is not a new place, having over 30 years going strong, and it is not a place that will serve up anything you have not heard before if you are from Philadelphia. They offer up a pizza and a part of Philadelphia that is not as apparent these days. Whether this type of restaurant is a part of Philly's past or if its the 'real' Philly is not really important in my view. The pizza, along with there other hoagies, cheesesteaks, breakfast items, or fries slathered in cheese whiz, are well priced, overall average, but at the same time awesome. Its an interior from the past with wall decorations informing one that scapple is "a Philly thing and that others just wouldn't understand". If you haven't been here, local or tourist, come in and check out an established neighborhood place and learn a little about Pete.We ordered the cheesesteaks and were not disappointed.   The waitress guaranteed that the wiz was Krafts instead of the "nacho stuff" other places give. I guess connaisseurs know the difference!  The place is clean and air conditioned with warm service.  Flat screen was transmitting Wimbledon but the overall volume of the restaurant was reasonably quiet.Perhaps I made a mistake of ordering pizza during the super bowl but I definitely expected them to at least be honest with their customers. We placed our pizza order around 4:40 online for delivery at 6. We didn't get our pizza until 8:30. Called 3 times to check and they had the audacity to get irritated with us when each of them told us it would take "5 mins" or "it's right out the door". Finally when the pizzas came, there was 2 inches of crust - clearly they didn't care. So disappointed since this was our go to pizza place in city. Wish they just told us they couldn't handle the mass orders so we could've gone somewhere else. Won't be returning the future after seeing this places true colors.They totally ruined my pizza tonight.  i ordered a white pizza and cheese fries.  The fries turned out good (soggy, but I like them that way) but the pizza was horrible, it tasted like cardboard.  I will never order there againNormal pizza shop. This one has been around for times so they got their regulars I m sure. But anyway, make sure you get hot food tho. They don't have the cleanest  kitchen so I would be safe and get hot food not cold sandwich from them. 
They do deliver and they got beer! That's a thumbs up for them!Such a good place to grab a quick bite! They serve beer which is nice and they have a great menu.