Love this restaurant!  It's perfect for a quiet, romantic dinner if you get an early reservation (aim for 530 pm).  Another plus: The staff was really attentive with my food allergies.  We always list them on our open table reservations and the waiter immediately reviewed them with us, which truly impressed me.  My dishes were delicious despite the fact that they had to leave out some ingredients.  The cocktail that I had was great, too, and I was blown away by the bartender.  Some of their drinks have egg in them and since that's one of my allergies, the staff communicated with each other to make sure that they didn't accidentally cross-contaminate my drink.  Kudos, Petruce Et Al!  You guys were fantastic!Get the carrots!  These are not the "Have you ever seen a rabbit wearing glasses? No?  Well then finish your carrots or you don't get dessert!" carrots from your youth.  These are the kind of carrots that once finished, you shed a small tear because you think the deliciousness is over...
...but it's not!  Of the small plates, the beets and the sweet potato are also quite lovely.
Medium plates?  Octo all the way!  I wanted to take a bath in that congee.
Large plates?  If you are deciding between the pork shoulder and the lamb, go pork shoulder.  It was incredible and I found the lamb to be a bit dry in some areas.
Dessert?  Despite finishing (read: devouring) my carrots, I didn't get there *sad face* Maybe next time (and there will be a next time).My wife and I ate there on a Friday night before a play at the Walnut Street Theater. 
We had 2 small plates, one medium and one large. That was enough food for the two of us. The roasted carrot (small) and duck (medium) were especially good. The brussel sprouts (small) and veal (large) were OK. Not bad, but nothing memorable.
The desserts were weird. The flan had a whole bunch of flavors that didn't blend well at all. The chocolate torta was better but still had too much going on.
We arrived late and asked them to hurry the service so we wouldn't miss the show. And the staff absolutely delivered on that. Service was ultra fast and friendly.
We will give it another try.I was there just for drinks with my friend last week, but felt that I need to review it.  
Everything was great. the atmosphere is intimate, the bartender is really good. He made me drink off the menu since he thought that I would like it better based on my liqueur preference and it was really really good. 
My friend tried "in the white room" and it was delicious.
I cant wait to go back to try their food.The food at petruce et al was unbelievably delicious! Everything was interesting and most were new combinations of things that I never had before. I had the carrots as the appetizer (which I highly recommend). The ambience of the restaurant was also really nice, it was very California-ish. The only things that I think I would change about the experience would be more vegetarian choices & slightly larger portions for the price (it's a tad expensive). Anyway all in all it was a cool place to try.Be careful. They up charge you for many drink items like ice for rocks drinks.  Bread is an extra. Food is ok if you don't mind extremely long waits and small portions. The place was virtually empty. I'm guessing the long waits between courses was just a disorganized kitchen. It's a shame the decor is nice. Great location. Been living in this area for 45 years seen restaurants come and go. Petruce needs to rethink their business model or they will be gone before long.A truly resplendent dining experience. I think the Petruce Brothers have absolutely nailed it here, and have been three times in a month. The plates are so thoughtfully constructed. My one tip is to make sure to get a fork/spoonful of each piece of a plate to get the full experience. Every dish seems to offer a triplet of textures (creamy, crunchy, chewy, etc.) and a triplet of flavors (sweet, savory, sour) but you have to make sure to get it all together. The food based around a simple wood fired grill somehow ends up totally surprising as you go from dish to dish. I'll be bold and say this is my favorite restaurant in Philly.Nicely decorated modern eatery in a nice part of Philly. Went here for restaurant week menu. First off the drink I had (Mexican Firing Squad) was the highlight of the night. Perfectly mixed tequila blanco with lime and omega ate molasses. I would definitely hit up their happy hour if there are cocktails on that menu. The meal was nicely timed and service was simple yet there when you needed it.  The food itself left things a bit lacking. When you spend $60 total on a meal you sort of expect great flavor and wow me presentation.  Presentation was quite nice. Everything looked attractive, but the flavor so fell short.  I had the squid for course one, lasagna for course two and allllll of the desserts. Squid was very strange texture. Super soft on the outside and chewy on the inside. Brussels were a nice addition but didn't make a lot of sense together. Lasagna was soooo strange. Did not taste like lasagna at all. It reminded of Greek mousakka. Which I like, but I wanted lasagna. Last the desserts were just eh. Semolina cake was flavorless and dry. Peanut semifreddo was very strong and stars he texture again. The soft serve was probably my second favorite part of the meal after the cocktail. Vanilla ice cream layered with pie crust and dived apples. Yum. Overall the food was definitely lacking for the price. The service, decor and drinks made up for some of that.Looking forward to opening night tomorrow (can't seem to add a profile unless I leave a review, but I promise to update this after we go).
The brainchild of Chefs Justin (ex-Mémé and Little Fish) and Jonathan Petruce (ex Mémé), and Philly natural wine sommelier Timothy Kweeder (a.Kitchen/a.Bar), Petruce et al features wood grilled food prominently on its menu.  George Costa (ex-Southwark and Pub & Kitchen) is running the bar.  Quite an all-star cast, so it should be good.  You can read more background here:
http://citypaper.net/article.php?Wood-fired-ovens-take-center-stage-at-the-forthcoming-Petruce-et-al.-19423This place is awesome. We had three little plates, chicken liver,  burata and cauliflower and two medium plates octopus and sweetbreads. Every bite was delicious. The man-man Manhattan  was really smokey an quite stiff. 
I can't wait to go back.The steak was amazing. Black cod was very good, and the broccoli tempura is a must have. Great addition to west washington sq.Delicious! Had amazing pork shoulder dish. Seared tuna was decent too but pork dish was so empowering. I did enjoy their sundae as well for dessert. Definitely going back to try more dishes.With any luck, this restaurant will soon implode and be put of its misery.  Here is our recent experience:
- We booked a dinner reservation on OpenTable, and got a confirmation.  So far so good.
- On the morning of day we were planning to go there,  I realized we needed to change the size of the party. I went to restaurant website and sent an email to address listed on their website (info@petrucephilly.com) requesting the change.  I expected the restaurant to respond; that was my first mistake.
- We went to restaurant that evening and was told by hostess "Oh, email is not a good way to contact us. We never read our email." It turns out they also don't answer the phone listed on the website (267.225.8232). The phone goes to some voicemail, which probably never gets cleared. I'm not clear on how customers are expected to contact the restaurant.
- In terms of tables, the only availability was the chef's table, a sushi-bar like setting adjacent to the kitchen.
- We ended up eating at the chef's table, which meant our party could not talk.
- To his credit the waiter was decent and competent. Note to waiter: find a job at another restaurant while you are still employed.
- We ordered a bottle of wine from the menu (dated with today's date) and were told, "Oh, we don't have that bottle of wine, but can substitute another comparable bottle."  Okay, we went along with that.
- We ordered pizza as an appetizer.  Since we were at the chef's table, we could see the wood burning oven.  The first pizza was burnt to a crisp and had to be thrown out. Thankfully, they didn't try to serve it to us.
- As part of our dinner order we ordered lasagna; two lasagna's were also burned to a crisp and had to be thrown out, delaying our dinner.
- Two more lasagna's were cooked and served.
- A minute later, a duck entrée was served.  The duck came out raw, even though we had ordered medium.  The dish had to be sent back and cooked some more, meaning we could not all eat simultaneously.
The restaurant asked us if we wanted dessert and coffee, at which point we almost burst out laughing. 
This restaurant may be good in concept. Based on our experience, it is an operational disaster.Some of their appetizers and entrees lack cohesion and execution, but I would gladly order only baskets and baskets of their grilled sourdough bread and vegetarian tapas.  During my next visit, I'm very much looking forward to their pizza menu.  And more sourdough.Drink review only-
Stopped in for a drink before a close by dinner reservation. Really cool place, bartender was talented to say the least. My Bf had a drink with Tequila and Scotch...sounds awful right? Not at all he loved it. No happy hour-$30 for two drinks but we had a nice time. Plan to go back for dinner.I am giving this place 3 stars because the wait was so long. We made reservations at 9:15pm and was not seated until 9:45pm. What is the point of a reservation if you have to wait that long!?
Also, the server was slow in getting things rolling and attending our table more promptly due to how long we had already been waiting. 
After we ordered our bottle of wine, we put our food orders in. We waited for a while and then all of the dishes seemed to roll out quickly. 
The food was great!  loved the cauliflower, octopus, and sea bass. My boyfriend enjoyed the veal except half of it was fat. 
Our big dishes arrived at 11pm.Excellent meal!  We had three "firsts" and one second (entree), and shared all. Plenty to eat and reasonably priced. The Broken Records cocktail was AMAZING as was the lamb sausage.  Terrific service.. We will return!We try and go at least once a month to Petruce.  All that is good about the Philly restaurant scene in my opinion.  Care in the menu choices and in execution.  Wine offerings  under the stewardship of Tim Kweeder always on target and reflect care and thought.  Highest praises and kudos to a wonderful place to spend an evening.You night not think to get the sourdough bread to start, but DO! It's got that perfectly crusty exterior with a soft, tangy interior and that parmesan butter. whoa. You may think it's just plain ole cheese and butter and wonder what could possibly be new and exciting about that, but something is most definitely new and exciting about it.
Highlights from the night:
-- hamachi with sea beans: this was the first dish to come to the table, and we knew we were in good hands at first bite 
- housemade burrata: they nailed the burrata on this. The sunchokes were a little unevenly cooked, some a little more raw than I liked, but the flavor was nice.
- beef tartare: the beef is so tender and flavorful, and the flatbread added a perfect crunch. Definitely one of the better beef tartares I've had. The lettuce, pickles, and even bacon seem unnecessary to me because the tartare could really stand on it's own without them.
- porcini mushrooms with egg and homemade mini English muffin: fancy breakfast in a skillet is what this is, and who doesn't love that?
- black cod: just melt in your mouth. The bone and marrow looking pastas were a bit bitter by themselves but worked beautifully when eaten with the rest of the dish
- tempura broccoli: yum, yum, yum. The tempura was light and not at all greasy and the scallop looking rice cakes were perfectly charred and garlicky. The kimchi lacked the spice and depth of flavor that I love in a kimchi, but the other components were delicious.
Good, but just not as great as the others:
- carrots: they were roasted beautifully, but I just didn't like the bagna cauda as much as I thought I would
- chocolate torte dessert: the chocolate parts were delicious, but there was too much fluff- literally and figuratively speaking- around the plate
- rice pudding: a little too much cardamom for my liking
Service was on-point, sparkling water is complimentary, and all of the dishes were beautiful. I think the main fault was often adding a few too many components to a dish which risked distracting you from the real stars. Overall, we were impressed by Petruce and can't wait to come back!Perfect meal.  Will dream about the lasagna.  Great wine list.  Can't wait to return.Elegant delicious food without fuzziness and service is top notch. The bread is worth every penny.Went here for dinner for 2 last night and it seemed promising.
I have higher expectations for restaurants that convey themselves as finer dining and for a "$$$" restaurant. 
Interior: cozy, rustic yet modern - really liked the exposed bricks. I liked that they have little cubby spaces for tables, it creates a more intimate environment.
Menu: Wasn't overly impressed with the menu at all. Nothing really stood out or made us want to order something. We ordered the same thing because thats what looked good, usually at a very good/great restaurant you're torn between what to choose for dinner.
What we ordered:
Drink: Man-Manhattan - very good drink, you could taste the rye whiskey, delicious
appetizers: 
1. onion soup - it was good, warm, and oniony, just the way it should be. But like many other onion soups - it was way too salty.
2. salmon crudo - presentation was beautiful. It was a light dish, which it should be, however, it was lacking in acidity, which would have made the dish really light and bright.  Additionally, it was under seasoned, could have used  a pinch of salt.
entree:
1. we both got the cod - fish was cooked very well, and very flakey. again a little under seasoned. the broccoli that was on the plate was really good and added a nice texture, because it was prepared like a tempura style, so it had a nice crunch.
dessert:
nothing, because the desserts did not look good. We just got coffee.
Service: 
Hostess - was really good
Server - so-so. never asked us if we wanted another drink. following up with each of the courses was treated as a formality and by her body language it felt very "one foot in and one foot out", because right after, she literally pivoted, and turned around to finish up with her other table.
Didn't leave me wanting more. I'm already pretty critical of "american contemporary" cuisine, so probs won't be returning.
But not a bad experience, just didn't wowit has truly been awhile since i was really excited about the inventiveness of a chef in philadelphia.  sure, i've been to a lot of restaurants that make good dishes...and i go back to them to eat those dishes.  but petruce was different: i tried things i was apprehensive about, and they were all amazing.  i'm not a chicken liver fan -- i've tried it easily ten times before...and there was always something about the graininess or gaminess of it that put me off.  this was totally different in both regards, and the pickled rhubarb and fresh sourdough it's served with is incredible.  the flavors and composition of each of the seven dishes we had were spot-on (head lettuce, sweet potato, beef tartare, chicken liver, lamb ribs, chorizo, and spanish mackerel).  i moved to philly in 2001, and this is one of the best meals i've ever eaten in the city.I'm sad to report this place didn't live up to the hype. The service was great and very attentive, and the decor and atmosphere were nice, but onto the food...
The menu sounds like it would be inventive and I usually am a huge fan of smaller plates so that I can taste more food / graze. However, I was disappointed that they brought out one plate at a time. When you get a small dish like the carrots, thats more like a veggie side dish, its a little weird to just eat that in its entirety before the next thing comes to the table. I felt it was odd they didn't bring out our chicken liver pate and the buratta together, since both come with bread and would seem to be a natural appetizer combination.
I felt a lot of the dishes were lacking in flavor. The chicken liver had a great texture but lacked that mineral flavor that is key to liver - you mostly taste the sweetness of the topping. The buratta was a nice portion but really needed salt. The octopus was small and the grits were very basic with just a drizzle of generic hot sauce. The lamb ribs were sparse, although I loved the fried polenta they came with. 
I was also looking forward to their signature sourdough, however the charred pieces they brought us with our liver and buratta weren't that great because all you could taste was the char. This really took away from the buratta especially since the flavors in that dish were so mild.
Another disappointment (and curiosity) was the blueberry mochi dessert. I'm a huge mochi fan, love that glutinous rice texture and other Asian pastries that use it. This dish however, was basically a blueberry streusel with some coconut cream on the side. No mochi in site. Not really sure how they decided to interpret that one and would love someone to explain it to me.BYOB a new concept in Philly, I guess, Bring Your Own Bread, what a disaster of a restaurant especially during restaurant week. You have a dish on the menu which calls for a toasted bread with some chicken liver and how come you run out of bread for a 7pm reservation. Oh by the way, they did serve bread to the new customers who just happen to sit on the table next to ours. What a shame!!
Doesn't it say something about this place. It's empty for god's sake.
Only order the lamb carpaccio if you are fond of the bitter taste, cause though nicely presented, the bitterness overpowers all the other flavors of this dish.
 The entree of pork shank was quite nice and would definitely recommend this.
The dessert of semolina is quite something with coconut n orange flavors. The other dessert of semi fritto was confusing as there were no sweet flavors n doughy in texture.
Most important, don't sit near the windows as it's quite frigid n cold in that area. It's better to sit inside.
The server was quite good n he was the only server with a pleasant personality n that scored them the third star.Inventive, fun food.  But wine prices don't match the food.
Barratta with Sour Cherries & Green Onions and a Sweet Potato with Avocado and a roasted Veal, that had been cooled with a wonderful sauce.  Very good food, some at 100% some only 70%, no flat out misses.
Oh, and did I say, beautiful presentations.
And we really liked the small, medium and large plates.  As well as the "et al"
But ... while the owner is protecting the farmers that grow the grapes and make the wine, there were very few choices in wine with prices that matched the prices of the foods.  Finding a bottle of wine less than $50 was a challenge, and the one we did fine was not available.Every dish is beautifully presented and delicious.  Menu changes almost daily. Chef does particularly amazing things with vegetables -  the baby carrots dish is always my favorite,  but the Brussels sprouts are addictive.  The entrees are always beautifully prepared,  filling,  and delicious,  but not heavy and fastening. 
 They have  the  best kind of good wine list : eclectic selection of delicious,  high quality wines from various regions, all by the glass so you can try different wines,  with an excellent sommelier guiding you unpretentiously towards the best choices for the palate.Not a hard 5,  but a 5 nonetheless.
Tough to put this kind of restaurant in a bucket since "American" is so broad of a term.  Let's see...it's probably closest to Talula's or High Street at this point.  Not "high end" like Laurel or Fitler Dining Room or equivalent.  Hardier.  Very approachable.  Filling.
Yeah, filling.  I had the duck liver.  Stacks of lightly toasted sticks of bread with a small tub of smooth, creamy liver.  So satisfying and a much larger portion that I expected.
Can say the same for the lasagna.  While this one didn't blow me away taste-wise this thing was way bigger than expected from a "nice" place.  Which this most definitely is.  The size of a Chipotle burrito, perhaps a bit longer if that helps.  Weird description but whatever it's what I thought of.
My girlfriend had the carrot and octopus.  As much as I enjoyed mine the bites I had of hers made me think she made the better choices (as she often does).  Both had an interesting progression of flavors which reminded me of Wonka's meal gum sans my girlfriend growing tentacles at the end.  
Also worth noting was the service (above average) and drinks (a touch expensive but very very good, strong).  All in all a place any lady, whether discerning girlfriend or visiting mother, would enjoy.I stopped in here for a snack and a drink with my fiance one evening and we sat at the bar. Our plan for the evening was to hope around and grab a drink and a bite at a few different places and this was our first stop. I had really wanted to try this place for a long time, and am sad to say I still havent had a full meal here, but what we experienced on this quick visit was all good. They have an excellent bar program and the menu looked incredibly enticing. We started off with a pair of cocktails, the Johnny's Own Demons and the Man Man-Hattan. Two very well made and delicious cocktails. The Johnnys Own Demons was a mixture of white rum, brandy, cynar, drambuie and lemon that had a refreshing flavor to it and the Man Man-Hattan was just that, a man cocktail. Rittenhouse rye, carpano antica vermouth, averna, laphroiag and bitters were combined to pack quite a punch, but in an extremely delicious way. 
We also ordered the grilled sourdough with whipped ricotta butter and it was phenomenal. The wood fire oven based restaurants in the city are all outstanding and this dish at Petruce is just one example of the greatness. While it may seem simple, this was an absolutely perfect dish. The flavor of the bread was fantastic and it was charred just the right amount. The texture and flavor of the butter was just as good as the flavor of the bread and it is something I can still vividly remember. 
I cant wait to return for dinner in hopes that it will be just as good as our quick visit to the bar here. Its definitely worth a visit.Just thinking about this meal stimulates my taste buds. I went here with a friend who did not appreciate it as much as me.She prefers straight forward food, the likes of say, Capital Grille whereas I prefer creativity, texture and unique combinations that  work. 
I felt like most of my plates combined savory, sweet, creamy, crunchy and salty to the delight of adventurous tastebuds. I tried the wood fired carrots, black bass which was  grilled to perfection, an order of  bread and dessert of grilled pineapple with decedent chocolate tort and pieces of caramel corn studded throughout. 
Very enjoyable meal and I cannot wait to return.I should have written this sooner, because now I kind of forgot what I had, but everything was really good.  We started with some crudo, and then ordered all of the veggie dishes, the lasagna, and one of the fish dishes.  I loved the carrots and the lasagna.  My friend had the lamb which he devoured.  The bread course is worth getting.  I tried the milk punch which was tasty, and then switched to champagne.  They are a little light on the pours especially considering the price.  I think for 4 we spent around $60, so a little more expensive then my typical night out, but everything was very well-prepared.  They seem to change the menu pretty frequently, which is nice because you can try different things, but if there's something you were really looking forward too (like fondue), it might be off the menu by the time you get there.I have never liked carrots, and I try to avoid pizza both for health reasons and because I had too much pizza at one period in my life. But after walking around so much on Saturday evening during the Papal visit, Petruce was right there when I could not walk one more step. The pizza with squid was amazing, but the carrot and kale salad was beyond awesome and beyond amazing, even better than their delicious version of soft serve ice cream. I just wish that like Pope Francis, they had taken their food and sold it in the streets (the pizza at least) so that more of the folks walking around could have had a little taste of their delicious food (and helped sales).Came here dinner. We started with some starters which included octupus (highly recommend), sweet potato, straciocella cheese appetizer. For main course, I got the stripes bass which was quite good though a bit pricey for a small portion of fish. My friends both got the pork chop with chestnut puree persimmon and cabbage. The chestnut puree was delicious. Overall food is quit creative here and while selection is not extensive, food is good.After reading some stellar reviews, petruce et al went to the very top of my "must try now" restaurant list and it did not disappoint. I will say that I was expecting something a little different. I had the impression this would be a pizza and pasta place but apparently just because you're cooking with a wood grilled oven, it doesn't mean you need to make pizza. I really loved the wood grilled flavors of a lot of our dishes. 
The place was small and we ended up in the window in front which was nice. Next time I'd love to sit in the back but the front was nice for our first trip/ 
We decided to share a lot which is always the best. I love being able to try a lot! The menu starts with smaller plates and moves to larger ones as you go down the page. My biggest complaint about this was that our waiter wasn't very good at letting us know the size of each dish. For example, there were three of us, and our lamb ribs only came with two ribs. This was pretty weird but thankfully he sent us another one free of charge. 
Anywho...onto my highlights. 
Loved the carrot dish. Roasted carrots a few ways in different shapes and sizes. It was hearty and light at the same time! The chicken liver with sourdough and rhubarb was also a love combo...especially since I just looooved rhubarb.  Next, the lamb ribs were great. These were so tender. I love lamb and I only wished there were more! The sweetness of the bbq worked so well and i loved that you could taste the wood grilled oven. My last highlight was actually the chicken. I never order chicken at a restaurant but the waiter recommended it and wow! It was perfectly cooked with creamy/lemony grits and a runny egg on top. Chicken feels so fall to me but they managed to make it light and so refreshing. I honestly would come back for it. 
So basically, our meal was very delicious. I can't say it's my new favorite spot but it's an excellent addition to the restaurant scene and as you can tell, I highly recommend that chicken!Began the night with the octopus dish. It was a small appetizer that I shared with my dining companion. There was a lot going on in the dish. The texture, flavor, even color all came together in this one plate. The octopus was perfectly cooked and the congee paired with the pickled turnips and field peas completed the dish. Warning, it is a bit spicy.  My mouth was a firework of flavors. Just like the Fourth of July, this dish is not to be missed.
The lasagna was good, but not as great as the octopus. Unless you're a big fan of lasagna, I would skip it.
The pork was delicious as well. It is really filling and I love the persimmons that were sprinkled on it. They say it's one of their most popular dishesDon't set your expectations high.  Especially if you're excited about the whole wood grill/oven thing.
I wasn't quite sure what to expect before I had dinner there tonight, and I'm not sure what to think of it now.
The service was earnest but inadequate.  Our server didn't really know the menu that well, and she actually got a few dishes wrong in her description (which was disappointing).  But it's the first day, so it's very possible that service will get much better in time.
The food was pretty good, but my biggest complaints are: (1) that the much-hyped wood oven/grill didn't seem to make much of a difference in the food; and (2) the value proposition wasn't very good.
The beef tartare was fun.  It tasted like a really great and upscale cheeseburger but completely different at the same time.  I liked it.  But the mushroom was the only thing that tasted like it came from the wood oven (but I mean, I don't fault them for that - it's beef tartare).  At $14, it was a solid dish.
We also got the octopus.  It was apparently finished off on the grill, but it was hard to tell (it was definitely charred well though).  The flavor was terrific.  Some of the octopus was nice and tender, but some was actually kind of tough though.  It wasn't a great value at $18 either.
The scallops were terrific.  The accompaniments and sauce didn't overpower the scallops, and the scallop was done as well as it could have been, I think.  At $28, though, it was a bit pricy for 4 decent-sized scallops.  And I didn't think the wood oven (if it was cooked in it at all) made any difference in the flavor of the dish, which was disappointing.
The lamb was pretty good.  The flavors (lamb, goat cheese, onions, the wine reduction) were very strong, which I like, but it's not for everyone.  You definitely need a glass of wine to cut through the flavors.  The meat was charred well, but again, I didn't really feel like the wood oven made any difference.  I don't even know if it was cooked in it.  At $24, it was a decently priced dish.
They don't give you bread for free.  It's $2 for two half-slices of bread.  But it's buttered & char-grilled on the wood grill and oh-so-perfect.  It was without a doubt my favorite dish of the night.  But think about it - it was bread.  And cost $4 for basically 2 slices.
Lastly, my wife and I shared the roasted pineapple.  I was told that it was cooked on the wood grill, but it was clearly not.  Plus, there were only two tiny slivers of it - it was mostly cake and chocolate/coconut.  It was very disappointing.
Overall, there were things that were great, and some things that were not.  Perhaps things will improve with time.  Perhaps not.
Even if the service/menu get better, I wouldn't go back unless things were priced at least 25% lower than where they're set right now.My friend and I came here for Restaurant Week since we have yet to try this place. We started our evening with a bottle of wine. We sat at the window table in front of the bar, so we felt isolated from the restaurant but it was quiet so can't complain. Our server opened it for us and immediately said a funny smell came from it, so he would go grab us a new bottle. It made me question that when they ask us if we want to try the wine, how a commonfolk like myself would know if it was indeed spoiled... He said the second bottle smelled fine and it sure tasted fine to me. 
For starters, I got the chicken liver mousse, which was an extremely sizable portion. The thick crusty bread that they serve it with is delicious. I definitely needed help finishing my portion and my friend willfully did so. He got the burrata that was flavorful but not extremely special. Our entree meats (the veal and pork shoulder) were very good and cooked well.
Unfortunately, dessert was extremely disappointing. I got the chocolate torte and the consistency was a little unappetizing. It was beyond the texture of chewy which made it a little tough. The tart candied kumquats did not pair well with the fluffy marshmallow creme (which I did like) or the peanuts. My friend's brownie sundae with ice cream, though simple, was definitely way better.Fancy. Small portions but very fresh and tasty.
Food:
Beef meatballs - great flavoring and homemade pasta
Bone marrow pizza - very strong. Very interesting. 
Halibut - excellent pairing of veggies and fish and sauces. Stand out dish of the night 
They also made me a refreshing limeade
Dessert was OK. Apple crumble. Nothing outstanding to match the rest of the food. The other ones sounded too random, like they have a dartboard of ingredients.
 Overall very high quality, interesting concoctions and nice staff.  Definitely worth a visitI'd been wanting to try Petruce Et Al since it opened and finally did so this past Friday night. We were able to snag a 7:30 reservation easily, probably because it was Halloween. When we arrived we were seated in the kitchen area, which is probably the best area to be on a cold fall/winter night as it's nice and warm by the fire oven. The decor was very 70s bachelor pad with the manly wallpaper and wood accents, which my fiancé was a big fan of. I ordered the Mrs. Wallbanger to drink and my fiancé had the Pillar. For $13 and $12 each respectively, I wasn't blown away with the taste. They were just ok and a bit perfumey for my taste. For starters we ordered the roasted carrot and the chicken liver. The carrots were tasty (reminded me of the vegan corned beef at vedge), but were TINY for $10. I know they were listed under small plates, but that didn't really elude to the teensy size of the dish. There were about 3 small sliced carrots and a couple of slices of onions. The chicken liver was very mild, which was good for me, but I didn't think it came with enough bread for the whole pot of chicken liver to spread. However, the size of the dish was more worth the $11 than the carrots. Then we had the octopus, which had a nice taste, but was again very small (just one clump of tentacles with some fried peas and hot sauce) making the $18 seem a bit steep. Finally, we ended with the pork shoulder, which was tender and juicy and a great ending to the meal. I would definitely order the pork shoulder again if I return, but for the prices I don't know if i'd order tapas style like we were recommended to do. We ended up spending $94 on 2 drinks, 2 small plates, an app and an entree and still felt hungry afterwards.We arrived early for pre theater dinner.  I ordered a cocktail of vodka chilled with fresh lime which was well prepared. Their method of charging was bizarre as they charged $4 extra for "up" saying they had to use more alcohol.( I may have preferred less since we were going to the theater).   The waitress explained that the dishes were for sharing.  We ordered two medium dishes.  The octopus was very good but 3 small pieces for $18.00 was way overpriced .  We told our waitress that we do not eat meat or poultry.  She told us there were a lot of dishes for pescatarians. She suggested the squash minus the chorizo.  It was not very satisfying- about two bites worth  not enough to share.  For the main course we ordered the black bass.  While eating it, there was something unusual  in the dish .  It was dark and therefore unnoticeable on the plate.  I thought it tasted like meat so I took the last piece out of my mouth and asked the manager what it was.  He said it was sausage.  I was rightfully upset since the waitress knew what our dietary concerns were and I had not had a morsel of meat in 15 years.  The manager apologized but in a perfunctory  way and belittled my distress.  He took the dish off the bill but became quite rude and abusive .  His attitude was unconscionable - totally uncalled for since the error was theirs.  I would never return to this restaurant nor would  I recommend it to any of my friends.  It was perhaps the worst dining experience that I can recall.Although difficult to spot at first, this restaurant is unforgettable once you give it a try! We made really good decisions from the menu and were treated with outstanding food and service! The highlight of my meal was the roasted chicken dish with asparagus and creamy grits. It tasted like mama's home cooking and it was oh-so-right. This is a great place for a date or a nice dinner - very dimly lit with an exciting menu and sweet waitstaff who went above and beyond to make us feel comfortable. Five stars! (I love giving 5 stars to places so close to home.)The atmosphere is intimate and the decor modern (all clean lines and earth tones). The service was timely and friendly; our waitress explained the menu well. It seems that 'tapas'-style dining is quite trendy these days, but the main advantage is that you get to try many different dishes without bloating yourself.
Since the waitress suggested 2-3 plates per person and we were three, we ordered and shared: roasted carrot, hiramasa, duck breast, octopus, yellowfin tuna, foie gras. All were quite tasty, with interesting combinations of flavors that made my taste buds happy. Furthermore, the portions were enough to fill, but not to kill. My favorites were the duck and the octopus (tender and spicy).
The cocktails also rate mentioning as they were inventive and the flavor combinations as unusual and complex as the food. We had: In the White Room, The Pilar, Poncho's Lament, Montreux 1971. Of them, the Montreux 1971 was the best.
For dessert, we had the mousse, which was nice and tart, but came with sweeter pastry and fruit. Flavor combination seems to be the specialty of this restaurant and I would say that they are good at it.
I will definitely come back to try the other dishes.
Addendum: Returned with family for another try, right before a show. Petruce et al is conveniently located right across the street from the Forrest & the waitstaff always ask if you have a time constraint, since they must have a lot of theater-goers as clients.
We tried different dishes and, again, were not disappointed. We had: lasagna, pork shoulder, beef tartare, summer squash, sweet potato, chicken liver, hiramasa, and a beef brisket special. We did not have time for dessert, alas, but everyone left with satisfied appetites.This review is for the bar only. We stopped by before dinner we were still undecided where to have dinner, it looked like a new contemporary place. We sat at the bar for a drink and checked out the food menu it was definitely on the high side but we didnt see anything in particular that stood out. We decided to hold off and I made a reservation at another restaurant instead. The wine list was limited I had a glass of wine that was $14 it was average.Despite the rude and cocky bartender up front as soon as you walk in, this is a great place. Avoid him if you can because he'll make you want to just turn around and walk out before experiencing the awesomeness that is beyond him.
HIGHLY recommend dining at the kitchen counter where you get to watch dishes being prepared. We loved the quail, mozzarella and beets and surprisingly really like the octopus, which we received by error.I really enjoyed the creative dishes and drinks. This place offered an excellent atmosphere, and I would totally recommend.Loved this place. Tried the carrots, octopus, and lamb. All were amazing. Can't wait to go back and maybe take some notes to post a more thorough review ;-)petruce et al could make me go back to being a vegetarian. I actually preferred the
vegetables over the meat. I had the roasted carrot with kale and the sweet potato with avocado, tomatillo and quest fresco to start and could have stopped there. The dry-aged strip loin was good too, but the vegetables were simply amazing. 
The wine list was impressive and combined with the excellent service, petruce delivered a top-notch dining experience.Went with another couple for dinner last weekend.  Overall, was VERY pleasantly surprised by petruce.  I was not incredibly excited about the menu options beforehand and when I arrived to see that the menu was different than the menu posted online I was even more disappointed. However! I was extremely surprised by how much I enjoyed almost everything we ordered.  
To start, I was underwhelmed by the drink menu.  I ended up drinking beer, which is highly unusual for me.  Next, the food menu was a little confusing for me.  The server explained that the menu is meant for sharing, but the dishes did not feel like they were meant to be shared.  Additionally, our server suggested around 3 items per person, and when we ordered 9 items for 4 people he said that it was a rather large order (which it ended up being).  But that just added to my confusion.  In the end, we ended up ordering one small or medium and one large plate per person, which WAS a lot of food.   All of that said, however, we really enjoyed almost everything that came to the table.  I would skip the beet salad and the pork was only ok, but everything else was outstanding - we tried the foie gras, onion soup, lasagna, the lamb and the chicken.  The lasagna, chicken and lamb were wonderful. 
The space was nice and the service was great.
Overall, I would definitely go back. I just wish they would work on the menu.  To me, it feels like the type of place and menu that you should have a starter (or split one) and a main course. And the items should come from the kitchen in that way.  All of that said, I would go back for the lasagna and chicken in a heartbeat.All of the food was delicious! The service is great and the staff is super friendly (especially the manager Tim). It's a great place to go with friends and share dishes :) we got to try a bit of everything and left very full and content
Sourdough (they make it themselves!)- already good by itself (soft with a crispy crust) but the tomato butter makes it a must have.
Roasted carrot- never had carrots prepared in so many different ways before. Delicious with the bagna cauda dip.
Tomato salad- you will start having a love affair with veggies after you have this one
Lamb sausage- one of my favorites! So delicious and comes with a yummy grape sauce and brioche (made in the restaurant!)
Chicken liver- never had chicken liver before so wasn't sure if I'd like this, but it was very good. Goes great with the sourdough and nectarines it comes with.
Octopus- never had octopus before either. It was delicious and was crispy and charred on the outside. 
****Pork shoulder- if you can only get one thing, this is what you should pick! Hands down the best pulled pork-esque dish I've ever had. Seriously though. Get it.
Duck breast- very tender, flavorful, and juicy. The mushrooms and corn it's served with are very yummy too
Apple cake- perfect fall dessert. It's rich and delicious :) need I say more?
Will need to come back and try the wine sometime. I have heard that their wine list is fabulous and that their sommelier is pretty coolThe food is some whacky fusion of American, Italian, Asian, soul food, Mexican. A lot goes on in the mouth. The appetizers all the way thru the desserts are quite delicious. The sweet potatoes queso thing was average. I had the only vegetarian item, the lasagna. And i have never had such a rich and tasteful lasagna ever before, it's shaped like a giant Gnocchi, and the taste was absolutely phenomenal. My Friend ordered the pork shoulders and it was also overwhelming. The flavors are great. Make sure to order the apple cake dessert. The presentation is very random and scattered on the plate, which is kind of neat. Keeps you guessing on how to attack the food.This restaurant is a delight.   We were waking up z Walnut Street and decided on spur of the moment to eat here.   A small, well appointed restaurant.  We sat at one of the two tables at the window and the people watching was entertaining.   We ordered the fix prix menu and ordered the summer squash salad and lamb sausage for apetizers.  The salad was especially interesting and delicious! !!  Our main courses were the stripped  bass and the lasagna.  The bass was very very good with a perfect crispy skin and cooked just right and well seasoned.   The deserts were delicious and finished the evening off with some of the best coffee we have had in Philly!!!  A foodies delight! !!This is a great date night spot. The octopus was good, but the lasagna was amazing! The portion size was definitely larger than a medium plate. Someone recommended the chicken liver - I would definitely pass on that one.  Be prepared to spend $$$.The prix fixe menu is a great deal. Our waitress was very friendly, knowledgable, and attentive. Amazing key lime dessert!!!This was a place I had been wanting to try for a long time, unfortunately it did not live up to my expectations.  We arrived and were seated in the lower bar area which defiantly has much less ambiance then the main dinning room above.  Our table was situated next to the hallway connecting the bar and dining room and it felt like I was on the outside looking in all night.  We were greeted by the gentleman who was running the front of the house and told our waitress would be right with us, roughly 5 min passed and we still hadn't had anyone come to our table.  At that point the gentleman who had previously greeted us came back and took our drink order- we then preceded to wait another 10 min before our waitress even came to the table.  We started with the broccoli tempura and the sweet potato vegetable starters which were very good - however the sweet potato portion was not worth the $11 price tag.  We then placed our entree order, my wife ordering the half chicken while I ordered the pork shoulder.  This is were the frustrations hit a head - we waited roughly 30-35 min for our main courses.  During that time frame not once did our waitress come by to check on us, facilitate a cocktail order, or fill us in on the status of our meal.  I finally again had to flag down the front of the house manager to inform him what was going on, he apologized and magically our waitress appeared to inform us that our food was being plated.  The half chicken was one of the saltiest dishes I have ever tasted- I understand the idea of a salt crusted skin but the amount of salt poisoned the rest of the side items on the plate.  The pork shoulder was actually very good and one of the only highlights of the evening.  After our meal the manager approached the table and offered to comp us desert to which we politely declined as we just wanted to exit and head home.  Much to our surprise before the check came out we were presented with a desert- this was a nice thought and it was appreciated.  That being said we declined the initial offer for a reason mainly because our level of frustration was at its peak and we just wanted to head home- we didn't want anything for free we just wanted to let the manager know of the shaky service we received.  A bit of advice for the future would be to take a drink or app off the bill if he really felt the need to appease the situation, rather then presenting us with something we already declined.  Over the bill came to $147.00 before tip for 2 apps 3 drinks and 2 entrees - for this amount I can dine almost anywhere in the city and next time I can think of numerous places that will get that expendable income we put aside for date night.  Unfortunately something I was looking very forward to fell really really flat.I just had my second meal here, and in a word, Wow!
The food at Petruce is flavor balanced, savory, bold and rustic.
I am vegetarian and  first glance of the menu it would seem limiting but really, how many vegetarian items would I need in a meal?
 Judging from others reviews the carrot appetizer is an out of the ball park hit. I would order two and make it a meal. It's that good.
I also tried the wood fired califlower app.with almonds sitting in creamy goodness and studded with red grapes to offset the savory califlower. So good.
I also tried my friend's lasagna, which was quite sustantial, and someone remarked that they would rename the dish, "lasagna candy" because the charred pasta texture was like eating a lovely, crunchy yet chewy lasagna taffy.
Then came my striped bass entree which fell off my fork like butter and sopped up with the house made crunchy, chewy bread.
If you are someone that likes food with texture and layers of flavor that combine crunch, creamy, sweet, salty then come here because you are in for an adult treat.
I came here on a Saturday night and the place can get really busy and noisy but come here on a Sunday night and it is not busy and much more pleasant.
The staff is attentive and very friendly.
Please keep up the great work.Went a second time and found the food and service to be consistent. Tried a larger assortment of dishes all tasted fabulous. 
We then ordered one of every dessert and were equally as satisfied. 
It doesn't get better than this place.What an unexpected surprise!!! We were in the mood for something new and apparently this place just opened up, make sure not to walk past it as we did! The inside is really dimly lit and cozy, great for dates! Next we noticed the great service, everyone said hello to us and made sure we were OK through out the night. At  7 on a Friday it was pretty empty but filled out by the end of the night, it seemed like they did have a bit too many wait staff though. 
Next is the food! It was soo goood! Reminded me of Jamonera and Telulas garden in terms of food and presentation. Everything was simple but with great and interesting flavor! Our carrot app was light and flavorful. The trout was perfectly crispy was delicious with yogurt sauce and crunchy bits. The best was the grits that came with the chicken dish. So unexpected, but they were buttery, lemony and amazing. Could def just get a bowl of that. Finally, the most perfect dessert to end the night was the light and creamy rhubarb mousse, with pistachio like cake and awesome strawberry sauce. It was seriously amazing and would strongly recommend everyone to try it as it had the cake and ice cream in one combo!  Overall this place seems very underrated so I hope they do well as the food and service (and prices) are on par with all of the Philly best restaurants. Plus I love that the menu is short and sweet and not overwhelming with choices! It would be nice if they had a tasting menu though!Went with my sister, nephew and nephew's SO. The service was top notch and enjoyed most of the food. Particularly yummy was the Sweet Potato app and the octopus. The ribs, however, were a little lackluster. Nothing bad, just boring. 
If you can, snag a seat toward the back and watch them work the ovens.Amazing meal, great cocktails!  One of the best meals I've had in a long time. Everything had great flavor and cooked perfectly.  The duck breast was delicious as well as the pancetta in the chicken dish. Service was pleasant and on par with other nicer restaurants. Will definitely go back to try more of the menu!Great potential BUT just ok!
Hit or miss on the small and medium plates. 
Winners:
Sweat Potatoes 
Octopus (big time)
For dinner the lamb is a great dish 
Beets ok but not better (regardless of what they tell you and I love beets) 
Quail a bit less than ok 
Limited wine list and not great selections 
Hope they make it as I see potential, but lots of great choices in and around this neighborhood  
Service is quick and attentive but not refined - a bit of a weakness - unsure about the menu and unsure about ingredientsThe place is decorated like a classy gent designed his bachelor pad to impress ladies. Thats a good thing. 
We were encouraged to share, though the portions were generally small (and beautiful). The one exception being the skate in the "et al" section which was really hearty. The skate is served with the pins in, not my preference. I think it also prevented the skate meat from getting extra crispy, which is the best part about skate. The fennel, served shaved and roasted was excellent. 
Going backwards, to the large plate menu, the lamb was excellent. Scallops were perfect, however there were only 3. I really liked the rutabaga puree with it. The lamb is a better value here. 
From the medium plate menu, the octopus had that perfect grilled texture you are always looking for, but I was disappointed that there was a mild fishy/less fresh taste. At a nicer restaurant, I expect sea creatures to be sweet, briny, and ultra fresh. The grits surrounding it were great. The sweetbread were delicious, there were just very few actual sweetbreads to pick at. It makes the recommended sharing situation difficult. 
From the bar, I loved the milk punch. There is this whole straining process to get the clarify the milk, providing a really unique taste.Overdue review. We came during restaurant week. Started with some fun cocktails. For apps I got the burrata and my husband got the chicken liver. Both were pretty generous and delicious. For mains we got a pork dish and a veal dish. Both were rich and packed with flavors. I thought the food was unique. Not the same thing you see on menus all over the city. The food tended a little on the heavy side but in a good way. I look forward to going back.Great new restaurant in the city! Came here for a birthday dinner with 8 other people an everyone loved the food and service. I enjoyed that they had different sizing options (small, medium, large plates) to fit your hunger level. I had the foie gras which was amazing and the chicken was perfect and moist. The waiters were attentive without being overbearing. I definitely recommend trying this place out. Only thing is, make sure you go to the door on the right of the building because that's the entrance. The door to the left is a private residence and you'll look like a fool (like I did) pulling on the door and having it not open.Family dinner for the restaurant week and it was very satisfied and delicious! It was such a nice deal for the great food: lamb sausage was fulfill and tasty, fresh salad had an amazing dressing! All main dishes were excellent! It's worth to try it! We will be back! Keep up with good dishes!It was the best of times, it was the worst of times.
Expectations going into this dinner were held high based on articles, social media buzz and an online menu that looked right up my ally.
Started with drinks which took a while to get to the table based on two bartenders and it still being early in the night - should have seen this as an early warning sign.  A "man manhattan" for me (nothing unmanly about it - nice twist with the smokiness from the laphroiage) and girlfriend got the "I can't remember the name of the drink but tasted exactly like a mimosa despite other ingredients being added to OJ and sparkling water."
First course was the beets, carrots and sweet potatoes... Again, took awhile to come out.  All better then the next. Guac mixed with the sweet potatoes was something I never would have thought of doing but delicious.  The pickled beets were mind blowing sitting atop the beet purée.  All three platings were beautiful.
Next was the lasagna and octopus... Took a while so on to more drinks. Sparkling red is suggested with the lasagna and a nice pairing. They char the side of the lasagna that is more of a bread then noodle - great take on a classic dish. If they threw an egg on top I would've died and gone to fat kid heaven.  Octopus was whatever. It in itself was good but the mush around it didn't enhance and the "hot sauce" drizzled sparingly was more butter then heat.
Up to this point, still a great meal and hindsight 20/20 should've asked for the check at that point.  Instead, being the fat kid that I am, I asked for a full bodied glass of wine and looked forward to the next course. Bordeaux blend was recommended which tasted more like a merlot (extremely disappointing that that is their "full bodied" wine and you have a $50 steak on the menu). I had plenty of time to ponder since our main courses didn't arrive for another 30 + minutes. 
At this point we'd been here for 2 hours so I needed to go feed my meter again. Yes, 2 hours for two courses. Couldn't really get into anything after this because we had just sat for too long with overall great dishes followed up by some mediocre bevs and wait times that were on par with a DMV station.
Mackerel was good itself but slopped up in cream.
Pork shoulder was presented as a brick which had that whole outside char going which gave it a nice crunch but could have used some flavor on the inside other then mushy, shredded pork (long hots anyone?).
Really wanted to try the coffee from rival brothers so made the mistake of ordering deserts and the tequila/coffee drink (way too sweet). Coffee came (good job rival bros) and was completely finished by the time the desserts came. Actually comped them without us saying anything realizing how long the whole ordeal took.  They were probably good desserts but at that point couldn't wait to leave 3+ hours later. 
Would've loved to give this place a higher rating and if it wasn't for the duration I could have easily looked past the little nuisances in the dishes that were more of a personal preference then complaint... But way too long to venture trough each course of the menu as the waiter had suggested.I had the most enjoyable dinner last Friday.  Starting with a few cocktails with an affable bartender George to a meal that I can't forget.  
I live 2 hours away and I had to fight the urge just to drive down on a week night to enjoy another meal.  
The roasted carrots were delicious
The grilled Octopus I couldn't get enough of
And the Lasagna was so unique but beyond that it was so flavorful!  
Planning on my return visit as I write.First time here, and overall had a great experience. The staff was welcoming and nice. the space was nicely decorated - a bit of urban + outdoorsy. I'm glad the restaurant overall was small and intimate but might always require reservations to be made.
And of course...I was impressed the the food.  All of the meat preparation was incredible - the veal, pork, fish - really beautifully cooked, tender, very flavorful.  A few interesting twists to the appetizers - the octopus in congee, meat served with kimchee - i thought it was a fun twist on the dishes. 
Great selection of wine and beer! There is a bar stretched the length of the restaurant and was full all night, but it wasn't distracting or overflowing with patrons - just a nice rotating set of people so it did not make me feel claustrophobic being seated next to the bar. 
Great experience overall - looking forward to seeing the next seasonal menu there.What a fantastic meal! In fact, I'm still thinking about those carrots. Yes, carrots, I'm still think about the carrots. Anyway, we had a reservation, but arrived early, so we had a drink at the bar while we waited to be seated. The bartender was friendly and allowed us to sample a couple of beers on draft before we decided on the pilsner. We were seated along the wall in the rear of the restaurant at a small two-top across from the open kitchen. We started with the baked sourdough bread, the cauliflower, and the roasted carrots with kale and bagna cauda. The bread and roasted carrots were excellent, while the cauliflower, although good, was not a standout item. Next we ordered the sweet potato with avocado, tomatillo, and queso fresco. I'm a fan of all the ingredients, but this dish didn't work for me. My husband was super impressed with the duck breast, and I with the lasagna. Not something I'd typically order out, but it proved to be a great choice. The lasagna is listed as a medium plate, but it's a sizable portion baked with béchamel and tomato, yum. It was super dense and when thrown into the wood-fired oven, it caramelized and formed this wonderful crust around the edges. We didn't indulge in dessert, but we will when we return.We had a group of 5 and ordered almost everything on the menu. I would definitely eat it all again. The food and drinks were all delicious!
My favorites were the chicken liver mousse, sweet potatoes, octopus, pork shoulder and sea bream. For the cocktail I had the In the White Room and that was surprisingly delicious as well! I'm looking forward to a return visit!Part 2 of my review of opening night:
OCTOPUS: Rice grits, field peas, hot sauce--Frankly, for all the hype that the wood-fired grill has been getting, I was surprised that this was the first dish that really featured it (although we were probably just choosing the wrong dishes). Tender and charred, with a little spicy kick to the grits, and weird little chewy grilled (?) peas, it wasn't exactly one of my favorites, but then again, I would have no trouble ordering it again.
And for dessert...
~ROASTED PINEAPPLE: Mochi, chcolate coconut ganache--I didn't really see anything I would call real mochi in this, but it was a simple yet balanced and delicious end to the meal.
Obviously we enjoyed every dish. In some ways this reminds me a bit of Vernick, with the grill added on top (although we obviously didn't get the full effect of the latter). If that is the case, it should be quite popular, although I think the dishes may not be quite as universally appealing. We shall see...
As far as the much anticipated wine list, we tried by the glass:
~2012 Terres Dorees Beaujolais Blanc--Jean-Paul Brun is one of my favorite Beaujolais producers, and the somewhat hard to find Blanc is always in my fridge. Not a great or complex wine, but a nice one to have around. This was $7/11/58 for 3oz/5oz/bottle. We'll call this a $15 a bottle wine retail, so the mark up was in the 3.9X range.
~2012 Flavio Roddolo Dolcetto d'Alba--$8/14/56, not a wine I'm familiar with, but it was well balanced and went well with our food. The only place I can find this wine on the web is in CA for $23, so that is a 2.4X markup.
The 11 wines on the list (counting a sherry and a cider) ranged from $38-60 a bottle, and all were available by the glass. So an affordable wine selection. 5 ounce pours for $11 and $14 were not particularly liberal. Good Schott Zwiesel restaurant series stems.
Noise level was at a moderately energetic volume on a sold-out night, but I suspect the separation between the bar and restaurant proper probably helps some. 
All told, $123 (not counting the two $11 cocktails, tax and tip). Service was timely and excellent thanks to our knowledgeable server Ben.
No visit from the brothers, but the place was sold out, so they were hopping in the kitchen. As I said, they already seem to be firing on all cylinders.
A promising start for what I think will be a successful restaurant for Justin & Jonathan. It has a good location, sexy feel, and the cooking is creative and interesting. A killer wine list will hopefully put it over the top in my book. Best of luck guys!Fabulous! We had a great dinner here two nights ago. We sat at the chef's counter and enjoyed a number of dishes. The black bass and pork shoulder were big hits with our group. We enjoyed the octopus, the delightful bread and of course the sweet potato as well. 
Keep in mind, the front of the restaurant is much cooler (in temperature) that the rear. You are just about sitting in the kitchen at the chef's counter -- with an open flame closeby, so just be forewarned if you are sensitive to heat.We were visiting Philly for a couple days and were recommended to this restaurant.  We made reservations for a Sunday night.  We arrived on time, and had a table immediately available -- the restaurant seemed at a slower pace (not unusual for Sunday).  We ordered bread, the carrots, lasagna, and pork shoulder.  I could go one by one but all of them were delicious.  I loved that the food had the flavor of being cooked in wood-fired oven and grill.  Definitely recommend and would go back when coming to Philly.Decent place nice atmosphere nice service good food. The sweet potato was okay, the steak was good, the duck was okay and the dessert was nicely present like a flower and the mousse was like a cloud. I enjoyed this place over all. 
The star surprisingly was the mushroom side on the duck dish the mushroom was like a PHOW of flavor the best mushroom i ever had. That should be a dish of its own. 
Another plus was the presentation was very nice on all the platesI had the veal breast and my boyfriend had the pork shoulder. Both excellent dishes. Casual ambience, open kitchen concept, and superb wine selection. If you like key lime pie, the soft serve sundae was to die for!I love this restaurant. I forget to take photos sometimes because the dishes look too good I can't wait to try them! 
Presentation, taste, texture is always all there at Petruce. Every component to each dish has its own wonderful flavor, and combined is the perfect bite. If you can, sit in the back where they make the food along the bar with a wood fired oven. 
The menu changes often with either a different dish, or different preparation of a dish within season. 
For appetizers I've had the beech mushrooms that they make the sesame bread and mascarpone cheese in house. Loved the broccoli tempura, roasted carrots and sweet potato.
Lasagna is delicious with béchamel, ricotta and tomato sauce. The pork shoulder is phenomenal and octopus is perfectly cooked! Poussin is a baby chicken, tender and oh so good. 
Pineapple cake was warm, crusty, sweet Mm! Macerated strawberries had a light sweetness to it and it is prepared beautifully. I even ate the flower pedals. Ever have a gooseberry?! I have in both an entree and a dessert here. 
I have always been happy with the drinks, including the port wines with dessert. Ask your server or maitri d for pairings. 
Service has been fine. So far, very attentive and haven't had any long waits for food. 
If you're into modern American cuisine, you will love Petruce.Philly's on a roll as far as new restaurants, and here is one more promising newcomer...
Last night was the offical opening night of Petruce et al., the independent debut of ex-Mémé brothers Justin & Johnathan Petruce. After several days of a soft opening, they were already firing on all cylinders. I was impressed.
First off, it is a beautiful space. I gather this used to be a women's clothing shop, and it is long and thin, unusually so for a restaurant. A nice windowed bar looking out onto Walnut Street is the first think you encounter upon entering. Metal bar stools, tables, and some comfy-looking 4-top booths along the wall.
This is George Costa's domain (and Paul's), the well-known mixologist formerly of Southwark and Pub & Kitchen. He's full-time here now, and he's created some tasty libations for PetEtAl. There is also a short (for the moment) wine list from über-som Timothy Kweeder (of a.Kitchen/a.bar fame) focused on natural wines. Not to mention some interesting sounding beers, both by draught (5) and bottled. Apparently the full wine list is a work in progress, but you know it's going to be unusual and interesting.
This is a cool bar, both sexy and cosy at the same time. By the time we left, it was full, but not excessively noisy. Unsurprisingly, George's cocktails were excellent:
~THE PILAR: El Dorado rum, Creme Yvette (violets), lime, pineapple
~PONCHOS' LAMENT: Cazadores reposado, Ramazzotti, agave, cold-brewed coffee, mole bitters, fizzy water...this is what you wish your next iced coffee tastes like!
Moving on to our dinner table, behind the bar it briefly narrows, and proceeding up a short stairs you enter the restaurant proper, with tables in front, cool little 2-top booths along the left, and the pièce de résistance open kitchen along the right. 6 high-tops at the kitchen counter will undoubtedly be the seats to compete for (did our server say they may be saving these for walk-ins???), with an in-your-face view of PetEtAl's most unique feature: the side-by-side wood-fired grill and matching oven.
Awesome pizza-making equipment, but the word has been they are not doing pizza. But I saw some photos online, so I expect we'll see some before long.
The menu is divided into 4 sections: small, medium, large, and "et al.". To try a larger variety of dishes, we decided to skip the latter two categories (although that "32 ounce dry aged ribeye" for two was tempting, despite the $88 price tag).
~RED BEETS: Kimchi, yougurt, sesame--Of course, everyone if Philly seems to want a signature beet dish. I don't know if this is PetEtAl's but it was an interesting medley of large chunks of roasted red beets, and very acidic pickled yellow beets (I think, it's a fairly dark restaurant). Quite a contrast, it is one of this dishes that you have to eat both extremes together or it's just too shocking to your palate.
~ONION SOUP: Rabbit, nettles, Provoleta--This was a highly untraditional ode to French Onion Soup, which tends to bore me, but this was anything but boring. Rich caramelized onions, but a lighter rabbit broth, in which were swimming meatballs, nettles, arugula, and lovely little chunks of smoked cheese. My favorite dish!
~MUSHROOMS: Marrow, potato bread, soubise--Loved the contrast of meaty mushrooms (Black Fungus is one of my favs) and the unctuous bone marrow (roasted in the bone and then removed. One of our favorite dishes.
~TARTARE: Black trumpets, speck, iceburg lettuce, pickle--Iceburg lettuce? Are you kidding me??? LOL, this dish didn't make a lot of sense, until our server explained Speck = Bacon, oh, it was meant to be a deconstructed hamburger! Actually very tasty, but definitely not your standard beef tartare, and maybe a bit too moist I thought.
~SPAGHETTI: Sepia, sea urchin, orange--This came up on Chowhound the other day as an example of Spaghetti ai Ricci, and it was one of our favorite dishes of the evening. The house-made and very al dente noodles look like squid ink, and the silky uni paired well with the slightly chewy but still tender squid. A lovely dish.
For Part 2 of my review, click below:a great experience. a couple of young guys staying true to the ingredients. very well done. cocktails are not to be missed.So uhh this might be my new favorite spot. I think this is really happening. 
We were a party of four that walked in and was immediately seated and greeted by our server.  The place is nicely decorated with a cool ambiance going on. 
What we ordered:
roasted carrot. wax beans, bagna cauda, pistachio - everyone is talking about this and it is super good.  petruce does a phenominal job at pairing good sauces with the dishes and the carrot app is a great example of this.
sweet potato. avocado, tomatillo, queso fresco - perfectly cooked dish to share also a nice dish with some substance if you're looking for something along those lines.
hiramasa. almond, peach, fried shallot  - we would've never thought to order this but our server said it was his favorite and well we gotta try that, right? so good. get this. it's also beautifully prepared and once again a great sauce accompaniments.
lasagna. béchamel, tomato - this was also awesome. it was a nice size to eat and not overly fill you. the perfectly cooked bread with sauce and cheesy goodness will have me dreaming up how to make this my own recipe.
octopus. congee, field peas, hot sauce - seriously another homerun... i really can't say enough to praise how good the whole meal was. Octopus was perfectly cooked with and once again the sauce was spot on above perfection.
pork shoulder. dragon beans, cucumber, jalapeño, peanut  - great texture falls apart with a beautifully tender feel.  its a toss up between this and the chicken (later) as my favorite main.
yellowfin tuna. romesco, hazelnut, chantrelles, vidalia - very good, dont get me wrong this was good... I just loved everything else that much better.
chicken. grits, broccoli rabe, pancetta, pioppini, egg yolk - this is another star on the menu that you see many people talk about. it's great. I highly suggest ordering it and checking it out for yourself.
I will be back here.  I'll be back here so many times that they know me by name.  I have no doubt about that.  Congrats Petruce, you are doing it right.OK, I can't say enough good things about this restaurant. I wish I lived closer so I could visit this restaurant more often. The menu is exciting - different - eclectic. The presentation is done right. Really right. Service was attentive and if you go there (which you definitely SHOULD), ask for Paul. Always nearby, but never in your face, he kept our cocktails flowing, helped us order exactly what we wanted, and couldn't have been nicer. Don't forget dessert! And WHEN you go, which you MUST, make reservations first. It's not that large a space, and you don't want to miss an amazing meal there!My wife took me here for my birthday, in December. The food was generally good (though I'd take In Riva's pizza over this pizza any day). The service varied between ok and indifferent. 
The one-star rating is because of what happened the day *after* we ate there. We had taken home what was left of the lasagna, and when we pulled it out of the microwave and started to eat it, we noticed that, under the sauce, there was a LIME STICKER ATTACHED TO THE NOODLES. 
I called the restaurant and asked for the manager and Kevin picked up. I explained what had happened and he apologized. He said he remembered our table and would credit us for the lasagna. He told me to email him to remind him of my name, which I did as soon as I hung up (kevin@petrucephilly.com). 
He's never responded, even after I emailed again.
Amazing that a restaurant would serve patrons a STICKER, offer to comp only the dish in question, and then blow off the customer. Amateur hour.