Sure, if you don't know good Indian food and you automatically love any vegetarian/ gluten free spot you come across, then it makes sense that you'd give this place anything above 2 stars. 
I've been here twice (once was enough, second time was against my will) and I've tried at least six or seven things off of the menu. Only one of them was any good, the rest was made really poorly and prepared strange overall-- just read the ingredients on the menu and you'll see what I mean.
Once one of the wraps was just plain offensive and my friend couldn't get past two bites. I tried it too and thought it was pretty disgusting. Finally we sent it back because it was just plain awful and ice cold. Can't believe they would even serve it. I was surprised that they offered to serve something else in its place for free, but after having something so bad, we had pretty much lost our appetites and declined. 
The service is pretty awful as far as I've seen. They always seem to be in a terrible mood as if they hate talking to you. They can't even fake smiles or happiness for some unknown reason. It puts a sour twist on the already bland and sub-par experience.
The place itself seems super sterile and clean which is good but leaves the room smelling like soap and chemicals. They could either lighten up on the disinfectant or at least use air fresheners. The seating is fine for a shack-type spot, nothing impressive here either.
Drinks are overpriced. 
I hate going here and will avoid it at all costs. There's absolutely nothing that appeals to me about this place and I have never once actually enjoyed my meal here. There are other spots in the city to get Indian food although none of them are all that great and have similarly rude attitudes as far as I've seen. I don't like to make sweeping generalizations but you can try them for yourself and you'll see what I mean.
Friends who try to suggest this place for dinner are now ex-friends.Authentic North Indian food, great taste and made fresh compared to the other indian buffet places!I got a mango lassi and a chicken dosa with goat cheese, spinach, and portabella mushrooms. Thankfully for me, it wasn't spicy (gastrointestinal issues make it difficult for me to consume a lot of Indian spices) and the chicken was pretty flavorful. Unfortunately the coconut chutney was missing something - maybe a chai-ish spice combination? It didn't have a lot of flavor.
The mango lassi was a bit thicker than I was expecting, but I'm not super-well acquainted with Lassi. It was most definitely delicious - plenty of mango flavor!
The staff were pretty friendly - I asked if they made stuff like gulab jamun or barfi/burfi and the latter is apparently too difficult to make there, but they have made gulab jamun in the past. The desserts are switched out on something like a bi-weekly basis.
Also the dosa came with some kind of soup. It made a good dip for the dosa in the parts where there wasn't any filling (which was about two-thirds of it, for better or worse.Some really nice food in downtown philly. Worth checking it out! We had the Mysore dosa and paneer kathi roll. Both of them flavorful, the roll was a little oily. The chutney was watery. Other than, the place has decent options and the service is quick.I went back and I am sitting here in the afterglow of a bowl of sambar. It was 93 cents well spent.
I ordered:
 - Dosa with veggie chicken, spinach and roasted onion
 - Idli 
 - Sambar
 - Curry Chutney
 - Mango Chutney
 - Masala Chai
If you'll recall, a dosa is a rice-flour crepe, and an idli is a savory rice-flour cake. Sambar is a stew/gravy made from lentils, tomatoes, tamarind, hot pepper, and various spices and vegetables. An excellent accompaniment to any Indian meal, sambar can be poured on dosa, idli, rice, or just about anything.
The spinach, onion, and veggie chicken did a really nice job of adding body to a dosa as a meal. I split an order of idli with my coworker. Both the dosa and idli dipped in mango chutney, curry chutney, or sambar were, savory, spicy, and quite tasty. The sambar is solid, especially at the price point of 93 cents. Its kick leaves you with a gentle spicy glow. 
The masala chai was as expected. 
So go grab a dosa, idli, or samosa and drop an extra buck on the sambar. You'll be glad you did.We stopped in here to take a food break from watching the 2017 mummers' parade. The place was fairly quiet and the staff was helpful and friendly. I love the dosas here - tasty, light, crisp. Both the chutney and sambar that their served with were delicious. I'm a big fan of the spicy potato filling, great on a crisp January day. This is one of my long time favorite go-to value restaurants in Center City; give it a try!First time trying  PCC and it was a good experience. I tried the Chicken Tika Masala which was really flavorful and not too spicy with good amounts  of chicken. The rice was very good with the sauce. I would have liked a little more salad. My Mango Lasi was good also
My daughter got a Kati Roll which she liked. The fries were surprisingly good. 
The inside was really pleasant and clean and hip. Sort of a fast food, good quality Indian restaurant. Not a bad choice for lunch or a quick meal plus Federal Doughnuts is right next door!Blah. The concept is great and dosas are naturally gluten free, so I was all for Philadelphia Chutney opening here. I've tried similarly named Hampton Chutney in NYC and was so happy to finally eat a "sandwich" again.
Unfortunately, Philadelphia Chutney did not measure up. First, the taste of the dosa was a little overwhelming. While Hampton Chutney's dosas are a lot lighter and very subtle, these dosas tasted very sour and were too thick to have a good crisp texture. My main problem, though, was with the fillings. When you're dealing with veggies, you gotta step up the flavor. There was certainly spice, but something (salt maybe?) was lacking to balance out the flavors. The masala potatoes sounded good, but it was basically yellow mush that had zero flavor. The roasted onions were lost in the mound of potatoes, as was the paneer I was looking forward to.
The worst part was the cilantro chutney. It was HORRIBLE. It had this weird grainy texture and sort of gray in color- definitely not fresh. And a really bad coconut-like aftertaste.
I would consider returning in the future, but for now I'll stick to my trips to NYC for dosas.Excellent fast food, Indian style. The dosa's were paper thin and wonderfully greaseless-quite a trick! The chutneys were also excellent and tasty. This place is about 100 feet from my hotel, so I suspect I'll end up eating here a lot.You've got to get a dose of.... Philadelphia Chutney Company's dosas!  
...And their sambar, idli, lassis, and chutneys!!!
Having fallen in love with New York's "Hampton Chutney Company" (though not with their prices or massive crowds), I've been longing for a local place offering delicious and quick South Indian cuisine and my wish has come true!!
Philadelphia Chutney Company is just what this area of center city needed--the food is fresh, tasty, and special and the venue is comfortable with no frills or attitude.  The prices are reasonable and the service is great!
I highly recommend the mango, coconut and cilantro chutneys--and just about any dosa will be a good choice!  And make sure to get a lassi!
For a tastebud adventure that will leave you feeling very satisfied, get thee to the Philadelphia Chutney Company!What a deal! I had Samosa, the traditional old school dosa, sambar and curry chutney! It was a simple, tasty ,yummy meal for only 10$! What I ate was pretty authentic food. They do have fusion versions of dosa and I would to try some of those interesting combination  .Mind it , if you ask for spicy , they will make it SPICY!Personally, I'm an adventurous eater. However, I sometimes hang with those who are meat-and-potatoes types. So, Philadelphia Chutney Company is definitely for the meat-and-potatoes types to expand their pallet without fear of, well, I won't mention it here, but you know what I'm talking about. I've brought quite a few people here who have never eaten Indian food, are afraid of Indian food, and/or have had bad experiences eating Indian food. Any guess what, they all said "I love Indian food" at the end of the meal. Well, how could they not, considering that they're being served a freshly made on-the-spot giant, and I mean GIANT, crepe, filled with your choice of mmm-mmm good potato filling (the meat-and-potatoes people love that!), veggies, chicken, cheese, tofu, and/or a bunch of other stuff that you can mix and match with. And then to top it off you get to pick from around 6 or so different chutney dipping sauces (mango is my favorite). You can also ask them to make it non-spicy for those who either have ulcers, or get one when thinking about ethnic food. ;)
Now, for the adventurous eater, this will not blow you away. You're also not going to leave in an ambulance because you just had to try the sriracha sauce imported from the fabled island of Atlantis. However, you will definitely say, "I want to bring my friends here who are afraid of ethnic food". That's the kind of place this is. It's like a bridge between boring and interesting that will convince your friends to venture out more. And since I'm all about bridging gaps, this place deserves a 5-star rating.I have been a PCC customer for the last 3 years, but my most recent experiences have been dismal, to say the least.
Firstly, I find it very common that their sambhar (lentil soup) and coconut chutney are never consistent in taste.
Secondly, until last month, they were listed on restaurant.com , and I got super excited. I bought the coupon. Upon bringing it to the restaurant, the host immediately got rude to me, and kept saying how the owner of PCC had not set up anything in their system that could let him accept the restaurant.com coupon. 
And finally, the last straw - I went there today. Saw a bump in their dosa prices, was like "oh, that's fine, they have been here for so many years, they deserve to raise prices". I ordered my usual #3 Mysore Masala. After waiting for 20 minutes, I found that the host (same as above) had placed a wrong order for me. He decided to get it replaced, and i waited another 30 minutes. All the people ahead and after me had almost finished eating their food, and I was still waiting there. Eventually, I had to leave without any food (after already paying $9 for it). I let the host know that I am leaving, and he did not even try to stop me!!!! 
It's so sad how people don't even care about the time of their customers. 
PCC - I gave you too many chances to redeem yourselves, but you guys kept letting me down. You have permanently lost a loyal customer.For a Dosa place to be "stand out" in my book, they have to make much better dosas  than what I eat at home. Yeah, I am unfair! Dosa is my staple diet and I would have possibly consumed at least twenty to thirty thousand dosas in my life time. That makes me the expert on dosas, does it not?! 
Kidding apart, dosas do not need advertisement or a justification. But Philadelphia Chutney company tells us that people in the "third-world" need it to sustain themselves (third world, really? It is almost derogatory now although it was initially coined in a "non-alignment" context) because it is quite often the only source of nutrition (Carbs etc.,) for them. When you go in, you are greeted by a young man who looks fairly crest fallen and is almost cursing his luck to be serving you. He says "thanks" and knows his manners but no small talk, mind you. He means business and  believe me that attitude cannot be good for business. Maybe I caught him on an off-day. 
Coming to the dosas themselves, pretty below average. Tastes flat without the sour tingle that hallmarks a great dosa and distinguishes it from the also-rans. Sambhar is an apology. "Fresh" Chutney is served from a refrigerator. 
I went here on recommendation from a friend. I am going to have a little chat with him soon!The food is tasty, but probably not something I'll go out of the way to get again.  I had spicy Dal Tadka, which came with rice, some lettuce and carrots.  It was pretty good, and about the same price as vegetarian entrees at other Indian restaurants.  I also tried a plain dosa, which is like a giant crispy crepe that comes with a dipping sauce.  It was good, very light and tasty.  Unfortunately the medhu wada, fried lentil cakes, were flavorless and very oily.  The restaurant itself is a bit dark and cave-like, and eating outside on Samson is usually a loud and smelly experience, so I would recommend getting their food to go.This place is a hidden gem! Delicious food, doesn't taste authentic but definitely has its own flair and is darned good! I walked past it many a time before I ventured in and checked it out. All the dosa's are gluten-free!!!! yippee! they are also HUGE! the seasonal chutney's are typically delicious and creative, such a cilantro or garlic or pumpkin. The inside is garishly decorated but not really important because the food is great. The lassi is over priced and not very tasty which was a disappointment, but that is not a big deal compared to finding an actual good dosa spot! Either traditional flavored dosa's or delicious fusion flavors (such as arugula, balsamic onions or jack cheese etc), but all are reasonably priced and huuuge!Great local spot for Indian. The best fast casual Indian for the price in Philadelphia. The dosas, Kati rolls, and curries are all good.I loved Hampton Chutney Co in NYC and was so glad to see something similar in Philly. Cheap food, massive quantity, lots of flavor. I tried the dosas and fried lentil cake appetizer. I'm not sure I would recommend the lentil cake. It really didn't have any flavor, was served with a sauce that had slightly more flavor than the lentil cake, but still not much and the lentil cake itself had a weird texture that reminded my friend and me of eating fake chicken meat. Odd.
However, I don't know if I'm giving it a pretty positive review and rating because there really isn't any competition....Love this place. The only place where you get dosas in Philly. Only complaint is that the sambars don't come with the dosa as they normally do in a South Indian restaurant but have to be ordered separately.This place is cool. Not much to look at from the outside and nothing special inside but the food is great. Ordered the Chicken Dosas and at first, I thought WTF - I never say anything like it. But I quickly dug in and after my second visit (it was that good) I was a pro. Tasty especially with the Mango Chutney. And the dude behind the counter was very cool.Supremely disappointing.  I love southeast Indian food, and this dosa - even the traditional aspects - was unlike any other I have had.  Maybe the entirely westernized dosas are better.
First, the texture of the dosa itself was more like a dry crepe than the spongier consistency I expected.  
Second, the potato filling was not only dry, but also there were huge chunks of mealy potato.  Not appetizing.  The chunks of veggie chicken were good, but not really why I ordered a masala dosa.  
Third, the mango chutney tasted more like mango ice cream - it had a fake flavor and lacked the depth that real mango chutney has.  
I asked for my dosa to be spicy, and there were big chunks of spicy sauce glopped onto the dosa that were overpowering.  Judging from other reviews, the restaurant is inconsistent with what they mean by 'spicy.'  
The service was fast and friendly, and the staff was happy to offer suggestions, but it's not enough to make up for the terrible food.I am honestly salivating as I write this.  I can't wait to go back.  I tried two dosas on the menu, which are packed with flavor before you even add the chutney sauces they serve on the side.  Mango lassi was really good too.  The guy at the counter was super friendly.only place i know in the city where one can get a dosa...but the most delicious thing is actually an appetizer item called Gobi Manchurian (Indo-Chinese Cauliflower Snack)...it's breaded fried cauliflower with a delicious sweet and spicy sauce..this stuff is totally addicting.
The only thing to improve would be the usage of silverware & plates instead of plastic...it would just make the experience a bit better.Was I here on an off afternoon? I hope so.
#7: Avocado. Jack Cheese. Arugula. Fresh Tomato. And I added the Veggie Chicken.
The first ingredient was avocado--but it wasn't anywhere in the Dosa. The arugula was incredibly bitter--it overpowered the whole crepe. 
I'd been here once before, when it first opened, and I was so impressed. I want to be a fan of this place, but based on this visit? Not so much.
Love the concept. Was incredibly disappointed in the execution.It's not real authentic Indian food. The pav Bhaji seems like it was made from frozen vegetables and isn't authentic at all. The idli wasn't fresh and the sambar wasn't good at all. I'm definitely never going back there again.Friendly customer service and great authentic indian food with wonderful chai which is great after a nice meal. :)Worst indian food I've had in the US. The mysore masala dosa was very average. Idlis were like stones and vada was undercooked. The chutneys are bad. Sambar is decent. Didn't try the kati rolls but will not be coming back here. I don't understand why this place is popular.Interesting and tasty.  My first attempt in coming here proved to be fruitless, however when forced to go a second time I found the food to be:
Flavorful
Tasty
Abundant
Inexpensive
The woman working the register was helpful in assisting in my order and she was also quite pleasant - not the typical rude idiots you have to put up with in this city.  
The bathrooms were clean.So Bland. Where is the seasoning?
We got the Mysore Masala Dosa, the Medhu Vada, Gobi Manchurian and the Paneer Kati Rolls. Everything except the Vada were so under seasoned and Bland..I hate wasting food but I had no choice but to throw out 80% of the food we ordered. Waste of 30 Dollars :(Great Indian food in the heart of the city... Tried the traditional dishes not the fusion ones... All dishes ordered were good... Service was fast and friendly...My first dosa experience, I must admit I am a fan.
First off, these things are huge. I was thinking like the size of a typical burrito wrap, but it is really like 3 times that size, although it is incredibly light. I had one of the "modern" dosas, according to their menu. It was pretty good, but next time I will go with the traditional Masala dosa (which is seasoned potatoes). I tasted that and was immediately jealous that I didn't get it. 
Pretty good deal for the amount of food you get.The dosa is huge. I probably could eat the pancake all day. If you've never had it before, it reminds me of a really thin crispy crepe loosely wrapping a filling. I had the potato dosa and my god was it delicious. It comes with one chutney and a spicy lentil soup that you can dip it in. It was super shareable, or you can eat it on your own if you're hungry. 
The only thing that is disappointing about this place is the decor and ambiance. It's deathly quiet and sterile inside. Water jug was empty and tables were not clean. 
Will be back just for the dosa.This place. ......it's a secret phenomenally great experience.  I get the potato dosa with onions and peppers and curry. Spicy yet not overpowering. The service is always great. Best $11.00 lunch in townI was literally walking by with my girlfriend and saw this place and decided to step inside to see what kind of eats this place has to offer.  It caught my attention because it looked like a clean Indian fast food joint - don't see too many of those.  
My girlfriend has come here a few times before and says most of their food is bland.  This time we decided to try their special - the Paneer Bhurji.  And let me tell you the Paneer Bhurji will not disappoint with just the right amount of spicy wrapped in a kati roll.  It was very tasty and served piping hot. 
The service was quick and efficient with wait time less than 10 minutes.  The cashier was friendly recommending and describing different dishes.  I will go back here again to see if they can spice it up again.This place is among my top favorite places to eat on the planet.  It remains in my regular eating rotation, and I've been coming here since around the time it opened.  
Being a creature of habit, I just can't tear myself away from my usual order:  a masala dosa customized to my liking plus the sambar and chutneys.  
As a vegetarian with vegan tendencies, I am so very deeply in love with the richly flavorful veggie chicken.  So my customized order is: a masala dosa with TWO fillings (both masala and veggie chicken) plus balsamic roasted onions, roasted peppers, tomato, spinach.  
I like to call this the "#11" or "The Jen" (not on the menu, so expect different pricing).
I have travelled throughout southern India, as well as Indian communities on the east coast, enjoying the cuisine.  And hands down, the best dosas are served here.  They are described as having a "modern twist" (I.e with optional fillings such as grilled portobello mushrooms, jack cheese, American cheese, veggie chicken, etc) and yet the quality of the Indian flavors remain authentic and uncompromised.  And yes, spice level can be adjusted anywhere from "not spicy" to "Indian hot".
The people here are awesome, plus I really love how this company is mindful on serving organic when available.   I've had all the appetizers on the menu, too, as well as the mango lassi, and every item I've had has been consistently delicious.Philly Chutney Company is a solid meal place masquerading as a snack joint. The dosas are deceptively filling. The samosas are cunningly huge. 
The dosa wrapper here is thin, crisp and golden where it is left unfilled. Where it's filled, the dosa is strong enough to hold a load of ingredients without getting soggy. Try the old school masala dosa for traditional amalgamation of Indian vegetables (potatoes, peas etc...). Ask for it spicy and you'll receive a neat swatch of chili paste in your dosa. 
The tamarind dipping sauce for the samosas is slightly syrupy and damn delicious. The dipping sauces were all mediocre, save for the curry chutney, which adds an additional moist yellow curry - minus the coconut, plus the Indian flair - to any dosa. (No really, the pineapple curry tastes exactly like bad seaweed salad.)
And finally get the samosas...this is a must. It's like potato samosa vegetarian filling all yellow and warm wrapped in an entire dosa (folded several times) and deep fried. It's more like a combination of a fried dumpling and traditional samosa, but regardless...it's flipping amazing.Ok so I ended up here because I wanted falafel and was just too lazy to walk to mamas. Anyway because I was short on time I got the samosas.. and omg they were amazing, I'm a giant fan of samosas, and usually I can get them for like .85 .. These samosas were 2.50 for 2 and were enormous, (well compared to the ones I usually get) and delish.. I can't wait to go back here and try some of their other food.. I love a place where I can eat practically everything on the menu.. makes like great :D 
my one qualm is with that groty dipping sauce they serve the samosas with. However, I hate bbq sauce or anything that resembles it or it's equally as disgusting counterpart ketchup, so perhaps my judgement on that can't be taken as seriously. 
anyway try to SAMOSAS because they were niceeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeOne of the most wonderful Indian restaurants in Centre City Philadelphia area I have visited. Great blend and variety of different Indian food options available from Kerala Thali to Pav Bhaji. Food cooked well and to good standards. Owner Deepak also a wonderful host who has an ability to blend with all types of people from various different parts of India and world...!! All in all, value for money in all sense... Especially for foodies who want to stay connected with various different Indian cuisines at all times...!! Thanks, Sid.The Masala dosa is a safe bet, and some of the additions are good too. I would give the place 4 stars for the food but the service is terrible. The guy at the cash register is rude beyond measure and if you have the misfortune of going there close to the time it shuts down, be prepared to get pushed out of the restaurant unceremoniously.Amazing Food and Great Service!
This place is a totally unique experience.  Whether you're interested in authentic South Indian food or a traditional veggie wrap (i recommend #23 - paneer, brie and cucumber, yum!) there is something for everyone here!  So if you're an adventurous eater with a less adventurous dining companion - or having lunch/dinner with a big group, and worried about suiting everyone's tastes (and budget) - this restaurant is absolutely ideal.
p.s. Their mango lassi is the best I've ever had  ;o)Amazing South Indian food ‼ I enjoyed it, ate there for dinner and for lunch  Thank you‼Excellent food! I have had several dishes here including dosa, chicken and goat saag, lamb chops. All are delicious. Only place in Philadelphia that serves idli vada.
Great service!Recently they changed their prices and with it, seemed to decrease portion size. Still relatively good dosa (it is the only place in town that makes them) but I felt a little slighted last time I was there.It's just ok.  If you have a dosa craving it can do the trick, but this is no Saravana Bhavan!  Dosas are a little bland, sambar is super watery and bland (I'm a white girl and I make better sambar) but otherwise the dosas are large enough and they have a decent chutney selection.  Its impossible to find a great dosa in Philly, so I'm happy to have this place around if I have a craving that can't wait until the next time I'm in Manhattan.Quick service, interesting choices, and excellent dosa make this a great place for something different for lunch. I went old school this time with the masala dosa and was not disappointed. I will be back, next time with friends.The masala dosa was good. I ordered briyani for take out which was average. They could have added a bit more salt. It wasn't spicy as well. Medhu vada had lot of oil in it. Overall, nice place to try out.Very sour and Salty dosa without coconut chutney. They did not even have the courtesy to cancel the order or replace it. Very sour tamarind chutney- like the one bought from the store. 
No professionalism from the person on the counter. When we told him, we did not like the dosa, the only thing he said, "it's okay, don't eat it". Really?!?Love this place. The dosa here is amazinggg... Perfect for lunch and the guy at the register is really friendly. Will be back again.A small & neat, conveniently located, self-service place that prides itself in a modern healthy take on dosa (a southern Indian crispy rice, lentil crepe).
The disappointment was that while they hold promise, they got their prized attraction wrong.
Among other items, papri chat was pretty good and medu vada fresh and crispy.
The 'modern' dosa had an option to select a protien and then toppings. All versions had spinach. We chose onions, peppers, spinach and paneer as our protien. Paneer mash was alright, but all of the ingredients cooked separately and laid over the dosa didn't gel. Raw baby spinach inside of a crisp dosa was a complete failure. I removed the spinach and ate it by itself. In all the disappointment, I missed that the dosa by itself was very good and chutney very fresh and the sambhar was immaculate :).
Go for it. They like to cook and serve u well,  just need to figure out their core offering.This is the first restaurant ever felt that how great it would be if yelp have provided half star. Especially for south indians who knew the proper taste of masala dosas,sambar, chutney. They never like this restaurant. I dont understand in what sense they claim that to be a biryani. It should be called masala rice or tamarind rice. Never ever i would recomend this restaurantHUGE crispy dosas - a different way to enjoy Indian food! We were in the area and stopped by for a quick bite after visiting the Christmas village. I got a mayoor masala dosa (spicy potato) with chicken and curry chutney. Will need to come back to sample other items on the menu.As a South Asian, sometimes I just crave quick Indian food that will hit the spot. This place does not do that and my first couple tries at this place were disappointing. They have many culturally "mixed" foods on the menu that are both intriguing and confusing at the same time. For example, wraps with paneer and arugula or wraps with veggie chicken, salad, and a chutney on top?! 
I tried one of their wraps and their chilli paneer and both were like a tease for my palate. When I was craving that spicy Indian food full of flavor, what I got was food that looked great but was safely bland and mild. Definitely got the feeling they were catering to non-South Asians with their dishes. The only exception to this rule is their weekly "Chef's Special" which I am convinced is the one weekly dish they offer to the authentic Indian food cravers - last time I went they had this Paneer Bhurji wrap which was DELICIOUS. 
Overall, I do appreciate that this place has a variety of vegetarian options that are fun, different, and use meat substitutes in creative ways. Their food is good, fresh, and not greasy, so I would definitely come back here again, just not when I'm craving my Indian fix.This is one of the few good Indian eateries in Philadelphia ,especially for the items I am going to mention
 My favorites here are the Rotis ,Vegetable Kurma and the Veg Rolls. 
Rotis -THey are how Rotis are supposed to be traditionally-thin as opposed to the think Rotis you get elsewhere.
The Veg Kurma and Roti combination gels well.
They can make it mild,medium or spicy so that caters to different taste buds.
Rajiv who works there is always with a smile- fast, super friendly and brightens the day. He would even play your choice of the song if you ask for it. He knows what customer service is all about. 
The South Indian food is ok but not comparable to what you can get in NYC or NJ.
Hidden gem- Ask for Neembu Paani: It is sometimes not listed in the Menu but it is an authentic Indian drink and made really well.
Ramthis might be my own fault.... I got a dosa to-go, and I let it sit for maybe like 30 min before I ate it. By then, the dosa was no longer crispy, assuming it was when I first got it. It was still good, but probably would've been much better if i ate it right away! The filling: vegetarian chicken, arugula, peppers, onions. Pretty tasty, and thumbs up for the mango chutney. The order comes with soup, which I didn't like, but I would recommend the dosa. I'll have to update my review when I eat a dosa just made.i still don't know how to eat one of these fucking things, but it's certainly good. and it's really nice that they offer veggie chicken. i'm not a fan however of the preset filling choices. most of them have cheese + one other ingredient that i don't care for. so i often just pick a random number: "can i have a #7 with only avocado and none of the other ingredients? instead can i have roasted peppers, onions and spinach?" they probably hate me so i don't come here too often.Excellent dosa - by far the best I've had in the tri state area. Very friendly staff and great customer service. Also be sure to try the Kati roll! (Better than the ones in New York ;-)This place is the worst!!! for Indian food. It's disgusting old stale food and are you kidding me you serve "dosa" ?? The air condition is broken, there are flies all around, the food is spoilt ..DO NOT EAT the papdi chaat - I asked for medium spicy and I think it set my intestines on fire! And I have a fairly decent spice tolerance. The flavour wasn't that great either. 
I also tried the plain dosa - it was passable - but the chutney that came with it was godawful. Umm, Philadelphia "chutney" company? Never again.Holy moly dosa!! The dosas are huge and super yummy! I had the dosa stuffed with spinach, mushrooms, goat cheese, onions and paneer with coconut chutney. It was a great little surprise- I really enjoyed it. Can't wait to try other items on the menu.Awesome spot for vegetarians. Personable, accommodating staff. Fast service and one of the best dosas I've had in the U.S. Try it out!Oh found this place right next , i ordered for a classic masala dosa with cilantro, curry and coconut chutney . dosa was fresh and potato stuffing was spicy and enough.i like the flavours they added in the dosa masala ,i think is curry pata. 
my friend ordered chole poori and he said is good. but this place is very crowded in lunch time ,if u dont have enogh time ,make sure get food for to go.overall good experience and spacialy how just came from india and want to try something near by home taste .I'm giving this place another star because after a rather bad visit last week, the management immediately remedied the situation by offering me my correct meal for free. So overall I'd say the food is good here, however it's still seems understaffed  and a little slower than I'd hope for on my lunch break. I'd recommend stopping by only if you're not in a rush or during non-peak hoursPerhaps there is a lack of decent indian restaurants in the Philadelphia area so this review may be biased.  As fast food, this place is okay but food in general is below average.  It's likely the most bland Indian food I've had but to each their own.
BTW: 19 filtered out reviews = a lil shadyIt was my first time trying a dosa, and my friend said that it is as good as it gets. The serving size was huge, and I was very full by the end of the meal. Had the mango lassi and curry chutney with the Mysore Masala Dosa, which complimented the food very well.
The ambience is casual, with plastic seating and wooden tables, but it's great if you're grabbing a quick bite before heading into the city.The place is not that expensive but as far as the food goes, it has been disappointing each of the 4 times I've been here.Came w/ my Indian friend, and she liked it.. So.. I'm going to say this place is good! She introduced me to my first Indian meal back home in Houston many many many years ago, and I'm glad we got to do it again here in Philly (though I have since had many many many Indian meals)
There are a variety of dosas (traditional and Americana). Then, you get your choice of chutney w/ some seasonal varieties! I think I tried the strawberry one, which was too sweet and not flavorful / powerful enough for my dosas. I remember the mango one tasting really good.
The first time I went, I had the real chicken dosa, but I tasted a friend's and quickly realized that the mock chicken is so much more flavorful! So, I got that the second time and will continue to get it in the future! Yum!
This place is veg friendly! (Also, come w/ a pretty Indian girl on an Indian holiday, and you may just get a special sweet from their kitchen!) yay, perks!This place is amazing! I had the mysore masala dosa, Sambhar, and the samosas. Wow. I've never had such quick, incredible Indian food. The service was also fantastic and they have seriously super-sized portions. 
This restaurant alone is reason enough for me to come back to Philly.Absolutely love this place !! I was in philly for 4 days and visited this restaurant every single day . The menu has a lot of variety so there is a lot to choose from. I tried the masala dosa , biryani , chicken tikka , idli , Wada and paneer sagwala. Rajeev was very attentive. Everything thing was yum and authentic . Dosas are definitely a must try but everything on the menu is delicious and you won't be disappointed !!WOW this place is awesome. Considering a dosa costs $7 and is stuffed with vegetables, I can't think of the last time I ate this much food for so cheap.
Ingredients were fresh and tasty, and the sauces were delicious too. The mango chutney was a bit sweet and artificial tasting, but the cilantro sauce was great. I'm full and I still have leftovers for tomorrow. Also get the $1 lentil soup!
If I lived in Philly I'd be here all the time. Highly recommended.I've eaten here 3 times so far, tried something different each time but everything has been delicious so far. I was not familiar with dosas and was surprised by how large they are (as seen in the pictures others have posted)!
Prices seem reasonable especially considering the amount of food you get -  for me it's enough for 2 or 3 meals.
Friendly staff, convenient center city location with plenty of seating. I'll be back.So much bang for your buck! My hubby and I went here for lunch on a Wednesday and there wasn't a long line and plenty of seating. Ordering from the menu was a bit confusing, but the cashier was helpful and friendly. The portions were big so we ended up sharing the #6 (Grilled Portobello Mushroom, Spinach & Roasted Onions with Goat Cheese) with chicken, and an order of samosas. We asked for the cilantro chutney to go with our #6. The food was amaze-balls!!! I never had a dosa before, which is like a crepe but crunchier. The flavor of the #6 was beautifully complex but complimentary. The samosas (there was two of them) were huge, cooked right, and came with a side of mango chutney. There was a bit of delay in receiving our dosa, but not too long. In total, we spent $13 including a drink. This will definitely be our go-to spot for lunch.Now under new management and new chef the food taste has tremendous improved. I think they have the best Vegetable Briyani in town!!!!I am a vegan and this is my fav dish in philly: veggie chicken dosa with avocado tomato arugula and I substitute mushrooms instead of cheese. It's so delicious! And it actually makes me feel like I ate healthy. Also the service here is super kind!DELISH!  Had another pregnancy hunger crazed moment in route to my eyebrow stylist located on 17th between Sansom and Walnut.  I've probably passed this Philadelphia Chutney Company hundreds of time, but have never bothered to step in, probably because it replaced one of my favorite spots a few years back, Remedy Tea Bar.  
Anyways, as I was passing by PCC (in my hunger craze) a man who was dining outside along Sansom street had something that looked absolutely AMAZING.  After my brow appointment at Shanti Med Spa (see previous review) I made a u-turn and headed back to PCC.  i had no idea what to order, but told the waitress that I wanted something w/ chicken that was super spicy and flavorful.  Alas, she appeared with something that was delicious.  I will be going back, if only I can remember the name of the dish that I ordered!I will get to the food later. Here is my thing, If you are going to be a restaurant, please have decent knives, fork, spoon, cups, bla bla bla and so it goes on.  Also not sure why they have blue walls, it always bothered me, blue is suppose to reduce your appetite...
This was my 4th time going back, I guess its hard to get a Samosa elsewhere in Center City, and working a block from it makes it pretty convenient. I grew up with milk-tea, so when I ordered it here, I expected this rich, creamy tea with milk, that has been brewed at least for 15 min with spices [ I know how tea works ] and what I got was pretty watery tea with off flavors not to mention in a very unappetizing generic plastic cup. The cup really killed my soul.
Samosas are ok, I do love the fact they come in a big triangle filled with potatoes. Love the dough, but they need to work a bit on the filling. Got the Veggie Biriyani due to my one month of Vegetarianism and was pleasantly surprised. Great flavors although unnecessarily spicy, had a weird pickle like thing which totally took you away from the good flavors. I was digging the cilantro salsa from all that they had to offer.
I guess the only reason I would be going back is because there isn't a better and faster alternative in CC, and Samosas aren't half-bad for $2.50.I love the presentation of the dosa. It is huge but surprisingly light meal. The chutneys that come with the dosa are fragrant and pairs well with the crispy pancake. 
Their mango lassi has loads of mango and a hint of spice that teases the tongue into drinking another sip.Still very good and busy place for lunch. They also now have Indian dishes dishes/platter ie saag paneer (spinach and cheese in sauce with basmati rice), chicken korma platter, etc.. They give plentiful portions. I ordered a platter and brought home and ate the remaining food in two meals. Prices are reasonable. Very nice people who run it. My advice: go early to get table and food quicker! the Samosas are very good as well!I very much enjoy Philly Chutney Company.  The food is always flavorful and fresh.  You get a lot of food for your money.  I have enjoyed everything that I have tried.  I was wondering how the dosas were packaged when one gets one to go.  I saw someone leaving with a dosa filled baguette bag the last time that I was there.  Of course....  
The staff are very friendly.  I once was waiting for a friend who took about half an hour to find parking, and they were happy to have me sit at a table and read while I waited for her.  
I will keep coming back, and keep recommending it to friends.This is a place to go for those Indians living in Philly downtown area and those who do not have access to any other dosa joint nearby (does not mean that the dosas are the best; just that its the only option in the nearby area). We were here for 2 weeks and wanted to have some South Indian food and that's when we came across this restaurant in yelp. Its a few blocks from the Philly City Hall. 
We ordered medhu vada, masala dosa and a custom made chicken dosa (with spinach, arugula cheese, etc). They do charge 1$ extra for sambar. Chutneys offered are coconut, mango, curry and tomato. The guy was kind enough to give some extra curry & tomato chutneys. We only bought one sambar, but he gave 2 sambars. 
Let me come to the food. Masala dosa was good - 3.5/5. The Twist Chicken dosa was so-so - 3/5. I didnt like it that much. Sambar was also okay,,,Really enjoy their dosas and chai/coffee. Good service too although I don't like it when Indian people start talking to me in Hindi just assuming that I speak and will reply back to them. I think if I start speaking in English then their reply should be in English as well. Anyways good food though and quick service.