I used to call this place every a few times a month to get to work. I'm done. They are always late.  If their credit card systems don't work the drivers ask you 15 times if you have cash. If I had cash I would have taken a bus, because it would have been quicker and more pleasant.I am absolutely livid with the service I received from a cab driver who works for this company that I needed to write a review. I had a bus to catch to New York this morning and I call this cab company when others I call are unresponsive, telling them I need one sent to me ASAP. They told me that they'd have one sent to me within 15-20 min after I called them. It's ten minutes before my bus leaves and I still don't hear back from them. I called them again, informing them of this and that's when they manage to send me a cab to my door in minutes. The cab driver pulls up, my patience is close to none at that point. One of the bags with me was too heavy for me to carry and I was visibly dragging down the steps when he arrived. I curtly ask the man to please help me with my bags and he refused to help me because he didn't like the way I asked. I repeatedly ask him and tell him over and over its too heavy for me to carry and he kept refusing until I lost my patience and we end up arguing in front of my apartment for 15 or so minutes. He was literally yelling at me "I'm not your maid! I don't help you with your bags! I have The right to refuse service to you! You're treating me like a slave and I'm not your slave!" It escalated to the point where he was close to refusing service to me and was ready to call the cops on me because he was claiming that I was treating him like a slave.  Mind you, I'm already stressed out that I'm late, that cabs I have called before this guy have not been responsive, and then this guy comes and when requesting a simple and helpful gesture that would have made things move more smoothly, he decided project his victim complex at me. Had I not needed to be somewhere at that moment I would have let him go. I still paid for the ride, even though I felt he didn't deserve more than a dime from me for such pettiness that wasted so much of my time. Luckily I still made it to where I needed to be on time, but it definitely wasn't for the help of this cab company. I don't know the name of this man or his cab number so I can't complain directly, so sharing this review is my way of getting this out there and letting the whole ordeal go.
If that guy wants to make a living off of anyone he needs to cut the hurt ego bullshit and do his damn job. I hope he learns that soon.I'm really not that type of person who publicly gives someone or a company a piece of my mind, but over the past year or so, this company (dispatchers and drivers) could care less about some working customers getting to work ON TIME.  I pretty much take a cab every morning to work, so these cab companies have been making a pretty penny from me.  I make sure to call at least half an hour or more before I start work, and I am very punctual and loyal.  When I'm concerned, I call to find out where the driver is after at least 10 minutes or more of waiting (there is this unspoken rule to give driver at least 10 minutes).  Well, the same female dispatcher I can't seem to get around, is trained to be instant defensive and argumentative.  I think she forgets that I am a customer, who doesn't want to be late for work again, who wants to remain loyal, but doesn't want to deal with "He's on his way" after I ask where he/she may be, or "It's been 8 minutes, not 10", rather than checking up on the driver.  Always an attitude when I inquire about where and when.  Whomever says that the dispatchers are "patient" and "caring", may be either confused with someone else, or rarely cab it to work, so see a snapshot of the experience.  Rarely if ever are the 666 6666ers ever pleasant.  (I say rarely, implying that one dispatcher may be pleasant from time to time).  I won't get started on the drivers....I've had such a mix of personalities over the years, more mean than courteous.  Companies who rate customer service second or third class, shouldn't be dealing with people.  They should take these Yelp reviews seriously.  It's obvious I'm one of many who feels the same way.  If you check out the end where it says something about reviews that weren't considered, read them to see those "5 stars" were manufactured by employees or friends/family.  Pathetic and so obvious...I was charged twice for a $79 ride. When I called the dispatcher to fix the situation, he repeatedly told me he wasn't my driver and couldn't help me. When I went to the curb app inquiring about a double charge, it said to contact the taxi company. I called the dispatcher again and he literally hung up on me. I've never had such rude customer service in my entire life. Had to dispute the charge with my bank.Taxi is pac manning across multiple lanes northbound on 476 driving 15 under the speed limit blocking up traffic for miles. Never ever get in one of these cabs.Reserved a cab the night before we needed it. Asked for a van to accommodate a group of 6, which they said was no problem. Cab was 10 minutes late the next morning and was not a van--only had seats for 4. Will skip the hassle and just call an Uber next time.Supposedly has an online reservation system, but despite receiving a confirmation email, no cab will show and when you call they will say they never got the information. This has happened to me twice, and to two of my friends. Don't trust this company -- they will NOT show up.Excellent service. I use them often because I travel for work and take a cab home from the airport almost every weekend. Cleanest cars in Philadelphia, pleasant drivers, reliable dispatch.I had a great experience with them yesterday.  Shout-out to my driver.
* Driver: 00108776
* Cab #: P0954
I used them from Philly Airport to the Penrose Hotel as the latter's Long-term Parking Shuttle was not operational.  I left my blue backpack in the taxi accidentally and drove off without knowing it.
I called the operator who reached my driver.  Within 30 minutes, I received a call from my driver indicating that he had my bag and was ready to return it to me.  I was on my way back to the Airport.  He called me again 5 minutes later with directions to his lot on Island Avenue.
He stayed on the phone with me and handed my bag back to me at the curbside.  I was thrilled and wanted to recognize him and the operator for their patience with me as I was agitated over misplacing my bag.
Shout-out to Philadelphia Taxi for satisfying the customer and my needs!
-Rolland C.RUDE. He responded to me by saying he will call the cops on me!
There was an emergency and my mother was stranded in an area where the bus doesn't run on sundays. I called for a cab to her location. Then the person asked for my age. 
I responded, "why do you need to know..?"
He said I have to be over 21. 
I said I am over 21. 
Then in a rude manner asked for my birthday.
I asked why to which he responded "If you don't I will call the police. What is your birthday?"
I have never heard any respectable company repond in such a disrespectful manner.
So I gave him my full birthday then ask can i get a cab now? To which he said "I have your birthday and your phone number. I will be reporting you to the police." Then he hung up.
I have been using this cap company for years and several times I have been rudely told off. But this is it for me.
I will now use uber or lyft since they are practically the same pricings.It's little wonder you're losing out to rideshare apps like Uber and Lyft. 25 minute wait time for a ride that costs 3x as much. Your drivers can't be happy either; you dispatched two cabs to my location. I had to inform the second driver that I was already in a cab after he called asking where I was. Since my company pays for my trips to and from the airport, I tried throwing cabbies a bone, but the inconvenience just isn't worth it.I had a simple request - a Saturday 7 AM cab from Center CIty to North Philly.  I called the evening before to reserve my cab, and the dispatcher was congenial and easy to understand.  The cab came 5 minutes early the next day (and called me to let me know he was there), took me straight to my destination, and allowed me to pay by credit card.
There are some horror stories that have been posted here, but - from my perspective - 215-666-6666 did its job perfectly!PPA needs to investigate this company. Saturday late night drivers ask riders where they are going and if they are paying cash or credit.  They will then drive off if they are 1) not going to the burbs or 2) paying with credit card. 
This happened to me twice in one night. This is a disgrace to the city--the company should be shut down.This cab company told me they would call when the cab was outside. Instead, they called 15 minutes before they were scheduled to arrive. (I was at a wedding reception.) When I didn't pick up, they cancelled without notifying me. Only when I called back when they were meant to be here did they tell me no cab was coming, and I had to call someone else.  They knew that I was in an area without other can options.  I likely will now miss my flight. I strongly recommend you don't use this company.  I can't stress enough what a horrible company this is. I hope I can make them pay for my hotel and change fee if I miss my flight.I was walking to 30th street train station when a driver rolled into the intersection at me when I was crossing the street (he had a red light and I had a walk sign). When I passed his vehicle and he said f*** you. I turned around and took a pic of his car. He got out of his car and told me to f*** off.My mom just  tried to get a cab and the dispatcher was so very rude and even called her back to tell her she cancelled her ride because she complained. You would think the dispatcher would be better during a strike5/24/18-Cabbie picked us up from the Marriott Downtown to go to the museum.  He openly shared his displeasure that it was such a short fare.  He cursed at the doorman and started to curse under his breathe about how he waited for an hour and only has to drive to "the art".  I had to sit in the front and my two girlfriends sat in the back.  I didn't even get my seatbelt on and he drove away like a crazy person making ridiculous turns and sudden stops.  At one point I was thinking of telling him to stop the car and let us out but we had our bags in the back and I was afraid he would just leave with them inside.  At the red light, I tried to get the attention of a parked police office but he was on his phone.
He made some illegal right turns from the left lane just to cut off a bus.  As we were coming around Logan Square, he made a strange lane change and actually got hit by the car that was already in that lane and he didn't see. He stopped right in the middle of this busy roundabout to curse at the guy who hit him.  It was totally the cabbie's fault because he didn't look or signal and was driving erratically.  We took this opportunity to get out of the car and demanded he open the trunk to get our bags. We did not want to be in his car for one more second.  We would rather risk our lives in the middle of the street with oncoming traffic than be in his car.  We tried to pay him for the ride so far but he didn't take it.  We called the number on his cab but they were useless and didn't do anything because they said he is an independent driver. 
One day he is going to get someone seriously injured.  Bad temper, bad attitude, has no care for his passengers, drives recklessly and does not respect the rules of the road.  He should not be driving or he needs refresher courses.  I only gave one star because at least he refused the money that we offered to give him. 
Information I jotted down quickly as I was sitting in the front, scared out of my wits:  Falsal Benallal - LIC#116868,  License plate #TX-49045, 215-666-6666 #P-009,Hand down worst taxi company in Philly. Why would you EVER ride in a taxi when you can take an UBER?!?!? They refused me transportation because I have a service animal.8:36am called dispatch to schedule airport ride from South Philly for 9:45am. Dispatch was congenial and efficient. Starting at five stars. 
9:39am dispatch calls to inform me the cab is around the corner. Cab pulls up within 2min. Still five stars. 
Cabby informs me I will have to pay cash because their system has been down since yesterday.  I don't argue because I was planning on paying cash. See 52 Pa. Code ยง1021.11 (d).  Down to four stars (only because I was already planning on cash). 
Cabby took a less-than-ideal route to PHL. Not a huge deal but added a couple bucks to the fare. This isn't my first rodeo. 3.5 stars. 
Upon arrival, cabby quoted the fare before finishing the transaction on the meter (an inaccurate quote). Then quoted A DIFFERENT AMOUNT than the meter read ($3 higher than meter). While talking to another cabby on the CB, he accepted my fare which I based on the meter price and still added a tip...simply because he was punctual arriving and delivering on the ride. I'm not calling in a report because I forgot to get a printed receipt. THREE STARS. 
Shady driver cost them two stars. But dispatch was great and they were exceedingly punctual. Watch out taxi co's, Uber is coming for you.Less than 1 star?  For sure...
On April 30th, I took Philadelphia Taxi Cab (driver #105027) from the Philadelphia Marriott to the FMC Building.  I figured that I would have a hard time getting Uber for the 1.5 mile ride and there was a cab out front of the hotel - so I have it a try.  What a mistake!!!
I think that the driver was a bit frustrated that I was only going a short distance and not to the airport.  He didn't voice anything and was certainly not interested in any small talk whatsoever.  We stopped at EVERY traffic signal (not his fault), but the second the light turned green the driver mashed the accelerator as far as it would go until he had to apply the brakes at the next signal.  The trip cost me over 11.00.  I took Uber on the way back.  Much better ride and just about half the cost.1 star only because 0 stars wasn't an option. Have used cabs from airport for years. Love the vibe and the drivers. Sadly last night demonstrated why Uber and the like are better options. Driver had no gps so had no clue he was driving into a huge construction jam. He assured me he knew Philadelphia. Loved watching GPS change travel time from 11 to 24 minutes due to driver ignorance. NOT. Bottom line.....he had no clue. Switching to Uber.Their online reservation system does not function properly. I made a reservation and got an email that someone would call back to confirm. 24 hours later no one had called. I then called their dispatcher number and they claimed no reservation request had been received (despite the email their site automatically sends out). Online they indicate that a child seat is an option but in fact the dispatcher revealed this is not the case. Needless to say I'll be calling uber from now on. 
Always surprised when cab companies complain about uber when they themselves created the demand for a more reliable responsive service.I'll preface it with the following.
-the ride from Central Philly to Bridgesburg.  It was fine.
-the driver.  It was fine.  He was very nice and chatty.
-if you go on their website, there is a lost and found link where you can fill out a form.  Their response team - SO quick to answer you.  Impressive.
What WASN'T fine.
After I arrived at my destination, I realized minutes after the taxi drove off that my camera had dropped out of my pocket.  Yes, yes, that was my fault - but if you've never lost anything in your lifetime, I'd love to meet you.  (It didn't help that 11/1 Saturday was a day of Hail Mary downpours- Google it!, so I had all my rain crap on me!)
Luckily, I had the company's number because I had asked the driver for his business card.  I called the dispatcher right away and he REFUSED to dispatch the driver to come back to me with my camera!!!!  (To be fair, I didn't have the medallion number, but COME ON, how many 6666 drivers are in Bridesburg at 12:30p on a Saturday???  He told me to call the PPA instead - which I did - but their offices are closed on weekends!  NOT helpful!  
(Might I add, I called the dispatcher 3x times that morning.  I got the guy twice.  A girl once.  The girl was at least sympathetic.  The guy - he did give me the PPA number, but showed no compassion or concern and was even barking in the background when I was talking to the girl.)
And, as a result, I've had to:
-stalk the PPA for the last six days (nice and patient folks, by the way.  THEY get 5 stars!)
-file a police report (because the cops have nothing else better to than write down reports about lost property!!!)
ALL of which could have been alleviated with a mere dispatch to whichever cab had just dropped me off.  (BTW, it WAS possible as I asked the PPA about it!!!!  BUSTED!!!!!!!!!!!).  I even offered to pay the fare for the driver to come back to me!
(The camera I can replace, it's the SIM card with all the sentimental and irreplaceable photos that I'll never see again that upsets me.)
UNREAL.  And, as an out-of-towner, it left a really bad impression.  (Oh, and when karma pays you a visit later and YOU lose something just as important - it WILL happen at some point in your LIFETIME - that unsympathetic sound of laughter will be me.) 
Thanking karma in advance.Dispatch had good customer service. Cab drives are rude and do not care about their customers. 
They will call and tell you that they will not be picking you up because they have a flat but will not have information on if another driver is on their way to you. 
Then when the second driver gets there and offers to help me but when he dose he shoves and slams the stroller into the trunk. Then when he gets into the cab he takes a personal call. Stop paying attention to his customer to the point I was still standing at the car buckling my son into the car and he began to take off and it took 4 times to get his attention before he stopped which resulted the door hitting my hip.
Then as I actually started to get in the cab he started up again before I could get my foot in dragging my foot at that point I yelled at him "I am not in the car yet." He stopped huffed at me continued with his conversation. I slammed the door and said "you can go now." 
The car was also very hot. When I rolled the window down he told me "No no I turn air back on. I turned off cuz I was cold but if customer want i turn back on." So I rolled the window back up but the ride was still a hot one. 
His liscence and identification was no where visually posted.I'd give less if I could.     You will be getting a call in the morning.  Since your operator doesn't want to deal with calls about  their drivers.Disgusting. Slow... crappy suberb service. They give you crap if you want to pay by credit card. download uber instead. Uber x is friendlier and faster and cashless.I agree with the many negative comments and I would not recommend- very rude driver with a foul  mouth.We flagged down Philadelphia Taxi Cab P443 at the City Tavern where several of us had gone for dinner.
We knew the fair would be between 7 and 10 bucks.
Our driver, who did NOT have a license displayed and suddenly forgot all English when I asked his name, decided to take us down the waterfront, the freeway, Yeah. The long route. When one of the the other passengers asked "which way are we going" I answered "The long way".
I think our driver may have gotten a bit nervous at this, because he then began driving even more erratic than usual, running two red lights and not even slowing for the yellows. 
I knew he was scamming, he knew he was made. The minute he pulled up, he suddenly began saying "just give me 10 or 11"
Unfortunately, my co-passenger in the front seat is quite hard of hearing, and paid what was on the meter. 
I called the Company office once I got up into my room. 
This was about 15 minutes after we got out of the cab.
FIRST thing the little snot who answered the phone said in response to my calling was "You should have called right away"
Yeah sorry sweety... I shouldn't have HAD to in the first place.
Are you a tourist in the "City of Brotherly Love"? Stay away from this company. 
This guy had no clue that we had already been to that general are several times and knew he was screwing us over.
Oh...and according to the terrible customer service woman who answered the phone, our fair should have been app. $8.63.
Our meter read 15.87.
Super driver said "just give me 10 or eleven.
Guess he figured he deserved a tip anyhow.
If I could give negative stars......This is the only taxi cab service I know of where drivers actively tell people of color they can't drive them to where they have to go. It was below 20 degrees Fahrenheit and a driver told me he can't drive me even though he was just parked outside of Greyhound waiting for fares. Previously, when I worked at the Hilton hotel I had a similar experiences obtaining guests of color cabs from this company. One of the drivers actually told me "I don't drive females or blacks people, only white men to the airport," which was ironic because the driver was black. I had to report that particular driver and bar him from our Taxi stand because he literally tried to fight another driver to drive an older white gentleman after refusing a group of black females. I thought that was an isolated incident. However, after being denied a cab in freezing weather, I see that this company has deep prejudices and the rudest staff you'll ever met in your life. Save you money and save yourself a headache, just use Uber or Lyft because you won't have to worry about being left in the cold or denied a ride. Just let this dying business die completely.I will say some cabdrivers are quiet and seem not so nice, but I'm sure they're just quiet :) and most likely a nice person. However it's one thing to be quiet and another to be straight up RUDE. The cab driver I just rode with was 100% rude. As soon as I got in the car it seemed like I was inconveniencing him by asking him to take me somewhere... then I asked if he would take a different street, his reply "please just let me drive". When I went to pay (and I still left a 20% tip for him) I asked for a receipt which completely irritated him. He told me that maybe I've never taken a cab before and that I DIDN'T need to ask for a receipt!! His cab #42952, 12/14 @ 2:15pm.Asked for a cab at 616 was told 10-40 minutes, I called them at 716 to ask where the cab was and was told they had called me but I did not answer so the cab driver left. I did not get any missed calls I had my phone with me at all times with the volume all the way up, let's say they called I didn't answer how about a honk?? Their solution? We'll get someone out there soon, how long? They were not sure. Useless.The cab driver for car number P0355 charged my credit card twice with different amounts and complained that I wasn't paying with cash. Will filed a complaint with the PPA but not sure if they have the personal smarter enough to resolve, as they never returned my calls. Will persuade all legal avenues as this is not the first time charging my account - DON'T USE THIS CAB COMPANYThey suck. My daughter got out of the cab and realised her phone fell out of her pocket. She borrowed a phone right away. The woman who answered said she would send him back. When he never showed she called back and the response was "oh we can't seem to get ahold of him". I guess there is no honesty among thieves.If I could give below one star I would, based on what I just experienced.  I really have no words,but for the sake of a review, here goes... 
I call this cab company on a Friday night from the train station. The train station is right by a very busy bar, where cab drivers pick people up. I call for a cab, and the cab driver insists I owe her $5 for a no show.  Huh? 
I was very confused, as I just called that second. She refused to listen, cut me off, and told me I called a cab back in April, was  a no show, so I have to pay them $5 before they even send out a car to pick me up! 
What??? Never heard of such a policy.  Funny thing is I just used this exact cab company a few days before, and paid the guy in cash, with a nice tip as  well. 
Mind you, this cab company has always been hit or miss, but this experience takes the cake! 
Yes, download Uber X. Cheaper, nicer people, and no hassle or insane people.  WowIf I could give negative stars, I would. My friends were in from Ireland and we got a cab after the Eagles game to a hotel in center City. I took a different cab and my friend's driver made her pre pay $40 or he was kicking them out of the cab (mom and two children). Our fare was $14.80. He completely cheated my friends and gave cabs a bad name. Horrible service by a cheat driver. DO NOT use this company under any circumstance. Cab number P-1583I agree with the negative reviews. Today I had a very bad experience with this driver# 00115375 and the cab# P1206
He was very rude, and he threatened  me that I should pay him in cash the amount that he was asking for or he would take me back to the place he took me from. When I wanted to pay by credit card, he manipulated the machine so I had to pay him above $100. I was scared of him since he was very rude. A couple of times I thought to myself maybe I should call 911. 
I will never use philadelphia taxicab again.I called them for information for service from PHD to state college . the man hung up on me saying he cannot help me because he doesn't know the address I am giving him .I concur with other reviewers who mentioned the rudeness of drivers. First, he didn't know the location of the major art museum where I was headed. He made no attempt to take me to the front of the museum. He yelled at me for using a credit card, yelling "pay cash. Pay cash." I was locked inside and there was no button for me to unlock. I wasn't even completely out of the cab when he started to drive off, the door wasn't even shut. AVOID THIS COMPANY!!!Terrible Customer service! I lost my glasses and called them with the driver id and taxi number. They hung up on me every time
I called them! Stay away from this ahady rude companySlow to respond, impatient when listening, and rude. They called me like 3 times saying the cab was outside when they werent. 40 mintues later, and still no cab. Was extremely rude when I called back to say that I got another cab. "Thanks for wasting his time", she said before hanging up.My car was almost hit by a rogue Philadelphia Taxi Cab while attempting turn onto 30th street from JFK Blvd. Cab P-428 attempted to cut me off but did not have enough space and was willing to hit my car to bypass traffic. I had to swerve my car to avoid the accident. I ended up meeting the cab at the light and he proceeded to put his middle finger up at me. Disrespectful. I called the cab company to be told no supervisors are available until January 3rd. You company needs better drivers and better customer service.I have used Philadelphia Taxi Cab before and had fine experiences. However, I used Philadelphia Taxi Cab the other other day and had a terrible experience. 
I was staying at the Rittenhouse Hotel and this cab was waiting right outside. My experience started off pretty bad after I told the driver at least 5 times that I needed to get to the Society Hill Sheraton, which I had to get to for a wedding brunch. However, 2 minutes after leaving the hotel the driver asks, "What is your destination?" I find it ridiculous that he didn't listen to me at all at first. 
Even worse, the driver had absolutely no idea how to get to the Society Hill Sheraton. A driver should really know how to get to a hotel that is located right off Locust Street and is located in a very popular area of Philadelphia. I ended up having to get directions on my phone for the driver. 
I was even more infuriated about how slow the driver drove. He was probably driving 20 MPH the entire time and ended up being afraid to go above or around 10 MPH when he drove over a cobblestone street in Old City. 
Altogether, my experience with Philadelphia Taxi Cab was very disappointing.zero stars. 
completely and utterly dismissive and rude phone dispatch operator. I had ordered a cab to the airport, dispatcher man called to tell me it was outside so I waited at the curb with my suitcase in hand. No taxi. Waited ten minutes, then another five. I saw a cab approaching and thought it was mine so I flagged it and hopped in. The driver was unfamiliar with my pick-up so I called the original dispatcher man again to let him know I snagged another cab because mine hadnt shown up and I had a flight to catch. I figured it was the right thing to do, to call and apologize for wasting anybodys' time and thank him for the send out anyway. I felt bad for the mixup and thought I should at least call and apologize and cancel the cab (IF it was even still going to show up at all). 
The dispatcher guy incessantly cut me off, had zero interest in any sort of apology or explanation from me at all, called me rude and impatient and the "type of customer we hate" and interupted me no matter how much I tried to apologize. 
I genuinely hate to admit it but this guy had a couple tears rolling down my cheek, I felt like a damn criminal! Just for trying to call and do the right thing! I really was sorry to have bailed on my cab but was it SUCH a HUGE blow to him that he had to berate me over the phone? 
I was blown away. He scoffed and scolded me and curtly stated I am now on their "Do Not Service List." When I asked why, he hung up on me. No joke. 
So, halfway to the airport by now, sitting in the back of the cab I'd hailed on my own, the driver asked me if I was okay because I clearly looked broken down at this point. Before I could answer him, my phone started ringing. 
It was the original cabbie that was supposed to pick me up. "I'm at your house for pickup" he said. Mind you, had I waited for him when the dispatcher told me to, I'd have been outside at the curb randomly waiting for over half an hour. 
I apologized to him, still choked up, voice all wobbly sounding, "I'm very very sorry sir, I called your dispatcher to cancel the cab, he should have called you, I'm so so sorry for wasting your time."
HE THEN SCOLDED ME TOO AND TOLD ME THERE WAS A $10 CANCELLATION PENALTY FEE. 
absolutely ridiculous. 
dont call these people. 
I used to joke and call them "Hell Cab" because of their phone number ( all the 6's) 
and turns out its rather accurate.Too bad we can give them a ZERO, these people are a bunch of crooks... I took a 2 mile cab ride from the hotel to the bus terminal and the guy literally dropped us off in the middle of the road and took off while we were still gathering our bags.  I first I thought this guy just wanted to get his cab out of the way since WE WERE IN THE MIDDLE OF THE STREET. Then... I check my bank statement and see that I was overcharge $80.00, almost $90.00 for a 2 mile cab ride.  
I dispute the charges and initially reversed, these pricks had the audacity to continue to fight the charges until they received the $80.00 back. Now, I dont know who is worse; my bank or these clowns for allowing them to still my money. 
DO NOT call this cab service unless you want to be ripped off.My driver ARTHUR was beyond rude, he was VERBALLY ABUSIVE FOR NO REASON. I usually take Lyft or Uber but the hotel suggested I take a taxi since he was already outside. HUGE MISTAKE. It was early in the morning, dark out, and I couldn't see anything in the backseat of the car. ARTHUR refused to turn the light on so I could swipe my credit card. Then he started screaming repeatedly, "WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!?! YOU'RE WASTING MY TIME!!! GET OUT OF THE CAR! I DON'T WANT YOUR MONEY!" ....It hadn't even been 10 seconds of struggling to swipe my card in the dark but he continued berating me as if I were a life long enemy, until finally I got out of the car without paying and he sped off. ALL THAT BECAUSE HE WANTED A CASH PAYMENT INSTEAD OF CREDIT CARD. How would he feel if someone treated his daughter like that? The woman at the dispatch center didn't seem to care when I called to report it. She didn't take down my information. She did assure me he would be suspended, and then she just hung up on me. I was really enjoying my time in Philly until this happened. THIS IS WHY YOU WILL GO OUT OF BUSINESS TO LYFT & UBER. I couldn't care less that you have an app now too. Be a decent human being.I had called for a cab and waited for nearly an hour.   when I called back I was informed that they had picked up the wrong person.   when I showed my obvious disgust with the dispatcher over what happened, she said now you are not getting a cab and hung up on me.    I called back and asked to talk with a supevisor about what happened, but she refused to put one on.   She said I had no right to call and demand such a thing.   I told her this comapny should not be in buisness, it was the worst customer service I'd ever recievedTHE WORST CAB COMPANY I EVER EXPERIENCED IN MY LIFE! I called a taxi to pick me up from the airport because my plane broke down! I told them I had 6 people. The guy came and told us they are charging 60 dollars per person when it was only suppose to be 30.00 then here comes the bad part my african American friend of couse black was with us and the guy claimed we was taking him to pay half! And then the lady from the company called as I was in the cab working out a price saying that I need to get out of his company and that I am a lier when I tried to explain she called me a "B*****" and wanted to call the police after I got out she called again and told me I damaged her company's car!!! It was very unprofessional rude. They should not have a companyThe customer service is fantastic! 
The drivers know the city and are true professionals and I love the lady (Sharon) who answers the phone in the morning. Full disclosure-I've left my home twice since March 19th. Both times for medical appointments. One day I took four taxis and on another day I took two. All six times I called 215-666-6666 and a nice lady (Sharon) answered my calls. By the sound of her voice it's the same nice lady and she always treats me with kindness and dignity. She's very re-assuring and I've to admit that this pandemic has turned me into a nervous person who is easily rattled by what I've seen on the two occasions I've left home. The only place outside my home I felt safe was in this taxi services' cabs which are clean, sanitized and all of the drivers wear masks.
I know I just told you that the taxis are clean but they really are and they send a text message when they arrive and everyone is kind and patient. 
What more could you want?The cab was ordered in advance, the day before.  My wife needed to get to Jefferson hospital for a procedure by 6am.  I spoke to a very nice lady who said a cab would be there by 5am.  At 5:05 I called to check and was told that their computers were down, there were no drivers and they couldn't guarantee service at that hour.  Why advertise 24 hour service if you can't do it? BTW, they hung up on me.  Beware!Call Philadelphia taxi cab at 5:19 in the morning so it would be 10 to 15 minutes never showed up called again at 6:14 a.m. and never showed up again are the worst taxi cab in the cityI took the Taxi cab belong to Philadelphia Taxi Cab company from Philadelphia International Airport on Saturday 09/04/2021 at 12:30. The Taxi driver was an old man originally from the country of Bangladesh with a very old Toyota car seats were torn ,  he told me that the fair from the airport to my hotel in Lawrenceville NJ will be $160.00 I said fine . When I arrived to my destination I wanted to pay him by a credit card he said the credit machine is broken does not work, please pay in cash, so I paid him $160.00  plus $10.00 tip cash , I asked him for the receipt he just wrote the amount of $160 in the back of his business card and gave it to me. I submitted that receipt to my company to reimburse my money, my company does not accept the receipt and ask for proper receipt , when I contacted the Cab company for proper receipt they refused to give me proper receipt, so therefore  lost $170.00  in my official business . I am not happy with this Cab company.BEWARE of being double charged and using METER instead of FLAT rate from the airport to the city. 
On our way back from the airport into the city (Fairmount) we noticed the driver taking I95 instead of I76 which is a shorter route. We didn't say anything until we were almost home because we knew this should be a flat fee as we have done this many times over the years.  See policy link:
http://www.phl.org/Pages/Passengerinfo/TransportationServices/taxi.aspx
When we questioned our driver he told us this was the case only to Spring Garden and refused to drive any further unless we paid him. I attempted to use my credit card which he said did not go through and demanded cash if we wanted the flat rate which I gave him. Later that night I found that the credit card payment had gone through and essentially he got paid twice. Will never use this cab company again, and suggest you avoid at all costs!DONT WASTE YOUR TIME THIS COMPANY SUCKS AND THE PERSON WHO RUNS THE PHONE IS VERY DISRESPECTFUL AND HAS A NASTY ATTITUDE AND ON TOP OF THAT THE CAB DRIVER NEVER SHOWED!!!! This company definitely deserves less than 1 star but this will have to do sinces 0 stars wasn't an option. I waited over an hour and a half for a cab and when I called to checked to see what was going on the lady who was running the phones was very rude and short and she never answered my question she just hung up on me. And when I tried to call back nobody answered so I had to walk 7 blocks with a bunch of heavy groceries and two small children. NEVER AGAIN WORST CUSTOMER SERVICES EVER!!!I wish I could give this company less than 1 star or even 0 stars. I have taken them 3 times, from the Philadelphia Marriott/Loews. While I realize I am not going a far distance as I get off on the train and go further into Old City, the rudeness that I encounter is beyond belief. I am a paying customer just like anyone else or any "lawyer" that is taking a ride to the airport. Yes when my driver dropped me off, he asked me if I was a guest at the hotel or if I was a person from the street. He said that if I am from the street then I need to get a cab from the street because he has a customer who was a high-paying "lawyer" that he has been waiting on for two hours. If I remember correctly, aren't cab stands first come first serve? Why are you waiting around in a cab stand then? This company should not discriminate on the distance traveled and further should not complain about it if they actually take the ride. If you don't want to service a short distance, then ask your customer where they are going upfront. Philadelphia Taxi Cab, after reading everyone else's reviews below, it sounds like you need to train your drivers to be more courteous to ALL paying customers.Called for a ride -- and was told that cabs were coming soon before the person abruptly hung up.  Didn't ask my name, where I was going, etc. Nothing.
There was a cab sitting here (same company) and I approached to ask if he was available.  He said he could take me to my location (10 min away) for $45 cash.  Had a bad attitude though so I declined.  
I'll stick to Uber.I just called them because I left a pair of prescription glasses in one of their cabs five minutes before. Instead of helping i got a lecture on being passive aggressive and was told they were under no obligation to help me.Worst taxi ever.  I took a cab from the airport to a red roof inn.  The taxi cab driver sent me to the wrong one even though I gave him the address.  I am now suing them for the $30.
BRIAN Chamberlain 
902 Sierra vista drive 
C 47
Las Vegas NV 89169