Museum itself was great.  Many great works housed in a huge, beautiful building.  What I didn't appreciate were the thugs that are permitted to hang around in front of the museum by the statue of Rocky.  They were aggressive and very threatening.  Not sure why the museum allows this to happen on their grounds.  Lawsuit waiting to happen.I judge new museums against every other museum I've been to, and the Philadelphia Museum of Art one definitely holds its own. I made a day of it by walking the Schuylkill River Trail to the museum, viewing the collections, and eating a picnic lunch on the lawns outside afterwards. It was definitely not a bad way to spend a day.
The museum spans three floors with collections including American art, Asian art, European art, Modern and Contemporary art, Costumes and Textiles, Arms and Armor, Photography, and Special Exhibitions. The museum is obviously architecturally gorgeous, and from the top of the steps it offers beautiful views of the Philadelphia skyline.
The standouts for me were the first floor's European Art 1850-1900 and Modern and Contemporary Art sections. They contained some little-known pieces by artists like Picasso and Monet as well as a very large collection by Marcel Duchamp, which you just don't see everywhere (or, in my case, anywhere outside of art history books). The second floor's Asian Art wing was also really impressive, with fully rebuilt large-scale rooms displaying a Japanese teahouse, an Indian temple hall, and a Chinese reception hall and scholar's study. These rooms were all completely authentic and unique to any art museum I have ever been to, which give it a more field museum vibe and created a sort of living art experience. I also loved the collection of blue-and-white Dutch tiles and Delft-made ceramics, which I have never seen outside of the Netherlands. 
On a ratings note, as a Missouri native I am spoiled by the beautiful and free St. Louis and Kansas City art museums. If the Philadelphia Museum of Art was a free museum instead of a $16-per-person museum (not that it's not worth it!) I would be adding on that last star.This is one of my favorite places to be by myself. I don't play well with others in museums. I enjoy the large open spaces that you can wander through in the museum as well as the connecting grounds that lead to The Waterworks. I've seen a great many exhibits here, having grown up in the area. I am always impressed by the special exhibits that they bring in from all over the world. Some of the highlights certainly include the Japanese tea house and temple as well as some of the iconic Christian art. Of course, no one should miss out on the weaponry exhibit. I really like the new Pearlman Center which recently opened across the street and showcases more modern pieces. Their Japanese Kimono exhibit this past summer was stunning. The whole building receives a generous amount of natural sunlight which is a plus during the gloomy Northeastern winter. I think the docents here do a wonderful job and I always come away from a tour thoroughly informed. The less time consuming audio headsets are equally informative if you rather go it alone. I'm kind of annoyed that they put up a "Rocky" statue, but at least it's tucked out of the way. I would skip dining in the museum as a meal here can be pretty pricey. Head to one of the restaurants up the road in Fairmount.I had a week night free and Philly and this was my entertainment of choice. I lucked out and it was Wednesday so closing time is 8 pm instead of the normal 5 pm. 
The collection of American artists is really superb. Most people can recognize many of the main artists. 
.... And there's also the steps that rocky runs  up in the names sake training montages. There's a bronze Rocky too.Awesome museum centrally located in the heart of Philadelphia. I knew I had to come when my trip coincided with the "Paint The Revolution" exhibit. The first thing that caught my eye besides the herd of tourists running up the "Rocky" steps (insert Rocky II motivational music) was the architecture of the building. Stunning. I mean, the Met it ain't but it's beautiful, nonetheless. The highlight of the trip was seeing the paintings of Frida Kahlo and Diego Rivera. My only complaints: The  multitude of art 'experts,' who were clearly lacking in spatial awareness. I didn't appreciate being pressed against some fat guys tits whilst trying to appreciate "The Death of Zapata." It was almost the death of me. The other complaint, was paying $9 for the Barefoot wine that I usually get on special: 2 for $3, at my local Rite Aid. However, I do recognize that overcharging patrons is the norm when visiting places such as these, and of course I support art (Especially, when I can get loaded in the process). Totally worth the $20 entrance fee and nearly being smothered.This museum is HELLA (so Cali of me) big!
We got free tix from my sister's friend and glad we had the chance to visit. 
Just from the outside, we took photos imitating Rocky (the move) running from the museum steps. LOL
Cezanne and Beyond exhibition was going on but we need a special ticket for that so we skipped it.
Lots of paintings, artifacts-you know normal museum stuff...but we really enjoyed the Japanese Ceremonial Teahouses/Sunkaraku. Loved the architecture and design. So intricate-I just want to take one home.
When you have @ least have a half a day in Philly-this is a must stop and take in all the history and masterpieces.Audubon to Warhol great American still life  Easy to hear  , see very informative come out with a better understanding of still life  Came on Sunday was not as busy as we expected .  A little pricey as we are not members anymore  20$ general admission. 5 $ extra for special exhibit  . Try to come on First Sunday of each month it's pay what you wish  brochure says every wed after five better   But double check because this is Philly  land of the Eagles !! great museum I just feel 25 $  is a little to much for many family's   You can run up the steps in front for free as of today (go Rocky )Amazing special exhibit of impressionist painters! Beautiful work all in one place!
 we went to the basement café for lunch and had Mexican bowls- MUCH better than our last trip when we had greasy  cheese steaks and burgers in the other café.Has to be one of the top five Fine Arts museums in the country! If you are visiting Philadelphia and you like art, this is a must visit. If you live in Philadelphia, then I hope you appreciate what you have. The highlights for me where the Japanese tea house, Japanese temple, Chinese temple ceiling and the Hindu temple. My only complaint is that they don't sell postcards of any of the works of art!?!? At least they weren't when I was there today. When I visit an art museum for the first time, I always get post cards of my favourite pieces that I saw. There were at least half a dozen post cards I was looking forward to getting here... bummer.Fantastic museum with something for everyone. I love the events the museum holds, and particularly the "pay as you wish" admission prices on the 1st Sundays of every month (although it will be crowded, very long lines). 
I saw the International Pop Art Exhibit on a 1st Sunday, and it was absolutely fantastic. Not only was the collection incredibly well-curated and meaningful, but the exhibit had plenty of descriptive plaques, and I left feeling that I learned a lot about the art and history of the era/countries featured.I like art.  I don't know if art likes me but I think it does because it doesn't run away when I get real close to it.  It also doesn't run away when I touch it.  Shhh!  Don't tell anyone I do that!  It's a secret thing that art and I have together.  I mean, can you blame me?  How can you walk by something so beautiful and not want to just molest the crap out of it?  Art is so nice here.  
There's art here that I haven't seen before in other museums.  Yes, yes, all the NYC museums are nice and have these expensively expansive collections, but you're not in New York when you're in Philadelphia.  You're in Philadelphia when you're in Philadelphia, and this museum really sates the appetite.  
I think it's a little pricey however.  I think I paid something like $15 or $20.  That's probably standard but I'm just used to going to museums for free because of my employer's corporate membership.  Too bad they don't have a membership here.  Bastards.
There's this Japanese tea room exhibit that's really nice.  It's really big and you can walk around in a small reconstructed area of Japan that allows you to feel like you are actually in Japan.  I say this as a non-Japanese person so I could be way off on this.  But as an ignorant American, it feels pretty authentic!  Us ign'nt Americans are easy to trick.
I like art.  It lets me molest it.Architecture, architecture, architecture. Yes, the Philadelphia Museum of Art has some amazing pieces in their collection. Yes, the visiting exhibits offer a rare opportunity to see some amazing works you would normally have to travel far to see. Yes, the view of the city from the museum steps is fantastic. And yes, there is a rocky statue out front where you can pose like a tourist. But why do I go to the Philadelphia Museum of Art? The architecture. 
Next time you visit the Museum, walk into each room and then ignore the art in frames. Just look up!Excellent museum!
We spent about 4 hours in this museum and definitely didn't see everything - that's how impressive it is!
With three levels of art - from paintings and sculpture, to amazing pieces of furniture and pottery, textiles and more - one visit here is like traveling in a time machine all across the world. The diversity of exhibits really was breathtaking, and truly exhibits a wide range of art - no matter your preferences.Wow.  $20 for a 2 day pass is such a great idea/bargain.  There is no way you can see it all in one day!  Admission gets you in to the Rodin museum as well.  Very cool , Philadelphia!
I went to see the Paint the Revolution exhibit of Mexican modern artists.  I happened to be in town to be able to see it and I was so excited.  Frida, Diego and Siquieros...pretty dope.
The museum was busy but not super packed on a Saturday afternoon.  We were able to freely stroll thru the exhibit, little cafe and gift shop with no problems.The Museum is nice; however, I feel it is a bit pricey with $20 admission fee. The staff at the counter on Tuesday morning was extremely rude, arrogant and behaved extremely entitled. It's a shame for the museum, but because the staff was so rude, I would not go there again.Lovely collection of art from many important movements in history. My favorite is their collection of modern art. One should also walk the steps in front of the museum to trace the steps of Sylvester Stallone in the movie, "Rocky."  The gardens and river walk behind the museum are great in the spring.The Philadelphia Museum of Art is truly a phenomenal place.  It's a gorgeous building that looks like it belongs in Europe and the view of the city from the steps is breathtaking.  It's a must see for all residents and visitors.
It has been ages since I've been through the permanent exhibits, so I can't really speak to those.  I only go to see special exhibits, with the most recent visit to see Frida Kahlo, and Dali prior to that.  Both of these exhibits were wonderful, if you haven't been to see Frida yet, go! 
My biggest gripe is the crowds.  Ugh.  The museum needs to do a better job managing them.  They make you shuffle through a loooong line that weaves all over the place before you enter the exhibit.  And then once you're in the exhibit, you need a suit of armor to push and shove your way up to the work.  NOTE TO SELF:  DO NOT GO TO SPECIAL EXHIBITS ON WEEKENDS.  Damn, I really need to remember that next time.  
Also, if you don't typically wear deodorant, please do so.  It was warm in there and people were stinkin' up the place.  Be considerate of others.For some reason as New Englanders we were unaware of the breadth and quality of the collection at the Philadelphia Museum of Art. (Did this have anything to do with connecting it with the "Rocky" steps rather than the quality of the collection?) There is a fabulous range of art from every period, including a dazzling number of French Impressionist paintings. The second floor recreates rooms from English manor houses, a Japanese courtyard and tea house, Medieval arches and courtyards -- all collected in the 19th Century and brought to Philadelphia when wealthy Americans could buy such things and arrange for them to be shipped across the Atlantic and reinstalled in a museum. (Another example would be the Metropolitan Museum's Cloisters in New York.) We spent a full afternoon at the museum and it wasn't enough time to see the range of art. Fortunately, our ticket was good for two consecutive days so we made room in our schedule to come back the following day to spend more time at this wonderful museum.I live in the Chicago area and love the Art Institute of Chicago, but I loved the Philadelphia Museum of Art just as much, though it was a different style of art museum. 
First of all, the building itself is beautiful: a neoclassical style of brown dolomite, with mythological freizes and finials adorning the outside. Bypass all the goofs snapping their picture with the "Rocky" statue at the base of the stairs and step inside to enjoy the art.
I focused less on the master painters (though they are in attendance) and more on the various collections. There was an array of local folk art, glass work, and ceramics. Then there were the rooms showcasing certain artifacts (say, illuminated Books of Hours) that were then done up to resemble their native surroundings (so, a medieval chapel). There was a Moroccan room full of tile work and rugs, an Indian room with pillars of gods and boddhisattvas (that looked like something out of Indiana Jones), etc; normally there is a Japanese tea house but it was being restored. 
We saw the Marcel Duchamp exhibit as well; the Dadaists just don't speak to me, and I find this piece ("Etant donnes") a bit creepy, but its making was meticulously documented.
I liked the diverse selection that made up the Director's Collection, including handmade wrought iron gates by Samuel Yellin; my friend and I had seen more of his work at the Rosenbach Museum. I marvel at the strength that it must have taken to get iron to yield into such delicate vines and flowers, and for him to attain such symmetry. 
The guards were friendly and laid-back, explaining things up front (for example, when we bought our tickets, the guy at the desk said that you can take photos in most galleries without a flash; later, as we were going into a gallery of photos, a female guard came up and kindly told us that there were no photographs allowed in this area). This beats the heck out of the sullen or officious treatment you get in some places (witness the guard at the Dallas Museum of Art who shoved her arm between my father's face and a table-style display case when she perceived that he was looking at something too closely...wtf? When you have low lighting to preserve fragile materials plus older eyes, yeah, people are going to take a closer look. And it's BEHIND GLASS. Get a grip. In any case, there's gotta be a politer way to say "Please step back" than throwing your arm in someone's face).
The place was practically empty (because of Columbus Day? School day?), so that was quite a treat. I hope for the museum's sake that this is not normally the case (i.e. people are coming and supporting this great resource!)
Overall, a splendid cultural asset.One of the BEST museums I've been to. I typically get so bored with museums, but this one is laid out well and the way they set up the rooms is much more immersive than other art museums. 
Amazing works of art - if you go on the first Sunday of the month, it's pay what you wish. That was so awesome and MUCH appreciated!Good museum featuring a lot of historical art. It reminded me of the Metropolitan Museum of Art in NYC, except smaller. The collection is a wide variety of paintings, prints, sculptures, and photos of mainly European, Asian and American origin. There was a very cool armor room with armor from throughout history too. Every Wednesday evening is a free (pay whatever you want) night.huge. large. awesome. awesomer. srsly. I love how the museum is broken down into digestable pieces. I love the Sunday pay as you wish day too. I plan on becoming a member. Every time I go I see something I missed from before. Its one of those must see places when your family is in town. 
I love the destil section.Got a chance to take my wife to the museum this Sunday and this place never ceases to amaze. I haven't been here in over  15 years and coming back was a treat. It's always amazing to see such a broad scape of art. My wife was particularly impressed with the armory and as the Asian arts area will be closing for renovation we made sure to catch that as well. 
We had lunch in the cafeteria and it was fantastic. The burritos made to order are huge and very fresh. I was surprised to see beer was available! The fresh cookies, muffins and cakes were also really good! 
We just need more time and I think we will be becoming members this year as well!First off, it's hilarious to run up the steps to the Philadelphia Museum of Art and jump around at the top like Rocky from Rocky 1 like you're the first person to think about doing it.  Then, you look around and see others doing it and your smile fades... 
However, it returns upon entering the museum's front door and you know you've walked into somewhere really cool. Thousands of works of art, statues and historical exhibits lie within the thousands of square feet of this amazing museum. We lived in Philly for almost 3 years and I must say, it's a great museum, been to the Louvre, MOMA, and a few other pretty amazing museums, this one is  up there, as well.  They had an amazing Egyptian exhibit for awhile, and the Frida Kahlo exhibit was fantastic, better than her house in Mexico City (which doesn't actually have too much of her art, disappointingly). 
Go to the Natural History Museum close by and the Ben Franklin Museum, both really worthwhile.What an awesome museum: Not only can you spend all day inside going gaga over incredible art, but you can sit outside and watch every dork running up the steps and doing the "Rocky pose". Seriously, I think I only saw a few people who DIDN'T act like big nerds. Bring a camera for those who fall on the steps. :)
I don't know if the Armor exhibit is temporary, but it's awesome. Total dude exhibit. My husband was in that area for about an hour while I walked through the Modern section. Great for the male ego: "I would look AWESOME in full body steel armor". There's also a nice European print exhibition in the lower level by the cafeteria: Political satires, childrens' games, and playing cards so old they would crumble if you touched them bare handed.  
Cafeteria is decent, except the salad bar is $0.55 PER OUNCE. Duh, should have read that a little closer. Our lunch was pricey, but good. Yes, I could have brought a Power bar, but that wouldn't have been much fun. 
Go here. It rocks.i have actually never been inside.  but if you're a fan of rocky.  you'll appreciate this place.  run up the steps, soak in the glory.  oh yes.  you'll love it.  on a warm day, jump in the fountain if you get the chance.  
i also was fortunate cause the time i visited the rocky statue was placed there.  so that was pretty darn cool.
the scenery is nice, the steps are awesome.
do yourself a favor, do what every tourist does and run up those steps and feel like a champ.We thoroughly enjoyed the architecture of this building!  It is quite possibly one of the most beautiful and intricate buildings we have been in.  The various exhibits were also just a exquisite, and we enjoyed seeing some of our favorite artists, including Van Gough, Matisse, Cassat and Monet.  In addition, the Asian Art exhibit was amazing, in addition to the current exhibition, "Paint the Revolution: Mexican Modernism, 1910-1950."  Many pieces to that cause much pause and reflection.  
We went on New Year's Day, and in addition to the holiday, the first Sunday of the month was "pay what you want."  This is a great option over the normally $20 per adult fee.  If you don't get there on a pay what you'd like day, you have access to multiple buildings of the art campus AND have access for two days.  So while the sticker price may seem high, the actual opportunity to see a variety of pieces of art throughout the city is quite the return of investing.
Given the holiday and other museums in the area being closed, we found the museum to be a bit more crowded than we'd prefer when we tour museums.
Also, I don't know it it's just me or if times have changed, but please refrain from using your cellular device in a gallery.  Snap a photo (that's a great memory), but please don't wish Aunt Bertha a Happy New Year!
Overall, we enjoyed our time here.  We spent the entire afternoon touring the building.  A must see in Philly!Sadly, many tourists flock here simply to photograph the steps where Rocky made his triumphant climb. Those who fail to enter the huge Greco-Roman building will miss seeing one of the finest collections of art objects in America. Paintings, sculptures, and decorative arts are grouped within set periods in L-shaped wings off the central court on two stories. On the ground level, French- and English-inspired domestic objects are highlights of the Colonial and Federal galleries, and there are rooms exhibiting Amish and Shaker crafts. The 19th-century gallery features works by Philadelphia native Thomas Eakins, who captured the spirit of the city in watercolors and oils. Upstairs, spread over eighty-three galleries, is a chronological sweep of European arts from medieval times through about 1850, including a treasure trove from the Renaissance period. Visitors can take a break in one of three surprisingly good and reasonably priced dining spots serving quick noshes like salads, soups, sandwiches, and pastries, in addition to more elaborate meals. Open until 8:45pm on Friday, with music, lectures, and film presentations among the draws, the museum has become an unlikely but popular place for end-of-the-workweek socializing. Sunday admission is pay-what-you-wish.Art after 5..........
What more can you ask for!! Wine, eclectic music, food, and art all in one place!!!! I am an avid avid avid fan of art after 5. After 5 oclock friday evenings takes on a whole new persona at the philadelphia museum of art. The tables are pulled out the make shift bars are carefully placed in different parts of the museum and the musicians are summoned to play for a sophisticated group of drunk but quietly poised mature adults. 
Come early and you'll be lucky enough to nab yourself a circular table right in front of all that musical action. You'll have a place to eat the food being offered and every week they have signature mixed drinks assigned!! When you're good and ready you're welcomed to meander your way through the hallways enjoying the historical artifacts that make up our existence, only you're not allowed to carry your sophisticated drink around with you so that's why I stress "when you're good and ready". LOL
We love going and will always find rhyme and reason to go.Uhm .. pay as you wish on the First Sunday of every month and Wednesdays (after 6PM?) - yes please! Reminds me of my 8th grade days in NYC at the MET. 
The GF and I came here for the Treasures of Korea exhibit and being from said motherland (though now naturalized USA), it was great to see some of these historical items. This came with an audio tour, which was nice, though some more context on the exhibits themselves would have been helpful (instead of simply "Red Pot". The best part though? At the end there was a huge line so people could practice writing their American name in Korean! The GF had some fun with that. 
The rest of the museum is replete with sections dedicated to Classical, European, Asian, Modern, and really Modern (aka "I could have done that"), among others. You could spend days here and not have seen everything. So get out there and get some culture!Great mix of different types of art and time periods. I really enjoyed the contemporary and Asian exhibits here. Bring your student ID - the admission for students is $14! I also liked that a lot of the workers here were so friendly and talked to us about some of their favorite pieces, great experience!If you're into art this museum is for you.  It has a ton of great pieces.  They had a section that was about knights and armor which I thought was awesome.  They have a complimentary coat check which is always nice in the winter.  We received tickets from a business but I believe normally they have an admissions fee.  All in all it's a great museum!  Another plus is the Rocky steps!I still love the PMA. I took myself to see the Gee's Bend exhibit today. Normally, I meander through exhibits on my own, but today I decided to take the free guided tour. I have to say having a tour guide really made a difference. The woman could have been a little more friendly - I felt she was a tad brusque in her answering of questions - but her knowledge of quilting, quilt design and the Gee's Bend aesthetic made up for her demeanor. Since she had met with the women/artists when they came for the opening of the exhibit so we was able to share all sorts of little bits of stories with us. The quilts were absolutely stunning and I'm inspired to break out the sewing machine. I really enjoyed the photography mini exhibit at the beginning with intimate portraits of some of the artists. The 28 minute documentary at the Perelman center was a great addition and another way to "meet" the quilters. I like that the museum continued the exhibit in Perelman by adding examples of Victorian and Amish quilting. This is only the second time in my life that I have bought the "coffee table book" of an exhibit, but I was so taken with the Gee's Bend exhibit that I couldn't resist. Also, there were double discounts for members! 
I also popped into the James Castle exhibit which was equally fascinating.  Once again, my membership pays for itself.Great museum with good changing exhibits. Beautiful building and interiors.   Don't forget to do the Rocky run up the steps.The Museum of Art is a great place to visit while you're in Philly. This place has everything, Monet, Van Gogh, medieval weapons, and statues that seem to defy physics. Not only are the pieces of art spectacular, the staff is also incredible. My friends and I especially loved speaking with Nate in the Modern and Contemporary Art exhibit. He told us about a Jackson Pollock painting and asked us to find the man and the woman. It was an abstract painting and we were hesitant at first, but Nate gave us the confidence we needed to start pointing out clues, and we found them!! Nate was awesome. He also gave us a pep talk about how we must follow our dreams and our passions and to cut toxic people out of our lives?? It was amazing. We felt like true art critics. Nate was definitely the highlight, but my friends and I enjoyed all the exhibits. Definitely check it out (and find Nate if you want to love yourself)!!!I just saw the Renior Landscapes exhibit and absolutely loved it.  Hurry up and get there before January 6th!!!!  Just make sure you leave enough time to explore the rest of the museum.I loved this museum! Reminds me of good ol' Nelson Atkins Art Museum in Kansas City! I purchased a ticket and my pass was good for the next day as well! I was there for 2 hours and still didn't get through everything. But my favorite part was the Asian art on the second floor, and seeing the Great Stair Hall. The Arms and Armor was interesting, it has a Game of Thrones feel to it haha. The Rocky Balboa statue is located at the bottom of the museum steps. I'd watch out for the hustlers who will  gladly take as many pictures for you in return for compensation. This was annoying, I did not ask him to do it, he volunteered with the utmost friendly and cheerful attitude and then later asked to help him out -_- yeah-- so obviously he wasn't doing it out of the goodness of his heart. Just a heads up, do NOT fall for it if you're not willing to tip. Bring your own selfie stick.Disclaimer before you read this review. I only went here to run up the stairs that rocky ran up. I did not go in and witness any art. Everyone knows that it's not the real Mona Lisa anyways. The real one is in a vault behind Thomas Jeffersons head on mount rushmore. Back to the point, the stairs were everything I expected. I ran them as hard as rocky, maybe even harder. I ran those steps so hard. The girlfriend walked them. If Rocky trained like her, he would have lost. Well he did lose, but he would have lost in the 1st round.I had such an amazing time at this museum! I enjoy museum in general but this one is huge and has a lot of different exhibits from different time periods! The pop art exhibit rocked! The American art exhibit is very cool, you can see original furniture pieces and home stuff that has change for the better!
I really recommended this place for anyone that loves art, self discovery, and just have a great time!Incredible collection and loved the rooms with various themes: Japanese tea house, Southeast Asian, Middle Eastern. Great Vermeers,  beautiful Sargeant oil paintings, just wish I had allocated more time. Didn't realize all the various nooks and crannies that one can explore and also escape the crowds from. Definitely a step above the Boston Art Museum, just for the vast expanse of its collection.I love first Sundays. You get the non artsy crowd - especially those with kids. Even for the non artsy people, this place is a philly landmark and the centerpiece of various festivals, etc. Or to even indulge your inner tourist and be Rocky on its steps.
By the way, the real Rocky statue is not there. Don't take a picture with the fake statue there.MUST-SEE. Beautiful. 
This museum was fantastic. We had the BEST tour guide. He was adorable and way too excited about art and sex. My mom and I had a great time making penis jokes with him while everyone else stood silent and far away from us. At one point he went up to a baby chilling in a stroller and whispered, "You won't remember any of this." Oh, and the art was great too. This is definitely a great place to go in Philadelphia.What is not to love about this museum? The Calder hanging in the entrance?  The amazing tapestries? The very cool music and cocktails on Friday nights?  It's a great embodiment of the city. Cultural, eclectic, diverse and easy to navigate.The fact is, this museum is just big enough to feel like a real museum but small enough to be accessible.great museum.  They have some dirty stuff.  Some big golden penis called princess x, a picture that one of the security ladies will show you is a million of penii and boobs, and something called water and candle or something similar where you look into a hole in a wall and it is a naked ladies..... 
well there is much more stuff, it is huge.  Anything from Armor, to Shaker furniture, to classical stuff.  There are even Van Gogh's.  
Expensive parking but they validate
in summer they have a concert series that is very nice and people swing dance...   
Fancy Schmancy restaurant and a great deli downstairs.
Just a GREAT PLACE.  Come for the Rocky Statue, stay for the other stuff.Good Lord how could some many art treasures exist in one building.  Vermeer only painted under 40 paintings- 2 or 3 are in here. The Whistler and Sargent pieces (one of the most seductive and dark pieces of Sargent's career and an embarrasment to the socialite's who commissioned the piece family- she loved it- they strove to hide it. Eventually it was the first Sargent to be publicly purchased and displayed in any museum). Also, if you love epic pieces they have a great piece that depicts an old 19th century medical lecture where all the students are watching the body being examined- I believe by Thomas Eakins. It stands an impressive 15-20 ft high and even more ft wider. A beautiful Winslow Homer collection. Also they have the most STUNNING period world reconsruction rooms of Imperial China, Japan and French Louis the someteenth. 
When you're here, save the time to see some real treasures and avoid the Rocky trap. We went, we saw and were let down with those steps.  We were going to refilm the running up the steps and pumping the arms, but saw all the other losers doing it and thought better of it.
Oh- if you get a chance and it's there that day, the corn chowder was INCREDIBLE.If you had blindfolded me I could have easily mistaken that I was in the south of France possibly, possibly. 
What an amazing structure and museum and the parkway ( boulevard) that leads up to it is just genius - i LOVE it. The city planning that went into this project and the surrounding area just adds to the feel you get when walking up to it and the steps. The entrance is just breath taking and a must see if you're in Philadelphia.One of the best museums in the USA.  Always curated impeccably.  Special exhibits have consistently been worth the traffic, admission price and crowds, but often you must purchase tickets to these far in advance for particular timing as the special exhibits are usually a great event in the art world.  I simply adore this museum and I recommend joining as a supporting member.  The view going up the steps is the best in Philly.  The Dali exhibit a couple of years ago was amazing and should be used as the standard for other museums.  The Degas before that was also something I won't forget...and I'm not a big Degas fan.  The curation is most informative, most intimate, and very very complete.  They have a knack of getting you into the mind of the artist.  Their permanent collection is one of the best in the world.  If you like Duchamp, or Impressionism, or Picasso, or Antiquities....just go.  ... and go again.  You'll need a few times just to feel it's power.  I have only regretted missing exhibits for lack of time when in Philadelphia.  Truly an American Gem.I waited over 45 minutes for someone to answer the phone..... I had a question regarding the availability of a piece of art that is "usually" (but not always) located at the museum.  I won't be visiting the museum (or purchasing a membership) because no one seems to be available to answer my question & that piece would have been the specific reason I intended to visit the museum.....ART!!!!!
Sunday AM is "pay what you want" at the art museum, which for us, means "buy our annual family membership"...  they good thing is that it included the Picasso Exhibit, and this day the Nowruz Celebration.
You have to note that the Picasso exhibit is actually the "Picasso and the Avant-Garde in Paris".... keep that in mind, there are other artists.  Don't get me wrong, 5 stars it was awesome!
The rest of the museum was "as always" great!  From the tea house, to the forbidden city, to the modern art exhibit...  really modern art... crazy and funky!
good time, good time, this is a world class museum!I finally became a member, and you should too! Living in Philly and relatively close to the art museum, I had no reason not to support this place. They have great exhibits, and the student membership ($40...you actually don't even need to show your student ID, or at least I didn't) easily covers the cost of 2 trips...but with the membership, you can go unlimited times and don't need to rush to see everything in one day. I recently checked out the Pearlman building too, which is also pretty great. I recommend going to an "Art after 5," too. As someone who usually gets home from work at 5 or 5:30, weekday museum hours aren't the greatest, but on Fridays there's free entrance for members and the museum exhibits are open until 8:45. The food and drinks are a little out of my price range, but I appreciate the later hours and great jazz...even though I'm not a huge jazz fanatic, it's fitting for the art museum and will take you from weekday exhaustion slob-ness to feeling like a sophisticated art aficionado.Great museum centrally located in the heart of Philadelphia. I knew I had to come when my trip coincided with the "Paint The Revolution" exhibit. The first thing that caught my eye besides the herd of tourists running up the "Rocky" steps (insert Rocky II motivational music) was the architecture of the building. Stunning. I mean, the Met it ain't but it's beautiful, nonetheless. The highlight of the trip was seeing the paintings of Frida Kahlo and Diego Rivera. My only complaints: The  multitude of art 'experts,' who were clearly lacking in spatial awareness. I didn't appreciate being pressed against some fat guys tits whilst trying to appreciate "The Death of Zapata." It was almost the death of me. The other complaint, was paying $9 for the Barefoot wine that I usually get on special: 2 for $3, at my local Rite Aid. However, I do recognize that overcharging patrons is the norm when visiting places such as these, and of course I support art (Especially, when I can get loaded in the process). Totally worth the $20 entrance fee and nearly being smothered.I had hoped to walk here from my hotel - a nice 2 mile stroll.  Exercise, sightseeing, and art; perfect right?  Except for the rain that foiled my one woman parade.  Instead I got a quick cab ride with a blink and you'll miss it view of the Rocky steps (you know I was going to run up them and do big champion arms at the top, right?), some streaks of green lawn, and a few fearing for my life "Philly drivers are insane" moments.
The museum was well worth it.  The lobby reminded me of the one at the Met, while the museum itself could've easily been one of the dozens I visited in Europe.
I agree with Heather wholeheartedly on her advice for the special exhibits - although I'll warn that weekdays are no better.  The exhibits should really be limited to  a certain number of people at a time rather than a flow, and I think if they changed the way they sold tickets they could manage that.  Say, only 30 people can buy tickets for the 1pm slot, and they have, oh 20 - 30 minutes to go through, and then the next group can go at 1:30 and so on. . . . life would be grand.  Shoving past people once you'd like to move on while they look at you like you're the rudest thing they've ever seen (as they shove back to try to take the space your body left open before someone else can) is not my idea of fun.  I love Frida's work and it is so detailed sometimes that I really want to get up close.  Plus, I'm not a huge fan of crowds.  That said, the exhibit was great, and I even bought a bunch of souvenirs at the end which I don't typically do. 
The rest of the museum was lovely, although I only had about 15 minutes to kill before it was my turn to line up for the special exhibit so I didn't get to see as much as I would've liked.  
** aside - Thanks to David for noticing (as always) that this is review #500.  Thanks to the museum and its kick ass Frida exhibit for making such a happy review memory.  I'd also like to thank my mom and dad, without whom none of this would've been possible.  Thank you to my . . . * music swells and drowns out typing . . *I love the PMA (Philadelphia Museum of Art)! It is so much more than simply an architecturally appealing monument of Philadelphia (though of course it is that, too). It's at the end of the parkway and Kelly Drive and surrounded by gardens, the famous "Rocky" steps, and lovely vistas of Philadelphia, the Schuylkill River, etc.
To start, the PMA houses wonderful, expansive collections: even after living in the city for 24 years, I still haven't seen every piece.
The PMA also attracts awesome and varied roving exhibits. The one I viewed most recently was "The Philadelphia Museum Of Art: Treasures from Korea: Arts and Culture of the Joseon Dynasty, 1392-1910" (still there today!) which I thoroughly enjoyed (though noted after-the-fact that it did focus on the upper echelon of society). The one before that was a "Marquee Exhibition, Roberto Capucci: Art Into Fashion," which showcased some magnificent fashion. The roving exhibits are accompanied by audio tours on phone-like devices (headphone compatible, if you happen to have some with you), which are informative and allow you to wander at your own pace.
In recent years, the PMA has worked to reach a more varied crowd. E.g.,
(1) Pay-What-You-Wish Wednesday Nights;
(2) "Art After 5," which features a variety of music genres and energetic dancing is a wonderful utilization of the PMA's beautiful foyer (though beware wearing shoes without support as standing/dancing on marble floors for hours is quite wearing on one's knees, no matter what age you are!);
(3) The Philadelphia Chamber Music Society holds chamber music performances in one of the PMA's auditoriums;
(4) Films, lectures, symposia, etc. (check the calendar: http://www.philamuseum.org/calendarEvents/programs.html?page=2).
And finally, the food options (Granite Hill restaurant, the Cafeteria, the Balcony Cafe, and the Gallery Café at Perelman), which in a non-museum setting would, of course, be the most important to me. In this case, the food operations are all Stephen Starr, so generally quite tasty and slightly overpriced, but as that's not unusual for museum food, the tasty factor makes up for it. Plus, because of the PMA's location, you're steps away from fantastic restaurants in Fairmount and within easy walking distance of the heart of Center City where culinary options abound. And now with Philadelphia marketing pop-up events at "The Oval" there was a cornucopia of delicious food trucks right across the street.
PS. If you're a student with a valid student ID, you get an entrance discount. And if you plan to go more than once a year, you might think of getting the student membership, which is only $40!Philadelphia Art museum has to be the best.  I hadn't visited since I was 6 so it was a treat to take my 2 older children ages 17 and 13 and we had a wonderful time.  We went on a Sunday which is a perfect time to go you pay whatever price you want instead of the normal fee which is perfect if you have a big family and wanna do something on a budget.  Parking on their lot was only 5 dollars(5 Dollars in Philly can someone give me the heimlich maneuver).  We learned what kind of art we loved and which kind we can kinda leave alone (modern art/art deco ughhhhhhh).  I even fell in love with a painting there "The Moorish Chief" by Eduard Charlemont such a beautiful painting I couldn't take my eyes off of it.  I even went and purchased the poster of it and am putting it up in my house.  Can't say enough of this place however if you do go wear comfortable shoes heels just don't do it lol.This is a beautiful museum that I would highly recommend going to if you are in Philly. It houses some fantastic pieces - Monet, Manet, VanGogh, Picasso, Degas, and more.Good collection of European art, also fair collection of Contemporary art. I especially liked the rooms with Faux castles, & Japanese tea houses etc... Too many tapestry & Silver ofr my taste, but still a fine Art museum & of course you do have the Rocky stairs to run up & down!Great art museum...well worthy of a visit if you are a local or a tourist. They have excellent collections of Asian and European works, as well as whole Italian fountains and Indian temples reconstructed on display inside. The armour collection is top-notch and they have a good number of contemporary and modern works. Do make sure to visit the Perelman Building across the street on the side of the museum (it's free when you visit the musuem as is the shuttle that takes you there for free) as well as the Rodin Museum (also free and on the shuttle) a few blocks down on the Parkway. The rotating main exhibits can be hits (such as Degas or Frida Kahlo) or misses (like the recent Dancing around the Bride).First class museum in a second class city. Has both of Duchamp's major works, as well as a few great readymades.  Special Exhibition when I was there was the shit.  A lot of these reviews are about impressionism...if you want to look at Impressionist paintings in this country don't front go to the MET.  Walk down the street and check out Rodin's Gates of Hell on the exterior of the Rodin museum. Why pay the admission to go inside? You've seen the rest of those Rodin works already, they're in like every museum collection in the world. Going to the Barnes is a bad move. Just getting past all of the bureaucracy and entrance bullshit makes you feel like you work for the CIA. A few masterpieces but the paintings all look sad. They're tired of being displayed salon style inside some weird fascist headquarters. Remember that documentary about when the Barnes Collection was moved from its old location? My favorite part was when that unhappy academic guy yells "PHILISTINES" to some Museum staff walking into the new building.One of the best art museums I've visited.  The collection is enormous and breathtaking.  Exhibits I saw as a teen still stick with me.  This is at the top of my list of places to see in Philly.Wonderful museum. They have a little of everything from modern, italian byzantine, to japanese. They do a great job of creating environments. They had a huge area that looked like a village settlement in feudal japan. They also had a cavish looking environment for the Knight armor area. What keeps me from giving this five stars is strictly preference. Not every exhibit is worth standing around and looking at. but I fully acknowledge that what I dont like someone else might. I love the fact that they have a pay what you want from 5-8 pm on Wednesdays. I will say though if you plan on doing this, arrive exactly at five. I spent 2 and a half hours and there were parts that I had to rush myself through because of it. Ideally 3 to 4 hours is great for this museum, assuming you read the labels. 
this is definitely a great museum and I would recommend everyone make an effort to come here.This place is incredible! For admission, you gain access to at least three museums for two consecutive days. The buses seem to be slow (I waited nearly an hour for a bus that never showed up!), but for tourists there's a bus that takes you to the main stops (Liberty Bell, Franklin Institute, etc.). The smaller museum just has a few exhibits, but you could spend two days in the main building and still not see everything! Something for everyone too - ancient art through contemporary.This is a really amazing museum. It is ABSOLUTELY ENORMOUS, and has something for everyone. We spent 3-4 hours here, and could easily have spent twice that. We typically gravitate to modern and contemporary art, and spent most of our time in this section. The Duchamp collection is particularly impressive/memorable - I had never seen Etant donnes or The Large Glass before, and those were both really cool. We also wandered through a lot of the rest of the museum, taking some time to look at whatever striked us. The armor and weaponry is extremely cool, and it's amazing how much we know about who made what and how, despite it having happened hundreds of years ago. I also particularly enjoyed the Asian art sections - they had interspersed modern/contemporary Japanese and Korean pieces with the older stuff, which was an interesting juxtaposition. It also represented a lot of artists that I hadn't seen before. The Mexican Modernism exhibit was interesting and had a lot of cool pieces, though I ran out of time to read a lot of the accompanying information. I also thought it was really cool that admission to the Rodin museum was included. Would definitely come back here if I were back in town - there's no shortage of things to see.The PMA is one of the better museums I have been to. I go here fairly often because I am an art student and I take art history classes sometimes. If you are an art history student it's free (also on the first Sunday of every month and after 5 on Wednesdays it's pay what you want). I like how a lot of their art is built into the architecture. They have a pretty decent collection although nothing overly spectacular/famous. The exhibitions are usually very nicely curated and worth seeing. On Wednesdays from 5-9 they have cool events like arts and crafts and yoga. My favorite thing about the museum is the architecture inside and out. The Rocky steps are iconic looking up but looking down has the best view of the city and if you walk around up top it is just gorgeous. Also the Schuykill trail that goes right by it is a great place for a walk or run. Definitely go during sunset because it is GORGEOUS.Very nice permanent collection and very good 'big' shows (e.g., Renoir, Kahlo, Picasso, etc). In my opinion, the best thing about the museum is Art After Five - always great music (and sometimes really really great), good drinks and good food. In the summer, you can also sit outside on the west entrance (by the big columns) and drink martinis while checking out the parkway. Probably the best thing about the museum is the women who organizes Art After Five (don't know her name) and the security guard Clifford (he really knows his art and we both love Bruce Nauman's piece 'Days', which was on display at the museum a few months ago).
TIP: if you visit more than twice, definitely cheaper to become a member. Too bad martinis are not free to members during Art After Five.
Can't wait until their big expansion is done (still many years away though)So grand and so beautiful. We loved the attention to detail and the great effort to create an encapsulating ambiance in each room. For example, many rooms had specifically installed door frames related to the art within. Also I have a theory that some rooms even added certain scents to augment the experience (the room with the paintings of flowers smelled like flowers I swear!). Ten thumbs up!!!Been wanting to go here for like 8 years and finally I had a chance to go! Went with a friend and it was worth the wait! I loved everything about this museum..This place is amazing! We've done a lot of museum but rarely have we seen such collections. If you are visiting Philadelphia, this is a must. You HAVE to stop there. We spent 2 hours there on Friday and stayed for a little while after 6pm to listen to the jazz concert that they were giving. 
We
Had to come back (the ticket is valid for 2 days!) to visit the rest of the museum, as we didn't have time to see the contemporary part.This is an excellent gallery.  I am most fond of contemporary and modern art, so that is the focus of this review.  There is an extensive collection of European and early American art as well, I just don't talk much about it because that's not where my interest lies.
Duchamp's Nude Descending a Staircase and Donati's Carnival of Venice alone are worth the price of admission.  There is also an impressive collection of Monet, Renoir and Picasso.  (They've only one Dali, but I guess you can't have everything.)  They've also got my husband's favourite Calder, which he was delighted to get to see.  The authentic Japanese teahouse is gorgeous and they've done beautiful work transforming rooms into recreations of the day.  (I'm not a huge furniture fan, but they've definitely got a big collection.)  Their arms and armor is also quite nice -- it's the best I've seen outside the Met.  I also quite liked their glass collection.
We were there in time to see their exhibit of Dave Heath's photographs and it was one of the best photo exhibits I've seen.  The space was extremely well utilized.
There were several groups (schools and whatnot) with docents or instructors.  Even when comprised of a fairly large number of people, it was apparent that care was taken to insure discussion did not get too loud.  I was never disturbed by these groups, which is unusual for me.  The gallery apparently is also very understanding of artists as we saw one painting a study within one of the galleries. 
Guards are extremely friendly and helpful.
Free coat check is a nice perk.
I also really liked that the cost of entry was for two days and included several buildings.  We only had time to visit the main building and then the Rodin Museum the next day, but it was nice to have the options.
Open late on Wednesdays.I've been in Philadelphia for almost three years now and this was my first visit. You shouldn't wait as long as I did because the museum is great. The amount of works in there is comparable to almost any other art museum in the country. The layout is a bit confusing at times, but if it's your first visit, grab a map and figure it out. Or you can just get lost like I did and enjoy it anyway.I am not an art person but I do love coming here and pretending I see the deeper meaning and significance of certain works. But most of all, I really just like how peaceful I feel when I'm in the museum. There is something about how massive it is. I also took my 5th graders here on a field trip a few years ago and the staff was so accommodating and great with the students.Having heard raving reviews about the museum we (my family) finally decided to visit the Philadelphia Museum of Art or PMA (as known locally). 
We stepped in at around 4pm and they are about to close in an hour. The ticketing lady was very considerate and charged only for one building and only for two tickets (though we were three in number). 
The collection was good, but not as incredible as the reviews said it would be. We did not have the time to visit the main building and I believe it may house the more valuable and astounding collections.We went here on Wednesday evening. After 5pm on Wednesday's you can pay what you want. We had a great time. The museum was open until 8:45pm. There is so much to see. Be prepared to do a lot of walking. I really enjoyed going here. I've been trying to get there for awhile and I'm glad I finally made it. There is a parking garage behind the museum, parking is $12 for 4 hours if you get the ticket validated from the museum. I'm not a big fan of Philadelphia but this is something you need to experience. The museum was not crowded at all.I came here on my most recent trip to Philly.  I do live in New York which has great museums like the Met and MOMA but I can still appreciate great museums in other cities.  My favorite part was the Japanese wing, don't leave until you check out that wing.  The impressionist art wing was also fantastic.  My only regret is that I didn't run up and down the stairs just like Rocky.We stopped here strictly for the Rocky experience.   Kids loved it - they the 200 steps twice.   Great photo op.Sad they don't have free admission for students anymore but it was really sweet that a ticket was valid for two consecutive visits so you're paying for a two day pass and if I planned that better I wouldn't have rushed to see everything in 1 day. 
But it's relatively small so it CAN be done in a day.
The photo section was under construction so that was a bummer.
Had to drink my feelings in the cafeteria to make up for it. But yea, $6 shipyard and some cheddar broccoli soup while I look at some art, not too shabby.
And I love that they encorperate art and historical artifacts into the actual structure of the building. The entry ways and the Japanese tea room. -all awesome. 
Lots to see for everyone. All kinds of great goodies and it isn't ever packed or piled around the popular stuff. Van Gogh paintings and Monet's just free to see clearly unlike the MET. 
They also have a modern art section and a huge video installations. 
Oh also look out for some iPads near some artifacts that give you a little extra info for you history buffs!We went for the Rocky steps and decided to go into the museum as well. I don't really care for art museums, but this one was actually good. It did not take us long once we were inside- maybe an hour and a half. Students should remember their IDs, this place actually checks them.OK, so.. I must return and soon. I didn't get a chance to really spend the ample amount of time that I wanted to since we had a time crunch. It was my sister's birthday and I decided to treat my 20 and 17 year old sisters, along with my 4 year old preschooler, to a day of art and culture... The 20 year was the only one really there for it, but I'm gonna keep exposing the youngins until they appreciate! LOL. I LOVE museums... I find them to be so fascinating and this one was no exception. Really only got a chance to visit the American and Asian art sections.. which was a bummer (this place is huge). I was a bit disappointed that the African art section was in another building that you had to ride a shuttle to get to... Next time, I will plan accordingly. I like that the Bank of America allows a free ticket to an account holder every first weekend of the month. This saved me $20! And also that the ticket is good for the next consecutive day. I wish I was still out in Philly to go back... *sigh. Will return!
Oh and I almost forgot! Added bonus to see the Rocky statue and run up "the" stairs. Photo ops are such a bonus to the experience!Philadelphia is truly fortunate to have a world-class art museum. 
We attended American Watercolor this afternoon. It was superb. The curators told a coherent and interesting story about the history of American watercolor. The narration was good.  
I took two small children and one middle school child to this exhibit. They loved it! They especially loved the painting with many umbrellas. Although this exhibit was not meant for young children, with proper explanation and a bit of patience young children will find the landscape and portraiture interesting.  It is all about pointing out things that are relevant to them.  For example, there was a painting by Glackens entitled Christmas Shoppers that depicted a busy holiday scene from New York City. You could see a Santa Claus, people with packages, a girl with a doll, and many small children.  The museum was insightful to include pieces that children would enjoy. They also liked Old King Cole by Maxfield Parrish because they were familiar with the nursery rhyme.
The smaller children have enjoyed Art Splash and seeing the re-created buildings. Last summer, we enjoyed learning about the art of Africa.Spectacular, amazing, beautiful. Cannot praise this museum enough.
I spent 6 hours here before I had to admit is reached saturation and my feet couldn't take it anymore.
Any trip to Philadelphia is not complete without visiting this gem.
There is something for everyone of all ages!!Awesome collection! I get inspired every time I visit. You could get lost for hours inside, exploring the different rooms and exhibits. Learn about history, and art, and leave inspired by, and in awe of the amazing work inside! Such skill, much art.