Special burger outta this world: two 4oz. Patties, fried egg, pork belly, fries, & garlic mayo on a seeded bun.... Outeffinstanding!!!!Two words "Fried Oreo". That alone deserves 5 star. 
The atomphere was casual and easy-going. It was late on a Thursday night, the place wasn't crowded. Bartender was attentive and helpful. Blah blah blah, I still go back to those warm, gooey fried oreos with caramel sauce. They trumpt EVERYTHING!I've been back to PBR a few times since my original review, and I have to say that I really enjoy it.  There is a wide list of good beers at reasonable prices, and the food has been solid almost every time I've been here.  The one thing I tried and didn't enjoy was the chick pea burger.  I thought it was a little too dense, and t was almost like a paste.  Other than that, their regular burgers are really good, and to both of our surprise, my girlfriend loves the gnocchi.
We mainly stick to the outside seating when coming to PBR, and enjoy people watching the line for franklin fountain.  It seems like the music inside the bar can be a bit louder than necessary if I'm just trying to have dinner, so I'm not sure how frequently I will be stopping by this winter.Fried mac and cheese is very rich and you need to share it with someone. But its well worth it!  Fries are Yum. Not a fan of the wings though.  The highlight of PBR though is the craft beer selection.  The bartenders are friendly and knowledgeable about the products and will be able to help you find any beer to fit your taste.
Seasonal and local beers are always available and being rotated so stopping in weekly is a good practice.It's a large place with lots of natural light and outdoor seating. We went here on a Thursday night and sat at the bar. It was pretty dead.  The bartender was attentive and they had food specials, but the food was just OK. No hurry to rush back.if you want to visit a generic gastropub, this is the place for you.  was a little disappointing though - on a saturday night at 7pm they had already ran out of a lot of beers and had no fish tacos... but, the food is good.  the fried mac and cheese is quite tasty, the chickpea burger was satisfying (the smoked gouda takes over your tastebuds, but that's not a bad thing) and the fried was a pleasant surprise!  the service left a little to be desired...i hope it was her first day...PBR is right by my apartment and my boyfriend and I used to come here weekly (especially in the summer for the outdoor seating).
I love the rotating beer menu at PBR and I especially appreciate the nightly beer deal (half off one of their draft beers). It is a fun way to try out different beers, and it usually comes to about $3 a brew.
Ohhh, I used to love the food here. They used to have really amazing crispy-on-the outside-gooey-on-the-inside eggplant fries with a goat cheese emulsion dip and the chick pea burger was out of this world. Someone mentioned the salad with dried cherries and cheese - agreed that was awesome. Since they have changed chefs, and in my opinion the menu just isn't the same. Don't get me wrong, it is still very solid bar food but just not as good as it used to be. (As Heather stated perfectly in another review, I just don't get the PBR cravings anymore with the newer menu.)
PBR is a really fun place to come for dinner or with friends for drinks. Its a great place to chill on a week or weekend night, and definitely a much appreciated addition to the Old City bar scene.Great beer, Great food!  My boyfriend and I had a veggie stack-up on our first visit that was absolutely delicious.  The presentation was really nice and the veggies were fresh and tasty.  On our second visit, we went for a Dogfish Head tap takeover.  They had so many great beers, some of which can be tricky to find.  The service is friendly and we've enjoyed ourselves each time we've been :)We partied it up in here this Saturday night to celebrate my cousin's brief return from Hawaii and had a pretty swinging time. Arrived around 8 to find the place moderately crowded (meaning tables were available, but there was still a nice sized crowd there too), and it seemed that was the perfect time to pop in because the dinner crowd was departing and all the booze hounds hadn't yet rolled in. 
PBR (I wonder if the naming was intended for those initials) calls themselves a gastropub, a term too over used for my liking, but hey, they had beer and food so I guess it's accurate enough. Mixed cocktails were on the pricier side at nine-ish dollars, but they had an all night beer special on one of their drafts for under $3 (the tasty Troegs Hop Back until it got kicked, then a less hoppy but still good draft what's name escapes me... maybe Mad Elf?). We spent the beginning of the night plotting the usurping of the uber-booth in the back corner from one of the half dozen high tops in the center of the bar, but after those pints started piling up the focus shifted to the eclectically cool soundtrack and us getting down. 
I didn't taste any of PBR's food, though not for lack of trying, because I asked for a side of rosemary and garlic potato wedges and was promptly refused; apparently policy dictates that sides are only available when you order an entree. If you are reading this, owner, that is a CRAP regulation. You missed out on my dinner allowance as well as the rest of my sub-group's munchie cash because we had to hit the bricks in search of other vittles that I would be allowed eat. Still, that is a trivial thing to complain about, so you can see that this place is pretty cool. 
PS- we left 'round about midnight and every bar we went to (except Rotten Ralph's who's ghost town interior ensured us supreme service and ample personal space) was packed to the gills; the standing-room-only space was a battle ground, fought hard for with many elbows and shoves, the exact opposite of the scene at PBR.Will never set foot in this dump again. Organized a pub crawl with management, then when everyone (40 people) showed up, they were closed for cleaning.  On a Saturday at 4PM. Their response? nothing.  With management like this, it won't be long before they drive off all their customers and go out of business.We ate here recently, started with fried mac and cheese which came with a thick tomato dipping sauce, very yummy, broiled scallops, a little salty but also very tasty and fried cauliflower which came with three dipping sauces and was also prepared very well.  Presentation on the small plates was also nice.
We probably should have stopped after our small plates, but the food was so good that we decided to order more.  I had the chickpea burger which had a very nice taste, but was a little on the dry side.  However, the cheese sauce helped with moisture level.  My husband had the steak and cheese which he also enjoyed.
The service was good, even though we were being served by the bar tender (we were there at an off time).I'm a huge fan of the Bavarian Barbarian Grumpy Pumpkin!  The fried pickles and fried mac and cheese are delicious too!!  I also really liked the eggplant fries w/ goat cheese dipping sauce, but they're not on the menu anymore.This is THE gastropub in Center City that you can't ignore! Amazing beer and premium food. Recommend the fried mac and cheese and ribeye steak! This place is great for Old City!Finally got a chance to check this place out. Had to try the specialties I had heard about.
Scrapple cheesesteak - yum! Although I was glad I was sharing it -half was enough. House chips were good. 
Fish tacos - a nice light change after the scrapple. Flavorful and moist - the cabbage slaw makes it and the batter on the fish is not too thick like many I have tried.
Short rib bites very good but very rich. 
Fried Mac n cheese - a bit too heavy for me but flavorful. Others at my table really liked them.
Friends liked the special burger but one felt the fries were over salted. 
Beers - no IPA on draft was disappointing and drafts were pricey. Good bottle selection. 
Service was great. We were headed to the Arden and the waiter was attentive and watched the clock to get us out on time. 
I will definitely be back to try other items and enjoy those fish tacos and great service.Had to try the new place on the scene in Old City and sat down at the second bar last night mostly for dinner, but also for drinks. I was talked into the Thursday Night special, a kind of Eastern European stew called 'Bigos,' so this review is bigos-centric, and therefore probably not a good definitive take on PBR.
Pros
-Brave Menu - with the exception of the obligatory 'burger' everything else was a slightly unusual offering and the menu was definitely intriguing and I'll have to come back and sample something non-bigos. Other reviews tend to indicate good chicken wings, which I'm perpetually in search of.
Cons
-Heavy Menu - nothing light to order, come for heavy, stick to your ribs kind of food. Bigos was like 5 kinds of meat (veal, sausage, duck) encased in a bread bowl with a minimum of broth and lot of sauerkraut. Not for the faint of heart.I've been meaning to stop by and try this restaurant since they opened in the fall and finally did this afternoon.  My girlfriend and I stopped by just to have a snack since we were walking around old city.  I got the Pork Slammers appetizer and they were delicious.  The pork was juicy and the sauce that came for the sliders went with the pork very well.  I was pleasantly surprised at the size of the 2 sliders, and both had a hearty portion of pork on them.  My girlfriend got the mussels, which were good but not great.  The mussels at Eulogy are much better.
The one thing I have against this place is the name.  Naming your bar after the city it's in?  Anything is better than that.
All things considered, I will be returning soon for drinks or dinnerWent to Philadelphia Bar and Restaurant last night for dinner.  Overall it was an OK experience.  I asked the waitress for a beer similar to a Blue Moon and she served me an IPA - that is not even close!
Tuesday was $1 oysters so we had some of those and I ordered the fish tacos which were over all too deep fried and lacked any flavor.  There was no sauce on the taco and just left me feeling like I ordered the wrong thing.  
My boyfriend got the meatloaf sandwich - that was great!PBR is a great place to stop by when you're in the area. I've stopped by Fridays, usually after Olde City's First Friday, and found this restaurant to be PACKED. 
Live entertainment is usually there on Fridays, but you may expect to wait 20 - 25 minutes for your food, once it's been ordered. 
Always ask for the drink specials; usually, they're noted on the sandwich board just outside the restaurant, on Market Street, but I've found that sometimes the specials are not available when I walk in. Oh well.
I'm unsure why, but I consistently find myself ordering their Olde City Cheese Steak - it's a delicious entree with a sizable portion of hand cut fries. My girlfriend usually orders the same. I guess I should try diversifying my food choices next time?
I did stop by on an odd Monday night - obviously, there were far fewer patrons and we received our food much earlier. 
At its busiest, you'll have a hard time holding a conversation if you're in the center of the restaurant since you'll be seated at the epicenter of two bars, possible live entertainment, and circled by TVs, but you'll have a nice time.Eggplant fries were awesome as was the octopus salad. Draft beer board was less exciting than I was expecting and little pricey (although kensinger was 50% off when I was there, so I shouldn't complain).
Nice atmosphere, but a little cold. Would go again, but not dying to make it back.PBR was... fine.  It was good at times, but when they tried to be more than a pub with great pub food, they struggled and sometimes missed.
First of all, they have a really solid draft beer list, but for some reason the chalkboard they write it on includes the brewery, the name of the beer, the alcohol content, the state of origin, the price... but not what kind of beer it is.  Not being familiar with a bunch, the list was relatively useless, despite how detailed it was.  No idea which was a wheat beer, which was an IPA, which was an ale...  We all had to quiz the waiter.
Our waiter was very nice and friendly, but the service was slow overall.  There were six of us, and we were there for two and a half hours on a moderately-busy Thursday night.  The appetizers took forever for some reason, as did the check.  Not sure what was up with the timing, but for a bar and restaurant we weren't expecting to be there for so long.
So let's talk about the food.  
The "First" list of appetizers was fantastic and choosing was difficult.  Perfect better-than-bar-food bar food.  The short rib "puffs" were delicious puff pastry triangles with just the right amount of gorgonzola so it didn't overpower the ribs, and a delicious spicy honey sauce.  I didn't try the scallops but a friend who did loved them.  The pulled pork sliders with the porcini mayo were solid, the pork was tender and delicious and the mayo was a tasty addition (though a bbq option would have been great).
Then comes the hit-or-miss "Second" list of entrees.  I'll start with the salmon, which was absolutely fantastic.  Crispy skin and a nearly-raw middle, just the way I like it, served with a genius combo of beets, lots of crab meat and some toasted almond slivers.  The flavors were perfect together, with the salty crab and sweet beets mingling with the salmon.  The texture was really enjoyable, the crunch of the salmon skin and the firm beets with the softer crab and salmon.... a really enjoyable dish.
Sadly I can't say the same of some of the other dishes.  The fish tacos... they were unfortunate.  The pickled onions were bitter to the point that I ended up taking mine out; they really ruined these, which is a shame because they were clearly the part of the dish that were supposed to wow me.  Three of us ate the tacos and all of us agreed on this one.
The gnocchi were giant and heavy and relatively firm, and did not compare well to the light fluffiness I was expecting.   
The cheesesteak was high-end, with freshly shaved ribeye, and it was great for what it was... I just prefer my cheesesteaks greasy and low-end :)  My dad loved his, said it was one of the best he's ever had, so this one's a toss-up.
And of course, you can't go wrong with a plate of four well-fried Oreos (my favorite cookie) with a caramel dipping sauce.  Those were killer.
Would I go back?  Definitely.  But I'd stick with beers and appetizers, personally, and not bother with the hit-or-miss entrees, because after those tacos I'm not sure I could trust their flavor judgment.  Except that salmon!You average bar/gastropub, if you're a fan of that term.  Roomy and airy, but could be a bit touristy, I suppose.  Also, the bar tender served me the wrong beer and tried to pass it off like I had no idea what I was talking about.  I may be a girl, but let me tell you that I certainly know the difference between an IPA and a witbier, m'kay?I love this place, I've been there quite a few times at this point and I've never been disappointed with my meal or the service.  They have a great beer selection which is always evolving, and they have a selection of interesting menu items which always satisfy regardless of what you're craving.  The ambience is great too, and i highly recommend the spicy tuna burger.Disappointing. I came here right after getting a beer at Mac's - the other new bar on the block in Old City. By comparison (and by comparison to basically any other bar in the CIty) Phila. Bar and Rest. is a real let-down. The beer list is OK, though it's basically a requisite these days to have some good micros on tap. The food I tasted was terrible. Flavorless, chunky hummus with stale chili-powder dusted yellow corn tortilla chips (Costco Brand maybe?) despite being advertised as "flatbreads." Worse was an octopus salad with chewy, fish octopus and a weak, flavorless salad.
The scene reminds me of a "made in China" version of Triumph. Similar industrial feel, but poorly executed - there are greasy fingerprints all over the aluminum ceiling from whoever installed it, and there was broken glass all  over my friend's chair. You need to come in strong if you want to compete with beer & food in Philly these days, and Phila Bar & Rest. doesn't come close to cutting it.I'm not a beer drinker, so I'll leave that part of the review to others.
I stopped in to try their chickpea burger, which I found intriguing.  I like when a place takes a regular dish and puts a spin on it.
The burger was very tasty and filling.  It reminded me of a falafel, but flat and on an onion bun.  The gouda on the burger could have been a little more generous, but it was a really good burger.  The fries were excellent as well.
It's great to have another place in the neighborhood that is relatively inexpensive, and serves up tasty food.I have been meaning to write a review of this place for awhile. It is definitely my new favorite place in old city. The space is great with a big long bar and a shorter bar othe ot her side. 
This place gets 5 stars for two reasons. For one, their food is excellent and a really good deal. I love the chickpea burger, soft-shell crab sandwich, wings, and eggplant fries are the best I've ever had (though they did recently take them off their menu which I was really sad about. Please bring them back!).  Also they have great drink specials every night on a beer. They have a large number of beers on draft and their servers def. Know their stuff with regards to food and beer. Each night they have one beer half off and they always have a great selection to choose from. 
Philadelphia bar and restaurant is a really great addition to old city as it is way more chill than a lot of the old city scene and like I said has great food and beer. They also just opened outdoor seating which is great on a nice summer night.Love PBR, it's one of my favorite neighborhood spots! Good selection of beers with a tap list that rotates & shows what's coming up next. Never really gets super crowded, pretty chill vibe. Bartenders and servers are super nice. And the food!! The Brussels sprouts are AMAZING seriously. And the butcher burger, grilled cheese and cheese steak egg rolls-- I'm hungry just thinking about it!!We come here all the time for an awesome breakfast/brunch or whatever the yuppies are calling it these days. The 'Philly Big Breakast (with Pork Roll for this guy)' never disappoints. Actually it did disappoint one time when I got one less egg than usual. Other than that, it's been most excellent.
They did a great job with rehabbing the space into something spacious and modern that doesn't make me puke.
All of this awesome is almost put into jeopardy by having a lazy pisspoor name like "Philadelphia Bar & Restaurant." It's like they fell on their face right before the finish line.
I'd also like to add that there's no point in getting dessert here when there's the best ice cream in town right across the street at Franklin Fountain.Definitely not my first choice. Not too bad. OK in a pinch.
I feel like they toe the line when it comes to their beer selections.I love this place and i agree I will always miss the old menu!!! For all you regulars out there try the wild mushroom ragout it is out of this world delicious and the lobster bisque was pretty good to. I plan on making regular visits just so I can try everything new. And have fried Oreos once in a while... The creme brûlée is amazing and I hate creme brûlée. Love the beer love the people!!The chickpea burger is by far the best veggie burger in the city.  I am embarrassed to say that I crave this burger all week long because it has been consistently amazing! If it's a busy Saturday night or slower Tuesday night, it is always freakin delicious!!I can't review the food, as I left without ordering anything, however it's my opinion that if you have an ongoing special ($1 oysters) you shouldn't run out of them early and try to 'bait and switch' people into buying more expensive oysters. Maybe I take my bivalves too seriously, but when you advertise the hell out of your special (I heard about it from no less then three different sources), you should deliver, so I say: Fuck you, Philadelphia Bar & Restaurant, I'll go to the Continental instead.First of all, this place sparked my interest when I was able to "check in" via my social pass app on my Iphone and receive a discount off my entire bill. The chipotle beer (delicious) started things off with an appetizer of fried macaroni and cheese with a tangy tomato dipping sauce. The fried mac and cheese was done well, not greasy. It was light, if that's possible. I was torn between the duck leg confit with pistachios and potatoes sauteed in duck fat or the meat loaf sandwich topped with bacon, gravy and fries. I went with the duck confit and was not disappointed. The duck was cooked perfectly and was tasty. My friends raved about their entrees, fish tacos and chick pea burger. The meal ended with delicious fried Oreos (a hundred times better than the greasy Boardwalk fare) and Tastykake Bread Pudding. This was delicious bread pudding but I did not get that butterscotch krimpet taste I was expecting. But the meal was a delicious success and I will be returning for that meat loaf sandwich!! Aklso, the service was the best I've had in a while!This is one of my new favorite places. It has everything -- great beer selection, awesome staff, great food, and good atmosphere. Oh and it's walking distance from my house. That rocks.
Some of the friendliest people work there, including the chef who is more than happy to cook things exactly the way you like them and he has great recommendations. The menu has a lot of fun things on it (like octopus, the butcher plate, etc), but also has classic bar food. 
Three cheers for PB&R!Unexpectedly great food and good service every night though days are spotty. 
(check if they are open)
My new favorite secret gem. I am a meat-eater but I love the chick-pea burger too!
Seriously good food!I stumbled upon this place after finding that Drinker's was unfortunately packed. The name itself lured me in. Who can resist PBR? The place is pretty big but when I went the table area was virtually empty. The bar; however, was super full so my friend and I grabbed a spot at the mini bar. While the rest of the bar was raised up we were sitting low at the bar to the side, reminiscent of sitting at the kid's table years past. Their happy hour prices were reasonable although my friend and I stuck with PBR. A perk of this place was the ability to also check in via Belly for a chance to receive free drinks/ food after a number of visits. The only downfall was that we were sometimes forgotten... my guess is because we weren't easily spotted from the bartender's eye level!Wow great place for happy hour or a low key date. Live music on a Friday night, relatively crowded but sitting on the side by the windows provided a nice area to still be quiet enough to talk. The guy singing was excellent and the layout is good for a group of people. Also last time I was there so was Chip Kelly so what's good for Chip is good for me!This was our second visit to PBR.  We hadn't planned to visit again not because we didn't enjoy our first visit, but because we love variety and there are tons of spots in Philly to try.  But, we were looking for a brew pub near East Market Station for a quick dinner on a Sunday and we ended up at PBR.
Service was friendly, but a little short as they seemed a little short staffed.  Drinks were great, I had the ginger lemonade alcohol beverage and I really enjoyed it.
For food, I had the fish and chips and I thought they were great.  Fish was crispy but still light.  The fries were super yummy, thin but still crispy.  My husband had the turkey chili and he thought it was great.Had another great experience here! Bell's Two Hearted Ale was on draft, win. We shared a House Made Charcuterie Board, which had Cured Pork Loin, Calves Head Brawn, and Duck Rillete. The accompaniments on the board were so interesting! Pickled Celeriac! It was SO GOOD. A really grainy mustard, and candied kumquats rounded out the board. 
We also shared a half dozen Oysters. They were Chappaqua's and Narragansett's. They were opened with care, as all the liquor inside the cup remained when they were served. They were accompanied by a Cocktail Sauce flavored Granita! The contrast of the cool granita with the oyster was fantastic. Kudos Chef. 
We also shared a interesting dish of Fresh Garbanzo Beans with Porcini Mushrooms. I had never had fresh Garbanzos prior to this and I was so impressed. They are green, and are similar in flavor to edamame but with much more gusto. They paired so well with the porcini mushrooms. 
This place KICKS ASS.Damn you Philadelphia Bar & Restaurant.....thank you for my new addiction:  oysters.  You popped my oyster cherry and you have created a monster!
Tuesdays= buck-a-shuck oysters.  They have about 3 or 4 varieties of the raw treats for $1.  My fave was the sewansecott oyster because it was meaty.  I also enjoyed the pulled pork/gorgonzola in puff pastry app and the South Hampton beer.  A nice gentlemen at the bar also let me try his gnocchi--wow!  So light and delicate!  This is how gnocchi should be done.  Apparently the German chef used to work at an authentic Italian restaurant for a few years....he did that gnocchi justice!   
All in all, I had an amazing long happy hour here and will definitely be back.  The atmosphere is super chill and the place has amazing  windows that let all that beautiful sunlight come in. The service was super friendly, and only minus 1 star for the somewhat slow/disorganized service. 
Side Note.....sup with the name? Not too creative eh?  Oh well, the food makes up for it.One the best happy hours around.  You cannot beat $2 off a stellar draft list, cheap appetizers, and $5 wings.  Let's talk about the wings for a moment, shall we?  These things are HUGE, and their house bbq sauce is excellent.  
It's a great location, the service is decent, and they have a lot of good live music on Friday and Saturday night.  It's become a stalwart on our Old City rotation.This jawn just opened, so I feel like I should be cutting them more slack, but the mediocre-to-disappointing meal I had leads me to believe that PBR is either wildly misguided or just painfully unprepared for the challenges of opening a new restaurant.
To begin, and to be fair, the space is wonderful: big, open, not presumptuous at all. Plus, I think it's great that the far end of Market is opening up a bit.
The beer list (tons of bottles, a very healthy selection of craft brews, many local) was very well curated, though drafts were only listed on a single chalkboard by the bar.
The menu seemed like it could be wonderful: a smattering of modern comfort food, classic Italian, and some semi-hip bar snacks. Once again, either the direction on these dishes is off or they really just need to play catch-up on execution.
Split between me and my guest, were:
Pickled vegetables: totally lackluster, just vinegar, not other real flavor. Could have used more sugar and salt and some seasonings. Texture on tomatoes was mushy (should have used cherries). The radish was good. Definitely needed better presentation (e.g. pickle menu at Village Whiskey, served out of a pint swing-top jar with toasts and a little ramekin of whipped ricotta)
Eggplant fries: For me, the highlight: texture was wonderful, soft and succulent on the inside with a wonderful, difficult to achieve tempura-style crunch around it. However, they were painfully salty. To the point that I'm sure it was just an accident, an executional flaw not meant to be an aspect of the dish. The sauce it came with was uniquely unmemorable.
Fish tacos: one of my favorite Mexican dishes which gets little-to-no love in Philly had a lot of things working for it, but plenty working against it. Served as two medium-sized piles of fish and veg. on squares of flour tortilla, I was kind of confused. The presentation seemed to compete a bit with the modern-casual vibe. The fish was a well-handled tilapia filet (hate that fish, but it does well here) the vegetables was a kind of crunchy slaw in a nicely tangy sauce which cut through the other flavor nicely. Biggest qualms: the hair-thin shreds of purple cabbage were aesthetically pleasing, but were too long and thin so as to feel ticklish and awkward going down your throat, akin to the fluff inside an artichoke. And the tortillas were bland, doughy, cold, and too small. Squares of mass-produced, room-temp tortillas were the biggest detractor. Fix that and the cabbage and it could be a great dish. 
PBLT: Hopping on the pork belly train, this dish felt completely forced: the pork belly somehow found a way to be dry and stringy, the bread was ALL wrong: a mediocre white bread burnt on one side and barely toasted on the other. Decent tomatoes, an unnecessary pancetta mayo (mayo=good, muddled pork flavor clouding your palette=bad) and some crispy lettuce rounded out the impression that this was a hip twist on a classic, but portion size, execution, and even the direction of this barely qualified it as a sandwich.
And, throughout this experience, service was fairly atrocious: different servers kept poking their heads in at the wrong moments, interrupting conversations awkwardly, mixing up menu items, etc. I remember thinking that the people out the window on the 30-person line at Franklin Fountain were having a better service experience. Table was wobbly and they didn't offer to move us to one of the half dozen or so open two-tops.
The worst part of all of this, is that it will totally succeed: a watered-down gastropub at 2nd and Market with good beer, resonable prices, and such a great space will make a killing, provided they don't make any drastic mistakes. Maybe they're not trying to do anything exciting, but they should at least do it well.
Will come back in 4-5 months when they get their act together.Hey PBR,
It's me, one of your regulars.  My boyfriend and I have loved having you as our neighborhood joint, but your recent menu change is threatening our relationship.  Please bring back your old gooey chickpea burger, the panzanella, the salad with dried cherries, and short rib puffs.  Beer selection, atmosphere, and service are enough to keep us coming back for drinks, but nothing on your new menu has me excited about going back for dinner.  We've tried a few times, and I'm just not getting my usual I-need-some-yummy-PBR-food-in-my-belly-now cravings anymore.  Sorry.I haven't made it over to Olde City much, and essentially picked Philadelphia Bar and Restaurant (PBR) out of a hat when looking for a place to eat prior to catching a movie at Ritz East.  It was a gorgeous spring day and the best thing about our meal was people watching in the ever-lengthening line at Franklin Fountain next door.  
We had a few beers, a burger, a veggie burger, and some eggplant "fries" as a starter.  The veggie burger was good, although notably spicy and was served with too much white stuff that looked like mayo but must have been some sort of gouda per the menu description.  I will give PBR an A for inventiveness with the eggplant fries appetizer, but the "crispy" fries were quite gooey & oozy in the middle; I have to give them a C for execution.  
The setup with relatively few and easily movable tables along with the two bars and several large flatscreens definitely made it seem like its a ridiculous place to hang out in the evenings, but for lunch it was just okay.  
We'd go back and eat again and try out some different menu options, but we probably won't make an effort to do so.This bar is atrocious. 
1: there was not a soul to greet us when we walked in on a Sunday afternoon. 
     we basically sat ourselves at the bar to get food service because it must've been      illegal to sit at the heavenly tables. 
2: it took the bartender ashley a whole 7 MINUTES before she even said hello to us. In a dead empty bar 
3: I asked for a menu and she walked away before asking us if we wanted drinks. At a bar. 
4. It took her another 10 minutes to come back and take our drink orders. AT A BAR. (mind you we were 2 of 7 people total in the entire place.)
5: After giving us our drinks she didnt bother to make an attempt at asking me if I wanted to order anything to eat. You know. Since i asked for a menu and all.
6: She proceeded to ignore us (literally never once looked at us and had her back to us talking to her friends) for another 32 minutes before coming back to see if maybe i was still hungry. At which point, I was not and more so disgusted by the lack of customer service and general courtesy. I did not order. She didn't get a tip and we walked out. 
I will never come here again and I will let others know about the shitty service and even shitier bartenders.
Farewell PB&R! 
Sincerely,
- Disappointed and disturbedAwesome fried Mac n' cheese! Great beer list and service too!After only six months, Old City Asian Bistro gets a strong competitor for the coveted "Least Effort put into Naming a Restaurant" award...
I'm not sure how I feel about Philadelphia Bar and Restaurant.  The space/crowd was nice - lots of tables and about 75% occupancy on a Friday at 7pm, which is a perfect sweet spot as far as I'm concerned.   The $2.50 Octoberfishes, (again, on a Friday early evening) were awesome and the service was spot on.  All pluses so far.
But the food was just, I dunno, weird.  I ordered the butcher plate, expecting traditional charcuterie based upon the minimal menu description, and got a) a small but delicious round of what may have been barbeque pulled beef, b) a shotglass full of melon shaved ice surrounded by your typical smoked pig product and c) some coffee cake-like pastries with what may have been liver on them.  It was definitely not what I expected, which isn't a bad thing, but the portions were pretty damn small, and it's the kind of dish that deserves a better menu description than "various prepared meats, seasonal condiments".
And, for an entree, I had the chickpea burger.  The patty was unlike anything I've had before - thick, sweet, and swimming in aioli.  It was tasty at first, but I have a tough time with large quantities of creamy sauces, and soon the swimming turned into drowning.  I could see other people enjoying the whole thing, but it was too heavy for my tastes.
I'll definitely be back, since the food was pretty unique and the drink specials were fantastic, but at this point I can't say I recommend it.  It's a welcomed addition to Old City, at any rate - I'm curious to see what the crowd looks like after 10pm.The food was great and they have a good beer selection for a good price. We got the PBR burger, pulled pork, fish something something, meat tasting appetizer, and a dark chocolate cheery wine dessert. Everything delicious. The burger was my favorite and came at a good price (10$ with fries!).  The meat tray was interesting (with tongue and pureed chicken liver) and very well prepared and delicious. The dessert was out of this world. The wine and cherries complimented the dark chocolate wonderfully. This is your place if ya looking for some upscale bar food in old city and don't want to over pay for it. Inside the bar is very nice as well. Open and not too dark like many other pubish places. Check it out.It's on Market street, so buyer be ware.  Honestly though, I have never had a bad time here.  Granted, it's only been for beers and appetizers but it's all around not bad.  It's not a destination spot but I think it's good for what it is.  They have a decent beer selection, mucho TVs, and enough food to keep you satisfied.  The staff is friendly so keep calm and drink on.Stumbled across this place on a lazy Sunday afternoon. Immediately fell head-over-heels in love with the beer list. So many interesting choices on draft! My friend and I actually left there and went back the first time since no other bars sounded as appealing after we stepped out. I didn't eat or look at the menu on my first visit. Yesterday, however, I did get a chance to peruse the menu and I have to say the choices of food are as intriguing and hard-to-choose-between as the beer options. Prices are great too! I had the short rib puffs, and they were delicate and delicious, and came out just as described in the menu. This is one of my new go-to places. YUM.Have been back a few times since my initial review, I have tried the chickpea burger which is very good, and a lox platter which was perfect.
Food prices are sort of oddly priced sandwiches run around $10 but some appetizers seem too expensive for the place, overall I would consider the prices inexpensive, even cheap for some things for the area.
Make sure you ask which beers are on special, usually they have a few decent drafts most recently they had a $3 special for Oskar Blues!The food at this place is overpriced. We came to eat here because we were on a mini pilgrimage to the Franklin Fountain (also pretty overpriced) and needed real food before the sugar dive. 
The appetizers are the first thing I noticed - they range from 6-12 bucks or so. My cousin got 2 scallops on his dish and he said they were no good (fishy tasting). My sister got some grilled bread salad which was also REALLY tiny - you can make that same dish without spending 8 bucks.
They both got burgers & I got the chickpea burger, which was good, if a little light on flavor (I dug the texture). The fries were delicious but I mean, so were the fries I had at some other place, so whatever. You have to request them for a $1 extra - otherwise they give you house-made chips.
I'd say the best thing about this place is the beer selection - great variety and not too expensive. Definitely just come here for a drink & possibly a snack.Great Food, good beer selection, good prices, happy hour on Friday night.
The Food:
My Philly Foody friend and I started off with the crispy eggplant fries, fried mac 'n' cheese, and rib puffs to get a taste of what they had to offer.  Everything was delicious, and the portions were big enough for the two of us to call it a light meal.  We weren't in for a light meal, this was my last meal in Philly.
Being my last night in Philly, I had to go with the scrapple cheesesteak.  A nice little heart attack (scrapple topped with a fried egg and wrapped up in some bread) with a side of house-made chips.  Even if you're not a fan of scrapple, this was a damn good sandwich and worth the long run I had to take the follow day to get my heart beating normal again.
Five stars for the food.
The Beer:
Great Philly beer selection.  Eventually Philly beer grew on me (I'm a Northwest kid), and was pleased to see the strong presence and variety of Philly brews.  To top it off, they had a beer special on Friday night!  Still, I would have loved to see a real hoppy IPA on tap.
Four stars for the beer
The Service:
Super friendly and accommodating, made great food/beer recommendations, could have been a little more present at times.  
Four stars for the service.
The Prices:
This was the best part.  We ate well, drank a little too well, and still got out with a very modest bill for a Friday night dinner.  Well worth the cost.
Five stars for the prices, and a strong enough five star to round up for the overall review.  
Great place, highly recommended for you and a few friends to go and sample the menu.Great Beer selection Great Vibe...Shawn Gormley (owner, proprietor, barkeep etc.) really "feels it"...very well selected craft beers and great Happy Hour prices and selections...excellent music, excellent location, excellent beer (I did not eat there, but they were very helpful with Italian restaurant selections nearby)...very glad I stumbled in....Old Time Philly style Ice Cream sodas across the street...good stuff...My wife and I visited this restaurant to have drinks and a late lunch.
We were greeted at the door by an employee who was ambivalent regarding where we sat and provided no guidance regarding inside, outside or bar seating. We chose to sit at the bar, ordered drinks and got menus. We asked if the Cheese Plate and/or the Charcuterie Plate were recommended, and if they were suitable for two people to split. We were told they would be. We weren't familiar with several of the cheeses listed so we asked about them and the bartender disappeared looking for information on them. It took about 15 minutes to finally place our order for the food and there was practically no one in the place. The bartender was eating, wandering around the restaurant and generally ignoring us while we waited for the food to arrive. We waited at least 30 minutes for the food to be served and we were shocked at the miniscule meat and cheese portions. The meat was sliced so thin it was literally transparent and very, very greasy. We had selected two types of cheese and very little of each were provided. Four or five bites and the Charcuterie Plate was literally finished with exception of the over abundance of sliced bread. They were the skimpiest Cheese and Charcuterie plates I've ever ordered in any restaurant and I travel over 100,000 air miles annually. I dine in restaurants all over the globe.
We then ordered wings as we were starving. Again, we asked if the wings were recommended. The wings were delivered and they were coated with hot blue cheese sauce. It was on the wings and not as dipping sauces, something that should have been made clear when we ordered the wings but it was not. The wings were very spicy.
Most of the employees, including the manager, seemed more intent on socializing than service. The bartender clearly didn't care if we were informed on menu items or our preferences.
Our visit consisted of very small portions, very little value for money, zero value added from our server and a long wait for a very below average experience.PBR...I don't get it...Why isn't this place packed all the time?!  I wanted everything on the menu.  So of course, I settled on wings.  They weren't just buffalo...they were amazing, crunchy, cheesy and delicious.  This place is great to watch the game and relax!  Will definitely be back!!On a whim, my roommate and I came here after reading about their new $1 raw oyster special. We decided to sit at the bar to eat and watch the Phillies vs. Mets game. 
Since this was going to be our first time having raw oysters we started by each ordering a couple of the $1 oysters. A little lemon juice, tabasco, and a little of the vinegar sauce and down the hatch they went...and we loved it! They were so good we ordered a half dozen more of the Sewansecott oysters as well as a few of the the Kusshi oysters ($2.50). Overall, the Sewansecotts were our fave (very meaty and not a lot of grit). I also very much enjoyed my beer: the Southampton Biere De Mars, NY (6.5% abv); not too hoppy, tinge of sweetness and very smooth finish. Because the oysters were clearly not going to fill us, we also ordered the short rib puffs, which had tender, juicy meat complimented by creamy gorgonzola cheese and flaky puff pastry. Simply put: de-lish.
My only complaints are that they ran out of the $1 oysters very quickly (slick move PBR!) and our service was slow. A few times the bartenders were too busy chatting with friends than paying attention to customers' needs. Overall, I enjoyed my food and beer and will most likely be coming back soon, but a service upgrade is def in order.I had fairly low expectations as the place was pretty empty the first time i went. However, the food and friendly service was a pleasant surprise. I had the chickpea burger which was a smokey taste explosion (easily my fav on the menu) and fries which were greasily crisped to perfection.
 Since then I've been back plenty of times in different company and at different times (afternoon to late night)...what can I say, it's the closest restaurant to me and Im a tad lazy sometimes. But also, its delicious upscale bar food (who doesn't love that?!), reasonably priced, never crowded and almost always good service.
The one blight was a server who looked exceptionally young and so I (eventually) forgave the fact that she could pronounce nothing on the cheese or wine list and make no recommendations.Went here mainly for drinks, but also for some food before going to see a movie at the Ritz East. This review is mostly for the beer, so I'll get the food part out of the way real quick: 
I had the fried mac and cheese; it was awesome. 
Now onto the beer. They had a very good draft list, and the service was friendly and even though I had an empty beer glass a few times, I won't hold that against them. What I will hold against them is putting a Nugget Nectar in a 10oz glass. A 7.5% ABV is not so high that it needs a smaller glass; even Troegs' website suggests a pint glass. Also, they didn't have all of their beers listed on their draft boards (which are impossible to see unless you're right in the middle of the restaurant), and when our waiter offered up a draft list, he handed us a note card with chicken scratch all over it. 
I'll actually give waiter credit that the card he gave us was his own reference sheet, so he went a little beyond the call of duty. 
All in all, I did have a good time, the food was good and everyone who worked there was quite pleasant and accommodating. They just need to get their beer game in check.First, this is a plea to the proprietor's of Philadelphia Bar & Restaurant (PBR) - DON'T GET RID OF THE MAC 'N CHEESE!!! It doesn't matter that it is made with delicious, gooey gouda and that a ton of other items on the menu are too. Get rid of those items, not the mac n' cheese!!! It's so creamy and savory and just mmm mmm good (sorry Campbell's)! 
This place has decent eats and a good beer selection. Beware of Friday's entertainment - he's talented but for some reason the volume is overly loud to the point where all I can think is, "shut the f*** up!" I really needed to get that off my chest =)
Chickpea burger is great (though it falls apart a little) as are the cheese steak spring rolls. The quesadilla can be amazing, except when it's not. There's a bit of a consistency issue at PBR, but more often than not your experience will be pleasant. Definitely a great place to grab food and drinks with friends or a destination for a casual date (plus Franklin Fountain is right across the street for dessert).
PBR has made its way into our list of go-to spots for a chill start to the night. Have the mac 'n cheese and you'll always want to come back!oh old city, i had just about given up on you. but now i have a new and seriously valid reason to make my way down there. 
Philadelphia Bar & Restaurant seems so relevant, so PHILLY and so RIGHT NOW - the food, the decor (wide open/spacious, with huge windows) and the beers (12 craft beers on tap and 20+ bottle selections).
From the minute we walked in, we were super psyched about the 2 huge bars running down the sides of the right and left walls. Next, I saw Dogfish 90min on tap, and as far as I'm concerned, as a bar PBR won me over. 
Then there was the FOOD. When you look at the menu, and you want to try EVERYTHING, you know this place is going to be good. I've heard that they will continue to expand the menu to include full entree plates etc, but from what they offer so far, it's EXCELLENT. I mean, with Chef Jordan Sauter who used to be the chef at Modo Mio (which, was one of my favorite restaurants in the city), how can you go wrong, right? And it totally lives up to it.
WHAT WE ATE
*PBLT: pork belly confit + iceberg + tomato + pancetta mayo
Do I really have to explain how good this was? the pork belly was thick and tender and super flavorful, and I really appreciated the restraint with the pancetta mayo; it was the perfect amount applied. The iceberg gave it nice crunch and of course refreshing tomato. God, I wish they'd bring this to center city so I could have it during lunch.
*fish tacos: crispy tilapia + pickled onions + shaved cabbage
Ok, for me, this is now my favorite fish taco in Philly. Mind you, it is pure fried fish, fresh cabbage with the tartness from the pickled onions. The flavors are perfect IMO,  but FYI, this fish taco doesn't come with guac or mayo. Nothing to mask the flavors of the fish and veggies. 
*crispy wings: stilton dressing
The surprising part about these wings were that they don't come with bleu cheese. I know.. your reaction is probably... "say whaaaaaa" cuz ours was. HOWEVER, it totally does not need it. At all. AND, I say this with supreme confidence because the BF usually slathers his wings with bleu cheese and though the server did bring us some (per our request), he didn't end up using any at all (other than to dip french fries!) These wings are super unique and tangy and appropriately spicy. a MUST order. 
*pickled veggies: seasonal veggies, including carrots, radishes, string beans, cucumbers etc
The awesome thing about the pickled veggies were that the portion was very generous and the pickling flavors were mild. Subtle pickled flavors, not like in-your-face vinegary pickle punch. I think these are perfect for a snack with your beer and fries. 
*grilled octopus
I actually can't remember all of the accoutrement that this dish came with because our server recommended it and it's not on the official menu yet, but DAMN this was good. It's with this kind of dish, with the perfectly cooked octopus (my friend said it was the best one he's ever had), where you see the genius in execution. This is where PBR will truly be recognized as a great "gastro-pub." Well, the octopus and the smart way they are re-interpreting our American classics. 
A few of our friends have raved about the Chickpea burger as well, so MUST MUST MUST return for this.
On a final note, the waitstaff here is also STELLAR. So often, a bar/restaurant can ruin the experience by paying little attention to the caliber of their staff. Well, PBR is def not one of those places. Every single person we encountered was helpful, knowledgeable, enthusiastic and.... attractive. hahahahaha. c'mon. you know that is a nice to know.  :)I love this place because I can take my parents here for a good beer, or come here with friends on a Saturday night and still have a great time. The food here is also surprisingly good, with a good pasta special on rotation at all times. The space is very well designed, to boot.
Great neighborhood bar!The wings...they have blu cheese buffalo sauce baked into them. It's very peculiar because upon arrival, your wings look sickly - almost as if they're puckered with unusual blisters. But these mini balls that cover the crispy fried wings are actually little chunks of awesome cheese.
If you're a vegetarian, the wings are worth ordering, just so you can suck the sauce off of them. No meat eating required. Just finger licking business.I live in the area and have stopped here a couple times for Brunch knowing I'll be able to be seated immediately.  Brunch doesn't seem to get too much of a crowd, which is a shame cause their food has always been stellar.  The Crab Cake Benedict has been one of the best Benedict's in the Old City area.  Unfortunately their service has been slow, but since I'm never in a rush I don't mind.   
On Friday I came with some friends for dinner for the first time.  I was pleasantly surprised with the service, very attentive and got the food in decent timing.  So the service is looking up since the last time I was there.  All of the food was really great.  Loved the Fried Cauliflower and my boyfriend loves the Meatloaf sandwich.  Also like the other reviewer mentioned the Fried Oreo's are amazing...pretty much drool worthy.Wow! What a refreshing change of pace for Old City. We had lunch on a Sunday and the atmosphere was very warming. We all shared a few plates which were all really good. The Pork Belly Confit BLT with Pancetta Mayo was out of this world, very tender and served on artisan bread. The Chickpea Burger with Heirloom Tomato, smoked Gouda, and crispy shallots was hands down the best vegetarian dish I've had in years. Kudos to Chef Jordan Sauter for not having vegetarian options as an after thought. The Fried Mac-n-Cheese with tomato dipping sauce was fun and a great dish to share with friends while watching Football on one of the many flat screen TV's throughout the bar. 
       One of the things I liked the most was the open feel of PBR. One of my biggest complaints about Old City Bars and Restaurants is that they tend to be cramped and dark. PBR has big beautiful windows and a wide open space which wraps around the corner. We brought our 2 year old daughter and the staff could not have been more accommodating and friendly. We did get to try something that was not on the menu yet...a Chocolate Pot De Creme with boozy cherries and salt. It was to die for! 
I am really looking forward to returning to PBR as I hear the menu will be steadily growing as the days go on. Congrats PBR, you kick ass.Not a bad spot for some beers and snacks.  Plenty of tv's in case you're more interested in watching the game over your dates shoulder.
Not a whole lot of vegetarian options, but enough.  I had the blackened fish tacos.  They were good; nothing special.  I was about to order the chickpea burger until I saw the enormity of it.  
I finished off the Flying Fish F.U. Sandy keg for them.  ;)Olde City's been taking a brutal beating on the PR front, but PBR is changing things for the better.  Its about time Olde City had its own legit modern style craft/gastro.
Having Dogfish 90, Troeg's Hop Back, and Flying Fish Pumpkin (as of this writing) on tap, with their ridiculous bottle list, makes this more than a legit spot just for the beer. (I've seen 90 on tap maybe twice?).  
But the food, man, the food. You can see the influence of the Modo Mio (and a bit of Paesano's) background in the menu,  Italian flair on a menu that 's definitely Philly.  Scrapple Cheesesteak anyone?  I loved the PBLT and Fried Mac n Cheese and would come back just for that.  But then I wouldn't get to try the Chickpea Burger and the Panzanella, which I've heard raves about. Will be back.
Per previous review, they just opened and you're going to whine about not having a couple beers in stock?  When City Taphouse opened their beer list, while tremendous, was a clusterf*ck (the beers that were "on tap" were actually in queue to be tapped, and the ones we wanted were out). Too early to call them out on that.
This place rocks, and Olde City is lucky to have it.  You don't have to go South Philly or Fishtown to grab a delicious brew and a bite anymore, there's a quality spot on Market and Front.  However, if you wanna get your Olde City JERSEY SHORE FISTPUMP on, those spots are just a block away.  GTL!Deliciousness at its finest! Above average bar food and an amazing beer list - a must stop shop in old city,  this place will make me think twice before eye rolling when someone suggests a trek to old city! 
Must try the cheese dip for the fries- delicious!Have been here a couple of times for drinks, dinner and lunch. The chickpea burger is delicious. It has melted Gouda cheese....that's all i have to say :-)
Food is great, beer selection is great, good vibe and environment. A great date place.
No problems i've found just yet...."PBR" (which ironically does not have PBR on its beer list) just opened a week ago - and has some kinks to work out.
And friend and I were looking for a place to watch the Phils game and saw PBR wasn't crowded and fairly low volume inside, so we gave it a try.
The beer list itself had most standards: Yuengling, the Millers, Coronas, plus a decent mix of local micros and imports.  Was a little perplexed that a place that seems to present itself as more "upscale" in bar terms would have High Life on tap, instead of something more common such as Blue Moon (not that blue moon is upscale..).  My opinion, if  you want MHL, go to the college-y Drinkers or Lucy's.  
First kink: BEER SUPPLY - Unfortunately, they were OUT of our first THREE beer choices (Weyerbacher Pumpkin, Franziskaner Hefe, and Hoegaarden.  I realize the place just opened and maybe had a big weekend, but it was Wednesday - the beer delivery should have occurred already.  That knocks it down a couple stars right there, coupled with no real specials for the night.
The menu was simple, but more "fancy" than your typical bar fare, included such items as a cheese plate appetizer, chickpea burger, fried mac & cheese, and a scrapple cheesesteak topped with a fried egg.
Fried Mac n Cheese was great, didn't even need the tomatoey dipping sauce (which sorta of tasted like a freshly opened can of diced tomatoes anyway).  Scrapple Cheesesteak was...interesting.  Not bad, if you like scrapple.  Worth trying for the "novelty" of it.  It was served with some fairly decent homemade potato chips.
Second Kink: TV Issue - Brand new place with 4 flat panel tvs - one of the four already has a technical issue making the picture staticky and twitchy - hard to follow a game on.  Where I was sitting, it was the only one in view.  Nothing to drop a star, but since we're out to watch a game, it was more than slightly annoying.
The one high point was our server Karen!  Very talky, and a Phils fan, so we had some great conversations.For an Old City bar  PBR is a fairly tame option, service was organized and super friendly.
For a gastropub all of the food I tried fell flat. I tried to order their chickpea burger which was sold out while I was there. My food was fine but it was only bar food.
Good beer list, in my opinion most beers were priced a dollar or two too high.
Decent bar friendly staff, okay food, and slightly overpriced.congrats to shawn g!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! you did it. the space is great. feels like a nyc pub. the staff is amazing. the menu looks promising. its in old city, but minus the douchebaggary. no snookies in site. this is a place to hang. for hours or days. the best part? open for brunch. yaaaayyyyyy weekend day drunk!!!!! my fav! this place will no doubt become a staple in philly. finally a reason to go back to old city. and i wont feel out of place for not wearing a "bump it" in my hair, or bad plastic shoes.This is a great bar for big groups! They have so much space and seating. Their food and beer list is extensive. I love the chickpea burger, and I have gone back to order it many times (even takeout)!2.5 at best.  Food was just OK. I got the fish tacos. There were only two. They were good but the rice that came with it was inedible. My wife got the pulled pork sandwich which was big but lacking flavor.  I got a pint of Bells cherry stout (7% abv). Found out only when I got the bill it was $9. Wtf?! The beer list wasn't bad but poorly constructed. Half the beers on tap were stouts in June.Michelle and I stopped in during Beer Week with friends of ours for their happy hour. All taps were $3....SCORE! Tried a few Weyerbokers that I had never tasted (Zulu & Verbotten) and a Left Hand Twin Sisters. All were at proper temperature and delish. Order the wings and house made hummus which were both very tasty.  Thought that the rest of their menu prices were all over the place from reasonable to kind of expensive. Although we sat at the bar the service was lackadasical. Overall good beers at the right price so I wouldn't think twice to stop in for beers and muchies.Hello! PBR servers might know me as "that crazy that likes to come in, order something, take a bite, and return it". Surprisingly, this is not my normal style. I'm extraordinarily lenient when it comes to what I'm served at restaurants. 
The only difference is that I'm not sure what they're serving at PBR is actually edible. 
The first time? I wanted to give them the benefit of the doubt. When my meatloaf sandwich came out to me so overcooked that the meatloaf was frighteningly hard? I just asked if they had actually prepared it with meatloaf. When I was reassured that it was indeed meatloaf? I thought maybe it was an off night for them. They do have decent fries with gouda dip and some meh fried mac and cheese, so I didn't want to pass judgement this time around. 
I came back in tonight in the mood to give PBR's dinner fare another chance. Passing up the $16 duck, I saw two very delicious words: "pork belly". On a sandwich, yes, but how can you go wrong with wonderful, succulent pork belly? 
Shame on me. 
What came to the table didn't resemble pork belly, bacon, or anything remotely porcine. The first thing that came to mind when trying to chew through it was "shoe leather". When my dining partner came around, I invited her to try it and she actually took the pork belly out, claiming the only part of the sandwich worth eating was the homemade mayonnaise. Well. 
Never again, PBR. I've read that your chef has a strong desire to only ever cook meat "his way", which seems to be cooking it until all manner of flavor or fluid has been stripped away. 
Come here for booze or atmosphere or the mediocre small plates. No matter how drunk you are, stay away from the dinners. You're better off stumbling into IHOP.This a bar, not a restaurant... with mediocre entrees.  It's fine if you want to drink beer and have some bar appetizers, but if you are looking for a meal go somewhere else or you will be disappointed by both the food and the inexperienced, slow, haphazard service.This place used to be a five-star, but the food options are not as good as they used to be in my opinion.  The chickpea burger used to be one of my favorite entrees in the city but they made it into a pseudo falafel and it's not that good anymore. 
The house salad used to have a cheese and cranberries and was just insanely awesome, now it's just greens and dressing.
Hopefully they can get back to five star status.  The beer selection and service is great though.Been a fan of this place since it opened.  I was glad when a normal bar (not an overpriced night club) opened in Old City.  The food is great (I recommend the wings).    They always have good cocktails and great draft beer list.  Definitely one of my favorite places to get a drink and eat some bar food in Old City.I can't believe the hype about this place! I hated this place, and am offended by them, and here's why:
The food was mediocre.  The pulled pork sliders were tender, but flavorless.  The fried egglant was greasy, soggy and mushy and the cheese emulsion sauce they gave with it totally did not go with the dish, not that there was much that could save it.  It was greasy eggplant paired with oily, fatty bland sauce. They should have paired it with something tangy or bright, maybe even spicy.  I'm not a chef, but even I understand the concept of contrast.  Now they I think of it, it was basically a failed version of eggplant tempura.
And the drinks, ugh!  I ordered a martini, and I've never had such a watered down martini in my life.  It was water, olive juice and some ice floating around in it.  When I complained to the waiter, he was basically like "well, whaddy gonna do?"
My gf's cocktail was equally offensive.  Then, as if that weren't enough suffering, we decided to order mussels, thinking things could only get better. WRONG!  The mussels where bland and not garlicky.  The sauce was completely one dimensional.  There was too much chorizo, just way off balance.  I left half of it uneaten, and I never leave anything uneaten. I hate to waste food.
I honestly cannot understand why this place has such good press. Is it just hype?  A case of the emperor's clothes? A bunch of ignorant foodie bloggers just blindly following in the next big trend? Who knows? Just count me out of this one.The only reason I'm not giving PBR a 5 Star is because I've yet to have the fried mac n'cheese, which I hear is to die for.  
I stopped in on a Friday night with a girlfriend after the Phillies game.  There was good music, good looking people & best of all great bartenders.  Not sure of the name but we ordered a pumpkin beer which was so yum!  The burger was simple yet so flavorful.  I can't wait to come back to try so much more of the menu.  Everyone I've talked to about the food says I won't be disappointed.