This mall.. is dark. It was good like back on 2001. But now.. a lot of dead bulbs, broken tvs, smokers right at the entrance, more dead bulbs. Good stores has turned into outlets. Funny that Philadelphia Premium Outlets looked brighter at night than this mall.
Not sure about the food at the food court. But yeah, this mall was good way back. I don't know what happen..
I think most people still go there because of DnB. Not sure though.. They seriously in need of a better management.The parking lot is notorious for break-INS and vandalism; park with other cars and don't go to this mall after dark. Write down where you parked and remember which entrance you used; this place is gigantic.
The long hallways encourage kids in heely shoes to run rampant, so be aware. Don't expect to get anywhere fast if you're there at a crowded time, either.Took some of the relatives from out of Country there Sunday, they liked it, but I usually only venture to the most 2-3 stores. They walked pro dominantly the whole length of mall, Wow..I like to get in & Out, especially when I worked there years ago. Couldn't really shop, since they weren't Saks Off 5th , or Nordstroms gals like me., So I'll save it for another time.Being the bargain hunter I am this mall looked promising. 
Alas, it became clear that this was one of Dante's circles of hell. 
Large slow-moving crowds with no destination circle the endless hallways with strollers. Kids with "heelys" zooming annoyingly ahead of their care-takers in small herds. You must resist the urge to clothes-line or trip them. If you escape these, it is only a moment before you get accosted by someone selling some sort of "Dead Sea salt" concoction. Pulling your hand away to freedom you try to flee but you are now trapped behind a wall of strollers in a never-ending hallway.Lackluster shopping experience. Shoplifters running from security through the mall ! Skip it.I've shopped at the Saks and Neiman's Last Call here...  not as good as other locations I've visited but you might find something you love if you're lucky.  Last Call's shoe section is pitiful though!
Just go to Woodbury, if you can, especially on their holiday sale days.I don't care for this mall. Shoe stores upon shoe stores upon shoe stores. The food courts suck. The crowd isn't the greatest either (especially since attaching Wal-Mart to it, eeek) . The only thing it's good for is Marshalls and Vitamin World. Other than that, you won't catch me wandering around. I only go there when I know what I need!What happened to this place?????  This use to be THE mall in Philly, but its apparent this place just ain't what it use to be.  You can still find some decent items there, but I'd prefer going elsewhere if your intention is to do some serious shopping. My 15 yr old son loves the place, but he's from Dallas so any place outside of Texas looks good to him.  Whenever I'm in town my first choice will always be to go somewhere else.I like the layout of this mall. I have been there a few times whenever I traveled from my other state (Ohio). The one store that I look towards shopping is the United Colors of Benetton Store.  
In my travels to Pa, me and my parents and siblings and even friends used to meet each other and shop here for a shirt or even shoes.This mall is okay, it's close to us so we go to  hit the stores that aren't in Neshaminy or Oxford Valley. The mall is usually pretty clean. My only problem is the crowd that is there. But all in all a good mall.Both Off 5th Ave. and Neiman Marcus Last call are there. There are not many malls that have both in the US.
and their selections are not bad.
oh,it's TAX FREE for apparel and shoes in PA.Nothing like the Simon Malls I'm used to. No-name stores and outdated name brands. Unexpectedly disappointed. A large space with little worth shopping around.If you can't deal with the Franklin Mills Mall; STAY HOME.  First off; deep deep discounts.  Second off; it has air conditioning.  Third off; there's a cookie store.  Fourth off; each area is called a neighborhood. 
YES there are weirdos here but there are weirdos everywhere.  YES it's very long and maybe not very well planned out but so is West Philly and I don't see you giving them negative yelp reviews? 
In conclusion if you are my friend and you have a car I will always ask you to take me to Franklin Mills.Except for Modell's and the movie theater, this mall is a dump and long past it's glory.  Most of the food courts are "available," tons of empty stores are in this mall, and I just don't feel safe in the parking lot at night.  There are other malls in the area that are much better.Massive outlet mall a few decent stores like Nike & Modells, but now old & datedGood mall but the people that shop are ignorantWow, this place has really gone down since it's heyday like 5 or 6 years ago.
Now it's really just a collection of mid-tier retail outlets with barely any foot traffic even during peak times.  So why the decent review?
The reason is - oddly enough I always end up finding some ridiculous bargain here.  This time around it was some dirt cheap Superdry shirts in Nieman Marcus.  In the past my lady bought some ridiculously cheap clothes at Liz Claiborne.  She also got some mad cheap stuff from Aeropostale.  Not to mention, I also scored some very good jeans/shirts at Ecko here at pretty rock bottom prices.  There just always seems to be that one or two odd stores that hold a crazy dirt cheap sale around here - even if the overall quality of the mall has gone down considerably.
It's a shame because this place has a good amount of retail space.  But even when the damn Popeye's moves out - things don't look so hot.  But at least they have a movie theater and a Dave & Busters here for people who are looking to be mildly entertained while other folks go shopping.  
Would I say this is a reason to go to Philly?  Hell no.  But if you're on the way there and want to stop by and see if you can score a good deal, this place still has value.
Plus, I'm sure traffic will pick up once the Wal-Mart moves into the old Boscov's space.The worst customer service. The store is filthy and the employees are miserable and the Manager should be fired.Yes this mall is ghetto & the layout is confusing, but if you can get past that it is a decent place to shop. I spent a good amount of time here one night and don't think I covered the entire mall because I know there were some stores I wanted to go in but didn't even pass by. Still this is not as confusing as King Of Prussia where, as many times as I've been there still don't think I walked the whole thing. (And obviously this is no King of Prussia) Even though this is an outlet, not everything has outlet prices, I'd say from the stores I went int 50% did and the other half didn't. Anyway not a bad place considering the clientele.I've been coming here for years for affordable clothing. That new 6.99 store across Jasmine is amazing. I think the store was called Austin 5.This place used to be called "Franklin Mills" but they changed it's name to "Philadelphia Mills". There's definitely a modern take to it this time around and there are more stores here.This is a great discount mall.
You can really get the best bargains ever.  Try  Banana Republic, Ann Taylor, Gap, Saks, 9 West...the possibilities are endless.  The ride is not too bad either. It's only about 30 minutes from the Main Line and so worth it. 
Pros: Worth the drive! Quality clothing at half the price! 
Cons: Bathrooms could be cleaner.On trouve presque tout pour se vêtir à des tarifs incroyables. Pas de taxes en sus en Pennsylvanie c'est donc l'occasion de refaire sa garde-robe en T-shirts, chaussures., jeans et autres chemises à bon compteThis place has seen better days.
I remember when I used to come here in my childhood and it seemed like an adventure; now its just fond memories.
They have 2 food courts (with a auntie annies in the middle of the 'mall').
If you live in the neighborhood, it's ok but Neshaminy is one of the better ones in the area.
They have lots of large slow-moving crowds of teens that roam the mall and the overall clientelle in the mall is kind of like the mall itself: cheap and worn out.
I'd avoid this mall at all costs.For the record I hate shopping and or malls... This is perhaps the greatest mall in North America.  I could marathon people watch here.  When I was 11 my mom took me here to get a pair of Z Cav seconds.  Putting this mecca of bargains into words is tough... Picture what would happen if someone tried to make a DMX video into an off Broadway production.This place is extremely dumpy and not up to the standard of other MIlls Malls.  Even the stores I was interested in shopping in like Tommy Hilfiger did not have very much inventory.  There are much better malls than this one like The Promenade, King of Prussia.I really don't understand all the negative reviews this place gets... I mean really... the best selection of outlets, in my opinion that isn't too far away from Philly. Quite honestly I prefer the ones in Lancaster but these are not that bad...
There's your big name stores like Old Navy, H&M, Burlington Coat Factory, Fifth Avenue, Nautica, Polo... I mean there are quite a few and they always have good sales, you just have to look for them. They also have the small no name stores, but those are the best because you can always get cheap stuff...
SHOES! I have never had so many options for shoes! Whenever I really need something that I don't feel like spending a fortune one because it's a one time thing or whatnot I go here... 
I have never had a break-in in the parking lot or ever seen anything violent.. and I've been here more than once at all times of years.
P.S. Black friday here is not worth it. (personal opinion)Pros:
This is a huge mall, and if you had to, you could probably kill a LOT of time here just walking around. It's true that you can find some incredible deals here at some of the outlets. There are a TON of stores in this mall. Sometimes the place is dead with no people around, which makes for a pretty peaceful shopping experience.
Cons:
This mall has gone waaaay down since I was a kid. Although there are a lot of stores,  very few of them interest me (they have a store that seems to sell only pajamas and has adult-sized onesie/footed pajamas in the window...what the hell?! And another store that seems to sell only cheap, fake costume jewelry..why is that necessary?) When the place is packed, it's an absolute nightmare. Lots of trashy people, profanity, and a ton of obnoxious, screaming little children running around; their parents either have them on leashes or are very inattentive to what their kids are doing. A toddler walked off with my purse once when I put it on a bench for a moment to condense some of my bags and her booty-short wearing, thong-displaying mother didn't even notice; I had to chase the toddler down and get it back myself while the kid screamed bloody murder. 
In short, I do like some of the stores and again the deals can be fabulous, but , I have to be prepared to deal with a certain type of crowd to come here.good for your everyday needs, but not great. you can find some good deals for sure!So I'll be generous here. With a bit of shame I'll admit I'm a regular. In the winter when it's impossible to get in a good walk outside, I come here, since at least it's quite a stretch to walk rom one end to the other.
Here's the good; Dave and Buster's, while sometimes hit or miss, is always a fun way to blow money if you're bored. The skate park is a good place to wrangle kids in and get them away from the general public. The movie theater there is empty on weekdays. The food courts are alright, though nothing Earth shattering. And not to mention all the outlet stores mean good deals (despite sifting through a ton of crap).
The negatives are obvious. It lies in a somewhat seedy border neighborhood of the Northeast, and due to it's location is kind of a wasteland of a shopping mecca. The crowds it draws aren't the greatest, being a discount mall that's far past it's prime. 
Lately they've been putting a bit more money into it, which helps a bit at least, but still just after the holidays this year I saw a bunch of stores shut their doors. I'm not sure what's in store for Franklin Mills, but they could be a great mall if they weren't so ignored.It's ok. Best part is that it's never that busy (at least the times I went) but the worst part is that it looks outdated and often smells awkward. Not necessarily a place I would take a date but if your just hanging out with your friends --- it works.This place is pretty far from Brooklyn, about an hour and 45 minutes, but it is indoor, and sometimes it feels good to take a long drive, get out of the city, and shop in peace. This mall suppose to be an outlet mall, but as I've been realizing lately, it's not, they have all the stores a regular mall has, H&M, forever21, Bebe, but some of the stores are the same price as if you were going to any other mall. I mainly go there for the Polo outlet, they do accept the promotional polo coupons, so when we have a good one, like 30-40% our entire purchase we come to pick up a few things for our toddler. Other stores like forever 21 isn't a outlet, no good sales, Nike also, it looks like any other outlet store, but the sneakers are never any cheaper than if I bought them at footlocker. Victoria Secret is also the same price as anywhere else, we actually came because my daughter wants a bunch of Pink outfits/pajamas for Christmas, we all know how expense the stuff is, so I figured let's come here to "save money" when checking the price, I noticed it's the same price as online, they had no good sales, no good coupons, but since we drove almost two hours, might as well make the best of it, and finish our Christmas shopping. 
The mall seems to be going through some renovations, which is good because they needed it, it's a weird layout, long hallways, difficult to navigate, not enough maps to help you either. 
The food court is absolutely pathetic, no good options, very small, so if you get hungry while shopping, good luck! 
There is always plenty of parking, which is a plus, go during the week when it's empty, make sure you have coupons, they help.Ah the Franklin Mills mall. Also known as the ghetto version of the King of Prussia mall. 
For everyone who actually likes this mall and is confused by the negative reviews its because for some people walking into this mall is a painful experience as you get to see all of the low lifes in society gathering to shop. Basically its the bottom of the barrel clientele that roams the halls of this mall. 
Donna C. indicated earlier that "I felt as if I was walking through a prison with 90% of the other mall "shoppers" looking right at home there." That sums it up well and thats because the majority of of shoppers might have spent some time in prison.theres something about this place that bugs me, its full of outlet stores, so you would think you would get top quality or big savings, you dont, most of these outlet stores sell items that are factory seconds, i seen a $200 sweater with one arm that was about 3 inches longer than the other, and get this, it was $175 ! wow thats big savings for something i would only wipe my dipstick clean of oilI visited Franklin Mills a few months ago for the first time in more than a decade.  What happened to this place?  Does anyone remember the Rainforest Cafe?  Or Elephant and Castle?  Two cute restaurants that are now gone.  As far as merchandise went, I thought most of the stores looked junky and picked over.  But The As Seen On TV store was pretty cool, and there's also a good Five Below.  My two-star rating is based on these two stores alone.  Otherwise, you're not missing much by not coming here.  The outlet stores aren't all that spectacular; I'd rather embark on the 1.5-hour drive to the ones in Lancaster instead.
FM's interior is dark and dingy, and the bizarre layout forces you to walk in an endless circle if you can't locate the color-coded door near which you parked and by which you entered.  (If you're familiar with the zodiac symbol for Aquarius, that's how this mall is shaped.)  The clientele are trashy -- lots of tattoos and low-income shoppers, so much so that I felt as if I had wandered into a prison yard.  The exterior signage needs an update, as their logo has 1990 written all over it.
I remember when Franklin Mills opened in 1989 to tremendous accolades, with tour buses arriving for happy day-long shopping trips.  Such excursions are now a thing of the past, and the buses just go to the Lancaster outlets instead.  It's sad to see what Franklin Mills has devolved to today. 
To top it all off, my husband and I almost got into dragged into fights, and over weird, petty mistakes.  I should not have been surprised, given the quality of FM's clientele.  Seriously, someday this place will be every bit as abysmal as the Gallery at Market East.  The whole time I was there, I felt claustrophobic and unsafe...definitely not coming back.You can almost always find a great deal here. It used to be the place to go but not anymore and for that reason it is rarely busy. I still feel it's worth checking out every once in a while but keep your head about you. It's not in the best of areas and crime is not far away sometimes. There really isn't that many stores but what they do have is fairly good.I used to go to this mall all the time because I lived near by. It got worse though as time passed by. The only good thing left about it is the outlets and it's the only mall that sells lvl x clothing. The best thing about it is that you can buy MAC makeup for real cheap here, everything that was last season, will be in the cosmetic store at FM. that's the ONLY reason why I still love this mall is because of MAC makeup! :) I used to buy the Lindt chocolate a lot too, and it's still there and it's still good!!! And every other store is now like a city blue store and stuff. very cheap clothing. It got more dead, but hey I'm glad it's still around!USA ohne Shopping geht nicht, schon gar nicht angesichts des aktuellen Währungskurses. Bei meinen Besuchen in Philadelphia ist Franklin-Mills-Mall ein Muss. Riesiges Shopping-Center mit breitem Angebot (Klamotten, Schuhe, Spielwaren, Reisekoffer, etc.) und Markenwaren (Polo, Tommy Hilfiger, Nautica, Levis, etc.) zu unschlagbaren Outlet-Preisen, bspw im Vergleich mit der deutlich teureren King-of-Prussia (die durchaus auch mal einen Abstecher wert ist). Hungrig bleibt man beim Shoppen auch nicht, es gibt zwei grosse Food Courts, wo für jeden Fast-food Geschmack etwas dabei ist.
Die Mall liegt im Norden der Stadt und ist einfach mit dem Auto einfach zu erreichen - und auch einfach zu finden.Time to put this old nag outta her misery.  The decrepitude is really showing.  The recession is really showing as mall kiosks and stores close up.  The AC was hardly working at all and me and my friend were sweating to death.  A lot of the outlet stores here only sell inferior merchandise with their labels on them--you may think you are getting a Guess Original off price but you are really buying clothes that were manufactured in the same factory but not designed by Guess. They slap the label on them and make money selling to a lower income market.  The secret is in the design and workmanship. 
The best deals can be found in Burlington Coat Factory.
If it wasn't for the Cosmetics Company Store in here, i wouldn't waste the gas and energy.An outlet is an outlet. They're always too overwhelming.  But what I like in Franklin Mills is the fact that the stores are all under one roof (advantage when weather gets nasty). Disadvantage: You have to WALK the whole way and back, carrying your shopping bags.
Besides some cheaper items, there's no sales tax for clothing and shoes.    But really? If you haven't shopped here, you're not missing much.  You're not missing anything at all.Watch for your safety up there. It's very scary day or night. Bring two or more people with you for protection. I just don't like the place.I went here in 2005, so things have probably changed since then.  I remember it being very ugly and tacky inside.  I didn't spend a whole lot of time here and was disappointed with this mall.  I thought it would be really nice and big like Potomac Mills.This is a landmark in my heart... Ill update this later, too exaushtedThis used to be my go to place to buy clothes and such. They had amazing deals and great clothes. They definately still do, but this mall has gotten to be waaaaay over crowded. It's so frustrating trying to weeve through people just to get somewhere. Also, this mall has got to have the most ridiculous and rudest customers ever!!! Bc it's so crowded, something you accidently bump into someone. You can say sorry ya know!!! Or if I'm the one who accidentally bumps into someone, I say sorry, but in return, I get the ugliest stare back (like, "Omg, you just bumped me. You better keep walking or I'm going to punch you")
Moving on... they did add some great stores recently which is a plus. Also, I see that they are doing more renovations down by the movie theatres side. That side needs some great new features bc there's barely anything there and any store that opens tends to close within a year down that way. Hopefully, this will improve it.
DnB - Love going to this one. Parking is free and it has a bowling alley! :-) Waaaay expensive, so I never bowl here, but it's great for parties.Not a great spot but good deals at stores like Saks off fifth and Neumann Marcus but don't walk the area alone it's not a good area and has a low class clienteleWhen I got out of college, I went to work at this mall, manager of Shoe store, then Tee Market, affiliated with another company. Anyway,there used to be Rain-forest Cafe in there. Now I ONLY go to specific stores, then leave. Saks-off 5Th, Nordstrom's, Marshalls/Home Good's Kenneth Cole , maybe one or two more. It has some great finds, but can't walk whole mall..its separated into color coded sections, I only stay in certain areas.But it's matter of knowing where to go, what brand you're looking for.Strange layout.  A year ago I had a job interview in the Mall and fortunately I was 45 minutes early because it took all of 40 minutes to even find the location of my job interview.  Can be very hard to navigate if you are new to this Mall, it is color coded but still confusing... even for an art teacher ha ha!   Not a fan of most of the stores but some places are worth checking out.  The one fragrance shop was very nice, they told me they could find a near identical match for this one cologne I wear that is no longer in production.  The movie theater here is a nice plus, and they also have a little arcade.I read most of the reviews here and some have some validity to them. First of all i would like to address the reviewers who say the Nostalgic or fun factor isnt there any more. I'm willing to bet that they are seen the mall from the point when they where in their late teens or early 20's. Therefore of course it isnt going to be the same now that you are in your 30's. So its kind of an unfair assessment. On to the review its true that the mall wasnt the best designed mall. Its long and narrow and a bit confusing. The perceived large crowds are merely about 10 or so people but the design of the mall makes it feel like 30. Usually these are high traffic areas that tend to get "crowded". Ummm its a mall so of course it's going to attract unruly teenagers. I myself back in the 90's use to go there to try and hit on girls. True as most reviewers say the mall has seen better days. Some of this is due to the economy. Some of its due to simple fact the mall itself is now approaching 25 years. Most of the anchor stores have left. It is true what 1 reviewer said there are many stores basically selling the same thing. However, there is still plenty of  different stores and plenty of variety in here. Another thing i think may of hurt the mall is about 6 years ago rumors where circulated about the mall been demolished. Well fast forward and she is still there. On the security issues yes there are some break ins but overall i consider the mall basically safe. I think some of the reviewers are jittery Suburbanites. That been said they probably could use extra security patrolling the parking lots. There are lot of areas to cover and again the design of the mall itself can make it difficult for 2 or so Security Patrol cars to cover. So although the Mills is probably past her prime i still feel there is something to offer. It's not yet in too bad of despair as some of the reviews suggest.an ok outlet mall outside of Philly. We stopped by on the way home to kill some time, use a bathroom, and maybe see what stores they had there. I hadn't been there in ages, and the last time was to go to the Jillian's which is now the Dave and Busters. It's very easy to get to from 95. 
The mall itself is long and continuous, so for the short amount of time we had, we only ended up going to Neiman's Last Call, Banana Republic, Victoria's Secret, and H&M. The Forever21 looks cavernous, and maybe in another life I will return and check it out, but it a sense it looked a bit intimidating.The food court we passed was ok- it took forever to get a soda from one of the stands, because the woman was backed up on smoothie duty or something. 
The outlets are ok- or are they regular stores? I couldn't figure it out. H&m was ok- it's pretty big and we were able to find some stuff there. There was no directory anywhere, so we were just wandering around. The place seem a bit low-rent, but family friendly-stores, lots of kids store, etc. 
I probably won't return ever since it's out of the way and there are no premium outlet (have better ones by me). It wasn't a bad visit, but the traffic and driving around- into and leaving the mall- is an absolute nightmare. It wasn't even that busy and it took us 15 minutes to just get onto the road to get us back onto 95.Ich schließe mich dem Review an. Die mall ist super groß und gut zum einkaufen von allen genannten Marken. Ausschau sollte man nach den teilweise bis zu 80% reduzierten waren halten, da kann man das ein oder andere super Schnäppchen holen!The worst suppose to be outlet I've ever visit. Really out dated and could use some renovation. I should of known once I drove in the parking and notice their were plenty of parking space. I won't visit this mall again.It has many stores to choose from the inside looks old hardwood floors. It has Dave and Buster, Ruby Tuesday Walmart and movie theaterThe mall has some different stores and traditional stores with larger selections; however the air conditioner does not work well making shopping unpleasant.This weekend I went to the Franklin Mills Mall for the second time ever, the first time being in 2000. I had remembered it being big, with a lot of empty stores, and a couple big restaurants (we ate at the Rainforest Cafe, and I also remember seeing an Elephant & Castle). Well, things have changed a little bit - there are almost no empty stores, which actually makes King of Prussia, my "home" mall, look a bit sad! But the big restaurants are gone, the only non-food court place to eat is Ruby Tuesday. We did have lunch there, it was good, and our waitress was super nice. Also, there was a booth near where we were that was apparently a tight squeeze to get into, and I had a great view of people trying to squish their way in, deciding they can't fit, and asking to move to a different table.
We ended up parking at one end and walking through, having not seen a map, which was really amusing because the mall is shaped like a lightning bolt! So every time it looked like we were coming to the end of a stretch of stores I would say, "No, I think it was bigger than this, we'll probably turn a corner," and then we did turn a corner, zigging and zagging to the opposite end of the mall. My husband was totally confused by the layout, and delighted by the hardwood floors. There are places throughout the mall with unusual features, like the "video court," which has a giant tower of TVs with neon lightning bolts coming out the top. And the whole mall had a weird mood because there is no music playing outside of the stores. Overall, it feels like nothing has been updated since the mall opened in 1989 (in fact, a lot of stores still have the 1990s version of their logo on the sign, like Bath & Body Works and Bed Bath & Beyond).
There were a lot of random stores we'd never heard of, but I have a feeling they might be parent companies of several brands, all in one store? Can't think of any examples at the moment. Most places there are "outlets" or "factory stores," so there were some good deals.
Overall, I was pretty impressed with Franklin Mills. It was fun to check out a different mall, and nice to have access to outlet stores in an indoor setting.Wow, this mall has changed, and not for the better.
I was there the weekend it opened and it was funny because I was accosted by a lobster that was being silly with three friends, including Ben Franklin, I believe.  There were tour buses arriving daily, and it wasn't the only Mills mall--Potomac Mills was in the D.C. area and there were maybe 5 others.
This mall was barely anything like that one.  It seemed tired.  The only original store, I believe, was Bed, Bath, and Beyond.  Everything else had changed.
It opened with a roller skating rink, bowling alley, and more for kids, but now, it has Dave & Busters for overgrown kids.
The Wall Sound & Music has been replaced with FYE.  A lot of stores just don't seem to have any resonance at this point.  It was good to have Sprint, AT&T, and T-Mobile there, though.
There is more outside the mall that I like (Big Lots, Sam's Club, etc.) than inside the mall.  Can you expect much since the tours are gone?This mall have all the middle class and upper class outlet stores. It will take you at least to whole day to explore.It's worth the drive from NYC occasionally because I always find something good at the Old Navy Outlet store and the Cosmetic Company Outlet. I like the fact that there's no tax as well. Usually when hubby and I go shopping in Philly we make our way to this place first then down to South St. because they always have a great deal on shoes.This mall used to be called Franklin Mills, but recently changed to Philadelphia MIlls. The stores seem to be the same as I remember, but there are some new stores that opened. I barely come to shop at Philadelphia Mills, but the stores I usually aim for are sneaker stores or the Nike store. I do come here with my friends and family to Dave and Busters which is at the mall and also to watch movies. There is also a Sam's club nearby and a Walmart that just opened up recently. I had bad experience with the food court before so I never went back to it again. If you really need something and close by this is the mall to go to, but if you want to go to a better mall with friends and family there are way better ones than Philadelphia Mills.Worst mall ever it. Is taken over by animals. Now when you go it's like a zoo. Always commotion people beating on another person. Kids throwing stuff at your cars. Teenagers letting carts fly into ongoing traffic.  It's a zoo.Must be the worst mall in America. From the layout to the dated decor, this is the armpit of northeast Philly.i dont like franklin mills anymore.... theres a LOT of stupid trouble-makin teens there these days... if you wanna tho i'm pretty sure u can go walk around the mall just w/ other walkers until like 9 or 10 am... I really dont like their movie theater that much... even tho they hav lots of movies theaters and u can sneek from movie to movie if someone a lot taller than u sits right in front of u u wont be able to see the screen.I am a bargain hunter to the point of obsession and I live less than a mile away from Franklin Mills, yet the only time I ever dare venture into the mall is to see a five dollar movie with my mom.  The mall is dirty, the outlets don't offer anything better than you can get at Marshals and some of the kiosk vendors are aggressive to the point of harassment.  Add to that the fact that cars frequently suffer break ins here, and you've got yourself some solid reasons to keep driving to Neshaminy.  No discount is worth the frustration of trying to navigate this Thunderdome of a mall.It is one of the largest malls in the Southeastern PA area. Some of the older unique businesses has left but it is certainly not a bore. You have outlets of brand names with the same clothes you'd see at a regular store but at cheaper prices. The places that makes this mall stand out from others is that it has a giant forever 21 store, also Dave and busters took over the original Jillians' that use to be there and the AMC theater is still here. With lots of variety and an array of prices. It will delight the shopper and bargain hunters in all of us.
They also have a variety of food from cheap mcdonalds to ruby tuesdays and there are eateries right around the mall as well.I like this mall. When I first moved to Philadelphia nearly 4 years ago, it was the first mall I visited. It does have a nice selection of outlets here. This is one mall where I actually manage to find something I like in an outlet store and it fits. I'm not a fan of kiosks at any mall as I find them to be annoying. Overall, it's a great mall. For those that don't drive, there are a few SEPTA bus routes that can get you to the mall. My only gripe as with any mall is finding a parking spot on a weekend. If you are in the Philadelphia area, stop by Franklin Mills. The saying is "Shop 'till you drop".Although there are some good staples here, the majority of the stores are slowly disappearing and making way for the equivalent of bare feet shoes over and over again. I go for banana republic, ann Taylor and the nieman Marcus and saks outlet but there really isn't much else and I wouldn't be surprised if they disappear soon. The mall isn't being kept up and is pretty dirty. There are holes in the floors and chipped tile and to use the seldom cleaned bathrooms you need to walk down an out of the way corridor that feels abandoned and unsafe. If there were any outlets closer to philly I wouldn't bother.I used to love this place when it was liberty bell racetrack but since being turning into a mega mall the years haven't been kind to it, it once was an outlet where you could get good deals on anything now in 2013 many stores have closed, the stores that are there you can find in any mall plus being so dang big you've go to walk miles ( no joke ) before you see something different. Did I mention the amount of car break in's there ? While it was great once ,now toll brothers should just knock down the mall and put townhomes on the site because it is pure crap now.This has become one of my most favorite outlets.  It's HUGE -- too big to cover in one trip -- and best of all, no trouble finding a parking space, even around the Christmas holidays. The Burlington Coat Factory has a big selection of clothing for everyone in the family.  Ann Taylor is a bit small -- the one in Flemington, NJ has a larger selection --- Forever 21 is enormous but a bit challening to navigate.  There is a great mother-of-the bride / wedding gown shop.  The super high-end stores are still too expensive for my budget (nieman marcus, Saks) despite hefty reductions, but if you can afford it, I'm sure that there are many bargains to be found.  Arades for teens. A string of food chains surrounding the mall for when you get too tired from shopping.  All the mall is missing is Loehmans -- which Fran Drescher as The Nanny rightfully called "the mother ship."This place is a hit and miss. It does have outlet stores, but a lot of crucial stores like American Eagle and Pacsun (at least for certain shoppers) are missing. 
I also don't like the layout. It is endless walking. I'm used to it in an outdoors shopping center, but here you're just walking and walking and its unnerving. 
There are some positives though. There really aren't that many people here, and the parking lots are HUGE so you won't have a problem finding parking. 
Also the Aeropostale at times has INSANE sales. I have seen t-shirts there for $1.99, jeans for $9.99, long sleeve shirts for $3.99 etc. 
The place does seem to be getting better though. They have recently opened a Nike Factory store among others.Franklin Mills hasn't been right since the 80's. Who remembers lazer tag, skating, the arcades, batting cages, bowling? That stuff is long gone.
 It's raggedy now. Take your local avenue strip junk shops, drop in some watered down anchors, baby mommas and crying babies, some hooligans, and sprinkle in a food court and a half... take that put a roof over it and viola. Its only redemption is that it has a movie theater.
I think the only way I'll ever go back is if I'm trying to escape prison by crawling through the sewers and I just happen to pop up there. Even then, I'd blend right in.5-10 years ago, this place was amazing, however, it's gotten pretty bad now. The shops are very limited and I no longer come here anymore. The mall is oddly shaped and it's not the best mall but some will like it. Shop here if you can't go anywhere else.I only do into Saks and Neiman's--which are very good especially when they have additional sales--and I ignore every other store. My 4 stars are for Saks & Neiman's.Place is huge! I was so tired, I shouldve parked in the middle. This place is nuts. Sax was awesome, so was marshalls. The electronics at radioshack were suprising and the food at the food court sbarro, was delicious. Mall was empty however.. the parking lot had a ghost town feel.This mall attracts the teenage/early 20's crowd. I love the diversity of this mall. You could find pretty much anything here. The clothes is my kind of style and there are a couple of choices to pick from. Demo was one of my favorites but I think it closed down now. Against all odds is still there though. There are alot of sneaker stores too which is good when you cant find your size... just try another store in the same place. Bed Bath and Beyond is great but be conscious of the fact that you have to carry whatever you buy out of the mall and into the car which could be a pretty long walk depending where you park. I like to part at the beginning near the theatre and walk down to the end where they have a new Dave and Busters. I could then walk back and buy anything big on the way back to the car. 
The only thing I don't like is the theatre. Too many young people calls for a loud movie audience. People just don't shut up. I'd rather take the drive elsewhere unless I'm catching an early movie.this mall is outrageous. tons of mutants buying clothes from stores called "SPICY" and "WAREHOUSE SHOES". so entertaining, i love it. plus the outlet department stores and Polo store have some good finds. one of my fav things about this mall though is the that the mall cops are total Paul Blarts. watching them pathetically hit on teen age girls rules.This mall in suburban Philadelphia is one of the large family of "Mills" malls all over the country. I came here with my New Jersey relatives when I told them I wanted to do some shopping and dining across the border in Philly. They told me it was an "outlet mall," which to me, meant they had brand-name stores that sold discounted items.
I have to agree with Juliana N. that this mall has a rather bizarre design and floor plan. Supposedly the mall is in the shape of a lightning bolt, commemorating Benjamin Franklin when he conducted his kite-and-key experiment. Well, the design seems to be a marketing gimmick that bit the architects and builders in their collective butt! It simply is not a very customer-friendly layout.
The two anchor stores are Burlington Coat Factory and Marshalls. Eating places include familiar names such as Subway, Sbarro, McDonald's and Auntie Anne's Pretzels.
The mall stores are primarily factory outlet stores, such as Banana Republic Factory Outlet Store, Brooks Brothers Factory Store, Levi's Outlet Store and Wilson's Leather Outlet. There is a 14-screen movie theater, the AMC Theatres Franklin Mills 14.
Overall, this place wasn't too bad, but it really didn't have the "wow" factor for me. My cousin informed me that in nearby Delaware, there are many factory outlet stores there--and they charge NO sales tax! I definitely want to check those out on my next East Coast trip.This is an outlet mall.  Stay away from this place on the weekends.  Shop during the weekdays.  You get better deals without fighting the crowds.Not a bad place to go outlet shopping.  It's indoors and there's a variety of stores to choose from. Ample amounts of parking too.I have to say this oulet is pretty cool.
REMEMBER:: NO SALES TAX is always cool!!Discounts discounts discounts! I'm not really a mall person (idk, just think it's a "family place" to hang and it's never any stores outside of the usual mundane options) but when I do go, I need to catch a sale to feel the true purpose of going in the first place. 
I love Franklin Mills for that reason alone, the discounts and outlets; I could never leave here empty handed! 
My go to stores are, Kenneth Cole, Fossil, Forever 21, Aldo, Gap, Wilson Leather, Old Navy and Off Fifth Avenue ::---- they ALWAYS have great prices.  Brought two watches under $100, bro brought leather flip flops with plaid thong print and a Nike tee for a total of $35.00. Noooot baaaaaad! LolThis mall has a little bit of everything, and several outlet stores. There were also virtually no people around when I went shopping last Saturday afternoon. 
My favorite store would have to be the NY and Co. outlet. They've got lots of nice stuff for summer out right now.
Overall the place is pretty clean - even the bathrooms were sparkling.
Maybe it's easy to keep clean because no one was there...