Really cheap and really fast...almost too fast.  The service was gruff and curt.  We ordered our food, and both our spring rolls and our pho were on the table within 3 minutes (no exaggeration).  I wondered about the freshness since it arrived so quickly; they obviously don't cook to order.  But maybe their busy takeout business keeps them cooking everything all the time?  I don't know.  
The flavors were good.  Not outstanding, but adequate.  And the price was really good.Great place for pho if you are around this area. It's relatively quick, especially if you order pho, and inexpensive compared to places nearby. While it is a small restaurant, you can definitely go with about 8 friends and they will arrange seating for you.
I have a problem most of the time with not carrying cash on me, and this place does accepts ONLY cash. However, there is an ATM outside. There is a CVS one block north as well. 
I have tried their pho, broken rice, specials, and drinks, and you can't really go wrong. You can also ask them to not put milk in your milkshake for a smoothie.Came here around lunch time on a Saturday for a bowl of pho.  Can't really complain, but just a bit confused.  What was the difference between my pho with beef "round" and my friends' with beef brisket?  Nothing, it seems.  At least both cost the same.  
The portion was fine, the broth was nice, it's an all-around decent pho for $7.25, with your usual fresh sprouts and basil sprigs.  The place is a bit out of the way for me on a weekday, but this is a nice break after a chilly Saturday morning at the farmer's market.So, I had a pho craving this afternoon. 
I've only been to 5 different pho places in Philly and was thinking about visiting another one this weekend, but the little voice of conscience inside my rumbling stomach was too overpowering as I walked past Pho & Cafe Saigon on my way back to my apartment. As I walked toward this "restaurant," I beheld, with slight discomfort, a man looking at me though the glass door, watching me approach. 
When I reached the door, he opened it in silence, allowing me to come in. That was my server. I said "hi" and asked for a table in the nearly empty restaurant. Although he did not respond to my greeting, he did point to some tables, suggesting that I could just pick one. When I sat down, iced tap water was promptly delivered. I ordered a bowl of pho, which arrived with terrific speed, only 2 minutes later. 
If you know me, you would know that am a relatively fast eater. Multiply that speed by 2 whenever I am hungry or have a craving. Halfway through my meal, my check was shoved into my face as I was inhaling the pho. When I got up to leave, the server, who was facing me, avoided eye contact and headed straight for the check.
I left a 20% tip, as I customarily do. I understand that people need to make a living in good or bad times. I know that in some family-owned businesses, perhaps workers who are family members don't always get paid as they should. I also keep an open mind, with the understanding that some people are not at always at ease with human interactions. However, the server was polite and spoke perfect English when a gentleman in a suit came in. He even asked the man how he was doing and politely seated him. He was suddenly well-versed in customer service skills. Unfortunately, I had to leave and could not observe the rest of this fascinating transformation. 
Conclusions from this experience: 
1) The food was better than last time I was here. The pho was pretty good. There was a large, flat piece of ligament the size of my hand in the pho, but no big deal - I just set it aside. (+1 from my last rating)
2) The service was worse, and it was probably not an off-day. It wouldn't have hurt for the server to wait 3 more minutes to drop the check, once I finish absorbing my pho soup. (-1 from my last rating)
3) To maximize your experience, make sure you come here hungry. To get better service, wear a suit and white collared shirt instead of your regular clothes. (I only wore a nice skirt with a cardigan)
4) The price isn't bad, but reviewers who think it's cheap are probably not comparing this place to the many other Vietnamese restaurants in Philly (less than $5 for the same amount of pho).
5) The location helps it maintain customer inflow. If any other pho restaurant in Philly chose to open an additional location nearby, this place would need some serious upgrading to compete.
I will say, though, that this is probably the fastest service I've ever experienced. My entire dining experience lasted less than 10 minutes.When I dream of how Vietnamese Bun should taste....I honestly think of this place. Forget VR, or VP. This place is it. I was usually there every Sunday after church.
I moved to Korea in Oct. of 2006. It was like living in hell that I couldn't have any REAL Vietnamese food (Vietnamese food in Korea is rightfully Koreanized for local palate). When I came back to Philly a year later in 2007, I made it a priority to hit this place up again and end this cruel torture. I sat down, and when I was ready to order the most amazing thing happened. She looked over at me and asked "B1?" It blew me out of the water!!!!! After a whole freaking year of not being there....I show up one random day and as if time had not moved....
*** remember that scene in Ratatoulle, where the food critic gets one taste of the ratatoulle and is instantaneously transported back in time to when he was a kid ***
....yeah that scene...well almost. OMG....I was completely dumbfoundedly stupirifically floored. Okay...well it could have just been a coincident...but I wanted to pick that lady up and kiss her on the cheeks.
I went there a few months back and it was still the same yummy goodness as before. I'm now in DC and although there are several good places here, the Pho place down the street from church still remains my benchmark for Vietnamese Bun.
Okay for you gumshoes out there...I've been to so many pho places and it's been a while, that I don't remember if the Vermicelli with Chargrilled Pork & Spring Rolls is actually B1 or not...but she did get it right.I went here for Pho and it was pretty dissappointing. The broth was flavorful but exteremely oily. The meat was not good quality but overall it was ok. 
I also got the veggie spring rolls which were equally greasy but delicious. 
My boyfriend got the chargrilled-chicken which he loved except it was very fatty. 
I did get  an avocado shake which was delicious!  But I'm pretty sure that the guy licked the spoon he was mixing with. My boyfriend got the mango shake equally good. Our entire meal came to 22 bucks.
This is not the place to go for neatness, good service, or ambiance. But, it did do the trick.The Pho is really good.  I tried the beef and shrimp versions and enjoyed both.  Very fast service which is great for a quick lunch. Nothing is better in winter then nice hot bowl of soup.This place is nice in terms of proximity in walking distance without having to drive or take any sort of public transportation. Their pho is average, not bad nor very good. It's also a bit pricier average. Another downfall is that their utensils and the mini sauce dishes were still a bit dirty. Had to use some water and a napkin to scratch off whatever was stuck on them.I ate here once and got food poisoning. Since then, I've literally talked to 2-3 other people who have had the same experience. The sad thing was that I didn't even enjoy my food. I was just so hungry I kept eating it. Needless to say, this was a "one and done" for me.I am not a Vietnamese food connoisseur, but I found this place to be acceptably decent for how cheap it was (I went with a friend and we only paid $9 each with tip and tax included).  I ordered the beef brisket pho noodle bowl.  The beef slices were very tender and thin, shabu-shabu style, so if you want something more steak-like, I'd suggest getting another cut of meat.  As with most pho places I've patronized, the waiter brought out a plate containing bean sprouts, a half slice of lime, and jalapenos.  I didn't use the latter to season my broth but a touch of lime added some tart flavor to the broth.  I dipped the thin beef slices into the hot chili sauce there, which ended up adding flavor and a much needed kick to a dish I find far less flavorful than a traditional bowl of ramen (forgive me for my partiality - I'm Japanese American).
On another occasion I ordered the "dry" version of a noodle soup bowl and got the vermicelli noodle bowl which was topped with veggies and fried spring rolls.  The spring rolls were juicy and greasy, which added the "meat" to the rather light, salad-like bed of vermicelli noodles and greens on which the rolls rested.  
All in all, I'd probably go back here again if I had the urge to have Vietnamese food.  It's a cheaper alternative to Vietnamese Cafe on 47th and Baltimore which has superb ambience.  But this hole-in-the-wall has its own charms, I'm sure, if the meal is shared with the right kinds of people.  You can also buy a smoothie here.  The copious amounts of fresh fruit on display in a glass window case looked appetizing.
The place is cash-only, though there's an ATM box outside.  Make sure to  bring cash.
Service: B
Taste: BI love this place and I do not go here enough. Cheap, fast and nobody will bother you. Beat the dinner rush and you can get a table by a window (or the giant fish tank) where you can devour your pho in quiet. 
Be clear when you want tea, since the last few times I've gone, I've had to ask for it twice. Especially since once I was presented with a green tea milkshake. Whoops? 
Did I mention it's cheap? As every other Yelper states, the pho is to die for. If I feel the need to eat my feelings, I'll get the broken rice with beef and a sunshine egg. If you want to get out of control, you can get spring rolls (which are the jump off). 
Cash only, however there is an ATM outside. If you have a $20 on you, you'll leave with change. IT'S CHEAP! I don't think I've mentioned that.It's not very good (my friends call this place "soapy noodles"), but will usually do for quick filling meals. And by quick, I mean you order and they walk back to bring out your food. I don't know how they do it. It's also BYO and they bring you dirty little styrofoam cups.
But if you have any other option, go for the other option.A solid staple - Pho or char-broiled something-something... and maybe some fruit smoothie - mango! mmm, mango.
There's nothing really to it, it's cheap food at a cheap price with no bs.  Not the best Vietnamese in the city by a long shot, but whatever.If you're looking for top notch pho, go elsewhere.  If you're in the midst of a craving but don't feel like crossing the river, come here.  The pho itself is mediocre at best, but if you dress it up with all the hot sauce, sprouts, and basil provided, it works.  
I once ordered the lemongrass chicken, and it was tasty, but the portion was paltry.  Seemed like most of the non-pho items were also this way.  I'll have to give those milkshakes a try, however.
I'm just looking forward to the opening of the Vietnam Cafe at 47th & Baltimore (from the lovely people at Fuh Wah and the Vietnam restaurant in Chinatown) near the end of January 2008.Great neighborhood spot. I don't have a lot of pho experience, but I thought the portions were huge. And delicious! 
Not sure what some of the other reviewers have experienced but they are leading me to believe that one usually gets a bathtub full of pho at other establishments. I always order a regular bowl - which is served in a big ol' bowl -- and have at least a meal leftover to take home. 
Pricing is consistent with a neighborhood restaurant in Philly - say, $12 for lunch altogether. I like the folks who work there & service is fast. 
Cash only, so plan ahead!While the food wasn't bad, it certainly wasn't good by any stretch either. Also, I swear they pre-make all their dishes and nuke it in a microwave before serving it to you. I order my meal (Com Bo Nuong) and I KID YOU NOT, my dish was on my table in less than three minutes. Seriously. The food tasted like it was microwaved. The portions were small and the prices too high to ever make me want to make a return visit. 
Scratching my balding head to know why people actually like this place. Go figure.3.5 stars but im rounding up because it is unique to find authentic asian food in west philly. its a little pricey for vietnamese food (im in california where its plentiful and cheap) but the place is quite good, very good for philadelphia. 
i recommend the beef noodle stew. the vietnamese version of it is so flavorful! the spring rolls with shimp (or the summer rolls? not sure of its name but its the ones that are not fried) is also tasty. the pho is dependable.  definitely hits the spot when i crave asian food and am in west philly. CASH ONLY!Mediocre Pho, small portions, poor service.Food is decent. I have the pho with veggies and tofu. They accept cash only..no credit cards. Veggie fried rice is also very tasty.I truly do not know what everyone is complaining about here.  There is nothing wrong with this restaurant, and I mean that as a high compliment.   Maybe people take this cafe for granted because it is an unassuming hole in the wall.  There is nothing outstanding about it, but I think everything they do is above average, and that adds up to a winning experience.  The food is good, the prices are right,  and the service  is instantaneous.  What else do you want?
Today I took my 14-month-old daughter and got broken rice with grilled pork for $6.95.  Have you ever taken a 14-month-old to a restaurant?  Every second counts.  The pork was delicious, tender, flavorful, and served hot off the grill.  
It's not high cuisine, and it's not meant to be.For a dollar or two more than the cost of the pho you would normally pay for universally, this place is not worth it.
The broth in the pho is very bland. there's not a lot of meat. The portion is a decent size as one would expect normally from a pho place.
Also ordered some summer rolls which were eh...nothing special.
Definitely a ripoff of a place. Plenty of other places to go to besides this if you want some decent pho.Update...it seems that the first time I went here, it was an off day.  I have since returned here several times and the food consistently was up a notch with much fresher ingredients!
You get 5 stars, congrats!
---
I am not exactly a Pho connoisseur, but I do eat it a lot.  I think the Pho here is pretty damn good.  I love Pho so much though.  Prices?  Not super cheap, but fair, good prices.
I have also had the bun (rice vermicelli) at least twice, and it has also been consistently good.
Service is quick and was good.
I like having this place in the neighborhood...right around the corner.The pho here is okay and is one of those things you order when you have a cold and it is February, but the mango milkshake, oh the mango milkshake!  It is a bit pricey, but it will change your whole outlook on life, especially if mangoes are in season.
My boyfriend and I just spent an entire day cleaning up my place for a visit from his parents.  We were dirty and cranky and finally I just said the magic words, "mango milkshake", we dove out of my apartment and down the street, got the milkshakes and sat on a bench in the school yard drinking them and watching the fireflies.  All was good with the world.Great food and incredibly (I mean like food comes out within 5 minutes of ordering or less) service!! The shredded pork vermicelli was simple but delicious. The deluxe pho was very flavorful and I only stopped eating because I was stuffed.It isn't as cheap as those in China Town but when you don't want to go far and just want some pho this is a good place to go.Its okay... Normal from other Pho place that I went to.  The summer roll are not that good, it doesn't seen fresh and the color of veg in the summer roll had been changed.  
The Broken Rice Pork Chop is very good, very tasty.  The Beef Ball noodle soup is pretty good as well.  Price on the menu are higher than the other Pho.... Over all,   food are good.  Cash only!!! I will go back if I am around.Amazing, inexpensive Vietnamese food.  What the place may lack in ambiance, they make up with portion sizes and speed.  I've never waited more than 5 minutes for food - sit down or take-out.  And it's THE place in Philly for Bubble Milk Tea in my opinion (I'm addicted to the Jasmine).  Be sure to bring cash, though, since they don't take plastic.I've been to a number of similar Vietnamese restaurants in the Northeast and was excited to find one in my neighborhood, but I think next time I feel like having Pho or other Vietnamese dishes, Philly offers many other options I can choose from (e.g. Chinatown, Washington Ave, or even just a few blocks West). 
Summary:
1) Food -- pretty good pho, but I've had better. The charred beef (broken rice plate) was very tough, dry, and salty; the rice slightly under-cooked.
2) Pricing -- decent value for a decent meal given the alternatives in the neighborhood, but compared to other similar restaurants, expect to pay a dollar or two more for each given dish
3) Service -- distractingly bad. Maybe it was an off-day. I'd be surprised to find meticulous and attentive service at a fast-food eatery, but my impression was that any place that expects some kind of tip from its patrons would at least show some effort in their service.Whenever I'm craving an authentic bowl of pho, I like to go here. In my opinion their broth is the best in philadelphia.  And I love how its closer then going all the way to Washington Avenue. 
The husband and wife that owns and run the restaurant are super nice and friendly. I've tried a couple of items on their menu like their spring rolls, scrimp roll, broken rice plates, and different flavored smoothies. Everything I've had has been really delicious. 
This place is really great. The only down fall is that it's cash only. But no worries if you don't bring enough cash, they have an atm inside. 
If you're looking for some really good vietnamese food and want to go somewhere low key. You should def give this place a try~I will preface this by saying that I am no pho expert. But one day, when I was still living in University City, I was craving some pho. Random? Yes, I'm aware. Anyways, I Google searched "Best pho restaurants in Philly" and this was the closest location so I gave it a try. I thought it was standard for a pho establishment. It seemed pretty authentic to me. They offered the standard toppings (cilantro, jalapenos, bean sprouts) for the pho and had sauces ready for use on the table. If you like pho, I don't think you can go wrong with getting it here!I've been here a few times and I always get pho because I don't travel this far into University City/W. Philly to try something new.  My friends have ordered the other dishes here and really like it so I'm sure the other menu items are all reliably good.  The service is extremely quick and although the place is small, I've always managed to get seating even though I'm always in a group.  The spring rolls are the usual fried goodness and although the pho broth isn't the most flavorful I've ever had, it's decent.I've been here several times. The food is always really good (Spring rolls, yum) and the service is ridiculously fast.Pretty standard Vietnamese staples. Good tasting food and shakes. Great prices. Great tasting consumme for chicken pho. More like a 3.5 stars.The best choice for pho near University City. The restaurant is very cozy and reminds me of a "hole in the wall" type establishment that has more authentic food (although I'm no judge of authentic Vietnamese food). I came here recently with a large group of friends for a BYO. While the servers were not the friendliest or outgoing, they were nice enough to allow us to raise ruckus and move around our table. The food came out extremely quickly for a group of 20 people (probably less than 5 minutes total??), and the bill was given to us in a readable manner. 
I ordered the shrimp spring rolls, which had a great rice paper skin but not enough shrimp. However, the peanut sauce that came with it was DELICIOUS. I also tried a durian drink, which was surprisingly much better than I expected for such an odious fruit. 
The servers didn't give us water without being asked, but was attentive when whenever we requested something. Also, the menu wasn't the most descriptive for people who are not as familiar with Viet food (some descriptions were simply "Rice Stick" or "Rice Flake"....which I had no idea what that was...), but if you already know what you're going to get then you're all set!I love this place. BYO, great food, no bullshit.Woke up craving Vietnamese food on a Sunday afternoon so decided to try this place out since its close to home. It's a small, casual place on the corner.
The menu isn't huge but pretty good for a place of this size, with all the Vietnamese staples like pho, rice, vermicelli,etc. We ordered goi cuon (shrimp and pork spring rolls), chicken pho, and lemongrass garlic chicken with rice. The spring rolls were alright, but the peanut sauce that came with it was a little more vinegary and less salty than is traditional. It wasn't bad, just sort of a surprise. 
The chicken pho was large and filling, but the broth could've been better. It had the right amount of salt but lacked the strong, savory chicken flavor you'd expect from pho. Also, the chicken breast pieces were kind of dry. Not the worst pho ever but you can definitely find better options around the city. The sautéed chicken was a bit lacking in seasoning and used the same thin chicken breast slices as the pho, which wasn't a problem in itself but the meat ended up pretty dry and chewy. 
I really wanted to like this place and was hoping for a good, convenient spot near home, but it just doesn't stack up against the Vietnamese food I'm used to. Would be willing to come back, maybe I just didn't order the right dishes.I went to try out this place for lunch. Let me tell you, the Pho is bad! First of all, the broth was way too salty! I had to put a lot Hoisin sauce just to balance out the saltyness. Another thing, apparently there is only one size of Pho. It seems to be a small size bowl with little of noddles and meats. Lastly, the price for a bowl of Pho came up to a total of $8.10 plus tip. That is pretty price for me. I will never go there again!A combination of value, quality, an excellent service - this is our go to place for pho in west Philadelphia.  We love the tofu rolls, the spring rolls, and the sautéed lemon grass. Squeeze a lime & you're done!  Casual, comfortable & yummy.  Our kids crave this food!  Visit every weekend.Talk about a disappointment! 
Before I start bashing I want to note that the staff is awesome and the cashier and the older lady are nice beyond nice!
That said, I came here for the Pho and was very excited to find some Pho in university city. Ordered a take out of chicken and shrimp pho and the beef pho. I L O V E pho and I thought that it was impossible to screw it up but now I know what an average broth tastes like, fat and bland, sad really. 
After all the sriracha and soy sauce it tasted edible and the result for my efforts was a light food poisoning, I do want to note that the ingredients were fresh and I'm not in any way blaming Saigon for it but I will from now on eat pho in Chinatown.My favorite pho in the city.... always fast (few minutes form ordering, every time.) Pho taste/broth balance is perfect and is never reminiscent of bath water (trust me, I've had that experience with pho & it's not pretty.) Cash only, attentive wait staff. University-city localized, family owned, authentic. the inside of this corner Vietnamese establishment makes me love Philly more every time I go. Definitely try this place out if you have a hankering for pho- the other noodle dishes are just as good too. I wish they were open on Mondays, though :(This is a good West Philly lunch spot, although now that Vietnam has opened at 47th the competition is gonna be pretty stiff.
Service is surly but fast and efficient. Is it pre-cooked? Wait a minute, we are talking about a $6-8 menu here, from a corner neighborhood joint. I don't know how long charbroiled pork, broken rice and a spring roll really takes to make, but I sure don't mind getting it fast. And the fruit milkshakes are damn good. (They take longer to produce than the food, so they must be made to order.) Plus, the outdoor tables are a welcome treat from spring to fall.
Gourmet, upscale, Best-of-Philly Vietnamese? Nope, but you already know where to go for those -- Vietnam (I and II) and Vietnam Palace -- and if you're here at Pho, you know you're not in Chinatown or South Philly. So, for what it is, where it is, we could do a lot worse. Manage your expectations and it'll seem that much better. Recommended.Had takeout spring rolls. Affordable and fast. Spring rolls were what you'd expect. Pretty good for a neighborhood joint.Disclaimer: Never dined in. 
My husband and I have always ordered take-out from this place.. so frequently that they know our order by heart. We live less than a block away from the cafe, so it is extremely convenient to pick up hot soups on our way back home, especially during this long winter. So I can't really comment on their service but the food is generally ready within minutes. Our usual order is tofu curry with vegetable, and veggie noodle soup - both the dishes are absolutely fantastic although tofu curry is my personal favorite!Good pho that all hovers around $8. It's cash only though but there is an atm right outside. It's very convenient if you live nearby but I don't think I would travel here if I were outside of U-city cause there was nothing outstanding about it.it's getting late on a sunday night, a craving for pho kicked in, and i didn't want to trek out to the better pho places. options in west philly are slim. having tried one other place that's closer but wasn't in love with, i decided to give this place a try. ordering on the phone was easy. the man who took my order was nice and said my order would be ready right away. 
so i took my pup out and then decided to drive over there afterwards. i was able to find parking right in front of the place (this was pure luck because parking always sucks around these neck of the woods). 
i got there half an hour before they closed, and so i expected them to be empty. wrong. they were packed. the space is small but ok. if i am remembering correctly, they were able to accommodate around 30-35 people? anyways, i was greeted immediately by a woman and she rang me up for my order. in and out in less than 5 min. 
their portions are HUGE! two people can easily share one order of pho. the broth is good and they give you everything you need. their spring rolls were also good...so why only two stars? an hour or two of finishing the food, i started to get REALLY thirsty and a massive headache. at first i thought it was my allergies or just a headache so i took zyrtec and ibuprofen but they didn't help. the next morning i woke up still in pain and extremely thirsty. i got some coconut water to hydrate myself and took some more ibuprofen. in the middle of the next day, i finally realized why i was feeling so sick. it was the pho from this place. they must use msg and my body was reacting to it. now, i know there have been tests to prove that msg is not as bad as everyone had thought and most people don't even react to it...BUT clearly that is not the case for me. apparently i am VERY sensitive to msg...to the point that it took almost two days for me to get rehydrated and rid of my headache. 
safe to say, this won't be my go-to pho or any vietnamese food place really...Yummm! Definitely adding this to my regular routine. The pho is just what you want. Good broth, good noodles (I like rice noodles), and lots of things to throw in (brussel sprouts, mint, lemon juice)...Also got the spring roll (ordered mine deep fried), came with lettuce and somehow I forgot to wrap them in the lettuce! Crazy me. But they were still out of this world good, reminded me of my favorite Vietnamese place back home. Stellar. With fish sauce of course. Great flavors with and without the sauce. Also got the mango smoothie. It was good. Might not go for it again though just because it's enough food without, and I'm cheap. My girlfriend got the lemongrass beef over noodles and was happy but not ecstatic. It needed more sauce, but it was alright.
Go for the pho, the spring rolls, and call it a wonderful day! Good quick service too.
Oh yeah, and cash only!The closest good pho option to University City. Saigon on Walnut is too sweet and Pho Vietnam is just a tad far for an everyday walk.
I came here recently on one of those chilly fall nights, ready to be warmed up before the rest of my evening, and boy did it deliver. Steaming hot, tasty soup was in front of me within minutes and I chowed down without hesitation. 
As usual, the beef here isn't great, nor are the portion sizes, hence the loss of star, but everything else was spot on. The flavor of the broth was just right, not requiring me to add my usual spice. The noodles were a nice firm consistency and the overall experience was probably heightened by the contrast compared to the cold I had just left. 
Come here for fast service pho near University City and be prepared to warm up. Might want to grab a snack after thoughI was a little hesitant to try out some pho after reading some of the reviews, but i was pleasantly surprised. As it should be with pho, I ordered my food, and it was out on a matter of minutes. They brought out hot tea, then came the pho, along with all of the fixings. 
I would say that there was a little less beef in the pho than i've had at one or two pho places in chinatown, and the thai basil was a little wilted, but still tasted good.
I'll be going back for sure!I got carryout from here and it was satisfactory. The service was super fast. I got the Vermicelli w/ Shrimp and some Spring Rolls. The Spring Rolls were good, and the shrimp were really really good. The vermicelli was just in a plain lump (which might be the way it usually is? I don't eat that much Vietnamese...) So I enjoyed the rolls and the shrimp, but everything else was bland and I felt like the price wasn't worth having half my food be plain/bland. If I could just get a heaping plate of the shrimp and skip the rest, I'd like that!!
And cash only!The service was quick and food was delicious. The shredded pork rolls were not as expected but great when dipped in the sauce that comes with them. Had the beef brisket pho that came with bean sprouts, jalapenos, lime and basil. Broth was by far the best part. Partner tried one of the combos with pork chops that looked delicious also.Popped my pho cherry here. Like a first love, nothing can ever compare. Thank you, Pho & Cafe Saigon.This place is really good. My wife and I go here whenever we crave Pho. It is inexpensive, quality, and you get free tea when you dine in.My mover Andrew  raved about this place being his favorite Vietnamese in West Philly.....So I tried it last Friday night. It was a cold, cold night and the tea they served was soothing. 
Service was quick and the server let me ask a couple questions about the menu: rick stick is thin noodle, rice flake is wide noodle and broken rice is really just a rice dish, plus they have big bowls of pho aka soup.
I decided to get a shrimp spring roll for my appetizer and they brought it out ASAP, which is good because I was hungry! And not to much wait time for the entree which was Rice Flake with Tofu and Mixed Vegetables. The sauce, i thought, was nice and flavorful. The Veggies were plentiful and Tofu cooked just right.
They didn't rush me, as a stream of customers came to place take out orders and some sit down.. I finished my whole pot of tea before embarking on my walk home in the crisp, autumn air.
They have Vegetarian dishes.
A sign on window reminds the customer CASH ONLY.I couldn't resist the convenience this place is to me. It only took a nice 15 minute walk to get here from school and I'm way too lazy to drive to Washington Ave during the weekday for viet food...
The place was what I expected. Typical hole-in-the-wall establishment, dingy table and chairs, small. I don't take any stars off the ratings for this because I knew what I was walking into. However, from the looks of it, I thought the pho would be cheaper. Don't get me wrong, it's not expensive at all, esp for any food around here.. but the portion size was much smaller than a typical pho place and was a little more expensive than I've had before. definitely not value or quality here but just.... meh, okay if you want vietnamese food in university city. The pho itself was alright, broth wasn't bland. Some of the pieces of meat had a weird color? Not sure if it was just me though.. The food does come out in literally 2 minutes. Wouldnt go back until I was REALLY dying for some pho, lazy and car-less. Otherwise, take yourself to Washington Ave or even Chinatown.When I was in college, I came here maybe twice and realized I really didn't like it, the flavor did not seem fresh  and I opted to drive all the way to Washington Ave for good pho even in my broke college days. 
Now years later, 4 years out of college I was really craving pho but didn't have the time to drive to Wash Ave. I thought, well they're still open , let me give them another shot.. maybe they're not as bad as I remember.
Terrible mistake. I have never left a restaurant after eating two bites before, until yesterday. I felt rude.. I felt bad, but it was truly disgusting and terrible. I ordered the chicken pho, so keep that in mind.. .maybe their beef is fine. but this was terrible.
 First off, the broth itself was the color of umm.. water?? Crystal clear with no apparent stewing of chicken for chicken broth, seriously the color of water, clear. Then, when you touched the broth it had this weird gelatinous texture to it, which I'm sure is due to the noodles not being drained after being cooked. The rice noodles are very starchy, I make this at home and if you dont' drain it, the starchiness will make your broth a weird texture. The broth itself didn't really taste like chicken, but more like.. salty water. And then I took a bite of the chicken, and that's when I left. The chicken had a terrible weird flavor to it, I can't even put my finger on it.
Needless to say, I will never return here, ever again. It wasn't even edible for mefirst place i had pho.  would definitely go back.  but, nothing to write home about.  don't like how early it closes.Right across the street from my apartment and with outdoor seating, this is the best hangover cure ever.
They have pho dishes, as well as rice and noodle dishes.
The pho is pretty good, but Chinatown and all of the Vietnamese places on Washington are too far in a pinch.
They have bubble tea, too, but the bubbles are weird textured.Pretty typical.
VERY hot broth, all the tasty sprouts, herbs, lime wedges you need. Nothing more. Nothing less. The price is also.. meh.
The 3 stars, A-OK rating was made for this placeI've been here a couple of times. The spring rolls can be good, but they tend to get over fried and greasy. The dipping sauce does help give some nice flavor to the spring rolls. The broken rice with chicken and lemongrass was pretty good. 
All this being said, the guy who does most of the order taking and food dispensing is very aggressive. All the times I"ve been there I felt like I've been on a clock. He's constantly hovering, taking things away and pushing you to finish. It's extremely unpleasant, especially if you are with a significant other and trying to enjoy each other's company. 
This place survives due to its location and prices. It wouldn't last a hot minute if it was on  or near Washington Ave.A mediocore pho place. If you're in UC and have a craving for pho, this will do the job. However, I think this is just a joint that caters to hungry college students who do not better. Only one person was serving/taking orders when we went, but he was very attentive as we were the only customer. Cash only.Yo...
This place is the truth. Since Megabus offers insanely cheap fares from DC to Philly, I'm always there visiting my line sister!! She lives directly across the street from "Saigon House" as I have dubbed this place. I've eaten here three times and have gotten the shrimp friend rice each time. Wait, my first visit I ordered the shrimp spring rolls too! Anyways...
My food is always piping hot and the portions are always big! I always have left overs and eat them later. You could honestly enjoy the rice with no sauce but the sriracha and the sticky brown sauce set it off! I always ask the cashier for extra! It's fresh, delicious, and CHEAP!! Paid $8.00 for the rice. $2.50 for the Spring rolls if I recall correctly.  BIG OH!! The service is super speedy! 
It's located in a trendy little neighborhood in West Philly, lots of hipsters and young adults. I gave this place a shot because I'm a sucker for hole in the wall joints!
I hope to try the bubble tea next time, but I gotta get over my phobia of the texture  of tapioca balls in my mouth. Creeps me out a little.  I would explore the rest of the menu but the rice is so damn good!!
I would've given it a 5, but the hours of operation are inconsistent making it difficult to plan my day (my days are planned around my meals!!).Went back had the pho and the fried springrolls again (ah so good), and also had the shrimp toast (OMG SO GOOD). Mmmmmm. Go here go here go here!!! Don't forget your cash. But there is an ATM just outside.The woman here knows my order by heart: egg roll, plus pho with flank, tripe, and beef ball (in large bowl). The service is the best in the city, as far as I know. You walk in, you order within seconds, and in about three minutes your food is on the table. Incredible.
Take-out is also a good option; this University City restaurant really has the packaging of pho down to a science. Your noodles and vegetables are served separately in a Styrofoam container, while your meats are dunked into that glorious broth to soak up all the flavors as you walk (or drive) home.  
If you really feel like treating yourself, get a bubble tea "Hong Kong Style." To order correctly, you must say, "One boba, please. H.K. Style." They won't hassle you if you get it wrong (like they do at Pat's and Geno's), but you don't want to sound ignorant in front of your friends.This place is great for grabbing a quick, yummy, and filling lunch in West Philly. 
The pho is pretty good, the vermicelli noodles with pork and springs roll is great, but I love their pork chop with a sunny side up egg. The food comes out super fast and is always good. I think I'll go this weekend. Note: only accepts cash (there's an ATM right outside).Simply put, the people who own this restaurant could care less about their customers. I arrive at 8:30pm and the rude waiter throws the menus onto the table, pressures us to order four times. Then we decide to take out and he makes us get up to get the food instead of bringing it over. The food was below average, the service was awful. Please never come here and give them your time and money. 
This place is a joke and should be closed down.Go and get the fried rice, grilled pork, and a jack fruit milkshake (or any other shake). This place has reliable, tasty Vietnamese food at very low prices.I absolutely love coming here for their pho and vermicelli noodles. Super fast service, great prices, and I love the quaintness of the place. Their smoothies are also wonderful! Excellent service for either take-out or dine-in.I love this place for its cheap, plentiful food and their strict "ignore the drunk athletes pounding 40s" policy.  While I'm not entirely certain it's a BYOB, my friends and I have been bringing 40s here for 4 years and counting, and no one has EVER said anything to us about it.  Their pho is decent, but I personally get the Steamed Broken Rice With Char, Pork Chop, Shredded Pork, Egg Quiche, Sunshine Egg.  God, it's glorious, comes out piping hot, and is perfectly balanced by the light, fragrant flavors of Old English.  
I miss college so much it hurts sometimes.this place rocks stars.  I call in and they say "5 minutes!"  and that's what it takes me to get there, running.  I run because I can't wait to get their #38!  All for a good price, no frills place, great food.  It can be busy but people are in and out an I've never had to wait.
They also have great fruit drinks, durian, papaya, watermelon, and the bubble tea is always an option, which they can make blended.  Sometimes I just get a drink but it's really hard not to get something to eat also.No, not this place. The dinner in this restaurant was the worst experience I've ever had. The food we ordered were served suspiciously fast. We ordered fried spring roll, pork spring roll, pho and lemongrass chicken vermicelli. Everything was cold as it were pre-made, and bland. Everything was bad, but I will just say my entree. The vermicelli I ordered was consist of 90% of noodles, 5% of lettuce and 5% of meat. The tiny portion of meat was so dried and bland that hard to chew and swallow through my mouth. So I left almost everything. While I was struggling with the food, the server never came to my table seemd like they went through this kind of customer so many times. Finally, she asked me if I wanted a box for to go.. When I said no, I couldn't forget her face but I don't mind it, because there is no one single chance to go there again in my life. They should have at least either one of them if they want to continue their business; service, taste, reasonable price, sanitation. Unfortunately, this place has nothing (+cash only sucks).There's nothing super noteworthy about this place, but I'd recommend it to anyone who's in the area and in the mood for some good, fast, and affordable pho.  The pho is pretty good.
There are a few seats outside, and ample seating inside, even though it's not a very big place.  It was not too crowded when we were there, and the service was super fast.   
Um... so yeah, that's basically all I can think of.  It's a simple, solid place - pretty good pho, affordable prices, quick service.  :)Had their noodles here once for take out one friday night when I just got bored and didn't want to make any food! HAH. Anyway, their noodles are good and the texture is good but they gave me completely raw meat. Not cooked at all, partially mooing. It was a little bizarre. I know that they typically give you raw meat but it's partly cooked every time that I have eating pho. Besides that, my friend had mentioned that she got sick one time here while eating their food so I was very cautious and made sure my meat was cooked before I ate it. The good thing is that they are super quick and got me the food very easily. And, their avocado milkshake is pretty delicious. I'm SO happy that they actually use real avocados instead of powder and they use ice with evaporated milk and blend everything together. SO good. This is a must for this restaurant for sure!Great value! Take out pho is the best! Chicken and Deluxe are my favorite so delicious and HUGE! Been many times and always nice and consistent the summer rolls (soft rice wrapper?) are delicious as well. They separate the Pho into the broth and the meat/veg so that you can take it home without it tasting like take out! Always delicous and fresh!bThis place has served me the worst Vietnamese food I have ever eaten. No joke. I don't understand the other reviewers at all. 
First of all, for Vietnamese food, it is pretty pricey. Second, my pho dac biet (the special) was not piping hot. Third, the meat in my pho was mostly fat. Fourth, my friend's vermicelli noodles were clumpy and slightly hard, either due to bad cooking methods or old noodles. 
But service was alright, so I guess an extra star for that.Very good food, cheap. Quick service.
I've been to Vietnam and eat a lot of Asian food as well as other types of foods. This place competes with the best pho that I've had. While the servers may be the nicest service you've come across in a restaurant, they are just and we come here often.i cook better! seriously, much better! service was terrible. the server reached through all our food to fill up stack of spoons at the end of our table! sweet potatoes were under-cooked. no one said "thanks" or "enjoy"... maybe its good for meat eaters, but for vegetarians, go to any chinese joint and get the same crap for less $$$!
oh, the last but not least, the place is dirty too =(Cheap and quick and GOOD food
Wife gets the pho and it's great, I usually do the salad, great for a nice lunch or lighter dinner. 
Milkshakes are good too! Coconut so far is the best, avocado is good too. I haven't tried some of the other flavors but they have a huge selection. Pineapple shake doesn't blend as smoothly though.I ordered the vegetable fried rice and it was tasty. Not that many vegetarian options on the menu, and this was one of them. Good portion sizes too. I read another Yelp review which said "if you want to treat yourself, get the Hong Kong style milk tea". I was born and raised in Hong Kong and lived there for 18 years, so I know what good Hong Kong milk tea tastes like. This was definitely NOT good milk tea. It was overly sweet and tasted extremely artificial. 
Summary: good food. Bad milk tea.The service here is super fast and the beef noodle soup I order is usually ready within minutes after I order. However their beef is far less quality than a place like Sangkee's so the loss of the star. But the broth is good and I love their brown sauce that I think is Hoisin??? Whatever it is that is why I come here. The bean sprouts, lemon and basil on the side is nice.nothing great about this pho. if you want better stuff, head over to chinatown or washington ave. almost everything is better there.
ive only been here once. but it was not a great experience. 
i understand that when you go to a small asian eatery like this, you shouldnt expect the friendliest wait staff, but our server just seemed downright angry at us. he also got my order wrong. maybe it was a bad day for him.
anyways, if you want better pho and larger portions for the price, just cross over the schuykill. west phillys not a great place to find pho.