Great spot for a quick snack. Their "everything" pho is fantastic, a mixture of assorted meats and seafood. The owner is extremely chill.We ordered a BBQ pork hoagie and BBQ chicken on broken rice for takeout. Service was very friendly but they had made a pork broken rice instead of chicken, so I had to wait for a new one to be made. 
The food was good - the hoagie was flavorful and spicy, but the broken rice dish was a disappointment - only three small pieces of chicken were scattered on the rice.  Not really worth it for the $11 price tag.Came here twice with my boyfriend for a quick bite and each time the food is great. Very consistent. I love the vermicelli bowls and my boyfriend loves the pho dac biet. The summer rolls sauce is sooooo good i get an extra just to put in my vermicelli bowl. Definitely a good spot for a quick and cheap bite.One weekend I was too lazy to cook and kinda bored of my usual spots, decided to check out another restaurant in the area. Unfortunately, the placed was closed. Fortunately, I stumbled into this diamond mine.
There are three easy indicators of quality, authentic Vietnamese food:  the condiments, the herb fixings, and the appetizer offerings. Any one of the three would set it apart from just another restaurant on the block. This place checked two off the list.
I normally don't get Pho unless I'm having a craving so we got Bun Bo Hue (Hue-style Spicy Beef and Noodle Soup) Bun Rieu (Crab Noodle Soup) for our main meals with Bot Chien (Fried Rice Cake) as an app. Most menus come with the staple egg rolls and summer rolls; but if you have Bot Chien, it's a rung higher. For beverages, we got a durian smoothie and Pennywort mungbean drink.
The Good and the Ugly?:
- The fried rice cake came like a pancake that was sliced into bite-sized squares. Some places embellish their rice cake with Chinese sausage or dried shrimp, but theirs was simple yet didn't compromise in taste. Accompanied with egg and pickled vegetables and a vinegary soy dressing, it was a perfect start to dinner.
- Super deep flavor for both soups on its own. Each came with an accompanying condiment that aren't normally provided at other restaurants. Bun Bo Hue has a rich lemongrass flavor that complements well with a sate. There was a sate paste that you mix with lime for dipping your meats. Bun rieu came with a homemade shrimp paste that had a citrus undertone which goes well with the crab noodle. The restaurant also doesn't skimp on its protein.
- $4 for a durian smoothie made with fresh fruit. Normally, you pay more for one made with powder. What a steal! The drink was the right amount of sweet and creamy.
- Slight downside is that it's food is priced a bit higher than its competitors, but you pay for quality! Am I right?
Another note-worthy benefit of this restaurant is customizable Pho. Typically, you either search for the pho combination you want or if it's not there, you need to dish out the cash for add-ons. Here, in addition to the typically combinations, you can create your own bowl with your choice of 3 different meats. I think a pretty genius solution that keeps customers in mind.
A full and happy belly. Since it's only blocks away, already have my next visit planned.Ok while I will admit I have never actually been in this restaurant because I get it take out. But thinks the most tasty take out ever!!! I can't wait to get home to order this food. Good portions awesome taste. Extremely multi dimensional and flavorful. I like the seafood soups the best so far. I want to try everything on the menu it is that good !Amazing place for Vietnamese food, especially for pho. It is hard to find good Vietnamese noodle soup and this place really delivers. I definitely recommend this place. One of the places I go to Pho and Vietnamese food.
P.S. The smoothies could use improvement. Not sure what goes in there but it is not just the fruit, ice, water and condensed milk.Best Pho ever!  Good, cheap and fast.  Very flavorful and a wide selection.  Highly recommend.Bahn mi was one the sweet side...you can find better but a good place to grab a quick biteStopped here based on the reviews.  It's a rather small, no frills place. We ordered grilled pork meatball with vermicelli wrap, egg noodles with wonton, shrimp & pork, grilled pork chop with rice, and steak cubes with fried rice. Everything was delicious! The waitress was even nice enough to have the chef make a small bowl of pho for my son. The broth for the noodles was delicious- It tasted homemade and I wanted to slurp up the entire bowl!  The wrap was great as well - they brought the rice crepes out with a thing of hot water. The waitress showed us how to dip the crepe in the water and wrap everything up. It was interesting and the pork meatballs were flavorful. I will definitely come here again!This place is the bomb!  Hidden in plain sight right on South Broad it's a perfect bowl of pho in the neighborhood with an exceptional flavour.
Rather than trek to Chinatown, we have some really good options here now.  Instead of just basing my decision on food flavour alone, I like to look at the ambience and cleanliness of a place.  Chinatown has some deplorable locations, as does the Vietnamese strip on Washington Blvd.
We're going here from now on !This place is solid. While I am more of a plain person and got the beef with fried rice my bf got Pho with sliced beef and meatballs. Everything was delicious, service was awesome atmosphere was serene but not awkward. I might have to come here separately for the iced coffee or mango smoothie with bubblesGreat Vietnamese restaurant placed in a different part South Philly. The neighborhood deff needed a place like this. The food is pretty authentic and they have a nice selection. I would recommend the pork chops, spring rolls, and clear noodle soup. 
They brought in more staff so the service is definitely faster and they're multilingual which is a big help. Will be back for more food!!Looking for a beautiful restaurant to impress your date?  Keep looking...  but if you're looking for authentic, fresh delicious Vietnamese food in a cozy local venue at an affordable place, check out Pho Cyclo Cafe.  An absolute mom and pop effort, service can be a bit on and off, but only because they are doing everything from taking orders and checks to preparing the food.  This area [below hipster East Passyunk] needs more venues like this.Authentic Vietnamese cuisine. Very satisfying. My friends and I ordered most of the menu and every dish was delicious!Food is soooo delicious here. However, they are understaffed!!! They only have have one person working and juggling everything (taking customers orders, cleaning tables, and etc.) It took about 20-25 mins to get our check and our take out! So overall, we stayed at the restaurant for at least an hour for dining and waiting time!But overall, it's a very nice and cozy place. My family loves coming here and we will definitely be back again when we visit Philly!!!I love this place. I go very often. It's such a great location. Other than the pho places on Washington Ave, I'd say this is the only pho restaurant I would go spend any money at in philly. And the staff is really friendly and not all pushy and miserable like at other pho spots. And it's nice and clean and usually have a decent crowd so u don't have to deal with idiots.Very solid pho. I had steak and tripe, and the steak was put in raw, so by the time had been floating around in hot broth for a little bit, it was cooked to perfection instead of tough. They bring out apps the moment they're done, so everything we ordered came out piping hot.Great food , great prices you will very surprised! Prices are inexpensive for the quality of the food you got. It's a simple place the food is excellent it's definitely worth giving it a try. I'm a very finicky and particular critical person on food so if I give it a good review the food must be goodI had a very good Tofu Bahn Mi here.  My partner very much enjoyed his meatball bahn mi.  This is a welcome addition to the neighborhood.  We're looking forward to further exploring the menu.What a surprise! Their signage outside is odd as you can miss it right on Board St. but once your walk inside, you are pleasantly surprised.
Apparently, this is their 2nd location as they have an established Vietnamese restaurant in southern Jersey.
Now to the food. My wife order the Pho Dac Biet and I was surprised again to see Bun Mam on the menu. I had to order it.
Both came out promptly and hot, but we both agreed it was just a smidge salty.
Great additional to this part of South Philly.
Legit.Great summer roll choices and even better Pho. It's a modest spot with low prices and great food. Not too far from the stadiums down the road too! Delicious and cozy experience!Went to get pho for breakfast since I live near by. Got the brisket pho. Waitress was nice. Will definitely return and try some other authentic Vietnamese recipes!This place is an excellent addition to the hood.   Food is amazingly fresh and tasty.   Service is great as wellI came here on a whim because I was near here and the reviews are pretty good. I got the beef bahn mi and it was the tastiest thing I could've hoped for
Nice and clean restaurant with calming music and a friendly staff. 
Eat here you won't regret it!Been here a few times, this is my first review though. At first, my (very traditional) grandmother and I were hesitant to try due to the location being on Broad St, but our curiosity got the better of ourselves and we dived in right away.
Delicious food, my grandma and I have yet to encounter a single bad dish. At the worst, it's bland. At its best, it's phenomenal.Not to mention, the staff is extremely welcoming and friendly. The older female waitress is like the friendly Vietnamese auntie you've never had- don't be afraid to ask questions! 
My grandmother ordered broken rice with charboiled pork, and I ordered goat curry. While the rice plate was pretty standard, my grandma noted that the meat's seasoning seemed to have more of a zestier flavor than usual, as if there was ginger in it. Vietnamese curry is more like a soup in texture than hummus, so the goat curry was super slurpable and delicious- not a hint of gaminess to be found.
Definitely cannot recommend enough.I try to go at least 2 times a month, sometimes as much as 5 or 6 if I can manage it. Been visiting this wonderful establishment for almost a year now, and I can't imagine getting pho in philly from any other place. Great prices, outstanding food, great staff, and quick service. A truly underrated gem!For me, this is the first pho place that has a banh xeo, which I liked.  I would describe the dish as egg-crepe with pork and shrimp filling. It came with lots of fresh vege.  I guess I was supposed to make a wrap with veges.  If not, well I did it any way. 
I also ordered a pho with steak and brisket.  No complain about pho.  
The pho costed me one or two dollars more than other pho places, but I was happy to see the menu that has more choices than regular pho place. I will try other types of Vietnamese noodle dishes that I didn't see in other places.Love that there is a Pho place on West Chester Pike! This place is great! I have ordered from them a couple of time and have went in to eat. I haven't had a bad meal yet!!! They do deliver and have maybe 10 tables inside. Get the fried spring rolls and the summer rolls! Then order the Pho and a pork hoagie!!This is a dope new Vietnamese spot that popped up in South Philly. Came here twice with friends during a recent trip to Philly and was impressed both times.  Their Báhn Mìs are absolutely delicious and really hit the spot, especially with a side of steamed white rice. My recommendation is to get the standard meatball báhn mì, because due to my personal tastes I didn't enjoy the, fried egg, pate and vietnamese meatloaf as much. (I called myself trying something unique, but it was still good nonetheless).
Their service is pretty fast and friendly, my only suggestion is that they write things down so they don't forget to bring out items for larger parties. Other than that Phô Cylco is pretty bomb.Was feeling like pho bc of the chilly weather and have never ordered from our neighborhood so after looking up a few places we settled on Pho Cyclo because they had a good variety and build your own pho which I'm a big fan of. We did pick up and the staff was very friendly! The portion is huge (I have enough for lunch tomorrow) and they package everything individually for you to add to the broth when you get home which I thought was thoughtful. I will definitely be dining here again!I dined here on Monday 13 November. I had the seafood Pho and everything was imitation. The broth had a pretty good flavor. I would try them again but not the seafood.This place rocks. Pho and Bahn Mi are awesome and cheap. Also BYO. Great food, fast service.Pho Cyclo is one of the first restaurants I visited when I moved to Philly, and it has remained one of my favorites. Their more typical offerings like Banh Mi and Pho are excellent, but I've also fallen in love with many of the less common (and very authentic) offerings from their extensive menu. Tonight's crispy pan fried egg noodles were out of this world!
 If you're on the market for authentic, affordable, and delicious Vietnamese food in a cozy and family-owned location, look no further!The best pho in south philly! Great flavor, service, and prices. Can't get any better than this. Skip the other more popular spots like Ha and SaigonA little hope in the wall but with GREAT food and excellent service! One of the BEST in Philly with authentic Vietnamese food.The pad Thai is very original tasting , the perfect amount of spice. A generally clean facility, and service was done swiftly and in a short amount of time.Finally went here and EVERYTHING WAS AWESOME. Run, don't walk. You won't be disappointed and you'll probably have leftovers. My bf and I shared three things and took home a meal. Im headed back there today to try the Banh Mi!Best pho in the city imo. Good fresh broth, no powder/packet. Small cute place. Bahn mi is great. Staff is always sweet.Amazing delicious broth and what a soup should have.
I ordered the 3 meat beef Pho.
The service was quick and would definitely recommend for family but not too big of party as the space is limited.
It's family owned so it feels that way how you get servedThis place has great Yelp reviews. I did not order pho which most customers at the restaurant were having. I chose two pan fried flat noodles with seafood and beef for takeout.  The food was kind of disappointing. The beef was hard to chew on, and the seafood had rubber-like squid. The Spring Rolls were not so delicious. Overall, I did have have anything that is worth a returned visit.The service was good.  Food was mediocre at best.  They use iceberg lettuce in their Bun Bo Nuong.  Leaf lettuce is traditionally used.  Additionally, my dish had about 2 mint leaves and no bean sprouts or cucumbers- cheap!  I expected better based on the reviews and "authenticity" others raved about.Can't say much more than another satisfied dining experience at a neighborhood restaurant. Went in with my heart settled on hot pot but decide to go with a variety of traditional Viet plates.
This time, the dinner breakdown was:
Canh chua ca (Sweet & Sour Soup with Catfish)
Ca kho to (Claypot Fish)
Banh Hoi Tom Thit Nuong (Steamed Rice Vermicelli with Grill Shrimp and Pork)
Banh Xeo (Sizzling Crepe/Pancake)
Now, if you don't like to eat with your fingers, don't get the latter two. But then you would be missing out on some tasty food.
What went well:
- The crepe came out sizzling hot and stayed crispy for every bite. A poorly mixed batter would result in a more dense and mushy pancake so the chef got it right keeping it crisp! Came with a heaping pile of fresh veggies.
- Vietnamese grilled meats always hits the spot because it was well marinated and seasoned. The steamed vermicelli was steamed well so the noodles kept together nicely without being dry. Typically, you would eat this with the usual homemade fish sauce. But here, the waitress knew we were here for authenticity so she brought out the mam nem (a pungent, sweet dipping sauce). The sweet, tangy, and saltiness of the sauce paired so perfectly with our rolls. Delish!
- The claypot fish had the perfect caramelization and a thick molasses-y sauce that you want from this traditional treat. Pairs nicely with the sourness from the soup and some rice to cut down the saltiness.
- Soup came with just the right combination of vegetables and herbs. Very aromatic and fresh! Warmed our tummies right up! The waitress also brought us some Thai hot chilies to make a dipping sauce with fish sauce to enjoy our catfish.
Another fulfilling dining experience in the books and I haven't even tried their Pho yet! Guess that's for next time!I really had high expectations for this place. I ordered take out for summer rolls and banh mi. The summer rolls were tasted pre-made, and I could smell the pork like it was made a few days ago or something. The banh mi bread was so tough it cut the roof of my mouth when I chew.Hands down the best Vietnamese food I've had in Philly. The flavors are amazing the portions are on point. Also excellent service every time.This was an absolutely excellent restaurant. You walk in and seat yourself. The food was quick and absolutely delicious. Overall the two dishes plus spring rolls ended up with a total of 23 bucks. My boyfriend and I left very full. Highly recommend the vermicelli with shrimp.I decided to try this place out on new year day ! It's a small and cozy place. Their menu is pretty large and I decided to try the pho special, since it was so cold out ! The pho was delicious! The broth was flavorful and a good serving size as well! I can not wait to come back to try other items on their menu.
Update 01/20/18
Return to pho Cyclo for another meal with some of the fellas. This time I ordered the hu tieu mi ca, which means rice noodles/egg noodles in fish soup. The soup was very flavorful, soup had chunks of fish, and the mixture of noodles were just right ! I would recommend this soup ! The owners are very nice people as well! The prices are very reasonable !The pho here is really, really good. I mostly get the Pho Tom (with shrimp), and I keep coming back for more. The shrimp fried rice is really good too!Always leave satisfied. Don't kick it til you try it. Pho with shrimp is absolutely amazing as well as their summer rolls.Hands down Best vegan pho in town, it's not on the menu, just ask! I've been here many times and my friends order a variety of dishes, none have been disappointed.This is a great find. Not elegant or fancy inside but this is that hole in the wall that you've been looking for. Been a few times and I've never been disappointed. The atmosphere inside is very casual but does the job. Dine in and takeout are both consistent and I will be going back as long as I live in Philadelphia. 
Highly recommend!Forgot an entire entree, that had cost almost $15.00.  Of course we didn't discover it until we opened the bag at home.  Completely forgetting a main dish is inexcusable to me, double check every order that goes out.  Won't be going back.I decided to try this place out on new year day ! It's a small and cozy place. Their menu is pretty large and I decided to try the pho special, since it was so cold out ! The pho was delicious! The broth was flavorful and a good serving size as well! I can not wait to come back to try other items on their menu !i need to put my review in because i eat here every week. i know this is a controversial opinion but i think this is the best pho in the city. fresh noodles, basil, jalapeños, and bean sprouts every time. pho 75 stopped making chili oil post covid so that was a big let down. they got all the fixins here. you cannot go wrong eating at pho cyclo!I'm all about welcoming more places to the area that offer veg friendly pho as it's been a tad difficult for me to find. We were definitely excited to try this new spot which has recently taken a home hidden in plain sight on south Broad. We had heard nothing it wonderfully things. 
The menu is huge, perhaps a bit overwhelming actually. Luckily they have numbers corresponding to the items for easy ordering if you, like me, will butcher the names of these Vietnamese dishes. 
We stuck with what we knew this time around to be able to compare dishes to other joints, but look forward to venturing out a bit more next visit...
Tofu Bahn Mi- excellent. 
The tofu was of the perfect consistency and marinated wonderfully. Great flavor and not terribly spicy even with the gutted jalapeño. The roll was crispy and the entire sammy was filled nicely. A winner and I can imagine the other varieties of this sammy are as well. I have a feeling I'll be sneaking in for this quite often. One of the best Bahn Mi I've had. 
Brisket Pho- ok 
The meat was said to be really great an given generously, but the broth which looked oily to me unfortunately needed a bit of spicing up. "Bland" was used to describe it. Bummer. It was ordered simply with just noodles, meat and broth, but still lackluster before enhancing. For a place that specializes in soups, I would think the broth should be a hit alone regardless of what else is in the bowl. 
Crab and shrimp rice noodle soup-good
Bite sized pieces of shrimp in every spoonful of this more creamy based soup. You wanna creep your kids out? Get them this soup which contained "worms" aka rice noodles. They weren't fans, but hubs was more than happy to step in and takeover. He loved this bowl and the flavor. To me it looked a bit gelatinous, but he slurped it down...very quickly and happily. 
Shrimp summer rolls-great. 
Hard to mess these up. Didn't see a tofu option but I'm sure the will oblige me next visit. Hoisin was tasty and they were decent sized, and inexpensive. 
Overall we were pretty satisfied and look forward to diving deeper into this massive menu next time. I'm happy to have some veg-friendly soups so easy accessible especially with the cooler months ahead. Takeout option will be something we keep in mind also. Soups were huge as they usually are in this cuisine. If you can agree on a variety, I would split one and enjoy some other plates also as they have so many interesting ones. We didn't share and had leftovers. Never a bad problem to have though. 
Super casual joint. 
Quarter meter parking. 
BYO
We were served by the owner who was working hard with her husband to keep the half packed house happy at dinner time on a Sunday night. She was pretty no nonsense and on top of water refills and getting our meals out remarkably quick.Great for takeout. No ambiance. If you love Pad Thai and can handle variety, try theirs.My friends and I did takeout from this place yesterday and all had a great experience. We had to wait 40minutes to pick up our food, but it was worth it. I ordered the lotus root salad with shrimp and pork. Very different, but I liked it a lot. Refreshing and filling. I never had lotus root prepared that way before. My friends ordered the bbq pork and tofu hoagie (bahn mi) and sadly all complained how hard the bread was. I tried some and agreed. Baguettes are supposed to be hard, but the bread yesterday was stale. The hoagie itself kinda lacked flavor and could've used more sauce. Maybe because the bread was so stale it was hard to taste the flavor of the hoagie? Or maybe the filling needed extra flavor? Maybe both? We also ordered the spring rolls, which was a win. Our food came with the complimentary chips. Tasted a bit like shrimp and I loved it so much! Wish they gave more because it was so addicting. My friend who suggested this place said their pho is amazing so maybe skip the hoagie and get the salad or phoI ordered pho to go, which I have done at other restaurants that usually give me great pho, however this restaurant gave me my noodles in a styrofoam container ( where am I supposed to pour the broth?) and raw meat. literally, they packed me some raw meat.This is a nice addition to the Vietnamese restaurants we have in the South Philly area.  Unfortunately, there is no parking, other than metered street parking on Broad Street.  I've been going later at night, so I have not had any issues with find a parking spot.  I've tried their banh mi's, fried rice, and pho.  I love they have a pho without beef, so it's just soup and noodles.  I often am craving the broth and noodles but I am not a huge beef person.  Their banh mi is one of my favorites in town, when it is made correctly.  There is a bit of inconsistency with how they make the banh mi.  Some chef makes it with scallions and lot of spread while the other doesn't have any scallion and little spread.  When it's made with the scallions and lot of spread, it is SO delicious.  And finally, their fried rice is very good.  It's not the yellowish ones that American Chinese places give you; it's real fried rice and delicious!We wanted to try this place after reading an article from the Philadelphia Magazine. We went on a week night. There were no customers dining-in but a few were picking-up orders for take out. The server had a stoic face aka RBF and no customer service skills at all. He didn't look stressed but obviously looked like he didn't want to be there. The food was edible but not the greatest. We ordered 2 bowls of pho and a summer roll which were all very mediocre. I also have to mention that their menus have outdated prices with a front-of-menu note asking for your sympathy because their prices have not been updated. In the end, we ended up disappointed for the price we paid. We could have eaten at our favorite Vietnamese restaurants for less.This is kind of on the higher end of Viet cuisine in terms of price, but doesn't really compensate with portion sizes or flavor. I got beef with broken rice to go, which came out pretty expensive ($12!) when compared to places along Washington Ave.
The actual portion size was shocking since it was about 10 strips of meat, a couple scoops of rice, and then the little side salad. To be fair, it was actually really good, but this seriously cannot compete with the other Viet places in the neighborhood where the same thing goes for like $10 and you get so, so much more.
This is the only item on the menu I've had (except the matcha latte, which was way too sweet) so perhaps other things on the menu are more worth their value, but I'd be cautious of broken rice dishes unless you have a small stomach.We ordered the vietnamese steak and eggs and the special beef pho noodle soup with eye round steak and beef meatballs. Excellent food and service!!! The steak and eggs was good but I really enjoyed my noodle soup, it was warming and comforting on a rainy day and the broth was very delicious, packed with a lot of flavor and...HEAT (because I added a lot of jalapeno for that extra kick in the mouth!)Sort of a small potion on the banh mi, and there was no jalapeño and very little mayo on the sandwich. They seem to be open for just take out and delivery this summer. Beef was alright and the bread was a good texture.Nice shmoody rainy type day, felt a crave for some comfort food the Vietnamese way. Me and the homie decided to try a new spot and so she got #72- broken rice pork chop combo, and I got the Pho combo. Size is very acceptable because I had leftovers. The broth was definitely what I needed, super flavorful and delicious, I was disappointed with the one piece of beef tendon I found in the soup, but it was well worth the trip. Will def be back to try their other dishes.I decided to try this place out on new year day ! It's a small and cozy place. Their menu is pretty large and I decided to try the pho special, since it was so cold out ! The pho was delicious! The broth was flavorful and a good serving size as well! I can not wait to come back to try other items on their menu.
Update 01/20/18
Return to pho Cyclo for another meal with some of the fellas. This time I ordered the hu tieu mi ca, which means rice noodles/egg noodles in fish soup. The soup was very flavorful, soup had chunks of fish, and the mixture of noodles were just right ! I would recommend this soup ! The owners are very nice people as well! The prices are very reasonable
Update 01/27/18
I tried the Mi bo Kho (beef stew noodles)! The broth was so flavorful and delicious !!Food here never disappoints. Authentic taste and clean atmosphere! My go to everytime is dry Hu Tieu Nam Vang but most items that I've ordered before are top notch as well!I used to love this place and recommended many people to try the food here. When it first opened, their bun mam and pho were amazing. I just got take out a couple days ago and the food simply does not taste the same. Bun mam lacked the flavor and pungency this dish is known for. The pho was bland. So disappointed and now I either have to learn to make bun mam or find another place that can make it.Best egg rolls and spring rolls I've ever had, and I always order egg rolls and spring rolls anytime I get Vietnamese food. The pho was tasty!! I wish they had oxtails, but the XL was big enough for two. The shrimp fried was pretty good too. I'm def ordering again!!!We ordered through Uber eats for takeout. The packaging was very well done. The broth is amazing, very flavorful and the portion sizes are large. I'm not giving it 5 stars however because the description was misleading. We ordered the special pho with steak, beef balls, and tendons but the meal only had a couple pieces of steak. Besides that, it was really good.I love eating here because the food is delicious, and they are super aware when it comes to food allergies...not always the case with Asian cuisine. I've had the lemongrass tofu w/ rice vermicelli, the bbq chicken with broken rice, the Bo Luc Lac, and the pho. The pho is especially nice when I'm feeling a bit under the weather. My boyfriend and I come here often because it's close, reasonable and delicious! :)Beef pho broth was very good.  Flavorful, aromatic. Didn't need much add-ins.  Best I've had in a while....this place beats the Chinatown stops.  
Tried my friend's chicken pho and it was also pretty good!  
Good ratio of meat to noodles in all our bowls.
Heads up: Thai tea was a powdered drink mix, not real steeped tea :(  
Would be back.Favorite restaurant in south Philly--1 of my fav in the city! Every single dish is made with love. Dine in or takeout is delicious. Love the salted fish fried rice, bun dac biet, and broken rice with shrimp paste in tofu skin. Their soups are exquisite and each with a different and delicate broth. Eaten here dozens of times with my family. I recommend to any and everyone! You will be addicted!!!One of the best spots for pho outside of Washington Ave and Chinatown. 
The beef broth is rich, flavorful, and savory, and they don't skimp on the meat. The spring rolls are perfect - crispy on the outside but full of tasty pork/mushroom goodness on the inside. Don't sleep on the fruit smoothies, either! A perfect complement to a piping hot bowl of noodles. Lychee is my favorite flavor here. 
Really cozy place, and the servers are always sweet and friendly.  My boyfriend and I went for the first time on New Years Day of 2019 (miserably hungover, mind you - because what better for your hungover, sorry self than a bowl of pho), and have already been back many times since. 
Felt a little guilty cheating on Pho 75.... but trust me, this place is worth the infidelity. Check it out!It's a nice small shop on broad street. The pho there is tasty and so are the bahn mi. However, they don't use pâté on the bahn mi and rather a chilli jamConvenient location for me because I live right up the street. New to the neighborhood. Nice and small pho spot.
For the food : price per bowl was good. Bun bo hue wasn't the greatest I've ever had in my life, but it was pretty good! Perfect spice and not as salty, generous portion. The pho with beef I must say wasn't good at all. The broth is full of star anise flavor, doesn't taste like it was simmered with beef at all and it was actually a very small portion for pho. The Vietnamese coffee was overly sweet, too much condense milk, and doesn't taste like it's the drip coffee, tastes like the bagged one yuck! Overall, great place to pop in for a quick, inexpensive and filling lunch!