At the top of Chinatown, Pho 20 was not so busy, but it should be.  Pho was excellent and under $8.  Summer roll was generous and tasty with peanut sauce on the side.  The Banh Mi was toasted and freshly made.  Also delicous.  Service was prompt and attentive.  We would recommend this place.In town overnight and wanted something quick and easy to eat in my room while I worked. I looked on Yelp and found some pho restaurants. Ordering was easy, the delivery was faster than expected, the food was hot and delicious. The pho broth was fantastic! Lots of flavor, super hot, with very fresh basil, bean sprouts and jalapenos. I was somewhat concerned about pho to go but the packaging was great.Colleagues and I decided to try this new place, It was a great size pho place in chinatown. Service was inconsistent... 4 bowls of same order 3 came in and the other 1 came after 15 minutes ? What ? That's crazy. Maybe we'll try again to see if that was just a first time experienceBest pho in Philly!  The vegetarian pho has the crispiest most flavorful tofu I have ever tasted, the vegetables are fresh and the wait staff was fun.  They give huge portions.  Great for lunch, dinner or a super late night meal, I have to admit that it is best when it's cold outside but I could eat pho anythime.  If you are in Chinatown, stop at Pho 20.I absolutely recommend coming here! This is the only best pho spot in chinatown. I love the flavorful broth, it just reminds me of the pho places in Vietnam I've been to. If you're like me I'm super picky about how my pho is made and this pho place hits the spot. Pho cali and choo choo are just not up to beat with Pho 20 considering its been in chinatown before Pho 20. Its worth every penny and it's inexpensive!The food at Pho 20 is consistently fresh and delicious. The staff is always friendly.Came here on a blistering cold night recently and was really in the mood for pho. Heard good reviews about this place and thought about giving it a try for awhile. Immediately when we came in the server sat us down and gave us hot tea which was really appreciated. He took our order right away with the food coming out in less than 10 minutes. We ended up ordering pho ga which was really good. Broth was tasty and the veggies were fresh. Chicken was bland, but that's forgivable. I also decided to order their fresh orange juice which was amazing. Im not a fan of orange juice, but theirs tasted freshly squeezed and less acidic than store bought orange juice. I will definitely be back again.Great food! Wonder why the ratings are so low. I guess they are slightly more pricey than other Viet places (but still really cheap) but the place is clean, the food good, and they take credit cards and stay open late!!A friend of mine from Vietnam came to visit for a few days and asked if i knew any good traditional Vietnamese restaurant. Took him here and he loved it! We ordered a banh mi (thank goodness we did because they were selling out due to high demand) and a pho special. Food came out hot and fast.
Staff was great and the place was clean. Would highly recommend!Don't sleep on this place. I love pho. I was raised with pho and I've tried other pho establishments. Pho20 broth is delicious! And the best thing, it's probably the only pho spot that stays open LATE! So if you're out partying and you need to sober up, Pho is the way to go. Or if you're hungry and it's late with nowhere to go, add this place to your options. You won't regret it. Service is awesome and the piping hot pho comes out quick. You'll thank me later.Completely forgot what I ordered but I do remember loving it!The pho here is sooo good! And it's open until 3 am on Fridays and Saturdays, which was great because I came super late one weekend. our server was very nice and very polite. The pho came out quickly and had a big portion of meat. It was a really good price, I think it was around $8. I got the pho dac biet. The broth was very good too. I really liked pho 20 and will def come back.Saw that this opened up, & I wanted to try it, Even though my Go-To..on other street..
I went here with friend of mine last night,it was clean & sat down quickly. The menu wasn't too bad & prices were good. I ordered C1- Broken Rice with Pork chop& omelet & my friend got shrimp with rice..
When the food came, The ratio of meat To rice & veggies was off. What I mean by that, pork was small & barely any meat on it, with bone. So You get more Rice , pickled slaw & veggies . 
Hmmm, the service was good , but meat ratio was little off, as have been to other Vietnamese restaurants, this was one that was skimpy in meat deptmt. 
Not sure ..
Return factor:
Maybe..But think my go-to might be better!!Like all the Pho numbered restaurants, this place provides all the household Vietnamese dishes we've grown to love. So what makes this place any different from the rest? 
Well for starters, the banh mi (Vietnamese hoagie) packs a delightful combination of flavors, from the savory taste of the pate to the buttery paste smothered into the soft toasted Italian roll, delivered daily from what I was told. They usually sell out of these babies so I would suggest coming early. 
I started my meal with a traditional Vietnamese appetizer the banh xeo (Vietnamese crepe) paired along with the Vietnamese nuoc mum (fish sauce). For those of you who don't know about the juice mum, it can either make or break your restaurant and I must say that I enjoyed the fish sauce a little too much I almost drank it. 
For my entree I decided to go with pho special (Vietnamese noodle soup). The broth was just as tasteful as the nuoc mum and I am very much looking forward to coming back to try what the menu has to offer. 
The best part about this place is that they are open late on the weekend Friday and Saturday until 3am. 
So if you are looking for a late night Vietnamese craving then this is your go to spot. 
I know I found mineThe food is always delicious and the staff is always super friendly.
Pho 20 will continue to be on my list of great places to eat.First off.... they spelled pho wrong on their sign and the shirt they have on display is definitely wrong. How can you spell the main dish of your restaurant wrong? At least it's spelled right in the menu. I understand this is a Chinese owned pho restaurant but that doesn't mean you shouldn't spell the Vietnamese dish correctly. It was shocking, I didn't even noticed till on my way out of the restaurant.
Venue was bigger than expected, semi clean, the bathrooms were disgusting. But this is typical Asian restaurant, they are never known for their cleanliness. 
Service was friendly and quick. Our food came out within 5 mins of ordering. They constantly checked up on us, but then again we were only 1 of 4 customers at the time. But still service is again not an Asian restaurant's priority, usually.
Food. Pho was okay, it was average. The broth was a sweeter broth, clear, and had depth. Not enough meat to noodle ratio, and what meat you did get were torn to pieces and not well cut. Noodles were cooked perfectly. Again meats were lacking and could've been more or at least larger or thicker. Also ordered the spring rolls. Which reminds me of how crazy wrong their menu translations were. They translated Vietnamese egg rolls as spring rolls. And then translated Vietnamese spring rolls as summer rolls. This sort of translation doesn't even coincide with the typical American understanding. As I can tell, when Americans tried to translate spring rolls (usually anything wrapped in rice paper is simply spring roll) they made it more complicated by calling things winter rolls and summer rolls depending on what vegetables and herbs were in season. That sort of terming was not the case here. It was just complete wrong translation just as they spelled pho wrong on their big light up sign outside.
Parking is very limited. Either uber, walk, or public transit it. If not expect to spend at least 10 mins waiting for a spot to open up.
Overall, an okay pho spot. It's unfortunately located on the outskirts of Chinatown so not the most convenient. Will not be back, once was enough for me. Happy eating!I accidently discovered this place when I was on my way to Love City Brewing. Last Friday I had an urge for a Pho and decided to try it. I was surprised how good it actually was. Bowl was big and soup had a lot of meat and fat which I like. I have a feeling this place will become my go to spot for Pho. 
PS
Minimum cc charge is $10The Durian Smoothie is definitely the best smoothie in Chinatown, unless you don't like durian...Pho 20 is my preferred go to restaurant for beef pho. I live on the edge of Chinatown and over the years sampled a good number of Pho in the neighborhood. The beef broth is consistently rich and flavorful.  And everyone I have ever encountered here has been incredibly kind and helpful.I ordered 2 types of pho and an order of vegetable summer rolls tonight through GrubHub. I ordered pho with rare beef and flank and my boyfriend ordered rare beef and brisket. We received the rare beef and brisket, and a combination of pork, tripe, shrimp and fish ball - not what we ordered, albeit very good! (To be honest neither of us ate the fish ball or the tripe.) Because none of the meat came in the broth, we were able to mix and match everything and both ended up with a delicious bowl of broth chock full of beef, brisket, pork, shrimp, and tons of bean sprouts, jalapeño, noodles, lime, and basil. The portions were very generous and we were both blown away by the richness of the broth - which arrived hot enough to cook the rare beef, by the way. The summer rolls were also good. 
Even with the delivery error, we would order again just for the rich, delicious broth.This place is amazing. Their food is delicious and always leave nothing to complain about. As an EMT, I once ran in on shift starving and gave my order as she showed me my table. I got my pho, no lie, a minute later. Service is that amazing. I've come in with a big group before and everyone also was served and treated the same.I order it at 9:30pm because I see it will be deliveries by 10:54pm. However, at 11:00pm, status changes to begin delivery and estimated at 11:59. What's worse, I have no food because the driver misplaces food. No food, no excuse for changing delivery time, no honor.We had two Vermicelli and one Pho as well as the bbq short ribs. We were all extremely pleased at how good everything was. The Pho's brisket was soft and tender and the Vermicelli was excellent. Also, the prices were great! We had large portions and the prices were good.They have soooo many options. The pho is consistently good and I always order spring rolls too. Definitely worth the money.My and my bf's favorite pho place in Chinatown! Quiet, calm atmosphere with attentive, friendly staff. The pho is delicious! Always clean with quick service!I kept mentioning Vietnamese food to my co-workers who have never had it before and told them that they're missing out. We decided to come here during lunch on a Friday... It wasn't very busy for a Friday which was surprising, so I expected the service to be quick. After sitting there for about 10 minutes, we finally ordered our food. Most of us ordered pho, some ordered other rice dishes. We all ordered drinks as well.
We were waiting and waiting, 30 minutes go by and we still haven't received our food or drinks yet. I was wondering what was going on, it usually takes less than 5 minutes from the time you order to get your food. We finally get our drinks, the manager, I'm assuming, apologized and said that they were very backed up. One of the issues that I noticed was that there were multiple people that came in after us got their food before us. My co-workers were getting frustrated. One of my co-workers ordered a Vietnamese spring roll (goi cuon) and that still didn't come yet. We told him that we had to go back to work very shortly and he said he would try to speed up the service. After another few minutes come by, our food finally came. The spring roll didn't come until after my co-worker's pho had come so she was even more frustrated at this.
The pho was actually decent but the service was lacking.The food was not good. My bf and I both order pho, his soup have no taste. The restaurant is hot because there is no ac.Best Pho in Philly Period.
Huge portions and good prices all around. 
I recommend the coffee if you want a special treat :)Great place for a delicious, hearty Vietnamese meal! Got the honey glazed chicken wings-good amount of sweet to the saltiness and adds great flavor to the tenderness of the chicken wing. We also the bun bo hue-classic spicy Vietnamese dish with a thicker noodle than regular pho noodle. It's got fatty pieces of meat which make the dish even more scrumptious. Finally, got the bbq pork chop with quiche which is basically like a delicious meat with egg mixed in! Came here for a late night dinner-was perfect because it is one of the few places in Chinatown open so late on a weekday! Definitely coming again when I can:)Ordered delivery on a Sunday at 11:00 am and got it by noon. Got the rare steak pho and a green matcha bubble tea. The pho was everything I was craving: fresh ingredients, great broth, tons of steak and noodles. The broth was warm and not piping hot probably from the commute. But overall it hit the spot and I'd defy order again.Ordered pickup from yelp app, didn't really know what we were doing but just went for it. We were very pleased with everything even with lack of description for some of their items. They give you everything you need when you take out so it was very easy, similar to eating pho in the actually restaurant. And the woman who was working was so welcoming and helpful about future orders! Good service and food tasted freshI've tried the pho here but I think I'd try something else like the com tom. The service here is alright and I do think I will come back.Although I've never been to this place, I have ordered food for delivery from them many times.  The good is great, inexpensive, and they don't use MSG!This is my favorite pho place in the city! After trying tons of places, we always end up choosing to order from here instead. The pho is always phenomenal and comes in such a timely manner! I suggest getting your broth spicy, it adds a perfect kick!Good place to go.
- It is cheap
- food is good and abundant
- waiter is friendly and helpful
- the pho is tasty for that moneyConvenient location. Delicious food. Impeccable service. I work nearby at Ken's Automotive. As fellow grease monkeys know, it can get hectic during peak hours. Though they do not have a delivery system for themselves, they are kind enough to go out of their way to deliver to us.
My coworkers and I love ordering their special beef pho and Vietnamese hoagies. The takeout soup container is actually bowl shaped, which makes it convenient for us to eat and work. The soup is always piping hot and flavorful. The hoagies are nice and flaky on the outside, warm and soft on the inside. Just the way it's suppose to be. Also the mango smoothies are amazing!Yum. I thought I had chosen poorly when I walked in & was the only one in the restaurant (granted, on a Sunday at 6:30pm), but the constant stream of people picking up take-out orders was a good omen and the food made me glad I stayed. Yum. BBQ spring rolls, pho with rare beef, well done beef, and tendon and a lemon soda... excellent. Walked around for a half hour after and I'm still full.I order it at 9:30pm because I see it will be deliveries by 10:54pm. However, at 11:00pm, status changes to begin delivery and estimated at 11:59. What's worse, I have no food because the driver misplaces food. No food, no excuse for changing 
New: the restaurant explains what happened. I agree that's a delivery problem. I was angry then. That's fine now.This place is pretty good, it deserves better ratings. I came here and tried their summer roll, chicken wings and chicken pho. The service was pretty good, food came out fast and water was also refilled. I'll probably come back to this place in the future.
My friend and I found their summer roll to be particularly good, not only to do put the standard items inside the roll but they also added some crunch by putting in the shell of spring rolls and they also put slices of meat inside as well. 
I really like how this place serves chicken pho, which is usually not in many pho restaurants. I really liked their broth as well.
The chicken wings were pretty standard. I like how this place has variety. This place could be a great place to come after a long night of fun and you and your friends want to grab a second dinner. They open late till 3am!Great Vietnamese food. Fast delivery with grubhub. Pho was really flavorful and the spring rolls were really goodMy new favorite place for pho and more. Strongly  suggest you to try it.
The only thing -be patient with servers, some of them don't speak English and could make mistakes in your order.  Like I ordered spring roll (egg roll) and they gave me an egg over easy, or I got rice noodle and got rice instead. It could be complicated. 
But they are willing to help you and correct there mistakes, everyone very friendly, place is clean and sunny. 
Very happy, that they opened that spot, cuz I live only a  block away.A few months ago we stopped in for take-out bubble tea, and it was so good that we instantly planned to come back for a meal. 
Well, we finally made it back and it was pretty disappointing. The bubble tea tasted good but they had really small cups and there were hardly any bubbles in it. The pho was too rich (greasy) but the meat was tough and bland, and both of us left with stomach aches.Especially as the weather grows cooler, delicious nutritious clean scallion and bok choy broth base chock full of rice noodles, crisp vegetables side with a fresh squeeze of lime and sliced jalapeños to compliment each other...choose your protein to add, this night: tender raw steak slices that I let get to tender medium rare before eating. $9!Value with pleasant service. At the top of 10th at Vine, park and walk after down into bustling Chinatown. BYOB.Definitely satisfied my Pho craving! Always happy when I can find gluten free vegetarian food!sometimes  I don't understand  how people rate one star when they only tried one of their items. 
I had lunch there when they had their grand opening and the pho wasn't that great but that's not the only thing they have there of course. I don't like the soup base. 
my 2nd visit I had broken rice with bbq chicken and that hits the spot. 3rd visit they intro me a honey chicken wings. that was perfecr. best wings ever.  hope they would give me bigger wing . location is great for me so i would not travel to south for veit food if i can have something better here. that's the  1st  star.
2nd star. the waiter was really nice and looks ready to serve every time you ask for him. 
3rd star. the place is clean and neat. including  the bathroom
4th star. I like the design  and layout of this veit restaurant more than anyone I have been to. including  the ones in south Philly (for those whose hyped about south Philly veit restaurant )
5th star. the price is fair. yes is that simple.Yummy delivery Pho. Bummer that 1/4 of one of the broths spilled into the paper bag before delivery.  
I'll definitely order again and cross my fingers for more of their yummy broth!Food is amazing! Have had the bun (rice  vermicelli noodles) with pork and spring rolls, beef short ribs, and beef pho (and durian shakes) many times, and they're all very good and authentic. This place has become our go-to local pho spot, and the staff is really friendly too.Used ubereats today and ordered Seafood pho. The original price is a bit expensive (but Uber gives a -15$ discount, XD). But the delivery is packed in a good way, seafood and vegetables are very fresh. Will try dine in next time.2.5 - Came here when they first opened and felt the broth was clear but a bit soapy (lots of bubbles) and friends said they weren't feeling the broth for some reason or another. 
 Thought Id give it another try today and to my surprise, there were more than 3 patrons in the restaurant. (Everytime I come, about 5 ish times now or walk by, it's always pretty empty) i got the P11 and the broth was very brown, muckled (maybe I got the end of the pot) but the soup tasted funny! I left with half my bowl intact and hungry. How are you gonna call yourself a pho restaurant have have funny tasting pho. 
Also, service was kinda Slow. Maybe cuz we sat at the farthest booth but we werent checked on once after getting our food and didn't get our check. We just opted to pay at the counter and leave. I believe there was only 1 server for lunch. 
I may come back for the rice platter but for pho? Id go elsewhere.This time I ordered takeout cause everywhere was closed. I had a bad experience last time I visited and hopefully it would be better. But to my disappointment it's still the same. The broth had this weird taste to it. Only good thing was it came with a bowl to make it so much easier to eat compare to other places. But again the broth was bad !!!!I love this place! I've ordered from here through Eat24 a bunch of times and they never disappoint.  Awesome food on the cheap, and insanely quick service.  
Pho:
I'd say my favorite is the rare steak and well-done flank, but the combinations are plentiful.  The broth is really flavorful and arrives nice and hot.  The best part about this place is that they deliver their pho in large plastic bowls which include everything except the broth and bean sprouts (see my photo attached).  Sounds trivial, but as a dude with no dishwasher I have a deep appreciation for these things. 
Honey Glazed Chicken Wings:
A must try.  The flavor is amazing!  Sweet and salty, and served with a really savory soy dipping sauce.  
Summer Rolls:
Another winner.  They place a strip of fried wonton inside of the the roll which adds an awesome crunch.  The peanut dipping sauce is killer too.The food was bad! There was no flavor and really disappointing. I ate some and threw the rest out. I ordered Pho and there were no utensils. Delivery was very late and the food was lukewarm but that is probably Grub Hubs fault.My friend and I got the honey glazed chicken wings, spring rolls, summer pork rolls and I got a jasmine ice tea. Chicken wings and the spring rolls were off the chart amazing. The summer pork rolls were not to our liking. The texture was gritty and cold along with dipping it into peanut butter sauce. The service was great. Very attentive and friendly. I would definitely go back again.I've only lived in Philly for about 3 months but I've been here almost 10 times already. Food is pretty cheap for the portion and deliciousness. Tons of meat, and noodles.The broth is great, and it has been consistent almost every time. Unfortunately there was one time I went when the broth was extremely salty, but all other times have been delicious!
They have Bahn Mi which isn't spectacular but still pretty decent. My bf loves the summer rolls, and the spring rolls are a decent appetizer too.Solid Vietnamese joint in Chinatown.
It's a really spacious place so it's great for coming with larger groups. The menu is extensive, and their prices are very reasonable. 
I ordered the bun bo hue because it's my all-time favorite Vietnamese noodle soup. I come from a city where parts of it is deemed "Little Saigon" so trust me, I know a good bun bo hue when I taste one. Sadly, Pho 20 did not impress me with their bun bo hue. The soup, while flavorful, lacked that spice factor. It also did not have some bun bo hue staples, such as the pig's blood, and veggies on the side were the wrong type of veggies that typically go with bun bo hue. I will say that their meat was pretty tender, so at least they have that going for them. All in all, my bun bo hue was decent, and it did hit the spot on a cold and rainy night. Pho 20 is a new establishment so there will be tweaks throughout the food as they're growing. I was not impressed when I first went there, but hopefully in the future, I can give it another shot and have a better tasting experience!I might have been spoiled by nam phuong, but I believe I came into this restaurant without too high of an expectation. Even with a low expectation,  this spot has failed me. I got pho and usually I could be easily satisfied. But the pho was ridiculously salty. Granted I came pretty late and night so I might have gotten the end of the soup batch. But still I think I left with hypertension. Maybe I'll give it another try but more likely I won't.Decided to go on a late pho run and found this place! Was not disappointed!! Friendly staff and food was up to par. My friend had the pho bowl - meat was very fresh and probably the best pho bowl he's had. I had the bon bo hieu, which was super tasteful. The broth was flavorful and spicy - enjoyable spicy. The meats that came with it were excellent as well. Decided to also get the almond milk tea for dessert. Definitely one of the best almond milk teas I've had and I've had a lot!I came to this restaurant because the usual pho places I go to were getting ready to close.
So I ordered 2 bowls of pho, (1 with brisket and beef, 1 with meatballs and shrimp) and when I received both bowls, I noticed one looked a lot fuller than the other. When I dug my chopsticks into the lighter bowl... I realized the noodles were missing...  is that not the main part of the dish?
the waitress even tried to say that the bowl came with just the toppings  til the hostess came and told her it obviously does come with noodlesI've only ever ordered takeout from here, so I can't comment on the service or ambience or presentation of food. 
I'm a regular customer for their broken rice with beef short ribs. The marinade they use on the short ribs is phenomenal - highly addictive!  The wings are good as well. Not a fan of their chicken or pork.  
The prices are competitive and the staff that greets me when I pick up my food are courteous.  I will continue to be a patron of this establishment...mainly for their short ribs ;)BEST in Chinatown area.  I cannot visit Chinatown without walking into this shop and ordering something.  This food is made with love and you can definitely tell.  I have had the pleasure of trying all of the Bahn Mi selections, the pho and my absolute favorite the omelette.  The omelette is stuffed with veggies and seafood ans has the mos satisfying crunch.  Yes its oily but its amazingly wonderful to stuff your face with.  The portions are massive for the price but trust me you will not stop eating.  It is everything that you could ever ask for in a meal and more.  When people ask me about the best Pho i have ever had, I will always say Pho 20.  Please visit this location and come hungry.  You will not be disappointed.One of my favorite restaurants in the area. Every time, the pho is rich and flavorful, with plenty of very fresh, crisp vegetables. They have the fastest service!Best Vietnamese food in Chinatown. Normally would go down to Washington Ave for Vietnamese food, and this place is on par or better. The other pho places in Chinatown are pretty lackluster: xe Lua and pho Cali. 
The bahn mi here is awesome.Ordered V6 and the service was spectacular. When I went for dinner on a Wednesday night, the place wasn't packed (maybe like 50% filled) so you don't have to wait in line.Will never go back, the Pho was terrible. The consistency was off, the meats were not cut properly, the noodles were way too thick and the broth was bland. Worst Pho I ever had. If this is your 1st time trying Pho, go somewhere else, there are so many other better places right in China Town, Like Vietnam Palace. Plus the waiter could tell I did not like it and did nothing about it, I left the table with a full bowl of pho and for me that is unheard of, dont Waste your money! It's sad seeing all these Pho restaurants pop up all over Philly and yet only a few really know how to make this delicious dish.There's something in the pho soup that makes my mouth feel weird after consuming, which is why I'm removing 1 star from this place. Maybe too much msg? I get super thirsty afterwards as wellI love Pho and am happy I found this restaurant. I usually order takeout. Food is great, prices are ideal. Definitely will return.Awesome place for Pho. I like Pho here even more than Pho xe lua. However, the place is hardly crowded and most of the time we were one of the only few customers there, probably due to the inconvenient location of this place. I love their bun/ com thit nuong, and their wings  with honey (sth like that) are tasty too. Serving time is pretty quick (again, most likely due to the low # of customers here), and the price is about the same compared to other places. They dont have that many selections as other Vietnamese restaurants in Chinatown, but the food there deserves a visit.Came here last night after 10pm with a large group of friends. The staff was super friendly and accommodating! We love coming here after our basketball practices and Pho 20 is one of the only spots open this late. 
A few of my companions got the pho dac biet and a Banh mi thit nuong. Both delicious! Another got a special order...3 pieces of only BBQ chicken. Most places would scoff at us for ordering off menu, but not here! I got a bun dac biet. The cha gio was nice and crispy. The grilled pork aromatic. And the BBQ shrimp flavorful. 
Our server Jenny was fast and attentive! She's the best! Would recommend to anyone!Portions are good, food is good and the drinks that they make are surprisingly good as well. Also feels really cozy inside.Love the food , best I've found in Philly. But what I don't like is to feel I'm being extorted by having a minimum tip.
Some of your drivers don't even come to the door and I have to walk to their car. Customer service means just as much as food. Maybe when I'm able to pick up I'll order again. But your not making me "minimum tip" anyone ever again. Not when you don't come to the door. So the grub hub driver just made you lose a custWhenever I am in Philly I make sure to stop in.  The pho is delicious and the portion size is very big for the price.   The restaurant is always clean and the staff is friendly.  The banh mi sandwiches are also very good and cheap.  I have tried a few other items and they were all good as well.Nothing like a big bowl of pho to get your inner warm & fuzzies going. Pho 20 has become one of my family's go-to Pho joints. It opens later than the average pho shop too (11PM on weeknights.) The broth is deep and flavorful and the portions are generous. I think they're even MORE generous with the meats if you get your pho to-go. Maybe just my experience but you might wanna look into that. The Banh Xeo is also delicious. Crisp to perfection and stuffed with lotsa' goodies. Don't forget the vietnamese iced coffee either!  Strong and sweet, the way it should be. Pho pho-ever.I ordered spring rolls (which I love) to go, but got eggs rolls (which I hate), but I only found out fifteen minutes later when I got home. They also didn't pick up their phone. So I'm just sad.Good Vietnamese classics in a casual environment at very reasonable prices. This place is located at the edge of Chinatown and is open late into the night on weekends, so it's perfect for a very affordable dinner, a post-drinking craving, and everything in between. Their menu isn't huge but has all of the basics: beef and chicken pho, of course, rice and meat plates, vermicelli noodle bowls, spring rolls and other appetizers.
Between stopping in with my girlfriend or my friends over the last year, we've tried most of their options and have been pleased with them all. The pho and rice may not be groundbreakingly amazing, but they are well prepared, tasty, and pleasing to people familiar with or new to Vietnamese food. There is one standout dish: the grilled chicken and rice platter. They give a big portion of boneless, perfectly juicy grilled chicken full of flavor from their savory sweet marinade. I get it every time I come, and sometimes even stop by when I'm in Chinatown just to order it for takeout!
Pho 20 is a reliable staple to have around whenever I'm in the mood for tasty, no fuss Vietnamese food. Being open as late as bars doesn't hurt either!Eat here.  The place is clean the people are great and the food couldn't be best if you consult for what you might like.  Good for spicy eaters predominantly.I'd give it a 3.5 for food and round up for customer service. The pho was really good, slightly oily, but had nice flavor. Someone that ate take-out with us had been here previously and said the portions for take-out are smaller than when eating there. We also got the shrimp and pork summer rolls and they were pretty lame. We've been trying Vietnamese food from many places and these seemed to be the least flavorful. My main issue was with the peanut sauce - it tasted like straight up peanut butter. Don't get me wrong though, the pho was definitely good and I'd go here again. The woman who was working was a totally sweetheart and even walked our order out to our car. Give it a try!My Pho taste like water. Seems like they was low on broth and just added water. Won't be coming back. Very disappointed.Had the pho here. Definitely tasty and affordable in my opinion. I'll likely be coming here again.I honestly wasn't expecting much from this place at first.. but it took me by surprise! 
The pho broth was bomb and we loved the cuts of meat they put in it, it was all so tender. Not only that but for $8.25 a bowl it comes with a lot! We also got a banh mi to share that was also yummy and fresh! So all together we spent $23! So not only was the food good, the service was great and it was a very clean restaurant. I'm deff recommending!Love the Banh Mi, tried the pork one.  It was really good.  Next time wanna try the chicken.  Always loved their short ribs over broken rice, tasty and flavorful.  Place is clean and staff is super nice.