Always come here. Very friendly staff, food is great and ready quick. Charbroiled pork and summer rolls are phenomenal.Pho palace is located in a small strip mall, easy to spot. Walking it you are greeted and sat quickly, sadly that's where the quick service stops. We knew what we were ordering quite quickly, we sat and waited, and waited, and waited....nothing. I literally had to get up and call a server over.
The food didn't take AS long to arrive, and was well flavored but just luke warm. My vermicelli rice was actually straight up cold. I ordered the Bun Special, which is a bowl of thin noodles with grilled pork, grilled shrimp, veggies and a egg roll. All this for $9 is a great price for all this food, just wish it was hot!
The hubby got the grilled pork rice platter which was warm. It brought lots of rice and 3 thin pork chops with bone. He didn't like having to deal with the bone, mostly bc at other vietnamese places they give it to you sliced. But the flavor of it was great.
We ordered fried dumplings as an appetizer, they just came with our food, but were really good. pan fried and good flavor. 
I wanted green tea and it wasn't on the menu, but if you ask they will bring some to the table. 
Overall, the food was decent, maybe if I lived closer I would return for take out to avoid the crappy service, but since I don't.....I probably will try a different place.Pho = 5 STARS - amazing broth flavor
Spring Rolls = 4 STARS - great flavor, a little small is my only complaint
Atmosphere = 2 STARS - nothing fancy
Service = 4 STARS - really great, fast, & friendlyAwesome! Love it 
I tried bbq pork hoagie 
The best! 
Service is awesome esp the older lady (i think shes the owner or a manager) is very welcoming and nice!!!I feel bad give this place only 2 stars because the staff was nice, it was just weird. I like Pho places where they pretty much specialize in only Pho. This place had a large n strange menu. Me and my daughter shared summer rolls to start, the peanut dipping sauce was delish, but the roll was rubbery, but I've only ever had spring rolls, so maybe that's just the texture of summer rolls. Healthier, not bad. I got a seafood Pho, and the seafood was kinda gross, so I picked it out. The broth was boring. My daughter got general tso's chicken, and that was good. It didn't seem to be typical generals, it wasn't deep fried, crunchy and hard, and seemed like it was healthier, it wasn't bad. I just felt that the place was weird. They were playing freestyle music, which I like, but it wasn't the right environment for it. And the cashier was Russian. It was just weird.Meh.
There's nothing crazy special about this place.  I've had bahn mi sandwiches before in other places and wanted to try the ones here.  I got the chicken bahn mi. They were a decent size for the price, so no complaints there. The buns were well toasted and the chicken was plentiful, but a little dry.  My complaint is with the lack of filling; I would have wanted more vegetables (carrots, daikon, and cilantro,) and maybe some sliced jalapeños would be nice, too.  I'd still come back for the sandwich if I'm in the area.
My biggest complaint is with the yellow mush they called their creme brulee.  It honestly tasted like vanilla pudding with some brown sadness sprinkled on top.  It lacks the signature sugary shell that I was craving.
Overall, I'd come back for the sandwich.Love this place, very cute atmosphere, fast service, and the pho is soooooo Good! I highly recommend this place to everyone. Prices are very reasonable. I always have leftovers to take home.Good food, clean place (remodeled inside), and Very reasonable prices. The only thing, cash only for less than $20. I don't usually carry cashVery good! Service was on point. Very pleasant staff. Clean environment tho a bit "cold". Everything we ordered was tasty. Pho Ga (chicken pho) hit the spot tonight. We ordered several different dishes. Large portions. Liked them all. The only plate we ordered that I LOVED was the steamed dumplings. I order them all the time & they were great here!! We ordered ALOT of food for Little money.Really delicious and fast service. I ordered the PHO NY grilled pork chop entree and the salt baked seafood entree.  It was so good . My husband and I had a good time.The atmosphere is fine but other than that it's pretty sub-par. I've eaten many a bowl of Pho, especially since I am Vietnamese and I've heard about this place so I decided to try it with some family. 
Here are my Oh No No's:
1. No one that worked there spoke Vietnamese.... but.... it's a Vietnamese restaurant...
2. I got a bowl of Pho Dac Biet (House Special Pho) but I had to order it by number because again... no one spoke Vietnamese. 
3. The portion sizes were too small. 
4. It was kinda pricey for the portion sizes.
5. The soup itself had a ridiculous amount of MSG and salt. As I am writing this my mouth is completely and utterly dry like the sahara and unfortunately the sacred waters of Lake Minnetonka would not be able to quench my thirst.
6. Did I mention that it's a Vietnamese restaurant but no one spoke Vietnamese? I don't know about you but when I eat cultural or ethnic cuisine that hasn't been "evolved" by Hipsters... I would really prefer for the feeling to be as authentic as possible.
I will definitely not go out of my way to go eat here again when there is Pho 75, Pho & More 2, Pho Viet, and Pho Quyen which is way closer to my house.  If you want to enjoy a good bowl of pho or better Vietnamese food that is authentic in taste and people, try any of the places that I just listed.I used to really enjoy this place. The food was always great and the prices were really good. Lately in the past few months I have noticed a serious drop-off in quality not to mention the ridiculous $15 credit card minimum. My favorite meal there is a Banh Mi and Tofu roll. This is perfect because it was a perfect size lunch and it was under $10 but now I always have to carry cash so now it's not so appealing. I got $10 cash today so I ordered my favorite combo and it was beyond disappointing. The Banh Mi roll was really stale, the tofu was over cooked, the hoagie had almost no juicy element to it like usual and the tofu rolls were a total disaster as they have been the last 4 times I've ordered them. Open the to-go box and the rolls are totally split open and spilling everywhere! How is anyone supposed to eat that? Obviously they stopped caring about quality and their obsession with cash is a put-off (I may not be correct in this, but I don't even think they have an atm!). Sadly, what was once a multi-day-a-week lunch go-to for me will be struck off of the list. I won't be coming back. :(Not a shabby place. Very nice decor. 
Had a food about of appetizers. The pho is actually pretty good! 
Appetizers:
Fried Dumping - Delicious! 
Summer Rolls - Okay, felt like there was an insane amount of lettuce opposed to the vermicelli
Fried eggrolls - Needs more meat but relatively good
Pho - The soup base is delicious!They recently changed their menu, no medium or large bowls to choose from anymore, it's one size now, and for me, the new, one size only is not enough to fill me up. I gave them 4 stars before, and had to reduce it down to 1 star. I was a weekly customer, but I will find another place. What a shame, this really upset me.
The Phó hasnt changed, and their broth on a scale from 1-10, 10 being the best, is hovering around a 6.5, not too much to places in the area to choose from so you take what you can get.I went to Pho Palace on the recommendation of the Yelp reviewers.  It is the closest Pho joint near my place of business in Bensalem.
  I have to say that the restaurant is very clean and the staff is very pleasant.
  I ordered the House Pho #44 large and was told that they only had one size Medium.  This was after I saw multiple photos of large bowls here on the site.  To say that it was a medium was a stretch. It was more like a small.  The broth was very bland and did not pack the normal layers of taste that you normally find in most decent Pho joints.  There was one meatball( 2-halves) and almost no meat.  
  I also ordered the spring roll and they were not too bad.  
  All and all this place is not up to par with the Pho joints closer to center city and in New Jersey.  Portions are too small and the prices are too large for what you get.
  I guess it is back to schlepping down to Adams Ave for great Pho.
   I probably won't be back.Came back here bc I was craving bun rieu. It was a disappointment sad to say. It was bland and there was very little ingredients.  I recalled it being very good before. Maybe they change the chef.Very small portions and the service was horrible. The spring rolls were super tiny and they only offer one size pho, which looked like a small. Although noodles were soft, but broth was not hot enough. Save your money. Don't come here! You'll thank me later. :DHaven't had a problem in the years I've been coming here. Prices are about on par with other pho locations. The interior is nice and clean. Bamboo wall art with a wooden overhang in the middle of the restaurant. They also serve bubble tea. To pay by card, the bill has to be over $15. The interior isn't terribly big, but the lay out of the booths and tables are nice because you aren't cramped on top of anyone else. Overall, great impression on their soup and pho dishes, summer rolls and bubble tea.The food here was pretty good,the appetizer was excellent and the pho broth did have a lot of flavor.  The only thing that was lacking was the service,I don't know if it was an off night but the service was horrible, not too sure I'd ever go back!very good pho, iced coffee was a bit bland but good experience none the lessThis place has a $15 minimum to use a credit card and this is illegal. 
see source: 
 (3) LIMITATION ON RESTRICTIONS ON SETTING TRANSACTION MINIMUMS OR MAXIMUMS.  (A) IN GENERAL.--A payment card network shall not, directly or through any agent, processor, or licensed member of the network, by contract, requirement, condition, penalty, or otherwise, inhibit the ability (i) of any person to set a minimum dollar value for the acceptance by that person of credit cards, to the extent that (I) such minimum dollar value does not differentiate between issuers or between payment card networks; and (II) such minimum dollar value does not exceed $10.00We went there on a Sunday afternoon and the place was pretty busy.  We ended up walking out of the restaurant because of the poor service.  The people beside us said that it took them almost an hour to get their food. And the water tasted funny!This is a small place but it's still good for groups of 8 or so. My group of 3 stopped by in hope to get a quick bite before calling it a day on a Saturday night. We were quite excited to find that the restaurant wasn't packed. After 15 minutes passed no one even gave us water nor attempt to take our orders when there's clearly servers standing around not busy. Instead they took the order of the table next to ours that arrived 10 minutes or so after us. When we notified a server, another server returned 5 minutes later to take our orders in stead :\.. Reason why it is one star because the food wasn't great with the beef being over cooked and the service being too slow when there's at least 4 servers dealing with no more than 8 tables with 4 tops. Boost the service a notch.Pho palace I can't live without you. You winI absolutely love pho and used to travel however far I had to to get to the closest vietnamese joint to indulge in it. When this place opened last year I was thrilled because not only is it 5 minutes from my house, but this place has the BEST PHO ON THE PLANET!!! The Pho Palace special comes with shrimp and pork and is ready almost immediately. To this day I still haven't felt the need to order anything else because its so darn good. Excellent for nursing that sunday morning hangover!Tried Pho Palace today for lunch based on the recommendations of yelp. I didn't have a pre-conceived notion about the place, so I truly went in there ready for anything. The space is large, clean, and sparse with decorations but still welcoming and they share it with Akira Sushi next door, which also means you can order off either menu while dining.
I'm not really a fan of mixing pho with sushi so I didn't try anything off the sushi menu this time, and dont necessarily consider it a pro to have the option of sushi with Vietnamese food or vice versa. Often times I find that the places that serve different types of cuisine under one roof disappoint me, because instead of all their effort on one thing, it gets split by two and you get two mediocre meals.
I ordered the pho ga ($6.75 for med bowl) and a pork banh mi to go. While the sprouts, lime, and jalapenos for the pho were plentiful, the basil was not, and that disappointed me. The broth was pretty clear and not very flavorful to me when comparing to other pho places I have eaten at like pho and beyond in willow grove and the various pho places on Adams. The noodles were fine, not over cooked or anything and the chicken was just OK. There was not much chicken. The banh mi which I ate for dinner was pretty good, would obviously have been better if I had eaten it closer to the time of purchase or popped it in the oven before eating it. The pork had good flavor and was a good amount, but the bread had gotten a little soggy from me waiting to eat it. Overall, it was also salty (esp compared to the bland broth for the pho), but otherwise something I would order again for $3.75, which is cheap.
Overall the experience had some ups and downs, but it is worth checking out again. It is a little out of the way so not sure how frequently I would go anyway, given that Pho and Beyond is my favorite place and a lot closer. Im also not a fan of places that don't take credit card for big parties bc everyone whips out a $20 and it becomes a mess with no small change. It also seems weird to me that this large establishment does not take cards, since I usually expect that from smaller hole in the wall businesses, not a joint double restaurant with a shared kitchen.
Their desert menu is pretty fancy and seems fine bakery/european style, although I didn't try any of them.I've been here on a couple occasions and have eaten the grilled pork and rice and the BBQ pork banh mi. The meat at this restaurant, although tender, is overly sweet and overpowers the acidity of the pickled carrots and daikon. 
The pho here is not bad but not the best but for the price, you can do worse.
Overall: Do not get banh mi here! Not many selections but the pho and pork and rice dishes are ok for the area (not many Viet restaurants in the area)I really like this  place.  Me and my husband come here frequently and have never been dissappointed. The pho is simple and delicious.  If you want to  go somewhere to enjoy your tasty and simple meal and not in the mood for anything too complicated that would be the place to go.UPDATE: The Pho has gotten a little better. However, their "Seafood" Pho with shrimp, squid and IMITATION crab should be taken off the menu altogether. Another thing that puzzles me is their choice of music. Why do the owners think that Gipsy Kings and other flamenco guitar music works in a Pho joint? Weird...I have written a review for this place before and I'll write it a thousand times over again
and I will always love this place (whitney voice)
The banh mi has been ON FLEEK lately. the bread is perfectly crispy and the pickled vegetables with the cilantro is soooo perfect. drooling thinking about it. yesterday was my 4th sunday in a row being here. what will my life become without NY style pho in my life?This place is great! Chicken pho is awesome!me and my wife eat here 2 to 3 times a week! Great service by the same people all the time!We were in the middle of nowhere and got hungry. Lo and behold, this place popped up on Yelp and we decided to give it a try.
Walking in, the first reaction was, "Wow, this place doesn't look or feel like a Vietnamese restaurant at all" (thinking of all the other ones where the decor is usually tacky, old and dirty).
So we ordered the egg roll vermicelli, banh mi and spring roll for lunch. All were delicious, portioned just right, fresh, and flavorful. Pricing is a tad higher for Vietnamese food but quality and decor make up for that.
Would definitely return if we're in the area.Food is great and the service usually is too.. Not today. 2:30pm, not busy and the waiters couldn't be bothered. Shame. I hope this isn't a sign of things to come.Good pho assortment, tasty bahn mi sandwiches...friendly and prompt serviceMy go to spot in PA for pho. I even drive a bit further past House of Pho just to eat here. Been here countless of times and the food is consistently good no matter what I order. The servers are all good people and are very kind.Best chicken pho! Clean resurant. People are nice! Great place to just chill.   The pho is really good. Def should try it out.Absolutely love this place! Their pad Thai is amazing and so is their pho brisket. They fried dumplings always come out crispy and their pork rice platter always comes out amazing. I always tell all my friends about it! One day I will have a party here for all of them to try!Great food and great service, I strongly recommend this restaurant.  Just don't get an appetizer, the appetizers are very small.One word AWESOME!!!! The prices are very low for the amount of food that you get, and the place is spotless! Owners and staff are also very nice! I get the grilled pork banh mi (which is basically a grilled pork hoagie with cilantro, pickled dikon & carrots, cucumber, and some sauce. I also get hosin on the side) and i get the cold Grilled Pork Spring rolls. They are not fried which makes them so delicious. The sauce that comes with them is amazing! I have had the Pho too! It was really flavorfully. Just be carefully and read the descriptions of each menu item. Some of the Pho has tripe or tendon in it. Also FYI they do NOT take credit cards. There is a ATM inside.Last night, I went with my family and a friend to the restaurant. The  food wasn't good, I can tell it was just noodle and water. It was our first time in a Vietnamese restaurant and we weren't familiar with the food. The server was not willing to explain the menu. This is absolutely ridiculous ! 
And my wife accidentally spilled the water on the table and the server's reaction was so rude. He told her "if you want to take a shower, you should do it at home. " . I don't recommend this restaurant at all specifically because of the unprofessional and rude attitude of the servers.  I wish I could have given zero rating.My husband and I had our lunch here today. First of all, their price is overrated compared to other Vietnamese restaurants. 2nd of all, the food there is not as authentic; the summer rolls missing the pork meat, with too much black pepper in the pho.  Last, their manager was keeping her eyes on us the whole time and commenting in Chinese how we were using our phone and how I then picked up my chopsticks and eating my food again.  Overall experience, We didn't feel comfortable dining there and don't think we will dine here again!Never usually do these but this last trip was too bad not to share!
Used to love going here but on this last trip, the portions were horribly small and found a surprise in the spring roll.  Is it a string or a hair?  It was super long, a big chunk of it not shown in this picture.
The pho was like a kids meal, how do justify serving that to an adult?!Pho Palace is my favorite pho restaurant in the Philadelphia area! There pho broth is seasoned perfectly and the staff are always extremely nice and always provide great service, even when busy. I highly recommend there Pad Thai as it's always delicious!This should actually be between a 3.5 and 4.  So, I went to Pho Palace today with a friend of mine for "linner".  I've been dying to try it ever since it opened a couple weeks ago in NE Philadelphia.  Very friendly waitstaff and we were greeted as soon as we entered by, I think, one of the owners.  
I ordered the Pho with eye-round and flank steak.  It was delicious especially the meat...perfectly, cooked and tender and exactly the right amount.  Of course, the broth is what makes or breaks pho.  Here, the broth was good but not as good as other pho I've had, which is one of the reasons I gave it 3 stars instead of 4.  There was nothing wrong with it but it could have been better.  All the fix-ins were great...standard.  My friend got pho also and she enjoyed it.  She got the pad thai as well (which I didn't taste) and was disappointed.  The service was excellent and they let us linger for a long time even after we had paid the bill.  It wasn't crowded so maybe that's why we were allowed to but never did we feel we had to leave.  I will definitely return to this place because the food was good and it's conveniently located for me.  
Later, I went back to get a bbq pork banh mi and it did not disappoint!  Perfectly cooked meat---the right amount of seasoning, the bread was warm and crusty.  My only wish was that there should be more pickled veggies in it.  Don't get me wrong...I would order it again and again and again but would like more vegetables.  
Also, it's cash only.  They have an ATM inside if you need it!Another Pho lunch run... Still pretty much the same, but I upped to a large bowl this time. Honestly, while it was only a buck, it seems like all they did was add more broth...Great pho! We were sad to leave pho behind when we moved out of Philly, but Pho Palace is every bit as good as any Chinatown or Washington Avenue spot. Delicious broth, tasty meat, real portions, friendly service, cheap prices. What a contrast to Basil Leaf in Newtown and Savor Saigon in Levittown! One nitpick: a warmed porcelain bowl on a warmed porcelain plate would keep the Pho warm for a much longer time than plastic.5 STAR- 
WAIT A SECOND, DID I JUST TELEPORT TO VIETNAM?
That's how authentic this place is!
My Favorite Vietnamese place outside Da Nang
Service is amazing food is even better
I would eat here every day
The pork is cooked to perfection and everything is always fresh
Good-EVERYTHING
BAD-NOTHINGLate lunchtime.  Starving and getting over a cold so I decided to fill my belly with some nice hot pho.  Started with the summer rolls and they were mostly filled with noodles and lettuce or romaine) and very thin strips of small shrimps (not cut in half but in 3).  The roll was soft (fresh) and the peanut sauce the accompanied it was a nice consistency (not too thick or watery).  Had the pho (combo $7.50) and it looked like they skimped on the meat as there doesn't seem to be a lot of it.  The broth however was nice and piping hot which made up for the lackluster ingredients.  I looked over the next table and they had the rice plate and that looks quite appetizing and filling which I will give it a try next time I'm in the neighborhood.  Overall, prices were good, service is prompt and food was ok.Would give 0 stars if I could. This place has topped as the worst service I've EVER had at a restaurant. I understand our waiter was new and visibly nervous, but forgetting to put in our order, making us wait for nearly an hour without checking on us, and never receiving a personal apology for any of his myriad of mistakes is absolutely unacceptable. 
On top of all of this, once we complained to management about the abhorrent service, she began to defend the server and taking offense to our discontent. What should have been easily resolved with an apology from the server and, at MINIMUM, comping the appetizers was not, and instead turned into the worst customer service experience I've had. Down to the manager insulting our personal intelligence. Never again.I will never go to this place again. The service is THE WORST. My family and I were eating and in the MIDDLE of our meal, the owner came to us and said that their workers are "tired" and "wants to go home" and put the bill on our table and made us pay and leave. Again this was 45 minutes to their closing time. Don't ever come here. They are terrible human beings.Authentic Vietnamese food in a great atmosphere. All of their dishes are good portions for their low prices. Wonderful service and over all consistentI went to Pho Palace with crossed fingers, hoping that it would save me the drive to Pho 75 on Adams Ave in the future. Unfortunately that won't be happening.
The pho is decent, not terrible but not great either. The broth seems a lot less complex than others that I've had. Summer rolls were good.The food was outstanding but the reason I gave two stars is because of the poor service. We were repeatedly asked if we were done and as we finished with each plate, the waiter came and quickly collected it. We asked for mango bubble tea. When we tasted it, it did not taste like mango and so we asked for a lychee bubble tea instead. A few minutes later the hostess and another waiter came to our table and said, "You might not like the lychee bubble tea because now we're just using powder, we don't use real fruit. The other customer sitting behind you doesn't seem to have a problem with the mango bubble tea, why do you?" At the end of our meal, the hostess repeatedly called out, "We are closed. You need to leave."  Their lack of basic hospitality and lack of understanding  regarding customer service is the reason for the 2 stars. The food is however excellent. Either change the hostess or send her for a class that teaches about manners.As a former loyal patron of Pho Palace, I would have rated this establishment at 5 stars. However, after my experience yesterday, I will not be frequenting this restaurant, nor recommending it to others, any more from this point forward. As always, the food was delicious. It tasted fresh, and the only pitfall to the food quality was finding large chunks of fat on the meatballs of the pho; this was expected, as it had happened in the past on numerous occasions. Aside from this, I still ate here, as the food was great otherwise, and the service was polite, quick, and accurate. Upon finishing our meal and being presented with the check, my party of two stayed seated at the table as we finished our beverages. On four occasions, three different servers, looked over the shoulder of the other person of my party, to see if money or a card had been laid out for payment. As we were still sitting and talking, we did not have any method of payment on the table as of yet. Then, an older woman who I assume to be the manager, came over, put her hands on the table, and said, "You need to pay now because we have people waiting, and they need to be seated." Never have I been asked to leave a restaurant because I was "taking too long". Pho Palace will NEVER get business from me, or anyone close to me that heeds my suggestions, in the future. I can get the same quality food, with excellent customer service, at numerous locations within a mere ten miles of Pho Palace. This place is no diamond in the rough, and deserved no more than the $0.01 tip that was left from me during my final dining experience.I love pho. I really do! Came here on a whim since we were in the area. You'd think that with a name called Pho Palace that the atmosphere would match the name, but it doesn't! Don't expect anything fancy,, but the space is large, clean, bright, and comfortable. Cash only is a bummer, but there is an ATM on site.
For the pho, you can choose Med or Large bowl. In other words, are you hungry or super duper hungry? The difference is only a $1! Luckily, I ordered the medium bowl ($6.75) because that large bowl was HUGE! Today, I felt like eye-round, brisket, and flank! At our table, we also ordered the house special pad thai (small portion, but good!), and a few orders of the spring and summer rolls. Our pho came out before the appetizer rolls, but I'm not complaining. I was excited for my hot bowl of pho! The pho was average at best, but the summer rolls were very good!
Decent place for pho, especially in this area.The food was not authentic very western. Service lacking forgot items on order and no follow up. Save your visit for a more authentic experience.I'll give them another star. The ownership/management has changed since I was here last. The decor got a face-lift as well. They also now accept credit cards. The pho was solid and the steak salad was tasty. I perplexed as to why they don't do steak banh mi because they do the char grilled steak but they only offer the pork, chicken or vegetable ones.Ordered Thai pai and it's not good at all, just a Soy sauce and peanut, 3 -4 shrimp and half the quantity.   Summer role is also missing lots ingredients.  I won't come back again.Most of these reviews are garbage since they're white people that A) haven't been to Vietnam, and/or B) haven't had home cooked Pho/Vietnamese food.
Since I have been to Vietnam, and been eating it home cooked for years, and dating a very traditional Vietnamese girl, this should hold more clout.
You go here for food.  Not decor or 'best service'.  Servers are very nice and welcoming, and if you frequent more than 2x they'll probably remember you if you are cordial back.  
You get the Pho, Rice, or Bun here - if you must go 'adventurous' get the egg noodle stir fry with seafood (soft noodle).  That's it.  And to drink Ca Phe Su Da (Ice Coffee).  
Add bean sprouts, black pepper, lime juice, thai basil, and hoisin sauce to your Pho.  Or sriracha for spice.  Grab your chop sticks & spoon and go to town.
Side Bar For the newbies to Vietnamese food that read this - Summer Roll is cold with Vermicelli Noodle, Pork & Shrimp, Thai Basil, wrapped in rice paper and you dip it in peanut sauce.  Spring Roll is deep fried, served hot, and filled with veggie and/or meat.They've remodeled the interior so there's almost an arbor of sorts over half the seating. It's a nice atmosphere. The service isn't great, but it's passable. I've only had the pho and summer rolls here. While they're good, there's nothing really outstanding.Very good pho, salty in the end but very good. It's comparable to south Philadelphia's pho Saigon. However the size is ridiculously small. It's one size but for the price you are paying, you are not getting enough. If you order tendon, you get about 3-4 piece s. I thought it was hidden underneath the noodle and I am fishing around the bowl hoping this isn't it... Boy was I disappointed.
I give 4 stars for the taste but I am not so sure about returning here if I can find the same exact thing else where for double the quantity of the good stuff. I recommend they reconsider their pricing and perhaps add sizes to give customers a choice. Money is tight nowadays.Today I had my first and last experience at Pho Palace. I had very high expectations because the girls I went with raved about how great this place was. The food was fantastic but I've never experienced such poor customer service in my life!! Our waiter forgot to put our entree order in so we literally waited 45 mins for our pho. Honest mistake, however the waiter did not apologize to us and ignored us the rest of our stay. No joke, he bailed from being our waiter and we were stuck either raising our hands to get someone's attention or going up to the counter. Our frustrations were clearly expressed but after our TWO HOUR tragic experience we finally received our bill with still no apology and no discount for their terrible service. We waved the manager down to discuss but she started to snap back at us, rambling about how she is paid $8 an hour and that it would come out of her pocket. She was extremely unprofessional and I'm completely baffled by how she handled the situation. The cherry on the top of our trip was when she decided to tell us we know nothing about working in a restaurant. Crazy, because she knows absolutely nothing about us and what we do or have done. I could go on and on about our experience, but in conclusion this was by far the worst customer service I've ever seen. Hopefully management is evaluated and actions of improvement are made. Best of luck Pho Palace!Great place in a state known for cheesesteaks and hoagies as fine dining. Highly recommend the Bun dishes with pork. Thank you Yelp! If I ate another greasy steak sandwich with cheese on it I'd vomit!  If not at Morimoto and one or two others in Philly, good luck on ya'!They recently changed their menu, no medium or large bowls to choose from anymore, it's one size now, and for me, the new, one size only is not enough to fill me up. I gave them 4 stars before, and had to reduce it down to a 2 star. I was a weekly customer, but I will find another place. What a shame, this really upset me.
The Phó hasnt changed, and their broth on a scale from 1-10, 10 being the best, is hovering around a 6.5, not too much to places in the area to choose from so you take what you can get.This place is definitely among the better Pho places I've tried--anywhere.  It may not be the best of the best, but given its location, it's very good, and there's no question: compared to other restaurants in this strange part of far-north Philly, it's solidly 5-stars.  I've been here a few times and it's been consistently good.
The pho is classic, and not too salty, ingredients are very fresh, broth has a balanced flavor.  The summer rolls are also good.  The menu mostly centers around pho, but there are a number of other items too, and they are also very good.
Atmosphere is very casual, but nice.  Spacious.  Service was good.
You really can't go wrong with this place!Delicious pho and vietnamese cuisine!!! Their prices are extremely reasonable and their food is out of this world!!! The grilled pork banh mi (which is basically a grilled pork hoagie with cilantro, pickled dikon & carrots, cucumber, and some sauce. I also get hosin on the side)is delicious, and the cold Grilled Pork Spring rolls are divine!!! A must try in Bucks county!This is a true gem. The food was fresh, well presented, and delicious.  My first time visiting and it will not be my last. The service was also excellent.  The dumplings and spring rolls were a perfect start to a fenomenal pho.Our family's favorite place to go for dinner! The best Pho I've tasted by far and the Banh mi sandwiches are amazing; you have to try! Not only is the food is delicious but the staff are very welcoming and personable. Never had a bad experience there and you can't say that about many places these days.I love the bun rieu here!!! The wait staff is very friendly and knowledgable! I love coming here bc it's a close drive and the food is good here!Maybe it was my low expectations going in but much to my surprise Pho Palace did not disappoint! I was in the area for an appointment on a rainy day after work and all I wanted was some hot soup (we all know the feeling, amiright?). PP came up on my quick Yelp search so I decided to give it a shot. The staff was super welcoming and the service was quick! I told my waitress that I was in a bit of a rush and the food was out by the time I got back from washing my hands. The place is nothing to rave about but the brisket pho was hot, flavorful, and came with all the extras on the side (though I later noticed I was missing basil!). For the price and the service, I'd definitely be back for a hot bowl of pho on a gloomy day.Went last night with Wife and a Friend. Had a great meal. Staff very attentive and friendly.  Fast service. Food is OUTSTANDING! got Pho Tai, and Summer rolls with side of rice for all of us. the soup was wonderful. the summer rolls are amazing. everything very fresh. cant wait to go back again, and best thing is its only 10 mins from house. glad to see a good Pho place local instead of having to go down to city. Great job Pho Palace, cant wait to go back. i remember being here about a year ago and it was good then, i think its great nowKeeping in mind this is what I would call Chinese fast food, I would say one,  the food is a good deal for the low price they charge, and two, this is a good place for takeout. The service we received however was not that great.  We were seated next to a family that was playing kiddie music on a tablet to distract their child.  The music was louder than the restaurant background music and very annoying so we asked if we could move to a center booth where no one was (all the center booths were empty), but the hostess said the booths were for 6 or more guests (we were three) and she sat us next to another family, who turns out was playing the same type music for their child. ( I love kids but I don't want to hear "we love bubbles" blasting while I eat)  We gave up at that point and prepared to order (I was tempted to pull out my phone and crank up some Led Zeppelin and tell them it relaxes me but took the high road... I think).  We had several questions for the waiter however he had no idea how any of the food was prepared.  We received our food and fortunately the people next to us finished and left.  As mentioned the food was good for the price however from now on this will be a takeout spot only.I found this place on a fluke. So glad I did. It's my absolute favorite place to eat out now. Always great service and no matter what I order it's phenomenal. The grilled pork roll appetizer is amazing. The pho is the best I ever had and the rest of the menu is great as well. Chocolate mouse dessert is a treat when I can afford the extra calories. On a diet or not the food is fresh, healthy, and tasty. BravoThe staff is really amazing here. They feel like friends so that is why I keep coming back. As someone who grew up eating Pho it isn't the best in Philadelphia,it's still very satisfying, but it beats going down to north or south philly where you'll get better food but terrible service.Pho Palace is a bit of a misnomer.  
The facility is minimalist in décor, and a bit dreary in furniture and lighting.  Hardly a palace.  Still, there is a reasonable trade off to be made if your goal is good Pho, Banh Mi, Com or Bun dishes.  There are Thai and Chinese offerings on the menu, but I have not gone there even though management and staff appears to be primarily Chinese.  
I ordered Banh Mi Thit Nuong (BBQ Pork Hoagie) and Pho Ga (Chicken Pho).  The Banh Mi was delivered on an oval plate over a strip of aluminum foil.  The torpedo roll was more Italian than French, with a thinner crust than a baguette, but toasted well.  The makings filled the bread with a nice quantity of tasty BBQ Pork, Daikon Radish, Cilantro, Carrots and Cucumber.  The mix crunched well and was quite satisfying.  My server assured me that the Banh Mi and a Medium Pho would not be too much for a meal.  He was right.  The sandwich was somewhat filling, but not so large as to be sufficient in and of itself.  I liked it and would definitely order it again.  
The Pho bowl was large enough to hold what seemed to be a liter of clear, well developed broth, loads of Chicken Slices, Onions, Scallions and a nest of Noodles. I spent a minute lifting and separating the clumped Noodles. After throwing in Bean Sprouts, Basil Leaves, Jalapenos, and Squeezed Lime Wedges, the bowl was overflowing and the aroma rich and comforting.  I loaded the side sauce dish with a Hoisin/Sriracha mix to dip the chicken, and settled in for a slurpy meal.  
Everything was pretty good, and the service was friendly and efficient.  
Adequate parking in front. Cash only with in house ATM.
So, how does this compare to the nearest other Vietnamese restaurant, House of Pho in Southampton?  I find them both good, perhaps appealing to different customers.  Where House of Pho offers a much nicer environment, Pho Palace is more basic and less comfortable.  The Banh Mi is House of Pho is higher quality; using real French Baguette, and more Pork.  The Pho in both locales are very close in quality and freshness of accessories.  To my palate, they are a draw.  Where Pho Palace has a distinct advantage is price.  The Banh Mi was only $3.75 - a (pardon me, I can't resist) PHOnominal price.  The Pho at $6.75/7.75 (Med/Lrg) is also lower than at the House.  
So, it comes down to what you need and want.  For a date or lux feel, House of Pho is the obvious choice.  You pay for it, but it may be worth it.  If only needing a solid tasty soup and sandwich, etc.,  without much environment, but saving a few bucks per person, Pho Palace is a very good alternative.  No doubt the rent each pays and the neighborhoods, have a lot to do with the prices on the menus.   Only separated by a few miles, the differences between Southampton and the Far Northeast Philly are considerable.  If I had to chose, House of Pho would be my first choice based on the overall experience from facility through food and ability to use credit cards.We used to love coming here until our last visit. The service from the waiter was great but other than that, there was nothing that would make us want to come back. The portions were very small for the price. My husband ordered extra beef for his pho and he didn't get it (they still charged and the lady at the desk said there's nothing she can do about it, threw a pity party for herself). Here's the pity party: "I am poor woman but I will go in my purse and get $3 to pay for the extra meat so you don't have to pay, but it was in your pho. The cook say he put 6 extra piece". No he didnt. I guess you need to order extra noodles too to get a full meal. So yes they will guilt trip you to get you to pay for nothing!  We went back to going out of our way and drive all the way to Washington Ave in south Philly for real viet food with real portions at decent prices.  Where bun thit nuong has more than 4 pieces of pork and the spring rolls actually have pork in them. To top it all off she tried arguing with someone about the food who's Vietnamese (me). I don't recommend this place at all. It was actually much better when the older Russian gentleman owned it years ago!Very good! Service was on point. Very pleasant staff. Clean environment tho a bit "cold". Everything we ordered was tasty. Pho Ga (chicken pho) hit the spot tonight. We ordered several different dishes. Large portions. Liked them all. The only plate we ordered that I LOVED was the steamed dumplings. I order them all the time & they were great here!! We ordered ALOT of food for Little money.Their rice platters are pretty good but they probably won't bring out the proper condiments until your meal is finished. Their pho is really not good at all. Their service downright sucks. The servers will ignore you and will forget to bring most things you order. Also will not say a word to you. Just drop off things at your table and walk away.I love this place. My girlfriend is actually obsessed with it. The pho is excellent. I usually get the Pho Tai. Some of their non vietnamese cuisine is great too. I recommend the pork dumplings and pad thai. Also, the service is incredible. Fast and extremely accomodating. It's really the best service I've ever experienced at a restaurant. Oh, and it's dirt cheap. Awesome food, great service and cheap... what else do you need to know?We just ate dinner at Pho Palace where I had decent vegetarian Pad Thai and my fiance had pho (nam).   The speed with which we were served was breath-taking!   It was a civilized spectacle to watch the efficiency and zippiness of the waitstaff.   One server seemed to hop from table to table with incredible grace.  
The serving of Pad Thai was small (which was o.k), although I am accustomed to making three meals out of a single order.  My fiance's pho was generous in size but skimpy on the meat (and the broth was both watery and cloudy, which did not make for an appealing visual).   The meat also looked like it was processed (like deli meat), which was unappetizing.
Decor is spartan and cold. 
You would be much better off at House of Pho on Second Street Pike.  There the food is authentic, the service is impeccable and the restaurant is beautiful.