Came here for lunch on a very cold day, convenient location right around the corner from my office. A had a few co-workers tag along so we ordered to-go.
It's nice they have two options for ordering, a self serve kiosk as well as though a cashier. We all opted for the kiosk. 
Really interesting the deluxe pho is the same price as all of the others. I found this as a bonus because I prefer multiple goodies over choosing only one protein.
Service was quick but we found ourselves waiting around for those who ordered bahn mi sandwiches. When we got back to the office everything was packaged great, no spills etc. I liked that they give you all the sprouts, noodles, basil etc in a separate bowl...however you'll find at the bottom of that bowl is a tiny plastic cup of hoisin. Not sure why they decide to hide it at the bottom, but some of my overeager coworkers poured their broth in before fishing it out!
I was really happy with the pho I thought it was super flavorful and I will definitely be back soon!I think the secret is now out about this place. The day I went, a Friday, it was packed with a big bunch of everyone, a lot of office workers, grabbing lunch.
This is a fast, spacious, bright, comfortable, spotlessly clean, well managed, counter-service local Vietnamese chain (also locations in Bryn Mawr and Springfield, Montgo. Co.). They take your order via touchscreen and serve reliable Vietnamese standards: pho, bun (vermicelli), banh mi, and broken rice plates. Service is friendly and speedy. Portions are on the large side. It's a little more expensive than the Viet dining options you would find on Washington Ave., but you're paying for convenience and speed. The pho is delicious, the vermicelli servings are generous and topped with crunchy fried shallots, and the banh mi are stuffed full of crunchy, brightly colored carrots and veggies. You can add on typical toppings like sriracha, hoisin, nuoc cham (fish sauce), and crushed peanuts. Everything looks even better in real life than on the touchscreen menus. Even if there's a bit of wait, it's still quick and definitely worth it.
This is a such a dependably tasty place to go for lunch, if you're anywhere near JFK Blvd. or Market, or on the west side of Center City, or even if you're visiting from out of town and walking up to the Parkway from the Rittenhouse area. For folks who live in CC or Fairmount, it's conveniently located across from Trader Joe's and easy to get to in just a few minutes by trolley from University City or West Philly. Thank God they opened a Center City location. I could pretty much stand to eat lunch here every day!
Its location is convenient for daytime Vietnamese eats, but it would be awesome if a Vietnamese place like this were open during late-night hours around the 13th St. corridor, on the east side of Center City, or within walking distance of Center City bars. It would, I predict, make bank.New restaurant in the neighborhood. Finally opened on Saturday. We wandered in with high expectations. Good variety of Vietnamese food. Ample amount of food and tasty.  Good value.The best Vietnamese food by far compared to the typical Vietnamese food found on Washington Ave.  I recommend the spring rolls and the vermicelli with grilled pork.  There are also vegan options as well.Authentic, fast and delicious. 
Hard to come by the traditional taste with proper broth, and fresh vegetables to compliment the quality of Flavor.Desolate. Uninspiring. Depressing. 
The employees are very attentive and polite. I give them 4 stars. 
The food? 1 star. Boring.It's so wonderful to have a delicious to go to pho place  around Logan square, now that I don't need to go to Chinatown for a good bowl of pho. I only tried their steak pho and summer rolls and they're pretty delicious compared to other great pho restaurants in Chinatown and south Philly. Minh is one of the owners and he was so kind. there were issues with my order but They provided professional and Great service and accommodated my issues. I will deff be back for more! I can't forget to mention that your order will come out really quick!!!! :)Very good casual launch experience from start to finish.  Ordering was fast on a touch screen kiosk, and my food was ready within 5mins.  Seating area was clean and there was wifi and there were outlets available if I wanted one.This was a really good place to go for lunch. They were very fast in serving the food and you can order online in case you want the food to be ready when you get there. Seems clean and staff is friendly. It is a new place so hopefully service stays the same way.As someone who resides in the Logan Square neighborhood, I was happy to see Pho Street open its doors after being under construction for several months. At last, I can have some quick Vietnamese food within walking distance and not need to take the subway ride to Chinatown... or an even longer subway ride to Washington Ave. 
The ordering kiosks were easy-to-use and it was fun to customize my bun or pho. Ample room to ease your way from the kiosks to the self-service station where you could grab some nuoc mam and other condiments. The staff was friendly and helpful, and they put a lot of care into each order they received (a lot of communication behind the kitchen line).  
The menu as of now includes pho, bun, com tam, banh mi, and goi cuon. I'm excited to see their menu expand in the next months to come as business picks up.
I recommend their bun and pho. I liked being able to carefully choose the meats and toppings I wanted through the ordering kiosk. The bun was big and it was delicious with their house-made nuoc mam pha. The pho had a tasty broth that didn't need any additional seasonings. Lots of good pieces of tripe, beef meatballs, tendon, and flank steak. I did not try their com tam, but my SO did have the pork chop com tam. It looked quite tasty with generous portions of bi (shredded pork skin) and cha (egg meat quiche). I also tried their banh mi but something was off. The bread tasted bland/unseasoned and it made the rest of the banh mi tasteless even though all of the components were there. Not a deal-breaker whatsoever - maybe my taste buds were wonky that day.   
Looking forward to see the continuing growth of Pho Street in Center City!UPDATE AT BOTTOM!
The first time I came here, it was really good! The staff was nice and the food was really good!
But the last time I came, I went with my boyfriend and I had a bad experience with one of the staff members. We went up to pay with cash and the guy didn't even want to take our order; he asked someone else to. He took one look at us and I could tell he was upset. When he called out our number, we didn't hear him the first time and he got really angry. When we got up there, he was pissed and one of his co-workers said, "Why are you getting upset over just one ticket?" 
I really don't want to assume. It could've been anything; maybe it was because we're an interracial couple, maybe it was because my bf is a little older than me, maybe it was because my bf is a dwarf, or maybe he was just having a bad day. Again, I don't want to assume so I'm going to go with a bad day. 
He was mean but the food was still good! :)
UPDATE:
The owner reached out to me and has informed me that this employee has been let go. Please don't be turned off by this review because most of the people are SO nice and the food is really good. You get a lot of bang for your buck as well.The food was sooooo delicious. Definitely coming back again and bringing my family and friends.. totally worth itThis was exactly what I needed after a long workday. Nothing can restore you better than a good bowl of pho. And this was exactly I got at Pho Street.
The bowl of pho of huge (dare I say, yuge?). The pho itself was delicious. One of the best phos I ever tried.
Some people complain about "ambience". Who cares about ambience when you have an enormous bowl of damn good pho to keep you busy?
Five stars.Clean, on the big street, safe , big space,food delivery fast, delicious and no tips required; -)Wow, now we can enjoy excellent Vietnamese food without having to drive down to Washington Ave. Loved the vermicelli... The pork and chicken were so nicely flavored and the portion was monstruous. 
As a suggestion, though, I enjoyed the summer rolls on two occasions so far and would prefer a thicker more peanutty sauce if that is at all possible!  Thanks.So happy one of these popped up in Center City! This location is set up fast-casual style, so you order from a kiosk then pick up your food at the counter. The restaurant is huge and clean with plenty of seating, and food comes out quickly even during the lunch rush. My boyfriend and I like to meet here for lunch during the work week, and we'll split a bowl of tofu pho and a vermicelli bowl with pork. The portions are huge and reasonably-priced (roughly $22 for both) and we always leave stuffed and happy.If I could I'd give this place 10 stars. I come here so much that it might even be unhealthy. Who am I kidding, pho is never unhealthy for anyone.
Pros: it smells amazing. super fast service. Consistency in food quality. Not as Americanized as the other pho place around the area. Good quantity for the prices. Reasonable. They have WiFi if you ever need to work. Oh and the coffee is strong. What more could you ask for? 
Cons: I honestly couldn't tell you a single one and I've been coming for about two months. 
Tips: if you're new to Vietnamese food just ask an employee for a recommendation, they're always helpful in describing what is what and how everything taste. If it isn't busy play around with the kiosk like Another reviewer said the build your own option is the best because you get to pick and choose what actually goes in.My friend and I were trekking along Market street in search of a good place to eat. We passed Pho street, and it seemed like the most appealing option. Pho street has a simple interior design, with orange and purple colors - sounds funky, right? But it actually looks cool In person. 
Stepping in, we perused the menu on the wall to the left, and made a selection. We placed our order via a touchscreen a little further back, and we ordered the beef noodle soup with eye round steak and brisket to share. There were other options to customize the soup (I.e. more noodles) or building your own pho from scratch. We waited for our order number to be called, which took about 10 minutes. We collected our soup with the fixings (bean sprouts, jalapeño peppers, and basil) and grabbed our spoons and chopsticks.
For starters, the pho was large enough to properly feed 2, so if you plan on having a bowl, come hungry! The broth was very tasty and light. The noodles were the perfect texture and I appreciated that they were generous with the steak and brisket - both of which were nice and tender. 
This place was great for a for quality pho in a timely manner. Truly a pho-nomenal experience (okay I admit that was pretty terrible).Quantity over quality. Big portions of pho but average tasting. While there is some sheen there isn't that delicious fatty sheen on really good pho. This place is like a chipotle for pho except instead of picking what you want through a case, you do so on a kiosk before waiting for your number to be called and receiving your bowl on a brightly covered tray. The atmosphere is a dorm cafeteria vibe. If you want real Mexican food, you don't go to chipotle. If you want real pho, maybe don't come here. Don't get me wrong it's still good but it definitely does not taste like the love put into some dishes in a real, hole in the wall delicious pho spot where grandma is in the back making the good stuff. If you're drunk or are aching like a fiend for some basic pho, this big bowl will do the trick.Not the same as china towns pho or all the Pho places by little saigon city on Washington ave. It's like you just can't have Spanish people cooking Italian dishes, this pho tasted blandish as if it was cook by Christmas elf's or something, the whole thing was just off. Not enough Ginger Spice lacks proper taste. Very bland.Really great addition to the neighborhood. Stopped in one day when i got home too late to cook dinner. Ordering from the kiosk was super efficient, food was tasty (we got Pho and Vermicelli) and packaged well for take out. Staff was even very friendly with my rambunctious, chatty three-year-old. 
We'll be back. My only complaint is that I wish it was open on weekends, but the cashier told me they will probably expand hours soon. Fingers crossed!Broth amazing. Eye round steak nice and soft/fresh.  They have all the condiments and sauces. Largest portion of pho I've ever had, I had to pack the rest to go. Will be back for sure.Amazing pho. You can order on a touch pad and customize your order any way you want. No more forgetting to ask without cilantro. Ordering for takeout is an option. Portions are huge, so come hungry. I think that's why prices are a bit higher than most typical pho places. Also the customer service is great and the place is very clean. There is also free WiFi. 
If you're a tofu lover, the tofu pho is so good. Nice and soft.Great service and had a good experience.  Never had pho so really an overall great time. We ordered incorrectly and they still offered to remake it due to an allergy. 
Will definitely come back and try it again. Keep in mind the portions are huge so it's awesome.Tasty food and great prices. The service was also very pleasant. It's not a large place, and it isn't fancy, but it is perfect for casual nights out.Pork Banh mi was amazing!  My husband said it was the best sandwich he'd ever had! The pickled carrots and light crusty bread made it over-the-top good. Chicken pho was very good (but I'd prefer dark meat) and beef pho was excellent. Huge servings of pho. Bang mi was smaller. Lots of fresh Thai basil and bean sprouts for garnish on the pho Good iced Vietnamese coffee. Nice and strong.Everything I ever wanted from a Vietnamese restaurant. So glad they are here! Touchscreen experience isn't the -most- intuitive but that's hardly worth docking a star. Multiple visits show the food is fantastic and fast and perfectly priced. What's not to love.The spicy beef noodle soup is SO flavorful and had the perfect amount of spice. I got it to go and the broth came in a good pint sized container with the noodles, beef, bean sprouts, and jalapeños on the side. The portion was HUGE and lasted me 3 meals. I will always come here as my Vietnamese go to.I'm so happy more Vietnamese restaurants are popping up in center city! This place is a great addition to the neighborhood. It's conveniently located within walking distance of my apartment and similar in taste to the other places I like to go to in South Philly.  Staff is super friendly and prepare your order quickly. The restaurant itself is very large and clean.  Its turning into one of my favorite spots to get Pho. It's a little on the pricey side compared to other Vietnamese restaurants. However, that's true for all center city restaurants and the serving size is large. I'll need to come back for bahn mi and coffee!Wow this place is great! The soup part of the pho is the best I've had, large generous portions. There is absolutely NO service, you don't even order from a person, so know what you're getting into here. Also, there's no hand holding, so I feel sorry for anyone attempting to navigate Vietnamese food for the first time. 
BUT, if you know what you're getting and you don't need a human cashier you are in luck. 
Beautiful spring rolls, tons of side garnish, and incredibly flavorful soup. I'll definitely be making this a regular lunch stop.
I can't wait to try their Vietnamese Iced Coffee!
--EDIT--
Tried the iced coffee: YUM!I didn't expect any good vietnamese restaurant in center city since so many good one located in north & south philly. Therefore, I picked this place on a cold day just for the experience & to satisfy my pho craving but I was surprised with the Pho. It was so good. The meat, the broth, the flavor were great. 
After the good experience there, I returned the next day along with my coworkers this time. They tried pho & liked it a lot. I tried the broke rice with pork chop & egg quiches this time. It was not as great as other viet restaurants, so I will stick with pho next time. This is really a great place. Definitely coming back more often for my pho fix.Solid quality of food comes in very generous portion. I have tried pho, banh mi and vermicelli. All good experience. I am glad this opened up in city!We popped in before our run to Trader Joe's (we have a rule to always eat before Trader Joe's-- or else it gets bad), and we were more than pleasantly surprised! The food is SO good, and the portion sizes are HUGE. When we got our pho, I legitimately was in awe. We got the pho, a vermicelli noodle dish with pork and egg roll, and a "hoagie" with pork- which was essentially a bahn mi. The food tasted fresh and the service was great! I 100% am glad to find a pho place in the city so I don't always have to make the trek to Chinatown! Will be back again and again!!Great value for the portions of your food. Quick service and seating. It's super casual and a quick bite!Fast,convenient , comfortable , and good. Sometimes you don't feel like dealing with going to Chinatown and Washington ave is too out of the way. The rest of the Vit places are blehFood is pretty good and portions are quiet big. The price is not very high and the food is worth the money! For the money you spend you get good food! Servers are nice too! Recommend the beef pho for sure :)Very convenient, just bummed out it's not open on weekends. You order off of a kiosk; everything is customizable. Pho is unique, and definitely has a different overall broth compared to Pho 20 or Pho 75. It's pretty clean and meaty. Bean sprouts and other garnishes were fresh and well prepped. Good, quiet spot to grab a bowl of pho on the weekday.I always pass by this place, but I finally was able to try this last week. I have been to their Springfield and Bryn Mawr locations. I enjoyed the flavours from these 2 locations, usually a bit more in price range compared to South Philly, but when you are running errands in the suburbs and craving Vietnamese food Pho Street is a great option. The 21st street location is also convenient if you cannot get yourself to South Philly. Unlike the suburban locations this 21st location follows Honeygrow and other modern eateries - using smart screens to order and pay for the food. I don't know how others feel about Pho Street's screen, but I personally felt it was a bit difficult to maneuver compared to my experiences at Honeygrow and other places. It also had difficulty processing my credit card so I had to manually punch in the numbers. 
The food came out pretty fast, and the flavours were also good. I like the fact that you can customize the ingredients for your dish. 
Aside from the screen, I was turned off by the dirty tables, and tray rack area where you are supposed to take your tray when you are finished (like IKEA). When I sat down to eat the rack was full, but it wasn't bad. By the time I was done it was overflowing... The table I sat had built in hot sauce where I had to rub really hard with a baby wipe to clean. The tray rack area was a mess, and since the rack was not cleared people just put the trays on a counter where the screens were (to order and pay). 
There were only few tables occupied so they weren't that busy to wipe the tables and clear the rack. I want to give them the benefit of the doubt, so I probably will go back again and see what happens.Pho, summer rolls, iced coffee, vermicelli, broken rice plates, all the staples in a quick-service format. Mid-priced and great for lunch. Come right when they open at 11:30 to beat the lunch rush.
New digs with a clean restroom. For now.The food here is great. The problem is the customer service. They don't answer their phone. I tried several times to place a 'take out' order. Finally when my husband decided to order via the yelp app (or it could have been another delivery service app...I don't exactly recall) when he went to pick up, the person behind the counter yelled at him about how yelp, and other delivery options online except for their own website take 20% and from now on we should only order via their website. Ummm....how is this our problem or fault? As a business owner myself that's the cost of doing business. Again their food is good but I will never go back considering how rude the staff was. Also who yells at a customer for trying to give them business? And for the record, pick up your phone so people can make a order and not have to go through your own website. There are plenty of other amazing pho places in town willing to take my money and not yell at me or anyone for using a 3rd party food ordering service.Went here with a co-worker.  We were afraid it wouldn't be good, but to our surprise it wasn't bad.  They use a kiosk service that you order your food through and pick up from the kitchen.  The service was fast and easy. It's almost like instant pho ordering. Loved that! They didn't have different sized phos so they're all a medium/large.  Also all the pho are the same price = $11/bowl.  The only con I could find is that it was a bit pricer than your typical pho shop, but then again i guess where it's located could factor into the pricing. Overall, the experience was good and the pho was yummy.Absolutely amazing food. 100% recommend the chicken & broken rice and spring rolls. Hidden gem in Philly!Very impressive pho. The place is new, clean and spacious. There are over 20 tables. They have a modern form of ordering, with intuitive computer screens for ordering and paying. I approached and ordered a large pho with rare steak and meatballs. My pho was ready in about 5 minutes. The pick up counter was up a ramp behind the ordering screens. I picked up my giant bowl of soup, and found one of the many tables in the spacious seating area. I really enjoyed the pho here. The broth was tasty and not overly greasy. The portion of noodles and meat was awesomely huge. I managed to finish my bowl, because when it comes to pho, I got no chill. But I was full for a long time. Nice addition to market street!Underwhelmed. I really don't have too much to say about it. 
It looks new and modern. The pho didn't really have a taste like I expected. Pretty disappointed tbh.Curb your enthusiasm, because this place is pretty good. Pretttttttty, pretttttttttty, pretttttty good. The Grilled Pork and Spring Roll Vermicelli is excellent. Need I say more?I wish the food here took a little longer than 5 minutes to make just so the flavors were melded together. As far as pho goes this wasn't bad. It just wasn't the best pho I've ever had. It tasted thrown together, and like I said, not melded. The service was very fast which was a bonus but I'm not sure if I'd go here again should I want a bowl of phoSuch a welcome addition to the neighborhood. The chicken pho was particularly tasty, with lots of well prepared white meat chicken. The beef pho was also good, as were the summer rolls.  And a friend had good things to say about the rice vermicelli with roast pork. A nice room with plenty of space to spread out.  Check it out.We absolutely love this place! The pho broth is delicious, the noodles are awesome, the shrimp is fabulous, and the staff is always so friendly and helpful.  Highly recommended for a tasty lunch or evening meal, even better if it's cold outside!I tried the brisket pho was seasoned right. They give plenty of basil. The service is fast and friendly. You get to build your pho, and the screens are user-friendly. Be prepared to take leftovers. I got a free roll! I spent around $11Great fast casual spot! You may think $11 for a bowl of pho is a lot, but it is so worth it. Huge portions and absolutely delicious. The banh mi (listed as Vietnamese hoagie) is $7 and also more than worth it. The staff is super friendly and gracious and the spot itself is spacious and clean. Definitely check it out!I ordered the Pork and Chicken Rice Vermicelli, crispy spring rolls, and Vietnamese coffee. I really like that you can customize everything with the self-service ordering feature so you may avoid what you don't like and double-up on what you LOVE without the difficulty and challenge of a language barrier. The coffee wasn't sweet enough but my personal preference tends to be on the sweet side of everything. The spring rolls were very delicious as was the rice vermicelli. The mean was tasty and there was a nice balance of mint and cilantro. All the fresh produce was bright green, not brown at all like some other Vietnamese fast-food restaurants. Overall a great experience and delicious food.I love everything about this place especially the customize your own pho; the bowl size was huge and broth was excellent!!  The kiosk ordering system was especially cool, the dining area was clean and spacious, and the service was excellent.  Highly recommended!!!Kick ass, super tasty and super satisfying pho! I love the touch-screen ordering and the price point is ideal. Great for a casual bite,Great lunch by the office.  Walked over to this clean, big and well organized operation.  Ordered and was on my way in less than ten minutes for take out.  The Pho Chicken was delicious.  Filled with tons of meet and veggies with a tasty broth.  Cilantro, jalapeños and bean sprouts added great flavors.  Noodles were plentiful and hit the spot on a cool spring day.  Worth a try.There are 3 stations where you place you order and then you wait to pick it up. It's very spacious and beautiful and clean. The portions were very big and with those prices it's a total deal. 
The pho ready in 10min and it had meatballs in it. The broth was very hot and taste. There was a slight sweetness to it. 
The vermicelli took a little longer to come out. Maybe 3-5 later. It has lots of veggies and I could not finish it all. 
It's a great deal. You can totally stop by and get a nice hot meal.Great pho in the middle of the city! Soup is very addicting and satisfying. Owner Is very friendly and nice! Their spring rolls are the best I've ever tasted so far. But why 4 stars? If they only had better meat quality and selection, that would have been awesome! I like flank but they don't have it. Sometime I can notice the frozen taste on the meat.Easily the best pho I've ever had! The portions are huge, so the $11 pho ends up being two filling meals. The broth is so flavorful and everything tastes incredibly fresh and vibrant. The guys there are super friendly and personable. I will definitely be back!!I ordered take out from this place twice and it was excellent. I love their veggie summer rolls! they are fresh and super flavorful. My partner had a rice dish and a vermicelli one and he was very happy about it. We were both impressed by our fresh the food was! We ordered it online and the food was already waiting for us when we got there! definitely a place worth trying.Like the fast food pho place, easy order and nice flavor. Price is reasonable. Summer rolls are always my favoriteSirloin pho with added shrimp and vegetarian spring rolls. Everything was delicious, but they didn't get my side orders of sauces quite right. Everything was packaged perfectly to go!I came here with a couple of coworkers around noon. It's much bigger inside than it appears from the outside. They have touch screens to order if you are paying by card and there was no wait to order. It is very reasonably priced - I got the plain pho for just $7.50. It was a decent wait until they called my number. Both my coworkers got sandwiches and that took 3-5 minutes longer. Definitely a lot of people waiting for food. 
It was my first time having pho (rather than ramen). It was okay. Just noodles and bean sprouts really. They also give you lime wedges and jalepenos which I opted not to use. Portion size was good. Worth a shot once but I don't think I'd go back.I just waited 40minutes for a simple chicken pho. And they call themselves pho street. If you are hungry and want pho, don't go to pho street. All I got was a simple, "we are backed up" - unreal.Not sure when this place opened, but I was really glad to find it after searching Center City for pho and nothing came up I suddenly came across this joint...meant to be - delicious, fast service, clean and pleasant atmosphere.Pho is solid. We do delivery from them at least once a week. They're not cheap on the meats and veges, which is super nice cause Viet meals usually come with a garden. They're bang in is pretty good. Can't say their rice dishes are great.Pho Street is very unassuming. The decor looks a little sterile and weirdly corporate. It reminds me of one of those corporate office cafeterias with fake "ethnic food" because of the largeness and lack of "asian" decorations. I suppose it really caters to the business lunch crowd. I came after noon on a weekday and it was not super busy - maybe being newer. The appearances are deceiving. I was very surprised at how great the pho was! 
You order at these little screens which take credit/debit in the back part of the place.  The food gets out very, very fast in 5-10 minutes. Then you get your order at a raised area further back in the place. The pho itself looks great and the first thing I noticed was how MASSIVE the bowl was. I ordered the Pho deluxe ($11) but looking around you can see that the bowl is normally that size. It can seriously feed two people. It was great value so much that I felt a little wasteful because I couldn't finish it.
Each of the ingredients was plentiful and they do not skimp on the beef slices nor the tripe. I had those beef ingredients AND beef meatballs. It was really satisfying. The broth itself was great too. Very, very savory without being too salty and heavy - and even a slightly sweet note. The nice sliced onions were perfect too. The veggies on the side were pretty typical and again given in large portions. The noodles themselves were great too - though a little bit clumpy.
Overall I would love to come back again and try the other menu items.Went for lunch for the first time today. It's been so cold that I was really craving pho. This place is great! They have a variety of Vietnamese food including pho, broken rice, rice vermicelli, banh mi, and spring/summer rolls. There is a large area for seating and you can either order on a screen using a card or go to the counter to pay cash. I got the deluxe pho without tripe. It came out in less than 5 minutes and it is HUGE with tons of meat! It cost $11.50 but I will easily get two meals out of this generous portion. I suggest bringing a box for leftovers or you can always ask for one at the counter. The staff is very friendly and efficient. It is also very clean and there is an area to bus your trays and a bathroom inside. I will definitely be back to try the other menu items!Pho Street helped warm me up on one of the earlier days of winter. The atmosphere is very open and the ordering is streamlined through a touch screen pos system. I had the chicken pho that was served in a very large bowl filled nearly completely with broth and very few noodles or chicken. The pho itself was par and the interior/atmosphere was sub par resembling a clean fast food chain. Though only three blocks from me, should my craving resurface I will probably venture elsewhere. If you're in the area and looking for quick food or a place to warm up, it may be worth your money.Generic pho but satisfies a craving in a pinch.  Ability to customize the pho via the computer screen is a nice option.  Spring rolls were crazy greasy.  Broth is ok but not that flavorful.Had an hour to kill at 30th St Station so I walked over to grab a sandwich! I had the Vietnamese hoagie. Crisp veggies, perfect bread, great flavors! The machine where I placed my order was fast and easy to use, and my sandwich was ready to go in 5 minutes. I saw the soups and vermicelli bowls going by and they looked great (and, like the sandwich, appeared to be very  generous portions.) Recommend if you're looking for a quick lunch.Delicious pho, fast service and great space. I've never done fast-casual pho and I have to say I'm a fan. I stopped in here for lunch one day and got takeout which was packaged pretty well (all separate) and held up for transport, walking a few blocks.
The price is great and I really liked the ordering screens - if you know what you want it can be really fast, or if you want to peruse for a few minutes you can do that too. There were also a lot of pictures so you can see what you're getting - if you haven't checked yelp first!We pick up from here about once a week sometimes twice. It's hot, fresh, tastes great. You can customize just about anything. Sandwiches are great too! Used to have a ton of people eating in there. Now super quick, easy and clean to pick up!On cooler or rainy days, I tend to crave soup or soup noodles. Pho Street does not disappoint. The ordering on touchpad was simple, it came out quickly and the portion is HUGE. The bowl for the pho is bigger than my head with generous amount of meat. About half of it is soup but it will still fill you up even if you don't drink much of the soup. It is hot and tasty, can't really ask for more.
If I must nitpick, you have to manually enter the credit card number instead of slide/insert, so if you are paranoid about people seeing your credit card number....well. Anyways. Do not come if you want a small/light bite to eat. Come if you are hungry or craving soupy hot pho.Loved this place!  Open modern with good pho!  Easy ordering and super friendly.  Highly recommend,  great flavorSo wandered in here on a random Tuesday. I wasnt expecting too much, but god damn are the banh mi good. HUGE sandwich, and really cheap. They put it on a class cheesesteak roll which is a little different from the french bread im used to, but it works. Great flavors, efficient service, and dirt cheap prices make this a must try if downtownDelicious, fun and way too much food. Pho Street is a cafeteria style self serve self clear Vietnamese fast-food restaurant featuring the classic Vietnamese favorite dishes of pho, broken rice and bun style dishes. They don't serve classic Vietnamese coffee just the ice coffee pre-mixed version.
Service - automated 4/5
It's a little confusing b:c the entire menu isn't posted anywhere and the payment process is a bit awkward. You order through a kiosk and then wait for your number to be called. I recommend staking our the tables closet to the serving area because those bowls of steaming soup are huge and the ramp taking you to the main dining room daunting when attempting to walk down the ramp with boiling hot pho.
Human Service :) 5/5 
The human part of the service is when they call your number and you pick up your order and they're very nice there. 
Food...
Pho with eye round & meatballs 4/5
The soup was flavorful and the eye round was good. The meatballs are quite tough and rubbery. I'd probably not order the meatballs again.
Pho with brisket, eye round & sirloin 4/5
Bestie ordered the above and she enjoyed everything except the brisket which was well overly brisket-y.
Ice Vietnamese coffee 3/5
The t only full the cup halfway and at $4: serving that's like a $1/1.5 oz which is steep especially since it's not made to order and reminded me of melted coffee ice cream good but not $4 good. We could have gone across the street to Trader Joe's and purchased a pint of coffee ice cream for the same price. 
If we go back one order of soup I'd more than enough for two people so next time we will share it. 
So if you avoid the brisket, meatballs and ice Vietnamese coffee and stick with the other options you'll have a 5/5 experience.Try: Deluxe Pho with an Iced Vietnamese Coffee!
Why: On a cold rainy winter day this really hits the spot! I thought the broth was flavorful and appreciate they were not shy on the eye round steak, brisket, meatballs, tendon, and tripe. 
Notes: We came for lunch and really liked the convenient digital ordering. The food came out in less than 5 minutes, which is helpful when you're limited on time needing to head back to work. It was a modern fast food style Vietnamese restaurant, which was a first for me but I liked it. We also ordered Crispy Spring Rolls, Shrimp Summer Rolls, and a Vietnamese Hoagie (Banh Mi). They were good. I did think the Hoagie was light on the meat but liked the peppered pate. The soda machine and condiments were by front entrance. The napkins and utensils were actually separate in front of bathrooms next to tray disposal. The bathroom does require a code. They also share space with an Auntie Anne's.Finally a pho restaurant in Center City! I've been waiting for this for the last 7 years that I've worked here. I've eaten the Pho here and I would say it's just as good as the Pho restaurants in Chinatown but not nearly as good as the ones on Washington Ave or Adam's Ave.
If you need a quick Pho fix, this will definitely do the trick.
The price is 100% reasonable at $11 (after tax) for a bowl of Pho.
Will be coming back on the regular.Came here for lunch with an old coworker of mine and it was a pleasant experience. Ordering is made easy on the touchscreen pads and I could take my sweet time agonizing over what I wanted. 
My friend and I both got vermicelli since it was a hot day and we were not feeling a hot steaming bowl of pho but we saw plenty of other people eating it (Asians too which is a pretty good sign to me that it's actually good and somewhat authentic). The vermicelli was good! Crisp and fresh ingredients, pork was marinated and seasoned well, and portions were very generous. I am not Vietnamese and cannot attest to how authentic it was but I will say it is comparable to the vermicelli I usually order in Washington Ave where there are a lot more Vietnamese establishments. 
Price was very reasonable. My friend got the shrimp summer rolls but she didn't like them much (as I don't like summer rolls in general, I did not even try them). The basil they use is quite overpowering. Other than that, really no complaints about the place. Good lunch place to hit up if you're working in the area and craving Vietnamese.Go to weeknight place as they are open til 9. They started out solid when they opened a few months ago but their pho noticeably improves from good to great - one of my favorites now. Delicious with huge portions super fresh and affordable. I love coming here by myself on a weeknight and grabbing a quick bowl.Ehhh... what can I say? Houston has way better Vietnamese food (and cheaper). 
I came around lunch time, there was only 2 people in the restaurant. We order at the kiosk, and go to the front to pick up the food. 
The most shocking part was that spring rolls costed $6 for 2. Man... I've never paid so much for spring rolls! It did come super thick though lol. My boyfriend did not like his banh mi at all, the bread was different (started with a H), there was A LOT of pickled carrots, it masked the whole flavor of the banh mi. He ended up throwing away 2/3 of it. I had the rice dish, it was average I guess.Just as good as all of the other locations! Like the one in Center City, this one is set-up fast casual style, where you order from a touchscreen. The menu is more limited than the menus in Bryn Mawr or Springfield, but still has all the staples. I did my usual--shrimp & pork vermicelli bowl, and an order of summer rolls. My sister, who didn't like Vietnamese the first time she tried it, thoroughly enjoyed this time around--she got a pork & chicken vermicelli bowl. Portions are large, fresh, and filling, and everyone working behind the counter was exceptionally friendly. Definitely check one of Pho Street's locations out!Delicious! I've been here a few times as it's near my work and  had the vegetarian spring roll vermicelli and the tofu hoagies and both were super tasty! Very filling. Decently priced and the portions were generous. Everything was fresh and flavorful. It's cool too, you order on a touch screen and pay there as well so it's hardly any human interaction which is nice sometimes haha. Also service is very quick, I place an order for takeout and it's ready in less than 5 minutes. A go-to place!!Great ordering system and experience. 
Nice pho noodles and spring rolls. Shrimp and pork roll recommended.It rains suddenly. I happen to be sheltering from the rain in this restaurant. The restaurant is close to Reading Terminal and clear. Just using machine to pay, and then picking up from the bar. It's very convenient. The taste is good and the price is reasonable.Love their food they have a few locations
Springfield
Market west
Bryn Mawr 
Excellent food fresh ingredients.  Loved their pho and summer rI didn't want a lot of food. So, I ordered the Sesame seed beef spring roll and it was perfect. The staff check on me to insure I was taken care of and the place was neat and clean. Sweet. Thank youGreat pho! I was leaving the convention center when it happened to catch my eye so I had to stop. Glad I did.Love their food they have a few locations
Springfield
Market west
Bryn Mawr 
Excellent food fresh ingredients.  Loved their pho and summer rolls.Good food love their pho.  One of the best I've had.  They have a few locations and this is one of their newest.  Also great summer rolls and spring rolls.  Taxes already included loved that.Fast service, delicious food.  I was at a conference across the street so I decided to check this place out.  I had the vermicelli noodles with grilled shrimp.  It was so good, I had to have it again the next day.Simple and delicious. Affordable & efficient. Don't miss a beat, ample seating, a full menu & all the perks demanded by a city time budget and wallet. I am gonna bookmark this place & come back!Very good pho! And good prices. It's counter service, no wait staff. The broth was very good and it was a big portion, definitely worth it. Great choice if you're at the convention center.Good food love their pho.  One of the best I've had.  They have a few locations and this is one of their newest.  Also great summer rolls and spring rolls.  Taxes already included loved that.Walk few blocks away from our hotel & there's too much happening around the area to walk further down the city center or china town. Great decision that we walked in & decided to choose this simple designed food stop! It was easy to order, staff are willing to assist w/ the touch screen system. But the best part is how we liked all we ordered, they all taste very good & cleanly prepared! Staff were friendly & wait time is fair enough to prepare the food. Price is very reasonable. My wife said she doesn't mind eating back here again!Pho broth is amazing. When we went we got large portions at a good price. The owner was friendly and fun to talk to. The meat was spectacularly tender. All around a great experience!We stumbled in here to get out of the rain- but i was so glad we did!!! Absolutely delicious flavorful pho! That beef broth-  sooooooo good!!! Seriously subtle and rich.  Amazing! Super friendly service. Huge servings. I highly recommend.I was hoping to get some pho with vegetarian broth, but unfortunately they ran out of veggie broth. I still tried their summer rolls and got the veggie bowl with spring rolls, it was quite satisfying for a fast food place. The location was clean and the staff was courteous. The bowl however was quite big so hard to finish (at least for me).
The ingredients were fresh and rightly proportioned for the bowl size. Looking forward to try their veggie broth pho sometime.Found this great spot just across from the Convention Center at 13th and Arch. It is fantastic!  The pho bowls are huge.  The broth spectacular!!  We could not finish it and are taking it and our Bahn Mi (hoagie) home for tomorrow. This is a must go spot.  Very friendly service.  Order at the screens up front and pay right there.  The food miraculously appears!   The person at the table next to us had a shrimp spring roll that looked fantastic!Nice to have a Vietnamese restaurant near Chinatown when you don't want to eat greasy food for lunch!  The best part is it's fast and convenient without the hassle of a full sit down dining.  You order your food through a touch screen from the menu or customize to your own liking.  You pay at the touch screen then receive a receipt with an order number on it.  They call your order number when it's ready. It's similar to the Wawa ordering system.  Our food was ready in less than 10 minutes.  The atmosphere was bright, colorful, spacious, and clean. We ordered eye-round pho and eye-round, meatball, & tripe pho.  The portion size was large with an abundant of broth!  Broth is flavorful and aroma was spot on and not overwhelming or lack of.  The side garnish was fresh.  I will definitely be back to try the banh mi and other grill dishes!Great new pho place in center city.  More modern and casual than the places on Washington ave.   You order by kiosk, pick up your order, enjoy your meal then drop off your tray in the corner. 
Got the sirloin and brisket pho and a grilled pork banh mi. Sirloin was something nice you don't usually see in pho. Thick tender slices, very satisfying. The banh mi was stuffed. A lot more meat and veggies than many other places.  
An Aunties Anne's pretzels is also located here which was nice. Can't go wrong ending your meal with a sweet almond pretzel.  This place opened just in time, perfect for the cold weather.4.5 star
The place is very clean and you order thru the touch screen. It's great you have the options to get things like steamed bean sprouts or don't include certain items. We ordered the deluxe pho and the broken rice with pork chops, egg quiche, and beef short ribs.
People complain about $11 pho but I think actually it's cheap for the amount of food you get. I've tried tons of pho places and been to tons of pho places all thru Washington Ave but location proximity next to Reading Terminal, City Hall, and Chinatown plus no tip and tax included it's really good deal. They give massive portions of meat, would've been okay with less meat and more noodles. 
Also the broken rice was good, enjoyed the portions as well but the beef shortrib and pork chops would be better thinner and softer, more flavorful. 
Overall, you get amazing value for great food in a prime location! Will definitely be back.Fast, reasonably priced and good pho. Orders are placed on screens. The space is clean inside. A good, quick bite.I'm from out of town, and my wife walked by and suggested this place. Glad I went. Taste amazing and, the ordering process was really easy given you can just order from the screens. Good location and the staff came to talk to me which was really nice. 
Highly recommend!! Will be back when I come back to Philly.Nice new place - clean and directly across from Convention Center. Easy ordering on kiosks.  Ordered the Shrimp Vermicelli. Great. Will definitely be back.I could honestly live in this fast food restaurant!
I attended a conference across the street and ate every lunch and dinner throughout my 5 day stay at Pho Street!  The Pork Vermecelli and the Pork Hoagie was my hands down favorite!  I kept dragging people with me and everyone loved it!  The only minus was a friend who did not like the Meatball Pho.... I did not taste it so I cannot attest to it, but everyone else loved everything we ate!  
I am so sad leaving Philly, but this will be my first stop next visit!  Kudos to the cooks!  Awesome concept, loved the computer ordering!so happy this place opened! it's a good spot for people that work in center city that don't feel like walking towards chinatown or riding to viettown area
it's similar to the one near Trader Joe's where you order off of a screen and wait for your number to be called. one thing though is that this place is pretty pricey, it's not the normal $9 pho i'm used to on washington ave. 
the summer rolls were pretty dry when i got them so i probably wont be ordering them again but the pho was good! my friend's pho took an extra 20 minutes though which was annoying
all in all, it's a good spot for a quick lunch but prices need to be lowered a bitGreat little lunch spot that's right across the convention center. Modem approach... You place your order on the machine. It gets cooked and placed on trays for you with all the condiments. Up to you to grab your chopsticks, extra sauces, spoon, drinks etc. Very generous portions, totally with 1.00usd for extra tofu! Quick service, very nice and helpful staff. Great pricing. Would definitely stop by again!tl;dr: Tasty pho near rittenhouse square! A little pricy, but super delicious.
The long version: I got the eyeround beef and the tendon.  It came out to $12, which is a little more than I'm used to paying for pho, but there was a lot of food!  The amount of tendon that they gave was incredibly generous compared to other pho places, and the broth was an amazing flavor.  The tendon was also super soft and a great texture - none of that overly chewy stuff.  Food came out quickly and ordering was quick and easy.
Would definitely come back here again!They're bbq pork ban me has no bbq pork in it.  The bbq pork  summer roll had bbq pork in it.  The lady insisted they were the same.  So many other option, don't settle for this one.In Vietnam, they call it "Banh Mi." In Philadelphia, any long sandwich is a "hoagie," including this incredibly delicious Vietnamese sandwich of perfection filled with grilled meats, marinated in lemon grass, inside a fresh French baguette. Try the grilled pork. One of the best Banh Mi sandwiches I've had, reminiscent of Houston's famous Vietnam town.
Also good was the rib-eye in a vermicelli bowl. I added grilled shrimp and crispy spring rolls.Solid pho here. The soups are fresh with good broth and veggie add-ins. I haven't tried anything else yet, however I'd like to try more. I have both dined in and took out and both times were just as good. They have sauces to add in on the side, so don't forget! $7.50 for plain soup and $11 for soup with meat/poultry.I randomly stopped here for some quick lunch. I was pleasantly surprised with how efficient the service was. I got the shrimp pho which was well priced and a decent amount of shrimp in the dishGreat food, got the pork chop broken rice.  It's delicious the best pork chop I had ever.  Definitely coming back soon.We have a new spot at the Convention Center.Fast casual spot serving quality ingredients. They did not skimp on portions and it was a good price! I got the eye round steak and brisket pho and my boyfriend got the sesame beef vermicelli. Both were really good!I got take out a few times from this place. 
Unfortunately, multiple times it left more to be desired. They got my order wrong once and instead of providing an explanation or at least being polite about the situation, the person in front quickly placed the blame on me for not reminding them. I did get the food but it wasn't the most pleasant experience. 
The pho is mediocre but definitely good. There are better places nearby though. I don't like too many toppings on my pho so I have requested alterations most times, very rarely are my requests met. Either they forget to remove 1-2 or if I do remove a few, the rest is COVERED in the remainder toppings. (once i got literally 3/4 of an entire onion covering the noodles completely)
Their beef spring rolls are great and come with a nice peanut sauce. Their fried spring rolls aren't worth it. There's only two, although large, is still not worth the price point. Other places provide 4/8 for $6-$10.Huge soups (easily able to split between two people) with tender steak, delicious beef balls, and flavorful brisket. The sprouts, jalapeños, basil, and sauces all come free on the side as well. I was rushing to finish my bowl, but I could've easily brought back half for a dinner time leftover. I didn't realize this was a chain, but the soup was ready quick and with all of the expectations met of a normal vietnamese place.First time having pho. After I finished it I was stuffed to the gills. It was really tasty. There was only one guy working and he was real friendly and got my order done quick. The spring rolls are also pretty good. I saw a
Mouse, but the kitchen was pristine so it must have just come in off the street.Had to grab something to each between sessions during our conference. This place was close by and could be fast. I was impressed with how they automate the ordering process to be self-service. I was not impressed with the food though. Coming from an area that has really good Pho, this one was a three stars for me. The service was pretty fast considering how busy they were at the time I was there.I had the deluxe vermicelli to go while my friend got the pho and shrimp summer rolls. The ingredients were very fresh and they tasted great (the shrimp summer rolls weren't the best I've had, but the sauce is on point). The portion was decent for the price too. Would definitely visit again.Food: 3.75 Out of 5
Ordered fresh spring rolls and the fried vegetarian rolls. Flavors were good, but not fantastic.
Service: N/A
Ordered take out. Kinda slow to bring their food out
Environment: 4 Out of 5
Standardized Vietnamese joint, probably for the downtown scene. Not the typical pho shops I'm used to, but nice in a pinch.
Overall: 3.75 Out of 5
As mentioned earlier it's not my favorite, but it's a pretty safe place to get Vietnamese food in a pinch. Pricer for portion size, but I wouldn't be surprised because the reason was because of commercial rent prices in center city. For center city it's not terrible.Love this place!  Despite the name, I actually find their non-Pho options to be the best. (The pho is good though.) The pork chop and rice is honestly the best pork dish I've ever had. 
Everything is easily customizable so you can alter the dish to your preferences/allergies, and since you order through a touchscreen and they work from a printout, the workers never miss a detail no matter how many changes you make. 
It's a great value too. My family can get a delicious meal for three people for under $30 and have leftovers for the next day. Highly recommend.Delicious pho and good service! The crispy spring rolls are great as well. Very happy with everything.I've had Pho Street closer to 30th street before and this one is drastically different. The lack of real front counter employees makes it feel a bit aloof and you don't really know if anyone is working or not. I got the summer rolls which were pretty standard though not sure they were worth the price. The chicken curry was decent, but again, I don't think it was worth how much it cost. Another thing this place seems to struggle with is all the single use plastic. I got two huge styrofoam containers for 2 summer rolls and some white rice separately, plus the plastic container for the curry in a plastic bag. The chopsticks are covered in plastic too.
Considering there are so many cheaper Viet places as close as a block away, I can't imagine coming here over one of those places if you have the choice, especially because service is crazy fast, the flavors are all there, and the value keeps you coming back. I struggle to give this place a good rating and I suppose I know why it seems to be empty every time I walk by it.Prices aren't cheap ($11 for a bowl of pho & $6 for summer rolls) but a good location and great pho. It is also clean!!! You order up front on your own in a kiosk and pick up your food. 
Clean interior and prompt service. Great option for take out as well.Good Pho at a moderate price (cheaper to make at home). My wife is Vietnamese and enjoys the broth. A good place for delivery.My go to spot for a quick pho! The restaurant is very clean and ordering from the monitor when you arrive really streamlined the ordering process. The food comes out really fast once you placed your order. Highly recommended when you are in a rush.A great option for Vietnamese food , located close to downtown area and has great options. The quick machine ordering was a pleasant surprise, I am a big fan and order took about 10 mins to get ready. The banh mi is really good! The bread is fresh and toasted to perfection, the meat was marinated and seasoned well , tasted pretty authentic overall. I also ordered a couple summer roles and they were good. Plan to visit again and maybe try some pho but definitely big fan of the banh mi ! Seating area is questionable and not a lot of server based help but I had take out so it didn't bother me that muchI was craving pho, unfortunately some other spots were closed and it was bleeping cold so pho delivery it was. I was hangry, that hanger dissipated with every bite of this delicious pho broth. I got pho tai, they are generous with the veggies, beef quality coulda been better but to be fair I didn't ask for it to be not in the broth (this is an option to avoid overcooking). Very fragrant, me likey.I heard this place was the truth for their vermicelli noodle bowls. I've been in the hunt for the Bò Nướng Hành Hương and this place just had the regular beef option which still looked good. I ended up getting the shrimp spring roll combo bowl with extra cilantro and bean stouts. IT WAS SO GOOD. 
Flavor: pretty spot on for a Vietnamese rice noodle (vermicelli bowl). The fish sauce wasn't too sweet or tangy. The bean sprouts and lettuce balanced the sweetness of the sauce and and there was a little heat in the bowl as well. There might have been some crispy shallots on top that was a huge bonus in the flavor profile. 
Customer service: I typically ask folx to change their gloves if I see a few orders go by or there's general food allergens in the building. The staff member didn't even bat an eyelash. They quickly changed their gloves with no disgruntled behavior whatsoever. Which is a big deal for me. I've walked out of places because of that type of behavior, when customers have requests that are within health code standards. 
COVID-19 precautions: From what I could see, the staff were not wearing masks. I was ok with this because I did take out to warm my food up at home. There were no social distance markers on the floor or information/guidance on the door upon entry. 
All in all, I'm a repeat customer and for a fast casual restaurant, this place is worth its weight in gold.We stopped by here when they just opened.  We got a pho bowl and a banh mi.  Both were chicken.  However, the chicken in the banh mi was flavored a lot better than the pho.  The owners were there and were really nice.  It's a great spot that has been vacant for years so it's convenient to the convention center, marker east and locals in Chinatown.My daughter wanted Pho after she blew through her Christmas money shopping and I was happy to oblige. When entering the restaurant, make your way to the side of the counter. There you will find a kiosk in which you place your order. It's an easy set up and one is able to decide what broth, protein and toppings (along with sides) you want for your pho (or anything else you might want to order). We both got tofu pho with chicken broth and I got grilled pork on the side and she got grilled chicken. The pho was delicious, warm, comforting and filling. The grilled pork was oh-so-good and I promptly cut it into pieces and ate it in my big bowl of soup. This was a good place for pho and it satisfied our craving.  Tip: the code for the bathroom  is on the bottom of your receipt so you might want to hold onto that through out your meal.I have no idea if it's a custom or etiquette to eat all the pho. But it's definitely a challenge every time. I actually ordered plain pho, me being vegetarian. Tofu is squishy and flavor-less to me. The vegan broth mixed with onions, scallions, and jalepenos is simply wonderful. Gives the broth a tad bit of spicy ness. I don't like their thin yellow sauce, presumably duck sauce. The hoisin sauce is FIRE! It's only my second time trying it. Lastly the veggie spring rolls are full of well veggies and they're delicious. If it wasn't for the huge bowl of pho I would've bought another order of veggie rolls to go.Very satisfied.  Order chicken pho and spring rolls for takeout.  10 minute walk to hotel and broth still extremely hot.  Excellent meal!I had the sesame beef with broken rice and WOW! I haven't tried the Pho but this meal was on point. Great little spot to grab a quick bit for lunch. Great portion size and friendly staff