Its been awhile since our last visit and since then they have remodeled. Clean, bright and looks a little smaller but do not fear the food is as good as ever. We started with the Summer Rolls and they were packed with pork, shrimp and mint. My wife went with the ribeye and I with the pork and seafood Pho. Delicious broth with all of the accoutrement's. My wife LOVED hers and I did but was not a fan of the liver in mine. Service was quick and friendly. Already looking forward to our next visit.My boyfriend and I usually frequent Pho Ha on Washington Ave. But worth so many Pho places in the area we decided to try a nee place. We decided to try Pho Ha Saigon after reading some good reviews on Yelp.  Yhe diningroom was clean and nicely decorated. We were sat when we first came in and handed menus. Then we waited and waited. Then ee noticed that tables around us began to receive food and they eere seated after us. We tried to call the waiter over several times with no sucess. Finally we got the attention of the man behind the counter.  He came over and took our order. Then we waited again. My boyfriend ordered pho with cubed ribeye. Hr received his pho first. The broth was good but the noodle were undetcooked and his meag was one big hunk. Not cubed as he was told. My bowl had not artived. Hslfwsy through his bowl our appetizer arrived. I had still not received my pho. We asked the waiter where my soup was.  My bowl arrived aftrr my boyfriend had finished his bowl. The noodles were so mushy that I didnt need my teeth to eat them.  We would not return there. Poor service and just ok pho. Next time we go back to Pho Ha.Atmosphere inside was better than I expected given some other reviews. Bright and clean though it had a cafeteria feel to it. Broken rice with the sauce they served on side was very good. Try mixing sauce with chili sauce. Short ribs tasty but little meat. Grilled chicken and spring rolls were average. Though we have not tried it yet, pho dishes seemed large.  Regular cook was not in tonight. I would try this place again. Good size portions for the price.I am vietnamese and tried many pho places. This has the best beef pho in Philly. The Chicken pho was also not bad. Hu Tieu is delicious. The rice dishes also tasty. I am there almost every weekend!-food portion: A
-taste: C
-customer service: D
First time I ever went to this place, I was attracted by the design of the outside and because it was a new place. 
Initial thoughts: walked in and was greeted immediately and seated. Very open space family and friend inviting environment. Good color schemes. Bright and modern design on the inside. 
Customer service at first was flawless, waiters came up to our table 3 times asking if we were ready to order. 
Food: good portion sizes. I got the broken rice with pork and shared the fried spring roll appetizer with my family. 
I thought that appetizers were supposed to come before your main entree. In this case, it wasn't. It came with our main dishes. I understand if something was backed up, so I just let it go. However, the spring rolls had no taste and it was like eating spongy air. 
Broken rice with pork: the sweet and sour fish sauce that came on the side had no taste to it and they gave a scarce amount. The first piece of pork was cooked perfectly. The second piece which was substantially smaller was over cooked and it was like biting into a piece of rock.
Customer service/waiters: After we got our food we were not visited once. Even after everyone finished their food we had to wave down a waiter. They were over staffed it seemed like and most of them were just standing around chatting near he kitchen entrance. As we called on a waiter, I asked politely to box a spring roll to take home to my mom and for the check, he said "why don't you just eat it? It's just one last piece and the check is in the front you can get it there" not once in my entire life have I ever went to a restaurant and have someone tell me what to do because I wanted to take something home. I also never went to a restaurant where they do not bring you your check when asked for. At that point I was extremely annoyed and confused as to how someone could say that. This definitely ruined my entire meal/time here. He proceeds to come back without a box but with just a plastic bag and calls over another waiter. I than proceed to tell him the same thing I told the initial waiter. And he says "okay not a problem and takes the dish to pack." The initial waiter, before he walks away, asks with attitude "than why did you tell me to grab a bag, for what reason?" At this point lets just say I was a little more than annoyed. I asked for the person in charge while paying and told her what had happened and she went right back and I would like to believe talked to the waiter. 
Final thoughts: I do not think I will be returning to this place just because of that one waiter. If it wasn't for him I probably would come back, because I like to give places a second try. (Food wise)
And I rarely write reviews but I had to for this one instance.If I had to describe my bun bo hue bowl in one word it would be meaty. The broth was full of that beef flavor and the brisket/meats were so tender. Yum!
I think my only complaint would be the tableware. When I got my bowl, it had a weird smell. Sort of like the smell of a dirty dishwasher. While the aroma of the bun bo hue covered most of the odor up, occasionally I would smell it and it took away from the experience.I've had a fair amount of Vietnamese food around the country and I think this place is legit. The pho and vermicelli bowl were both awesome. When I ordered in person, the man at the counter was very polite and helpful in explaining the menu, so this may be a great place to try if you're not yet familiar with Vietnamese food!The food wasn't exceptional, tastes just like every other Vietnamese place. Though I love banh bot chien and was so happy to see that they served it. The reason they're getting 1 star is because of the customer service. Our waiter was a good sport but it was the manager that was condescending to my mother. We originally ordered soup to take home but then my father decided to stop by to eat with us. He told us to not adjust our order because he can't fix it. So my mom was sent back to her seat. Later on we asked our waiter if we can add some desserts on our check and he went straight to the register without hesitation. It wasn't even busy. There were 3 other tables occupied. Maybe we caught the manager on a bad day but my mom felt like she was spoken down to.Roti chicken with red rice, grill chicken with rice, grill beef with rice, vermicelli with grilled pork & spring roll are my favorite here!!This place is definitely the best Pho place in Philly.  I usually go here every other Sunday with my family for lunch.  The place is big and roomy and is in the same plaza as the supermarket which is another plus.  The people are nice and friendly.  
The pho always comes out steaming and fresh when you order it.  I'm big on consistency and this place definitely is.  The broth is strong and clear.  The noodles are cooked to perfection.  Not to hard and not to soft, just right.  The beef brisket is nice and fatty and there is enough of it to have in every bite which I don't have the luxury of in NYC.  I get the special so it comes with a lot of toppings and they are all def up there.  The beef balls which I also get to share with my family are great also.  
Overall, this is your standard pho place where many Viet families go to eat on Sunday and they def deliver.  The price is cheap and you get a huge bowl so you def get all the bang for your buck.My go to spot for Vietnamese food. Been eating pho and broken rice dishes for many years, ever since I was a young boy. I have to say that their broken rice dishes are probably one the best in south philly. Pho is just as good. Portions are good and should not be an issue. I come in, and come out full every time. If you're looking for Vietnamese food, do not hesitate to eat here. It's the best kind you'll find around south philly.Greeeeeeat pho, clean,  efficient service, priced reasonably, parking lot, cafeteria-like...but did I say the pho is amazing??So I came to this part of town because a friend's car got towed in center city and we were forced to make the long journey to this area to retrieve her car. Thanks to yelp, I was led to this hole-in-the-wall restaurant and ordered the Pho Ga with white meat chicken. Amazing! I tried pho once in DC and it was ok, but this soupy dish here was absolutely delicious. Not too salty, very tasty. And it took me two days to finish it! (I'm a slow/small/picky eater) I'm not sure when I'll ever go back to that part of town, but now I know where to go if I or someone I know ever gets a car towed.Saw someone check in on Yelp in a Pho place and my heart was set on getting Pho for dinner! I went to Pho Saigon around 7PM and ordered my food to go. I ordered a Pho (can't recall which number) and a side of Chia Go (fried spring rolls). My food was ready in less than 5 minutes and it seriously tasted delicious. 
The bill was ~$12 and I had enough food for dinner and lunch the next day. 
Great experience at Pho Saigon. Will definitely come back.I come here about once a week with my family for lunch and it's our favorite place to stop by. This restaurant probably has one of the best pho in Philly! I would always recommend ordering their pho or rice platters. Also, their smoothies are great too! I really like their smoothies and milk teas compared to the sandwich place right next door.I have to say that out of the Pho style restaurants that I've been to so far this one is my favorite. I had the B6 with an order of summer rolls and I couldn't be happier. The peanut sauce with the summer rolls was to die for. It was almost like liquid peanut butter but not as sweet. The grilled pork in my vermicelli bowl was cooked perfectly and the marinade was delicious. And I love the fact that they put a spring roll on top of it. I would never have thought to do that but it works very well. And the place itself was clean. Which is at the top of my importance list. The staff is very friendly and accommodating. I can't wait to go back.The pho here is great.  The broth is really flavorful, they give you plenty of meat, it's cheap and the portions are HUGE.
The only downfalls- The place smelled like a dirty rag and although I don't ever expect frequent water refills or even water at all at a pho place, I at least expect it if I ask for it.  I asked the one waiter and he walked 2 feet to the counter and forgot.  He ended up chatting with someone then walking back to clear tables.  I had to go to the counter and get it myself.The staff was very friendly.  The food was fresh and quick.  The grilled pork is amazing.  The iced coffee is really great as well!I finally caved in and was given the opportunity to try Pho... I wasn't reluctant, I just didn't understand the hype over a bowl of soup. However, since I am a huge soup fan, I was intrigued to give it a try...
Unfortunately my review can not be written based on comparison to similar establishments, but what I can tell you is that it is delicious and filling. For $7.99 I don't know that it can get any better (and that's a large).  The bowl was bigger than my head, literally. It was served quickly too. The noodles were cooked just right and the beef served raw, but cooks in the broth while you eat- that was both interesting and good. 
It took me a while to finish but for the price and the experience it cannot be beat. It's best to keep your order simple or ask the waiter for suggestions compared with what you know you like.  You will be full when you're done and not disappointed.Im from Texas, this place is Amazing.  I travel all over and try many places. This is a must stop while in Philly! Clean suburb fast excellent food!The Pho here is a 5 - it is hands down the best broth I have found thus far. It is flavorful beyond comparison to other places I have tried in this city. I went elsewhere just a few days ago and it was so disappointing that I plan on coming back to Pho H Saigon tonight. It is truly outstanding. The summer rolls are also on point. Perfectly sticky, the noodles are done just right, and the peanut sauce is so good.
The service is a 4 - attentive but not annoying, usually teenagers. Friendly all around.
The atmosphere is a 3 - average at best. I hate to downgrade Pho ha Saigon for their atmosphere because sometimes that hole in the wall is just what you want and serves the best food in town. However, I also cannot deny that sometimes comfy seating and good lighting can make or break a place. ThisI like this place, it's nice and quiet, friendly servers and great food. Came here for a bowl of pho and grocery shopping. It's perfect for a in this cold weather :)Ate here tonight with Jamie, Allison, and her Swarthmore buds.
Service was attentive, and ambiance was spacious clean spartan asian.
Fried spring rolls were tremendous, with solid pho and vermicelli dishes.  I ordered a P7, with rare steak and tendon.  The steak was sliced too thickly, resulting in logistical consumption difficulties, and they forgot my tendon, which they made right with a good sized bowl of them after I reported the oversight. 
The mountain o fresh veggies was lovely and delish, and their fresh chili paste was a lovely condiment to punch up the broth a bit.
Reported in Yelp as a top tier pho place in Philly, it's worth a swing to warm your soul and belly on a chilly day.Clean, bright vietnamese restaurant near the Oregon Diner. I ordered a bowl of Pho with diced ribeye ($7.50) which was terrific and slightly different the the Pho I've ordered at other places (a hint of smokiness in the broth and a lack of 5-spice, I think). Was also excited that I could get a smaller sized bowl of Pho since I can never come close to finishing the "regular" size. My dinner companion got pork summer rolls ($3.25) and broken rice combo; grilled pork chop, shredded pork, egg quiche & omelet ($7.25) and they threw in a spring roll when he requested it. Good meal, good prices.Pho Ha Saigon is located in an as yet not redeveloped part of South Philly on Oregon Avenue.  It is part of a small strip commercial center attached to the old Oregon Market.  This location is a satellite of the primary Vietnamese area on Washington Avenue, and it was a smart move to get to this place before the big money arrived to gentrify the neighborhood.  
The house itself is very similar to most of the other Vietnamese kitchens, in that it has a large floor plan with basic amenities; designed more like a cafeteria than a comfortable hang around restaurant.  Tables and chairs are utilitarian and are appropriate for the speed service provided by the friendly staff.  The menu covers a broad cross section of VN cuisine, from Pho and Bun to Vermicelli and Broken Rice dishes.  Prices are reasonable in light of the probable rent on the property.  It is easy to get completely stuffed for less than $10.  
While I normally start an exploration of a new Vietnamese house with a bowl of Pho, I broke out of the mold by ordering Broken Rice with Grilled Chicken for a lunch entre, and an app of Summer Rolls.  My companion went with a Vermicelli plate that included a sampling of Shrimp, Pork, Beef, Tofu, and a Fried Spring Roll.  
Everything was good, but the most memorable pieces of our meals were the Grilled Pork and Shrimp, and the Spring Roll.  They were tasty and brought smiles to our faces.  The rest was decent, but no better than the fare offered by most other shops.  I found the butterflied Chicken Thigh to be a touch under marinated and undercooked.  Thus, the skin and thicker aspects of the meat were not right for consumption. A few more minutes on the grill would have solved this.  Copious squirts of Sriracha and Hoisin helped.  
I will come back to try the soups which have received praise.The food here is sooooo good. Came here Saturday for 2 bowls of Pho to help cure our colds.  The broth is so flavorful.  Food comes out quick and there's always plenty of seating.
Def. worth driving the extra 25 minutes to drive into the city for good Pho.Great and fast food with generous portions, but the veggie soup is NOT a vegetarian broth! There really aren't more than a couple true vegetarian dishes on the menu, and they're all appetizers.Very clean and nice. Great price. Nice waitstaff, and has a takeout menu. Food was AMAZINGLoved the pho and loved the price!
The reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is because towards the end of the meal the service fell short, but besides that it's a great little place.  And there's a parking lot which is a nice bonus for being in Philly.My personal favorite Pho in Philly, flavor is superb . Bring your appetite if you order the large size PhoWe ordered Pho Dac Biet. It is very good. Good portion of food. Good service. Clean enviroment. We also loved vietnamess coffee there. Everything is great.Good place and good Pho noodle
The price is good the food test great
My family like it. Good workI have been coming here for over 10 times. My love with this place depends on the food that I ordered. I love their pho. Their pho is pretty good: a lot of noodles and meat. However, the com tam and the bun thit nuong are not that good in my opinion. The grilled pork is not as tasty as other places, but it is still pretty good. However, the fish sauce that they provided are super bland. Normally, the fish sauce for com tam and bun thit nuong should be different; however, this place uses the same fish sauce for these two different items. Because the fish sauce is too bland, the whole dish becomes bland as well, and as a Vietnamese, it's not good. I think that they diluted it with water probably so that non-viet can eat it but it is just so bland that I don't why they even need to give that out, as it provides no extra taste to the dish. Overall, I will just recommend the pho there.Authentic pho restaurant located in a small Vietnamese shopping area where the wait staff and customers speak Vietnamese.
The large pho IS huge: the bowl is almost a chopstick's length in diameter! The broth is full flavored with not much oil.
The fried spring rolls were golden brown with a nice crisp exterior. However, they had a slightly off flavor, possibly suggesting that the oil they were fried in wasn't as fresh as it could have been.This is my favorite pho/hu tieu spot in Philadelphia. Their generous portions are greatly appreciated, especially when their broth and ingredients are so damn tasty. I tend to like to order a vegetarian hu tieu (a south Vietnam version of pho). Their veggie hu tieu (H6) is incredible - it is chock full of great lightly friend tofu, fresh vegetables (including cabbage, snow peas, broccoli, carrots, mushrooms, AND BABY CORN!!!!!). It seriously is great. Their summer rolls are also very fresh! Would recommend to literally anyone!Whenever I'm in a mood for a nice bowl of pho ga a.k.a pho chicken I would come here with my sister. She's the one that introduce me to this place. The chicken is so fresh and you get a nice portion. I haven't found another pho ga place in Philly besides cafe Thanh Thanh which I am boycotting and haven't been there since they raise the price. The spring roll here are pretty good as well. I've been here a handful of time and every time I been here for the pho ga the food is consistent. So if you enjoy a nice bowl of pho ga you definitely should give this place a try.Pho places usually have a sweet and clear broth or it has a beefy broth. This place has a clear broth that's it. This pho place is your standard typical pho place; you wait to be seated, somebody takes you to your table, gives you water, you order, wait, eat, pay, and leave. So service pretty basic. The apps was very good. The pho is pretty much bland with no sweet tasty broth. There's a lot of meat and noodles with the pho but the key component to pho is the broth! Overall rating: 2/5 starsOne of my all time favorite Vietnamese restaurants in Philly . I love their pho & rice dishes & never had any complaints about this place . I love coming here with my family and friends . Their food is good and fresh and I would recommend this place to everyone who loves Vietnamese dishes .The parking lot is riddled with land mines in the shape of long neglected pot holes and abandoned vehicles. Separating the parking lot from what looks like a near deserted indoor mini mall are two doors that have seen better days. 
Have no fear. Proceed through said doorway and you will see the hustle bustle of a thriving restaurant unfold before you. The entrance to the restaurant is inside the mini market. Once you open their doors your nostrils will be permeated with the smell of stock and spices. Don't worry. When you leave this delightful aura will have imbedded itself into your clothing fibers and you will waft of scent oh Vietnamese delight until you change.
Broth is king. Every well honed soup monger puts their stamp on their offerings. There is a delicate richness to the offerings here and this is what makes the Pho here, in my most humble of phopinions, one of if not the best that I have had. Rich yet balanced, do slurpworthy! Their chicken pho however is hands on the best of anywhere that I have had in any city that I have been to.
Go get some.You know you are in an authentic place when all the locals show up. The 
Pho soup was exactly what you'd expect from a Korean restaurant. The service is a little slow but it's still worth it.
Don't expect linen table clothes or silver utensils.
The summer roll was fantastic and all the components were fresh.Fresh, inexpensive, and friendly. The big bowl portions are soooo big that even I couldn't finish!Me and my buddy comes here numerous times. Never disappointed. It's a good little spot for lunch or dinner. Best part is not having to struggle to find parking like in China town or the crowded plazas at 12th and 6th streets. Love this little cafe.Consistently the best Pho in Philly, and I've tried a lot of different places. Surprisingly good prices and very generous portions. They also give free tea which is a really nice touch. I'm addicted to the place.The food is good, but not great. The taste is pretty on par with the other local viet restaurants, so there isnt anything that separates it from them. However, the prices are significantly cheaper by $2-3 on each dish. And the location is part of a small (but dilapidated) shopping center, which includes a large parking lot. This is a godsend for South Philly. 
The reason for my low-rated review is for the service and the sanitation issues I witnessed. For my personal taste, I find that cheaper Asian restaurants tend to have poorer service. As such, we were constantly rushed throughout our meal even though half the restaurant was empty, we were never asked/given water, and even before we sat down, they asked if we were ready to order. I did not find anything about the experience enjoyable, and the food was not good enough to overcompensate their rating. 
Additionally, on several occasions, I saw staff handling money, sneezing into their hands, and of the like, and then handling or serving customers' food without washing their hands!!! Basic hygiene and sanitation was not practiced, and this was the final straw. 
Would I come back? Only if someone really wanted to. Maybe it was just a bad day? Unlikely.I come here often for the pho! My favorite pho is the Chicken pho, bone in. The chicken is really tender no matter if it is dark or white meat! But make sure you order it bone in. I've tried various items on their menu and I have never been disappointed. 
The only thing I didn't enjoy that much was their spring rolls, I think its too much taro in there for me. It's a preference thing. 
Their avocado smoothie is really good too. 
Their service is quick and friendly.This is definitely a decent place. I come here often to get their lemon grass with beef soup and the pho. I also like their broken rice with chicken. Their food is well done, and the broth is full of flavor. It is good, and the service is nice. It is definitely a lot better than the Pho places in Chinatown. The quality is comparable to Pho Ha.Great pho.  Lots of flavor, good quality ingredients, and they don't skimp on the meat.  Wait staff was appropriately attentive (though it should be noted I was there in the middle of the afternoon, ie not a peak time, so they didn't have much to do).  All in all, the pho here was better than some of the other places I've tried in the city - good enough for me to try to drag my pho-loving friends down to South Philly when other places are closer.  I'll definitely be returning.This is my favorite Vietnamese restaurant!!! I usually get the pho with nam, tripe and tendons. It's not on the menu, but they can make it for you. The nam is so tender and the broth is on point!!! I always get the ice Vietnamese coffee too! You will not be disappointed!!! The staff here are friendly and quick!Decided to stop here after running some errands I  South Philly. I ordered the spring rolls and pho. The spring rolls were bland and the mini shrimp inside of the spring roll was still in the shell. Seemed like a lazy short cut to me. The pho broth was mediocre. Unlike other Vietnamese restaurants that serve pho the broth didn't have much flavor to it. It tasted like a lot of beef bouillon and water.
Overall I was not impressed with the cuisine. The establishment appears to be clean and well staffed. Service was fast and accurate. Our waiter was professional and kind.
I will not return to this restaurant in the future. There are so many other places in Philly to get good Pho.I've been there a few times because it's literally two blocks from my house. I honestly do not like it here because it doesn't have the authentic taste of pho. The portion they give is also smaller than other places I've been there, I can never be surfeit. But I've been to places that were worse.The food here is good, average service and casual atmosphere. I recommend the pork chops with a cup of broth on the side. I love the way they marinate them, then grill them. So very good!Food was excellent. Service was great. Food was complete and ready in minutes. Great food. Loved the atmosphere. Nice and clean. Come hungry.Delicious and great but there is NO VEGETARIAN PHO! It's chicken broth. I like shrimp so I got the shrimp vermicelli which was super. If I had come with vegans they would have been out of luckOK - first of all I got take out - so that might account for the lower review.
Secondly, I had bun  (not Pho) - but here's why I thought Pho Ha was good but not great:
Sugarcane shrimp was soggy (possibly due to take out)
Shredded carrots on top of the Bun were overly pickled/vinegary.
I will be back to try the Pho and the service was GREAT - so friendly and welcoming, but honetsly?  I've have way better bun at Pho Cali and numerous joints in Oakland, CA.
Good prices.
Update:  I went back for Pho (I got the one with diced tenderloin) and awesome Summer rolls.  Excellent.Love their services like them boys give me my jawn at a timely fashion with respect. Decent food to be expected can't really go wrong.Generous portions , very fresh and good quality pho! Broth is fully developed flavors all compliment each other , friendly and hard working staff , very clean place . As good as it gets .I really can't say enough good things about this place. It's very low cost, filling, and overly yummy!!  And as is always said about more ethnic foods, this restaurant is always packed with local Vietnamese so you know its good and the way its suppose to traditionally taste.  Also, tea is included with every meal!! GO HERE!!The rice dishes (com tam) here are a must and highly recommend because they serve "broken rice", which tastes better than regular rice. I also recommend the rolls here (goi cuon) with chicken and/or shrimp. The drinks here are filled mostly with crushed ice pellets, so tell them you prefer only half the ice content or else you'll be drinking 88% water!This place serves decent food. But portions are small. The BBQ pork are flavorful and the spring rolls are yum yum yum. Fast service and fair price.Delicious! Came here for lunch during a business trip and plan on returning every time I'm in town. Highly recommend if your looking for some tasty cuisine!Best bowl of pho in the city I think.  Pho 75 is my other go to, but I am feeling Ha Saigon a bit more lately.  Broth is very flavorful and consistent.  I suggest the rare flank steak and lean brisket.   Free tea.  
Comfortable and clean in there, the staff is super friendly and welcoming.  A few TVs for catching an inning or two of the phils out of the corner of your eye while you eat.  And plenty of free parking, always.  No frills pho joint. I've heard the rice dishes are good too, but every time i think about it I see someone slurping pho and I just go for the same old delicious order.Delicious Pho Tai Sach, probably the best I've had so far in Philly. This place is in a grungy shopping center, and when I was in there to pick up my order there was a table of old Asian women eating from a tray of large fruit while counting money in a plastic bag. Talk about authentic ...A relatively new pho restaurant in Philly, but it's now at the top of my list whenever I want a great bowl of pho. You can't really go wrong with a good bowl of broth, noodles, and meat. 
Interior is brightly lit and clean, with multiple big screen tvs hanging from the ceiling. I've only ordered the Pho Ga, but it's a good indicator for the broth since chicken is the blandest thing to order. The thing that makes me come back is the broth - there's a wonderful, almost earthy flavor to it - it's different from the broth that I've tasted at Pho 75 and Pho Saigon (both great options for pho). It's a rich flavor from whatever they're using to make the broth - I wish I knew their secret! 
Service is fast - moments after being seated, the server brought over hot tea and took our orders. Summer rolls were on the table in a few minutes, and as soon as we'd finished the rolls, the pho was in front of us. The servers are attentive but they don't hover. Kind of a quiet establishment, but I think that's just because not too many people know it's there.Delicious!! I got pho with tofu and vegetables. Very fresh and tasty. Don't be afraid of the building exterior. Inside is nice and the people are very friendly.My favorite pho spot and I'm pretty picky with pho. I also like their service. It's usually really fast and all the guys there seems pretty friendly. Keep it up!Here's my update on why I dropped a star. The food was the same. I got pho while my brother got com suon nuong. But the problem was the serving time. There's no reason why his dish should be served when I'm almost done finishing up my bowl. That's a good 20 some minute difference. Tables around were getting their food just fine but we had to remind the waiters two times that my brother didn't get his plate yet. 
So yes. A star was dropped due to the service.if i was to live here, this is where i would get my pho fix.
i really didnt think there was any pho like San Jose, but this is pretty damn close. the place is pretty clean and the waiters are pretty quick with the orders and the food. what im used to. 
if you want really good pho and was around here. try this place out. i bet you wont regret itRoad Trip!!!
So my girlfriend and I decided to take a road trip to what we saw as 1 of thee best vietnamese restaurants in the tri-state area.
Yes! This place lives up to the stars they have been awarded. We almost stopped at Tony Luke's :0 but keep going to feed our endless curiosity of pho ha saigon. 
We found it quite easily and we came all the way from Warminster, Pa. It is attached to a mall so look for giant lettering on top. We will go back and want to try the hoagies. YUM!!!
PROS:
Amazing pho and spring rolls and yes the tea was plentiful and best of all...FREE!!!
Waiters are friendly, kind and made sure  our water was full, tea was hot and yes the pho was HOT!!! Place was clean , nice TVs and shrine and incense was nice also. 
I also want to say their bathrooms are soooo clean. My girlfriend said the same thing. Amazing bathrooms, be sure to check them out. :) The price is amazing for what you get and the staff is very kind. Did I mention the candy is yummy also?
CONS:
Really the only con is I wish they were a stand-alone restaurant and closer to Bucks County but it was a nice ride, easy to get to from 95 or if you want to come down Broad also. 
CONCLUSION:
A great vietnamese restaurant with great food amazing service and bathroom floors you could eat off of. :) Have some pho in an authentic vietnamese restaurant, enjoy the spacious seating and  enjoy some hot pho at a great price.Consistent steady service every time I go. I love their veggie pho because they use a different broth which is delicious. Their broken rice with short ribs is similar to Korean marinade and very scrumptious! Every weekend they try to have a specialty dish for a variety. It's a must-go-to place!Came in a slow time around 3:30 on Sunday afternoon. One server was using cell phone, the other was eating peanuts before someone was willing to take our order.Me and hubs came in before going to a 76'ers game and we loved it! The restaurant is located in a shopping center. It seemed there were mainly Asian stores around. 
We started off with some spring rolls and summer spring rolls. The summer spring rolls were delicious, but I didn't think the regular ones were anything special. 
Then we continued with 2 bowls of hearty pho. Hubs had the steak pho, I had pho with steak and fatty brisket. So good! Meats were really tender and perfectly cooked. The broth was so good and heart-warming on a wet and chilly day. 
Staff is really friendly, and the fact that the place was filled with Asians convinced us to come back in again soon.You cant go wrong with the pho, vermacelli and broken rice dishes (my go to is the chicken broken rice) It can get busy at dinner and service lags at times but the food is pretty great. They also have pick up service. It takes about 15 minutes to pick up your order.Every time I visit Philly, I had to have a bowl of Ph Gà because Pho with fresh, free-range chicken is unique to Philly on the entire East Coast.  This time, I found Pho Ha Saigon (not to be confused with Pho Ha) to be even better than Thanh Thanh in the broth department.  I'm also impartial to their ginger dipping sauce vs. the lime sauce at Thanh Thanh. The ginger sauce was on the sweet side but was easily fixed by a few dashes of raw fish sauce :).  BTW, this place is in a little bit nicer part of town and has plenty of parking.I go here for breakfast a bunch. They open at 9am and there are always people in there. its a nice way to start your day... watching the news, eating some delicious Pho. I love the location too because I can do my grocery shopping also since its in the same strip mall as the market. 
The staff is crazy fast and super nice! Very affordable and filling.Unfortunately we received awful service with our extremely unsatisfying meal. Their Hai Nan Ji Fan is not even close to something resembling the real thing. They first tried giving us something resembling chicken slices and a pile of dry, white rice. As we all know, the rice should be slightly yellow with a yummy oily sauce; this was not at all. When we asked whether that was correct, they said they brought out the wrong dish. Round 2, they came out with the exact dish but with something lightly drizzled over the rice. When we asked why it was so different than what we are used to, they argued every restaurant has their own take on the dish and then refused to take it back even though we never touched the dish. We asked to speak to the manager and another man came around pretending to be in charge. When we asked if he was the manager and whether we could speak with him, the second man walked away in a huff and ignored us the rest of the meal. We had to beg them to take away the chicken dish, saying we didn't care whether they charged us.
Sadly, the pho was barely up to par too. The soup is extremely bland. I ordered a medium number 9 and was given 3 slices of meat. Our other order of a number 2 was just as lacking. I was nervous to order anything else as they look like they may spit in it. 
I honestly have no idea how this place has received so many positive reviews. I promise I'm not a pho elitist but I have had my fair share of pho and hai nan ji fan and neither deserves to be called so here. The service was also so poor; it wasn't until after we got the check that we saw they didn't charge us for the chicken dish. 
Also, we spoke to them first in English and then in Chinese so beware as they may try to bully or trick you!I found out about this location from a relative from Vietnam. I figured with some work friends in town we could give it a try.
     While there was plenty on the menu I wanted to sample, I kept it simple. I ordered a large bowl of pho with rare beef and fatty brisket along with an order of the summer shrimp/pork rolls. My girlfriend ordered the chicken with broken rice and my friend got a bowl of pho as well. 
     First off, prices are very reasonable. I think that's always something to take in to account that can move a rating. Cheap won't make bad food good, but a deal on good food will move a restaurant up.
     The rolls arrived first and they were pretty large compared to kinds I've had before. Pretty standard, but not to discount that they weren't delicious. Then our meals arrived. The pho was in quite a large bowl and the chicken/rice dish was reasonably sized. For a second I thought I mistakenly got tripe with mine, but it was just the brisket was VERY fatty. It wasn't bad, just different than what I thought. Now I discussed with my friend that whole I'm not pho expert, I found the texture of the noodles to be extremely good. They had the right amount of chew without being overcooked. The soup itself was very tasty and hit the spot. The rare beef was a decent portion and was just right.
     While the chicken/rice dish seemed quite plain, the chicken itself had a great flavor. The sauce/seasoning had me chasing what was on the plate with the plain, white rice to get it all up.
     I also ordered an iced coffee with bubbles/boba. While they didn't bring me one with boba, I really loved the coffee. A bit sweet, and with a rich taste. Almost closer to a mocha/slightly smoky (not sure if I'm describing it right). Either way, I really liked the coffee.
     Overall, I really think the place was spot on. Yes, it's in a bit of a offset location and is kind of a dive, but the food was good and I'm definitely planning to go back.Let me start off by saying that this would be a five star review if the service was better. 
The food is absolutely DELICIOUS. We started out with the summer rolls which were the largest I've ever had. The sauce that came with them was good, but there wasn't even enough for us to get through the rolls, they were that big! I ordered the duck soup with egg noddles, my partner ordered the seafood mix soup with egg noodles. They each had a different soup base that complimented the meat in them, which was much appreciated; I've been to many Vietnamese restaurants that only have one or two base broths that they use for everything. The portions of meat in each of our soups was extremely impressive, even though we only ordered the medium size! 5/5 stars for food. 
The service really left something to be desired. We were greeted and given hot tea quickly enough, and placed our orders within a few minutes of arriving. After our soup was dropped off, however, our server never returned to our table. There were about 5 tables occupied in the giant restaurant, and there were at least six servers and a busser on duty. I wanted to get a to go container to bring my food home and prior to that a refill on my water... No such luck. They were all sitting with their backs turned to us watching football. We waited for a good 10 minutes before we got up and went to the counter to just pay our bill (without water and without a to go container). I never saw another server follow up with other tables, either. We were on our own once we got our food. 
If you want to sit and watch football with your back to your tables, that's fine. I'm not paying you to do that. I still left a tip but it was only around 12% when generally I leave at least 20%. If you don't want to give a damn you're going to make don't give a damn money.Very fast service, and excellent.  Lots of turnover.  Today it's harder to park as there is construction, but worth the trip.I came here last night after having a pho craving and searching the internet for a top spot.  I have to say I was a little disappointed based upon the great reviews I'd been reading.  I did think it was a good sign when I walked in and was one of the only white people there for dinner.  I was seated and served quickly.  I ordered summer rolls with chicken and shrimp and rib eye steak pho.  The girlfriend ordered chicken pho.  Both the rolls and the pho were simply okay.  The rolls really lacked flavor.  I kept thinking pork was the way to go.  The pho was decent.  HUGE portion and good broth, but nothing that was drawing me in for another bite.  While I admittedly not a pho connoisseur, I have had pho (out in San Francisco) that did blow me away, so I at least have some perspective.  Certainly a decent meal, that left me full and was cheap, but I will continue to hunt for a top pho spot in the city and do not anticipate coming back here (as an aside, the water tasted funny).  Really debated going 2 stars here.Just...not as good as Pho 75. Sorry.
I'm pretty new to this whole Pho phenomenon, but I know good beef when I taste it. Brisket was tougher, less flavorful. Restaurant was harder to find. The food is cheap and it showed.I have only ordered take out from this establishment and both times it has been excellent.  The pho does not dissapoint, the broth is rich and savory and the accompaniments are plentiful.  The egg noodle soup with wonton was so delicious.  The noodles had fresh garlic which really added to the flavor of the broth.  It was also served with crispy fried onions, chives, and wilted baby bok choy to add to the heartiness of this soup. The wonton was perfect, the pasta was thin and the fillings were a mix of shrimp and pork.  The Thai pearl milk iced tea is dangerously addicting. Can't wait to order from here again.PLEASE READ! One of the workers here asked my 9 year old son "Where do you live". They were in the bathroom alone. My son was washing his hands and the employee was at the urinal. My son quickly grabbed a paper towel and got out of there. He was shook up and very upset. I told the manager about the situation and she said "are you sure it was an employee?" I told her my son was sure as the employees all wear maroon shirts with pho ha Saigon written on the back. Then she replied "well that's creepy" and that was that. 
We use to frequent it as its close to our warehouse. 
Totally disgusted and will NEVER ever set foot here again.Hub and I are moving to the area soon and are so glad we found this place. Hands down best pho and banh mi we've ever experienced together. The broth is light but flavorful without being overly greasy and salty and the meat tastes fresh. I've had pho in the past where the meat tasted like it had been frozen, lending the broth to an unsavory back flavor and odor. I highly recommend the grilled pork banh mi. I am used to the classic style of banh mi with the pate and lunch meat but the grilled pork banh mi is at another level. It tastes like Korean style bulgogi/galbi marinated meat topped with pickled radish, cilantro, and cucumber on a  perfectly soft and flaky baguette. The iced coffee is done perfectly as well. Found our new joint "pho" sho!Whatever you order, you will be satisfied.  Place is big and clean. Food? Perfect! The reason I do not give 5 star is servers. 
I have used this restaurants long time. From my experience, only few of them works and cares customers well. Most of them are just standing an talking with others. Running out of water? Servers will give you water only of you are lucky to meet nice one.
Sometimes I order bahn mi, vietnamese sandwich. I really love it but I wish they put some more inside.
Photo and rice are my favorite. Perfect. No more words. PERFECT!!!!
I was about to give 3 stars bcuz of servers, but I'm giving them 4 stars bcuz food is really goodI will never eat or step foot in "Pho Ha" on rising sun Ave in my life. Just had the most racist waiter in my life. I asked him about the different Pho. These are the exact words that came out his mouth "Why y'all come here. Why y'all come to eat here for." That crushed my little heart. I never felt so unwelcome in my life. I packed my son up so fast. I will not be spending my money there. I gave a one star only for how nice it look inside. Other than that I would have not given this restaurant any starsDelicious food, great atmosphere, amazing service. Definitely 5-star worthy! I keep coming back to this place and the food NEVER fails me! I highly recommend getting the grilled chicken banh mi sandwich and fresh pennywort juice.My boyfriend and I visit Pho Ha Saigon once a week(Sunday) I get the usual, the veg Pho soup. I have to say that this is the BEST place for Pho soup. I been to A.C and eaten at a few restaurants but they don't compare to this place. Everything is fresh and the service is fast and the worker are friendly.We asked nicely for more fish sauce and the waiter's reply was...'you couldn't tell me this earlier?' . Like am I suppose to predict the future? Am I suppose to know how much sauce I need? -___- He ended up never giving it to us. Shitty customer service. As a long time costumer, I've enjoyed the food but I won't be coming back because   your one shit head waiter was too lazy to go to the kitchen and actually do his job . The audacity! Should I bring my own bottle of fish sauce ?! UghBeen here two Saturdays in a row. It's that good.
Clean, modern decor, with big windows. Plenty of wait staff. Plenty of parking.
I've tried the chicken and pork banh mi. I prefer the pork, but you will enjoy your sandwich no matter the choice of protein. The bread is warm, light, crisp and soft. The tang of the veggies is just right and provide just the right amount of acid to balance the richness of the pork.
The pho is excellent. The broth is clear and not greasy at all. Of course as with any soups, if you order the fattier cuts of meat you end up with more oil. The deluxe in the large size is under ten bucks. The serving size of the large will be filling for most people.
My only two negatives with this place is that it's not closer to where I live and the bathroom could be a bit cleaner.The food here is good, not amazing, but the place overall is leagues better than the pho restaurant that's right next door, by the supermarket. The place is clean and the decor is nice. Despite the good food, service is lacking. And it's like that every time I go. 
The staff is friendly, but you're never checked up on during your meal and your water is never refilled. After they take your order, you never see your waiter/waitress again, especially since you pay your bill up at the front. I've been to the place when it wasn't busy, when it was and always had the same experience. 
I'll still come for the food, but would appreciate better service.The Pho is delicious along with the summer roll l,it's clean, friendly staff is courteous and fast...Such a huge clean place with lots of customers! Clearly they are doing so well! It's just that some of the waiter guys are kind of.. creepy? Like stop staring when I'm eating and when I'm waiting to take out my food! Thank you!I love this place. Anytime I wanna go eat pho, I go here. The food is very good. The portions are huge. I wish my egg rolls were a little hotter but that's okay and wished it was made to order, but that's okay. What they lack at is customer service. I was eating pho and there were about 4 customers behind and they was complaining that their food was not coming out after 20 minutes of waiting and I looked around me and I notice that the employees were not checking on their customers. They were standing around and sometimes walking aimlessly waiting for their checks to arrive. The employees, they're nice but are very lazy to check on their customers.This is my go-to Vietnamese restaurant, especially since it's 5 mins away from home. 
This is good for a quick meal because the food always comes out fast. I'm usually only here for 30-45 mins at most. 
I never really get the pho here. I'd rather go to Pho 75 (not too far from here) for pho.
I get the bun bo hue or the rice platters. The rice platters are a hit or miss but the bun bo hue is always good!The bahn mi and pho bowls are wonderful.  The place is huge and customers are not sitting on top of each other.  $8 for a bowl is a fair price considering my usual place charges $11.50 (sorry pho saigon, I'm leaving you).  I have not tried to bakery but open to suggestions.My 3rd time coming here and this place hasn't changed a bit. The service is still horrible and the pho is not good at all. The broth tasted bland with nothing but msg. Also, there are not enough meat in the soup and the noodle is not tender. Don't know why this place is so crowed, but I would never come here again. You are better off going to Pho & More 2.The place is clean, well staffed and fast service.  Prices are good.  I had the Bun Bo Hue and it was good, not "really" good but good none the less.  I would have preferred it a bit more spicy.  They don't go light on the meat either.  Will be back to try some other items.I've only been to this place once and the experience as whole was ok. The decor of this place is great. It's probably the cleanest and most modern looking Vietnamese restaurant I've been to. The food was just ok in my opinion.  Now usually I can deal with ok food with great ambiance but the kicker were the prices. The prices at this place are higher than most Vietnamese restaurants and even more expensive than my south philly haunts that probably pay more in rent. If the prices of this place were on par with what's normal for Vietnamese food thru out the city it would definitely get another star. I can't imagine my self going out of my way to goto this place but if there isn't any other option and I don't feel like driving to far I'd probably end up here.This is my place to go! I literally go here at least once a week....LITERALLY. I either get pho or bun bo hue and they never fail to disappoint.I ordered take out-- a banh mi, pork chop over rice and pho. 
The banh mi- The veggies were crunchy and the meat/pate was French. $4.50 is higher than other spots but it's def worth it!
The pho- immediately I noticed there wasn't any oil on the surface of the pho. Definitely a healthier broth. The sprouts and mint were not as fresh but that could just be from being packaged in the warm bag.
The pork chop- a little too much sauce but it was cooked perfectly. The rice and veggies were also plentiful and delicious.
All in all, I was pretty impressed. The interior is super clean and nice. I feel a little sorry for the neighboring pho places. I used to go to pho and more 2 but I think it's definitely worth it to switch to pho ha Saigon. Yum!Excellent pho at decent prices for the serving size. We go out of our way for this place!Went here today with my daughter, was excited to try this place out. The place itself was very nice, it looks clean, had nice Decour. It's took a while for someone to come and take our order. I got the chicken Pho, It was pretty much all bones hardly any chicken at all so I asked if I could order a side of extra chicken. They bought me a plate of pretty much bones with just a little bit of chicken on it. My daughter and I both ordered coffees which they never brought, so I flagged somebody down and they went and brought out one coffee. Nobody came to check in see how everything was, we were done eating for a while and nobody came up to us so finally I walk to the front to get a container for leftovers and asked for the check. I was shocked that they charge 550 for the extra chicken being as it was literally a plate of bones, so I voiced that. They said it was that much because it was fresh expensive chicken, but I was literally given bones which was what my point was, but they didn't care. I also told them they never brought me out my coffee so I got it to go. There's two other Pho spots Around here that I will stick with, I will not go back here again the service was terrible, and the Chicn Pho was a jokeClean and modern Vietnamese place that stands out from others in the neighborhood.  The menu is extensive (at least for different variants of pho). Service was fast and the servings are huge (large is way more than most people can eat). The bowls were good, though a bit under seasoned. Nothing that couldn't be fixed with some peppers and sriraccha.  A good value and great find.I wouldn't even rate this wit one star. Totally sucks of customer service skills!!!!! But have to in-order to post up my review.
It's been awhile since we have been to this place. It's raining out tonight, so we thought to just have a little detour and stop by for a bowl of Pho. As we walked in, noticed it's not as busy as we thought it would be. 
We did get seated right away. Our tea was given also right away. Then this is where it all started going down hill from here. Three guys just sitting down and doing nothing. Waited more than 10 mins for someone to take my order. I had to walk up to the front to place my order. 
I had asked for a small side dish due to sharing a few dishes. No one brought it out. Had to once again go up to the front. We also asked for more pho broth with an additional cost. Instead they brought out chicken broth. At this point I was upset cause they had just messed up everything. 
This place has definitely changed a bit. Not sure if I would recommend this place to anyone.New pho place. It's new, its clean....for now. The broth isn't what I'm used to. You don't get that pho broth aroma. It's overpriced. One size. Service was a lil unorganized. So I think everyone will give it a try since it's new in the area but over time ppl will go back to the few old restaurants that's been in the area forever.I am a big fan of Pho Ha Saigon. The food is great and the casual atmosphere is a bit more polished than the dilapidated cafeteria style you often encounter at Vietnamese restaurants. The place is BIG too, so no worry about finding a table ready for you unless you have quite a large group. 
I have tried four or five things so far, but keep coming back to the DIY summer roll dishes, the beef in grape leaves is killer.
The pho is pretty good, but ultimately doesn't really compete with the masters a little further down the street who do nothing else. Embrace the rest of the menu, it is incredible.The is a complete PHO RESTAURANT..
Everything about this place is perfection 
From the decor, customer service,and cleanliness ...Last but definitely not LEAST .... THE PHO . TASTY..FILLING  
LOTS OF MEAT N NOODLES
STOP IN ENJOY A HUGE BOWL OF PHO
The menu is full of other items to try 
You won't be disappointed!I came here on their grand opening and was not impressed with their pho. However, several months later I came back and my mind was changed. Their broth wasn't as bad this time, pho noodles freshly cooked so it's not coagulated at the bottom of the bowl, all meats were tender and delicious and service was attentive. The ambiance of this place is contemporary and so clean which makes me feel good about eating there. 3 stars simply because I've had pho that's packed more authentic cooked for hours flavors.By far the best pho I have ever eaten at a Vietnamese restaurant. I've had my share of pho all throughout Philadelphia-- from Washington Ave. to Chinatown-- and the medium pho dac biet at Pho Ha Saigon is so flavorful, meaty, and perfect. Just taste the broth and you'll see there's no need for the extra hoisin sauce. 
The location has a vibrant, modern feel with ample parking and so much space inside. 
I wish I could eat everything on their menu. Bring a couple friends and share as many dishes as you can. Their pho, com tam, banh mi, and bun look so good.First time here and the place looks very modern. I got the vermicelli noodle bowl with pork and spring roll for $8.50. The food great, no complaints. My table mates got pho and they said the broth was watered down and had no flavor. Maybe they ran out of broth but even though we came during prime dinner hours. The service was okay as it took awhile to get an extra tea cup and chopsticks but we always had our tea filled. I would definitely recommend this place but their pho broth needs to be consistent as it was always good when my table mates came here before.Muy bueno el lugar exelente servicio exelente precio y sobre todo exelente comida y muy ricas las phoClean and fairly priced. Pho has great flavor. Rice entrees are good too. I've never been disappointed. The wings are great too. We visit at least once a month. I would definitely recommend it.I gave this 2 stars but if I could have done 2 and half I would have. The place is very modern looking and had an overall good ambience.  The food was also very good. My husband had the #12 and I had the fried rice. I took my husband here because he loves Pho and Vietnamese food. I am more of a novice to this type of food. 
The service here is the reason why I did not rate this location well. The hostess was prompt and friendly and the food came out quickly...that is the only plus to service. Our server took our drink order which was cold tea and a Coke. He came back 5 minutes later and said they 'ran out' of Coke. We asked what options he had for soft drinks and he said Mountain Dew and Sierra Mist. Great selection...not. Then what was supposed to be tea came out. It tasted like water that cleaned out a tea pot. I sent it back. Then we ordered. Since Im not big on sauces which I am unsure of I asked about what sauce the fried rice came with and was subjected to 3 minute talk from the waiter about how the restaurant  has to pay for other people's orders when they send that back. That is my problem? Completely unprofessional.  No one came to our table the whole time we were there except for the nice hostess who asked did we want a box for our to go food. Maybe that's because our waiter was at one of the other customer tables along with other waiters having a meal. If you want good Pho you can get it but get it to go.
Women's bathroom was also dirty with two stalls not for use.Over all great Pho and the rest of the menu looks totally super yummy. Great service and clean environment. Definitely would recommend to anyone. A+++My go to Pho spot is Pho75, but I decided to try this new place. This place was pretty crowded. The interior design looks like chipotle and apparently it is a BYOB spot. The service was horrible and the Pho took long. The broth was good, not to salty or oily and the noodles was soft, but still average and over priced. I may have to go there and give it a second try...This place looks really modern and nice. The food is good. Maybe the broth of the pho could use some work but besides that everything else has been great. I've visited a few times and will definitely be back whenever I am in the area. I like their spring rolls and summer rolls too.This is my first time trying  this Vietnamese restaurant. Nice and quiet the food was great. I  had Pho Oxtail the meat fell off the bone.It's been awhile since I came here for a meal already. Today I am quite disappointed with them. Sat down around 1pm and placed the order shortly after. Our food didn't come out til more than half an hour later after we have to ask the waiter to check on our order. By then my 11mos baby was fussing for food already! Surprisingly, only 2 of the 3 orders were out and the waiter said my order will be out soon. After another half an hour my food is still not here! Seriously?! The place is not even pack full! I ended up cancelling my order and didn't get to eat my lunch. How sad! Plus, I tried a bite of their pho noodle, it isn't great since I have eaten much better pho at some other place. My husband and I said we will never go back to that place ever again. Very disappointing.This place is not only BEAUTIFUL and modern but it also has really DELICIOUS FOOD! I will definitely come back a lot!I enjoyed our dinner. Everything tasted good and fresh. Our waiter Kevin was very attentive. Nice atmosphere.Absolutely delicious food and beautiful restaurant. The outside location is not the best but the restaurant itself is beautiful and delicious.I waited in the Cafe + Banh Mi for 10 mins, several workers saw me on the restaurant side and was later acknowledge to place my order in the restaurant. I ordered and paid $4.38 for a Vietnamese Iced coffee to go. It was definitely overpriced and most of it was ice, never again! Rather have went to Starbucks, McDonald's or Wawa instead. What a ripoff and waste of time...Pho ha Saigon is a clean and a visually great place to get your standard pho. I got the grilled chicken with broken rice, my standard because I'm not a phonatic. It was good but a bit dry. Staff is a little nicer than the ones at Washington Ave. Four stars. If you live in the area and looking for your veit fix this place is great.If you enjoy Pho this is a must try place. Probably one of the nicest Pho restaurants I've been to. Big on the outside and easy to spot as well as clean and open on the inside. Although I've never sat and eaten here I have ordered out many times and never been disappointed. The staff is very helpful and friendly and once you put a good order in the wait time is not long at all. Also price wise it is very adorable and filling as Pho usually can be. Don't have one bad thing to say about this restaurantAdams Ave offers plenty of options for any fan of Vietnamese cuisine. There are pho specialists, banh mi bakeries, and numerous other restaurants serving superb renditions of a small variety of dishes. Unfortunately, not everyone always wants to eat the same thing. Also, not everyone is cool with eating at divey, hole in the wall spots no matter how good the food. When the situation demands catering to mixed appetites or dining in somewhat upscale surroundings, Pho Ha Saigon comes to the rescue.
For a place with pho in the name, that soup represents the weakest component of the menu. The slightly thin broth lacks some of the spices like star anise that I like in pho. Fortunately, the meat and noodle portions are quite generous. Large means more meat and noodles rather than just more broth, rendering the large bowls genuinely difficult to finish. For broken rice or vermicelli dishes, Pho Ha Saigon marinates their grilled meats expertly resulting in some deliciously smoky stuff. Banh mi benefit from classically awesome (perhaps house baked?) crispy, airy baguette and from being stuffed with sizable portions of veggies and those aforementioned grilled meats.
Service is pretty standard for a Vietnamese place, and prices are pretty fair given the portions. While Pho Ha Saigon may not do one particular thing the best in the Northeast (the awesome banh mi notwithstanding), it does a very decent job of serving a varied menu of Vietnamese food in a clean, modern setting. We find ourselves returning frequently for those reasons, and it's subsequently worth checking out.I would give it more stars if it wasn't so damned difficult to flag down staff. It was packed for lunch on a Sunday. The place is new so the floors and furniture didn't stick to you (like the other Pho places). Our party of 6 including a 5 yr old ordered Pho, Bun, and Chicken Fried Rice (no kids menu here). I had the Pho #25. Digging in, I knew I would have trouble with the noodles. It's those noodles that are too long for one slurp. The soup looked perfect but heavy on MSG.  The meats and tripe in the dish was delish and tender (MSG helped). The neat thing is Cafe Banh Mi is attached so there were some cool authentic Vietnamese desserts to end the meal. The banana leaf yellow bean wrap was spot on. I had wanted to get some Banh Mi to go but the lack of a menu board discouraged me. I also didn't want to flag down staff again. It was an experience trying to get the waiters' attention maybe I will return in the summer.Food was good,  pho soup was yummy but service was definitely lacking. Would do takeout the next time rather than sit in to eat.Extreme delicious Phô and spring rolls mmmmm the owner was there when I was there and he was really kind and interested in our opinions of the food. So yumI just recently tried this place 2 weeks ago and have already been back. I loved my rare steak pho and am looking forward to trying the pork. I also love the grilled ground pork spring rolls dipped in peanut sauce.
The restaurant is so clean and the Pho tastes very fresh. Not to mention the prices are right.... Can't ask for much more. I can't wait to go back for another lunch!Service is slow as hell. there wasn't very much customer and the waiters just standing there, idling around like they don't know where to go, which cause me to think they need a service dog. They gave me the menu and did not give me ice water as i wait for more than 10 minutes. after that, i grab the menu and slam it on the cashier table and left.I did takeout - the pho ga with bok choy is absolutely delicious. My new go to for phoAbsolutely delicious. Great local place - clean - modern - tasty! Can't wait to go back!!I absolutely love this place. The place itself is beautiful. The serves are always friendly and excellent. The food has always been great. I've never had a bad experience. I go as often as I can go. 
Get the H8 and some fried rice. It's one of my favorite lunch meals. 
Just amazing. I'll be a regular here for sure.Pros:
1. The interior was very nice, and probably the cleanest looking Pho Restaurant I've been to in Philly. 
2. The food was also pretty decent.
Cons:
1. Considering it's in Philly, and not even in the suburbs where restaurants tend to be pricier, the prices are one of the highest for Pho restaurants in Philly.
2. Having been to many Pho restaurants, I've never had to wait this long for food before.Their bubble milk tea taste terrible. The bubbles in the milk tea was too hard and taste of the milk tea was powdery.  But the pho soup taste better than any other pho places near the location and food prepares fast enough.Good addition to the neighborhood. Use to go to Pho Ha when it was a couple blocks away about 10 years ago. Work location changed and found a closer haunt until finding out they closed. Rumor is, this is the same owner (but not tied to the franchise as before.) 
Now the food - the summer rolls are good and freshly prepared. Bun Bo Hue is tasty w/o being over powering. Mi Bo Kho is rich and beefy with tons of meat and chewing so don't be in a hurry. While being adventurous I tried the Bun Mam (fermented fish soup) and let's just say it is different. It is, need less to say,a little pungent but offset with some sweetness. If you aren't into sweeter dishes or fermented foods you may want to stay away. 
Decor is nice open and modern. Even on a busy Saturday night there always seems to be a table available. Service is brisk and noodle house style - you may have to wave down a server for something else after your food arrives but that seems par for the course. Plan on returning as frequent as I'm in the area.I love there pho and the great service everything that I have tried it's been very good I would come here everyday if I could.This place have's delicious pho! The prices are very good for a large bowl! It's like 7 or 8 bucks for a large bowl! The bowl I order usually haves so much meat and noodles and it's so worth it! But the only problem is when I say thank you, they won't respond back to me your welcome in Vietnamese...First time here and the place looks very modern. I got the vermicelli noodle bowl with pork and spring roll for $8.50. The food great, no complaints. My table mates got pho and they said the broth was watered down and had no flavor. Maybe they ran out of broth but even though we came during prime dinner hours. The service was okay as it took awhile to get an extra tea cup and chopsticks but we always had our tea filled. I would definitely recommend this place but their pho broth needs to be consistent as it was always good when my table mates came here before. 
Update:
Went here for lunch and ordered their large #29 pho. It was amazing and a large filled me up for the whole day. All the other dishes my table ordered was great too. One note is that they ran out of beef noodle stew, which I wanted originally.Extremely clean restaurant delicious food an excellent wait staff you really can't ask for more all the condiments you could ever want are already on the table Easy-to-Read menu and did I say delicious food!My go-to pho place. I've been all over town and this place just knows how to make pho broth. Not too salty just perfect. The side offerings are fresh and the place is new so it's clean and nice.Been here before and it was fine but they must've changed ownership. They now have horrible service now. It took 15-20 minutes for them to get our order.  The quality of the Pho has decreased. I have noticed a funky taste in the meatballs. Nevertheless, I will not be coming back to this establishment!Awesome Pho spot in North East Philadelphia, a favorite lunch stop when we need a change from our local spots.  Fast services and great food.This place sucks. Servers have no idea what is in the dishes when you ask them questions regarding the menus. They will reply 'hmmm.. I don't know'.. It pretty ridiculous...
This place also does not have everything listed on their menus other than pho.. Pretty stupid..
And if anyone is a vegetarian don't come here they have nothing at all. Asked them remove meal from dishes and they said no they can't and don't do it.
I would never go back. Would have gave zero stars if I could and this place his is over priced.My fiancé and I are regulars here. The staff is extremely friendly and welcoming. We typically order the exact same thing each time and receive our food fairly quickly. The pho is delicious here!Very poor wait staff and very mediocre food that you can order anywhere from the local neighborhood restaurants. Last time I went, it was after work with my coworkers and I. They were quick to take our order and after that, our waiter was completely MIA. A long while after, a family of 6 comes in, place their order and their food arrived before ours. Maybe because the wait staff assumed since we were Asian and the family were white, it made sense for them to serve them before us I guess. Absolutely ridiculous. When we got up, and complained to the girl up front, she offered no apologies, only telling us that the family had already placed their order through the phone prior to arriving. Whatever. Never returning.Rude waiters. Got our orders mixed up and blamed us for getting it wrong. I understand you are busy and it's Mother's day lunch but no excuse for mistreating customers. Won't be back here again. Better places to go with far better service.My go to Pho spot is Pho75, but I decided to try this new place. This place was pretty crowded. The interior design looks like chipotle and apparently it is a BYOB spot. The service was horrible and the Pho took long. The broth was good, not to salty or oily and the noodles was soft, but still average and over priced. I may have to go there and give it a second try...This place is always packed. Staff are attentive and nice. Usually I get seated near the windows and stare at the abandon bowling alley lol I'm fine with the view, it makes me really wonder what have ever happened to it. Pho is always good here like the way it's suppose to be. This place will not disappoint!Finally a Pho place that is clean and comfty. Foods are pretty decent. It has a small shop for hoagies and other snacks and dessert. Haven't try much of the food yet. But at least the vermicelli is pretty good.The food was average. It's a good sized bowl of Pho but the broth isnt particularly tasty or exciting. The crispy rolls  and summer rolls were disappointing. Next time i want Pho, I'll go to Pho 75. The decor is nice for a Pho restaurant if that matters to you.This place is such a gem. This was my first time having Pho. I am not a soup guy but it was delicious! The atmosphere is family oriented and the staff is sharp, quick, kind, and professional. You don't get a check by a waiter/waitress but pay up front after your meal. It is pretty loud and busy but far from chaotic, the staff is on point and keeps everything in a decent flow. You can visit this place with a large family or with one of your friends and can still feel welcomed and enjoy great food!New Pho spot in the North amongst other well established competitors. Easy to find, their signage stands out, parking is basically unlimited, the restaurant is very modern, clean. I seriously like the atmosphere of the entire place. I went for dinner around 5-7pm and only a few tables were occupied and we were basically eating in silence because there was no music playing. lol It was kinda awkward but you could hear conversation throughout the place.
The service was great, servers were really attentive and spoke English and Vietnamese. We ordered pho and beef stew. 
Pho: broth was really sweet, alittle meat was given
Beef stew: was not really flavorful, my broth was basically oil because they scooped the broth from the top of the pot, rather than stirring the entire pot and then scooping. So I didn't really get to enjoy the broth. 
I will stick with Cafe Saigon down the street.Great service. It's our neighborhood go to restaurant for some pho. Staff is awesome... Majority of the time. Haha. Our kids love their pho. They are very accommodating by helping us set up booster seats and give us utensils like scissors to cuts up the noodles and extra bowls for the kids..... Without being asked. Very nice staff. Always find parking available. Keep up the good work! Don't want to see another run down dingy restaurant around here.Great pho place, service is great! Banh mi here is delicious and cheap. The pho is alrite, think pho75 is a little better. They have other Viet food and I've never had anything bad from here.Brought dear friends who love Vietnamese as much as I do - this was my 2nd visit.
Food is still quite amazing and portions are great.  Loved the papaya salad,  friends liked the spring rolls so much that there were 2nd orders.   Got shrimp with broken rice and it was perfection.
Cafe su da just iced heaven.
So why the decrease from 5 to 4 stars since last trip?
Service.
We watched all the diners who came in long after us having their meals served while our appetizer plates were licked clean and we were desperately wanting to enjoy our dinners ...  we waited over a half hr.  No one seemed to know where the order was.   
I'll still come back,  just needed to be honest here.   Service in the end is what can make or break a place !Super delicioso la recomiendo...yo como chef tengo un paladar sensacional recomiendo este restauranteIf you think you have had good pho try this place!
I have traveled the world and around United States never passing up an opportunity for pho'.  I always fight the urge to add anything to the soup before I try it. I have had good phone where I enjoyed one or two scoops before at all the accoutrements.  This time however I had no desire to add anything to it because they nailed the broth spot on.  Obviously they get but that this is more of an art form than just throwing liquids together.... I will be back because it is so good I couldn't re-create it in my own kitchenOne of the better Pho spots in the area, extensive menu that includes pho, rice platters, appetizers, vermicelli etc. The food was pretty good, the service friendly and the atmosphere was clean and modern. We'll definitely be back.I have been to this restaurant a few times ... when I go out I refuse to play the race card!
But I have had more than 3 interactions with this server Dung N. and have tipped him at least 20 % each time he has served me
He is rude , and I notice that if you are ASIAN he is pleasant with a smile, but is short , and abrupt with people of color. Today he took my order, and once again he was short with me and acted like I bothering him ....I ordered THE #20 AND d9...I received my food but not my drink, I asked him about it , and he kind of grunted and walked away.......another server walked past me I asked him, about my drink, and his smiled and said he would check on it....Keep in Mind Dung N was my Primary Server, he never returned, gave me an explanation of any kind.
I have been going to this restaurant since 2015, and have never left a bad review......but this server is becoming increasingly  rude, and needs sensitivity training when he deals with non Asian patrons.
The Pho is what keeps me coming back....and I have been treated well by other members of there staff.
But this server Dung N is rude, seems to have a problem with non Asian patrons