The food is decent but the girl server is rude.
She has no customer service skills!
In addition to that, they need to clean the floors.  It is disgusting!I eat here at least two to three times a month. the service is friendly and the food is fresh. I always order the same thing but thats just the kind of person I am. try the golden baskets, Pho with no meat and A-1. also the side of pork chop, BBQ beef or chicken is quite delectable.This the worst viet restaurant I have ever been too. I've been to many viet and thai restaurants so I know what good food taste like. This place is more of a Chinese food that attempts to make viet and thai food without success. I've had pho, thai beef salad, pad thai, drunken noodle, spring rolls with peanut sauce from this place. Very typical food without authentic taste. Edible but not even close to what it supposed to taste like. That's why the restaurant is only 1/10 full every time I go there. Service is slow but friendly at least. Only go here if you live close and you are too tired to cook and go to nice restaurant. I'd rather have fast food than going here. Go to pho ha saigon next door, way better in taste and service,  never cease to impressive me there. I have no connection with pho ha saigon.im not even gonna give one star to pho and more 2 if I could. Heck, even the waiter who works in pho and more 2 said the food is not authentic and not as good. I don't know why he still works thete.Ugh, I have REALLY tried to change my mind about this place, but after around 5 or so rounds within the last two yrs, I have vowed never to return.
Flies. The place is crawling with them. I always feel weirdly sticky and dirty after i leave. Unclean dishes and utensils are also a very common occurance.
The pho, even though comes out hot, cant mask the day-old taste and soggy noodles. Their vermicelli was 50% noodles, and 49% lettuce/fillers, barely any meats! Egg rolls werent bad; cant really mess those up. Specialty drinks were too sweet and take forever - they usually come by the time the bill is paid.
Service is awful and by the same people every day. The same people who you have to go up to the counter all the way at the entrance to get their attention. The same people who forget food orders and the same people who blame the customer when they mix up orders.
Atmosphere isnt bad; pretty big place for a pho restaurant. Usually a decent amount of people are there.
But seriously. it was the flies. gross.Good service, lots of noodles in the pho (helps me with my noodle fix), not fast as pho Cali but better. Closer to me also. A great variety of bubble tea. Good variety of Vietnamese food, close by.
But the bathroom is not well kept, that minus 2 stars, cause I don't wanna know what the kitchen looks like.
Don't let some review stop ya from checking it out.Usually I always go to Cafe Saigon. But today I want to try this place because they had new management. When I went in the young girl that was serving me was so rude. She drop the menu on the table and ask me what do you want. I told her I want chicken curry and tum yum soup. When my food came out, the dishes was messy looking and unappetizing. The flavor of the tum yum soup was terrible. I was only finish half of my plate when the young girl came to my table and told me the store is closing at 9 o'clock. But she try to kick me out at 8:30. She drop some containers on the table for me to take home. She was so rude to me. I don't think the manager know how to train their employees. This is why this restaurant do not have too many customers coming to eat there. I will never come back to this restaurant ever again.Since this is the same chain that is located up 309, I expected more from them since I love pho and more on welsh. Sadly, I didnt think the service was very good here, nor was the pho ga. I didnt try anything else so I cant comment on other foods but I found the pho ga to be mediocre on 3 points- the noodles were overcooked, the meat dry, and the broth bland. I'd give it another try since they recently opened, but so far....not really a fan.Aside from the service this place is pretty solid food wise. If you have the patience of a buddha then you should give this place a shot. 
Also more expensive than other pho place around though. Pho still ranks 3rd in the area,I had the Com w/chicken it was delicious. Veggies were fresh, rice was fluffy and the chicken was grilled perfectly.  
I also had the summer rolls which were ok. Too much "filler" not enough meat or veggies. 
Overall, I'll definitely be back for the yummy grilled chicken.The pho has the best tasting broth that I've had at any pho place I've tried. The meat in the other dishes is always cooked to perfection, and the summer rolls are perfectly fresh and crispy. Everything is so good. I keep coming back here all the time. The shrimp are always really nice, big, and well cooked. Pork is so tender and flavorful. 
And the prices can't be beat!!!I usually go to Pho 75 up the street, but I wanted 'more', so I decided to check this place out. It took a bit to be greeted, but that kinda stuff only bothers me if people are standing around doing nothing, which wasn't the case. So my daughter and I were sat in a booth. I was a little surprised at the prices of they're coffee, $3.50, that's higher then I'm used to paying but I LOVE Vietnamese coffee so I got it anyway. My daughter got a strawberry bubble tea. Both of our drinks were very good. We both got the white meat chicken Pho and summer rolls. The summer rolls were the best I've ever had, and the peanut dipping sauce was SLAMMIN!!! I loved the pho, I thought the broth was delicious  and didn't seen like a lot of MSG at all. We were checked on, the people were nice. The service wasn't so great but if I needed someone I just called them over. As for the music, sucked, and I didn't like the decor at all, but I'd go back if I wanted 'more' them just Pho. I'd like to try their Thai food.Although the staff was friendly and restaurant is very roomy, I don't know if I would willingly return to Pho & More 2 anytime soon.  (Probably not)  Big sign that says it is under new management, but it doesn't seem as if 'new' management made any efforts to spruce up the place.  The decor is very old and has a greasy old like feel to it.  I would understand if they were going for an old-school feel, but this place seemed filthy.  Doesn't help that the table where we sat was wobbly.  The conditions of the bathrooms weren't that much better, so I would be nervous to see what the kitchen looked like.    
We placed our order and while the food wasn't bad, the broth used for the pho was very oily.  Maybe it is just me, but it didn't agree with me.  Also, I was very very thirsty afterwards.  Not a good combo.
I feel bad for the staff as the kitchen is uber far from where the customers sit.  The distance that they have to walk to/from is sorta ridiculous.  While they don't hover around the customers, good luck trying to get the attention of a staff member since they are far away.  
Going out to eat should be an enjoyment event, but I sorta couldn't wait to finish my meal and leave.  With so much space available, I feel they could do a better job in trying to make the restaurant look nicer to attract more customers or returning customers.My review isn't based on the food since I wasn't able to order after being sat down we waited for 15 minutes no one came and took our order. I called someone over and the waitress said hold on and we waited another 15 minutes before we walked out. Horrible serviceThe place isn't bad. The parking lot is fine and is in a fine place. The walls in the building are ornate with bamboo shoots painted on the wall. It is not very loud here and the dress is casual. The food seems spiced well and the pho is delicious. Try the pho deluxe and mango tea!I go here often because it's the closest pho place to me but i have a bad experience almost every time. Last time i went i ordered the drunken noodles for the  first time, 15 minutes after we put our order in my boyfriend received his Pho but i didn't receive my food. i figured the noodle are just going to take longer. fast forward 20 minutes later my boyfriend is almost done his food and I'm still waiting on mine after finally getting the waiters attention we let him know, apparently it wasn't on the ticket. he gave me a half ass apology, no discount, no comp nothing. It took another 15 minutes to get my food and the vegetables were raw. The last time before this there was plastic in my noodles we let our waiter know were given another one and those also had plastic in them. Again a half ass apology , no discount or comp the owner just blamed it on the guy who cut the meat.Decent pho spot that offers many other food options on menu. I used to swear by this place but it unfortunately is not as consistently good as it once was. It has become somewhat hit or miss with some of the other dishes but the pho is adequate. After all, it's not hard to mess up. The restaurant is clean, the service is usually quick, and there is plenty of seating. Never hard to find a table.When they first opened, the food was good, but that all went downhill. Their pho is so so, Pad Thai is horrible, but their shrimp and eggplant stir fry is surprisingly good. Sad to leave on such bad terms, but I bid thee farewell :(I return for the pork chops often! Pho is hit or miss and so is the Tom ga but you can't go wrong with their pork chops!!!!!! Sooooo delicious.Normally, I don't write reviews, but this place is just way too good. It's warm, inviting, and never too crowded. This was my first pho experience and I wasn't disappointed. The servers are friendly and the food was served very shortly after we ordered. 
I ordered a large bowl of pho with tripe, rib-eye, meatballs, and tendon. Everything was cooked perfectly and the serving size is pretty large for the price of the meal. AND there's also bubble tea! Definitely come here.This place is new for the location. I might edit this review later after giving them another try. They really did a great job updating the interior. Love their menu great bc they have tons of vegetarian options as well as meaty ones and especially that there isn't many around this area. But their service was awful the night my boyfriend and I went. They need more waitstaff. We had to flag someone down to take our order, the servers seemed confused on if we wanted tea or not, they forgot to bring out basils and bean sprouts with our pho, no one checked on us. Ill be back again to try their thai food but if their service doesn't improve the second time I won't be back.I'm one of the pickiest eaters when it comes to pho. I've been to many of the city's most renowned pho spots, but Pho and More 2 has my heart, plain and simple. 
You can't judge a book by its cover. This building isn't the most aesthetically developed, but it feels right. It's comfortable, and the service is great. In fact this is one of the few places I will go and have lunch solo. 
The soup is out of this world. Simply put, there's a reason that I've been a regular for about six months now. In that amount of time, I've never had a bad bowl of soup, and the quality is consistent. Flavorful, filling, and crave-able (like, bad).
The staff is incredibly friendly. Simon, the bus boy/server extraordinaire is one of the friendliest, most pleasant people, who always goes above and beyond to make sure you're meal is done right. Of course there are some people standing around, and it an get a little noisy, but that's the nature of this kind of place. Get to know them, and chat. They will not forget you, and they'll take even better care of you next time.Loved this place, its spacious, nicely decorated. The service is impeccable, everyone smiles, you feel welcomed when enter, and seated
I had PHO  #10  Everything from the size of the bowls , to the tastiness of the ingredients, in the broth.. I was very impressed!
The fresh squeezed lemonade made was the best I've had in awhile
Stop in and enjoy , you will not be disappointedGreat Pho and they aslo have Thai food, which is nice when one of our group doesnt' want hot soup. I ordered the crispy spring rolls ad the Beef Pho with tripe, tendon and lean brisket. The portions are huge, veggies fresh and the broth was great.Best place. New management, cleaner, fresher and faster service. Love the mango chicken and salted pepper shrimp, but wish they would serve larger portions for such a high price. The Pho is the only good priced items for the amount of food.San jose,CA standards this is by far the worse  pho i tasted here in philly. watery and a bit of MSG ok a lot of msg. Accommodation was worse we wore told to wait for a booth table to be clean. so we waited but long be hold someone walk in was immediately seated in a booth table wooow! The misses was ready to walk out. But i was craving pho and we had a baby with us too much effort already put in going to this place. I only gave a star bcuz to be fair its nice inside....we should ate at nam vang! Thats da truth...should listen to the reviews!!! My faultAlright ... So I want to be honest yet kind.
My fellow Yelpers didn't rate this place high. & that would normally be my deterrent from even stepping foot into the place . But, being the Pho addict I am, just had to have 1st hand experience !
Service was pretty good & I was told my iced coffee would be a wait ... It's still dripping as I type.
Got a safe bet in ordering Pho Tai Chin (round eye steak & well done brisket). Cuts of meat good quality, not great; noodles were good consistency; broth was fair & lacking flavor as others noted. If you were a Pho virgin, you might think this was terrific; I have definitely had many better bowls!
Truth be told, I wanted soup to warm up my frigid bones & wanted to shop at the International market after. Normally , my go to spot before shopping is Nam Vang , but was in mood for straight up Pho . Now am having Nam Vang envy !
Now ... How this place got 3 vs 2 stars: Vietnamese iced coffee is SO worth the wait! Worth every caffeinated creamy bit of its $3.50 price tag!I give them only 1 . I don't like them service. In business hour they said they close 9:30 pm . but aroun 8:30pm one girl so rude come to told me . we need to close 9 o'clock. Look like want to kit me out from them restauran. I'm so mad . I don't like them service. They need to go back to school how to talk with customer . I don't want to go this place no more . food very horrible ..look like not clean. Guys don't come this restauran , you will be unhappy like meI'm not sure what to think of the negative reviews.  I had lunch here this afternoon with my son.  Our original destination was Pho Ha Saigon, but when we got there it appeared they were having some type of affair as there was a line to get in and the parking lot was full.  Not wanting to wait we decided to check out this place.  What a gem.  This is my new go-to restaurant for Vietnamese food.  We both had the Grilled Beef in Grape Leaves to start out with.  Each serving was four grape leaves.  They were delicious.  My son had the Pho, not sure exactly which one, and I had the Vietnamese Style Fried Rice with BBQ Pork.  Al the food was served very hot, tasted very fresh and was awesome!  The service was very pleasant from the moment we came through the doors.
Maybe this place had issues with the old owners?  Not now, it's a great place to go to for Vietnamese food.  Can't wait to go back.
The address and zip code in this Yelp listing are wrong, it should be 501 Adams Ave, 19120Best place for BBQ pork  vermicelli I always get from here and I'm never disappointed! They take the time to make the stuff nice and delicious but it's quick service. Every time I order my food gets done fast and it always tastes the same delicious . Spring rolls are amazing I absolutely love this place!Seen that this place just recently open I decided to give this new place a try. At first glance while waiting to get seated everything in the restaurant has definitely been redone in terms of the push ceilings, the tables, bathroom, and also the cashier area.
Me and my friend got seated and look through the menu to see what we wanted to order and decided to try out the Pho Tai Bo Vien and also for appetizer we decided to try the Quarta something dish that had a combination of meat wrap in grape leaf, shrimp wrapped around sugar cane, Satay Chicken skewer, and egg rolls.
When the food came out this has got to be the worst experience I had so far. The appetizer was all COLD. Satay Chicken wasn't even warm at all, the salad they had in the center of the dish looks really old and not appetizing at all. We waited for our bowls of Pho almost forever until it came out. 
The waiter actually messed up our order when we asked for LARGE they gave his SMALL instead and the waiter actuall repeated us our order to confirm what we wanted. The waiter also forgot to place my friend's appetizer so now he has to wait even longer for his food. Did I mention that the servers cannot really speak Vietnamese when the restaurant is in fact a VIETNAMESE RESTAURANT. We asked several times for Hot Tea refills and napkins but the server keeps taking it to the wrong tables. They even brought my friend's appetizer to the wrong table. I understand this restaurant just open but in my opinion usually you would try to give the best experience you can possibly give before things go downhill but not at the beginning when it just open.
Forgot to mention the broth of the Pho is in no means tasty at all what so ever. The Tai meat (steak) was old and you can clearly see it on the meat with its discoloration. They also use A LOT of MSG just to get you a HEADS UP.
I don't know if I'll give this place another try until a few months later down the road.came here for lunch one time, ordered deluxe pho, one bite and couldn't finish it. horrible .. too much MSG. some pho places can pull off using MSG but this place obviously can't. sad ... never again. the previous place, pho hoa wasn't that clean but their pho was great.My wife and I have eaten here several times in the last couple of months. The wait staff is friendly, timely and efficient. The food was excellent! We particularly love the pho. Every dish we have tried has been very good. I especially love the green curry with chicken. Would recommend it to anyone. Large portions and good prices.I finally have a chance to try out Pho & More 2.  My impression of the restaurant before trying the food wasn't bad. It's definitely an upgrade compare to the previous restaurant, (Pho Hoa) this place is clean the decor was wasn't bad for a neighborhood restaurant.  
So onward to the food, I enjoying eating Pho, and that was the first thing I tried. If the Pho is good to me, than I will try other dishes. See to me a good bowl of Pho says a lot about the restaurant.  So I ordered the Pho Tai,  and the first thing I tasted in my broth is the MSG, They must of loaded the broth with it.  The reason I knew this was the way my mouth was thirsting for water. Immediately I can feel my mouth started to numb up and get dry. Only thing that does this to me when eating a bowl of PHO is high contents of MSG. So to the owner, please lower the MSG, food should taste close to natural as possible. 
There are alot of other PHO places in Philadelphia that I've tried and I'm sure they use some MSG also, but way less than PHO & More.*Warning: a very pho-biased review ahead, also this is my first ever review on Yelp!*
I don't understand all the negative reviews here. I am a pho purist, which is to say, I have never eaten anything except for pho for the entree in a Vietnamese restaurant. I have been going to this restaurant for at least 4 years now, since it was Pho Hoa. The restaurant is a hundred times cleaner and nicer than it was before. The service is typical of any other pho place - average.
I thought the pho was the best I'd ever had before and I think it's comparably wonderful now. The broth is great (the broth is the most important to me) and the noodles are agreeable. The add-ins are fresh. The meat is also better than most pho places I go to, which are many. The vietnamese coffee is good as well.
Of course I can't speak for the whole restaurant, since I basically never deviate from my brisket / flank/ and occasionally tendon bowl of pho, but I still think my input is valuable, being that I am so picky about my pho. I'm still giving it 4 stars though because most other places simply don't compare. My friends also agree, at least about the pho. Back when we were in college, we often drove 50+ minutes just for a dang bowl of pho. Now that they've changed, we still think it is top notch pho.Pineapple fried rice was DISGUSTING. The dish tasted as if a entire container of black pepper was dropped into the dish with weeks old rice. No flavor at all. 
I would steer clear! Plus the establishment could use a good cleaning.Stick to their vermicelli bowls- grilled pork and egg rolls with a little bit of sriracha is the way to go. If someone in your party gets pho, throw in some of their left over bean sprouts for a healthy crunch in every bite.
With that said, I would probably avoid the pho here for reasons stated in previous reviews. With all that MSG, there's no avoiding an afternoon nap.
Service is good though- they make sure to get your order correctly, the employees are attentive and smile, and are happy to refill the candy bowl by the cashier counter when they see your disappointed face in need of delicious melon candy.This is the WORST PHO PLACE I EVER BEEN TO IN MY LIFE. And I will tell you why. 
First they didn't even greet us and took 20 mins to get us seated. 
Then nobody took our orders until we had to flag down someone. 
Third, they told my friend they were out of rice and pork and chicken. But mins later the people ordered behind us got it. 
We waited 1 hr and 20 mins in total and did not get our food. People ordered like 30 mins after us got theirs. The people ordered the same time as us left when we left. 
I understand this place is new and recently open, but they need to step up their game because they just lost a few customers.I love PHO! This place has gotten much cleaner since the previous owner, although it is still dirty. The service is terrible. One of the servers (the short male) is super nice and welcoming. The rest of them are awful. I asked for some more water and got it when I was getting ready to leave. Anyways, service is awful but the food is good.We go here maybe twice every 4 months it's an okay place. The food is good. Service is ehh, and the place needs to look cleaner it's kinda of gross. It seems like they wipe the tables with just a wet towel like nothing to really clean it. Overall I will give them a 3 stars because the food is good. I also get the house vericilli dish my parents always get pho. And another thing we had to ask for are waters. I know we were having soup but we needed some water and that took forever. We also order chicken on a stick and fried squid which is really good. We will probably come here again. I just wish if they were a littler bit more cleaner.i had came here to eat twice, and honestly, both of the times i came here, the food was pretty good! the first time i had ordered their shrimp pad thai and it was pretty decent to me. the second time, i had tried their beef brisket pho, and it was actually pretty good! the broth was a little on the salty side, but wasn't bad. i don't understand the bad reviews, but maybe everyone is different..Came here with the boyfriend once, and only once. I steered away from the pho because everyone warned me about it, and I get sick of it anyway, so I opted for the Thai fried rice with pineapples, chicken, and shrimp. Horrrrrrrible. Rice was hard as rock, there were only two pieces of shrimp, and the chicken was gray. Usually, I eat more than three quarters of dish even if I don't like it at first bite, but I couldn't stand to eat anymore of the atrocity that they served me. Seriously. I hate to over-exaggerate but I couldn't eat it anymore after two bites. I made several attempts to return, but I just can't. Maybe if its still running a year later I'll give it another shot, but until then I can't. The only thing that saves it from receiving one star from me is that the interior is a MAJOR upgrade from the old pho hoa it used to be.I tried really hard to make this review not about service since it just opened and all, but there comes a time when service is slow and when service is incompetent.
I decided to grab some takeout during lunch and placing the order was easy enough as I stepped to the newly redecorated interior, it definitely seems a lot cleaner than the old Pho Hoa but then all the positives pretty much end there. 
What would take Pho 75 about 3 minutes to make took them around 20. All I had was a simple Pho Deluxe and order of fried rolls. While I waited, I see numerous customers just scowling waiting for their food and one group of guys had to flag down the owner/manager just to place an order.  Had about 20 tables in there and only 3 waiters is not going to cut it, but I figured mine is takeout, shouldn't be that bad amirite?. 
When I finally went up to see what's taking my order so long, he turns around and IT WAS SITTING THERE THE WHOLE TIME.  It's one thing if you can't make the food fast enough, another to be distracted and have my food sitting there for god knows how long while I sit 5 feet from you on the bench waiting for it.  I wonder how long he would have me wait if I didn't go up to check. 
Of course, then when I go eat my food, it's cold, my soup is not hot enough to cook my beef and scatter my block of noodles and my fried rolls are not only cold, but hard, and tasted stale. The broth while I think taste is fine for the typical MSG laden pho joints, it's a bit more oily than I am used to. Taste-wise, the food was not bad, Aside from the temperature, I wasn't too disappointed, typical dry mouth inducing Pho fare. 
I hope this place get its act together as I want to try their other dishes. In the mean time, Pho 75 and Thien Tan is probably where you would want to go. For now, fast food this place is not.I come here a few times each month, but my most recent experience left me with a sore throat for several days due to the excessive amount of MSG in the pho. Granted, every pho restaurant uses MSG, but I've been to countless pho restaurants in the Philadelphia area and neither of them caused me to have a MSG reaction quite like this.
Service was lackluster too. We were presented with menus 15 minutes after being seated and the appetizer was served long after the entree.
If you're sensitive to MSG, you may want to opt for their rice dishes.I can almost say I'm a regular at the place before the renovation and after, like everyone else are probably. Their pho is delish and I didn't have any problem with the service. Then again, I'm more lenient because it's a favorite place. Just need a little tugging at the waiters if you need anything or to remind them about a request. 
Their bubble tea is consistently good, sweet, flavorful, and the bubbles are soft. Much better than Pho Hoa's. The decor is nice, major upgrade. It's clean and has a chill atmosphere. People are friendly. The music is meh, they need a more upbeat collection of music, no more of the 90's top playlist, please!This place just opened up in the neighborhood, replacing another Pho place that had been in that spot for many years. At first glance, the interior was definitely an upgrade, in terms of cleanliness and feel, as well as furniture. I like what they did with the place. 
Seeing as most of the staff was new, they lacked a bit in the service department, but that's expected from a new place, so I'll give them the benefit of the doubt and assume that they'll work those issues out. Basically, they seemed a bit uncoordinated, with 1 worker asking us to take a seat and wait, while another immediately came over and asked us to follow them. It made for a slightly awkward moment, but we laughed it off. The waiter we got wasn't too familiar with the menu either, it seemed, but that can also be fixed with experience.
The food came out in decent time and tasted pretty good overall. Of our party of 4, everyone enjoyed their food with no major complaints. I ordered a bowl of Pho, which was decent. It tasted a little off though (I think it was mostly just beef flavored soup base soup), but still okay. Not the best I've had, definitely not the worst. I also ordered an appetizer, the spring rolls and summer rolls. The spring rolls were mediocre.. just passable. The summer rolls were pretty standard, no complaints there. 
I also got the Jackfruit smoothie. It was one of the best jackfruit smoothies I've had in a while, so I definitely suggest trying it out!
Overall, I think the place has potential. The food was good. The service could be improved, but for now, I think it's a decent replacement for the old Pho place that used to be there. I'll be returning in the future and will update if anything changesThis is a great place if you never had pho before or a decent  bowl of pho in Philly . Drive drown the road to 75 and treat yourself to a better pho experience .the interior definitely looks better than the old spot, however the food lacks in flavor. everything is overpriced and the servers are rude. the staff in the kitchen are always fighting, loud enough for the customers to hear. u call that being professional? take notice when u go next time that the food is not consistent here. my first time here, the food was ok, but i went here last week and the food disappointed me. this place needs a chef who delivers the same consistent meal everytime.I'm going to start my review by telling you guys how this place used to be before they changed owners. It used to be filthy. The floor needed a good cleaning the decor was outdated and the tables were dirty and wobbly. The food was okay but it disturbed me to think about what the kitchen looked like when the dining area was so filthy...
The new owner really cleaned up, and updated the decor however left some reminiscence of the restaurant it used to be. The food is pretty good in my opinion. I've ordered the pho deluxe, rice and grilled Vietnamese pork chop and their spring rolls. Everything was good. The pork chop wasn't tough and was very flavorful. The spring rolls were on the greasy side, and the pho was pretty good. The meat was generous and the broth was flavorful. Overall this is a good neighborhood pho joint, hits the spot and you don't have to drive down south Philly to satisfy that pho fix.If I could I would give ZERO stars this place needs an entire overhaul... Smelled pretty nasty I should have taken the hint when I walked in and there was not one person in thereThe sign out side said, under new management. Decided to give this place another shot. The pho was okay, average in my opinion. The pork chop and the grilled chicken are pretty good. I would come back for the pork chop and the grilled chicken, but probably not for the pho. One other thing, the fish sauce need much improvement. It is very salty and not enough fish sauce flavor, maybe go less on the salt and actually add real fish sauce. Overall, this place gets 3 stars from me for 2 reasons: terrible tasting fish sauce and the average tasting pho.Pho & More is an inside joke for more MSG...
Excuse my nerdiness, but MSG enhances taste by penetrating taste buds on your tongue and overexciting those cells to create a sensory taste experience. Failed attempt here. After several spoonfuls of their broth, I already began to feel my mouth drying up. It was quite disgusting. 
MSG in pho is accepted throughout, but it's the amount you put in the broth that makes the difference. 
Pho & More truly lives up to its name. It goes above and beyond the call of MSG.The food they send out are very inconsistent.  I went here a couple of days after grand opening and ordered an avocado smoothie and they said they don't have any avocado left? Really? It was noon and there were barely anyone in this place. There's no reason as to why they would not have any. They're right next to a supermarket for god's sake. Their pho can only be described as sub par at best. I tried their pho deluxe 3 times and there is always something wrong with it each time. Its either the broth smells weird, tasted weird or the pho noodle is soggy. 
On top of having sub par food, so is their service. Food and drinks takes forever to come out. 
Haven't been back here ever since my third time and won't be coming back until they improve their food quality and consistency.Place looked really nice compared to Pho Hoa that use to be there. New tables and chairs. It actually looked very clean.
Food wasn't so bad here. My husband and I actually enjoyed it. We had Goi Cuon Nem Nuong (summer rolls w/ground grilled meat) to start. It was lacking meat compared to other places we normally go, but was flavored well. Then for lunch, we both ate Pho. He ordered a large and I ordered small. Size was decent. We both got pretty full from the sizes we ordered. Prices were average.
Now, as for service, not sure what took so long, but the Pho took forever to come out! We were sitting there starving for a bit before the apps came out. Most Pho places tend to bring out whatever is ready. I wonder if they didn't pour broth in the pho until we finished eating appetizers (which also took awhile to come out). I did enjoy that they gave large glasses of water. Usually, I have to constantly tag down servers a few times before them actually providing a glass.I always go here whenever I crave for Pho. The food is very good as well as the service specially the short guy that cut he's hair. Must try ;)I've eaten here 3 or 4 times and I always enjoy it.   The pho is good, the tofu is cooked right, the iced coffee rules, and the pad thai was delicious. 
The wait staff are very friendly, the food comes out fast, and its cheap.
It's a nice place inside , too.  You might not expect it from the outside but its actually huge.New Pretty good and affordable, same franchise as the one located in North Wales. The pho was good and generous soup was good. The grilled pork dish was tasty.The Pho got better since they first opened, but still average. The service was ok and it is usually not crowed (since there are 2 other Pho spots in the same area). I usually get the 'Com Tam Dac Biet'. Rice with pork chop, shredded pork, grilled shrimp, crab cake, and a fried egg with lettuces, tomatoes and cucumbers. Plenty of protein and it taste delicious! :)I love the original Pho and more, so I thought to try this. Big mistake. Didn't think it was possible but there was NO TASTE in any dish. So please do yourself a favor try another pho place.So unlike others, my family and I got seated right away. When we got seated, the lady came right after to ask us what we wanted, we didn't even get settled yet! My dad tells her why don't she bring us some tea first, and she tells my dad that someone already got that covered. So the lady waits at our table to wait for us, so when i order my pho, I tell her I want two bowls without scallion and she repeats it back to me. 
When my bowl of pho comes, it  has EXTRA scallion in it and so does my sister's. I tell the lady i wanted no scallion for both bowls, and she just takes my bowl away but didn't take my sisters.. WHAT!?
The bowl was filled with MSG, so of course it would "taste good." 
overall, the decor was really nice, but i guess that's about it.Pho & More 2 I came in with a bit of skepticism. With the previous establishment having a pretty poor reputation in my book I didn't look forward into going. The second I walked in I did notice that they did some minor remodeling to the restaurant's layout. The major difference I noticed was how clean it was. I noticed I was not sticking to the floor.
Service:5/5
I thought in terms of service, it was actually very decent. Our waiter was quick to take care of my party of 5. 
Food:3/5
I ordered one of the pho dishes and I had thought that it was okay. It was missing something for me. I thought it was definitely above average but I wasn't amazed wanting a second bowl or wishing I had gone with a large bowl instead of a small. I thought the noodles were fine but the broth seemed a little off to me.
Atmosphere: 4/5
I thought its a great place to go for lunch or sometime during the day simply because I enjoy natural light and there is plenty of it coming in. Plenty of parking which is great. And with the music and decorations you do have somewhat of a vietnamese feeling in the restaurant but it is a little confusing because they serve other ethnic foods other than vietnamese cuisine. 
Would I go back here? That's questionable. I would probably try the other food but on pho alone I don't think I would return soon.I love this place. The food is about the same as all other Viet restaurants. The only difference is the service. It's awesome. There's one male server who is literally a ray of sunshine. He's always cheery and so nice!! I love coming here just for him. The other servers are just as nice but he is the cherry on top for this restaurant. 
Recommendations: chicken pad Thai and the A-10 appetizer. I forgot what it's called but it's rice cake in egg. Sooo good.I like this place. First time I went I had a great Vietnamese dish and this last time I had very good shrimp pad thai. Service is good.Found an ant in my bubble tea... Inside the drink. It was pretty disgusting.Pho & More 2 is a pleasant facility, nicely appointed to give it a clean open aire. The row of windows up front let in a lot of light for a bright, colorful sense that helps accent the casual semi-tropical feel of the place.  The service is equally light and friendly.  
Having read here that the pho was not the strongest aspect of the house, we went in another direction.  We ordered Goi Cuon (Summer Rolls) as an app, with Pad Thai Shrimp and Com Thit Nuong (Broken Rice w/ BBQ Pork).  All were quite good. The Rolls were cool and crisp with a smooth Peanut Dipping Sauce.  The Pad Thai, while not the best ever, was a solid contributor with a good number of midsized shrimp and a mildly tangy sauce.  The Com dish offered a load of tasty Pork strips, Rice, and Pickled Veggies.  Each table had large bottles of Sriracha and Hoisin to use as needed to reach the desired personal taste of spice and heat. 
We lingered after dinner to chat with our server about business and our time in Vietnam.  He was from HCMC and had been here only a year.  We were able to compare our experiences, and came away feeling very comfortable in his work home.
Whatever may have been lacking in attaining haute cuisine status was compensated by the relaxed coziness of the shop and friendly interaction with the staff.  
It is a place I can return for an easy meal when in the area to shop the Asian markets.This is my second time in Pho and More since the it changed from Pho Hoa. I have been pleasantly surprised at the food quality since the change. The only minor drawback is the amount of meat (it's less than Pho Hoa), but that has been the case with every other Pho place I've been. On the positive note, interior is much nicer that before. I'd give this place 4.5 stars.