Pho was tasty and atmosphere inviting. Staff was cordial and pleasant. Would definitely revisit in the future.I usually go for the counter area where you get hoagies, desserts, drinks and etc. I've been going there since I was a teenager and I've only dinned in once. They have the best Vietnamese hoagies and Taro bubble! I love how they make it on the spot when you order it. I've been to some other places, where things are all pre- made and it's not as fresh. If you're in the mood for a good bubble drink, hoagies and desserts then this is the place for you. I'm not a fan with their dinning area because I believe there are better places for it.The best Banh Mi Thit (Vietnamese hoagies) in Philadelphia.  The cha (vietnamese pork - cold cut style) is pretty good too.  Their bubble teas/viet smoothies are great.  I come here to bring prepared foods home instead of having to cook sometimes.Delicious food that served quickly and professionally.  Unbelievable bargain for the quality and quantity of food served.  Love the pho, spring rolls, tofu skins stuffed with ground pork/shrimp and the rice dishes.  And I'm addicted to the iced coffee - some of the best I've had.  I probably eat here at least 2x month.  Love it!I'm going to start this review by mentioning this: if you think they did not understand your order, then they DID NOT understand. Draw a diagram, circle your order, do whatever it takes to break the language barrier because the delicious food that awaits is worth it.
Pho. I'm a Pho snob, and I like their broth enough, but I wouldn't ever turn it down.
My friend called this the "diner of Vietnamese food," meaning the menu is  so big and varied there is NO WAY everything can be good.
I got the Pork Bah Minh and it was delicious and full of fresh veggies and decently crunchy bread. I would definitely get that again!
Inside is one part store front & grocery/one part sit down restaurant. I've never sat down in the back but it looks nice. The front is full of foods and small toys you do not need but your 4 year old will crave.don't be naive. don't visit a vietnamese restaurant and expect service. the waitstaff is probably the kin of the management, who probably co-owns the adjacent bakery and DVD store, and also probably the son of the aging matriarch that owns the four blocks of illegal lofts in northern liberties, where their family lives rent free and you live for $1200/month with five roommates. they don't have to smile, or bring you water, or ask you how much you enjoyed their wonderful meal bc they...don't...give...a...fuck about you.
daniel ordered a vietnamese coffee which made me think, 'what makes it vietnamese?' when kerr also ordered a vietnamese coffee, i asked aloud, 'what makes it vietnamese?' kerr explained a contraption where the coffee filters from a press which sits atop a glass containing a foundation of sweetened, condensed milk. when the coffee has completed it's drip, the entire drink is mixed up and enjoyed with ice. i verbally leaped in front of connor and ordered a vietnamese coffee before connor did so for himself. 
i ordered the bun bo hue with huyet. (vietnamese hue-style beef noodle soup with congealed cubes of pig's blood. i trust kerr's recommendations not just because he has a deep voice, but because he also likes to drink blood.)
everyone ordered by their meal's accompanying number except for henry, who pronounced his order's name with vocal fry.
i was forced to leave my seat and beg the waitstaff for another glass of water after chewing on a healthy ring of fatty beef and stirring the ribbons of red oil with my murky, golden broth. when i asked for a pitcher of water for the table the angriest looking waiter said, 'we don't do pitchers,' which doesn't make any sense to me since we could be ignored more effectively if given a pitcher early on. 
henry looked perplexed. he wanted to add the table's fixings to his pho, and nervously glanced around the table, confirming with kerr that this was acceptable behavior. he reached for the vinegar and poured some into his bowl before kerr recommended the hoisin sauce instead. 
i spent like $12.50 and didn't need to eat anything else until later in the evening when the craving for oysters hit me and all the others.This place has a lot of variety which I love . Had their pho today and their raw beef dish.  It was the way I remembered.  But the prices have gone up a lot.  The quantity they give you was ok. Can't wait to come back and try the other things they offer.I had a hankering for some pho and now that I live in Gentrification Hospital, it's closer for me to bike to Washington Ave rather than Chinatown.  I went to this place, mostly because there were easy places to lock my bike outside.  I am glad I went in.  I got the Deluxe Pho and it was delicious.  A good amount of meat and tendon stuff.  The portion was HUGE I normally do not leave any pho behind but I could not finish it.I used to  love this place. We ate here  all the time.    The last two times that we went, the food was terrible. To add insult to injury, when I brought the poor quality of the food to the manager's attention, he could not have been bothered. Not only did he ignore me, needless to say, he did not take it off the check or compensate me in anyway.
I have better things to do with $50 these days Then to spend it for bad food. Accordingly, I will not be backI usually get pho here, but decided to get the broken rice combo.  There are much better options than this.  It came with one pork chop,  sunny side egg,  pork skins, and I substituted the quiche for an egg roll.  
I was still pretty hungry after the meal.  Portions were small.  I also like to have lettuce as part of that meal, but they only give tomatoes and picked carrots and daikon. 
Don't order the broken rice here!We are obsessed with this place.  The food is cheap, fast yet so delicious.  If you eat in, they bring a delicious hot Jasmine tea.
Foodwise,  our favorite pho to order us #160 with beef roundeye and flank. We also love the BO LUC LAC #260. The meat is tender and seasoned wonderfully and served with Rice, tomatoes and pickled veggies!  
Try the young coconut juice.  Soooooo good!Waking up Sunday mornings, there is a 90% chance that I'm hungover and mildly grumpy. So, I go here and eat spicy soup and have a Vietnamese sandwich and then I'm all better. I've been doing this for the past 8 months and I don't think I'm ever going to stop. Admittedly I stick with the same thing every time. Good ole # 24 and 166 with an occasional #2. #24 is egg noodle soup with meat and shrimp. It's basically pho but has egg noodles and a slightly heavier broth. #166 is the best $3.50 sandwich ever; little bit of pork, pate, cucumber, carrots, cilantro, on a warm toasty french baguette. 
I've tried a few other dishes; pho, lemon grass chicken, duck stew, they're all good, not 5 stars, more like 3. This review is based on what I get every Sunday because I love it so much. 
I usually get everything to go. They package everything separately which is great for soup. Added bonus.....while you wait for your food you can stock up on candy in the store that is attached to it. Get the sour gummy hamburgers, trust me.This place is an old fave for me and I have missed reviewing it !
Took friends there for their 1st visit last evening.
Honestly ... with the vast menu and all the amazing choices,  you simply cannot go wrong here.
Banh Mi is phenomenal.
Love Love all the Pho choices and also it's one of the few places that does Hu Tie Nam Vang.
Excellent bubble teas and cafe su da !!
Never a wait,  plenty of seats.
You can't beat the prices !!!!  
My friends adored it and can't wait to go back.
Me too.   I would choose this place over Nam Phuong any day.This is hands down my go to for consistent, cheap takeout. No joke, I'm talking once a week!! I could live off the shrimp and pork summer rolls, and the charbroiled pork summer rolls are wonderful, too.
I've had a range of the bun (vermicelli noodle bowls) here and have never been disappointed with the preparation or flavor. Which is saying something considering I get takeout, and I think some places get a little sloppy when they know you won't see the food until you get home. Definitely try the pork with crispy spring roll or lemongrass beef!Food was okay but it filled our hunger for Vietnamese food. It is a casual place to sit down and enjoy a good meal. I liked the atmosphere.Depending on which entrance you enter, they have a little banh mi shop too to grab sandwiches and other prepared food.This is the second Vietnamese restaurant I've eaten at in 'little Saigon' or whatever you want to call the plaza on Washington Street.  
The restaurant itself is pretty large and clean, definitely not the 'hole in the wall' you usually encounter with Vietnamese restaurants.  There are huge tables that were accommodating groups of 10.  
We ordered the papaya salad and the 3-type assortment platter for the make-your-own wraps dish (the one that ends in 'vi', like 'bahn vi or something).
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/xQblY1vBHV8Fp3Xdi3rDcw?select=wXf2rEHkB8ThwSQ8YPAc0Q
The papaya salad was pretty good, the papaya was really fresh and not soggy like at a lot of other places.  
The assortment platter was really awesome and they had some grilled beef wrapped up in green leaves that I have NEVER seen before despite eating this same dish at like 10 different Vietnamese restaurants.  
We also ordered the egg soda and iced soy drink which was apparently forgotten by our waiter but promptly delivered after reminding him.  The egg soda KICKS ASS.  Soy was just soy milk in a can.  
There's a little grocery store attached to the restaurant where you can buy all kinds of ready-made Vietnamese dishes and snacks, which is pretty awesome and quite handy if you ate something really tasty and want to take more of it home for the next day.Pho is okay, but the grill meat over rice dishes are good.Paid a visit to a friend and was suggested to this place. It was a pleasant experience for me and was very worthy of my time driving there. Since I'm quite a picky eater, if I were to eat Vietnamese food, I always wanted it to be as "authentic" as possible (and trust me, I know exactly how authentic it should be since I'd lived in VN for 18yrs). The dish I ordered is called "Bun bo xao xa", stir-fried beef with lemongrass on top of fresh noodles, isn't too much of an authentic dish in my opinion, but it gave me a sudden joy after the first bite. The beef was vey well-marinated and juicy combined with the sweet taste of onion and a faint lemon-lime taste from lemongrass. The service was quick, the restaurant looked pretty clean and organized in general and prices are reasonable as well. Will definitely come back if I have a chance and recommend this place to my friends for sure.I've eaten at several Vietnamese restaurants in the neighborhood, and this one had by far the worst service of any I've been to. I ordered beef and spring rolls on vermicelli noodles, my wife ordered shrimp on lemon grass and vegetables. Hers came out in 5-10 minutes. Assuming mine was going to come out shortly, she waited a few minutes for mine to come out. After another 15 minutes of waiting, I finally flagged the waiter down and he went back to the kitchen, then came out and said my dish would be out in another 2 minutes. By this point what was left of my wife's meal was getting cold.
After that screw-up, I expected they'd be more attentive, but I still had trouble getting my water glass re-filled, and had to wait a long time for someone to come by to give us a box. The place wasn't particularly full, so I'm not sure what the deal was.
The place is saved from a 1-star rating because the food is decent. It's definitely not the best Vietnamese food in the area, but it's pretty good.Maybe I need to try other stuff (or maybe I'm spoiled with going to an amazing vietnamese place in another city), but I stepped in to buy some spring rolls and fried rolls and just really was not impressed.  I watched the guy bring out already prepackaged vermicelli rolls.  Disappointment #1.
Then I asked if they had a peanut sauce with it already and the guy said yes.  Maybe by peanut he thought I meant sugared red sauce?  Disappointment #2.
The fried roll was ok, but the vermicelli shrimp roll was again really sugary sweet and the shrimp had that dirty taste.  Disappointment #3.
3 disappointments and that was only on some rolls.  I don't think I'll try again.  
now I just saw on the sidelines jenn's review about springrolls being just ok.   I guess that's why it pays to yelp first.The papaya salad, Vietnamese sandwiches and rice paper rolls are all excellent here. The pho is just okay, so I'd try something else here and go to nearby (in a different shopping area) Pho Ha if you must have it. There is even a little shop in front. They have a large menu that we look forward to trying more of soon.Solid Vietnamese cuisine with more traditional Vietnamese breakfast dishes served such as banh uot "wet cakes," sunny side ups with sides of pate, homemade mayo, and a french baguette. There's of course pho, but do try the other soup based noodles -- Lettuce wraps, com tam (broken rice) dishes with marinated grilled pork, chicken, beef, seafood, etc. They've got a wide selection of dishes so there's plenty of choices for the picky eaters. Google the dishes for pictures when the description doesn't help!I came here this past Sunday, regularly hungover as usual for a pho experience but I have decided not to come back for multiple reasons. My friend ordered a coconut juice and there was a huge bug in it! Omg... That almost made me feel more sick than I already did. She asked for a sprite but how do you not look at your cup before handing it to a customer! The bug was huge. I also wanted to try bun bo hue for the first time. I've never had it before but I always see people post pictures of it and it looks spicy and yummy so I asked the waiter, how's the bun bo hue, is it spicy? what is it like in reference to pho? And all he said was, I'll go  ask. No offence, but have you never had the dish before? How do you not know the answer? I was looking more for an opinion rather than a factual answer he comes back and says "doesn't taste like pho and it's spicy" So i figure okay, this guy isn't going to help me out so I'll just go with my usual. 
The chicken summer rolls were so dry and not fresh and the chicken quality was so bad. I couldn't tell if it was chicken or pork. I usually come here but I am definitely on the prowl for a new pho spotOne of my favorite places to get Pho. I stopped going here only because I started eating Pho Ga only, and I prefer the chicken and the broth at Pho 75. However, their beef pho is amazing and this used to be my go to spot. 
The servers are nice, attentive and the restaurant is much more spacious / family style seating compared to something like Pho 75. They also have many more options for appetizers and entrees, as Pho 75 only focuses on Pho only.
Solid choiceThe food is so good! Very flavorful.
The service was fast on that weekend afternoon.
I ordered the Grilled pork and crispy spring rolls on vermicelli. topped w. bean sprout, lettuce, herb, cucumber & crushed peanuts. The portions are huge.
And for $8-$9, in my opinion, it was worth it.
I'm definitely going there again and ordering the same thing. haha.I guess I've always skipped over Viet Huong for Nam Phuong - but now that I live a stone's throw away from the Asian strip mall on Washington, I'll make it a project to try all the little places.  
Tonight I ordered a simple vermicelli with grilled chicken over salad - and it was delicious!  Everyone's right about the fish sauce - it's absolutely perfect, and not too salty.  The chicken was moist, and not tough - though it was also dark meat, which I usually don't like, but it was amazing in this dish.  The salad, cucumber, bean sprouts, and basil were fresh, and the vermicelli wasn't sticky.  And the portion?  Huge.  All of this for six bucks.
I'd like to try more of the menu - especially the pho, but I think I'll wait when it gets a little cooler for that.  Consider me a fan of this place.I can definitely understand why the rating for this place isn't very high. On a Saturday night, my friend and I decided to have some Vietnamese food since he never had it before and this was within a walkable distance. We arrived around 9PM and ordered the classic appetizers, Spring Roll and Summer. For our entrees, we ordered shrimp fried rice and charcoaled pork chop with broken rice. I've had pork chops from various different locations in Philadelphia, and I have to say that in terms of size and taste, this place could have done better. However, it was good enough to satisfy my hunger for the night so we might still come back to try other things. My friend, on the other hand, enjoyed most of his food and added some soy sauce to boost the flavor of the fried rice. Service was fairly quick, and I believe part of the reason why we didn't get a decent experience is because we arrived an hour before closing which is partially our fault. We'll try to come earlier next time and see if the experience improves.Service was annoying. Took my orders really fast. I wasn't even finish yet and he walked away really fast. My kids wanted a soda, I have to asked them 3 times!! The waiter never came back to asked if we needed anything else. Gave the kids plastic forks and spoons which my husband end up using because we never got any silverware. I come to this place all the time, and I tip pretty well, bad service or not. I guess I always expect they would be better. But it's just gets worst and worst. And I think this will be our last time. It's ashame because I do enjoy the food.Had dinner here with my friend a few weeks ago and the food was absolutely amazing! HOWEVER, when I went to the mini store right in the front of the restaurant and bought some pre-packaged dessert I found a maggot in it after my first bite. I am absolutely disgusted by this and they really do need to look into that for future reference.The pho here blows Viet Huong, Pho Hoa, Pho Cali, and Pho Saigon's pho out of the water. Seriously. The broth is intense. And they give you almost more meat than i can manage to finish. I intend to try Pho 75 and Pho Ha, but its hard to face possible disappointment when reliable deliciousness is right around the corner.The food here is good - authentic Vietnamese food. I enjoy the traditional Vietnamese decor, booth seats, and overall environment. I would have to take a star off because of the wait service. It takes them about 20+ minutes to get your dish out. :(So my Mom wanted to go here for lunch since she was shopping in the area, I said hey why not maybe they got better! Sadly they got worst. Service was very slow and rude. The food was horrible. Did not have much flavor. Tasted like they reheated leftover food from the night before and served it. They served our entrees before our drinks, and apps. One server just shoved one of the apps in front of my little brothers face as he was eating his entree. Expecting my little brother to place it on the table. Prices for this place became rather steep as well. I do NOT recommend anyone to go to this restaurant. Horrible food, horrible service.This was my first experience with Vietnamese food and I have got to say that it was pretty tasty! There were many different things to choose from on the menu, which allowed for everyone in the group to eat something they liked and in their preferred spice level! Also had a great selection of drinks including bubbletea and iced coffee. Portions were huge and had plenty to take home. The peanut sauce is AWESOME! The prices were very reasonable as well and the food came out super quick! Very clean atmosphere and friendly, helpful service! Everything was fresh! Will go back again for sure!Simply the best Pho in Philadelphia! There are so many reasons to love this place, but I'll try to break it down for you.
1. The Food - Everything I've ever eaten here has been fantastic, each and every time. Consistently delicious, quality food. They have an extensive and diverse menu - it's not just pho - and you never need to be afraid to try something new because it's all amazing. The BBQ pork, spring rolls, and bubble smoothies are particular favorites of mine. Plus, the portions ensure you will always have leftovers the next day no matter how hungry you are. Seriously, I challenge you to finish a bowl of pho all by yourself in one sitting.
2. The People - Everyone is SO nice here! The waiters are sweet, friendly, personable, and attentive. I'm a complete failure when it comes to putting pho in a to-go container, but luckily the waitstaff is populated by pho ninjas who are always happy to magic it in for you. They're also very encouraging that I'll get it down someday.
3. The Place - There's a parking lot, which as I have mentioned in other reviews is a big plus for me. The seating area is very comfortable, and the noise level is quiet enough that you can have a conversation easily but not so quiet that you feel awkward speaking a normal volume. 
Short version: Go eat here right now and thank me later. I'll be eating leftover pho for lunch today and loving life.Pretty good banh mi, but meh summer roll. 
I came for dinner and started my order with a summer roll and then finished it off with the regular/classic banh mi (the one with the head cheese or what not).
First the summer roll, I was not a big fan. I normally don't order them, but I was in the mood to give it a try. I think these were pre made, because it came out almost immediately. I don't think the shrimp was bad, but maybe i"m just no a fan of these. 
The banh mi also came out pretty quickly, I wasn't even done with my summer rolls yet, but I am pretty sure these were made fresh. For $4 it was a pretty good deal, but it's not the largest of subs. I guess you get your monies worth though. Anyway, the sandwich had a generous serving of the pickled carrots and radish, as well as cilantro. The serving of meat was less generous, but with a summer roll and banh mi for about $7 or $8, I was pretty full. All in all, the flavor wasn't bad, but it was over powered by the excessive amount of veggies when compared to the sparse bit of meat. 
On my way out, I also stopped by the cafe and took a look at the premade desserts. The Banh Flan and the some sort of crepe taco with red and green sweetened (coconut?) rice caught my fancy. The flan, was average at best. Overly sweet, but in a burnt caramel sort of manner. The taco/crepe rice was a bit better, but you could tell that it's been sitting out all day in the siran wrap.I consider myself pretty spoiled in the world of Vietnamese cookery due to my proximity to Eden Center in Falls Church. that said, I am glad that my hunger for pho is virtually never sated and after having tried my poor boyfriend's miserable excuse for a sandwich from Geno's, opted to take a different lunch route. 
I stuck w/the old standbys of a bowl of pho tai with goi cuon as an appetizer. the goi cuon was stuffed full of fresh mint, shrimp, pork, basil and lemongrass. most of the places I go to will skimp on one or two fresh ingredients, but Viet Huong had it all. sadly, I can't say the same for the peanut sauce, which was watery and bland, though it wasn't anything that a little sriracha + sambal oeleck couldn't tackle.
the pho was delicious -- the broth was fragrant, savory and complex, and the slices of beef were fresh and served raw. the noodles weren't over-cooked so they held a good consistency within the soup.
next time I'm in Philly, I'm going to have to come back here and sample the rest of their menu.Legit Pho. Stopped in for late evening dinner and was more than pleased. Great service and delicious broth.My friend dragged me out to get some things from the Asian Market and we decided to grab dinner in the neighborhood too.  If only I had known this was going to be my evening I would not have eaten Ramen soup for lunch.
My friend had a yen for Pho (cross cultural pun?) and I was glad that there was more on the menu because 2 soups in one day wouldn't cut it for me.  I ended up getting some sort of spare rib entree.
Now, I recognize that what they brought me was authentic and I appreciate that but I have a peeve (in every culture) about food that is intended to be eaten with a utensil but has to be handled with fingers in order to discard bones.  (I have the same issue when shrimp is served with the shell on in a fork type meal).  These ribs were basically chopped into close to bite size chunks, which was good, but served still on the bone and cartilage so that with every single bite I ended up having to separate the edible parts from the inedible ones.  My friend theorized that  people swallow the cartilage but to me it was not palatable.  Even worse than the bones were the little hard chunks of ? that if swallowed I felt would have done harm to my esophagus.  Okay.  Enough of my gringo griping.  There are tons of things on the menu that are awesome and I just made a poor choice this time.  
I will totally go back for more.  I'll just be more careful about what I ask for.My favorite pho restaurant to go to! This place is so peaceful and I bring everyone here, even visitors. Their service is great and they are all polite. I never had a problem with them before. They get my order out as fast as they can. Would recommend this restaurant to anybody that is going to be visiting Philadelphia and are near South Philadelphia.Some dishes are good, like the "mi kho nam Vang" .....quick dish I call them. Course dinner food is disappointing usually too salty. I had the clams in black bean sauce, very disappointing.  Ca kho to is ok.I love this placeeeeeee!!! The pho is out of this world, Something bout the broth that just hits me and I just keep coming back for it. The place is huge so finding a table is not hard. Service is the friendliest you can find. The bathrooms are very clean and never out of toilet paper or soap. Also the coffee will keep you up for days.They say this place is wheelchair accessible, it is not. The only functional door opens blocking the ramp. You cannot go past the closed door and try to turn around because the landing is too small and stairs are immediately up on the turn radius. We tried to open the second door and it was broken the owner yelled at us. I was really looking forward to going here wish it really was accessible.Really good authentic Vietnamese food.  Tons of variety. Huge portions.  The menu is translated not so well so it is sometimes hard to know what you are ordering. The non-alcoholic drinks are really interesting.Ph bò kho (beef noodle stew) 2/5. The broth was way too thick, borderline gravy, and I actually had to dilute it with my water. There was also an overwhelming star anise flavor that I really disliked - star anise is already strong to begin with, and I picked out at least 5 in my bowl alone. 
Bún riêu cua (tomato crab soup) 2/5. My boyfriend got this and we agreed that the broth was too thin and lacked flavor compared to Nam Phuong's. The crab meatballs were almost completely packed with ground pork (?) which was very disappointing. 
Thai tea with jelly 5/5. Surprise! The jelly turned out to be coffee-flavored which was actually delicious. Thai tea was also not too sweet.Pho is good! I like their summer rolls too. Seated and served tea as soon as we stepped through the door! Great place if you really want a bang for your buck, my boyfriend and I both got big bowls of Pho for under $20! Also there's a candy store connected to it!Every other Yelper on here has contributed their take on Viet Huong's food.  I've never eaten there, but my fellow candyfiend friend and former boss guided us here as a prime place to score the best junk Asia has to offer.  
Though the selection is not huge, it hits the sweet spots in all the categories: Kasugai gummies (strawberry, mango and melon are tops), Pocky, giant bumpy Nerds, and these little biscuit cookies shaped like mushrooms and dipped in chocolate.  Those were key.
The store side is also home to a bakery, where you can buy tooth-shatteringly sweet Vietnamese pastries.  I'm only here for the candy, though.I came to Pho Viet Huong this morning and everything was nice. Service was good, everyone is very friendly to me and my pho was delicious too. Just one little thing was ruin my entire meal of the day is an old man ( server and dont know his name) was talking to another man about I called the special pho of their store and might not be able to pay my bill because i'm look young. He was talking really loud that me and my cousin heard that too. We was so upset that i payed the bill and immediately went out of the store. 
Anyway, don't let a tiny sand ruin entire ocean :). The food and service is nice and i highly recommended everyone to come and enjoy the Vietnamese food here.I never get pho when I'm here..just other noodle or stir fry dishes but I somehow always gravitate towards this restaurant (there's plenty other vietnamese restaurants in the strip mall that it's in) to get nice homey filling food that's well seasoned and well cooked. BTW if you've never tried the pan fried egg noodles...it's so good..go for it! The chicken wasn't my favorite, I like the beef better, but I love the crispy perfection mingled with the brown sauce. It becomes such a stomach pleaser..even more than pho (dare I say it). The servers are ok which is why I docked a star.. sometimes they're attentive and other times you have to call them over for water and service.It pains me to my core to change my review of this place, because I LOVE them. But, when I eat half my Vietnamese spot, then find a dead roach, it's a wrap. Time to find another Pho spot.One of (if not) the cleanest Vietnamese / Pho restaurant in the city.
Every time I crave for Pho I always go to this place.
Pho #42 and slow dripped coffee with condensed milk.Walked in for the desserts/snacks and got the cha chien, which was fresh, but decent, a bit sweet, and the xoi pancakes were fine.I really enjoy coming to this place.   I was not a fan of this sort of food until I cam here.   I love their steak cubes and rice plates.    The food always comes out hot, juicy, and very healthy portions.  
The staff there is friendly, and I've never have found myself waiting for someone to come and see if I needed anything.   The establishment comes off as pretty clean and well taken care of.   Parking can be very tricky, but you should try the lot behind the place for a spot.  (Although if you have a big car, i wouldn't recommend it.)The cafe take-out is convenient, but the quality and taste of food and dessert can be hit or miss.  I avoid the cafe and give the cafe two stars..
4 stars for the restaurant.  Not sure why most pho restaurants have to look so generic with the typical "Asian" look. Did all these restaurants hire the same fobby (or oh-so-country) Asian person from across the country?  Even restaurants in Asia or South East Asia has more appealing and tasteful decor.  
Thank goodness the food in the restaurant tastes lots better than how the cheesy ambiance.  This place is huge, friendly, and the pho noodle soups are super large and delicious.  Their other rice dishes are good as well.  Try the spring rolls which is the best in Philly.  I also like them for their authentic Vietnamese cafe sua da (ice coffee drip)!I've been going here for years. Great service, delicious food, and well priced.  My favorite part is that their tendons in their pho come wholeI luv everything about this place..my 2nd fav. Place after Sky café ;)My family used to go here all the time. Compared to before, the quality of the food has gone down.  My brother ordered the pad thai. It was SALTY. The prices raised by 1 or 2 dollars compared to before too. Waiters paid more attention to the tv than the customers.this is our goto spot for pho. parking could get complicated during weekend lunch hrs. good pho, among other traditional viet dishes. reasonable prices. grab a tiger or a viet beer while you are here.Hands down best Pho Gà (chicken noodle soup) I have tasted in the US so far.Overall, my favorite Viet spot in northern South Philly/Bella Vista.
Everything here is great. The lotus shoot salad, the papaya salads, the spring rolls, the beef stew (Bo Kho - ask for it with french bread instead of noodles), the carpaccio, the other soups. Order a spread and bring a few friends, it's gonna be a long haul.
You really can't beat this place for the intersection of price and flavor. Every time I'm down in Wing Phat plaza, the lady and I have to stop in here for a quick snack. The kind that quickly ruins any of our evening plans because we ate too much at Viet Huong.
Did I mention they also have cheap, good drinks, and kickass smoothies? What about their Banh Mi, which I find to be second only to Cafe Saigon's in the Adam's Avenue shopping plaza in NE Philly?
Come here. Try everything. The menu is pictographic and the dishes comes out looking just as pretty as their photos.Go to Nam Phong for the viet wraps but the Pho here is pretty good!!! I came back to get the number 1 on the pho list and a strawberry smoothie. Super good!!Nice waiters and large spacey restaurant.
However, the Pho was just so-so. Tasting the soup alone, I could tell there was definitely some depth missing. I couldn't put my tongue on exactly what it was but it just tasted a little off. At least it wasn't oily. After throwing in usual amounts of Sriracha sauce, Hoisin sauce, and lime, it tasted fine. I got Pho Tai Nam and the meat was just OK. It just didn't taste of the same quality as I've had at other places. They offer two sizes, small or regular. I got the regular and it was definitely more of a small.  I ate the bowl quite quickly and felt the need to order more. And, I'm not a very big person! 
Please add more noodles and meat!My Eye Round and Tendon Pho was mediocre. There was too much fat on the meat and the broth was nothing to write home about. The service was bad too. We couldn't get extra napkins for half an hour.I went here 3 days ago, I ordered an appetizer (shrimp wrapped in soybean paper), Pho for the entree and my buddy ordered a rice platter.
The Pho came 10 minutes after we placed the order, then my friend's rice platter. The appetizer hasn't come out yet not until I almost finished my noodle soup.Went here tonight around 7pm and there were 3-4 other parties in this big restaurant that has a small "grocery/concession" store in front.  There were 5 or so waiters around so we were seated promptly in a comfortable and private booth and when I raised my hand, a waiter came over promptly to take our order.  I had a small lunch so I ordered 3 meals--#50 (pho), 168 (pork bahn mi) and the grilled shrimp over vermicelli noodles (I think #96) (See photos I posted).  The bahn mi was our favorite--the sandwich was served hot out of the oven.  I'm used to the baguette not toasted so much (it was browned quite a bit and super crunchy on the outside) and this bread was a little different than what I was used to (it was more like panini bread or something w/ rounded tops).  I'm not sure what they use but it was crunchy on the outside from being toasted a while but still soft on the inside.  There was plenty of marinated pork (and it didn't look like scary mystery meat) and slices of cucumber, jalepeno peppers, pickled radishes/carrots, and cilantro.  The pork was delicious and didn't look fatty.  It reminded me of Korean bbq, actually.
The pho was excellent as well.  I'm used to getting more noodles but I was still stuffed.  I haven't passed out yet so I'm assuming their very flavorful broth does not contain MSG (or at least not a lot of it).  They gave me lots of fresh basil (some restaurants give you wilted/rotten leaves), jalepeno peppers, lime and sprouts.  Everything you needed was neatly at the end of the table (chopsticks, sauce bowls, sriracha, the sweet brown sauce, the other red hot sauce, fish sauce, etc).  I've posted photos to show how wonderful the pho looked!  I assure you, it tasted great.
I'm not a huge seafood fan so the third dish was my least favorite but it was still very yummy.  I think the description on the menu isn't accurate because the noodles didn't look like vermicelli--they looked much thicker.  They were still very light though and there was plenty of roasted garlic and pickled carrots/radishes in it.  We added a little sriracha and the dish was perfect.  The shrimp was very flavorful but it was a little annoying having to de-shell them (they were also not cleaned, but oh well, it doesn't kill you).  
Overall, I can't wait to come back to get bahn mi here again.  There were 6-7 different kinds but I'm not crazy about pate so I may just stick with chicken and pork.  I don't think they had one with sardines.  I also saw lots of young people come in and get take-out -- I'm almost certain they were getting bahn mi!Pho & Cafe still has wonderful food at excellent prices!
Got the Bun (Vermicelli) with Chargrilled Pork and Spring Roll - still yummy!  Pork was flavourful, spring roll was crispy, noodles were well dressed with scallions, herbs, etc.  Very refreshing.
Also tried the Vermicelli with Spicy Lamb Curry which was also good but different.  Instead of a bowl of noodles that you add the sauce to, this was a bowl of noodles in a thick spicy curry sauce, with tender pieces of fatty lamb.  Very flavourful -- the curry's got a kick to it.I love there dry noodle with seafood. These people make the best ice coffee in the Philly area.This is now my go to spot for Vietnamese food.  Good price and food is consistently good.  I especially like their noodle soups (non Pho).I came here twice, once with my Japanese friends, once with my very good close friend at night. Sadly 3 of them are all out of Philadelphia now. 
I thought of writing this as I miss the time.  
Both time we enjoyed their place and meal. The servers are very friendly and foods are a lot for a person, but they are all very tasty. 
It's my favorite happy meal, and it's just very healthy compared to the McDonald's happy meal.Mmm...good Vietnamese food.  The pork over rice vermicelli was delicious!  Fresh spring rolls (not the fried kind) were REALLY fresh and yummy.  There's a bakery, too that sells lots of crazy candy in addition to bakery items.  
Service was okay.  Our waiter brought extra water in a thermos for us to add to our Vietnamese coffeemaker once the first round of water filtered.  We added the water, and seconds later our waiter came by and cleared our coffeemakers!  I don't know think he saw us add water, because he got sloshed with coffee grounds and water as he whisked them away.  But don't let the atmosphere and aggressive table bussing keep you away.  Good food.We have been here multiple times and never leave disappointed. Whether it is an appetizer, pho, or vermicelli everything comes hot, delicious and quick. The staff is super nice and helpful. Only negative is that they don't refill your water.Priced competitively with larger portions. Friendly service however servers need to be a little more attentive to the needs of their customers.I have been going here for ages. Their banh mi is very good and the staff is very friendly.Myself, my boyfriend, and a group of friends ate here last week around 8:30. I'd been craving pho for a while, and so it was awesome to finally get a chance to have a bowl. Purely on taste alone, I'd give this place four or five stars. The pho was flavorful, the eye round was sliced impressively thin, and the brisket was tasty with just the right amount of fat. The garnishes also looked nice and fresh, and added a nice, bright flavor to the bowl. I really enjoyed the broth and the slippery rice noodles, and the summer rolls that one of our dining partners ordered looked delicious as well, jam packed with pork and shrimp.
We were eating fairly late, and were one of the only tables filled in the huge, cavernous, but clean-looking dining room, but service was still a little slow. No matter, not a big deal. Bigger problems were to come.
While trying to pay the bill, there was some kind of mix up. Although we were splitting it among 5 people, I know that we left enough to cover the tab and leave a decent tip. As two of our friends were leaving, someone came running up behind them to let us know we were $1.33 short. I'm not really sure where that number came from, but it was odd, because it did not match up with the bill and the amount of money that we paid. We scrounged the extra money and left without arguing.
BIGGER problems, though, were to come. An hour or two after getting home, I started feeling sick, the twingy, uncomfortable feeling that lets you know you are NOT in for an enjoyable evening. This culminated in getting rather violently ill at 2am, after a night of tossing and turning uncomfortably. Not fun!!
So in short: I might try this place again, but only after bringing extra cash just in case (!!) and if I knew I didn't have anywhere to be the next morning, in case of a repeat performance.I got a banh mi and a bubble tea. Super quick service took maybe 7 minutes at the most. Guy at register was friendly. Nice atmosphere and tasty treats.I usually arrive here around 10:45 hungover on a Saturday morning. I usually get the same array of food: 4 waters, a viet ice coffee, summer rolls, pho with no meat but extra cilantro and i split the broken rice w/ pork chops with a friend. I have no complaints (besides the fact it never looks like extra cilantro). the pho could be a little bit beefier and more un greasy tasting but some people may like it like that. the meat in the summer rolls should have more fat cut off, not appetizing when hungover. i do love the porkchops, just wish some sides werent as charred/burnt. i definitely have had better pho but in the washington ave plaza, this one is my faveWent there with my roommate and we got Bun Bo Hue and Garlic beef with rice. Garlic beef was very tasty and tender 4/5.  But instead that suppose to come with salt pepper and lime, it came with fish sauce ??? 
But surprisingly Bun Bo Hue wasn't Bun Bo Hue at all. Big cube of beef like it was made for Bo Kho. First time see that way. Asked one of the server about that and he said that they serve that way. The broth was not tasty at all. Even 1/5.
Service was 2/5. No one care about you even it was not busy.
Because Nam Phuong was closed that day so that way we came but we are very disappointed.this is my go-to spot in Philly when Little Saigon is either closed or too far away. the pho here is great and costs about the same as anywhere in the city ($6-7). but i really like this place because I've had good experiences venturing out with other dishes. 
My favorite is one that has grilled beef with white rice. I'm not sure of the official name, but they serve it with lettuce, tomato, onions and this sweet fish sauce that i almost drank out of the cup! i really didn't appreciate this dish until i tried it elsewhere and found that it wasn't even close. I've also had their bubble tea. It was tasty and they didnt add too much milk like some other places.
service is always fast here as well and the prices are great!Pho here is great from the noodles to the broth to the toppings.  Both the spring and summer rolls are delicious - something about the dipping sauces is better than any other viet place i've been to.  I think they put MSG in the soup though. Fast service and there's never a wait for a seat.My brother recommended this place next to my usual go to spot and it was really good.  I really liked the bo luc lac, summer rolls, and pho here.  The fish and pork in clay pot was really good too.   They also have prepackaged food in the front which was good too.Banh Mi! Now that's what I'm talking about. I don't remember what number it is, but the one with porkbelly and pate is my fave. 
This review is going to be as brief as that sandwich existed, I hope that convinces you it's that good.