I got take out from here & the food was delicious!  Well balanced, and plenty spicy as I asked.    I would recommend this to anyone!  Plus the fact it's a BYOB makes it even that much better.  I plan to be going back again soon.Prices are super high and delivery takes forever. I ordered over 2 hours ago and still have yet to get my food. I called the restaurant several times and it just goes to voicemail. I would just cancel if I wasn't starving and if it wasn't already too late to order from somewhere else. This is ridiculous!The chicken dumplings are wonderful. Very light, with a very clean and fresh taste. But the drunken noodles are unlike any I have experienced in the past. Almost a bulk Chinese food chain/ frozen entree feel to them. Not any sort of classic or comforting flavor. The atmosphere of the establishment is extremely lovely, however. Just what I would expect and want.Dependable delivery, and consistently great-tasting food. Drunken noodles, basil curry chicken, and pad Thai are all amazing. I keep wanting to venture out into the menu more, but these items keep me coming back.I like coming here for take out.  My choices are the beef salad, drunken noodles with shrimp and red curry. It's my go to when I don't have time to cook or just craving for Thai food.I've ordered from here 3 other times but tonight was the last. Food is so so. They charge extra for protein like chicken but there is barely ever any in the dishes! I really wanted to love this place because its close and I love Thai food but quality and consistency are just not there from my perspective.Ive been a few times and each time was delicious. I love spicy and the place does not disappoint. Unlike some other Thai places in Philly, the portions are a very good size. The lunch specials are great deal, but even the dinner prices are very affordable.  I love the curries I've had so far and the Drunken Noodles.I literally just finished my Thai delivery and after seeing the very positive reviews I gave it a try via grubhub.com and man was this food was delicious! Let's start with the Spring Roll which was a fried delight. For those that have complained about the oil shouldn't order it fried. The Lemon Grass Soup was very well done the broth was flavorful and richly deep....that's somebody's love up in that soup!! LOL It was a bit heavy on the onion, but tolerable. They did not skimp on the chicken at all. You most  certainly got your monies worth.  Finally the Pad Thai; my mouth still salivates over it. Well seasoned, flavorful, while leaving you enough room in the acid department to introduce the amount of lime you desire. Phu Fha Thai Restaurant has very smart cooking and you can taste it! There is such a lack of good Thai in Philly, but this place definitely makes up for that.I have never been treated so horribly as a customer in any setting. Ordered takeout from there 2 months ago. Placed the order at 730 on a Sunday. Was informed it would be 45 minutes. Called after an hour to get an update and was told the driver was on the way. Waited another 30 minutes and called back to be greeted by the "restaurant is currently closed" message. Repeatedly called the number back to try to get anyone and a woman answered and screamed at me "why do you keep calling? Leave us alone!" And she hung up. Called again and same woman screamed at me in a foreign language before I could speak.  Finally, the delivery guy arrived at 930 with piping hot meal (food was obviously just made moments prior) and was apologetic but it was too late. Food was average and not worth the trouble or wait. Do not go here!!! Worst service in the area!!!!Amazing!! I love this place. My standing order always includes the  drunken noodles with beef (extra spicy) and the pad Thai with chicken (extra spicy). Other items which I frequently will order in addition to the aforementioned include: spring rolls, coconut shrimp, thai iced tea, and the green curry. All items mentioned are delicious and have always left my fiancé and myself most satisfied. The service is quick and food is generally always ready when I arrive to pickup. Mostly I notice people to order takeout from Phu Fha, but occasionally there will be people eating in at the restaurant. The atmosphere is nice enough, but at the reasonable price point and convenience, I'd guess that they are able to sustain as an establishment on takeout alone. If you are local to the area or are looking for something truly authentic, do yourself a favor and visit Phu Fha!!The food here can't be classified as unauthentic- the menu has a good variety of authentic and "Americanized" on the menu. The restaurant also seems to have a good number of regular guests. However, it was just not for me. The food was too oily (that's including the soup) and left me feeling as though my insides were coated with grease.  The day my husband and I visited, we were one of only two tables, yet service was slow and we were not made to feel as though our business was important to them.  Given, I have not been back in several months, so I don't want to give an entirely negative review and will definitely say my experience wasn't poor enough to veto giving it another chThis is the best Thai delivery I've found in the area but it's inconsistent. Sometimes the food is 5 stars amazing and others it's barely worthy of 3 stars. The green curry is rarely a miss though so I will call on them on those lazy days when you just need someone to bring you food. Never eaten in the restaurant but I will give it a shot someday.1 star, because when I went here last a week and a half ago, I found a small dead roach in my entree. The server was remarkably casual about it and didn't even seem that alarmed, the manager didn't come out to say anything, and we were given a whopping 10% discount on our bill (my dish, obviously, was taken off the bill). My friend ordered the drunken noodles, and what came out was a gelatinous heap of muck that smelled like cat pee. Sorry, but it's bad enough that they serve food that has dead insects in it, but that they didn't seem alarmed, that the manager didn't come out and say anything, and that they didn't think to rescind our bill overall shows this is a substandard place that doesn't value its customers.
BTW, until my most recent visit, I'd have given this place 4 stars for the very good, spicy food. I went here prob ten times in the past two years and never had any problems. (I'd never have given it 5 stars, though, because they dining area looks so cheap, dated, tawdry and it's basically a throughway for the unending line of people coming in to pick up their take-out).I really loved this place the food tastes great. But the last time I got take out there was hair in my food, A LOT of hair in both of my entrees. Totally turned off from ordering again...I'm not sure if others are having the same food that I did, but the red and green curry were subpar at best. The chicken was very dry, and the curry itself tasted very watery. There was very little flavor in general. Also, there was a thick layer of oil over the curry, which made the entire dish unappetizing. I will say however, that the food is not "Americanized", in that its not sweet and saucy. But as far as non-Americanized Thai food goes, this is as low as it goes. 
Maybe I came on a bad night, or maybe because I'm Asian and my Asian food standards are higher than some, but this place as definitely not impressive. 
I would be willing to give this place a second chance if my friends made me come here.Me and my boyfriend love their drunken noodles and chicken Pad Thai!  So good. We have never eaten at the restaurant;
We get delivery through grub hub. Takes about 45 min - 1 hour; always comes nice and hot!! The servings are really big usually feeds both of us 2 or three times.Just AWEFUL, ordered from Grub Hub which they are a member - order went thru, estimated time of deliver quoted, called once they were clearly LATE only to get a message they are no longer in business, REALLY! FUMmmmmm.... Curry... Yum *Homer Drool*... I must echo the sentiments previously stated about this place. I had the Yellow Curry with chicken and it was so rich. The flavor had a depth that can't be articulated. My only complaint is that I LOOOOOVE potatoes in curry and the portion I got had less than I preferred to soak up more of that glorious broth, but that's easily fixable for me, as I usually have my own potatoes on hand. I was literally so sad when I realized it was all gone. Oh well! Time to go get more :)I came here for takeout. The restaurant had a small spot near the door for temporary parking so it was super convenient to get out and get my food. Fast and efficient! Just the way I like things to be.
I ordered the chicken pad Thai which came in one of those take out bowls. The food had cost me $14, which is a bit pricey for what I expected. The food smelled great and looked great however when I took my first bite I was disappointed. The dish was overloaded with soy sauce that other flavored could not be tasted at all. Since I was starving from a long day I ate it anyways. I don't see myself coming back to this place any time soon. I decided to give it 3 stars because the staff was friendly and they had a parking spot in the front to pick up food.Got takeout from Phu Fha and was really impressed.  Drunken noodles were tasty and the Coconut Soup and Green Curry were outstanding.We always order from Phu Fha - and love it each time. Just be careful the Drunken Noodles can be VERY VERY hot.! but then again - some like it hot.Food was good but unfortunately did not honor grub hub discount.My boyfriend and I love Thai food so we decided to try this restaurant out. We usually would go to Thai to go but we live closer to this place so we decided to give it a try. We were pleasantly surprised at how good the food was. Also the portions are larger than Thai to go however it is a couple dollars more so you really get what you pay for. Since our first time trying this place we have been back many more times.  We typically get the Pad Thai with chicken, red curry or Thai basil.  For the red curry, they give you a meager portion of rice, I think they could afford to give you a little more as rice is a cheap side. Typically we are a fan of the mango sticky rice however the portion was small and not as good as Thai to go's. All in all, I would recommend trying this place if you live in the area and like Thai food.I love Thai food, and was excited to see this one open close by.  The employees are really friendly, and I thoroughly enjoyed my Pad Thai.  I have gone twice, but tend to order Pad Thai because it's my favorite dish, so I can't speak to the breadth of the menu.  I also loved the fried bananas we got for dessert.  Wasn't that busy both times we went in.  I really recommend this restaurant.Extremely disappointed. My spring rolls were drenched in oil and soggy. My pad Thai was burnt, and the cooking area was really dirty and gross. Not to mention overpriced for such mediocre food.Ordered Kao Soi, crab dumplings, and Drunken Noodles. Everything was delicious. Can't wait to try more food here but will definitely order all same items again. I love spicy food and it definitely held it's end on the heat scale. The only improvement could have been more protein in the Kao Soi.Amazing coconut soup. Did I mention that the coconut soup was delicious? I also had vegetable dumplings. They were a little rubbery but the sauce that came with them could have made the table itself taste great!
The Pad Thai was goopy but amazing in flavor, and the Pad Woo Sen with Angel hair noodles was pleasantly airy, perfectly seasoned, and came with scallions.  (Not unusual, I realize.) Overall, this little neighborhood restaurant serves delicious food, and we recommend it to not nine but ten friends.I have gotten food from this restaurant plenty of times. To be fair, although the delivery time was never reliable, the food itself was decent-- a little on the greasy side but the flavor was okay. So if I was in a Thai food mood, I would still elect to order here (I just add time as a buffer). 
However, a few days ago my friends and I ordered through grubhub and had an estimated delivery time of around 45 minutes. After waiting an hour, we decided to call and check on our order, but the line was busy. Unfortunately, this is not the first time it happened so we were not alarmed yet. Waited another 30 minutes, still nothing. Called again and line was still busy. Now we started wondering whether something was up. After calling the restaurant 10+ times without being able to get through, I finally went online to chat with a grubhub representative. The person was also not able to get in touch with the restaurant. At this point I decided to ask the rep to cancel my order and we found another restaurant to order from. By the time we got our food, we were all pretty annoyed and were starving. 
I understand that restaurants sometimes close for whatever reason-- renovation, change of ownership, or simply a much deserved vacation--but you'd think they'd at least have the courtesy to notify delivery services that they are involved in, and maybe set an automated voice message to let their customers know? 
I don't know whether they are closed permanently or not, but I probably won't be returning to this restaurant in the future.I wish I discovered them sooner! Amazing pad Thai, great fried tofu (and the sauce that comes with it is so good too!) love that they deliver ($2.00 fee). Great portion sizes, cause I love having leftovers.This has become one of my favorite places for two dishes in particular: Chicken Pad Thai, and Beef Pad See Ew. I don't know much about Thai food, but every time we order from here we're always left wanting more. The flavor combinations are great, the food is hot, and everything seems fresh.
Usually, we call ahead, but the service isn't always adequate. If the phone is answered the workers are courteous and helpful. If the phone isn't answered it sounds like it goes to this guys personal voicemail- which is a little strange for a business, but whatever. 
The restaurant itself is a bit quirky, and a little unclean - decorations everywhere, kind of small- but the food experience is way better. I have yet to take advantage, but they offer BYOB, which would be awesome for something like a wine pairing.
With a little more effort, this place could easily be a 5.If you're looking for consistent taste in Thai Cuisine in or around Philadelphia then this is where you should go. Restaurants pretty close from where I used to live and we would often go here for lunch. 
Some of my favorite items are the chicken drunken noodle and the Thai red curry on the menu and are very well cooked.I've had my fair share of Thai, good and bad and this has to be the worst and one of the most expensive, even in comparison to my Manhattan favorites. Pad thai was a solidified mess of noodles which no one was able to finish because they couldn't stomach it and the pineapple fried rice was more like day old from the cheapest chinese take out  place they could  find and some under ripe pineapple chopped in. 
Not worth the hype and certainly not worth the 90 minute delivery wait.Best Thai you've ever had? Man, y'all need to get outta Roxborough, because your Thai standards are low! I was having a craving for some Massaman Curry so I dragged my BF down here to try it out. We both got Massaman Curry, he got chicken and I got beef. Based on the other reviews that said this place makes it ultra spicy, I asked for medium or mild because I am a spice wuss. I wish I hadn't because I got a totally flavorless meal. BF got spicy and his was quite bland too. The dish was super watery and oily. The portions were a good size, nice amount of meat in each dish, but who wants a lot of mediocre food? I can seriously MAKE a better massaman at my house.
I also ordered a Sticky Rice with Mango dessert. The rice was good but he mango was really underripe. I forgive this because I know it is not mango season, but it was a disappointing end to an overall disappointing meal. I need to find some good restaurants in Northwest Philly or I'm going to become a hermit.
Also, the decor matches the taste of the food. Bland, boring, underwhelming. They need to kick everything up like five notches. Sorry, probably won't be back.Ordered the pad thai and the drunken noodle to go. Pros: large portions, decent amount of fresh vegetables, fast service, fair price. Cons: oily. My experience hasn't turned me away for good but next time I'm in the mood for Thai food I'm going to see if there is something else in the area.not great.  pad see yew was greasy and noodles were stuck together.  pad thai is greasy but reasonable if you are craving it and you don't want to pay an outrageous amount at the place on main street.  spring rolls are huge and greasyPhu Fha is the perfect example of a place I would never go to.  I drive past it nearly everyday and it's always empty.  I have long abided by the rule that if a restaurant is empty, the food cant be that good.  However, I broke my rule due to a friend telling me the food was good, the generally good Yelp reviews, and a serious lack of Thai food in Manayunk/Roxborough.  I ordered the drunken noodles with chicken and the Thai BBQ Chicken.  The drunken noodles were pretty good.  A little too greasy for my tastes, but with a good amount of kick  The chicken tasted good, but was literally just a giant chunk of chicken with an even more giant bone inside.  I would have been better off just going to the supermarket and getting a larger rotisserie chicken for half the price of a my chicken hunk.  Needless to say I won't be ordering this dish again.  For $25, I think I could have done a bit better.  I will probably be back to get take out at some point, and will try other dishes.  Nothing special and a bit pricey, but definitely a solid takeout option for Thai food in the neighborhood.So Phu Fa took over Siam Express recently and my first meal from there was not good.  I have heard people rave about Phu Fa but I have always stuck with Siam Express because they were absolutely amazing.  Some friends and I ordered the red curry, drunken noodles, and pad thai.  The red curry was watery and there was not enough sauce in the copious amount of vegetables that they served it with.  The drunken noodles were not seasoned the same either, I guess I would say they had less flavor!  Whatever the two little women in the back of Siam Express were doing was working well for them and I hope that Phu Fa will be taking that into consideration while collaborating the two Thai restaurants.Thai food here is way better than the other thai to go place. The prices are a bit higher but you get what you pay for. I've ordered takeout a few times and always been great. I haven't dined in yet but will sometime soon.I am a vegan, and visited Phu Fha Thai last week, hoping to try the Vegetarian Drunken Noodles. As soon as I said "vegan" everyone behind the counter in the kitchen visibly shook their head, and the younger guy who would have taken the order explained that everything has fish sauce and/or shrimp paste. I asked specifically if it would be possible to order the vegetarian drunken noodle "veganized," maybe substituting soy sauce, but they could not (or would not) accommodate. I'd been there several times before going vegan, so it was disappointing. At the same time, I've grown accustom to that sort of thing. Life goes on!
I'm torn on how exactly to rate this review. There is an argument to be made against negatively rating the restaurant for producing food the way they always have (although I did read that Phu Fha has worked with vegans in the past). Their food was positively delicious before I became vegan, but I also want to inform potential new customers who are considering Phu Fha Thai. Additionally, I like thinking the restaurant itself may read this feedback, and take steps to be more accommodating, to reach more customers and increase business. I decided to go with a 3/5 rating, in an attempt to remain neutral.Wow. This is some of the best Thai food I've ever had. Hopefully more people will be willing to give this place a chance. We were the only ones in the restaurant from 9-10 on a Saturday night save for a few take out orders, and it seems whenever you drive by it seems close to empty, which is certainly a pity.
The decor is tasteful enough, though obviously some will be turned off by the view of a cigar shop out one window and a Dunkin Donuts out the other. Parking is easy with the large lot just around the corner off of Leverington, and the area, while not picturesque, is certainly as crime free as it gets.
My guest had the Coconut Soup with chicken when the Cream of Mushroom was unavailable, and this was certainly fortuitous, as he enjoyed it very much, and there was almost enough for a meal in itself. Also ordered were the special Thai Sausage, which had a little kick and were enjoyed as well. For an entree he had Tamarind Duck which I agreed was very flavorful and well cooked.
I started out with the Thai Shrimp in Shell, which was tasty but nothing out of the ordinary as Asian fare goes. This was in contrast to my entree, the Kao Soi (noodle curry) with chicken, which I was blown away by. A marriage of curry and milk, when I was left with half a bowl of just the broth I ended up going at it with a spoon like a soup and finished it all. A note - it is listed as spicy but I was informed when ordering it was not and I would have to agree. From reading other reviews it may not be the ultimate flavor sensation of the menu, but I would urge you strongly to give it a try at some point. I though it was fabulous.
We were there a bit late and did not get a chance to try any of the desserts, but didn't feel we were missing anything after a meal this good. I will do my part to try to see that this "off Manayunk" gem sticks around. If you're willing to eat in Manayunk, you owe it to yourself to give this place a try.Just the right amount of taste, convenience and price. Probably can get better Thai food in Center City, or sit down somewhere, but better, cheaper Thai food delivered to your door? In Roxborough? Good luck. We keep coming back. Like the pad thai and really like the Panang Curry. I guess some have had some delivery or service issues, but we never have. Definitely recommended!If this place was in a better location it would be packed nightly. Instead it is tucked away on a not so happening strip in Roxborough with a few people dropping in for take out. 
The food is excellent. Our faves are veggie dumplings which come with crunchy fried garlic, a very spicy drunken noodles, delish pad see ew, and more. I'd give this place 5 stars if it had a better atmosphere.Cheap place with no Regards for customer, albeit I came in 15 minutes before closing for a soup takeout order but y'all can be a little more inviting. They don't take card below $10 wtf are you a food cart? Then comes the portion ordered a soup to go and they give me small fucking box..what is this, soup for ants?
Get your shit together and respect your customers and timings....haven't tasted the food yet but have a feeling it's gonna as bad as the service....highly not recommended...prime location on Ridge Avenue wasted to hacks!!!!I'm very disappointed. 
I had heard good things about this restaurant from family and friends. 
I ordered take out tonight consisting of:
Coconut soup with shrimp- just so so
&
Red curry with Shrimp- thumbs down 
My usual orders for Thai food.  After having some so so soup I opened the entree and was surprised to find Red Curry with Chicken. I was very disappointed. I do not eat chicken, only fish. I also asked for the spice level to be a 3. I was told the spice level was 1-5. My curry was much closer to a 5. I had difficulty eating the curry. Having already been disappointed, my decision to give this establishment 1 stars was decided. The curry sauce was watery and bland. 
My order was $25. Way over priced for a sad take-out dinner.Love love love the drunken noodles! They have just to right amount of spice. Delivery was fast and everything we tried was great including the pad Thai.Very rude. I've ordered from here a number of times off of grub hub and have always had complications with delivery. They never apologize. That's just terrible business. Don't care how good the food is. What a turn off. Today, I ordered a meal at 7 with the prediction it would arrive by 8pm only to get a message from them at 8pm that the food wouldn't arrive until 9pm. I cancelled the order after already waiting for an hour and they acted as though they had been the ones inconvenienced. I ordered pineapple rice, coconut soup, and an appetizer. 2 hours and rudeness. Not the first time. Maybe they don't like delivering to Germantown. I always tip well. So disgusted by these experiences.This is just a very good Thai restaurant.  Okay, it's not in one of the trendy areas of the city but hey that makes it easy to park on the street.  It also means that this restaurant never seems to be crowded although there were about seven other tables occupied when we were there.  Now for the food - Fried Tofu in Peanut Sauce.  Plus rating.  Coconut vegetable soup.  Also a plus.  Crab dumplings - so so. Shrimp Pad Thai - excellent.  Kao Soi - a northern Thai dish not always on menus in Philadelphia Thai restaurants - this dish was simply awesome .... an explosion of flavors!  The food is not as hot (spicy) as i would like it but they have a great homemade chile pepper sauce that provides a nice kick.  Portions are big,  service is friendly and unhurried, atmosphere is good, it's BYO.  This is def a good restaurant to know about and to satisfy a Thai fix!  And it's worth driving to because you can park almost in front of it!!.Ordered pineapple fried rice, was not impressed. Smelled terrible. The panang curry was good but I wasn't given rice soooo soup?
Ordered spring rolls too, they were okay. 
The fried rice was such a disappointment!!!!!!The food here is wonderful! The vegetable pad thai is my favorite but I have branched out for a few other dishes and have never been disappointed. The owners are very friendly and provide great service whether you are dining in or carrying out. The price for entrees is a dollar or two more than I would like, but I always get at least two meals out of the pad thai and it is so good that I look past the price!Awesome awesome food!!!  Honestly the best curry I've ever had.Saw a review that this restaurant had been closed.  Here is the recent health inspection report, dated 12/1/17.  The idea that they served food under these conditions is mind boggling. It appears they have since had another inspection and may have corrected these problems.   Unfortunately, that does not inspire confidence.
"Violation of Code: [46.281] -Open foods and sauces stored on and under shelving with large accumulations of piled mouse feces. 
-Active serving spoons and scoops stored in soiled stagnate water in food prep area.  New Violation.
Violation of Code: [46.981(k)(l)] Visible physical evidence of rodent (severe mouse)/ insect (roach) activity observed in the food prep and basement areas.
-Live german roaches observed behind refrigeration units and inside door seams/jams.  New Violation."
To get news on closed restaurants and links to inspection reports, go to philly.com, click on "Health," then "Clean Plates."
Link to health inspection report:
http://pa.healthinspections.us/_templates/551/RetailFood/_report_full.cfm?inspectionID=CD26E87C-5056-A20B-FAC39AB5E96718F1&domainID=551&userID=0I should probably preface this review by saying that I only have ever tried one Thai dish.. Drunken Noodles. That being said, Phu Fha Thai delivered one of the best Drunken Noodle dishes I have ever had. The place is a little dumpy and could use a face lift, but the food is.. Mmmm. We wanted Thai food but didn't feel like driving to our normal place, Erawan Thai, in Center City. My laziness ended up in us finding this awesome neighborhood gem. We started off with the chicken dumplings, which were DELICIOUS. The dipping sauce (It could have been from Walmart, who really knows) was phenomenal and the dumplings were perfectly stuffed and cooked. My boyfriend's chicken Pad Thai gave a huge portion with ample bean curd and chicken. My drunken noodles were amazing. If you are a spice buff like me, you should try the Drunken Noodle dish with beef and spice level 5. They typically do spice levels 1-5 with 1 being not spicy and 5 being the portal to hell. If you are ever in the neighborhood.. give this place a try. I read a review saying that a couple found cockroaches in the menu (gross, right?), but the place was pretty clean when we went inside. Dated, yes.. but not dirty.I spent 3 mos traveling through Thailand and this spot is pretty authentic. Always great meals here and wonder why it's not packed with people. Make sure to get the Papaya Salad, chicken Larb and Kao Soi dish (pretty good with beef).If you're a Thai food lover (and I definitely am, having lived there for a few years), you will love this little gem across from the Dunkin Donuts on Ridge and Leverington in Roxborough. I had the lemon grass soup, piping hot and bursting with flavor and lots of chicken and a special for the evening that was a Thai crepe filled with shrimp and vegetables and fried egg. Yum! My husband got the spicy basil dish with several big shrimp and definitely worked up a good sweat! The staff was extremely friendly and rushed to get our food, so that it was very hot when it arrived. Please go and visit this great yet inexpensive little restaurant so that it will stick around our neighborhood!ONE OF MY FAVORITES!!! I am Cambodian; Thai food and Cambodian food have similar origins and tastes. This Thai food is as close as I can get to my home, near my home. I've ordered curries, and they were delicious, especially with the vegetarian options which include more veggies and tofu. I've also ordered the other noodle dishes, and they were fantastic as well. The crab dumplings are also a guilty pleasure, and nothing compares. The food I believe is very cared for, despite being more of a take-out joint on this end of town. Yes, from the outside it looks like a hole-in-the-wall with windows, but this place is truly what home feels like for South East Asians. It is a great addition to the normal pizza joints, Asian fusion, and Irish pubs around Manayunk/Roxborough area.Great small Thai restaurant located on Ridge Ave in Roxborough. FYI: They are only open for dinner. My entree portion of Pineapple Fried Rice w/Chicken tonight was absolutely delicious. I was weary when I arrived and the price was $14, but the portion was more than generous. One order can easily feed 2 people. It was packed with pineapple and chicken, stir-fried onions and cashew nuts in a garlic sauce. Sweet and savory, this dish was a hit. For the picky eater that doesn't like to get too adventurous with their food choices, this is definitely a safe pick. Take out here is quick, with about 15 min pick up times. I would definitely return.This is an ok place. The food is probably good for take-out. I have had much better food elsewhere. I won't discourage you from going, but do not keep your expectations too high.Food was decent, was made to order the way we wanted it. Good sized portions and lots of varieties and permutations with the meats. 
But, when we got our appetizers, they gave us plates that had food crumbs and sauces on them. We asked for new ones and got clean plates. We asked for a missing place setting and had to ask several times before we got it. We asked for chopsticks and the staff forgot, and we again had to ask multiple times. We ordered drinks and they forgot, and we had to remind them. 
To top things off, we sat by the windowsill that had a candle in a glass container. At the end of the meal, the glass container exploded, and hot wax got on one of our friends. Glass was all over the floors. Not a single staff member responded, even though all the other diners were alarmed. It took multiple tries of asking for ice and asking for someone to clean up the glass shards for them to do anything. 
Finally, they tried to offer us 50% off or a gift card. No thanks, we won't be coming back here.The best Thai place I've been to during my three years in Philly. It's a small, family run restaurant so you might have to wait a little longer for your food, but it is certainly worth the wait. Delicious, authentic Thai for very reasonable prices. Highly recommended!I was excited to try this place because I love Thai food and I finally convinced my husband to try it. We were very disappointed. We ordered our food at 6pm and were told it would be delivered in 20 minutes. Over 50 mins later it was finally delivered. We were charged at least $2 more per dish than the prices on the website and our food had definitely been sitting a long time. I got the crab dumplings and red curry with chicken. My husband got chicken dumplings and drunken noodles with pork. The chicken dumplings were gross, broken with wilted brown lettuce. The "crab" dumplings were filled with imitation crab and also had brown wilted lettuce. My red curry was really good, but with the overpriced late delivery, we will not be ordering from here again.Rude, unpleasant place lacking any atmosphere or warmth.  Was almost empty when we were there, yet we waited over 20 minutes to get any kind of attention.  When waitress finally came to our table, she was dismissive and nasty when we inquired what vegetarian options there were on the menu.  None.  Can't remember ever being told that at any restaurant, let alone a Thai restaurant.  She said they put meat or fist or sauce in every dish and made no suggestion that could do otherwise.  She basically said it is not a vegetarian restaurant and we should go elsewhere.  And we did.  I'm pretty flexible and understanding when it comes to vegetarianism  and don't expect a custom menu, but I have rarely encountered such an inflexible and nasty response.This place has delicious food but I do not recommend ordering it on grubhub. It is always late and I have currently been waiting over 2 hours for my meal and they just told me 20 more minutes. Not worth it.Guy at the window was nice but the restaurant itself was not appealing. I ordered drunken noodle but left because there were many flies all over the place and it made me lose my appetite. Seemed very unsanitary in there!The best version of Thai food I've eaten in Philly. Odd that it's hidden in Roxborough. 
This restaurant is the reason I wanted to sign up for Yelp years ago...I have been eating here for three or more years and when I first looked it up online, Yelp popped up with reviews for the first incarnation of this restaurant (Tang Thai) which were unfairly bad. Even with alternative cuisine choices down the hill on Main Street in Manayunk, I will pick this place above any other nearby restaurants every time.  
If you only like trendy, pompous restaurants, this is not for you (yes, that is a direct challenge). The interior is modest, but decorated with care and obvious pride. The service is outstanding, but since basically the whole operation is run by one charming family, previous reviews which note that there is only one (sometimes two) servers are accurate. If the food is ever delayed for any reason, the staff are always apologetic about it. Be patient and you will be rewarded. 
The prices are very reasonable, especially since I think it's head and shoulders above the Thai food in Manayunk, which like all food in Manayunk, comes with a trendily high price tag. Food arrives quickly and you really can't go wrong with any menu items...the vegetarian dishes are just as good as the meat versions, you could eat a whole meal of appetizers or pick a classic entree and fill up easily given the generous portions. 
For appetizers, I recommend the vegetarian spring rolls, which come with a spicy plum sauce, or the fried tofu triangles, with a light peanut glaze sauce. The coconut milk soup is a must-have on a cold day. If I'm feeling piggish, I'll order an appetizer, a main, AND the soup, because I just can't go without it most visits. 
For mains, I particularly love their chicken drunken noodles, but the pad thai with tofu is a close second. Pad see ew and lad nar are other standouts (can you tell I love noodles?). Their gravy for the lad nar is so rich and flavorful and the chinese broccoli that accompanies it is just the right level of cooked and crunchy. They also have a number of curry dishes, some with noodles and some which come with rice. 
They do not mess around with the spice, which is something else I love about this place - if you ask for it hot, you will get it hot, and they don't approach your request with the patronizing "you can't handle the heat" attitude a lot of places seem to have about spicy options. If it says three or four peppers, I want to be crying by the end of my meal, goddamnit! To that point, once my brother ordered a curry dish here that was so hot he got hiccups and had to stop eating - now THAT'S what I'm talking about! I usually end up in tears over my drunken noodles, and I wouldn't have it any other way. 
I also recommend the Thai Iced Tea or Iced Coffee. Although as a fair warning they are made with half and half and grossly indulgent, but they are SO delicious that I usually can't resist.Ok so let me start off by saying that I had gotten delivery here before a few times and I was always pretty pleased with the quality of the food/speed of delivery.
HOWEVER, my boyfriend and I ordered delivery from them last night. We placed our order over the phone. They said it would be about an hour. I get a call about 30 minutes later saying that they did not have the chicken satay we ordered...so my bf had to pick a different item off the menu. Ok, not that big of an issue, so he picks the shrimp instead. 
They get here about 45 minutes after they called me, my food was good and still pretty hot. My bf's food was a different story. His shrimp were cold and he found 3 BLACK HAIRS IN HIS FOOD. Two of which ended up in his mouth!!! Unacceptable, totally gross. If I didn't have a good experience before last night I would give it 1 star.Fairly expensive for a meal in Roxborough ($19 + tax for delivery of shrimp pad thai) but it is delicious!! The shrimp are large and succulent and the flavor is perfect. Thank you!Probably the best Thai food in the area, with a few dishes that are not so good.  I notice the takeout portions getting smaller and smaller, though.  Highly recommend the Kao Soi, massaman curry, and fried tofu.  All of their soups and salads are really good.  I am glad that they are in the neighborhood, we need more places like this in Roxborough.  I wish they opened earlier.  Parking on the block is free in the city-owned lot.Decided to get Pad Thai takeout this past Sunday. There aren't many locations to choose from around me so I thought I would give Phu Fha a try. The Pad Thai was pretty decent. I can't say it is the best I have ever had, but it did have a lot of flavors and the portion size was pretty large. I definitely made it into two meals. I would get takeout from here again. I ordered the Pad Thai Entree: Stir-fried rice noodles with egg, tofu and bean sprouts sprinkled with ground peanut. With your choice of protein and I decided to go with the beef. The entree was $10.95.Disappointing.  I love Thai food am am not particularly picky.  I ordered delivery and expected a long wait, so that was fine.  I got Massamam Curry and Pad Thai.   I requested the curry "extra extra spicy" but it was bland and as mild as could be.   The sauce was thin and kind of oily and the veggies were either overcooked (broccoli)  or undercooked (potato) .  The Pad Thai was better but I've had much much tastier.  Not recommended.i can't believe i have lived in this neighborhood for 2 years and am only just now trying this restaurant. its great! i've only ordered delivery from here twice (through grubhub both times) but each time everything we ordered was delicious. i suppose i probably didn't go out of my way to eat here just because i was judging the restaurant by its somewhat shabby appearance - a regrettable decision since i am now moving from the area. 
i read a few reviews where people mentioned the food was bland or not spicy enough...not exactly sure how that could be possible because both dishes i ordered were a delicious fiery inferno in my mouth. i literally broke a sweat. 
my only complaint is that the delivery is pretty slow. an hour delivery time seems a bit excessive, especially since this restaurant is located less than a mile away from my house.I've ordered take out from Phu Fha twice. The first time was great, everything tasted great, including the drunken noodles and several types of curry. This time, though, the tofu green curry was super watery. It really didn't have much taste at all. Also, I ordered it at max spicy, and it wasn't spicy at all. The pad thai and lemongrass soup, however, were both very good. I'll probably order from here again, but I'm afraid it's a bit hit-or-miss.Good Thai food, fast service and convenient location. And it's a BYOB. 
This place is always empty! I think it's because people don't realize that it's open for business because the previous restaurant Tang Thai closed. I recognize some of the same staff members and the menu is almost identical to what they used to offer. One of the main reasons I started going here is because there is a parking lot in the back.  It's a free public lot which makes it very convenient.  
Crab Dumplings are a good appetizer. The dish has at least eight so it's perfect to share. Chicken Pad Thai is what I ordered last time and it was a huge generous portion. I asked for to be a little spicy and boy it was. I love spicy food so I enjoyed it but it didn't taste just a 'a little spicy' haha so order with caution. 
My friend ordered the Spicy Basil Chicken and rice dish and I tried some of that and really liked it too! We had so much left over and can make lunch with it the next day. 
My only complaint about the food is that some of the dishes are a little on the greasy side but I don't come here for a lean healthy meal, I come here because it is delicious.  I gave it 3 stars because it is 'A-OK' but they have some work to do if they want a 5 star restaurant.  I'll still come back again to help them stay in business. I would be upset if they closed (again).absolutely DELICIOUS.
I literally have nothing else to say. Everything tastes amazing. Love this place, and they deliver!!Lived in Thailand 10 years and this is the best Thai food I've had in a while.  Don't miss the Khao Soi noodles, fish cakes (tod man), and papaya salad.  Delicious!DO NOT EAT AT OR ORDER OUT FROM THIS RESTAURANT! The restaurant is extremely dirty. There was trash left on one of the tables. When we received our water, the glasses were dirty and there were things floating in the water. My mother-in-law asked for a can of Diet Coke and the can she received had dirt all over the top of it. She asked the server for another can and she washed that one and gave it right back to her. The food was not good at all, and we heard the sounds of a microwave more frequently than preferred. In addition, I got food poisoning all the next day and it took me out for the entire day. This place should be surprise health inspected because this is a danger to everyone who eats from there. DO NOT GO.3.5 stars is more appropriate. Good food, low prices, big portions. My favorite dish is the hung lay pork curry. It's made with large hunks of braised pork (you don't see pork like that served as most Asian restaurants) and is very flavorful and not a dish that you see at other Thai restaurants. Other good dishes I've had: drunken noodles, pad thai, and larb salad. 
Not good: wonton soup was meh, calamari app soggy, and chicken satay was microwaved and dry. The inside of the restaurant, where you go to pick up food, is a little disheveled. 
My most annoying peeve about this place is that the last few times I've ordered I've had to wait at least 15 minutes after they said my food would be ready. Last time they said 30 minutes, I arrived after 35 minutes, was told it would be another five minutes, and ended up waiting 15 minutes. Next time I will call before I leave the house.Whoa, crazy-good thai food! We just got take out from here, and while expensive, it was some of the best take out I've had. 
We shared the chicken satay appetizer, which included 5 nicely grilled skewers, peanut dipping sauce, and pickled vegetables. Really tasty. My wife is pad thai aficionado, and she absolutely loved her chicken pad thai. I got the drunken noodles with beef (highly recommend going with beef; super tender and tasty), at a level 4 heat level (out of 5). Fantastic dish. 
My one complaint is that I think they skew the heat scale down for American palates. There really was pretty much no heat to the level 4. Next time, I'm telling them level 7!
Our meal came out to $37, which is a little steep for take out, but we both loved the food, so it was OK. Definitely recommend trying this place.I absolutely LOVE this place. You cannot beat the lunch prices. For $10 you get a soup, appetizer, and entree, AND the portions are a nice size! The staff is so sweet and friendly. Definitely a place to eat!After living in Manayunk for 3 years, my husband and I finally tried this place on a whim. I feel like we've missed out! We've driven by it so many times, but rarely saw customers so we assumed it was another Thai food dud. We were wrong! While the inside is in need of an update, the food is fresh, authentic, and flavorful! My husband is from Thailand and is difficult to please but Phu Fa delivered excellently red curry fish cakes, pad kee Mao, and lad naa. We were disappointed in how full we were from the massive portions because we wanted to keep ordering. We definitely will be returning to eat again soon!Really delicious Thai food. I wish it were a few bucks cheaper to compete with nearby Chinese carry out places and to justify ordering from here more often. Love the pad Thai.