I come here almost once a week for dinner with two of my friends and I love it! It's a small, casual space, perfect for a quick bite when I'm on Penn campus. I usually get a variation of one of their special salads, which they're more than happy to accommodate, or I'll get a salmon salad sandwich! I've yet to try their other food, but everything I've had thus far has been great, and their autumn lasagna sounds amazing!Stopped in for a quick lunch. Service very good. Food, from the basic lunch menu, was only so-so. Cauliflower soup was good, but no pieces of vegetable visible. Sandwiches just OK. Again, a decent place for lunch.This is a nice place to get a quick lunch. The menu is not very extensive but it looks like their small selection of sandwiches and salads is solid. I got the turkey sandwich and it was pretty no frills but stacked tall with a good amount of meat. With tax the sandwich came out to $8.10. They also have some to go items like cheeses and dips and run a catering side. I work at Penn and am likely to consider getting lunch boxes catered from them for a future event. A note about payment - if you're paying with card, it can take a few minutes for the staff to run it through the cc machine, so use cash if you're in a rush!While I've never been to Picnic's storefront, I have used them for catering events for my job many times and am always pleased.
For starters, Anne-Marie is incredible at what she does.  No matter what the event and who (or how many) we're serving, she always knows exactly what we need, provides multiple menu options, and delivers the very best in terms of food quality, presentation, service, etc.  She goes the extra mile to help make our events fantastic.
Because of this, Picnic is always my first choice when I have to plan an event for work.  They have catered events for small numbers (like a daytime lunch for 8 people) and large numbers (like an evening event for 150 people) and they really take a genuine interest in helping us to make the event the best it can be.
As David H writes, if you want to cater with them, it helps to schedule in advance.  That said, there have been a couple times when we were asked to host a dinner at the last minute and Picnic not only found a way in their busy schedule to make this happen, but they did so with amazing hospitality and fabulous food."Wholesome" is a great word for the food here. It's the only place around where I can get a huge piece of salmon or tuna for lunch, and I can get a pint of fresh sweet potato or broccoli to go with it if I want. Their sandwiches are also really satisfying, although I find that buying one food at a time is more fun.
I love their soups! The soup selection changes every couple of days, and they're always full of chunky vegetables. 
I definitely feel like I'm taking care of myself when I eat here, and since they're usually just scooping stuff out of a bowl or weighing a filet or making a sandwich for you, you can come in and out quite quickly, or stay in their very autumn-colored cafe and catch up with your newspaper. 
The staff is also a great reason to come -- friendly and they know a lot of their customers by name.Life's not a picnic, but Picnic's got the quick, wholesome lunch game down.
I needed to have a quick lunch meeting on my last trip to Philly, and Picnic looked like a great option close to the train station. Luckily there were open tables on a later Friday afternoon, and I went all-in due to the fact I skipped breakfast that morning.
I went for their chicken sandwich special, as well as their asparagus and goat cheese salad. The sandwich was very filling, and appropriately dressed. The quality of ingredients was unbelievably high. I remember thinking as I bit into the sandwich that every place should have the same standards for avocados: ripe, bright green, and creamy. The salad was also quite tasty, although it had a bit too much dressing and the prosciutto was a little tough to get through. I'd recommend making sure the meat is completely cut through before passing it on to service. The seeds and nuts were a nice touch too.
The environment is cozy, but it only gets the job done. We had to sit at a table right next to the bathroom, which wasn't ideal. If you're getting takeout, this is a nonissue. I'm glad to see good lunch options are still making there way close to Penn Park and 30th St Station.Superb breakfast sandwich and a very pleasant vibe.
Why can't yelp deal with a short review? Who knows? Perhaps they think quantity overrides quality. I had the sandwich. It was great. Yelp would not post the review without more content.I feel fortunate that Picnic is not particularly close to where I live, because I would be quite a bit heavier and quite a bit more broke. But I would be happy. Everything in this place looks delicious, from the simple cookies and baked goods in the case at the front counter to all of the sandwiches on their list, and the small freezer that is not to be missed containing ice cream sandwiches made with gelato. I enjoyed my tarrago chicken salad sandwich and we also got a warm sandwich with grilled chicken, cheese, and spinach in which everything was so fresh and delicious that it didn't need too much by way of sauce. The staff here is nice, and they've got cute, reasonably priced picnic baskets for sale, too.Great sandwiches and an awesome place if you're on the go. A quintessential urban soup/ sandwich establishment. Try the whole wheat pretzels if they have them.Great place to grab lunch, food is freshly made! Great selection of salads and sandwiches with great veggie options.
I enjoy the veggie quiche, its like a slice of creamy cheesy heaven :DBeen here a dozen times at least and never had a bad experience. I often spend more than I'd hoped, but that's usually because I can't bypass some delicious baked goods or a little extra serving of their delicious food. The staff is always friendly and the service is quick. Morning coffee is self serve, which is nice for people like me who like to mix half decaf & half regular.I'm definitely a fan of coming here after one of the great WXPN Free at noon concerts, and I've brought friends multiple times.
Going in, it might help to understand that you're getting a nice, fresh, organic casual meal, and not an amazing fine-dining experience. I like Picnic, but I like it even more because of how crappy the restaurants around it are; here, you pay a minimal price for great organic food. 
As for what to get, the menu changes quite often, but I really liked a chicken dish I had a while ago and a pepper quesadilla I had about a week ago; other things I've had were good and worth the $6-7 but not super-memorable.To start off, one of our only goals for our wedding was for the food to be really, really good. We love and appreciate good food, so we wanted to make sure the food was excellent. It was amazing, with the help of Ann Marie and the staff at Picnic.
For those of you who may not know, Ann Marie was the head chef at Fork when they first opened. This makes lots of sense, especially after we tried the food at Picnic. 
Ann Marie arranged for a taste testing for our wedding of 132 people. Delicious, and very generous portions- we even had some food to take home! 
We loved everything...so much so that we ended up getting 4 types of entrees: Vegetarian Fall Lasagna, Apple and Onion Stuffed and Roasted Pork Loin, Saffron Braised Chicken with Bell Peppers and Chickpeas, and the Beef Stew with Red Wine and Root Vegetables.  
For sides, we got the Herbed Moroccan couscous with pine nuts, roasted cauliflower, mushrooms, and carrots w/ sage and lemon, celery root puree, as well as a side salad with Herb Vinaigrette (that had plenty of vegetables other than just romaine lettuce and spring mix!)
People raved to us about the food, and some said it was the best wedding food they had ever tasted! Everyone loved the lasagna, non-vegetarians and vegetarians both. We happily ate more food after the wedding, and they tasted just as good at room temperature as they were piping hot.  
Ann Marie was really helpful with the planning, detailed with her questions, and thought of logistical points that we hadn't even thought of. She was easy to contact and always responded within 24 hours (or less!) 
She also worked with our budget, which we really appreciate. There was no crazy excess of food, which to me meant that she did a great job assessing the amount of food we needed to order to feed everyone. 
If you are looking for excellent, unsnobby food with great portions at a more than reasonable price, have Picnic cater your next event. Really!A really cute store decorated with lots of picnic baskets inside. There are a lot of baked goods and the store can be a little cluttered and confusing inside, but they have good and cheap options. Bagels and most of the drinks for less than 2$. Plus the staff is friendly and helpful enough.Summary: Fresh food, healthy eating!
I used to live in the building above Picnic (Left Bank), and Picnic used to be one of my foodie destinations. Picnic is a great place to get some fresh and healthy food, even when you're in a rush. They post their menus online, so it's easy to see what they have as the daily specials (http://www.picniceats.com/daily-specials/), although their standard fare is quite food as well.
The only *potential* downside is that the good food does come at a price, but for the freshness and quality of the food, it isn't too exorbitant either. Picnic uses Lokalty rewards (https://www.lokalty.com/philadelphia), which is nice since you can use your earned rewards anywhere!
Overall, check this place out - it's one of my favorites in the area!Love this place.  Great food for sit down, takeout, or even for a dinner.  The ingredient quailty is high, the staff is friendly, and the space is comfortable.  The only thing that is lacking is hustle.  The staff is slow and it can take a while to get out of there.I recently started working at XPN, the radio station at Penn. Never having worked in West Philly before, and being innately skeeved by the food trucks the kids love, I was a little nervous about my potential lunch options. 
Enter: Picnic. 
The first thing I notice about this little restaurant/take-out spot is that the people who work there are always smiling and seem to know everyone by name. And if they don't know your name, they'll ask, and introduce themselves. 
Second thing I notice is how fresh everything is. There's a cold food case along the front with picnic-y items (like gourmet potato and pasta salads, roasted veggies and single-serving desserts). There are daily soup, sandwich and salad specials, as well as everyday favorites like ceasar salad and a dijon-taragon chicken salad sandwich. They also sell an assortment of cute picnic baskets if you feel like sticking with the theme.
Everything I've ordered has been excellent. My one quibble? I wish it wasn't quite so pricey. A sandwich with a pickle and a large bottle of water runs about $8 or $9. You get what you pay for, I guess.I never look forward to lunch meetings b/c the food is either a) greasy  b) sandwich selection looks questionable or c) just looking at the food adds 5 pounds to my waistline.
However, today it has changed!  We just had Picnic caterer our lunch lunch meeting and I am a converter. The sandwich meat was freshly sliced and the parring of condiments with the sandwich, YUMMY. I had a ham sandwich with a pesto sauce, nom nom nom. In addition, a fresh fruit tray. And it was fresh, not this day or two old stuff that other caterers have served.
If you are looking for a change in pace for your lunch time needs... I suggest this place.Great place to pick up lunch near Penn. Good variety of options, as well as some relatively healthy fare. I also had a boxed lunch that they catered - the ham and cheese sandwich w/ basil mayo is fantastic, and they used quality grain bread too, not the cheap kind you usually see with "free" catered lunches. The pasta salad and chocolate chip cookie wasn't bad either.Was fortunate enough to be able to stop by here yesterday for a snack and to pick up a takeout lunch.  I've been dying to try since a friend of mine had their lasagna for a dinner party (it was a butternut squash and mushroom and it was wonderful--one of those dishes you want to recreate at home so you can have it all the time).  It was my first time at the storefront and since I hadn't had breakfast, I started with a cherry scone.  It was great, and I loved that there were tons of dried cherries in the batter.  I had a cup of tea with it and sat and enjoyed the magazine rack, which had all the latest cooking magazines.  Then I decided to get some soup and a salad--they had 2 options and I had the vegan sweet potato which I really enjoyed.  I also got a side salad with this amazing balsamic dressing--it had great flavor.  Definitely a place I hope to go back to.Sandwiches and salads here are awesome. I also like that they have a bit of a marketplace in addition to the prepared foods, which is convenient. Lunch gets pretty packed around these parts and they don't have the best organization in terms of taking orders vs. pick up space, I think just be prepared for that when you go and you'll be finePROS: Tasty sandwiches, healthy, fresh ingredients
CONS: Limited seating, slightly pricey
For a breakfast/sandwich shop in University City, this place is pretty neat. It's pricier and serves better quality food than, say, Pot Belly and/or the surrounding food trucks, and it's not too expensive. The storefront is cute, everything looks fresh, and the staff is nice. Their bread and baked goods are sourced from Metropolitan Bakery, I believe. A nice lunch spot when you're thinking of eating healthily around campus.Food from Picnic was a staple of my diet when I lived at the Left Bank. 
It's always fresh and delicious. It's the kind of food you would cook for yourself if you had time (and in my case any cooking abilities). The staff is also very friendly, which is a tremendous plus.As someone who prioritizes health and fitness but also studies at Penn, it can be a total nightmare finding reasonably priced healthy food on a campus filled with pre-packaged garbage.  Enter Picnic!  This place is healthy food, served at a fair price (not over-prices, but healthy wholesome food is just more expensive in general), by friendly people, and fast.  I love the flank steak with caramelized onion and the salmon salad with dill dressing.  Highly recommended.  I love the food, and it is easy to eat pales, vegan, gluten free, or whatever here.  Definitely going to be a regular!I was first introduced to this unassuming shop while walking up Walnut Street on my way to my job at Penn. Picnics are my favorite outdoor pastime and a peeking inside this shop, it was exactly what I hoped it would be: a place to pick up delicious and travel-friendly sandwiches, salads, and other treats. They also sell picnic baskets, making it the ideal stop before a trip to a park. 
In the several times I've ordered from them, the always-changing seasonal menu has been consistently fresh, high quality, and perfectly seasoned. I appreciate that there are always several vegetarian options, too. Portions are well-sized, reasonably priced, and better quality than what you can get at other locations in University City.
I've never ordered catering from Picnic, but my office sometimes uses their catering for events. When that's the case, it doesn't matter if I know the person retiring or holding a lunchtime meeting--I'll be there!Anne-Marie and her staff were nothing short of outstanding in catering our wedding this past Saturday. The communication was exemplary and the prices were very reasonable. All of our guests raved about the delicious food and we had plenty of options to present to them. All of the staff were professional and courteous and really helped us have such a special day. Highly recommend for any catering needs.Picnic has a good selection of high-end deli food, but what really bothers me with this place is they're just not nice. Everything they do is to make a few cents more from you.
I've been there twice now, and both times I left feeling full (food is okay) but just cheated. Today, I went to grab a breakfast sandwich, and after I paid, I asked for a slice of tomato to be added. Joan (not her name) said it was 50 cents, which is expensive for a slice of tomato, and after I returned with 50 cents, Sam (not his name) clarified that it was actually 54 cents and I had to go back to find 4 cents. After Joan brought out my sandwich, I asked her for a bag, and she gave me such a look of disdain, I literally though she was going to charge me for the extra bag. This experience is so similar to what happened to me the first time I was there there that I just don't like going here. 
Picnic just .. nicks and picks at you. It's exhausting.The food at Picnic is always fresh and delicious! It is a bit pricey but you pay for what you get and you are definitely getting high quality food. The service is always good, even when the place is packed! The only complaints I have, if you even want to call them complaints, are:
1. They don't have egg whites.  They have so many options but I was surprised to find no egg whites. Disappointing.
2. It's not open Sunday's. 
Besides that, I have nothing but wonderful things to say about Picnic.Can be very healthy with good soups, salads and sandwiches. Everything has been super fresh and delicious! They also have an array of baked goods and ready-made cooked foods. Not a lot of seating inside, but perfect for carry-out. Cost is higher than some restaurants nearby, but the freshness and food quality makes up for it.Wow, this place is delicious!  I went today for the first time and now I want to eat every meal there!  I got the soup and salad combo with the larger soup and it was only $5.75.  The soup (sweet potato) was delicious and the salad was fantastic-no gross iceberg lettuce or pink tomatoes!  It had a spring mix base with cucumbers, cherry tomatoes and red and yellow peppers.  Plus the vinaigrette was awesome-super flavorful with lots of herbs and garlic.  YUM!  I will be back as soon as possible!My co-workers and I love this place. They have HUGE salads and great daily specials. During the wintertime, it's worth the cold walk there to get a hot cup of tomato soup. They have good to-go options too.Picnic is a complete Picnic service, save the lawn. The first time we went here we got  an antique basket and filled it with salads, sandwiches, warm foods, lemonade, chips, everything... And now we use the basket every time :) They give convenient take-out containers and generally portions are for two.
They're not unreasonably priced, offer quality, unique foods, and everything is almost always delicious. The only thing I  was ever disappointed with was a spinach salad. I really love their quiche, cucumber/feta/tomato/onion/chickpea salad, and any of their spinah salads with bacon :) :)
They also offer banging potato chips, like Rosemary Olive Oil? YUM.
And perfectly festive beverages, like lemonade or fizzie lizzies. :)
When I don't have time or motivation to make a picnic myself, they go above and beyond, with quality food that tastes at least as good as making it yourself. Bring on the pasta salad and a sunshiney day :)
Friendly, helpful staff that will heat things or take special orders for certain foods if you'd like.Picnic is a great place. I'm not always a fan of their prepared dinner foods, but their pesto is incredible!! And only $5! The coffee and baked good prices are very reasonably priced. Their oatmeal is AMAZING!I go here fairly often for lunch and always enjoy it. The food is always fresh and tasty and the service friendly. I've enjoyed a wide variety of eats here, from sandwiches to salads to soups to baked goods, and they've all been equally delicious. Picnic is small, so seating is tight inside, but they also have some outdoor seating.Love this place. It's friendly and clean. Spaces are limited, but the point is to go on a picnic, right?!
I love coming in for coffee and something from the breakfast case. But that credit card minimum gets me every time. It's alright, because whatever else extra I buy is still going to be delicious.
I've had the bagels, egg sandwiches, morning glory (how much parfait can you fit in a cup?!). And the sandwiches, salads, soups. How do I say this -- whether or not it's a psychological thing, the food tastes fresh! It feels like the food *does* taste a million times better just because it's organic and Picnic has a good relationship with local farmers. I love that they have a new menu for each day depending on what's available. Granted, I don't go every day to see if everything changes, but it seems pretty frequent.
Also for sale - cool drinks here in the refrigerated case. A variety of cheeses and fruits on sale as well as homemade ice cream sandwiches (always sounds like a good idea but $3.50 is a bit more than I'm willing to pay for). You can get Ritter chocolate, organic imported pastas and high-quality jams and nutella and honey. My palate isn't refined enough to tell the difference between those and the ones I'll find at the grocery store, but I guess it's nice to know that someone's got that market covered.
I've never gotten anything from the fridge case. Feels weird to me to buy cold, refrigerated foods like lasagna or vegetables but doesn't seem to deter the other customers. Also, I find the biscuits a bit dry. It makes me sad because I sometimes, I just want a good biscuit, and I can't find another place that's going to give me a single biscuit to-go in all of Philadelphia.
All this to say... great place! Nice concept and execution, reliably friendly service. Chill place even on such a busy bridge.Found this place because of google, and followed through with going to it because of Yelp reviews. So glad I did! It's a small little joint with amazing food. A majority of it is homemade and fresh (impossible to find these days!)  The service is incredibly quick (minutes!!!) and incredibly friendly. I ordered the hot chocolate and a bagel with their fresh, homemade vegetable cream cheese and both were really fantastic! I really enjoyed this place - will definitely visit again!Stopped in for a quick lunch. Overly impressed with the menu choices - and fresh and local? YAY. 
Most take out locations in the area serve greasy, overly processed, uninteresting food. Not Picnic. The menu offered fresh, natural food for a reasonable price.  
I will certainly return!**CATERING REVIEW**
I can't say enough good things about my catering experiences with Picnic. Anne-Marie has catered quite a few work events for me. I usually find something to worry about, but when I use Picnic I don't worry at all. The food always arrives on time and the quality is fresh and delicious. They even take time to set up the entire spread for me, so I can run off and worry about other things. In addition to my main spread, they were also able to create gluten-free and vegan boxed lunches for my visitors with dietary restrictions.
During our last interaction I was sent an updated invoice after my event. Usually post-event invoices include additional charges. Anne-Marie told me she had used 3 table cloths instead of the 5 listed on my original invoice. She updated my invoice to reflect the difference. In the frenzy of my event I hadn't noticed, but I thoroughly appreciated the honesty and professionalism.
Food-wise, my favorite items are the chicken salad on a fluffy croissant and the pasta salad. I look forward to working with Picnic in the future and highly recommend them to others.This is a solid option if you're looking to get a cup of coffee before or after a hockey game at the Class of '23 across the street.  The food is decent as well, albeit somewhat overpriced.  
It's a nice place to sit over lunch and read a magazine or newspaper (they have a great collection on the rack in the corner).Picnic has been very good to me so it's about time I did a review. 
This is, and has been for almost 4 years, my go-to coffee shop and fairly regular lunch spot. 
Extremely friendly service and exceptional freshly prepared food. Picnic is not just the name, it's sort of the ethos. Picnic baskets decorate the shop which is dominated by a large refrigerated case that houses the freshly prepared menu, which changes daily. Everything from hearty dinner entrees (grilled chicken, flank steak, meatloaf) with sides (mac+cheese, lasagna, fresh veggies) just to name a few of the rotating selections. Everyday there are three sandwiches and three salads and of course, always, the tuna or chicken salad. 
The prices are about right for the quality of the food - on par with what you would pay at Au Bon Pain or somewhere like that but heads and shoulders better. 
Picnic does catering as well - also highly recommended. (the cookies!!!)
Definitely the place to grab lunch or dinner to go in University City.This is a cute place for lunch or a lunch date. They also have picnic baskets on display for purchase. The food is reasonably priced and the staff is extremely friendly.Picnic is a great little eatery in University City. Looking for a salad I browsed some online sites and found Picnic. Inside is sort of small but there is also some nice quaint outdoor seating as well. Picnic's menu is always changing and is written on a chalk board behind the counter. I got a Asian  & Noodle Salad and was blown away by how good it was. My friend got a Greek Salad with feta cheese and the portion was so large she couldn't even finish it (thats never a bad thing eh?). 
One of the best qualities of Picnic is that,  much like its name, it caters for large parties. They have excellent entries and sides as well.Picnic was our first meal in Philly! For our second wedding anniversary, we picked out this place from Yelp - close to where we were staying, it was a quick walk to such yummy food. 
I really love the idea of the place - picnic food is some of my favorite kind of food! I couldn't resist the homemade mac and cheese sitting in the case. My husband got a chicken breast and bacon sandwich, and I got the romaine lettuce salad with a honey mustard dressing, Gorgonzola, and pecans. It was heavenly! I was initially bummed at getting a salad - it's my anniversary after all, I want to be decadent! But it was so rich and flavorful - I was not disappointed at all. The mac and cheese was creamy and delicious. My husband reportedly loved his sandwich too!
The staff was super friendly - the guy working behind the counter was really personable and helpful. The restaurant itself is a bit small on the inside but really cute, and the food they serve is easy to take away back to wherever you are...it is picnic food, after all.
We ended up grabbing some falafel chips (amazing) and homemade hummus from the case to take back to the bed and breakfast for later. We also grabbed some homemade ice cream sandwiches (chocolate chip cookies with chocolate and vanilla gelato in between!) and two big pieces of fall harvest lasagna. 
I can't wait to come  back to Philly to sample more treats from this place.The service is good and fast. Nothing spectacular but nice for a quick bite around town.Good food. Bad ordering/checkout system. It's like they are not expecting people to hand them money or credit cards after they place an order. If more then 2 groups of people are in the store at the same time trying to order and pay , the whole system breaks down. Any register system that also requires someone to write the whole order down and then punch it all into a register AFTER the food is made but BEFORE people yadda yadda.. upgrade yer register guys! :)The two specialty sandwiches I've had here were both amazingly fresh and delicious. I can never pass up goat cheese... Today while waiting for my sandwich, I browsed the other items they sell.. the picnic baskets are adorable, vintage-esque if not truly vintage, and cost between $20-40. Bags of LaColombe coffee are between $9-10, which is less expensive than other places I've seen. Unfortunately, I only go here when I want to treat myself..and if Ajia is closed.. just too expensive for routine lunch outings.
Two negatives: the price, and breakfast stops being served at 11am (I would eat breakfast for every meal, if I could.)Cute hidden gem on the edge of Drexel and Penn campuses.  Lots of great dishes and sides.  I had the tilapia and mac n cheese.  Yum!  It is a pretty small seating space inside and the biggest table abuts the bathroom, FYI.  I enjoyed my meal here and our group shared dishes.  Everything was great; I will be back! :)I was very underwhelmed with the quality of the food. The staff was so obnoxious that I was almost tempted to leave after paying for my sandwich and waiting for it to come out. Also they put the hot sandwich in a plastic container- it'd be nice if they switched to paper for hot food. With so many great breakfast spots in town, I know I will not return.Great little Cafe.   Excellent mix of breakfast items,  and very friendly staff. 
They are mostly a "take out" place,  but there are a few chairs / tables to sit. 
Quality food and baked goods. 
Nice place to stop for coffee and a bite to eat if headed to the University City area, or not too far from 30th Street Station.I love this place!! 'Bout time I gave props.  Been going here for a while now since it's so close to me. 
I happened onto it when I was looking for a good place for salads, sandwiches and the like.  It's sorta obscure location-wise.   It's basically right next door to the Left Bank Condos on Walnut St.  
It's not too spacious inside.  There are a few tables inside and outside, and there are some seats by the window as well, which can be cool when you want to eat and people watch.
So lets see.  The menu is usually different each day.  At the counter there are printed sheets of the lunch and dinner menus and then there is a giant chalk board thingy too with the selections.  There is a large refrigerated display area, where you can see some of the dishes that most people just get pints, quarts etc. to take home with them (I'm a big fan of this)
On the menu there usually are soups and salads and a few sandwiches daily  to choose from.  The day I went recently, I picked up a pan seared salmon filet with ginger basil sauce, and spinach sauteed with lemon and garlic.  This was great. Not the best, but good. It's all about convenience people.  
If you are looking for a place with different daily menus, and fresh take out options, this is your place.  The staff is always friendly.  Lunch is rather busy, with limited seating.  But for take out it's the bomb!!Literally every salad I have ever gotten at Picnic has been the best salad I've ever had. Every time.Simply put:  wonderful place, friendly service, excellent food.  I'm always looking for an excuse to get to Picnic for a meal.  I really enjoy the cozy unpretentious atmosphere.   I usually get their salads because the prices are excellent considering how much you get, and that all the ingredients are super fresh.  I also appreciate their changing and inventive (not to mention super yummy) combinations of ingredients that make them much more than a run of the mill salad.  This place cares about the quality of the food and service, and it shows.  It's perfect for healthy, homemade, delicious food.  Thanks Picnic!!!!We just had Picnic cater and serve a birthday party for 40 people. We chose items from the menu that sounded great (no tasting in advance), trusted Ann-Marie's advice, and the result was splendid. We had seven different hors d'oeuvres. The endive filled with smoked trout was the winner, with smoked salmon and horseradish cream a close second.  Robert the bartender did a fabulous job and we can't imagine hosting 40 guests without him.  
From start to finish, Picnic was superb. Highly recommended!Picnic. Easily one of my favorite words. To me, it means taking some snacks, eating outside, and enjoying the meal with friends.
This is a great place for lunch in University City, or as its store name implies, a place where you can grab a last-minute dinner or some snacks to bring to your meeting back in the office. My absolute favorite is their Dijon Tarragon Chicken Sandwich. Simple, amazing, refreshing, and right up my alley! 
While waiting for your order, browse around to see what hidden surprises they have in every nook of their store. Assorted dips, gourmet popcorn, chips, trail mix, picnic baskets, and extremely friendly service. 
Huge fan of this place!I had their chicken salad with gorgonzola for lunch, what an incredibly tasty, healthy, amazing meal. Can't wait to come back!After a year in California the food that I missed the most was the fresh soups, salads and sandwiches at picnic.Stopped by here for dinner after finding out that the Fat Ham is closed on Mondays and am definitely glad I did! Warning that the front door is extremely heavy and it took me a good 3 tries to actually get in, which probably gave the employees here a good laugh. On the plus side, they have a pretty big menu and their portions are large! Split a chicken sandwich and shrimp salad and both were very delicious and fresh.For a business who claims to be all about supporting locally sustainable farms, their lack of green packaging is a huge disappointment. I can't tell you the number of plastic containers that have filled my recycling bin at work in the last year. As a loyal customer, I brought my concern to the attention of the manager. But I'm afraid nothing has changed. Surely green packaging is not too big an ask?I arrived at this place only because the sushi spot next door was closed. I'll probably only go back for that exact reason. Yes, this place is friendly, but I was really unimpressed with the food. I had the salmon salad, and it tasted fairly bland. I was expecting varieties of fresh vegetables and combinations that would inspire me to try something new. Instead, the limited menu seemed to offer a couple of dishes I could make myself. For the price you pay at Picnic, I'd recommend going all out at one of the local food trucks instead.Black eyed pea soup is vegan and delicious. The staff is super friendly and fast. I'll be back for more!Picnic has quickly become my favorite lunch spot in the city. I'd eat here every day if I could. Here's why:
The ingredients are fresh. Like, noticeably, remarkably fresh. Almost every single thing I've ordered here has been exemplary. Crisp lettuce, moist bread, flavorful peppers, crispy sprouts... My knee jerk order is the turkey sandwich, but the salads are huge, always delicious, and often bold and interesting combos.
The menu items rotate every day based on what was available from local organic distributors. But you will never go wrong with the turkey sandwich. And if you add bacon, you will probably flip out. Fair warning.
The owner and employees are all nice, and always helpful. The food comes out relatively fast, and there's a decent view from the sidewalks of West Center City's skyline (though inside it's pretty basic, cafe-y, with little details like vintage picnic wear on the walls to sell the theme.)
They also sell premade dinner items, but I've yet to try any of them. The mac and cheese always looks incredible, and I have every intention of buying some soon.
Do take note: the door is hard to open. The first time I visited here, I thought it was locked at first. It's not. There's some kind of weird pressure differential pushing/sucking the door closed. Just pull like the champion you are, and get at the kick ass lunch before you!Only ate here for breakfast, but a good solid choice. They did a very nice turkey egg & cheese sandwich and the bagels were nice and fresh. The morning starter was also good with yougurt and granola, etc. 
The lunch items looked even better. Its small inside (probably can seat 10-15) so don't expect a lingering meal there. But a good place near the Penn campus for a visit.My husband and I hired Picnic to cater our late-September wedding, and we couldn't be more impressed with the customer service, communication, and quality. Owner Anne-Marie responded within 24 hours to our calls and emails and was very accommodating to our (minor) requests, such as changing the color of our tablecloths about a week before the wedding. Her rates are very reasonable, and we never felt nickel-and-dimed; in fact, she didn't even require a deposit, and we paid in full on our wedding date. We visited her University City storefront about a month before the wedding to sample our desired dishes and left with full and satisfied bellies.
We had a relatively low-key, no-frills buffet-style event with 75 guests and were more than satisfied with paper tablecloths, heavy-duty paper plates, paper napkins, and plastic cutlery/cups that Picnic provided (This was our choice; you can opt for fancier dinnerware). 
Our appetizers included cucumber cups filled with Greek salad, corn fritters with guacamole and salsa (my fave!), Moroccan-spiced lamb meatballs with cucumber yogurt sauce, phyllo triangles filled with spinach and feta, and crisp wonton cups filled with sesame vegetable salad. These were all so delicious, they could have served as the main course if we had more! 
Our entrees included cold poached salmon with creamy basil sauce, Mexican chicken lasagna, and vegetable lasagna (the best I've ever had; just STUFFED with delicious veggies!); our sides included eggplant chickpea salad, sage roasted sweet potatoes, and a green salad with pumpkin cumin vinaigrette.
We opted for coffee and tea service after dinner and had Picnic provide espresso cream cheese brownies and coconut pecan bars for dessert. (We weren't expecting to ask Picnic to provide dessert, but we sampled these treats in person and couldn't resist having them for our guests!)
Anne-Marie met my husband at our Mt. Airy wedding venue a few weeks before the event to check out the layout, kitchen area, and available tables. This was her idea, and it put our minds at ease knowing that she would be familiar with our venue and its accommodations instead of arriving blind on the wedding day. On the day of, she and her associate arrived on time and worked lickety-split to arrange the tables and prepare the food. We had a unique situation in which the dinner tables had to be set up after the ceremony, and they wasted no time in arranging the space and getting food in everyone's hands. Clean-up was fast and efficient.
Our guests raved about the food, and we were delighted to have some leftovers for ourselves, since we barely had time to eat between all the photos and well-wishes. (I still have fantasies about that veggie lasagna!) Our bill was less than $2,500 (*we provided beverages and alcohol on our own) for seven hours of service and all this amazing food. We are VERY pleased with Picnic, Anne-Marie, and her staff.One word: disappointing. My gf and I stopped here after a free noon show at the World Cafe. We shared two sandwiches: a chicken salad and a salmon salad. The salmon was the better of the two, but that isn't saying much. Both were lackluster -- which was surprising because I usually am pretty forgiving toward foods slathered in mayonnaise! The other disappointment was the service. The woman who took our order seemed bored and vaguely annoyed by our presence. Ok, fine. Believe me, I know service jobs can be a drag. But she and her colleague were also oddly ill-informed about their product. They couldn't provide a straight answer about whether their bread was made in-house or where it was sourced. I know that sounds like a snooty foodie concern. But a place that markets itself as "gourmet" should make sure their employees know this kind of stuff.Picnic catered our wedding, and they were fantastic!
It was a challenge to find a wedding caterer that was both good and reasonably affordable.  I didn't see many reviews about Picnic's wedding catering online anywhere, but I got a good vibe after I met with Anne-Marie (who runs it), so we decided to take the plunge and book them.  I'm so glad we did.
At our wedding Picnic served a variety of heavy hors d'oeuvres that tasted delicious and fresh: sate chicken, little beefy things, some crunchy bites for our vegan friends, and all sorts of other goodness. They also set up a bunch of party trays.  Not only was the food spectacular, but Picnic helped make sure the event ran smoothly by dealing with a lot of logistical things like table and chair rentals plus bartending.
Anne-Marie is a great person to work with -- responsive and to-the-point, exactly the kind of caterer you need when you're trying to organize a big crazy event like a wedding.  I probably sent her a million emails with questions about various things, and she always answered clearly and kindly.  Just having her and the other staff members there took such a weight off our shoulders -- we could concentrate on getting married and trust that Picnic would do a good job.  
Definitely look into Picnic if you're planning a Philly wedding!!The food here is fresh and tasty but everything is a little pricey (~$8).
The Poached Shrimp Salad is a blend of pineapple, spinach leaves, shrimp, and cashews. The flavor is very much dominated by the sweetness of the pineapple, but it's still pretty good overall.
The Grilled Chicken salad consists of chicken, croutons, and ball tomatoes. The best part about it is the chicken really: it's exactly as tender as it ought to be.
The Romaine salad is pretty plain, with only pecans I think added. It's a little cheaper, and a solid choice, though I think the chicken is a better deal in general.
The Farmer salad is pretty tasty. It's a combination of ham, egg, and tomato. Everything was memorably fresh about it.
The coffee is from La Colombe which is always good, but they brew it in canisters that you serve yourself from, which seems to always reduce the flavor. It is cheaper than most places I've checked, but honestly I don't mind paying for quality.
My favorite deal though is probably the soup and salad combo though-- for less than any of the salads, you get a small tasty salad and a reasonably sized bowl of delicious soups.
Lastly, though I've yet to try anything, they serve more savory dishes at the counter by the pound (presumably, for people who actually plan to picnic). Some of it is a bit expensive, but most are about $8 a pound, which seems like a good deal to me provided I was in the mood.
The wait can be a little long even if there is no line given that they make everything fresh, but otherwise I think they're doing things right.Had a huge, awesome , fresh grilled chicken salad with homemade garlic honey vinaigrette here for lunch. Quality and quantity for your dollar is always sweet. I enjoy sitting outside here for tea on a nice day, too. Lost 2 stars for not having any allergen info (weird for an organic place) and the person who took my order didn't offer to check with the cook. I had to cut some things off the salad just to be safe, but it was still very good. Service could be stepped up!I eat at Picnic almost daily since it is in my apartment building.  The baked goods are very fresh and made on premises.  I highly recommend the muffins - they are always interesting and tasty.
For lunch it can be a bit crazy because all sandwiches and salads are made on demand.  The sandwiches and salads are the best choices.
The food in the fridge case is not bad and sometimes there are some awesome dishes.  But relative to the sandwiches and salads, these dishes can't compete!I LOVE THIS PLACE! I frequented this place a lot this year, but I forgot about it over the summer. It wasn't until I walked directly past it the other day that I was reminded of the deliciousness that lies inside. This place is super casual, with a few indoor tables and bench seating for dining and also outdoor tables for when the weather is more forgiving. The rotating salads here are pretty great and while the prices seem a little steep, the portions are humongous so you won't leave feeling like you've lost more than you've gained. When there isn't a rotating salad that piques my interest, I always opt for the smoked salmon salad sandwich. Don't knock it until you try it my yelp friends, this smoked salmon salad is great. The smokey flavors, light on the mayo, mixed with celery and herbs to break it up are a great combination. I've also enjoyed a single serving of this on a nice bed of lettuce with their white balsamic dressing (my favorite dressing of theirs) and thought it was really delicious. This place is never overly crowded, but every person that I've recommended it to enjoys it as much as I do, so I know I'm right in saying that you can't go wrong with this place.Waiting for a train in Philly and needed food. Best decision I made was to come here. Incredible food and service. Grilled chicken sandwich and salmon were incredible. Highly recommend the lemon square too.I have been ordering catering through Picnic for work for the last 5 years, and never once have they disappointed! Ann Marie is a gem! She is reliable and very professional. The food is delicious and reasonably priced for what you get. I often tell her what I am looking for and she whips up a fantastic menu that fits in my budget. 
Call her for catering, you will be very happy you did! (but call early, because she books up quickly!)
I don't eat at their restaurant often because it is a bit out of my way, but when I do, I always get the gazpacho (when it is available) because it is SO DELICIOUS!I've ordered catering from Picnic several times and not only is the food above average for boxed-lunch-style fare, it's also neatly packaged and always ready to go on time.  I don't think I've ever had a complaint with their food or service.  Catering aside, I've only stopped into their (convenient) location on Walnut St a couple of times for myself and on this morning's stop I fell in a little bit of love.  Who knew that something as simple as a sesame seed bagel (toasted perfectly) and lightly covered in salmon cream cheese could cause such an amorous outburst. Oh, did it ever. I think I may have just added another stop to my morning routine!I lived near this restaurant, so I came here fairly often. I don't think that it is worth the hype or the high prices. I do appreciate their mission to buy fresh and local, especially when located in a large city. 
Recommendations:
Bagel with lox/cream cheese/tomato and onion= very filling and delicious with some morning coffee
Homemade Granola= apple nut or maple cranberry
Butternut Squash soup= not quite as creamy as I expected, but warm and filling
Quiche= one of the raved about menu items, just alright
Smoked turkey or Grilled chicken sandwich
* I bought their baked and spiced pita chips several times. These are really GREAT! They have rosemary and olive oil. Also, the homemade chocolate chip cookie vanilla ice cream sandwich is pretty good.I adore Picnic. The staff is always very friendly and accommodating - a perfect pairing to the delicious food. I've never been disappointed by a single thing on the menu. I like that they mix staple items with new fare on a regular basis. For the amount of food given and the quality, I'd say the price is totally worth it. You're guaranteed a nice, relaxing meal with no rush. It'd be great if there was more seating, however. Thankfully come Spring, they open up the front for outdoor seating. Oh, and the lemon squares are the best I've had in the city. Cheers, Picnic!I remembered from last semester how sometimes the people were rude, but there was always that one happy person behind the register enough so that I thought it was just a fluke. 
But it's consistent across the servers who's going to be rude to you and who's going to be nice -- today there were three people behind the counter and the only person who wasn't rude to me was the one who didn't take my order. 
The service is selectively welcoming, they'll smile and joke with their favorite regular customers but will act like it's ridiculous for me to ask "what's in the potato chowder" and grimace and trail off before they even finish their sentence as if they're too disgusted to even try to answer and not even try to make eye contact.
I wouldn't recommend this place if you want to be treated nicely by the people giving you your food, unless it's that one friendly nice lady who likes to bond with fellow left-handed people. Today's lunch wasn't worth the money.I discovered this place while visiting Philly on a business trip and my only regret is that I found it the night before I left to go home. Wow this place was great and if I would have known about it earlier in the week, I'd probably have been here a couple times more. 
Cool restaurant inside with the whole picnic theme. Their menu has a wide selection and they also have the daily specials which change and are displayed in the glass case by the register.
I decided on the Sundried Tomato Pesto Turkey pita, the broccoli and sweet potatoes. All were fresh and had great taste. I loved the Sundried Tomato Pesto that they put on the pita; it had a really interesting taste. 
This place seems to be know as a lunch place but they are perfect for a light dinner as well. Definitely give this place a shot!I found this place by accident a few years back; I was on my way to a show at World Cafe Live and popped in for a quick bite to eat. Years later, it became my go-to for a lunch date with friends. Their sandwiches are tasty, with interesting and delicious flavors and varieties. The mac and cheese, however, takes the cake. Crunchy on top and warm in the middle, it's my favorite item on their menu! Would definitely recommend this place!Unfortunately, I was led astray by the positive ratings for Picnic.  We came here for lunch & ordered some sandwiches.  
Chicken salad was bland & the chicken was dry and overcooked. 
Smoked salmon salad was a little more flavourful, but only okay overall.  
The worst part is that the bread seemed old rather than fresh, as it was dry on the inside (we had kaiser and multigrain roll).  That was pretty disappointing, since I generally think it's hard to mess up bread.  Ah well.
Service was standoffish.A reasonably priced place to get tasty organic food. I had the chicken sandwich, and it was excellent. The desserts were also very good. I heavily recommend the pecan brownie, heated up of course. Definitely a great stop for a quick bite.A thank you letter...
Dear Picnic,
I want to thank you for the wonderful service, excellent food, and overall great experience I had planning, and then eating, the picnic we set up for me and my girlfriend for our anniversary. The beautiful basket you recommended for me was well received. 
The food was delicious! The quinoa and chick pea salad, and spelt and cucumber tabouleh were perfect together. The grilled vegetables were a huge hit. We enjoyed the chili spiced nuts and hummus. The fresh fruit was so tasty.
Thank you to Ann Marie, Robert, and the rest of the team. You made our day special!
Warm regards,
Tom D.