Great place! The coffee is really solid. I've been a few times now and the staff are consistently friendly and competent. I like the quiet vibe-most coffee shops are too loud and crowded to really study or read.I'm a coffee brat and a coffee snob. I was eager to try out their whole beans and take them home. Place looks groovy, with a cool urban sheen.  They close at 6 PM on Mondays. I got there at 5:53 and they had already closed up shop. I hope they make it big and they have lots of success.Love this new coffee shop in Manayunk!!! I have tried the latte, iced latte, pour over and iced coffee. I have also tried the rosella and silver needle tea, which are great hot and iced. The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable. I love good quality coffee and as a resident of Manayunk it is now just a walk away. If you like great coffee or tea I recommend checking this place out!!!My two drink order took foreevvvveerr and there had been no one in front of us. The latte I ordered contained way too much milk. The coffee itself is pretty good-- What little I could taste-- and the baristas are friendly. I'll give them some time then try again but I'm in no rush.Great new addition to Manayunk! The Baristas are always super friendly, helpful, and knowledgeable about their process and blends. The space is big enough with plenty of seating available. Definitely would recommend to anyone in the area looking for a great cup.I'm so happy to finally have a coffee shop at this end of Main street.  It helps that it is a delicious coffee shop.  No frills, just great coffee and a beautiful location.I firmly believe that the coffee you get here is top of its class. These guys buy raw coffee beans and roast the beans on site, and they allow the roasts to settle and evolve. This work of mastery results in a cup of espresso filled with complexities and multitudes of flavor profiles, while simultaneously delicate in its own right. The simple, yet not so simple, cup of espresso here gives me so much joy -- more than words can describe.
The lattes and mochas are all phenomenally tasty -- so much so that I come back day after day, and even miss it when I'm away.
I think there's a lot of mediocre coffee. I think what the guys do here with coffee clearly separate themselves from the masses. 
I've been to a handful of coffee shops in most large cities in the US, and I think PR carries the best coffee in the US.
*Side note: Sean is also a rising pastry chef at PR. His blueberry-white chocolate scone (did I mentioned made of scratch?), although not vegan, made me go "holy f***".Really great coffee shop-awesome environment to get some work done and enjoy a nice latte. The guy working was really nice.Dropped by for a quick macchiato.   The barista knew what he was doing.   Coffee was great.   Atmosphere good (the space used to be a restoration hardware and it shows, to PR's benefit).  I would definitely come back again.Such a great little spot! Amazing drinks and my chai latte was one I keep coming back for! And when my mom went to buy a bag of coffee, she asked what the differences between them were and the guy knew every single fact about all of the beans- I was very impressed!This is far and away the best coffee shop in the area (yes, even better than Volo). The people working here are some of the kindest we've met. The drinks are on the pricey side, but right in line with other boutique coffee shops. That said, the drinks (black coffee as well as specialty drinks) are as good as any other coffee shop we've been to in Philadelphia. They also somehow manage to be passionate about making incredible coffee, without the usual obnoxious snobbery of people working at other coffee shops.
Quality: 5/5
Value: 4.5/5
Service: 6/5It's such  great addition to the neighborhood!  Delicious coffee/espresso, friendly baristas (even though the one is a Redskins fan), and an all-around great vibe.  I've only been able to get my coffee to go the first two times I've been in, but I'm looking forward to bringing a book and settling in for some relaxation next time!The vibe and people are amazing but the coffee needs some serious help.  This could be a quick fix.  Get some good beans !!Love a good coffee shop. It's sometimes hard to get parking on Main Street but if you're in the area, don't hesitate to stop in. They have all the basics you need for a good cup of coffee or a latte or whatever. A few light snacks to go along with it but it's a great shop. 
The atmosphere is really cool. It's small and quaint but it's cute. Great meet up spot for a small group and they have two small, two person tables outside if you want to catch some fresh air or people watch. 
The guys at the counter are also so nice. I drink almond milk so my milk design didn't come out as planned but they still tried. I'll definitely stop back in when I'm around.Possibly the best Cafe mocha I've ever had in my life. Simply mind blowing.
Pleasant atmosphere, very relaxed. Highly recommendI loved my visit there.  The baristas deeply care about quality of both the coffee and its preparation.  The roast style of coffee is lighter than many other roasters in that the coffees are roasted with the intention of bringing out particular flavors in particular beans - beyond just the "coffee" taste of coffee that everyone is used to.   I think it's an excellent addition to Manayunk and I hope people take advantage of what they bring to the neighborhood.Really chill place with good coffee and lots of space. Staff is super nice!When you walk into Pilgrim Roasters, you're welcomed by a simple menu and talented baristas. Those baristas can often be seen pulling double duty and roasting fresh beans towards the back of the shop.
Those house-roasted coffee beans turn into really nice cups of coffee, espressos, and lattes. All of which can be accomplished by a pastry. Although the food menu is small, it works. It also seems like Pilgrim is working to expand this part of their offerings.
The space is clean, well organized, and often filled with folks working or studying.Enter this establishment on a fine Saturday afternoon and you will run into two fine Baristas who genuinely care about the quality of their ice. My drink was complimented with the finest free range, non gmo, gluten free ice east of the Mississippi. Great experience overall.Not a huge coffee guy but I decided to drop by. Great tasting coffee and I really enjoyed my cappuccino. Would definitely recommend.Best coffee (latte) I've had in months of travel all over the U.S. and Central America!  Friendly baristas, excellent vibe, great spot to sit and work on my laptop.  Owner super knowledgeable and obviously cares about every element that goes into each cup - from the bean sourcing to international roasting techniques to using local milk "from cows that eat grass."  I'm in love!  Off to order my second coffee.  That good.Come here for an expertly curated coffee experience! Every item on the menu is incredibly well thought out, from the quality of the tap water to the source of the coffee bean. Everyone that works here is friendly and welcoming and it's a wonderful place to do work for a bit during the day. Definitely get this place on your list to visit.Beautifully smooth. I don't know how else to describe the Cafe Mocha I just had. My husband and I have been searching for a coffee shop near us that was less Starbucks and more quaint/neighborhood-y. This place fits the bill. Anytime I order a drink that already has the PERFECT amount of sweetness without me having to add anything OR frown up my face because it's TOO sweet, I consider that a win. The space is also cool, clean, they play nice music at just the right volume (loud enough to hear but low enough not to be distracting. The two guys behind the counter were very friendly as well. I'll be back & next time I'll bring my husband.
ETA: the only thing I would change about this place are the wooden-slatted chairs and tables. Not very comfy or practical to use.Great Lattes. Great place to work for the afternoon for me. Park on the side streets for free parking. I have a home espresso setup as well the barista was happy to chat with me about and show me their high end setup. If you buy some roasted beans from them you get your latte for free as well!I came in on a hot Saturday afternoon to get an iced coffee and do a little bit of work. The barista was super friendly and knowledgeable and the coffee was delicious. The space is really nice; a lot of light and plenty of room/tables to work or meet up with friends.Still liking this place. They don't make sandwiches like other shops but they have tables. I haven't asked if you could bring your own snack but I'm assuming you could. The baristas are pleasant to talk with and it's a good vibe all around.Ow ow, coveted 5-star rating.
It has a bit of an Apple feeling to it.  All the coffee is one-size, or at least that's what I was told by the friend that I was with.  
They seem to grind and brew everything in front of you.  So not exactly the fastest at slinging the coffee but it's high-quality.  What sealed the deal for the high rating?  Kick-ass pricing for a great cup of coffee.
If you can deliver an exceptional product, in an alright/nice location, and offer a reasonable or affordable price, you've earned my loyalty.  I'm not on Main Street in Manayunk often, but if I am and in need of a coffee, I will certainly return.Wow, I'm definitely not a coffee snob, I just like a good latte every once in awhile. I usually need a bit of sugar in mine to get it down but their latte was so smooth and delicious (even with skim milk) as is that I wouldn't dare adding anything to it. 
Such a nice and open design shop. The barista asked if it was my first visit (just moved here) and he welcomed me to the neighborhood. I will definitely be spending more time here especially because it looks like a great place to study. 
Can't wait to return and enjoy more lattes.I am a huge coffee addict and was very excited that there's a new coffee shop in the area.
My husband and I got two americanos which literally tasted like water. I asked for another espresso shot but it didn't help...assume that the coffee itself is not the greatest.
Also, they need to hire more staff. There was only one guy taking orders and making coffee. He seemed very frustrated and there was a lot of dirty mugs around him.
Will not come back.Was previously a La Colombe fan for our drip coffee but Pilgrim's Columbia blend is exceedingly delicious. I used to put cream and sugar in my coffee, but the Columbia blend is perfect just by itself. Please take the time to walk down and try them instead of the plain and burnt tasting Starbuck's.Such a solid little coffee shop. Indoor/outdoor seating away from the busy part of main st manayunk. Honestly haven't had better coffee in Philadelphia. Check them out!A solid coffeehouse with good coffee and nice people. I love tgat they have refillable coffee mugs. I also like the sidewalk tables. But the inside is a nice place to sit and meet w a friend or by yourself.Nice coffee place.Good coffee nice people.However really wish they had some food options other the donuts and Croissants.Something healthy and maybe something hot would be a great addition!Very nice space with lots of natural lighting, plenty of tables that doesn't feel at all crowded. Outdoor seating available as well. Very cool they roast their own beans in house, can see the equipment in the additional space. Free WiFi and great place to get work done, not too noisy with low key music. 
Barista very cordial and made an excellent latte. I like that they source food from local vendors in the area. Had a veggie breakfast burrito that came from a local restaurant that morning. Overall, a great café that's perfect to get work done or have a casual meeting. Will likely be making it a regular and coming back soon.This is the best place to go for a cafe mocha. I dream of the mocha from here because it is so delicious. It is a little out of my way to go here, but the trip is totally worth it. The coffee shop itself is a relaxing place to stay and do work, or even read a book. Highly recommend to anyone who likes coffee!!!I've been to Pilgrim Roasters a handful of times since they've opened and so far I've been happy with everything I've tried.  The caffe mocha is my favorite drink here.  It's very smooth - never a trace of bitterness, and no need to add any additional sweetener.  Lovely art on top as well.  My boyfriend who is more of the coffee aficionado always goes for their drip coffee and gives it high praise. 
A quirk to note: all milk-based drinks I've gotten have been served at a cooler temperature than I'm used to from other coffee houses.  Not necessarily a bad thing (you can take a sip right away without burning your tongue) but just a note because your drink will become cold quicker if you don't drink it semi-speedily.
Service has been great every time I've been there.  The staff is knowledgeable, but not condescending.  Especially because I'm mainly a tea-drinker, I appreciate the wisdom they pass on to customers and the manner in which they do it.
I've always taken my drinks to go but recommend staying a while if you have the time.  The space itself is beautiful - light, open, and airy.A great new coffee shop!  The drinks are some of the best in the city.  These guys know their craft.  I've tried the espresso, cortada, cafe latte, the Costa Rican pourover, and fresh brewed iced tea, all were excellent!   A clean and classy looking place with a relaxed atmosphere and friendly and knowledgable staff.  This is my new favorite spot.Main Street in Manayunk finally has an independent coffeeshop that rivals the many found downtown.
Pilgrim offers a couple of roasts to choose from and although the flavor profiles are not listed at the counter, the barista was more than happy to provide me with a flavor profile for each of them. I decided to have a hand pour of the Ethiopian and was delighted by the low price ($3.50). The coffee was flavorful, and I sipped it contentedly as JJ knocked back an espresso. The inside is a little bare right now because they are still putting the finishing touches on the decor, but for now the large map of the world on one wall is a great focal point.
I am excited to return to watch this shop continue to grow and blossom. The fact that it's the only coffee shop at the end of Main Street that's closest to me is just the icing on the cake.New coffee shop on Main Street I have been wanting to try.  The reviews thus far touted great coffee and a quieter vibe good for studying.  On a day I was working from home I checked it out hoping to get work done and a good afternoon coffee fix.
Coffee was very good, place was clean and staff was very nice and helpful.  It was quiet and good place to get work done.  However it is not very comfortable and there is no food.  Before my coffee was finished I wanted a more comfortable seat.  I would have stayed longer and purchased more if there were something to snack on and better seating.  
Coffee is great, but will likely take it out in the future.Great location along Main Street in Manayunk. Only a few feet away from the brewery. 
I've never been a cappuccino drinker, but my friends have been egging me on to give them a try, and I was recently told that if I'm going to do it, I should do it right. Pilgrim Roasters was the place multiple friends told me to try for an amazing one, and....it did not disappoint!
I loved it, it was very tasty and light. And within ten minutes, I was on a caffeine jolt I never felt before!
I thought it was priced fair and the guy working there was very nice and pleasant to talk to.
I also like that everything comes in one standard size. None of that weird sizing name system nonsense that I can never remember like at other places.
Looking forward to grabbing more coffee there.Went to their soft opening on 6/23, so it was an introductory visit. They had free cookies but maybe that was a one-off. They had an empty shelf on one wall and I hope they fill it with goodies. That day they only had mocha as an add-on for the coffees, maybe some day they'll bring in caramel ;) Regardless, their latte was very good and I will return to see their progress or what they've updated the shop with. 
I may be wrong, but it doesn't seem like the shop would sell sandwich snacks, due to lack of space and kitchen? Looks small behind the counter. I think this is just a roasting facility that sells its prepared coffee, and snacks are just a bonus. I could be wrong. I'm sure people will update on this.Have you ever taken that first sip of your coffee and it brought a tear to your eye?
I'm having an emotional connection to my drink, compliments of Robert's barista skills. 
I requested an iced oat milk mocha but I only wanted to barely taste the essence of the mocha & Robert nailed it. 
He melted the mocha with my espresso shots and slowly and carefully poured it over my oat milk and ice so they could become a beautiful masterpiece of flavors. 
I'll be back everyday until I leave Philadelphia. 
Thank you Robert and the amazing folks of Pilgrim.My daughter works in Manayunk and told me how great the coffee was. Since I am extremely picky about coffee she picked up some beans for me. Top notch superb coffee even in my home machine. I loved that it had the date of roasting marked on the package, from only a few days previous.Pretty basic coffee shop. They don't have any speciality drinks or flavoring. Ordered a vanilla iced latte and they told me that they could give me simple syrup in place of vanilla. My latte was sooo milky. It just tasted like milk. My friend ordered a black coffee and said it was fairly mild. 
The guys there was nice the space was nice but definitely could use more options on their menu.great atmosphere. really relaxing and cozy inside. has a few tables to sit at to do work at. some outside seating for when it's a nice day. the drinks are reasonably priced and well made. the staff is helpful and accommodating. great place to work, chat with a friend or read.Cool spot - came in on a cold day and ordered a tea which was amazing. I emailed them to find out more about it and they responded right away, even pointing me to the manufacturer as I live out of town. Great stuff and great service!Tried this new place for the first time today. The staff was very friendly.  Cute atmosphere and delicious coffee. I got their iced coffee but will be back to try one of everything.Excellent place! We just went during Arts Fest and I got a tasty iced mocha and my husband got the kombucha. I've also bought beans from here and they were some of the best - a very light and nice roast.I've come here a few times now and tried everything from their lattes to their iced coffees. Their drip coffee is definitely meticulously made and thus, the result is perfection. With coffee beans roasted in house, their  lattes and cappuccinos are also simple yet delicious. 
My only dislike about this place is their iced coffee - it is unbearably sour and acidic. I normally drink my coffee black but it is just not possible to drink their iced coffee black because it straight up tastes like the Asian herbal medicine I had to drink growing up while my aunt was becoming an acupuncturist. 
Will return, and will recommend everything except their iced coffee!What a great shop! Beautiful and thoughtful design. Knowledgeable and friendly staff. The owners are super welcoming, and of course the coffee is spot on! Had an espresso, cortado, pour over, and some tea. All were amazing! Definitely worth a try.Pros : latte is good 
Cons: glacial service, I've been waiting 11minutes and counting to get a latte with an extra shot and the place is empty.Stopped by for a coffee and was pleasantly surprised. The coffee is delicious, affordable and roasted on premise. One of the owners, Dan, was super friendly and told me they just opened and are looking for ideas and getting into it slowly. Quiet place to work, simple relaxed design. I will return when in Manayunk.Incredible coffee roasted and served in a pleasant and cozy atmosphere. Will definitely be coming back!Pilgrim Roasters is a new business located on Manayunk's beautiful Main Street. Just opened fora  short time, Pilgrim Roasters will wow your taste buds and everyone -- from coffee snob to coffee virgin alike!
It is great to see a new business in Manayunk. It just reminds me that we never stop changing as people. Life goes on no matter how much we may want it to slow down or even stop. 
I know the feeling as I have recently come to a crossroads.
My son Bryan was in jail. 
It was just a few years ago when I finalized my divorce with Cynthia, the mother of my twin sons Bradley-and-Bryan (B'n'B). The boys took the divorce hard, especially as I moved to Montclair, New Jersey to settle in with my new wife, Tonya M. I made sure I spent time with B-N-B at least once a month. But time and geography made us unfortunately grow apart.
A few days ago, my ex-wife Cynthia called me. Bryan was arrested by SEPTA police and charged with illegally impersonating a train conductor. He is facing many harsh charges as a result of his actions.
I moved to Montclair to start over and to help my wife Tonya M. (an ex-felon who committed voter fraud) rebuild her life. But starting over sadly means you leave others behind.
I blame me. It is my fault my twin son decided to impersonate a regional rail employee. 
I have to be there for my sons.
I am moving back to Manayunk.
I am moving back home.
Pilgrim Roasters is a great place to enjoy coffee while your ex-wife breaks the news about your son's arrest and you feel overwhelmingly guilty for failing as a father, like you always feared.I have tried many great coffee shops in Philly and New York. Blue bottle, counter culture, la colombe, chestnut hill, elixir, reanimator, etc. Pligram Roasters has given me better espresso, and better drip. I say this as a lover of light roasts which seems to be their focus. If you want to taste single origin coffee with all of its original and complex flavors this is the place. There was a wonderful attention to detail in both the roasting and brewing of the bean. Their equipment is top of the line and their product is incredible. The ambiance is great. It's awesome that the roasting happens in view of the consumer. The staff is super friendly and have a great knowledge of the craft. They have so much awesome information to share that helps me as a customer understand better what going into the whole process of coffee making. This place makes the best coffee I have ever had and you need to go try it now.I reserve my 5 stars for a place that stands out as remarkable. The staff, setting, and vibe of Pilgrim Roasters is excellent. But that's not what brought me here today. It's for the delicious iced mocha. I drink a lot of mochas. I love them! Was my first coffee drink as kid. The mocha here is the BEST one I had out of dozens of places. Keep up the great work! I'll always come by when I'm in town.I have only had the chai latte, both hot and cold options - and it was superb. I love the chai spices but generally find them to be overly sweet. This version is not and it is so pleasurable!!! The atmosphere is so enjoyable - great tables that don't rock around and are stable - great place to do work. WIFI! My new favorite place in Manayunk!!Delicious, strong, flavorful coffee. I got an iced almond milk latte and it was just perfection!Believe the hype! The fact that they roast it on site makes a huge difference. I haven't tried the specialty drinks yet but I'm sure they are equally delicious. It's a nice space to work, plenty of outlets, and the refills on drip coffee are free. I've heard their pastries are delicious as well. The baristas are also super friendly!
I like that it's a little further down on Main St, away from the hustle and bustle of everything else. It provides a nice balance.The BEST coffee shop I've been to by far! I love the owners and they make everything with love! They don't make coffee just because it is a job, but you can totally tell it is a passion they have. Please check this place out if you are ever in town! I'm more of a hot chocolate and mocha person, but I was recently hooked on to the iced chai tea!! Love this place and can't wait to see how it continues to develops!!Great espressos, super friendly and down to earth owners and staff. Manayunk badly needed some non-burned coffee made by people who care, and these guys have delivered. Highly recommend checking this place out!Work just up the street so this place is easy to grab coffee before/during/after work.  Coffee is good, but expensive and sometimes can take a very long time. They have food pastries and their philly muffins are delicious.  
Never worked inside the shop, but seems like a nice place to work.  As they roast their own coffee beans, the smell of coffee always helps me focus!Great coffee, very nice baristas. Very hip spot on Manayunk's main street. A lot of space to sit and enjoy coffee. Macchiato in particular was superbBest coffee I've had in recent memory! Very friendly staff. Nice bright, quiet environment for work or relaxation. The roaster, Daniel talked with me about his coffee and answered a bunch of my questions.  He pulled me a half-shot to try while we were talking! Hope to return on my next trip to Philly.This place is soooo TRENDY 
I love it. I got the cortado with oat milk (DELIC) J got some iced mocha that Was just absolute heaven. We got to use our reusable up for the iced drink. J got a croissant that was tasty and they also serve FEDERAL DONUTS sugar donuts which is a total win. 
Certainly not the fastest service. This is more of a sit back and enjoy the scene style coffee bar.They have delicious cold brew!! Also their staff is so friendly so don't be afraid to ask a few questions about their coffee and menu. Parking lot right next door is also super convenient.I had a coffee date here on a Saturday. I ordered the house coffee, which is very good, not to heavy more on a lighter side. I didn't need any sugar and I had a Danish to go along with it. The Danish was nice and fresh. Overall,  it was a very nice date and the atmosphere was nice, the weather was gorgeous for a Saturday in January. There is a parking lot not to far but since it's on Main street there is plenty of street parking. I would go again in the future.Great mocha, friendly service, clean, nice ambience and music. Perfect coffee shop atmosphereGreat coffee, pastries  and a good place to focus/get work done if you're about that Work From Home life.Great Coffee! Great service. Great people! Definitely recommend a visit if you're in to good, real coffee.Awesome experience there! Really pulling for them! They need our support! Good vibe there with Jenna!Cute little spot right off of Main Street in Manayunk. They have tables inside and outside and I noticed lots of people were here with laptops working. The coffee was good and they had a normal selection of drinks, but I was a little disappointed with their bakery selection. They didn't have much and it didn't look they had much other food. This is a solid coffee spot, but not as much a cafe or spot for a snack.Love this place! I wish their menu was a bit more creative when it comes to coffee drinks but their mocha is awesome and their teas are out of this world. Each tea is loose leaf and you can you taste the difference.Pretty simple menu, coffee flavor was good! I tried their iced coffee with milk. The iced coffee only comes in one size.OMG, Pilgrim Roasters was really epic. Glad we stumbled in here. Pretty much every thing that we have ordered was super fresh and tasty. Service is really helpful and friendly. Well done Pilgrim Roasters.Always great to find a good local roaster. Stopped in for a cappuccino and was greeted by a very friendly barista. The drinks we received were hot and delicious - very bold coffee taste with a nice smooth finish. We left with just the drinks to go, but will definitely stop back in for a bag of beans. Would be nice to add to our rotation at homeCold Brew Coffee Quest #4
With warm weather returning after a chilly winter in Philly, my wife and I are determined to find the best Cold Brew Coffee that our city has to offer! No national chains allowed.
-Overall Score: 5 out of 5
-Pros: Smooth citrus and walnut flavor, coffee beans roasted on-site, served in a solid pint glass, and only $2.75. 
-Cons: N/A
-Beans Used: Brazil Sitio CaxixeMy favorite coffee shop! The latte is so simple but to die for! 
I regularly purchase a bag of coffee (Ecuador ones are my fav!) Which they grind for me. You also get a free beverage with the purchase of a bag of coffee!
The cinnamon rolls are also FANTASTIC, maple flavored with the flakiness of a croissant. Best I've ever had! Recommend going earlier if you want to get a croissant. 
Staff is also super friendlyI liked it here. My chai latte with oat milk was GREAT. Nice decor too. The main road it's on has tons of restaurants and cool shops to explore. I went on a Sunday morning and it was perfect.Very nice well lit cozy interior.  Had a cappuccino which was excellent.  Would have liked it to have been a little larger for the price.