I stopped here on my way through Philly on opening night. Even though it was very busy I was still able to get a seat and the food came out very quickly! The food was so delicious! I couldn't believe how fresh everything was. I also loved the margaritas and I probably could have had several more. The environment was friendly and I loved the look of the place. I hope I have a reason to be in Philly soon and go back!We went here around mid day - 3pm. There werent many customers in the restaurant but our service was still subpar. The restaurant is super dark.
 First, the food was ok. I heard good things about the restaurant and even loved the Center city location. We got the nachos with chicken, the Cuban sandwich, and oysters. The nachos were good. Everything on it was good but the $5 add on chicken that were extremely bland. Moreover, the cuban was not as good as the ones you get from other places in South Philly (ex: Sardine Bar). It came in a thick and stale bread. The pork was ok but everything else in the sandwich wasnt. Typically, cubans are pressed but not this one. The fries that came with the sandwich was also soggy and you can tell they r old. Lastly, the oysters were not cleaned and came AFTER our entrees. 
The bartender was deffinitely annoyed at us for sitting at the tables instead of the bar. She didnt even ask us if we wanted anything other than water. I had to ask her for a blackberry margarita AFTER our entree was dropped. The drink was great but she was not. We were barely checked on. It may because we were younger and she doesnt think that she'd get tip well? Coming from a couple in the restaurant industry, we would have tipped well if the service standard was there. We felt unwelcomed and a nuisance.Stopped here on a recommendation on the way home to NY and it did not disappoint! It was the first night of operation and they were very busy..that being said they were doing an amazing job. I would not have believed this was a first night service with how well they served us and the groups around us. I would normally highlight a few items on the menu but everything looked and tasted amazing!! I will make the drive back just to eat here again soon.My group of 4 split a pitcher of the original margarita and it was delicious! We got about 6 glasses out of it. We ordered a bunch of different items and all shared, everything was delicious. The best part were the Mahi tacos and nachos. Oh and the shrimp ceviche was amazing! Definitely recommend this place, it's in a cute area w/ nice outdoor seating and the service was really fast.Been here twice now.  So happy they came to the neighborhood.  Fantastic food and some of the best margaritas I've ever had.I had heard about this restaurant from a few people and decided to go for lunch today. We shared the spicy tuna guacamole and cat fish po' boy tacos and corn on the cob! Everything was fabulous! The tacos are so yummy and I definitely would say if you like spicy tuna and guacamole that you should try this dish! We each got a margarita and they were good too. We also shared churros! (I forgot to take a picture of them). I'm not a big fan of churros but these were fabulous! they were like the ones I had in Spain with chocolate to dip them in! I definitely will return when I'm back in the area!First time at this place, the ambiance screams grunge rock meets modern Mexican (dimly lit restaurant with alternative music).
Drinks: take advantage of that happy hour- as a beer fanatic I'm blown away by this places craft beer game and HH deal. Slow clap applause.
Starters: chips and pico de Gallo. I would give this a solid 4.5/5 stars, chips were crisp and thick (I believe a solid taco place HAS to start with good chips), pico was plentiful but didn't have that flavor pop I was looking for.
Tacos: as suggested by our friendly waiter- we got the mahi mahi and freedom tacos. Mahi Mahi was a standout for me- huge chunk of fish that was crisped to perfection with just enough toppings that didn't overwhelm the taco. Freedom tacos were 3/5 for me- tasted more like a glorified Taco Bell hard shell taco, but was still tasty.
Service: 5/5!! Our waiter is refilling our water for the 2nd time as I write this review. Food came out FAST. And server was extremely friendly. 
Overall I'll definitely be back, maybe try different tacos on the menu...a solid 4.5/5 stars for me!So many great restaurants in East Passyunk I would skip this one. Our server was underwhelming and we didn't get drinks until after our meal was served. Food was mediocre. Pretty sure my mahi mahi tacos were cod that was breaded. The best part of the meal was the blackberry margarita. Spare yourself the disappointment and go elsewhereChecked out Yelp for a great Mexican spot & discovered this jewel. Great vibe, music, service, food, and tequila! Fresh authentic food with a twist and our server David was fantastic! The man knows his tequila! It's worth the drive from Jersey and this will definitely be our go-to spot when we want our Taco-tequila fix.I have nothing but great things to say about this place. I went during the big snowstorm of 2018 for restaurant week and our server's name was Berger (sp?). He was so accommodating and kind. Me and my friend paid $15 dollars for an app, entree, and dessert. I started with the chopped salad which was flavorful and delicious. Then I had the chicken enchiladas. Delicious is all I can say.
The service was above average. Berger charged my phone behind the bar and when I said surprise me when he asked if I wanted salt or sugar around the rim he did half and half. He was just super attentive and really went out of his way to make sure we were comfortable. I mean you can't go wrong here.Sunday's here are the best during eagles season. Always a good crowd, amazing tacos, and good beer. Don't skip the nachos!I'm not sure i'm qualified to really rate these guys, as i only had a couple of glasses of wine. I did enjoy the fact that the wine was "on draught", which gives you a better wine opportunity at similar bar prices. Good pour. Maybe next time i'll hit the apps...Went on a Saturday late afternoon to grab drinks and dinner. There was about a 15-20 minute wait for an outside table, so we grabbed drinks inside at the bar. The inside bar area isn't terrible big, but definitely a cool vibe. Pretty good rotational tap beer selection. For drinks we got the St Dom and the Passyunk Mule w/ mezcal. 
For food, to start,  we got the pistachio & chili flake guacamole which was really good. For main dishes, we got the open faced quesadilla and spicy pork tacos after a recommendation from our server. Neither of us were overly impressed with either dish. 
Outside seating is pretty cool though. Service was good as well. We'll probably end up giving this place another shot food-wise b/c it's gotten such good reviews. Regardless, it's a good spot to grab a drink and sit outside.Finally a pistola near my house!!!!
I love that they feature some of the old staples I love from the other restaurants and have their own unique items as well. 
GET THE OCTOPUS CACTUS SALSAWent last night for opening night and was pretty disappointed. The space is super small and REALLY loud. I was hoping for a better version of Cantina (because, let's be real, Cantina leaves a lot to be desired) but what it turned out to be is a more expensive, less appealing option. No free chips and salsa and only 2 tacos per order.  I got the salmon tacos and while they were good, they were $14 for 2. Just charge me $16 and give me 3 like Cantina so I'm not still hungry. 
On top of that, the $25 pitcher only got us 3 glasses of margarita even though they gave us 4 glasses. Our server definitely thought something wasn't right about that and gave us 15% off so hopefully that's not the norm. Otherwise, you'd be better off with 4 $6 glasses of margarita for less money. 
Overall, not impressed. I will say, their happy hour seemed like a good deal so assuming the pitcher was a mistake, I'd probably only go back for happy hour.More opportunities to visit a Pistola's, olé! Pistola's Del Sur translates to Pistola's of the South. For those of us who don't venture to East Passyunk often, it's right off the Snyder spot of the BSL and at the beginning of all the dining and nightlife action. 
It has the same greats of the other Pistola's locations: delicious food and stellar craft beer. They carried a Cantillon and other great gems for Philly Beer Week for goodness sake!
I thought the restrooms were a seriously upgrade over Jose's as well. I love me some Jose Pistola's for sure, but this bathroom was on the ground floor and so clean, trendy looking.
Even if you haven't been to another Pistola's before, the bottom line is that they have an excellent variety of non-pretentious, but quality Mexican food. When I need a burrito fix, I think Pistola's first. 
I probably won't make the trek south frequently without a rare beer incentive, but I'm thrilled to know that the opportunity is there.I'm a big fan of this place and so happy it's been added to Passyunk neighborhood! 
One of the main staples of my diet is fish tacos and margaritas, so that's everything I've tried here. I was a BIG fan of the mahi mahi tacos. They were cooked perfectly and the slaw and aioli had so much flavor. The guac here is also delish, but comes with a lot of diced tomatoes in it. So beware if you're a tomato hater. 
It's a pretty big space and all of the staff here has been genuinely kind and friendly(can be hard to find sometimes). Go check it out if you haven't already!Welp, probably the best nachos I've had in a long time. For real. And I've never been impressed by the other locations. The prices are just a touch above what I'd expect. But that's whatever. The price you pay for a super nice location. I mean they have fully covered outdoor seating. And not rinky dink cafe tables. They're legit tables for four. They've got like a dozen of them. Inside seating is pretty accommodating as well, but it never really seems packed. 
My big gripe was the service. My server was a really nice guy. But everything took forever. Takin orders. Getting drinks getting refills. Getting food. All of it. At one point I had to go inside and find my server to double up my order. 
It's not the kind of thing that ruins the place for me, but I'm not made of time these days. If I want to dine with my family and only have an hour, then I'll just think twice. Maybe in my 20s I'd love this place. Right now I'm just kinda so-so about it. 
But the nachos were on point.2 out of 4 friends
Did not like their food but mine
Was good so whatevs*
*seriously though, skip the Cubano, it is actually just a cheese and meat sandwich- no pickles or mustard- not even pressed wtf. Skip the lobster tacos, they are drowned in chipotle. Pitchers of margs were mostly ice- like 74% ice. Good luck getting drunkThe size of the space is what it is, so no changing that. The drinks are great, the food is great, however they are working out some service kinks since they opened 2 days ago. I love the positive turnover on the Ave, especially since the older tex-mex establishments are extremely stale, you know where I'm talking about. I'm thinking this place will only get better as they nail down the service and get some sports on TV.I would give this place a five for service. Our waiter was attentive (but not overly so) and unbelievably nice. I forgot my credit card and he ran after us to find us on the street. He made the dinner!
The drinks were good. We got margs (mango and strawberry) and they were delicious. Not expensive and tasty. 
Now the food. This is where they lose a few stars. We got the restaurant week menu and the corn soup was good but the entrees were just ok. (Enchiladas and salmon). The enchiladas plate had just two and the salmon was a huge piece but tasted like it was frozen?  The churros were good but definitely raw inside. 
Overall the service was excellent and I would go back for drinks and service and skip the food.This bar has a great ambiance!  It was decorated for X-mas during this past visit, and included hundreds of handmade origami snowflakes!  The beer and tequila selection were very good.  The service was quick and on point.  The food was delicious.  I highly recommend the pomegranate guacamole.  Our group tried 7 or 8 other items, which were all good, but the guac was the highlight!Great food - I loved the mixto ceviche and the salmon belly tiradito. And the churros were a great end to the meal. We sat at the bar and Adam served us. Great service and delicious beer and draft margaritas.  Our entire party loved it and can't wait to come back! I highly recommend this place if you are looking for food food and drinks in South Philly.Very disorganized with seating and reservations.  And their phone doesn't work.  Get the basics right if you want to run a good business.Had a nice meal with great service and food. Definitely loud but we don't mind that. The nomads hot sauce was great and the $1 oysters were a bargain. Cool place.I had an okay experience at Pistola's del Sur. The guacamole and chips were very good, and I also enjoyed the fried plantains. The tacos were just okay in my opinion. I tried the shrimp pastor, filet and chorizo/calamari. All sounded great, but ended up being kind of bland, and fell apart while eating them (never fun). Service was also just okay, even though the restaurant was not very busy.After moving to a neighborhood that is a short 10 minute walk from this restaurant I took my visiting family to check it out. I had never been to the other restaurants run by this group, but it was a very positive experience. Didnt seem too busy, so contrary to other reviewers, we were seated immediately outside on really nice tables - nicer than the standard ikea lot that other places seem to stick with - and our service was excellent. Felt like an established place and not one that opened up less than a year ago.  It seemed like we had a main server and another keeping an eye on things.
 Every menu item we chose was delicious. I am dreaming about those pork buns. We shared a pitcher of margaritas and we got 6 full glasses out of it which is spot on to the price. Tried a weird sounding gauc, the salad, enchiladas, those pork buns and fish tacos. Nothing was leftover which was unexpected. We are a family that shares plates so we all left very pleased with each plate. 
 I am happy to have found what will be my family's go-to as they visit often and love going out to eat. My sister came back to town the next week and went back with her husband the first chance they had. Their second experience was equally wonderful. After scanning through other reviews I am hoping our experience will be the standard and not the exception.Hands down our new fave neighborhood spot!!
Food is amazing - the open faced quesadilla is everything. 
I love the amount of veggie options (although I'd take a few more!)
Margaritas are amazing - love the selection of mezcal options.
Great atmosphere!
If you're an Eagles fan - get a peep at their POS screens :)We went in for happy hour on Thursday and sat at the bar. The restaurant was almost empty, there was only 1 other person at the bar and a few couples at the tables. We split a pitcher of margaritas which is a great happy hour deal! The spicy tuna guacamole was awesome. We also split the queso fundido with chorizo, which was not good at all. The cheese was almost already hard when we got it and we couldn't even eat most of it. The rest of the menu looked just OK. I'd stop by again for the margarita happy hour special but go out to eat somewhere else.Good food. About the the same menu as the one in Fishtown. However, we kept joking that we were at "Club Pistolas" as the  Top 40 club music was so loud and obnoxious that we decided we'd rather go to the one in Fishtown in the future.This place is a must try, and then will be your East passyunk go to! Great drink options, well thought out beer selection, service was spot on and top notch grub! The decor, including the unique stained glass, hand made bar top add to the fun atmosphere. Give pistolas Del sur a go!Very very good.  The cantina is going to have to kick up its game!  The ceviche mixto was ample and tasty, the rice and beans were excellent and the tacos blow Catina out of the water!  Had the freedom tacos and the beef was spicy and well cooked...would have liked a soft shell option but that's a personal preference.  Waiter was excellent, service good. Old fashioned well made.  My only complaint...is the noise, very loud and on top of that our neighbors all had loud booming voices, we could barely hear our selfs.  But most definitely we will be back,  there's a lot more on the menu we want to try.Pretty similar menu to Jose Pistolas, margs were a little sweet, ceviche and plantains was great, tacos a bit too expensive. Staff is helpful and were prepared for a crowd even a few days after opening. The outdoor space is a nice extra element. I am guessing this place is always going to have a wait and the thing I like about Jose's is how often you can find a table.The nachos here were exactly what we had in mind.  We asked for the special chorizo nachos and it definetly hit the spot.I went to Pistola's last night around 7:30 pm and it was the second night they opened. We were immediately greeted at the door and got a table (maybe the last table available). It took roughly 20 minutes for a server to even come to our table and that was with me requesting a server. The gentleman apologized and was very upbeat and energetic. We ordered two margaritas. Roughly 15 minutes later he returns with two PITCHERS of margaritas. He apologized and said the pitchers were on him and we would only be paying for the two glasses we had asked for. Of course we were ecstatic, because who doesn't love margaritas! Still 45 minutes into the night the waiter had not even asked what food we wanted. Finally I had to call him back over again to ask for him to take our order. We ordered the open face quesadilla and the Spanish chorizo coca. The food came out fairly quick. The quesadilla was pretty good. It's hard to mess a quesadilla up. The Spanish chorizo was awesome! When we received the check at the end up the night the bartender ended up charging us for one pitcher instead of two glasses of margaritas. One pitcher is $30 and two glasses of margaritas are $7 each. The waiter clearly stated in the beginning that it was his fault and he would only be charging us for the drinks we asked for. Of course we enjoyed them but that doesn't mean you charge us for your mistake.
Overall, the place was really loud and crowded. They had a weird NASA space cam on the TV the entire time so I'm not sure if their cable was hooked up or not. Like I said, it was the second night since they opened so they definitely have some things to work on. We will not be going back any time soon.I loveee the other two pistola's so was stoked to try their latest establishment. I don't order chicken as much at Mexican places because I prefer short rib/carne asada/chorizo but my date and I were splitting a bunch of dishes and he only eats chicken & salmon so we stuck to those. 
I was able to get him to be adventurous (haha) and try the salmon belly tirdito which was an amazing blend of spicy and sweet. We also ordered chicken nachos... it was clear they just dumped unseasoned chicken, not even grilled, onto the otherwise on point nachos. A little disappointing for the extra $5 they charge you! If they could fix the chicken, these nachos would be *everything* My favorite part of the meal was the catfish po' boy tacos (asked the waitress to name a few of the most popular tacos)... the crispness combined with the amazing chipotle sauce and cabbage was amazing. 
We also split a pitcher of the classic margarita which the waitress explained was made with their own speciality sour mix. Unfortunately it was so sweet, we couldn't get through it! And this is coming from me who considers margaritas to be her favorite drink, can easily have a couple and tends to like sweeter drinks...
I'll still be back if I'm ever in the hood because I know the other pistolas make amazing tacos and I assume the kinds I especially like would be the same here... but not going for chicken next time. Our waitress was also super sweet and the restaurant was beautifully decorated for the holidays! (Awesome snowflakes "falling" from the ceiling)Awesome food with a top notch beer list. Great outdoor seating area with a covered awning just in case.  Ceviche and the guac with their extra crispy chips were the standout menu itemsI have been meaning to try Pistola's Del Sur for ages, and finally made it over there tonight with friends who are in town from NYC for the long weekend. 
We opted to sit inside since there was a wait for an outside table and no wait to dine indoors. It's a bit on the dark side, but I would describe it as cozy.
Tara was our server, and she was very upbeat, friendly, and helpful at making recommendations. I was torn between the various flavored margaritas- she recommended the blackberry, and it was a great choice!
We shared just about everything that we ordered. We started with the pomegranate & mango guacamole. This was everybody's favorite, by far! For our main dishes, we had Brussel sprouts tacos and short rib tacos with sides of rice & beans, fried plantains, and corn on the cob.
The Brussel sprouts tacos sounded too interesting to pass up, and I'm so glad I decided to order them, because everyone loved them! The short rib tacos were just okay- the meat was tender, but there wasn't too much flavor. We ended up adding a bit of the mango/pomegranate guac to them, and that made a difference. 
The fried plantains themselves were very delicious, but none of us really liked the sauces on top very much. The rice and beans were AMAZING! The portion is very generous, and the everything was seasoned to perfection. Finally, the corn on the cob was great. I used to order Mexican street corn at my favorite restaurant in Brooklyn. I've never bothered to try it anywhere else, but this was delicious- a very close second.
I will definitely return sometime soon. The food was delicious, all of the staff that we encountered there were very friendly and just seemed genuinely happy. Definitely check it out! :)Pork belly banh mi tacos we ordered were literally the worst we ever had- incredibly dry and not worth the calories. The margerita had virtually no liquor in it. Tortilla soup was good though.I went for drinks when they first opened but tonight was my first experience dining in. The space is not nearly as big as I figured given the size of the building and the tables are squished together. 
The hostess was very nice and went out of her way to get us a table with some elbow room. We ordered quickly given that it was packed and got our food very fast. 
However, the waitress forgot part of our order (probably because she didn't write it down which is a personal pet peeve of mine. I don't think it looks more professional to memorize orders...I would rather it get written down and come out right). 
The food was good! I got nachos as my entree and it was huge - I couldn't finish. A pitcher of margs is $25 which is worth it if you plan on drinking more than two. 
The three stars are honestly for service. The hostess and literally everyone other than our server were very attentive. We would've told her our order was missing something if she had ever came back to check on us after the food runners dropped off the food. So...decent food, meh service, meh physical space. I'm not dying to return.Great hot sauce and their homemade Bloody Mary mix was good but the brunch was underwhelming. The chicken needed more flavor and plántanos were almost crispy. Probably a good lunch/dinner spot but would pass for brunch.I've been here several times since it opened. The corn soup, cocas, nachos, margaritas, and brussel sprout tacos are excellent. The staff is friendly and accommodation.Gotta represent Jose Pistolas at their newest location in south Philly, Pistolas del Sur! I finally made my way down there because I love the original location so much. Well Del Sur is just as amazing. Delicious nachos, guacamole (love that spicy tuna guac!) tacos, love it all. And they even have the buns that I love so much. Cool atmosphere too. 
Even better, the prices here seem to be a tad cheaper. The guac was $1-2 cheaper, margaritas were cheaper, and there is some damn delicious rare craft beers on tap that were also great prices. The best thing is buck a shuck oysters all day every day. I hate to give away the secret, then they stop doing this, but for now, it's true and oysters are $1! Amazing. 
Highly recommended, this is the 3rd establishment now by the Jose's Pistolas team and I love all 3! Cheers!Kid friendly place to grab some Mexican.  The space is huge and loud, which is perfect for vocal/overexcited kids.  
I wish they had more vegetarian menu options, especially the tacos.  
We tried the nachos which were pretty good, a tad bit too salty.  The corn is really good and the kids quesadillas are a good portion size.  
Tons of drinks available if that's your thing.  This would probably be a good happy hour spot too.Excellent excellent excellent! 
Thank you to Adam, 'Beach', and Mr. Bashir (a patron) for the wonderful experience. I learned a heck of a lot about mezcal. The drinks were great, and the food just TOO GOOD!!!! 
The food blew me away. Simple Spanish cuisine jacked up to 11. It was everything I wanted in a dining experience and then some. 
We ordered the spicy tuna guac and ceviche mixto. I could have stopped there seeing it was divine, but we then got the crab enchiladas which took it over the top. Didn't even have room for dessert. 
All in all we will be back. This location is near several public transport and car service stops. So nothing will stop me from another margarita the next time...Went for late lunch on a Tuesday. Bartender was the only one working and we were annoying and sat outside but he was great, attentive and friendly! 
He suggested a margarita pitcher-- we couldn't pass it up. We shared the carnitas buns (AMAZING) and my boyfriend got the beef hard shell tacos and I got the mahi. All really yummy. Already excited for my next visit!This was my second time at Pistola's Del Sur and both times it has been great! I hadn't been there for a few months, and I believe this was different the last time, but this time, they had moved their drink menu to a overhang where most of the seating area can see the drinks, however I was sitting in the alcove area and it was kind of annoying to not be able to see it. I prefer to just be able to see the list in front of me. Drink prices aren't too bad though, and happy hour is a great opportunity because you can get $10 off a pitcher of margaritas! We ordered the special for the evening (a short rib coca), the pomegranite and mango guacamole, the brussels sprouts tacos, and the shrimp al pastor tacos to share between three people. I was definitely full- I think the two guys I was with were comfortably full. I wasn't that big of a fan of this coca. We had had the mushroom coca last time and LOVED it; I thought the short rib seemed fatty and there just wasn't that much flavor. Guac was great- it looked small but it ended up being a good amount for 3 people. The brussels sprouts tacos sound weird but they are SOO GOOD. I will probably order them every time I go. Shrimp tacos were also good, and I wouldn't hesitate to get them again as well. When we were there last time we also got the nachos and I would highly recommend them as well! Overall, Pistola's Del Sur is definitely a place we will keep coming back to, especially if we can get there during happy hour! Wish it went until 7 though.Was looking for a place for small bites. Couldn't decide if we wanted sushi or bar food and this place hit the spot for our raw fish and nachos craving! Had the salmon belly tiradito, pork belly steamed bun, mixto ceviche, spicy pork nachos and a blackberry margarita. Everything was superb!!! It had been a while since I've had good nachos (unfortunately the places we use to go in college have started slacking with their loaded nachos options) and these nachos made with really expensive cheese was exactly what I hoped for. We were able to eat outside and had really great service with Candace and Steve. Candace described the steamed bun as a must because it was like biting into fluffy clouds and she was spot on! Definitely a place to check out if you're in the neighborhood. We'll be back!If I could give this place zero stars that's what it would deserve. This place seemed buzz worthy as we waited for our tabke to be cleared. I've been to so many restaurants around this city and around the world. This place had the absolute worst service ever. As a restaurant once a table is seated they shouldn't have to wait more than 5 mins for a server to atleast acknowledge them. It was busy so I gave them the benefit of the doubt. 20 mins later no service no water not even a hello we will be right with you sorry were slow and incapable of treating our customers properly. I would never recommend this place to anyone. Spend your money somewhere else. There are many other great Mexican restaurants in the area. Keep this place off your radar. What a joke.This was my First time at Pistola's Del Sur. I stopped by for some nachos and margaritas while at the E Passyunk car show this past Sunday. 
Great drinks, and awesome food. We had the Kobe beef nachos, and some awesome Ahi tuna type sliders. I'll definitely be going back soon for a full dinner, seems like a great date spot. 
Service was great, and they only give straws upon request which is a bonus for me!We love this spot!! The margaritas are delicious - my faves are strawberry and blackberry. The mango pomegranate guacamole is fantastic, and the nachos are some of the best ever (the Kobe beef and add guacamole on the side) and every entree we've tasted is just as good. Can't go wrong with this restaurant!! It's got the authentic flavors you're looking for with some creative flair.My favorite Mexican place and one of my favorite go to spots in my neighborhood. Awesome food- I love the chicken nachos, Brussels sprouts tacos, and lobster tacos. I've tried almost everything on the menu and never been disappointed. They have a great beer selection and the blackberry margs are awesome. Low key place to hang out with nice people and great bartenders.Great service! One of the best things on the menu is the open faced quesadilla! Great margs on tap and the outdoor seating is spacious and covered. Great food, chill  bar, fun place.Wet cool bar place with great drink and tacos... the margarita Diablo was really good and the various tacos were very good. Highly recommend the guacamole with spicy tuna, awesome!Went opening night. Large crowd as expected. Still only had to wait 15-20 mo s for a table. The margaritas are good. We ordered the nachos, they were good. We also had the wings, they were very good. For dessert we had churro's, they were good too. Overall we had a good experience. I would say the space seems kinda small for this type of restaurant and I wonder if East Passyunk even needed another Mexican restaurant. But I will say it is nice to have options.  I would definitely go back to try some of the other menu items.I came here with two friends on Fat Tuesday and we had a great experience! We walked in about 6:45pm and realized that Quizzo had just started. We missed the first round but decided to join in late for fun.
We also placed an order for a margarita pitcher ($10 off!) to take advantage of happy hour before it ended. I wasn't super hungry so I just got the Chopped Salad (iceberg lettuce, baby arugula, corn, tomato, queso fresco, pickled red cabbage, tortilla chips, and avocado ranch dressing). It was delicious and really hit the spot!
My friend got churros and I had one of hers - they were delicious! A lot of times, churros can be heavy and oily, but these were light. The chocolate dipping sauce they came with was a perfect accompaniment.
I definitely plan to return to try some more dishes on the menu!OMG!  What a spot.  The service, atmosphere and freaking food is awesome!!!  The spicy Tuna Guacamole and the Carnita's Steamed Buns are the things that a foodie dreams are made of... 
I will be back every time I am in the City of Brotherly Love. 
Can't wait to try everything on the menu before I die!!!Absolutely love this restaurant! The food is always so good and reasonably priced. Guac with pistachios and goat cheese plus the tomatillo enchiladas and bloody Mary's are some of the best I've ever had. Staff is great and overall super chill vibe with TVs and good music.Just had lunch at the bar during the World Cup. Greg was a great bartender and made it a great experience. The food was super good and great beer selection- will definitely be back more often.Mexican Street grilled corn w/chipotle mayo and cojita cheese. A bit too chipotle mayo for me, but it was very tasty with amazing starchy corn flavor. Not a mayo fan, but the addition of the chipotle got me over that. I would order this for sure if I could get light mayo. 
Short rib tacos. Big chunk of beef short rib and pickled onions. Great flavor in the beef. 
Korean pork tacos served with mini short riblets on the side. I didn't taste this, but my daughter said they were amazing. I love Asian pear and that was added to the beef. 
Chopped salad
Arugula, cabbage and lettuce mix, dice tomatoes, corn, cojita, diced fried flour tortilla, pickled red onions. I chose a side of avocado ranch and sherry vinaigrette.  The 2 dressings were great together. Sitting outside was a great level of entertainment w/people watching.Came to try this place again. Sub par food and mediocre service. They also have no free refills on soda. So our 2 and a half cups of soda cost $7+.The food looked great but we never got a chance to try because the service was horrible. We waited for 20 minutes. The table that was seated after us already had someone bring them water and take their order. We flagged a server walking by and asked her to take our order to which she responded they were busy and she would be right back only for her to not return. I don't know if it was my tanned skin color but I definitely didn't feel welcome. We didn't wanna keep waiting so we left.Loved the guacamole. Quick and friendly service! We were seated right away without a reservation. Would recommend!So far, second best nachos in Philly. I've had them several times and each time it's been exactly the same.  So consistency is never going to be an issue here. 
Best nachos in Philly?  Milkboy on South Street. 
Tacos are large and worth the price. 2 tacos might just be enough if you order an app. 
But there's more to the menu here. Their draught beers are constantly updating and there's a lot of care involved in the selections. They had Pliny the Elder once and it was grand. So def be on the lookout for their selections on the chalkboard. 
Lots of seating but it gets full during prime time on the weekend and especially during the summer. Parking?  It's Philly. You get in where you fit in.
Banzai...Awesome addition to the avenue! Food and drinks are exactly what you would expect from Pistola's, with the exception of the addition of coca's - basically Spanish flatbreads - which are all amazing. Hope this location can thrive and stop the turnstile of restaurants that have been on this corner over the years.My favorite neighborhood spot. Great drinks and amazing ceviche. Love the trivia nights and staff is friendly.How have I never been here before?? Was craving Mexican so decided to try somewhere new for lunch. $15 for a house marg, 2 carnitas buns, and a spicy pork burrito bowl. My boyfriend had a Cuban and nachos, adding the house hot sauce to every bite. Everything was absolutely delicious- I think we are going to have to roll ourselves out of here. Definitely will be back!Sunday afternoon with family. Stopped in. Long wait for service.  Not enough wait staff. They all seemed overwhelmed and overworked.  No one came over for orders for a while. No chips and/or salsa. Long wait for restrooms.  All this before we even ate.  I hope the food is better than the service.This place is phenomenal!! I came here for brunch this morning with a few friends and we loved it. Started with a blackberry marga and I would recommend it, I liked that it wasn't too sweet. We then got an order of nachos for the table, with the as advertised, "very expensive cheese" (lol) and they were cheesy and crunchy and acidic from the pickled onions and jalapenos--honestly a culinary masterpiece! Best nachos I've had around this area, and I am a frequent flyer. Then I had the ceviche mixto, which was a 12 out of 10, dude. I've never had ceviche that had salmon in it (think like sushi-grade, very fresh) and it was a pleasant surprise. It comes with a huge bowl of tortilla chips which I couldn't finish--thanks to the nacho app--but I also paired it with a side of sweet plantains, which made my meal entirely too much. But the plantains were cooked to perfection, topped with crema and this delicious honey and chipotle-y sauce? phewwww man. I could've drank it, lemme tell ya. I will be back!I hate writing bad reviews, but need to write about the experience me and my boyfriend just had. I ordered nachos and corn on the cob and my boyfriend ordered wings. My nachos come out so we figured our other food will be out soon. We then noticed that people that came in after us already got their food and we're already done. Me and my boyfriend are frustrated at this point and ask for the check cause it's been over an hour and our other food didn't come so we figured our waitress forgot. We get the check and she charged us for the food we didn't get and my boyfriend tells her that we didn't get our wings and corn so we're not paying for it. She apologizes and she takes off $2.00 and the food we didn't receive. I wish I knew the waitress' name because she was horrible. She also forgot our napkins and a straw for my drink. I never had a problem with this place before until now because of our waitress.Came here for the tacos, but was blown away by the guac! If I had to rate my food, I'd give 2 and a half stars to the Korean Rib tacos I had (the pico was good, but the meat was pretty rubbery and not very good). The downside to the pico was that it was rather watery, making the taco basically fall apart the second I picked it up, which was a bit frustrating (and is the reason why you will find traditional tacos with two tortillas). The spicy tuna guacamole gets five stars from me, though. Extremely tasty, and something I'd definitely go back for. Only downside was the small portion of chips, would have loved more!This place is great!! I had never been here, and totally went out on a limb and hosted a post Baptismal lunch here for my family. After a long church service, we (20+ people, adults and small children) arrived almost an hour early for our reservation. They were ready for us, and seated the group right away. I expected food to be served closer to our reservation time, but the kitchen came through and started sending out apps without hesitation. And the food kept coming. They offered an great variety - from pico, guac and shrimp ceviche, to veggie nachos and a huge spread of amazing tacos. All of the food was delicious, but my personal favorites were the carnitas steamed buns and mini churros for dessert. And of course, the margaritas were great too. :) The staff was awesome, friendly, and on point. My guests loved everything and no one left hungry. I really could not have asked for a better experience. I highly recommend Pistola's Del Sur and look forward to going back soon.Hands down the best and freshest Mexican food I've ever had in the USA! Absolutely delicious. I'll be going back as often as possible. Go right away!I've gotta give it up to Pistola's.... just wow... hands down new favorite spot for $1 oysters. Made it here just in time for the last few minutes of happy hour and ordered everything that sounded delicious at the time. Had the tuna and salmon belly tiradito
Steamed buns and pistolas burger cooked to preferred rarity . All I've gotta say is... I'm gonna be a regular here lol.My boyfriend and I had dinner here tonight on Friday nov 29. Michael and his partner in the dining room were excellent. Even though it was busy for a Sixers game all our food and drinks arrived lighting fast. Michael made sure we were never without a drink or food in our hands. Excellent service,  excellent margaritas, excellent oysters and those wings have to be the best thing on the menu! Well make this our regular spot and we hope to have Michael again! 10/10Great little place, everything was fresh and authentic.  I had the Freedom Tacos which were amazing.Great food, great spirits and an all-pro staff. We're local, so when a place wears many hats, it becomes a go-to place. It's family friendly when you need it to be, it's adult/date friendly late night, and it's a green-bleeding Eagles bar on game day. The Phillies, Flyers and Sixers are ok too.
I'm a yuge fan of the brussel sprout and Korean rib tacos. If you're having a good day - go Shrimp al pastor tacos and don't look back. My wife would have you believe I only order the Cubano, but that's only right half the time. Honourable mention to the open face quesadilla, and the nachos are the tits. Try to get there during a buddy-burger special (it's like a Jr. Bacon without the corporate hate), or indulge in the margarita draft list. 
Also worth pointing out the amazing level of custom interior work that converted this from a dead italian place into a crown jewel in the E Passyunk scene.Amazing. We loved it. Truly speechless. DANK TACOS. The mahi mahi ones are scrumptious! love the blackberry margarita. Truly not worthy of this food. Corn soup. .. heavenly. Playlist... best I've ever heard at an eating establishment. So so so sos ssoososos good. Best Mexican food I've  had in philly. Returning soon............My past review was removed. So I'll make it more clear. I saw a mouse while eating here. Can't imagine how the kitchen even looks. Very over priced. Food was very sloppy and tasteless. Not to mention I have to show my vax card but the bartender can work maskless. Didn't check the woman's vax card when she entered because she knew her. Didn't know rules work like that. This restaurant also made nasty comments about my boss. Post was removed but it's still the fact it was ever said. I will make sure 4500 local 98 members do not go to this place. YELP HURRY UP AND DELETE THIS REVIEW. This is just my opinion.Real nice fit out on this Passyunk Avenue Eatery make sure you say hello to Casey he sets all the fine beer selection some out of the ordinary great small plates nice stop in before or after the gate really enjoyed the guacamole with fresh tuna and the flatbreads tried a short rib tacos