Don't go here. The food isn't fresh and the employees are so rude. The employee serving me was so rude it was completely uncalled for. I asked him what kind of sauces and stuff usually go with the bowls, since it was my first time there (I even told him that), but he acted like I bothered him too much by asking. He just gestured towards the table of items. Extremely rude and untrained.Read the reviews on yelp for this spot and figured I'd check it out before practice one night.
Located on Broad st, between Cecil B Moore and Oxford in the heart of the Temple campus...you could walk by and not even see it. What they lack in size of the place they make up for it with their portion and flavor!
It works similar to a "build your own meal" type of restaurant, except they serve Mediterranean. Now I love that type of food, so it took no convincing me. If you're not sure about it, go basic like I did to start off.
Had I not been on my way to wrestling practice I would have went a lil crazy and more spicy with my choices. I went with the wheat wrap, beef (recommended by server), regular hummus (although I wanted roasted red pepper, again working out), yellow rice, pico de Gallo, cilantro, parsley, seasoned red onions, and regular tahini sauce...with a side of the buffalo tahini.
The beef has a great flavor, you get full flavor with a pop of cinnamon at the back end. May sound weird, but a lot of Mediterranean cooking uses spices like cinnamon that we in America only really associate with our Pumpkin Lattes...expand your horizons, you will be glad. The wrap was loaded with healthy options. A huge meal for under $10, cannot wait to go back!
Next time I'm going chicken (just tonsee hownitnis compared to beef), roasted red humnus, garlic, loaded, hot sauce, etc. Mouth is watering thinking about it. Gotta stop and check them out! Solid job Pita Chip!Really enjoyed your food, it was my fiancé and I first time having Mediterranean food and now we're hooked. Next time I'm trying the steak on my pita wrap, falafel was amazing. Definitely will be backPita Chip came to our work today with FOODA Catering and it was GREAT. The owner was so nice explaining all the ingredients. Everything was so fresh, I got half chicken half beef. For only $9 I was stuffed! Garlic sauce is to die for. Also it's beautiful just look at the picture!Amazing combination of ingredients. The portion size of my food was the size of DJ Khalid. (If you don't know him, that's huge.)
I ended up taking 1/2 my tortilla wrap home to eat the next day. Amazing service. Tony Rivera helped us out when we came and made our experience exciting, he has amazing energy.
Will be back every time I come to PhillyIf you are someone who loves Mediterranean or Halal food, then this place is perfect. The prices are pretty cheap considering its on Temple University's campus. You have a lot of food ingredients to choose from and the hummis is delicious! I would recommend here if you want Halal or Mediterranean food and you don't want to spend a lot of food!!!~Thank God the Pita Chip graced us with their presence at the bottom of my office's tabernacle, because I would have never been blessed with what I believe.. could quite possibly be.. the 8th holy sacrament..   
First Impressions: Although I did not get to partake in eating at the brick & mortar of Pita Chip, the chipper employees at the stand had the knowledge of priests... & their Bible was the Pita Menu. 
Something compelled me to listen to them, & go with their recommendation of the Pita Bread Wrap.. As the gentleman was assembling it, I was reminded of the story of David & Goliath; I David, & the Pita Wrap Goliath.. First was roasted red pepper hummus, which provided the base for the battle.. Next the 3 giant heaping's of chicken shawarma, marinated layers of slowly roasted chicken.. Finally a barrage of rice, lettuce, & parsley infused salsa marched into the wrap with white garlic sauce smothered on top. This behemoth could barely fit into the foot long Pita Chip Bag....(pictured)
It was a glorious sunny day as I sat in the middle of the City Hall Courtyard. I began to feast &  thought to myself...this may of been how Jesus felt at the Last Supper.. the divinity of this Pita had created a holy matrimony between the wrap & its ingredients...it made all other wraps/burritos look like adulterous heathens. Every bite felt like I was being baptized, & anointing my taste buds proclaiming to sing hallelujah! It was truly a Heaven on Earth experience. 
Proverbs 18:20 "Words satisfy the soul as food satisfies the stomach; the right words on one's lips bring satisfaction."
The Don approves of this establishment & will be back~Super friendly stuff. Let us use an expired coupon and they were super patient. Very tasty food. Casual ambienceBest place on Temple's campus. The chicken shawarma rice bowl is amazing! Also they sometimes have these delicious fruit tarts in the dessert display. I will miss this place when I graduate!Ordered the original chicken shawarma and it was delicious! Had a side of falafel and grape leaves and they were amazing as well! I was a bit skeptic because my experience with Mediterranean food here in Philly hasn't been the greatest, but I was pleasantly surprised by Pita Chip.These guys came to our job today as a part of the Fooda Popup. I got the sharma wrap and it was DELICIOUS!! They were very nice and accommodating. The portions are nice!!! The nutella and nuts dessert was awesome!!! I don't live in the area of this place but I will make a trip there. Enjoy!!Scrumptious is all I have to say about this new hot restaurant right on the Temple Campus. 
The Food:I came here because I love falafel and there are only a few places in Philly for falafel! I thought it was so perfectly made. I had two options of different tzatziki sauce one regular and one spicy and had an abundance of toppings to add to my wrap. Then the wrap was nicely toasted. I also got to try some of the homemade authentic pastries that were perfectly bite sized and absolutely worth getting!
The Atmosphere: I loved the fresh decor and the wood and metal accents really makes it look modern and clean. The chalkboard that displayed the menu items was done in a "back to school theme" so perfect for Temple campus! I specifically liked the ordering style and was able to see everything that would be joining my falafel wrap. 
The price: I was very surprised and happy with Pita Chip's prices. I felt like the prices were very fair. 
I cannot wait for delivery options to be available and was VERY excited when they announced their own personal app for my phone and I even got a discount when I downloaded it. 
I hope they expand and grow other places too within Philly. I suggest you definitely all try it out for yourselves !
YUM!I order through Postmates and when I received my order it was all wrong. I called the restaurant and spoke with a manager. He not only made me a new correct order to replace the first , he delivered it himself.  Pita Chip had great food and great customer service. I will be ordering from there again, but this time through grubhub, which is less expensive and more user friendly for restaurants.The Pita Chip catered a fantastic lunch at my work and now I am obsessed. Lunch was a build your own bowl or wrap with all of the options available. The options were incredible! Super fresh and everything looked delicious. I had chicken schwarma, rice, lettuce, salsa, hummus and I tried both the garlic sauce and the hot sauce. Everything was so good and the bowl was so big that I had leftovers. I cannot wait to try this place again and am sad that there aren't more locations. This is a meal that is absolutely craveable!Had the pleasure of coming in here for lunch today and I'm very glad I did. First the guy who made my food was extremely nice, and not in a way were it seemed fake. Now on to the food. I got the build your own pita bread with chicken. I asked the guy for some recommendations with the sauce and got their garlic sauce. Whatever you get, PUT THAT SAUCE ON IT!!! It honestly made the meal. While I could've gotten something cheaper for lunch on campus, for the price I paid(10$) i am very content. Will definitely be coming back!!!Hello Yelppers Fran here,
Let me tell you about the experience I had with Pita Chip about a week ago. My week has been so busy and im just now sitting down on my Personal Computer to write it. So my nephew goes to Temple University. Go Owls! so I thought it would be a good Idea to take the rest of the family down to philadelhpia and visit him. We were looking for something to eat and my son mentioned before how much he loves The food at Pita Chip. When we walked in the smells all hit me right across the face. I was drooling so much I swear my false tooth almost fell out. So we went up to order and everyone decided to get the chicken rice bowl. But me being the goofball of ther group decided to get a Pita Wrap. It was so god! Mouth watering. The servers there were very nice and helpful even though at some times their heavy accents were hard to interpret but this is not thwir fault I understand! We then went to check out and who I am guessing was the manager or owner is gave us a free side of sauce for our pholawfel! However I heard from my son that the man can get a little grumpy sometimes. Overally I am rating this Pita Chip a 4 stars and gets ther Fran stamp of approval. If there are any other mothers looking for a place to bring their Little Owls for food you should definetly check out this place!Friends recommended this spot on campus, and it was amazing.  The prices are super low, and they give you so much food! The tabbouleh is so good, as is the falafel.  I tried the baklava and was not disappointed.  Perfect size, price, and not too sticky. The menu and website are super easy to follow.My wife and I recently visited Pita Chip twice over the course of two weekends. The first time we ordered a salad bowl and a pita wrap, both with beef Shawarma. We ordered on Grub Hub, and and promptly received a message that our food was ready. When we arrived, the food was not actually ready, but I was informed that they were making it at that time so it would be fresh and hot, which I appreciated. The food was pretty good, and all items were made as ordered. 
The second visit, unfortunately, did not go so well. This time, my wife and I were out and about when we decided to order from Pita Chip and did not want to go through the hassle of trying to order from Grub Hub on a small phone, so instead decided to telephone in our order.  Upon calling Pita Chip, we were immediately informed that they do not take telephone orders and food should be ordered through Grub Hub, but they would "do it this time." DO IT THIS TIME? Really!? With all of the restaurants in the Temple University area, you would think that restaurants would be doing everything possible to attract and keep business, rather than acting like customers are inconveniencing them. Despite their unprofessionalism, we still placed our order, this time ordering the salad bowl and a rice bowl, again with beef Shawarma. Once again, the quality of the food itself was not bad, but both the rice bowl and the salad were missing several toppings we had ordered. 
While the quality of the food is decent, and portion sizes are fair for the price, the poor customer service along with two incorrect orders was enough to turn us off. With all of the other dining options available in the area willing to try a bit harder, I would not likely return to Pita Chip.A diamond in the rough, literally. With all the shops of Templetown shops. This is one of the few that isn't ladened with the rowdy and loud locals. The food is wonderful. The staff gets two thumbs up, and to have a cozy spot like this with all the activity outside of its doors without it seaping in(unsavory things), is just awesome within itself. Will definitely be visiting this place when I'm in the Temple University area.Great option if you're a vegetarian. Your best bet is to customize your salad or rice bowl with grilled veggies and/or falafel. For an entirely vegan meal, they also offer vegan hummus. It's a lot of food for only $6-7. Throw in baklava for an extra dollar and you have a feast for lunch. The pickup service online is very easy to use and they always have my order ready within ten minutes. I'm taking off one star because they forgot my tabouleh last time and that made me sad, but everything else is wonderful.I absolutlley love this place. I got a giftcard for Christmas and I also use a punch card so you could say I am a regular there. I love to get a wrap with regular hummus, falafel and fresh veggies! They have vegan tahini dressing which is thebomb.com. Every now and then I treat mysleft to their  crunchy savory fries that are super good. 
Very afordable, pleasent palce to eat and the people working there are super nice.Great tasting falafel!  We have tried their sandwiches and bowls. It's one of the few falafels that taste like the ones I've had back in the Middle East. Great and friendly service. Will definitely come back again to try their other items.The dude who rang me up was so accommodating and sweet. My falafel wrap was humongous for only $7. The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because I found it to be very bland even though it was loaded with vegetables and hot sauce. Definitely going to give them another try. Maybe I just caught them on an off day.Everyone here is so nice and friendly. The food is excellent. Fantastic falafel. Perfectly cooked. I had a wrap and the portion was large for the price. I will be coming back.Stoped by when visiting the city and luckily found this and let me just its delicious!!! Quick stop, fast service, good spot to consider !This place is way better than the carts around campus.  The desserts here are very good as well.  I've tried both the chicken and beef with roasted vegetables and everything has been amazing.  One rice bowl is always very filling.  The toppings are always fresh.  The restaurant is very clean and he owners are very nice.
My only complaint is that the food is on the salty side.  The hummus is especially salty.  I've been here 2 times in 3 days so needless to say I'll be back.5/5!!! Amazing food, amazing service, great vibe, just all around a great place for lunch/dinner. Really recommend the chicken shawarma. Delicious and affordable-- & they take diamond dollars!Was looking for a simple, quick, reasonably priced, filling meal near Temple, and Pita Chip did not disappointment! The two guys working there were quick to welcome me in and explain the ordering process, giving recommendations when I asked for them. It made the whole process very easy and enjoyable, one of the best I've had in a casual dining environment. Eating in was peaceful with nice music, would definitely recommend who wants a nice spot to recharge. The free WiFi worked great too!Great concept which is a mix between middle eastern and mexican. Authentic Shawarma flavors and sauces. Service was great as well.Mediterranean food is great, but its even better here at Pita Chip. When walking in you feel like you're at an established restaurant chain like Chipotle, but you're really at a one of kind pita and shwarma restaurant. With all ingredients made in house you get quality of an original Mediterranean spot, but with the speed and efficiency of a chain restaurant. The service is great as well, they are all friendly and willing to give advice on what to order. At prices cheaper than Chipotle, you can guarantee more bang for your buck and still be filled up.So I have now tried beef shawarma, chicken shawarma and they are both really really good. The place is cool because it's set up like a chipotle with Mediterranean food. Quick, good, and generally healthy. Baklava was also amazing. Good food great staff and good prices. Give it a shot!This place is really good! They are a family owned business, and have great ethics. I am a vegetarian, so I always get s falafel rice bowl. Their falafel is amazing. This place is like chipotle, where the put what you choose on your place as you go down the line. They have fantastic toppings such as garlic sauce, marinated onions, cabbage, lettuce, and much more. I also had their baklava, and it was fantastic.The concept was like Chipotle, but for shwarma. The food was fresh, healthy, and delicious. I built my own salad bowl. It was really really good!This was a lucky find for me, as I needed a spot to grab a quick meal before heading to Temple to tutor. Little did I know I would stumble upon one of the most delicious yet affordable lunch spots in the area. For less than $7 I can be bloated with delicious falafel and veggies served upon a bed of lusciously spiced rice and complemented with onions, hummus, pickles, tabbouleh among other things. 
Service is great, fast and efficient. There's a check-in offer. It's right off the subway stop. Only good things at this place.Glad to be coming back to Temple and see some new variety in local restaurants. Pita Chip is nice new addition to the neighborhood. I had a beef bowl and it was tasty, filling, and reasonably priced-a rare find. Service was good and atmosphere pleasant. Will definitely be coming back and will recommend.I've been to this location well over 10 times and I've loved it every single time! This place is family owned (I think) and it's a super friendly and warm environment. Though the people are nice, I think the real star here is the food! First of all it's relatively healthy compared to most of the options at temple. The amount of food they give you is great! And the flavor is amazing! This will probably forever reign as my favorite food at temple!If you're at Temple, this is the go to place for a meal anytime with anyone!
-The service is super friendly and they are always patient and helpful when it comes to ordering
-The food is fantastic. I have repeatedly taken friends from out of town here and not once have I had friends say they haven't enjoyed Pita Chip!
-The food is fresh and I enjoy that the Falafel is fried fresh for every order! The portions are great and you will not leave hungry!
-I usually always get the Falafel pita wrap!
-The Baklava is a light sweet treat I would recommend!
Even with all the new places opening at Temple, Pita Chip remains king!I've ordered twice via UberEats and i'm not really understanding the hype. First time I ordered a Falafel wrap and the Falafel had a weird taste, like it wasn't fresh. I decided to order something else the 2nd time and got a rice bowl with chicken and various toppings. The food still doesn't feel fresh and tastes blend. I feel like I'm eating someone's left over from the day before. Disappointed.This restaurant was in the middle of my commute, with some time to kill, so I decided to stop in after reading some positive reviews. The ingredients were wide in variety, fresh and so very flavorful. I loved the sauces and the way my wrap came together. I haven't seen anything like this place before. To top off my experience, the service was friendly and helpful. It was almost as if ::gasp:: these employees enjoyed working there. I would love to return if I get the chance.I love this place. Everyone is always friendly and nice. I can say I order from them at least twice a week!I went here today for lunch for the 1st time. It was fantastic! I had a rice bowl, and the price was great! I will be a regular from now on! Thanks for a great meal!Pita chip is AMAZING!! I try and go here as often as possible because it's so reasonably priced, so easy to order in store and online, and the portions are HUGE. I'm normally someone who can finish anything but the bowl platters here are huge and can last me a few days! They're also very cheap for the amount of good, fresh food they give you. Also, the baklava is to die for!! I usually don't like baklava but when I saw it was 99¢ and they had a Nutella flavor I had to try it!! It was gooey and delicious and I highly recommend it. If you haven't been to pita chip, go immediately!!!This place is awesome. Today was my first time trying it. I found it while searching for lunch spots near the Liacoras Center (it's about a block or two away) while my mom and I waited for our concert to start. The staff was very friendly, patient, and explained everything clearly due to that being my first time in. I got a rice bowl with falafel, grilled veggies, seasoned onions, roasted red pepper hummus (delicious), parsley, lettuce and salsa- and don't forget the tahini sauce (also delicious). I've had falafel a few times before, but this was the best I've ever had. It was seasoned and fried perfectly. I had to get a side order to go! For six more pieces, it cost almost $3, I believe. Can't beat that. Everything was so fresh and delicious, and so reasonable. Two meals and two drinks for around $17-18. I even used Yelp to check in and got free chips and hummus. The thing is, the portion is big enough to get two meals out of one. At least for us it was. I'll be back for the falafel, hummus and great service soon!Amazing is the word. Where do I start? Every item they serve is seasoned so well and tasty. I don't eat meat but I had to try the chicken which was so good. This place is like a middle eastern Chipotle but 1000 times better. The vegetables are also very delicious, I'm def going back.Eat here almost every other day! The owners run the place and they are all so so friendly. The food feels like it's cooked with so much love, just like home food, so fresh and healthy. Also great quantity for the prices. These guys are the best on campus. Try their chicken bowls and you will forget every food truck. I would give them a 10 star.I've never really been big on Mediterranean food, but Pita Chip makes me think twice before opting for the typical Friday night pizza. A few days ago, a friend of mine recommended I give it a try since I work in the area.
Upon walking in, I was impressed by the fresh, Temple-themed decor. When it was my turn to order, I had no clue what I'd like so I just asked the two young guys behind the counter to make me something good. They laughed, and put together a Beef Shawarma wrap with a side of fries. 
The way you order your meal and watch it be prepared right before you is very reminiscent of Chipotle. The wrap was exceptional! It had a nice balance of rice, veggies and meat. One of the employees even brought out samples of falafel for me to try. I don't remember the last time I ate something so fresh and filling! 
This establishment is going to do very well. They've even gone as far as developing an app that allows you to order whatever you'd like right off your cell phone. I see this hitting home with the Temple students. 
My favorite aspect of Pita Chip is the friendly, welcoming vibe you feel as soon as you walk in the door. I highly suggest you all give it a try!This place is awesome. So it's basically like a Greek version of Chipotle. They have a rice bowl or burrito made with pita bread. As usual choice of meats and veggies, but the difference from chipotle is that they give you a choice of humus. The humus is very good. Try the roasted red pepper humus. Overall it is great (quantity and quality) food, at a reasonable price.This was my first time at Pita Chip, but it certainly will not be my last! I stumbled upon this restaurant today while looking for a lunch option and was not disappointed! The service was wonderful--the guys working really walked us through the different options and even gave us some samples to try some new things. I appreciated that they not only had the build your own option but some preset options to choose from. If you like Mediterranean style food, you should stop by this place! I will be recommending it to everyone I know!Pita chip did a pop up lunch at my job. My coworker had it last time they came by and I had a taste and was so mad I didn't try it. I noticed they were coming back again and went for it this time. I had the salad bowl with chicken and beef. The food was fresh and delicious! If that had a location near me I know I would be there a few times a week. I loved it!The restaurant is very unorganized and the guy behind the counter is very rude. They line up so many delivery   bags on the counter that you won't know which bag belongs to you for take out. They will tell you to just grab the bag and there was a bag without a label on it so I had to assume it went with my order. I had to go back to return the other bag and he was nasty saying it was my fault. There is absolutely no place to park or even stop so if you want to go there to eat you better be on a bus or walking. I'll never go there again. Poor customer service. I'll have a rating on the food soon.Best cheap and easy lunch I've found close to TU. Love the shawarma wrap with pickled turnips!My work has Fooda and Pita Chip was the restaurant they brought in for the day.  I ordered a salad bowl with falafel and chicken shawarma and it was amazing!  All of the food was so fresh. Their hot sauce and tahina are so damn good too. The hot sauce definitely had a kick to it but I love spicy stuff so I didn't mind. People more sensitive to heat may not like it.  I hope Fooda brings Pita Chip back to my work but I'm lucky it's not too far from my apartment.  I will definitely order again.Fantastic!!!!
I just ordered from GrubHub and everything was awesome...the food, driver, and the price!!!!
I got SOOOO much for SOOOO little.  I was in the mood for Middle Eastern food and decided to give it a try and man, let me tell you...I will be ordering again!
The order came within 20 minutes and was 100% accurate.  I ordered a rice bowl with chicken shwarma with a bunch of sides, suaces and hummus.  Everything was great.  And to finish it off I order $1.00 baklava.  YES, I said $1.00!!!!  It was a little small, but the rice bowl was so filling, the Baklava  was just right!
Definitely a new go-to spot!!!!!Felt like the Mediterranean Chipotle, in a good way. Fast casual setting. You can pick between a wrap, rice bowl, or salad bowl, then pick a meat/topping, hummus, and add an unlimited variety of vegetables and toppings. I got the rice bowl with chicken shawarma, topped with tabbouleh, cilantro, parsley, cucumbers and tomatoes, and chutney sauce along with pita and hummus dip. I was pleasantly surprised at the quantity and it tasted awesome! Planning to return shortly.I have never eaten Mediterranean food in my entire life. The only exception has been an occasional Gyro on the boardwalk. I stopped in a pita chip today on my lunch break. I only did so because the other restaurant  I was going to was entirely too crowded.
I have to say that I was thrilled with my pita wrap. The women that were working there were extremely helpful and recommended some toppings and sauce for my wrap.  It was the perfect mix of salty and savory. I would highly recommend trying it if you are in the temple area.  It was a large size wrap and cost approximately 8.A middle-eastern Chipotle? My prayers have been answered!!
In all honesty, Pita Chip is definitely a great addition to Temple University's campus.  I have had their beef shawarma several times and enjoyed every bite.  They have rice bowls, pitas, salads and a handful of middle eastern mezze like hummus, tabbouleh and pickles.  BTW they have the BEST FELAFEL in the city.  Definitely give them a try.Thanks to the power of Yelp, I found this new place on Temple's campus. They give you a huge portion, and it actually tastes good! I got a beef shawarma with almost all the veggies. I opted for the garlic sauce but half hot sauce. The hot sauce made me sweat... I had to take off my glasses at some point during eating lol. The price is also very fair, especially for the amount of food you get - I am having 2 meals out of it. And even better, the workers I encountered were all very friendly.A modern take on classic Middle Eastern food. Great selection of yummy sides and add ons to falafel, chicken or beef. I could go on about the fantastic food but let's talk about the amazing service.  I worked hard not to eat it all just so I could enjoy the leftovers tomorrow!  Staff working the line are amazingly efficient and offered the best recommendations that perfectly matched my tastes. For a quick service eatery, I was so touched by their care for all customers.Pita Chip comes to my work sometimes as a guest caterer for lunch -- I get it every time! I love their chicken, always super fresh food.Mediterranean food is one of my favorites and this place just has a classic taste. The food seems fresh and the vegetables are nicely crisp. The food that goes in fit well together. It's similar to chipotle where you choose what you want inside. My only downside is the price could be a little lower but overall the food is great. Would I go back? Absolutely.This place is the best thing to happen to Philly, I wouldn't be surprised with this restaurant blowing up and opening across the country the food is so good and the eat in area is really nice tooThe falafel is fantastic. Perfectly crunchy and great flavor. And you can get five huge falafel for just $2.50!! You can't beat that! It was quite busy when I came in, I would suggest they improve their assembly line so they can serve customers quicker. Took almost 15 minute to get a side order of falafel. But otherwise Great value, great food, nice people, you can't go wrong!My boyfriend and I ordered delivery through GrubHub. At first I was skeptical since the prices were so low, but after reading other glowing yelp reviews decided to give Pita Chip a shot. And I have to say, they were totally right.  Pita Chip is bomb! 
Tasty mediterranean that doesn't put a dent your pocket. It's a straightforward menu, similar to the falafel carts better and with different options. Their serving sizes are more modest, but far from meager.  My boyfriend and I split a hummus and still had some leftover.  The falafels are tasty and decently sized; they come with a variety of sauce containers.  
Since we ordered delivery I have yet to venture inside Pita Chip, but after my experience I will definitely be checking it out in the future.  So glad that there is finally falafel around the Temple area--this may be my new go-to mediterranean spot!Pita Chip was brought into my office building. I loved my salad!! It was fresh and I loved the variety. I ordered beef shawarma with a ton of toppings. Also, that buffalo sauce was awesome. I loved the heat. I am looking forward to the next time Pita Chip comes back to my office.Ordered a pita bread wrap, an order of french fries and a piece of baklava through ubereats. Everything arrived hot and the beef pita wrap was very flavorful. You have many options as far as toppings go for the pita which is a plus. The baklava was sweet and flaky.  The French fries were pretty greasy so that's not something I would order here again. This is a great place for Mediterranean food.We ordered catered lunch for our monthly LOB meeting and it was fantastic! Great setup, everyone enjoyed and of course the food was amazing. We'll definitely be ordering from here again.This is probably one of my favorite restaurants. It is very convenient and affordable! They give you a good amount of food for their prices. I would recommend this to anyone! I usually go after class at least once a week because of how good it is! If it is your first time I recommend you try the Pita Chips! It's the best.So delicious! The staff is very friendly and patient, walks you through the entire chipotle-like process. Beef on a pita wrap with fresh/flavorful veggies, + garlic sauce for the win. Huge portion. Already looking forward to my next one.I have ordered the beef shawarma in a pita wrap on at least five different occasions.  It has been wonderful every time; the meat is fresh and so are the sides--red cabbage, tabouli, tahini sauce, seasoned onions.
I also suggest their Baklava (it's made fresh in house).I'd really give this place a 3.5 because at least I'd go back for certain things. First time I ordered from Pita Chip was through UberEats. I got the stuffed grapes leaves and chicken shawarma salad. The grape leaves were okay. I've definitely had better elsewhere. The chicken shawarma salad was very tasty. The second time, I ordered from them through grubhub. I'm not familiar with Temple's campus so finding parking was a headache. I like that I can go inside and just grab my order from the pickup counter and go. This time I got the 5 falafels (they threw in an extra bag!) and chicken shawarma on pita. I loooove falafel but these were gross, burnt, definitely not fresh, might have been from the day or two before... No wonder they gave me an extra five. They were trying to get rid of that crap! The chicken shawarma however was the saving grace. Very good! So i think I'll stick to that if I ever go back.Very authentic mediterranean food. I love their falafel. Salad and their chicken shawarma. The only one place I found in philly who uses Turkish pita bread  you should try shawarma with pita bread and garlic sauce with French fries inside itDelicious food and friendly people! I'd definitely return or recommend it. They even have vegan tahini sauce.Food is delicious and affordable. Service is great and they deliver on a fantastic meal every time. Quality ingredients usedMy first time having Mediterranean - loving it so far! 
I tried the beef and chicken shawarma rice bowl with grilled veggies, some pico de gallo(?), and topped it with garlic and hot sauce. Really awesome combination of flavors. I wish this place were closer to where I live, because I would come here almost every day!
Very helpful and friendly service is also a plus. Have not ordered from them through GrubHub, but I've heard most problems are on GrubHub's side, not the restaurant itself. Definitely give them a try if you're in the area!The falafel is fantastic. Perfectly crunchy and great flavor. And you can get five huge falafel for just $2.50!! You can't beat that! It was quite busy when I came in, I would suggest they improve their assembly line so they can serve customers quicker. Took almost 15 minute to get a side order of falafel. But otherwise Great value, great food, nice people, you can't go wrong!After a dozen visits, it's time to finally review one of Temple's staples. I am blessed to have so many options to food throughout the city, especially with the onslaught of Caviar and Postmates, but a favorite routine I have with my boyfriend is to stop at Pita Chip to grab bowls.
There is a good amount of seating but it can get crowded depending on when you come. 
To those who have never been, ordering is akin to being at a Chipotle. You pick your style: pita or bowl (rice, salad, or half and half). Then you go forth and get wild with whatever toppings you'd like.
The website lists your options if you like to plan your orders in advance. I don't dislike any of the toppings but if you might, I'd suggest asking for an item on the side to see if you like it or not. 
I love love LOVE the buffalo tahini sauce (I haven't gotten anything else) but my boyfriend says the original one is good too! I also saw a vegan sauce option so my vegan pals, keep that in mind!
The prices are pretty decent in my opinion as your bowl option is HUGE (I can never finish it) and it's around $8 or so. I tend to get a rice and salad bowl with spicy hummus and falafel (AMAZING), along with their onions, tabouleh, salsa, and cilantro. Yes, it's as good as it sounds. Yes, if you are reading this and considering coming/ordering here, just do it already.Fries with garlic sauce are always great. I love the chicken wrap and the grilled veggies are always tasty and flavorful. When you sign up for their emailing list they send you couponsThe food here is delicious and healthy. The portions are good and the price is reasonable. It's kind of a Mediterranean food chipotle where you can build your bowl and tell them what you want in it. It's more mainstream style than super authentic, but still very yummy!I'm from the Middle East and this is the closest authentic shawarma I could get in Philadelphia! Really cool owners, nice place, awesome food! Try the chicken shawarma on pita with roast pepper hummus and no rice! It's awesome! And guess what, they're hot sauce is out of the world, best I've had in The U.S!Very delicious cuisine. The chicken bowl I had had everything from hummus to roasted Mediterranean vegetables. The garlic dressing topped off a perfectly engineered creation. I would say the chicken must be marinated overnight in its spices because it was so tasteful. The rice gave the dish the final Mediterranean touch that I have come a custom to being from Queens. Highly recommended for a visit and will become a regular spot when I am in Philadelphia again. 5 stars here.