I have loved Pita Pit ever since college, when I lived directly above one and ate there all the time.  I order online from the Philly Pita Pit frequently, and I love their turkey pita.  I love that you can pick all of the ingredients, but don't love that they stop delivering at 10 on weekends!  I enjoy the mailing list (there are a lot of great offers for in-store orders or pickup orders) but many times the offers aren't valid for deliveries :(This is a great lunch spot!  If you are tired of the greasy choices nearby and want something healthy, organic and delicious definitely try the pita pit.  My favorite is probably the veggie cheese steak with peppers, mushrooms and grilled onions, yum!  There are multiple toppings and sauces to choose from for your pita.  The only thing I wish they would add is avocados to their menu.  They have guacamole but it's not the same.
Also, I recommend joining their mailing list.  They don't bombard your inbox everyday, but periodically send out emails regarding specials they may be having that day!Cheap with fresh ingredients and huge pitas. It's well worth it.  Also very socially conscious... green policies, dontations to cancer research.... They're the best.We came here to grab a quick lunch and left full and pretty pleased overall.  The food came out quickly and my Greek god pita was flavorful and nicely toasted (per request). Get the yelp deal and bring along a friend for a cheap meal. Plenty of veggie options although I must say that the hummus is not the best ever.  If you like pina colada, try the Maui wowi smoothie.Loved pretty much everything about it. The place is clean, staff is nice, options are awesome. I like how they have vegetarian menu and not just one veggie item. I had the babganoosh with lots of veggies, salsa and secret sauce on white pita. It was yum the pita was the right texture. The veggies were fresh and it was all so flavorful. Something was spicy in there too. Which was good surprise for me as I love spicy food.
I would go there again.Great variety of food for all types and friendly staff make this a great quick stop on crowded 16th st.Some weeks, I am certifiably obsessed with this place.  As in, I might order Pita Pit every single day.  And considering that I only eat one meal on most days, that's a lot of Pita Pit dedication.  
I love the hummus pita.  And at only 240 calories, it's completely guilt-free.  I also love that I can pile on all the fresh veggies I want here.  And I do mean fresh - the produce quality here is far and above anything else I've had in Philly (sidenote - why is it SO hard to get fresh veggies in this city??).  
Pita Pit is fab.  Enough said.Kinda sad when this place closed but it was replaced by Honeygrow so it's tough to stay sad very long.When I walked into the Pita Pit for the first time not too long ago, it made me wonder, "Why hadn't I tried this place eons ago?" They have pitas for any time of the day (including breakfast!), the staff is very friendly and apt to provide suggestions if you are a first-time customer, like I was; granted, my order was very simple--just turkey and cheese on a wheat pita, but it was GOOD!  I also got one of their smoothies, I believe it was the Purple Convertible, and the portion was quite generous, but for what it was, it was worth it.  I will definitely be back!It's a spruced up Subway, don't expect a lot. Some of the staff are very lackluster.
The food and prices are decent overall as long as you get fresh ingredients. They also have really good smoothies but these probably have a ton of sugar.
I don't come here often but get dragged along in a group from time to time. Luckily there is a Subway next door in case you want to be that guy who gets food from somewhere else and eat it here. I've been that guy before and since it's a bunch of eleventeen-year-olds working the counters I didn't really give a crap. 
If you're really into gyros and falafels, this might become your go-to spot. Subway has cheaper and healthier options though so that remains my pro-health sub shop when I'm trying to cleans from a week of chipotle/cheesecake factory.I really wanted falafel but i didnt feel like heading out in the rain, so we decided to order in. I stumbled upon a listing for pita pit and it all sounded good, so we ordered.
The falafel was DRY, like the powder one would use to make falafel but with nothing added. I ordered it with feta cheese, which was tastey- hummus for an extra dollar- which I paid but did NOT receive, lettuce, tomato, and tzatziki. Overall I would rate the sandwich as alright. But in short- there are MUCH better places to grab a falafel for the cost in the city and I shoulda known better. my bad.
The bf on the other hand had a bbq chicken wrap and enjoyed it thoroughly - maybe it's just the falafel.I set out looking for Pita Pocket on 16th but stumbled into this one first.
Nice cheap quick pitas with veggie options made pretty quickly. Nothing to special but not too bad either. Mmmm... falafel.I know people are saying this place is convenient and fast or whatever, but COME ON. this place is bad. really bad. It's basically subway on a pita. My roommate and i got pita's here and neither one of our orders had any flavor and the vegetables all tasted funny. i wouldn't go here again. I think you're better off packing yr lunch, eating an apple and saving your money for food that doesn't taste like cardboard.they have vegan "meat" as an option for their pita wraps now too! i really like this place bc everything is fresh, they stuff their pitas to the max, they have breakfast options, and theyre always playing 90s alternarock inside when i go in.So there's this book called "Too Much Choice: Why More is Less" by Prof. Barry Schwartz.  From what I gather, the idea is that in modern societies, too much choice depresses consumers by causing regret and fear about missed opportunities (I've never actually read the book, but Prof. Schwartz's ideas intrigue me, and I wish to subscribe to his newsletter).  Looking at Pita Pit's menu, I get what Prof. Schwartz is talking about.  It's all build-your-own pitas with no preconceived rules about what goes with what.  Do you want nothing but chicken and hummus?  Ok, they're cool with that.  How about falafel, spinach and olives?  No problem.  For me, the difficulty began when I ordered their vegetarian cheesesteak.  See, it's actually in a pita (ok, that's one area where you don't have any choice).  But beyond that, you can put whatever the hell you want on the sandwich.  You don't even need to put cheese on it.  To make matters worse, although I think the guys who work there are great, they are not very helpful with the choice-making, as shown in the following exchange:
Me: What should I get on the vegetarian cheesesteak?
Pita guy: Pickles?
Me: Um, no, I don't think so.
Pita guy (wearing hopeful expression): Carrots?
Me (wearing disgusted expression): Really?  Carrots on a cheesesteak?
Pita guy: Guac?
Me: Ok!
Eventually, I realized he was just listing every item in the deli case, forcing me to make my own choice.  Clever!  The moral of this story: all your too-much-choice problems can be solved by adding guacamole to everything.
p.s. the tvp and guacamole pita (with sauteed mushrooms) is delightful but very drippy.  get extra napkins.Pita Pit is fresh and delicious, and they offer breakfast pitas all day so +1 star in my book.
Lots of vegetarian options, including a veggie buffalo chicken which I've never had but have seen being made, and it looks pretty good.  I usually get hummus with avocado and every other veggie. 
Try to avoid the mid-day weekday lunch rush from 12-1. I saw they have "happy hour" from 4-6 where you get some special if you purchase a drink.A great place to grab lunch if you work in Center City.  You can pick from several different pre-made pitas or just start from scratch and build your own. I've heard the buffalo chicken sauce described as "addicting as crack"... but the white tsatsiki sauce is my favorite.  But even after going there about a dozen times I still can't pronounce it right.. "tess-teek-ee?"  The guys behind the counter get the drift. And I especially like that they kept serving tomatoes through the scare, and when I interrogated them about it, they replied, "we washed them extra good." Perfect.I am not usually a person to write a review, but I felt compelled to share my experience with other people who might potentially think about ordering food from this terrible place.  Last night, I ordered a couple of pita sandwiches for delivery.  The person who took my order assured me that the order would be delivered within a half hour.  1 hour and 15 minutes later, I called Pita Pit asking about my order.  The same person replied, "Ummm, well, I think the driver should be on his way soon."  I sat for another 15 minutes, making my wait a solid 1 hour and 30 minutes!  (Keep in mind that I live about a 10 minute walk from PIta Pit).  In any case, I called the store to check on my order again, and this time was told that the driver had tried to call me and that the store had tried to call me.  At first, I thought that I might have missed a call, so I checked my cell phone records.  I didn't have a voicemail or a missed call.  This was a blatant lie--particularly, since the person's story changed about three times.  First, he claimed that the store called me, but that my phone was busy (this, by the way, is impossible, since my phone has call waiting and when 2 calls are being handled, calls get directed to voicemail immediately).  Second, he claimed that the driver attempted to contact me as well, which was, again, a blatant lie (there were no phone records indicating that anybody tried to call me during this hour-and-a-half-wait-from-hell).  Third, he then stumbled through another lie and said that he didn't have my phone number and that this was the reason they couldn't contact me.  Either the cashier is incompetent, or a really bad liar.  In either case, his story is riddled with holes.  
And if this wasn't enough to deter you from this horrible place, here's the best part: I politely asked to be refunded for the pita sandwiches that I ordered (and never received) and was told by the cashier AND the manager, that I would be promptly refunded at the end of the night.  Both said that they would void the charge and refund my debit card.  This would make sense, right? I don't think I'd sound crazy, if I said,  
"You shouldn't have to pay for food that you didn't receive."  Well, this morning, I checked my bank account and the charge has NOT been removed.  So, in addition to wasting 1.5 hours waiting for food that never arrived, and dealing with rude and incompetent customer service, I now have to take time to dispute charges with my bank and ask for a refund...AGAIN.
For those who are looking for good falafel or take-out in Center City, try another place.  There are tons of better options nearby (who, by the same won't take 1.5 hours to NOT deliver food and then try to charge you for food that you never received).
This is by far the WORST experience I have ever had in Philadelphia with take-out.I won a gift certificate at a Yelp event a few months back, and luckily remembered it in my wallet when the boyfriend and I were wandered around in a post-Christmas shopping coma. I have to admit, I was shocked. They had so many veggie options, and a new delicious veggie steak. The pita was huge. But what really got me was the toppings bar - SO MANY OPTIONS! 4 kinds of peppers, hummus, guac, baba ganoush, fresh baby spinach, 10 sauces, I was in heaven. And they weren't skimpy with the hot sauce, either. Unfortunately, I tried to squeeze all the toppings into one pita, and in the end, I had the eat the crumbled remains of my sandwich with a work. If I'm in the neighborhood hungry again, I'll be back.I like Pita Pit because they offer vegetarian options, as well as smoothies.  Another pro is that they deliver.  
Being that it is one of the few places that will deliver healthy food, I find myself ordering for delivery a lot, especially around exams time.  They allow online ordering through www.allmenus.com, but they also take orders over the phone.  My phone experience with them has been fine, but I'm not a fan of going into order the food, even though this does occur quite frequently, too.  The service is....lacking.  I don't know what it is exactly, but maybe they lack enthusiasm, or they're tired, or they want more tips??  They just seem like they don't really want to be there helping me to get my grub on.  I come in pretty often, too, that you'd think they'd recognize me by now, but no, they don't.  Sad face. 
But enough on the staff.  The wraps, salads, and smoothies are customizable, which earns them many stars.  You can get the California Wrap, for instance, and opt to include your favorite cheese, sauce, veggies, etc.  You can also choose to go with a smoothie from their list, or you can create your own.  I have no idea how much they charge per ingredient bc I've failed to look at my receipts.  It's a pretty great thing, though, the customizability.  
My favorite wrap to get is the veggie buffalo wrap with the recommended fixins.  I wish they still had baba ghanoush, but this was discontinued sometime ago, even though it's still on their online menu.  If you'd like an extra snack, get their pita chips - they're housemade and seasoned - so yumm!
I started a detox recently, and I wish they had something like grilled tuna steak salads.  However, I digress.  I am thankful for the Pita Pit because this place gets me through my finals.Really cool, fresh idea here!  I've been watching so much America's Next Great Restaurant and I could see this idea winning if it was on there.  It's basically the Greek version of Chipotle.  Replace the wraps with pitas and substitute the mounds of meats and starches for healthier options and that's what you have here.  They also have plenty of vegetarian options as well like hummus and falafel. 
I had the Greek God pita with chicken souvlaki, lamb gyro, tomatoes, onions, baby spinach, feta and tzatziki sauce.  I now know why its called that cuz after I bit into this glorious pita, I was in heaven.  So much flavor.  I really love how they grill up the meat as you order it too.  
Also, if you're a first timer here and have a smart phone, you can take a survey and get a free pita on the spot!  I did this along with my Living Social $20 coupon that I bought for $10 and ended up paying just an additional 26 cents for three pitas, an order of hummus and pita to dip, chips and two drinks.  That's a whopping 10.26!  
Yes, that did enhance my experience greatly, but there's no way around how good the food tasted.  I'm around that way a few times a month and I'd love to stop back in and get my Greek God pita or even try a new one.  Great fast casual spot!WOW!!  I just went there today for the first time and I will be returning very soon!  I built my own salad and put veggie chicken on it! Yummm! It's not expensive (less than salad works), a lot of different choices and the staff was super friendly and helpful!  I'm so excited to have found this place!!!I liken this spot to a Subway with different "bread."  The setup is the same-guy standing behind veggies asking what you want on your sandwich.  For a quick, semi-nutritious lunch, this is a good stand by.  if you are watching calories you can customize the pita to be as high or low calorie as you'd like.  If you are in the mood for good gyro, falafel, soulvaki, etc., look elsewhere.  But things that are hard to mess up (ie grilled chicken) are a safe bet at the Pita Pit.Thank you, kind sirs of Pita Pit, for making sure I had a healthy lunch that didn't consist of anything sugary. If not for you, I probably wouldn't make it through the rest of my day.
You greeted me warmly, explained the many, many choices I had (I tend to get a bit overwhelmed sometimes) and then made my lunch so fast that I barely had time to figure out where I was going to sit. Bonus points for letting me pick out whatever I wanted to stuff into that yummy whole wheat pita pocket. Heaven only knows what I would have done if I had been confronted with raw onions without prior permission. Considering the day I'm having, I probably would have burst into tears and ran away.
But you were so sensitive, Pita Pit. You gave me tomatoes, black olives and American Cheese in such a loving way. And you even offered me my beloved honey mustard sauce. How do you know me so well when we just met for the first time today?
I don't live in the delivery area, so you can't visit me at my house. But trust me, Mr. Pit. I'll be back.
Oh yes...I'll be back for more.Okay, so the choices of the pitas aren't that spectacular. It's basically like a healthier version of Subway. But it's cheap and you can easily get a lot of food. And the place claims it's green. And the place claims that it uses environmentally-friendly lighting. And the music that they play is usually good. I've been there twice. It's been decent mid-90s alt-rock. Go "My Own Worst Enemy." Go Offspring.
The people there are pretty friendly too. My friend and I chilled for a couple hours after we were done eating, mooching off the free water (and bucket of lemons) and we didn't get hassled.
Go for the falafal--it's pretty delish. Or try the buffalo chicken with blue cheese. And make sure you get the wheat pita. (I want to try the "forkless" pita next. Apparently you save on the calorie intake, whatever that means). Maybe we should all try  a smoothie too, if we ever start making the big bucks?Yay!  Imagine my surprise over two years ago when I realized Pita Pit took up residence on 16th.  It was my college go-to for four years and I was so happy this establishment finally made an appearance in Philly.
If you can dodge the ever present Subway sandwich that tries to entice you into their doors, you can find your way to the newly-yellow painted Pita Pit.  Service is pleasant and lightning fast - and ingredients are almost always super fresh (because I go there, admittedly at least once a week, the lettuce - esp. the spinach can get a bit wilted) So make a quick inspection of the visible ingredients before you order.
Your choices of wraps - White or wheat - the content choices - almost endless.  Veggies, meat eaters - everyone can get their fill here. Fresh Guacamole? Yep!  Drool-inducing Tzaziki?  Yessir!  Chipolte mayo? Ahoy! 
A crazy selection of meats, sauces and dressings and ingredients - you can make every combination possible!   They fill the Pitas right up - so you get your money's worth - the ratio of contents to meat, is always 2 :1 - but I like it that way.
I've eaten here more than I'd like to admit (okay, then it's my home away from home- you got me!) and this is my in my top 5 for cheap lunch (or dinner) eats in the city!Similar to Subway but on Pita bread. The food is great (not amazing but I'd recommend it as a fast, cheap, and healthy meal). Also, I like the whole "greenness" and eco-friendliness of pita pit.I heard a lot of great things about Pita Pit before my first visit.  I had worked with a couple of people who swore by it and it's pitas.  After much deliberation of whether or not my lone free hour of the day should be fulfilled by pita, I decided to give it a try.  To my dismay, the Pita was lacking in both size and awesomeness.  Sure, they are okay, but in no means something to be "talked up."  In my opinion there are places around this area where your buck goes a lot further than stuffed inside a piece of flat bread.Love this place. I love fake meat, seitan, etc and Pita Pit has delicious veggie sandwiches. Highly recommend!a haiku:
mediocre eats;
hummus and baba so bland
but the price is nice.Oh Pita Pit. It took me two days to finally find you (it's on 16th not Sansom). But to my dismay, I still had the juicy, tasty goodness of Alyan's fresh pita in my mind when I ordered here for lunch.
First off, I love the talking cartoon vegetable signs and friendly decor with Snoop Dog pumping. The ordering/making process is similar to Qdoba or El Fuego (go down the line and tell them what to throw in).
Unfortunately, the ingredients are so uninspired, no matter what you make it always comes out lacking juicy flavor. It's kinda bland and/or dry.
For example the main meat choices are chicken, steak,roast beef etc. (they also have vegetarian), the toppings stuff like: olives, cucumbers, feta cheese, spinach, pickles, peppers, etc. Toppings are things like terriyaki, ketchup, mayo, honey mustard, etc.
ALl this makes for such a bland pita. For example, when you order babaganouj (baba-ga-nush) at  Alyan's (off South Street) you get eggplant sauteed with onions. At Pita Pit you get some kind of pasty spread.
They also have breakfast pitas, which seem better and creative, and smoothies.
Good place for healthy people, but completely likes flavor and authenticity.i agree that most of the reviewers who gave low star-points kind of missed the boat. the pita pit doesn't profess to have authentic mid-eastern cuisine, and thus shouldn't be criticized for having the wrong kind of eggplant. don't expect flavors like you've had overseas. you can, however, expect a fresh, healthy and delicious pita, quickly made right before your hungry eyes. the veggies are always crispy, the meat/falafel is seasoned just right and please tell me where in philadelphia you could find a better, more entertaining staff. a visit to the pita pit is always a much anticipated break to my day. while you shouldn't expect a culinary vacation to lands far off and warm, you can most definitely expect a satisfyingly fabulous meal with lots of bang for your buck. the pita pit definitely gets my seal of approval.I love this spot. 
One of my new go to lunch spots. The buffalo chicken on wheat pita is unreal. - sooo good and the perfect size.  I am usually in and out of there in no time - and everything is made to order subway style.Came here mainly due to a groupon deal and I'm glad I did.  Will be buying another one today!
The pitas are huge and I love being able to customize them with whatever veggie and sauce you like.  The servers were friendly and didn't mind me wanting to add ~10 separate ingredients to my pita.  
The prices are a little steep without the Groupon deal though, $6-8 for a pita.  But it is good if you are craving some whole grain pitas and want to avoid some carbs.
I got the Greek God pita and it was awesome. Tender, moist, and not too messy.Pita Pit has some great (and healthy) options and is an excellent alternative to the Subway down the street.  They have some base ingredients that they throw together and you add whatever veggies you think will go well.  The people there are usually really busy, so they're not always the most friendly, but the cashier is always cheerful and talkative.  The place gets pretty packed around lunchtime so try and go a little earlier or a bit later.  I recommend the Chicken Crave! They also do half priced pitas on every first Thursday if you print out the coupon on their website!It's called the Pita Pit, so expectations shouldn't be that high. This is a great place to grab a sandwich for a quick lunch to bring back to the office though. Also, when they first opened, they gave out a gagillion coupons for $2 pitas, so you really can't go wrong with that. Breakfast pitas are decent.For being as busy as this place is on a daily basis, I have to first give a HUGE thumbs up to The Pita Pit employees....the place was clean clean! Hard to find a "fast food" style place that can keep up cleanliness with customers coming through the door.  The person at the counter was friendly, and answered any questions I had.  I got the Falaffel pita, with a whole wheat pita and hummus , along with all the veggies I could handle.  It was a very awesome pita if I do say so.  I'll definitely  come back again, and again and again...I loved this place :)DON'T GO HERE
Here's an idea Pita Pit: Don't put smoothies on the menu if you can't be bothered to (1) make them in a timely fashion and (2) make them so they are edible.
How do you screw up a smoothie?  For shame.I love the Faita Pita veggie chicken on their menu. I have had it so many times and I LOVE the sauce they put in it. Havent tried smooties or other things. Lots of vegetarian option which is just great.This place is the truth.  I eat here about once a week.  Load up a pita with your choice of ingredients and they put it together in no time.  The staff is friendly and I feel like it's a good value (even though I wouldn't call it cheap).  Quick, easy, relatively healthy, and sometime different (for me, at least).  I'm quickly filling up my frequent buyer card; waitin' for that 11th free pita!  Pretty good unsweetened iced tea.  Two outdoor tables and a good amount of indoor seating, especially for a pretty small place.I stopped here on a weekend afternoon and enjoyed the veggie steak pita. There were a lot of interesting flavors and I appreciated that they grill the vegetarian stuff on a separate grill from the meat. It was satisfying but not overly filling- and that whole wheat pita was more flavorful than the average whole wheat pita for sure!
I also tried the cucumber salad, which was okay, but definitely not worth $2.95. 
The counter staff was really friendly and offered suggestions of toppings for my pita. The place was immaculately clean. 
I'll definitely be back to try another of their delicious pitas!I arrived slightly unnerved since Pita Pit was completely empty at 7PM on a Friday night, but I decided to go ahead and order since I had read good reviews on Yelp. I had a delicious whole wheat gyro pita with tzatziki, spinach, mushrooms, tomatoes, and sprouts.  I generally avoid ordering tomatoes at restaurants since they're usually bland and mealy, but Pita Pit's were perfectly ripe and flavorful.  The gyro meat was heated over a griddle, quite juicy, and well-seasoned.  The service was pleasant, which is a rarity in Philadelphia :p.  The portions are generous, but the price was a little steep without sides (~$7.50 including tax).  I'll buy a Yelp coupon for the next time I return, which will definitely be soon!Plenty of vegetarian options if you are vegetarian.Pretty quick service. If you ask nicely they will warm upthe cookies for you.
Also don't ask for pbjs, it ll take a while. Im convinced they hide the jelly somewhere, as they can never find it. But then again I'm being a diva and asking for pbj on pita bread. Yeah please don't judge.
Regardless I find myself stoping in here whenever I'm feeling like a vegetarian for a quick bite. They even make the vegetarian food on a different grill. The texture of the fake meats isn't the greatest but overall it not that bad.As a Temple student I ate falafel, gyros, etc from food trucks that were MUCH better than anything I've had here and probably for less than 5 bucks. Mediochre, and too expensive for what it is.I haven't had lunch there in a while, so I decided to have lunch there today. I ordered grilled chicken on a whole wheat pita, with pineapples, olives, tomato, spinach, provolone cheese, and a little bit of honey mustard.
As you can see from my list, it's pretty open as to what you can put on your pita. The grilled chicken has stepped up since I first started eating there. Now they give you more chicken than before. It's possible that I got lucky and the guy cooking the meat just gave me more than usual.It's perfect! You can get your pita as a sandwich or a salad. Any toppings you want. And a smoothie to wash it down. "I pita 'da fool" who doesn't eat here.
I just wish I knew where I could get one of those sweet bicycle jerseys the staff wear.Mmmmm Pita Pit! I eat here a lot. I go to school right on Chestnut and 16th at the Art Institute and come here all the  time for lunch. I was there yesterday actually. I love their hummus and their baba. I wanted falafel but forgot my debit card and only had enough cash on me for something cheaper lol. This place is great for fresh, tasty and fast!i didn't find it so hard to find.. but i've stumbled by it on enough trips back from different bars in the area i kinda remembered where it was. 
Anyway, it's a chain-like-place but it's cheap NOMZ NOMZ NOMZ.  I do like the smoothies but smoothies I guess you can get anywhere.
They deliver to my work, for cheap so I do get them pretty often.I am very pleased to report that things are improving at "the Pit".
Better tasting hummus (supposedly now sourced by Sabra Salads) and fresher toppings.
I tried the Greek God (no onions, no feta) and it was very good.
My faith is restored in the Pita Pit! Keep it clean, keep it fresh  - and I'll be back for sure.
Hooray!This is my favorite lunch spot for a quick healthy meal.  I usually get the chicken fajita pita, which comes with grilled onions, peppers, mushrooms.  To that I add a ton of veggies (spinach, sprouts, olives, etc) which are all included in the $6.75 price!  The staff is always friendly and I'm in an out of there in 5 minutes.Breakfast pitas made from open to close!  Huzzah!  Just don't ask for a *little* hot sauce.  They'll murder you with it.  Complete with online ordering and limited delivery area to center city.The Pita Pit is a great little lunch spot. I'm super jazzed about it too. Lunch for under 8 bucks and its freshly made right in front of your eyes. I had the Roast beef on wheat and added a bunch of fresh veggies to it. It was tasty. Its nothing spectacular but it sure beats eating a turkey sandwich for the 5th day in a row. I like it much better than subway too and its only a few doors down soo......
Check it out. It's a good 2nd option and it's a certified green restaurant!I know you guys get busy at lunch, but I put my order at 10:30 AM for 12:15 pm and when I got there I I still had to wait while they made it, was charged 55 cents more than what the total said it would be online, got white pita (YUK!) instead of the wheat I requested, and got the usual lackadasickal (sp???) service. All the smoothies, also, are sugary fruit - with all those veggies around why don't they have a green smoothie with yummy kale and spinach etc.? I'd pay for that for sure. It's a good place with good healthy food and a great green philosophy and veggie friendly, so I'll be back. But the kind of thing I went through can ruin a girl's whole day :(Thanks Pita Pit for a healthy dinner i didn't feel guilty for stuffing my face with.  So many choices and combinations i would love to try them all someday.  The sandwiches are great because they are so flavorful and light but full of tasty goodness.  The service is fast from the time i walked in to the time i sat down it was maybe 5 min it takes longer to narrow down what then it takes them to make the food.  My only thing was the girl that waited on us i don't know if she was new or just shot out prob a bit of both cuz she had no idea what was going on and she didn't greet us when we walked in she just stood at the register and stared till we were like can we have...  Deffinatly check this place out its flavorful and fulfilling with out all the guilt of stuffing your face.I was starving and this seemed like the quickest place (and I wanted falafel). Friendly staff and a lot of options but they are totally over priced for the dry, bland 'falafels' they serve. Just not good at all. The pita itself is also just...powdery and blehhhhh. Def will not be going back and you shouldn't waste your time here.I wish I could comment on the food but the food never came. We put in an order through foodler.com around 4pm yesterday. We received a phone call at 4:50 stating that "we do not deliver north of spring garden." I asked why foodler showed they did and he said "it must be a mistake"
Ok - so maybe that was foodler's mistake for showing that they would deliver to my address. But my main gripe is - they probably made the food up and then realized where we lived when the delivery guy mapped out our address.  We live 3 blocks north of spring garden which is what - an extra 10 seconds of driving? Would it really have put  pita pit out of business for going those extra 3 blocks - ESPECIALLY since we had been waiting for the food since 4pm and I'm sure they already had the food all made. What a good business would have done is deliver the food and then contact foodler to make sure this wouldn't happen again.I was expecting just a run of the mill lunch, but this place definitely impressed!  The pitas are huge and filled to the brim with deliciously fresh veggies.  I got the Greek Salad pita and added some banana peppers - fantastic and filling.  For this huge veggie pita and a drink it was about $8, definitely worth and way better than your standard mediocre lunch sandwich offerings elsewhere.  I've also seen a sign outside for $4 special during happy hour, so I'll definitely be back to check that out as well.Like subway but with more vegetarian options (which is great!). Tasty and pretty healthy :)when your arteries are crying out from too many lunches of greasy burgers and pizza, pita pit is your medicine! you can build your own pita, and watch them putting it together, and i love the way they slice it open and fold it all crazy like a burrito (do not try this at home... unless you are a master you will end up with a counter full of crumbs like i did.. =/) the hummus was very tasty. this is quite a welcomed healthy alternative for lunch!Eh.  Meh.
Whatever.  It's OK.  I prefer the pits at Aya's or Mama's.
It is a nice alternative to fast food though.
Maybe I should give them 3 stars?
They are a solid 2 and a half.
Staff are CLUELESS. Prices are low (which is helpful.)
It's relatively clean.
I just wasn't BLOWN away by my chicken pita sandwich.where is the love for pita pit?!
i don't understand these 2 star ratings!  pita pit has never proclaimed itself to be gourmet dining! 
if anything, it's a glorified subway.  what's wrong with that?
delicious pita sandwiches, perfect for lunch, made to order.
yum yum. thinking of an overstuffed pita sandwich makes me want to go over there right now!
plus they do dividend dining, so if you belong to usairways frequent fliers, make sure you pay with your card!I'm used to pita pit because there was one on my college campus in DC.  however, i was SOOOO excited to find out that this pita pit (or all of them now?) serves mock meat!  the chicken and steak taste amaaaazing, especially the veg chicken fajita pita with ancho chipotle sauce, mushrooms/peppers/onions grilled, lettuce, tomato, onion, and whatever else you want.  For a little over 7.00, you will leave full of fresh, tasty ingredients.... much better than the alternatives in the area.  the staff is pretty nice, i was to myself the last time i was there because the girl ringing me up seemed so angst-y, but no one ever looks at me funny when i load up on the extras and create the fattest pita ever.Pita Pit, I love ya.
Friendly employees, speedy service, fresh ingredients....what's not to love?  The pitas are stuffed with any combination of ingredients you fancy.  Big ups to the chipotle sauce they have.  The chicken, falafel, and veggie steak always make for a good base.  Oh, and I almost forgot about the smoothies - which are equally tasty and come in any number of combinations.
They also post a lot of specials on Twitter - twitter.com/phillypitapit - which is always a great incentive for cheapos like me.I got a falafel pita on Good Friday with spinach, corn, mushrooms, and hummus. The ingredients were all very fresh and the pita was huge - I had some left over! 
The pita chips that are sold by the bag are good too - I don't know if there are different kinds available but the ones I had seemed to have been generously sprinkled with Old Bay, which I adore! 
I may be mixing up my cuisines but Pita Pit doesn't have tabouli salad like Maoz, so I was a little disappointed.
Edit: I got a message from the owner, who thanked me for my review and said he would look into getting tabouli salad added to the menu. Even if it never happens, it's always nice when an owner reaches out to a customer!So many great things about pita pit: big tasty pita sandwiches, choose your own ingredients, healthy, inexpensive, they deliver, and they're open til 3am on fridays and saturdays!  Now that Wawas around this area seem to all be closing, where else can you get a turkey sandwich filled with condiments after the bars close?
Nothing to travel far out of your way for, but awesome for a tasty, quick, healthy sandwich.It took me roughly 20 minutes to find it when I first set out to do so, and I can honestly say that it really wasn't worth it. It's basically your new kind of Subway style chain restaurant that isn't quite a chain yet. so don't expect too much when you set foot into it. 
It does a good job of filling you up though, and you can get double meat to make some really monster sized creations. but since it's a fast food pita joint the ingredients aren't always very appealing compared to how they are at other places. since they just opened up another Wrap Shack in the same area go there instead.