Great neighborhood feel.... coldest beer around!Great staff, great food, most beers in Manayunk. The fine young man working brought me a table on my request. Great Hair hereWent here on a Friday night after the new guy said you couldn't beat the prices. I will never doubt this man again.
I will never begrudge a Dive Bar for what it is or how it looks. You have to judge a dive bar on its specials and its food. On both points, Pitchers is easily one of the best Dive Bars in Manayunk. Happy Hours starting at 1pm(trust me there was a guy waiting for them to open up that was still there at 5) and 10cent wings? You can't do better than that. And did I forget to mention HOW GOOD the wings are? The Teriyaki wings with Wassabi dipping sauce were phenomenal. I don't even want to share what my total was at the end of a couple of hours(i had two sets of friends arriving at different times, don't judge me) because they HAD to have cut me a break. Like the 5 stars indicate, As good as it gets!Pitchers Pub, a recent discovery I have made in Manayunk. Decided to come here with a friend because we heard they have cheap drinks and were looking for an inexpensive evening in Manayunk. 
The first time I visited was a Monday night around 8pm, and the place was full to our surprise. We ordered some food and 1 drink each, I saw a poster for the new Stella Artois Cidre (which I highly recommend) and gave it a try since they had it on tap, it was great and it was also very cheap. After trying it at pitchers I purchased a 24 count case for about $45. 
I have since returned to Pitchers, this time on a Sunday night and the place was still pretty full, we managed to grab two seats at the bar and ordered a couple drinks, for 4 drinks we paid $25 tip included. Not bad.
Both times going to pitchers there were dogs in there that appeared to be the customers and not the owners, so not sure why that was but it was certainly interesting. Very friendly bartenders and staff. Will definitely be frequenting here more often.Divey in all the good ways. I have never had a bad experience here. Good bar food, diverse beer list, low key atmosphere.Lived in Manayunk for the past year so we would always go out on Main Street on the weekends. Only ventured into Pitchers a couple times on a Fri/Sat and it definitely isn't a top choice considering the surrounding bars have much more to offer in space and prices. 
I give Pitchers 4 stars because they have excellent Sunday specials (we would go for Eagles games). $4 10 piece wings that are very solid and $3 domestic drafts/Twisted Teas.
All in all I think Pitchers is a good bar but it depends on which day of the week you visit. Good food but some real douchers in this place.
Also: smoking hot bartender on Sundays, WOWMake sure if you stop by, you're not a guy. Fat, gruff bartender is very protective of females sitting at the bar to the extent of driving away four paying customers on a double date.  If you're not loyal to this bar, head down to Lucky's or Beast and Ale. They're better bars, better food and better drinks. Theyre cleaner and better quality. The guy behind the bar is more interested in girls sitting at the bar to make a better presentation than what is really going on. If you wanna have a great night, don't go to Pitchers.First time in Manayunk, great bar to catch a flyers game, good selection of beers , food smells great!Great local pub. Plenty of TV's, darts in the back, decent specials and a great selection on tap that rotates fairly often. The staff is always friendly and quick with the drinks even when the place is slammed.Went to pitchers last night and was not impressed. They had more then enough staff at the door to check your ID but the service at the bar was terrible. I sat there for 15 minutes before the bartendar came over to take our order. The place was dead so the bartender should have been able to take an order. The Flyers were on so a couple of people became increasingly rowdy at the end of the bar. The bartender seemed to actually been encouraging there obnoxious behavior.  We ordered and the food was pretty decent. we ordered our last drink and even though I had been drinking the same thing for the last three drinks the bartender messed up and gave me a different soda with my whiskey. Would only go there again because it wasn't expensive.The owner was rude and created an uncomfortable environment. I tripped on the steps into the bar and he told me to "fuck off". This place would be fun under different ownership.Way over priced beer. Smells like bleach. Staff is ignorant. Beer over priced. Bunch of bros in there high fiving all night. Just a terrible place.Decent bar food with a nice rotating craft list. Pitchers is a locals bar that has nice bartenders and darts in the back.  Great bar for a chill Sunday. Weekend nights can get a little packed and the layout of the bar makes it feel a little cramped when you don't have a seat. Overall a bar I frequent  to just grab a beer.Good beer, excellent prices.  Packed even early on in the night.  Definitely a good choice if you're looking for a place to drink with friends, but you have to be lucky to get a place to sit.  Oh, and no cover phew!Best Bar Food I've Everrr Had 
I've never drank here...but I go in and eat at least twice/week.
They're wings are DIVINE!! And during happy hour they're 10 cent/piece. 
The Vera Cruz quesadilla is heavenly....bacon, extra chz, carmalized onion, bbq sauce, chkn, peppers, side of ranch dressing. Can we say #WINNING!!!!
The crab fries are realllly good (a tad salty) and the cheese just melts in ur mouth
If u go here to eat u wont regret it. I'm going to get the buffallo chkn nachos next time i go...i'll keep u guys posted :)This place is awesome for hanging out and drinking cheap beer... They also have dart boards in the back which is always fun. Do NOT order mixed drinks from Pitcher's Pub, unless you are pregnant--the bartenders seem to take the approach less is more (not only when it comes to their clothing) with the amount of alcohol they use to mix...Amazing new menu and food specials (ribs, crab puffs, dessert pizzas, homemade chips, fried mozzarella, etc.) !Shout out to chefy aka Greg and the whole pitchers crew... But those bendy straws though....MAJOR improvement!!! .Go Omar's !Went here last night with a friend mainly because we knew they had a great craft beer selection ( which was true). We went around dinner time on q Friday night, and it had a decent crowd. We had to wait a few minutes for a spot to open at the bar to sit. We ordered the buffalo chicken nachos which were really great.and I got the cheese steak quesadilla which I would say was just average, a little greasy. My friend got the honey hot wings which he loved. Very casual relaxed atmosphere, awesome bartenders, who seemed knowledgeable about the beers. The bathrooms could have been cleaner. Overall awesome bar!The price can be fair, but you got what you came for at this place...a true dive. And hey, maybe that's the novelty. It does strike me as a college bar. I don't expect it to be classy, but the bathrooms are horrendous. I wouldn't sit on the seats. Seriously, fellas...lift up the lid. Takes 5 seconds with your shoe. Then again, the staff could maybe wipe it down. Clean the vomit.
I say start your night here with a pitcher. End somewhere else.Pitchers Pub is your typical bar.  Nothing too exciting but it is a fun place to start the night off right.Pitcher's Happy Hour is great - 75% of their drafts are $3 (might be $4, I forget, but either way its a good deal). And their draft list is mostly craft brews, so you can get a variety of good beers for a cheap price. They also offer most (if not all) their beer in a pitcher (as their name would suggest), so its a fun place to go with some buddies if you just want to split a pitcher but dont want to be stuck with Bud/Coors/PBR pitcher options elsewhere.
Can get kind of loud at night, especially Friday/Saturday, and it is a dive bar, so expect that type of crowd. 
I haven't tried the food, but heard it had pretty solid wings/other bar food if you want that. 
They also have darts/some other bar games (no pool table though) in the back, which is nice if you are into that.Went here for a football game. Good food, great prices, excellent bartenders. Will be coming back soon!Big fan of this place for a drunken Manayunk night... Usually some good deals and some good looking broads here... Manayunks best dive bar.. I havent eaten the food though, just had many of drinks here.I have lived in Manayunk for over four years now and never realized until recently how amazing Pitchers is!  On Saturday I was there during a pub crawl and ordered myself and my boyfriend each a craft beer.  When the bartender handed me our beers and said "$6" I thought for certain he meant for just one...NO!  $3/each for craft beer and an amazing beer selection to boot!  This has now become my favorite Manayunk bar!This is the type of place that as soon as you walk in the bartender makes you feel at home and like you've lived around the corner for years. Came here just to get to know the area and have a drink after too much amish delights on the other side of town and fell in love.
I am one of those annoying touristy people that loves to try the funky bar menu drinks YET I don't like them to be too sweet or watered down. Needless to say, the bartender was extremely helpful in having me pick a drink that I would like (the spiked lemonade) AND made some modifications to it, so that by the end of my first Mason Jar's worth - I was feeling pretty nice.
Add to the friendly atmosphere and reasonable prices some R.Kelley that was playing and then the random guy that started belching it out  ("I beleive I can flyyyyyyyyy")- this made me a beleiver.
Finally, I had asked our very awesome (and cute) bartender for a different shot to celebrate my boo's PhD acceptance and not only did she make some awesome Midori concoctions.....she gave it to us on the house. Cheers to that!a haiku:
wow, oh my goodness.
i do not handle jack well.
pride, pants on the floor.
- mscBest bar in town. Foods good too. Stop in here on a Sunday funday. Two dart boards lots of tvs good music and floozies.Me and some friends stopped in to pitchers pub on a Saturday night. We found a table up front and were able to get quick service the entire time. There were a lot of people there but it never got too crowded. Not a bad bar if you're looking to hang out and grab some beersMy favorite bar hands down in Manayunk, great beer, excellent service, friendly staff. I will forever love this place!Hole in the wall bar with hole in the wall prices.  This bar typically has a crowd on Friday and Saturday nights, but if you make your way to the back there is room to breath a bit and they even have a few games.  Due to the size of the bar, the crowds can make it difficult to grab their reasonably priced beers.  Get atmosphere to catch a game, assuming you are rooting for the home team!Best tap selection in Manayunk, Hottest bartenders in Philly and $2 any draft every happy hour, an IPA for $2.   Untouchable in the east coast.I practically grew up in Manayunk but never really set out to drink there before. Most of the bars / pubs have been a little too snooty for my taste.
Then during the art festival we stopped in Pitchers since it is more of the dive-style neighborhood bar I am comfortable in. Wow. $1 beers and awesome munchies. (The poppers are great.)  The bartender even hooked us up with some free shirts. $20 later my stomach was full and I had a nice buzz going...just in time to head back into the heat.
So kudos to you cool bar tender guys...we will definitely be back for more. 
(I also love the fact that they have Big Game Hunter in the back...man does that bring back memories. )OK I'll update my review because I was just bashed by the owner.  It's still dirty and regardless of the popcorn machine being gone, I still wouldn't eat there.  But as I mentioned before, it's a good dive bar.Really horrible bouncers!!, Refused to let my friend in because he didn't look 26?? Even though he has a valid PA license!What a joke. Told him if he didn't leave he "would make him leave." Will not go back!Hottest bartenders in manayunk. Low key place to have a drinkTypical dive bar- its a nice place to stop on main street for a cheap drink before or after dinner. They have a $5 draft beer deal on saturdays that is worth going for. Gets very crowded on Friday and Saturday nights standing room only at those times.When my friends first started moving to Manayunk after college, Pitchers was the place you went to drink lots of beer without having to be around lots of people.  The downtown area wasn't as full out gentrified as it is now, but Pitchers was the quiet bar for the serious drinkers.
That has definitely changed, because now that more and more expensive bars have moved into the area, more and more people looking for cheap drinks are coming to Pitchers.  That and the ownership appears to have made the decision that hiring hot bartenders and having them show off just about everything they've got is going to attract male bar-goers.  If that was their plan, it has worked.
Pitchers was my last stop of Bike Race Sunday.  Cheap beer, all drinks served in plastic cups, a decent jukebox and relatively scantily clad bartenders is a good enough combo for me.Pitchers is great for a casual night out to watch a game on several of the high-def screens. No matter where you sit, you will have a view.  It is definitely a little run-down, but it kind of goes with atmosphere.
Service is not the best. On a couple occasions, the bartenders had no idea what they have on draft and they take forever to get you what you ordered. They seems a little spacey. 
The food, I have to say, is delicious. A little on the pricey side for a dive bar, but worth it. Crabby fries are awesome and the cheesesteaks are fresh and high-quality. 
I am a fan.Great bar, cheap drinks, good food, now has the Big 10 network!  What more can you ask for?  We were searching for a bar in Manyunk that would show the Michigan football game, and after a few places didn't have the channel, we stumbled across here.  I would absolutely come here again.Just a temporary review for now...better one to come later, but I honestly could not ask for a better bar on main street! Great tap selection, and a pretty good late night happy hour on Wednesdays. Combine that with quizzo and one of their best bartenders, Krystal, and you think you died and went to heaven. Staff is extremely friendly and you always have a good time...I can honestly say I've never had a bad experience there.umm.. went here to watch a SNF game.. out o the what 8 items on the menu only like 3 of them they actually had... I found myself super sober watching drunk people and being harassed by people.. not harassed in a rude way.. just in a way that was funny and super annoying all at the same time.. interestingly enough.. idk how I feel about this place.. it's like it was funny to sit and watch... however if those peopel who I saw were any representation of the people who are there when its not practically empty then I might find myself not happy ..
the fries were good though.... good fries!Maybe I'm getting too old for overcrowded dive bars.  The music was beyond random and too loud.  I had to yell to my friend sitting right next to me.  The music went from Rick Ross to Whitney Houston (this was before she passed away) to Simon & Garfunkel to something sounding like Rammstein.  
I feel like the bartenders were only hired to be eye candy.  They looked clueless doing their job.  Neither stayed at their own end of the bar, they didn't recognize who was waiting the longest to order, they fixed their hair & checked their cell phones while customers waited and what ultimately irked me was the lack of the ability to make a Long Island Iced Tea.  I can't even tell you how bad it tasted...and she made it twice!  While watching all of this I also noticed that the car bomb shots people ordered were already mixed together before being given to the customer...weird.
If you want a wear whatever place to order a quick beer then I'd say this would be fine but if you want a place to hangout in for more than a beer or two, go somewhere else.Went today for the Eagles Game.  I would consider it a dive bar with many beer options on draft which is usually a good sign. The garlic parm fries and wings were great. 4$ Special! However, my steak egg rolls tasted so sour. The food quality matched the decor of the restaraunt. Out dated, holes in the walls and floors,Old bar stools.  Not a great atmosphere to become a regular.Easily my favorite dive bar in Manayunk. It's great for rough nights (or afternoons as the case may be) where you want to have a few drinks without breaking the bank. It is, notably, a dive bar but that has not yet steered me wrong. For what it is, it serves its purpose magnificently.This is a tiny place with a small-town sort of feel-- the regulars are friendly (some were a bit too friendly in a creepy/drunken sort of way) and the bartenders are cool and easy to talk to. 
I visited Pitcher's for what a friend promised were "the best wings ever". I thought the wings were tasty and the sauces were spot on (hot and honey all the way), plus the price $4 for 10 wings during happy hour can't be beat. But I wouldn't go so far as to say that the wings were the best I've ever tasted.
It's got a bit of a dive bar feeling, but it isn't dingy enough to be a true dive. I'd come back for the dive bar/friendly neighborhood joint vibe anytime, especially as it's a much more laidback vibe than at some of the other bars in Manayunk where the college kids can be found in on Fridays and Saturdays."Pitches" was my favorite bar in Manayunk when my wife lived up there.  
(Did they fix the "R" in the sign yet?)
Great service, cheap beers, and knockouts working the bar when the "A-Team" is on the clock.
Always a great time, but the one bad thing is it's a cash bar...
Also, the crowd can be "interesting" if you know what I mean...
Only place I've seen a lady miss her mouth and pour a full beer on herself.i love this place. 
bartenders are nice. 
bar has a intimate vibe to it. 
has that dive vibe, but still nice.
big tvs.
watched a few phillies games here, loved it.
recommend this spot to anyone, however late night on a fri or sat, it can get crazyLove watching sports here. Especially day time on Saturdays for college sports. Easy to get a seat at the bar. Lots of TVs. You can't beat cheap pitchers of beer. 
Good is just alright but wash it down with a pitcher and enjoy the game.04Nov14 9pm, Tuesday night. Holy Crap rude and inattentive wait staff (Krystal). Inability to pour a proper pint of Guinness. Chicken wrap was ok but best to get it to go.I have been to Pitchers Pub at least 15 times. The beer/cider selection is pretty cheap, and they have an awesome rotating draft selection. So, you always have the opportunity to try something new. I dislike going later at night because they play music way too loud and there is no one ever dancing. Anyways, I love going here to warm up for a small bar crawl through Manayunk, or to watch a sport game on their awesome TVs.
I do have a beef with Pitchers over IDs. I am from Texas. I have an issue with them spending forever trying to figure out if my ID is real. I wish they would just buy an ID scanner. I understand some fake IDs do scan, but for the most part it would make their lives a lot easier. Plus, I wouldn't have to stand there waiting for them to flip  through the ID book, and backlighting my ID to death. It's annoying. 
They also do an awful job of identifying if an ID is actually real. Last night, I was in a group of 4 people. Two of the guys were from New York, they had drank earlier at Pitchers and loved this new peach beer that we had decided to go back. They both give the bouncer their IDs. He spends the next 5 minutes determining if their IDs are legit. Both of them showed other ID photos, credit cards, ext backing up the picture and information on the card. Both of them are 22 years old, and had been let into Pitchers Pub 3 hours ago. He finally determined their REAL licenses were fake, and turned us away. Thankfully, he decided to give the ID back instead of taking them because it would have been a whole show of calling the cops to get the real IDs back.
I am also always really confused by the ID situation. But, I will probably still keep going back as along as my friends can actually get in.Great watering hole if you're looking for a good place to have a beer and just...be in a real bar.  Has not a hint of pretension - which is refreshing for a Manayunk bar.  
Three big-screen hi-definition TVs, great (and friendly) barmaids and great drink deals make this the place to go, especially for the Eagles on Sunday or any other big sporting event.  (If you're looking for an out-of-town game, though, you're out of luck if it's at the same time as anything Philly-related.)
Lots of fun on the weekends, if you can handle crowds.  If not (or if you're over 35), stay home.  You won't enjoy it.  
Food selection's very limited, but you can bring in food from anywhere as long as it's not sold at the bar (meaning wings, fries and burgers, basically).  
Check it out.What do you expect? This place is a dive bar among dive bars. It seems like every person inside the bar knows each other, and that's what makes it great. A nice respite from the other bars in Manayunk.Stopped in here early one Saturday just as the door were opening for some lunch.  The the typical "lunch" spot but had $3 mugs and over thirty craft beers on tap.  Was fortunate enough to have the Founders Breakfast stout on tap.  For lunch ended up getting the buffalo chicken nachos and buffalo chicken egg rolls.  With expectation set low, arrived the best plate of buffalo nachos I've ever had.  Now what separates these from other pedestrian places is that the chips are deep fried tortillas.  There came with a wiz sauce.  This app was enough for me and another person to split so much so we didn't even get to the egg rolls.  The service was good considering it was one guy for the front of the house and the food came out relatively quick.  This place exceeded my expectations.Pitchers is the the best bar on Main Street.  There, I said it!  Bar goers typically look for a few specific things (and here they are):
-Good selection: Pitchers has 30 beers on draft that are constantly changing.
-Great prices: They have the best drink specials on Main Street and often have all of their drafts for only $3.  The nice thing about their specials is that they often have good specials during peak hours and not just when they are trying to pull people into the door during odd hours.
-Friendly service: Pitchers has some of the friendliest bartenders on Main Street.  Their ability to serve one of the busiest bars on Main Street while maintaining their composure and friendly attitude is amazing.  .
-Good grub: Pitchers wings are FANTASTIC and are often 1/2 off ($4).  The other bar food is good as well but it is hard for me to get away from the wings.  For what they have to work with, they do an excellent job.
-Entertaining crowd: the crowd brings in a variation of customers from younger college kids to old townies.  The thing I like most about this scene is no matter who comes through the door they are met with friendly service and a welcoming and safe atmosphere.
Good place to watch the games: I think they have six large screen televisions in the bar with great quality pictures for a good view from anywhere in the room.  Bar is long and affords a good amount of bar seating with additional seating along the wall.
I empathize with the reviews regarding the ID's and can appreciate their frustration.  I think for some reason or another Pitchers once had the reputation for underage drinkers being able to get into (maybe because it was true from previous owners).  Quite simply, if they don't know you by face and name they ID nearly 100%.  This protects them and their patrons.  I imagine for the thousands of ID's the bouncers see and attempts of underage people trying to get it, it is a tough job.  I think if you ever come across that again, just be polite and if it escalates just give them the benefit they are trying to maintain the integrity of the bar.  If need be, call the cops to verify the ID is legit.  They put up with enough other nonsense so getting mouthy with them or giving them a hard time is a sure way not to get in.  I do think it would be beneficial for them to get an ID scanner.
All in all, this is by far my preferred bar on Main Street.Pitchers is becoming a local classic on Main Street - great bar food, well priced drinks (esp during frequent specials) and their TV setup is great for watching games.  Can't ask much more from a small dive bar in Philly.The guy at the door gave my buddy a hard time over his ID because his PA vertical hadn't expired yet. Once we were in I understood why. This seems like the typical bar that underage college kids would try getting into. Overall, it's an average bar with average prices, nothing to write home about.Have been to Pitcher's three times in my life.  Once Mr. Belding walked in with Charles Barkley and had a few beers.  True story.
Once I got jumped outside by a guy who went and got a group of his friends after a friend of mine didn't let him pee in the sink while my friend peed in the toilet.
Haven't been there since I turned 21 and would judge anyone who did.  Including you, Chuck.Great food! Honey hot wings and cheesesteak eggrolls are so good! Excellent beer selection. There is always something new for me to try. And friendly bartenders. They even have Nintendo!No complaints when a bartender doesn't pretend to not see you behind a bunch if people and actually signal to you that he will be with you. I have been to packed, semi packed bars where I felt ignored and had to be aggressive enough to get service. Nope, not tonight, not here and those are some of the things that are important to me patronizing anyone's establishment. Pair that with a wide tap selection, Guinness as smooth as silk, music that I actually like and prices that won't break my already meager wallet. A bar is a bar yes, but pitchers pub just gained a new patron until someone throws up on me which is highly probable because well, drunk people like to get even drunker at bars.Decent place to hang out, kinda. Weak drinks, slow service, horrible lay out but TVs to watch the games if you want to stay local in manayunk.This place is okay.  Both the bar and its crowd could use a deep clean.  Nothing really wrong but nothing really right... there are much better places on Main Street.That hometown bar... but a cut above.  
It has the laid back charm of a dive bar, but the beer selection of a classier joint.
Good spot to visit any time of the week.  Also, check out the wings....Amazing draft options! 30+ just on draft!
And the food (wings esp) so good!
 This is my favorite place because I like the lowkey ambiance, jukebox and touchtunes. My boyfriend likes it bc of the abundant of huge tvs and beer optionsWas in town for just a day to visit my friend until we came across this pub for a couple of drinks. The bartender that was serving us extremely slow and took exactly 1 hour and 35 mins for them to even get us our drinks. After all that, when my friend and I receive our beer, there was sand in it. How that happened, blows my mind. I recommend that everyone stays away from this business and chose another pub or bar that will proud you with better service then this Sheamus wannabe pub.Not exactly a "dive" bar; don't let the other reviews mislead you.  Now, judging by the icky restrooms, the floor, and the tables and dart board in the back, yeah, it's a dive bar.   But really I would describe it as a sports bar / craft beer pub / college & post-college age hang-out with mostly well-behaved regulars and a few young couples mixed in.    On weekends, expect a roomful of 20-somethings.     Great selection of beer--about 30 seasonal beers on tap, flat screen TV's lining the wall, and very traditional pub design.  Not taking food into the equation and getting points for beer, specials, sports bar atmosphere, music and overall just good vibes, it's one of the better bars in Manayunk.The nachos here are so pitiful and half assed and nasty they're all crappy chips and barely any lackluster toppings. Ugh no no no I only could eat a couple bites. Women bartenders personality is so lackluster and standoffish, no eye contact, avoids customers, unpleasant. Noooo just no. Good beer selection tho. And I like the rough around the edges dive bar vibe and crowd here tbh I'll keep coming back. It's alrGreat beer and music. Just wish they had some bar bites. Enjoy the friendly staff and happy hours.was looking forward to the garlic parmesan wings because I heard they were good but they were soggy and not crisp at all I assume that they were cooked while still frozen I still give it one star because this looks like a nice place to hang out and drink unfortunatly I dont drinkI'm surprised I have yet to review this place. It's a prime HH (or any hour) stop for my best friend and I. You can't beat a stellar draft list and pub food to match. I always find something different to try on the list (usually about 30 options with many being local), and the HH discounts are a great deal. I'm pretty sure they're $3 during it, but it might be four. Either way, I only need two or three to be a happy little lady (doesn't mean I always stop there).
As for the the food, I would definitely consider it upscale bar. They always have a few specials on the chalkboard *reminisces about the fried chicken Mac n' cheese*  but otherwise their main menu is great as well. My only complaint is their buffalo chicken egg rolls definitely don't contain buffalo... girl. Whatchu doin'? Well otherwise, I highly recommend giving them a try, but maybe not on a Friday night during the school year. Unless you like that kinda scene I guess ‍Love this place! The food is delish! The Asian wings and cheese steak egg rolls are amazing!! The drinks are super cheap! And not to mention they have the best bartenders everr!!!Love this place, just a straightforward no BS bar with good service and great food.A definite dive bar, but I like it like that. There are occasionally dogs in the bar, as well as patrons wearing sweatpants. But great specials and good food are hard to beat.I moved to Manayunk last April, and up until now have enjoyed frequenting pitchers around once a week. They have an excellent beer selection and a fun atmosphere. 
However, on the night of Saturday, November 20 I had a terrible experience with one very power crazy bouncer. I moved from Illinois and still have my Illinois drivers license, upon showing this drivers license to the person responsible for checking ID's he told me it was fake and refused to let me enter. When I asked why he thought it was fake he told me because there was no hologram, and all real ID's have holograms. Even though my ID does have a hologram, I did not want to push him, so I simply asked how I could prove to him that my driver's license was real. At this point he became extremely confrontational and asked me "Are you f**cking 2 years old?" I told him no, I'm 25, it says so on my ID. He then told me that 'This is f**cking America, are you French or something?" Now I still have not figured out the meaning of this statement, and I doubt I ever will, the point though is his irrationality and rudeness. So finally I became angry because I was being treated like a 17 year old trying to sneak into the bar in front of a large group of people and asked if all people from outside PA could expect this kind of treatment. He then pushed my roommate (who also has an IL driver's license and was denied access) and I out of the bar. 
The story doesn't end there. Later that night as I was walking home, I made the mistake of passing Pitchers. I made no advances toward the door, or any sort of recognition that the place existed. However as soon as the same bouncer saw me, he opened the door, came out, and accused me of picking up a brick to throw through the bar window. This, of course, was completely absurd. However his statement did earn me some curious looks from the other people on the street, which increased my embarrassment and anger over the situation. 
After 2 weeks of trying to contact bar management and ownership, and continually not getting through I felt this review was my only option. I understand the pressure door guards are under and the need to make sure that all patrons are of legal age. I have no problem having the validity of my ID questioned; I know that an unfamiliar ID can be a red flag. However the bouncer in question raising his voice, cursing, questioning my intelligence, throwing me out, and then accusing me of dangerous and illegal activity without provocation later in the night is unacceptable. Never was the possibility of showing another form of ID or having a manager examine the ID or any other sort of solution to this problem extended to me. 
"There are lots of other bars here a**hole," his final retort to me, there sure are buddy, and none of them have ever treated me the way you did.Ordered a whiskey ginger. Was served a vodka martini. Asked the bartender to remake the drink he responded with, 'if you want another drink, I have to charge you for it'. Weird place with slow service- that will be my first and last time there.So first thing I'm glad this place had one of those high tech jukeboxes. A wealth of music choices and cheaper than some of the other ones I've used before ($1 = 4 credits). Second thing was the food. The food was amazing. Had the fried chicken tacos and Philly cheese steak with whiz. Both choices were to die for. A++. Drinks were modestly priced but the staff was awesome. Shout out to Kendall who was really accommodating and honestly gave us solid drinks and very quickly! Definitely will come back if ever in Philly again!I really love this pub for a cheap drinks night at the bar, however the owner kicked us out very harshly at the end of the night for an accusation that was far from the truth - otherwise this would have been a 5 star review. 
In this area, it is hard to find a bar with this great of prices- you wont accidentally break the bank on a night out. I enjoyed all of my drinks- the Dogfish is certainly my biggest recommendation.There's a huge variety of beer, ipas, seltzers, so everyone in your party can find something to drink. 
The atmosphere here is also the best in the area, it is not too crowded, yet it has a good amount of people - a very friendly crowd. We enjoyed talking to the people around and playing darts - you're bound to have a good time.The staff (for the most part) were all very pleasant as well.
This is not much of a sitting bar, there are a few tables in the narrow space, but don't expect to have a place to sit. There are dart boards, picture booths, games, and juke boxes - plenty of things to do.
The only issue I had with this place, was the abrupt end to our night - the owner/staff came up to us furious accusing us of doing drugs in the middle of the bar (?) He was mostly pointing these accusations at our DD, the sober person of our party. He was very angry yelling at us to get out, which left us all in confusion, as we had just spent 2-3 hours giving our business to this bar. Other than that, this was such a great bar.
Overall, this is a very fun and cheap bar great for a casual night out- granted the owner is prone to flukes!I am a frequent goer to Pitchers. I live in the area but originally from New York. Pitchers has great drinks and amazing specials, Love the selection of beers. Probably the best in town
However for some reason this past week I tried to go at around 1 with another friend from New York, both of us are 22 and who ever was at the door took five minutes to tell me I had a fake drivers license. Meanwhile I offered to show him that it was real and had numerous cards that had my birthday and credit cards with my name on it. 
He ended with saying either leave or he would take the IDs... I don't understand what the heck is wrong with him and because of this I am really disappointed in Pitchers and do not plan on going back anytime soon if you think I have a fake...Wide selection of draft beers, lots of TVs, and surprisingly excellent food. Best wings in Manayunk! Pitchers is one of my favorite local spots.I used to work at Pitchers.  It's not a clean place...it's pretty gross actually.  DO NOT  EAT THE POPCORN. 
 Otherwise, you are going into to it knowing it's a dive.  It's a great place to grab a beer in a baseball cap and no make up.  If you are 25, it's a great place to meet guys, there's like a 5:1 guy:girl ratio!
DO NOT tough anything in the bathroom-EVER.  otherwise, go and enjoy an hour of dive bar!Definitely fits the definition of a "hole in the wall" bar. 
I have a love/hate relationship with places like this. 
People here are super friendly. That I like. 
They do have a lot of beers on draft as well which is a definite plus.
The food is ok. Nothing amazing but its not gross so thats good XD
Darts in the back. Lots of seating.
Theres no dancing or craziness which I also like alot. Its just one of those places that you can sit and have some beers and food with friends in an environment thats hole in the wall-ey?
Ive been here several times, and Ill likely keep coming back!