Some friends of mine live near this place and we would go over once in a while at halftime during a game or that kinda thing. At first I was excited because their food is really cheap and seemed to taste decent. After a while of eating their cheese steaks though, they eventually got less appetizing. The meat doesn't seem of the highest quality. Never tried the pizza. Might be alright, who knows. The prices are very low, but for a good cheese steak though, go to Jim's which is very close by.Really great food all around, and some of the best pizza in the northeast!! Great pizza shop, love going here.This is the final time I deal with the woman who answers the phone on Friday nights. I call in at 5:56 and place an order, I ask about a special of any kind and she seems annoyed with me for asking. That's fine, it's Friday and I get it. I am told 30-45 minutes before my order arrives. After waiting 1 hour, I call in again and she tells me my order is out for delivery. Again, she is annoyed sounding and continuously cuts me off when I am speaking. Okay, again, it's friday and I am trying to be patient. Then at 735, my family is officially beyond hungry and I call in again. She puts me on hold for 4 minutes, them jumps on, clearly displaying more annoyance with my audacity to call in and check on an order. She asks for my address, I give it to her.... Then she screams "WHAT'S YOUR ADDRESS, SIR?!?!?!" Saying "sir" does not make it okay to talk down to people. I say "I just told you, why are you yelling at me!?" Then she says "Obviously I didn't hear you!" To which I respond "that's fine, there is need for all of that attitude" and in perfect customer service fashion she exclaims "whatever!" and hangs up on me. 
When people are spending money at your establishment, don't talk down to them. When they are regular customers, it's an even bigger mistake. After years of dealing with her, I will never order again. There are too many other places who don't speak to their customers this way. Her attitude was as if she was doing me a favor and I should be lucky enough to eat their food. If I wanted shitty service and mediocre food, I would have gone to Chickie's and Pete's. 
I work in this neighborhood and grew up here. It's sad that this is what their service has come to. Do yourself a favor, order from a place who appreciates your business.I *went* here every week like clockwork, giving them a ton of business. So yesterday I call in for a small cheese steak stromboli. When I get there they had never made it. Instead of apologizing and telling me it would be more time, I had to go to the counter and ask where my food was. The manager gives me major attitude off the bat. Saying it was not her problem and there is nothing she can do about it. Then tells me the stromboli- to prepare and cook- would only take ten min. I told them it should take longer- but they (manager and cook) jumped on me and fought about type of oven and what not. They then challenged themselves to a time-rush and were determined to have it done in 10 min. 11 minutes after the "cook" gave my boyfriend attitude saying "sorry BUDDY took 11 minutes!" Result was they gave me a RAW stromboli! The outside was very well done- inside was all gooey- looked like cheese but was dough! I called when i got home and they (after fighting about giving me a refund) offer to deliver a new one. Well they never showed up. We go back to their "place of business" a few hours later and they CONTINUED to fight. Finally they gave me a refund. They lost a long time costumer over an 8 dollar stromboli. They are very rude in there and usually I ignore their service cause their food is good. But no more of that. They are ignorant... especially that female manager. She is a bitter woman with no social/customer service skills. O and that was the second time they forgot to make my food. The first time I swallowed my tongue and didn't say anything.. While we were waiting for our stromboli, a similar situation happened to a man in there and the manager said the same rude comments to him. "Not my fault... nothing I an do" etc...Very good pizza, not up there with Charlie's, but this and Tony's Place fight it out for 2nd best Pizza/Tomato Pie in the northeast for sure.I've been coming to this place for over 10 years now and have always enjoyed their food. The inside of the restaurant is always crowded when it comes around time for lunch and the same when it's a weekend. 
Asides from their amazing pizza, they can make one heck of a caesar salad which is another favorite of mines from there. Oh heck, I haven't had anything mediocre-bad from here!For the location I was impressed at how good their pizza was. The place was really busy too. Word of advice however they only take cash. I did not know this and the girl was less than nice about it. Fries are good too.Pizzas are great.. about to try chicken cheese steak.. I highly recommend Roma's pizzaI question the cleanliness of this place....I went inside and it looked like a ran down mess..ijsDecided to try Roma after reading the great Yelp reviews. Unfortunately, it was a let down. My chicken cheesesteak was sub par. My husband said his cheesesteak was "Ok, not great." The rolls tasted like 2 day old supermarket rolls. Maybe we'll try the pizza next time...if we decide to give Roma another try.Love!!! Would give it 5 stars but it's cash only which sucks because I hate carrying cash. But the pizza is the best!!! The cheese fries, hoagies are so yummy!! I've been going here for about 20 years!!I randomly found this place on a trip to Sears with my mom, and i was pleasantly suprised. I was so dissapointed in the northeast's pizza selection that I had long given up hope. But this place is perfect: crispy and thin on the bottom, gooey and saucey on the top. It is always crowded: kids, families, workers on their break, cops on bike, regular cops, and a line for pick-up. If you are lucky, there are coupon for 2 pies for $11 every once in a while in the Northeast Times newspaper. I always get a regular pie b/c it is so perfect that you don't need toppings, but the buffalo chicken topping is one of the best I have ever had.I don't like the red sauce on the pizza, however,,I love the white pizza with broccoli & I like the cheese steaks too. Be careful of the flies, the doors are always opening with customers coming in, the slice pies aren't covered.  We just ordered a white pizza with ricotta as well as the mozzarella with broccoli & crushed red peppers cooked in it...it was delish ! Delivery was about 33 minutes.I love their pizza and their prices are very reasonable. I am never disappointed. The cheesesteaks are great too. Cash only!Cheese pizza was flavorless and chewy. The hot wings were small and boney.So I noticed my old review was still on here from 2012 so I thought I would update it. I have been consistently back at Pizza Roma especially this past year. Their food is very good and the really rude workers seem to be gone. They still aren't the friendliest of people, but the food is good and the prices are great.  give 2 stars for customer service and 5 for prices and 5 for food taste.Today, after having no lunch and commuting an hour and a half back to Philly I found my stomach nearly ready to cave in.  I needed something fast, delicious, and filling that didn't necessitate me having to turn on my stove (it's hot as balls out today).  So, I pulled out my trusty yelp app and searched for cheap local food.  
I got there and asked if they take credit cards and was quickly told no.  They did however have one of those tiny ATM machines that one could easily carry out the store on their back. So I paid the $1.50 ATM fee and ordered 2 slices of pepperoni (for the kids) and a Cheese Steak and fries for myself.  Me Hungry.  Must have protein.  
The place had a good bit of action for a Thursday.  At least 5 of the booths were filled and I observed people were filing in and out with orders while I waited for my food. It took less than 10 minutes for the guy at the counter to shout the "steak with hot peppers and 2 slices" were ready to go.  Goody!  I grabbed our food and headed to the car.  Eager to try the food I unwrapped the steak and picked out a piece with my fingers.  It was hot as heck so I could barely taste it but I was like this is a little bland.  Then I considered the fact that I hadn't had the whole experience yet so I wrapped it back up and drove home.  
Once I got home I unwrapped the sandwich and found that the steam from the heat had caused the bread to become extra soft and the juices from the hot peppers to saturate the meat and bread just a bit. As I bit into the sandwich I was pleasantly surprised that my first impression had been way off.  The sandwich was good.  The hot peppers lent the perfect amount of spice to the surrounding meat and bread and I detected just a bit of sweetness somewhere in there.  The cheese was melty and delicious.  This was a first rate cheese steak!  Much better than the diced dog food they serve at Geno's.  I honestly would give the cheese steak five stars but I have to downgrade the restaurant overall to four because their pizza was mediocre in my opinion.  NY style pie, large slices for about $1.50 each but the sauce is all but  non existent.  That's a fail for me.  
Even still I would still go to this place just for the sandwiches.  A cheese steak, fries, 2 slices, and a drink so large you can swim in for $10.95? Sounds like a deal to me!Ok this is by far one of the best places i had pizza in northeast Phil i love the crustSame great pizza last 20 years. Neighborhood and employees fell off a cliff tho so 4 stars overallIt was pretty good stopped in because my daughter wanted a slice of pizza most pizza places near my house doesn't offer slices,, found this spot will definitely return $1.90 slices oh yea!! The crust was nice and crispy just how I like itNom nom nom nom.
My boyfriend and I come to Pizza Roma waaay too often. But with great food for SO cheap, we can't help it. Our total is never more than 12 dollars for numerous slices of Sicilian pizza, fries with cheese, and large drinks. The staff is always friendly and they truly seem to know hwo to run a business in order to keep their customers happy. Btw, the salads are HUGE! 
This place is the bomb!Ok so you get slammed on game day and decide to screw a long time customer. Owen you are the owner you don't know your own map you've delivered here many times in the past then today after I and my wife order you have a nice girl call back and don't even have the were with all to at least get on the phone and speak to you customer.  Not good customer service. 
Go eagles but you suck thanks for nothing.Me and my family love this pizza! Its always made fresh and ready to go. I order in advance because the place is popular with there pizza. Oh not to mention parking is never a problem. So if you enjoy thin crust delicious tasting pizza this is the place people.This place used to be great in the 90's to the early 2000's...but now they seem to go the cheap route. Ordered a family feast with the wings, fries, pizza, and a soda. My major gripe about the place was the pizza. Crust was good but there wasn't enough cheese. You have to order extra cheese probably to make it look like a normal pizza. Wings were on the small side. I ordered BBQ flavored and it was a mistake. It's not the typical BBQ flavor you'd expect. It's more of a tangy flavor. The soda was a big one before like a 32oz and now it's 20oz. I understand about the soda tax or whatever but don't lower the quality and charge the same. I'm sure most people would want the same quality if not better quality for a little bit more money. Fries was better than expected.Great local fast food. We always choose it over any chain store. Fast service.  Friendly people.Cheese literally all over the places. Didnt know where each slice began or ended. And it tasted pretty bad tooThis place is amazing but sometimes they rush your food.but there food is great there pizza and wings and burgers.you will not be dissapointed with this place.So this was one of my main haunts in my teenage years however since I've become a pizza snob this place has fallen off of my radar. I decided to check them out for oldtimes sake. The pizza wasn`t good or bad it was kind of how the saying goes about pizza. When its good its good and when its bad its still good. The cheeseteak was awesome though, they hit it out of the park. They are more of a place that you can walk into and grab a slice. But I wouldn'lt bring an entire pizze home. So its a win for the sandwich and a loss for the pizza.Never have we had such awful pizza and wings.  We had 4 pizzas and wings delivered for my father-in-laws birthday. My husband ordered a white pizza with garlic and tomato-he Said it looked beautiful on the site. Got a plain white pizza that had a 'musty' after taste.  The wings had the same after taste.  Didn't taste fresh at all.  There were 10 of us...couldn't believe it how bad they were.  I give it 1 star for delivering on time.  I think the people who gave it good reviews haven't had good pizza.Fix your ordering system. For the price it's really good! And they have EVERYTHING, I mean everything --Pizzas, Cheesesteaks, Wings, Fries, you name it. I had to bring dinner home and didn't know what get so it was very easy to get one of their Family Specials which includes a little of bit of everything. However my only problem is they really need to streamline the ordering system there. I ordered and paid but no one gave me an order number or a name for the order. I waited an additional 5-10 mins because my order was just sitting on a rack until someone final asked me what I was waiting for. Basically if no one decided to ask me what I ordered you're basically just waiting there.I grew up in the area and Pizza Roma has remained my favorite pizza! They have amazing deals at awesome prices. Dough, crust, sauce cheese consistency and portions are perfect. I usually do delivery and they are pretty accurate on ETA. Cheesesteak rolls are super fresh and soft as well.Little gem of a pizzeria tucked among the mall shops. Great pizza, especially when you're craving a fresh slice. Plenty of variety and options. Haven't tried many of the menu items, but none have disappointed. Staff isn't the friendliest, but typically bc they work quickly and bring out your food fast. Don't forget, cash only but they got you covered with an ATM inside if you want to add a side of bank fees with that slice of pepperoni hahaSpent a week travelling around the NE aftrr moving here from NY searching for something worth eating. Found this place would have given 5 stars but cash only and too much sauce for my taste. Best pizza in NE is Angelas. Philly knows cheese steaks but not much about pizza. Pro tip for ya, never get pizza someplace that calls sicillian pies square pies. Thats this New Yorkers 2 cents.Pizza Roma is the best pizzas but I've gone to lately. Do you have one of the best tomato sauces on P2 I've tried in years I route of the nice customer service there as well. Really please with how world to make a pizza if he will come back with the family.I haven't had their pizza in a while due to me moving, but I was in the area and stopped by for a large plain pizza. Pizza looked good but unfortunately it was way too burnt. The burntness on the bottom of the whole pie overpowered the cheese and sauce. All you tasted was burnt dough. Just a terrible tasting pie. When it's not burnt you can enjoy the cheese and sweetness of their sauce but when it's burnt, that's ALL you taste, and who wants to taste that?Really Great food but they close early when they feel like it.
Hours are NOT suggestion, they are a real thing.
They clearly list a "last call" for orders and when you call before that it just kinda means we just don't care.
Monday / Tuesday special for a large pizza is $6.50, great deal!Had the pizza because of all the great reviews but don't see what all the hype is about.Their tomato pie is excellent. Sometimes their regular pizza is a little burned though.I ordered a turkey hoagie and pepperoni and broccoli pizza. The food was very good the roll was fresh and the pizza was great as usual.5-Star.  This place was recommended to me by a friend who gave it a fantastic review.
Friendly on the phone, Fast delivery, Polite drivers, Great tasting pizzas.
Couldn't ask for anything more!!Pizza is good for the northeast if you want a slice they have a few rare ones you can't get most the time up here. There pies are super cheap and they have good specials during the week. Only bad thins is they are cash only. So the sign isn't when you first walk in its at the register. So they have a atm of course that charges 1.50I'm Italian and from South Philly, so I know good pizza. However, living in the NE now, I've tried out a lot to see what's up here. My daughter came home and said, Try Pizza Roma! So, I ordered their family special by using their website.
The pizza was good, sort of like a NY style. The quart of soda advertised for the special on the website somehow became a 22 oz soda in a cup. Hm. I called to find out why. the girl said due to the new Philly soda tax, they reduced the size instead of raised the price.
I was told it would be 85 cents EACH for the cheesesteaks to add wiz as the cheese (I know NO other place that does this)...when I expressed shock, she said, "Its bc its the GOOD wiz" (I can attest after tasting it that its not...Philly Pretzel Factory has the good wiz.)
I sent my husband over with what I thought was the right amt of money, only to find out something not mentioned on their website: they don't take credit cards. WHAT restaurant in this day and age doesn't take cards? I mean, REALLY? So they jack you with the ATM in the store that tacks on an additional $1.50? For food that's not even anything special?
Our first and last time there. (I still can't believe it...no credit cards?! Come into the 21st century! Unless you're doing it to avoid taxes, lol)Pizza roma is the best in northeast philly. The food is great and is a clean place to eat.Extremely disappointed . We used to love pizza roma . Pizza was always outstanding . Today we ordered , took a long time just to receive our order . Cold pizza and and cold fries were delivered . Then to top it off they forgot our beverages . Delivery man came back with our drinks , which were completely flat . Truly disappointed .The food is good, but the pizza is crunchy. I know some people like it, but some are like me that like their pizza soft. That's the reason I took away a star. The other star is because most of the time I come here the same girl takes my order and she's very rude, if your job is customer service you have to treat your customers nice so they come back .My favorite pizza in the area. Never dissatisfied with the food, especially the veggie pizza. The employees aren't always nice though...We used to go there all of the time but I got tired of the staffs attitude like you were bothering them just by ordering something. It's no surprise the place burned down, you can see the grease build up all over everything. Maybe it will be clean once they rebuild, at least for a week or two.Horrible, went here tonight ordered 2 slices of cheese pizza and a cheesesteak with salt peeper ketchup, mayonnaise and fried onions, my mom ordered her food right in front of me and her steak was ready in about 10 minutes, i stood and i waited, and i waited and i waited, mind u i am disabled and had took a seat but after waiting for awhile and watching everyones order get called except for mine mad me stand up and go check things out so im standing at the counter with my cane and im waiting finally a lady ask me what i ordered, i told her and she said they never put my order in and she proceeded to snatch 2 slices out the oven but 1 fell on the floor i saw her put more slices in the oven but then she proceeded to hand out slices to everyone but me while i waited for more cheese slices and still no steak, she then dissappeared back to the register to take orders and never came back as i waited in the pick up area for my food, long story short her daughter a young girl ended up getting me the slices i needed, still no cheesesteak in site, about a half hour went by, my mom who had long since got her food came back in to ask me what was going on, i told her i was still waiting and did not want to wait any further, i asked for my money back for which the lady seemed to have an attitude about, her daughter also tried to explain to her that i wanted my money back because i never got my cheesesteak, she said to her 3 times she had a cheesesteak mom, a cheesesteak! to which she turns around and says oh here is your strak right here sitting over by the takeout orders and she proceeds to slap it down on top of the box i was holding with the two slices i was so angry i took the food and left when i got in the car i realized as i looked at the receipt attached to the steak that it was still not my steak but someone else, i would never have ordered a steak with cheese whiz, cheese whiz! Needless to say i will not be back and i was a regular customer. My main issue was that they never apologized because if they had i probably would not have written this review.The worst pizza I ever tasted. The pizza dough was not cooked well, it was half cooked and half done, I asked for toppings and underneath of the toppings there was no mozarella cheese. Very little sauce. Most likely the owner is cheating the customers, the money I spent for a large pizza.  The ingredients were not fresh.  The pizza sauce was from a can.  I am from South Philadelphia was visiting a family member who did not want to travel to South Philly and we decided to go to Roma Pizza.  Definitely is not Roma pizza, for it is not authentic Italian Pizza.  It is FAKE italian, "Generic Pizza".  The owner need to reinvent himself and remodel the place for the place atmosphere is not friendly and it is very dirty.  I complained to the  manager that I am a dissatisfied customer and he just shrugged and commented, " Oh well and that I was the first customer to complain."                                                     He did not offer to make a better pizza for me and he did not offer to return my money.  Terrible customer service.   I will never go there again.First time here, awesome pizza, great customer service, small but intimate, nice crunchy pizza, meat lovers was loaded, good prices, close to the Laundromat.Food is good service is terrible, the people are extremely rude. Ordered for delivery told me 40 min, an hour and a half later I called and they said you have to come pick it up and hung up on me. Won't be ordering from here anymore unfortunately.food is good but it comes cold when you order delivery & costumer service isn't good eitherI've decided that when visitors come to town I'm going to ask them do you want a mediocre yet famous cheese steak (I'm looking at you Geno's and Pats) or do you want a deliciously crafted, knock your socks of steak without all the glitz, glamor, and food network coverage?
This place consistently delivers and I dream about it in my sleep sometimes.  A steak with hot peppers and a large tub of coke costs under $7.  They win.I had 2 slices of Sicilian.
I know slices are not going to be as fresh as a whole pizza, but these things had clearly spent way too much time in the oven.
Hard as a rock.
This place has gone down hill.
There are plenty of other places.We were thier best customer me and my family ordered here atleast three times a week. Then the one time they sent us a pizza covered in Greece it was literally a puddle on top of the pizza. When we called the manager or owner said it wasn't possible and refused to give us another pizza. He then said I don't care if you never come back I have so much business it won't hurt me any. He is right it won't hurt him but they are horrible with customer service.I agree with most of the reviews. Food is decent, but customer service sucks. So, if you don't mind being treated rudely, this is the place for you. Personally, I will stick with Ernie's Pizza on Cottman Avenue. Excellent food AND customer service...They way it SHOULD BE!When you order from here , don't be surprised that you'll get an attitude from that lady who answers the phone .. always with an attitude. When you order pizza , it's ALWAYS cold . even when it's hot outside .I really like this place.... the food has been good for years (well at least the pizza) I haven't tried everything since being under new management and remodel of the store... However, I do not like the fact that the same person who takes your money will also put her dirty money exchanging hands on pizza to warm it up.. I think for sanitary purposes that should be left to the pizza maker or someone "not" touching dirty money! And for this reason, I will have to go somewhere else.. sadly.My wife loves Pizza Roma because her favorite kind of pizza is the floppy, greasy pie you get at the shore. this is one of the only places I know in Philly that has real pizza. The price is right and we have kids who love pizza so we eat it pretty regularly, mostly delivery. It's decent, certainly above most delivery places.I've been wanting to try this spot for a while. I'm sooo glad I did! I only ordered a small Stromboli & chicken cheesesteak which were both so yummy! 
Stromboli was a small & was HUGE for only $6 you seriously cannot beat it. Now the toppings were extra so if you don't want a lot in it your set
Chicken cheesesteak was so good. Meat was actually chopped & not chicken cutlets which I loved. It was a foot long for under $6 as well this place is seriously a gem
I suggest ordering ahead of time because this place was packed when I arrived at 4p on a Saturday. They also offer slices which is good. Next time I come (yes I'm definitely coming back) I'm going to try the pizza. 
Prices are soo affordable!!!Food use to be good, but had a pizza recently and it had so much oil floating on top and it soaked thru the box and today I picked up 2 cheese steaks that were the worst I ever had and could not finish mine and my son tossed his in the trash. Had good food at one time but not now!!!!!!!!Wow they have great food and great prices. I ordered a family special pizza was awesome, cheesesteak was bomb. They don't deliver to my area but it's only about 10 min away so I just picked my food up. Definitely coming back here for now on.Food is good but customer service is donkey make sure you check your order the have a nack for leaving things off your order like cheesesteak sub no lettuce and tomatoes! Also people are rude they hang up on you when you call for delivery!This pizza I like the sauce what messes this place up is the employees 9pm weekend I order food they bring my wrap dry I always assumed a buffalo chicken wrap comes with blue cheese on the side this place puts it on themselves but for whatever reason I ordered one that came dry I got hung up on by the lady cashier a few times I spoke to the cook who said and she said she was the boss witch isn't after about an hour of calling them they said the owner would come bring me another it was the cook that showed up looking frightened my sandwich was entirely there untouched they even said they gave me sauce on the side the cashier hung up on me screamed at me said she is the owner said to come pick up the new one they made me I told her I paid for delivery if I could go pick it up I would I'm sure there not refunding me my tip and delivery fee this was Sunday April 2nd I ordered Saturday the first 2017 I was surprised with the rude behavior I experienced various times this same cashier give me attitude my sandwich came hot I ordered mild and I was tempted to open it at the door to show him how dry it was but regardless I would not complain for nothing also why do they want the food back is beyond me even if it wasn't touch at all seems weard u mest up admit it and try to please yr customers LST time my pizza was burnt or not inuff sauce or they forget my xtra sauce and have to credit my next order they make mistakes and piss customer s off my neighbor workt for this owner so I no he is a guy so both the cashier and cook are lying it's night time Saturday I no there busy but imagine my inconvenience of waiting mores being hung up on getting bad attitude by the cashier and told I'm lying or to come pick up a new one ...once the one cook hung up on me ..very ignorant this owner needs to start firing..specially the cashier that hung up on me. The pizza needs more sauce and sometimes it's either dry or sauce all over the box very sloppy or burnt ordering out is expensive I'm sure they wouldn't want to receive a sloppy pie or burnt or dry cold or sauce less ..it's our trust that my food is well handled and not spit on tossed when I open it or dry I paid I tipped and I feel it's a rip off when my food comes crappy I usually don't complain but come and pick up a new sandwich and hung up on ..I said if I go over there I will throw it in there faces u really want a post off customer making a show in yr shop?? I heard the owner was bad but these workers suck big time at least after an hour the guy showed up with another but again it had hot sauce I ordered mild it's like it's done on purpose u eat whatever I want u to..now if I was allergic to hot sauce and Sue this guy would he be as forgetful..hmmUse to be great. Seems as if quality and care went down the drain. They don't try anymore. Sadly disappointed.AWESOME pizza! HUGE slices, excellent value, excellent delivery range.
I order the " 2 large pie special" all the time- I get 2 large pizzas with one topping each, order of fries DELIVERED for $20! cant beat it & its sooo good!
This pizza is the kind with the floury bottom, not the greasy bottom.
This is the best pizza in the area. If your shopping nearby, go try a slice- you'll be glad u did. 
The only con is they dont take credit cards:(We love this place, cheesesteaks so Good.
Pizza fresh and hot every time it arrives.
Get the family dinner!
Nice priceExcellent pizza. I come in 2-3 times a month and get pizza by the slice.  One of the very few places in the area where you can still get pizzas by the slice.  As you enter they have around 10 different pizzas that you can order slices from.  I usually get either a pepperoni or sausage slice.  It's about $2 a slice which is a bargain.  The slices are pretty big. The pizza is thin and crispy, just like i like it.  It's not too greasy at all.  They are always busy with people always coming and going. Everyone loves their pizza.Pizza Roma used to be one of my favorite pizza parlors in northeast Philadelphia, no longer the case, the people behind the counter do not practice cleanliness, the cashiers handle money and then handle your slice without putting on gloves or anything like that, the last time I went in there was 10/5/2021, there was an older woman with a baseball cap behind the counter, I observed her take my three plain slices of pizza out of the oven, set them on the counter, she began to slice a small unnoticeable sliver off of my slice put it in her mouth and then boxed them up and gave them to me!My friends and I ordered over the phone, the guy on the phone was heavily rushing us and was super rude. When we were trying to order he kept saying "come on man I ain't got all day" when we legit didn't even pause. 
We then asked when they closed and he said "I don't know, whenever I feel like it". Not a very solid answer lol. 
When we got our food, our order of chicken tenders only had 3 tenders in it which sucked because we paid 7$ for them. Overall the food was really good but I wouldn't recommend going because very poor customer service. They defiantly need to hire people who aren't rude to answer the phone, this isn't the first time we had an issue with him and I guess won't be the last...Terrible customer service! We eat at this place frequently until the other day when we called in an order and it was not correct . We didnt notice until we got home that we had received the wrong pizza. When we called back to let them know we had received the wrong order, the man came on the phone and insisted it was our mistake and that he had a taperecording of us ordering!!!! All we wanted was a replacement pizza which would have set them back a few pennies but instead they chose to be rude and hang up the phone with us! Management has changed for the worse over the 15 or so years when I first started coming here so if you like being treated rudely to save a buck or two, this place is perfect for you.Awesome family specials, good food, great value! 
The fam loves their pizza and their cheesesteaks 
Consistently good, decent service 
Nothing bad to say at all20+ pizza pies ready and delicious to choose from and slices start at $1.50 
~10 booths inside
Chicken bacon slice for $3 was a meal in itself. The most bacon I've seen on a slice ever and the white cheese sauce (bechamel maybe?) was really yummy. Def get this one!  They also had a bacon sausage one that looked good
Cheese steak was better than it looked but the pizza is the winner at this joint. Just go to Steve's if you want a cheese steak though it is nice to have a cheese steak option in this mall area since Jim's is gone 
If you're craving a slice of pizza, this is the place to go to!
Oh, but CASH ONLY.  They do have an ATM
For 3 slices of pizza (cheese, broccoli, ckn bacon), cheese steak, cheese fries and 2 drinks it was $20. Not badI have been buying & enjoying slices from Pizza Roma since I was about 14/15 years old.  I'm  now 38 & my teenage son frequents this place.  
It saddens me to say, I wont be back!!! NEVER EVER!!!
Friday 10/16/2020 @ approximately 9:30ish, I
Placed an order via cellphone & specifically asked for "pickup" considering I was informed by Pizza Roma in the past; they don't deliver to my address. 
Upon my arrival, I inform the cashier of my name & I was picking up a large cheese pizza.  She proceeds to asks for my address ( totally threw me off guard). She then states the delivery guy is at my house.  I tried explaining to her that is an apartment building & that particular order could be for anyone. "Never mind the fact, I never provided my address & the phone # I called from is not linked to my home address." She insist, No this is your order, You asked for delivery!!! At this point an older white female chimes in; in a hostile manner asking, "should I have my delivery guy come back??? He's at your address. " 
We have a straight up shouting match in the store.  At some point I asked, what the order at my address is for? She says, two cheesesteaks.  I ordered a PIZZA!!!
In the end I was offered an apology but that wasn't good enough.  Worst experience ever.  I still can't believe this actually happened & they were dead wrong.  This was beyond unprofessional and very Poor customer service.  I'm sorry but, Stop hiring teenagers with poor socialization skills. It's bad for business.I've waited for the Food for like 2 Hours, and it didn't went well. However, I finally got my order, the Chicken Wings and a Medium Pepsi. Additionally, those chicken wings taste delicious!Went in for a plain slice
Worst pizza ever
Crust is ok but the slice had zero taste
Save your money
Don't eat here
Ever.....bottom of the barrel pizza
Bland tastelessWe have been eating here for over 20 years! Love the food . The upgrades after the fire were really nice. So happy they were able to rebuild. The Best white Broccoli pizza in the entire city!  Thanks for the years of good food and service !The reason I gave it 3 stars is only because the food is pretty good! I like the pizza it's thin crust and crisp! HOWEVER the nasty attitude chick who answered the phone tonight is so rude! I ordered at 7:30pm for delivery (which I rarely do I usually pick up) the woman asked me if the address that came up is correct I confirmed and she hung up after telling me the total! I got concerned when at a quarter to 9pm my order still isn't here . I call back and said the delivery guy was knocking on the entrance door to my apartment building and no one came to the door so he left bcuz he also didn't have my number to call me!  A so called glitch happened so I tell her I want my food and gave her my number! Delivery guy came at 9pm with my now cold food and I call back once again bcuz they forgot my wiz for my fries and I had asked for 2 sides of wiz. The lady snaps at me bcuz I told her the food is cold I want credit for my cheese wiz. I proceeded to tell her that I've also worked in pizza business and it's the counter persons business to make sure they have a phone number to every delivery order before hanging up and that she also has a nasty attitude! She tells me that if I worked in pizza business I should've been home to answer door when the food comes and hangs up! I didn't call back because I'm not wasting my time going back and forth with her!
Only reason I'll order from there again is bcuz it's the only place close by that has good pizza at a reasonably good price,otherwise I wouldn't bother with them!Pizza Roma gets at least half of my paycheck. I swear. Their food is sooo good. Like I haven't got one thing from there that I didn't like. Its one thing when the pizza place has only good pizza or only good cheese steaks... Pizza Roma makes everything good.Cheesesteak with salt, pepper, mayo, ketchup, and fried onions is DELICIOUS. Great place to get a steak sandwich, the pizza is great too. I recommended people to go all the time. 
Not five stars because one staff members is pretty loud and annoying, not sure how often he works but he messes around with the females to much. Puts his hand in their face and was asking the annoying delivery driver does he know any spots to hide a body in reference to the one female worker and then also said we could also take advantage of her body. I did not want to hear that as I was enjoying lunch with my grandma and sister. 
They may just have fun like that and I don't mind at all. I'm just here to eat but hearing the comment about taking advantage of a females body was very inappropriate to me and just too far. 
The one cashier was very polite and patient. She wore a pink Phillies hat. She was polite. If you can order with her go to her. 
Overall the food is delicious and I still recommend!