One of our favorite spots ! fried calamari with the hot peppers is the best don't forget to get the brussels sprout pizza or the pistachio pizza with the shaved onions to die for  love sitting outside at the foot of head house squareWith all the brick oven pizza places popping up in the city, you really have to have your A game on. The pizza here is OK. I wouldn't go out of my way for it. Toppings are generous and fresh. The crust just doesn't have enough bite for a brick oven pie. They are listed as "personal sized" but can feed two not really starving people. 
Service was a delight and I enjoyed staring into the fiery pit. Dinner and a show!Best pizza in town, hands down.
I'm from Italy and this is the kind of pizza you find in Naples.Stick with the pizza.
Craig Laban's review said that their pastas and calzone were extraordinary.
They weren't. 
But the pizza was very, very good and we would definitely come back for that.
Otherwise, great location, clean and spacious, and friendly staff.Delicious! Had the calamari and margarita pie, would definitely recommend giving Stella's a try!Service was great.  The food was so so.  I ordered Arancini(risotto balls) which had no flavor at all. The only redeeming grace was the tomato sauce.  Also ordered broccoli rabe appetizer, which I thought was cooked properly.  The pizza was AWFUL!!   Although the ingredients were fresh, the dough was very Undercooked.  It was burnt in some areas, and raw in others.  The bottom of the pizza was raw.  I looked around at other patrons, and the pizzas all looked the same.  This is Philadelphia.  There are better pizza places than this.I don't remember where I read it, but this was on one of those Top 10 lists for 2009, so we decided to check it out.  We got there at 5:10 pm and were told that there was a 45 minute wait.  
There isn't really a bar area or waiting area, but they did take down our cell phone number and offered to call us when a table was free.  We walked the 1 block to South Street and we found a bar - Bridget Foys at 200 South Street - in which to have beers.  Had the restaurant had a bar, that is money we would have spent there.  
We went to check in and found that our "seats" were at a bar-like area, where all three of us basically faced the kitchen and pizza oven.  Not the best way for people to have a conversation.  We waited 45 minutes for this?  We were told it would be another 20 minutes for a table.  So we took the counter.  
We ordered a Sausage and a San Daniele pizza to split between the three of us.  It was more than enough, even though we were told that each pizza was a "personal" pizza.  We still had a few slices to take back.  
The pizzas were very tasty...just the right spice of the sauce...and the Sausage had just the right kick.  The crust was fabulous, nicely thin and chewy outer crust.  The smokey flavor from the wood oven made these pizzas among the better pizzas I have ever had.  
One great thing about our table, was the vantage point and watching the "conveyor belt" in which the pizza crew made the pizzas.  They were terribly efficient, each with their own task and passing it down to the next station to make each individual pie.  
There was a lot of attention to detail and it appeared clear that they worked as a well oiled machine.  Definitely this place has a great system in place and a good pizza to share.  Definitely, this was worth checking out.Found it by accident. Gotta quote Bob Ross, "We don't have mistakes, just happy little accidents"
  Planned on eating some where else, they were booked. Look at that, a pizzeria, with wine. Not what I planned on, but that sounds (and smells) pretty good. I am not obsessed with pizza like my wife is, but this was some of the best pizza I have ever had. It was just me, my wife, and my daughter, and we ordered 4 pizzas. They all come personal size so that's not too much food if I don't tell you that we also got two apps, and some pasta. Margherita(you know what that is right?), Pepperoni, Mushroom(with ham and garlic crème), & San Danielle ( prosciutto and arugula), all delicious. 
  We sat at the bar, not what I usually do but, It's a pizzeria, not really a big difference at the table two feet from me. Service was good. Wine was surprisingly good. This place was a little more casual than I planned on dinning that night, but the cocktails and wines were top notch for sure. I read another review that said it was loud but, It's a pizza joint, not a library. Anyway I wasn't bothered by the noise.
  The guys making the pizza are amazing. I timed them. One guy starts the dough, and by the time its ready to go to your table, only like four minutes later. I told the guy, you shouldn't get paid by the hour, you should ask for $1 a pizza, you'll be rich. But they're not just fast, they have like a dozen pizzas on the menu, and I feel like I have to go back for at least four of them.(Tartufo is at the top of my list) ,Half the menu is white pizza, the other half is red, and the flavor combinations are excellent. Nothing too boring, nothing with an unnecessary overload of conflicting flavors, a few you already know, a few you are surprised to see but you know you have to try it  everything paired nicely. 
  And then gelato, I don't even remember the flavors. Something with salted caramel, something with coffee and chocolate, does it really matter? The drinks were awesome, The food was delicious, and the gelato that was so good I forgot what I even ordered.
  I am defintely going back (I have like eight more pizzas I have to eat), I only wish I'd found them sooner so that I could eat outside.Went here for the first time with 4 other people around 9PM on a Saturday.  The pizza menu was extensive and the crust was fantastic.  Our party as a whole preferred the white pizzas to the pizzas with red sauce. The special happened to be our favorite, which was a pizza with ground sausage and roasted eggplant and mozzarella.  Top that off with a couple of $12 carafes of house wine and it makes for a great evening.  The only negative of the night was the slow service, despite the restaurant being only half full.I wouldn't say there's something outstandingly special about Stella's. The vibe and location are great. The pizza was great BUT their gelato/ice cream (I had Blackberry and Pistachio) was the best I have had in Philadelphia hands down. I'm a huge fan of gelato so this earns them 5 stars.Really awesome cocktails - I recommend the mojito concoction, it is delicious.So I spent all day in Philly as a tourist and ended my day in this pretentious popular kid high school atmosphere. 
The restaraunt is located on a busy street corner of Society Hill and the decor is pleasing to the trendy eye. When my party of four walked in the door, the young hostess immediately looked bothered. We told her we were expecting 2 more and she immediately took us to a back room that was almost vacant save for a two-top by the window. There were PLENTY of 4+ tables open in the main dining room, so I could not fathom why she sat us at a booth in the back. I took a quick look around and we all still had our teeth in tact and we were all dressed well. A little sun-kissed from our day of exploration, but nothing that would warrant hiding us in the back corner in a booth unreasonably too small for 6 adults. 
I asked to be moved to a table in the front room, as they do NOT take reservations, there should be no problem with us being sat at one of the very many open and empty tables. We were moved.
We were ignored. Then, we were ignored a little bit more. We were ignored over and over again at this establishment for reasons I cannot figure out. One member of our party even tried flagging our waitress down several times so that we could order our entrees and the waitress played the "I can't see you" head turn a couple times. Finally, when she was flagged down for the last time she must have thought she might create a scene if she did not finally indulge our requests for service, seeing as how she is a service professional and all.
The food was good when we finally got it. But for the absolute poor treatment we received from the moment we stepped into that place, I cannot give it more than one star. I will never go to another Starr restaraunt ever again.I live close by, so I'm at Stella weekly. The food is great and consistent. More importantly, it's quick. I often come here with my two kids and the food is out in less than 15 minutes, sometimes 10. Though there is not a kid's menu, it is very kid-friendly. What kid doesn't like pasta and pizza? 
In summer, they offer outdoor seating, which is great when little ones get noisy or need to walk around.  I'm never disappointed and it has become a "go-to" for our family.Pizzeria Stella is absolutely wonderful!  The spinach pizza is amazing and every app that I have had there has been great.  We generally sit at the pizza counter and really enjoy watching the skilled chefs making all the wonderful pizzas.
The Arancini is one of the top ten foods that I have ever eaten, and their tomato sauce is crazy good!  The servers are outstanding, and I have never had a bad meal there!Came here on a date a couple nights back and it was a really great experience. Our server, Molly, was very nice and knowledgable about the food/drink offerings and generally a pleasure. We had the arancini, sheep's mill ricotta, and the mushroom pizza. We thought two appetizers and the pizza would be just enough food. Boy, were we wrong! We could only eat about half the pizza between us along with the two appetizers. Everything was very satisfying, tasty, and came out quickly. We also sat outside so the perfect weather and quaintness of the neighborhood made it sweet little evening.  I'd definitely visit again and it's a nice alternative to the usually bustling nearby South Street.The Shrimp Arrabbiata is to die for!!! Shrimp was delicious and went perfect with the side of bread!Great wood fired pizza, I tried the margherita and pepperoni pizzas, and they were very tasty with delicious crust.   The homemade lemonade is a nice touch too.
My only complaint on my first visit would be the loudness, during lunch with only a half full dining room, it was very loud.So..maybe this is just me, but this "type" of pizza they are selling has a real burnt taste to it. Is that what wood fired pizza suppose to taste like? But besides that, I asked for some mushrooms with my margarita pizza which was an extra 3 dollars! Wooosh..really? And that was even a mistake in itself because the mushrooms were way too salty. Not my cup of tea, but staff was real nice.Really enjoyed this place. Best pizza I have had in two years in Philly.  The tartufo pizza, heavily hyped by fellow yelpers, is awesome.  The margherita pie takes a big backseat after the heavy taste of truffles. 
Oh..the other stuff:
 We also tried the meatballs (polpette) and they were very tender and tasty.  The side of broccoli rabe was also very good.
Also tried two pasta dishes; the spaghetti pomodoro was light and fresh and really enjoyed the pasta with lamb bolognese.  
Really about pizza here but happy we tried other dishes.
They have a full bar. We had the "Italian Soda" listed on the menu called Stellamaro. It's a carbonated drink that has the Italin bitter called Amaro as on of the ingredients. A nice summer drink.
Tried the Stracciatella Gelato for dessert. A bit icy but refreshing (we ate outside with our dog) and it was very hot. Looked much nicer inside. Next visit.
Service, provided by Emily, was friendly and efficient.
Look forward to trying different pies.Classy and delicious place.
When I go to a pizzeria, it's tough for me to get anything but pizza.  Thusly, I can only comment on the pie here.  And it's great.
I've tried about half the menu, and I've enjoyed everything.  The most surprising hit was the Tartuffo.  It's a white pizza with truffles and an egg broken on top.  Creamy creamy creamy - absolutely tasty with the crunch of the crust.  The spinach with san marzano tomato and toasted pines was also incredibly good.  And of course, the cheeses of the Quattro Formagio and the classic Margherita make you want to ask the server just to bring you out a plate filled with the cheeses used in making them.
The last time I dined here, the four of us shared 6 pies - with just 3 leftover slices.  It's so delicious that you truely want to just keep them coming.    Good beer selection too.When I saw this place get 3 bells in the Inquirer, I knew it was time to go there. A positive experience from the door. We did not have to wait, but kinda got a jerk table by the front door, no biggie. At least there is another door blocking Old Man Winter and it was in front of the ovens. Or server was helpful and didn't let me over order, like I normally do. We got the octopus and squid ceviche appetizer which was tasty and fresh. We got a suggested special of meatballs, polpette, with sauce over creamy polenta. This dish was tasty as well but could of been primo if the meatballs were made properly. The flavor was there but the texture was all wrong. We got the Vongole pizza-clams, broccoli rabe and pancetta. Again the flavor was correct, clams were not overdone and everything melded well. My only complaint, a tiny one, is that they cooked the pizza in an unclean oven. There was burnt flour, etc. on the bottom of the pie, pretty displeasing. Oh, you should have something more than gelato for dessert, it being 20 degrees and all I was not in the mood for anything frozen. I will return, it definitely was a nice spot.Went here on a nice warm day after work with some friends.  Good layout of the floor. The tables surrounded a large woodfire pizza oven in the center and there was a lot of natural light.
The service was great. Our server was helpful in deciding which pizzas to order.
The pizzas were beyond everyone's expectations. The piccante (capicola, crushed red pepper and aged provolone) was my favorite. If you like some spice, I suggest you try this.  The other pizza that was outstanding was the sausage pie (sausage, pesto, basil and mozzarella).
Any pizza lover should give it a try. Price point was appropriate for what you get (10-15 per individual sized pie).  The pies are a good size for one person but would probably not be enough if you were sharing with another person.
Check it out!  I'll be going again.I would rate Stella's as, "What's your hurry? Here's your hat."
Our experience last Friday was made unpleasant because of extreme up-selling and pressure to turn tables. Our server (and her team) made repeated queries if we wanted more wine while we still had wine in our glasses; she interrupted conversation mid-meal (we were half-way through our pizzas) to recite the dessert menu; and then (just bizarre), as I was cutting a slice from the last of three pizzas, with the two empty trays stacked beneath, she reached under my hand to remove the trays, suggesting it would make it easier to cut the pie. As I was still chewing my last bite, she cleared the table, inquired about dessert again, placed the check on the table and offered the requisite, "No rush; any time you're ready."Gotta give it to Stephen Starr, this former Cosi has potential. It will be a mix,  attracting people from Society Hill towers, and those on South Street who want a nicer place to get pizza.
It's not in competition with Osteria restaurant, but Starr isn't trying to go high end here either.  Lots of wine selection, and even offers home made lemonade and sasperilla.
I split a margarita pizza with my niece and good thing she's small and only had two slices because the pizza is SO thin and not very filling. But it was good. I would probably suggest having one pizza per person if you're hungry and go home with a slice or two. Price was good, had a pizza and a soda for 17 dollars. (Could be an excellent cheaper date location.)
Since it's only been open a few weeks, staff is still in training mode. ANd I've worked for Starr, so I know what it's like. Neverless, they were attentive and friendly, and true to Starr form, pushed the dessert heavily.
In my opinion, it's a close competitor to Osteria's pizza, but I still prefer Slice over both.Wack!!!  Went here after visiting a bar in the area and was hungry.  My friends recommended it and so we went.  My friends get full IDIOT status on this one.  So we go in, I comment how I don't want to order very much and just want a couple slices of Pizza.  Everyone disagreed saying we need the meatballs, the octopus, other sides, etc.  The food comes and the meatballs were mediocre, the octopus was overcooked and way too salty - nasty actually.  Broccoli rabe was OK, overcooked not great (one came with an egg that looked like it was Ikea-style fake display gross).  Then the Pizza came.  I wouldn't say the Pizza was horrible, but it was not very good.  Only one of them, the sausage I actually had more than 1 piece.  It was too dough-ie, and the margarita pizza was bland, and the other one, which I think was chicken or something was just gross.  Definitely under cooked and not good crust 
Ok so the kicker?  This is a damn PIZZA restaurant.  The freaking bill was $250.00!!!!!!!!!!!  I will never, ever go to this place again, total rip-off.  Steven Starr strikes again, is there anything that he can't ruin?  The only reason I didn't verbally abuse everyone is because my friend's super cute kid was there - and he had a good time so that saved the evening for me.  If you want real pizza try Borda's Franco Luigi in south philadelphia.Cool place, people are great and so is the pizza!
Im saying it is a 4 stars because they don't have wifi.
Mushroom pizza, yay!Pizzaria Stella is a young, vibrant dinner spot in Philly.  I love the sheep's milk ricotta (save some to have with your pizza crust).  Their brick-oven pizza is delicious.  My favorite is definitely the mushroom.  The Tartufo is good and something a little different with truffle and runny egg yolk, but not a pizza I want to eat over and over again like the mushroom.  They also have a cool bar with interesting mixed drinks and sodas.Pizzeria Stella turned a year old in Septemeber. How I only just finally got myself there seems ludicrous! It's was lovely, it really was! and I live in walking distance, and yet... somehow I've missed this place for a whole year. Well, after our most recent visit, let me tell you I will definitely be returning soon, and telling others. 
It was one of those unseasonably still warm nights in late October and the bf and I decided a stroll was in order given the weather. We were actually headed for Xochitl, but we didn't make it because we bumped into PS and remembered how we kept meaning to stop in. We were offered seating outside on the sidewalk and it was simply lovely. The inside looks pretty nice also, what with the brick oven aflame, and the low lighting (next time). 
Our server was overly courteous and attentive, and helps us in our quest to try a few different things without spending a lot of money. We ended up with this ridiculously awesome pizza- simply named the Mushroom (i think) but it was mushrooms, and proscuitto, and basically what ever pizza i've ever wanted in my life to taste like. Seriously. I cannot wait to return. We drank some house red wine since it was very affordable and we weren't really out for a huge splurge. We also had a great little salad and overall I was a huge fan. To end the night we had the pumpkin gelato, and it was the best damn gelato I think i've ever had- and it had the benefit of being eaten the week before Halloween, just as I was beginning to feel all "in the season of Halloween". 
It was a great meal, and I intend for there to be many repeats of it in the future, now that I realize this is so close to my apt.I'm fighting the urge to give Stella 5 stars. Why? Last night's pasts special--pumpkin ravioli with sweet breads in a truffled chicken jus--was one of the best things I've ever eaten. The salad was good, too, and the pizza, great. The service was also friendly and quick. 
Not that 4 is bad, but the past few times I've been, I wasn't as blown away as I was last night. So 4 it is.
Generally Stella offers good service, great food, reasonable prices, an appealing menu, nice space (though with strangely loud 80s music), good outdoor space, and a solid drink list/menu. Especially the sorbet vodka proscecco drink.
As far as pizza goes, it's up there in the ranks of Philly pizzerias IMO, and I'm a tough critic, being a recovering NYer. 
Sometimes it's a bit too kiddy city in there, but given that there are two rooms, plus a bar, you certainly have options if seated next to a brood of bawling babes.
Good food, good times.Steven Star doing Steven Star. Excellent pizza especially the clam pizza. Salads are good. Pretty restaurant with good service and fair prices. I wish Headhouse Square was a better destination but, like I said the pizza is really good. Get one per person.Lunched with a friend here on a Monday afternoon.  There was no wait and we got our food quick.  They have a small selection of alcoholic bevs here in addition to some fancy pizzas and salads.  I had pizza with pancetta and figs and it was amazing.  My friends had a sausage pizza and it was ok, not great.  Decent spot for lunch overallGreat service, but the pizza sucks. Extremely overpriced for sub-par burnt bread this is still soggy. The pizza showed no heart, ingredients that sound good. But never really come together. I suggest stay away to the true pizza lover.Pizza is absolutely delicious. granted, we just came in for a pizza and a drink and it was just perfect. The place smells great, its clean, you see the pizza being made in front of you, couldn't ask for anything better. if you're just looking for a great pizza and a drink, this is your place.Amazing flavor from the mushroom pie with rosemary ham, garlic. Fantastic!
Calamari was wonderful! Would be 5 stars if the beer was colderSo many phenomenal creations here, leaving me dreaming of pizza in Italy. Puffy and tender crusts circle a thin-bottomed pie, mottled with just-right black charring. 
All the pies I've eaten here -- from the simple tomato mozzarella and basil option to the indulgent Tartufo with runny egg yolk -- were oh so surprising and pleasant . Most are topped with mozzarella that tastes fresh and young. The sausage pizza is spiced with long hot pesto that adds a welcome kick. A spinach pizza feels nearly healthy (though not quite, with all that olive oil) with garlicky sauteed spinach, pine nuts and mozzarella. A mushroom pie is overwhelmed with paper thin slices of rosemary ham, a garlic cream sauce and smoked moz. My roommate once had a creative special with sauteed pears and a soft cheese, which was a strikingly adventurous choice for a typically conservative eater. No matter, the few leftovers were boxed up and eaten cold the next day. Despite all the combinations of toppings, the classic Margherita will always be my favorite.
Drinks are expensive and pours are light, but a glass of decent house red for $6 isn't a terrible drain on the wallet.
There are plenty of other options on the menu -- deep bowls of salad, pasta, antipasta -- but why bother ordering them? Stick with the restaurant's focus and you won't go wrong.I visited Pizzeria Stella for the second time* on a Sunday at 6:15 with a party of 7. The restaurant has a relaxed open air vibe, perfect for summer. Myself, dining partner and our dining budding split off the rest of the group to develop our own ordering strategy. We each picked a pizza and agreed to split them three ways. We ordered the pepperoni pizza, the Tarutfo (black truffle & egg) pizza, and the mushroom pizza. I really enjoyed my pepperoni pizza, the truffle pizza was a bit too strong for my enjoyment, and mushrooms aren't really my cup of tea. I ended up eating most of the pepperoni pizza by myself. The remainder of the table ordered the calzone, pomodoro pasta, and Margherita pizza. The crust was the best part with the perfect balance of crispy and doughy, and the toppings were very fresh. Our waiter was friendly and attentive. It was a bit expensive to be a regular go-to pizza place, but it was a nice treat. Great for large groups.
*The first time I went to Pizzeria Stella was with a party of 25 last summer, before I started yelping.What can I say? Well, for starters whoever does the hiring has a good eye for helpful and generally friendly people. I think that's important to note because every visit I've paid to Pizzeria Stella has been pleasant.
They have an amazing sparkling Lambrusco in house that I HAVE to have every time I go. Not saying you should drink that one but they got several tasty wines and drinks so don't bother BYO.
This place is also good for keeping a couple pizza specials that are usually on par for the season, a few weeks back when we went they had a corn pizza for the veg heads that my friend and I tore up with no regrets and the pepperoni is always a favorite. 
Somethings you won't find described in the menu or online are the nice clean restrooms and the bar top seating area where you can watch the pizzas being created and cooked in the wood fired oven. It's a cool thing for the kiddos to see... how real pizza is made. They also have nice desserts but I didn't have any. Was too stuffed with pizza!Wood fired pizza? I'm in. I thought that maybe Philadelphia was finally breaking it's bad pizza curse. Almost, but not quite. 
Pizzaria Stella is easy to get to, and a nice addition to the neighborhood that already includes the Artful Dodge and Xochitl, among others. I arrive with a date on a Friday night, and the place was hopping. Really, really full. Luckily we didn't have to wait on our table, but the restaurant was so loud (between the music and all the animated folks just inches away from us), we had to lean-in to hear each other. 
We order the Tatufo, deciding to split it, and got the immediate "Just one pizza?" from our waitress. Luckily, I'm not easily intimidated. Our wine came out promptly, and the food was fairly rapid, too. The Tartufo is a great pizza with black truffles and a raw egg that the server breaks over the pizza at the table. We were quite pleased with it, but as it cooled the egg became a little less appetizing. The pizza rack that sits on the table is actually really annoying - it takes up far too much space in already tight quarters. Perhaps a rack that clips on to the table, instead of sitting on it? 
I don't have real complaints about the food, location, or atmosphere, but I think they are straddling a hard line between casual and formal. The servers were very attentive - too attentive. We were continually asked if we wanted more wine before we had even finished our glasses, and three different bus boys tried to take our plates away (when we paused from eating) while were still covered in food. In many ways, it just felt like they were trying to rush us out the door. Perhaps we weren't spending enough money?
This is a nice space to stop by with friends if you're in the neighborhood, but it's too loud for a date and too expensive to be an everyday joint.A better deal is a $5 bottle of wine from the state store and a Gianfranco's pizza delivered to your house.  Much better meal too!
But, one does not go to Starr restaurants for the 'food' but I guess for the ambiance.  The service was good and prompt.  We had the Radicchio salad and the Sausage pizza.  It was good, but not the best ever.  The house red wine tasted like battery acid and is overpriced at $5.50 a glass.Stopped here for lunch while working nearby. Would not classify this as a quick lunch but that was fine for me (maybe on another day I'd look for faster options). Ordered the minestrone soup and split the spinach pizza with my coworker. Both were delish! I wish the soup came in a smaller portion - it was a large bowl and almost more of a meal then an app (I did severely burn mouth but that was prob my own fault?). Pizza was perfection - incredible crust and toppings. Overall a little pricier then my usual lunch spot but you get what you pay for? I would absolutely come back here if I was in the neighborhood.If you're looking for your "out of the box" pizza this is the place for you! This casual pizzeria is anything but with their elegantly crafted dishes. The quattro formaggi and mushroom pizzas are our favorite. Also the margarita pizza is a staple that you can't go wrong with and one that we always take home. I have yet to try the pasta but hopefully will try soon. Sitting outside and people watching is definitely a perk of this perfectly located restaurant. Great for date night, meeting up with friends, or families.  Look forward to coming here everytime!Wood-fired pizza that is perfection! You must try the arancini. Going with a group is nice because you can try several pizzas. The egg and truffle pizza is outstanding! We had several others that didn't disappoint if that's not your thing. Save room for gelato, the olive oil is a yummy surprise!This is one of my favorite date night places, this is one of my favorite places to take my family when they visit, and this is hands down my favorite place to go for Pizza Week- their version of restaurant week. For $30 per person, during pizza week, each person gets a glass of house wine, an appetizer, a pizza, and gelato. WORTH. EVERY. PENNY. I've done it twice, both times chosen the olive oil gelato, the stuff that dreams are made of. 
I also love their house-made ceasar dressing, with real lemon and anchovies. The tartufo is, obviously, something we order every time, but I also love the capricola pizza. And if you have enough for leftovers, I swear the tartufo is even better the second day, if you can imagine that. 
My family is relatively normal and midwestern- this is a great place to take them thats not overwhelmingly spendy or trendy, but feels like a nice night out in the city. For what its worth, they also love La Calaca and Zorba's in Fairmount, and Devil's Alley- we're big fans of good food, big portions, reasonable prices, and friendly servers. Stella fits all of those.One of the best pizza places in the area. Prices are pretty reasonable, pizzas are too big for one but not quite enough for too. Not a huge beer selection, but a good variety, and one that they update seasonally.
Nice outdoor seating options, both facing the Headhouse Market as well as the fountain (although it is now turned off for the winter). Even still, with the weather being so nice in the fall, it is a nice option to eat outside, as when it is crowded inside, it can be a little noisy. 
Also, they've opened the new addition for the bar to add additional seating, which will be welcome in the winter.
As far as the food, the rosemary flatbread appetizer is probably the best I have ever had. Very basic and straightforward, but excellent.
In terms of the pizzas, we've tried a couple different ones, and my personal favorite is the pistachio one (although maybe without the onions next time). Crust is done perfectly.
I preferred Stella much more than Osteria, and it was cheaper.Awesome - I have no complaints at all about this place - we had the deep fried risotto balls which were incredible. And then, we got the picante and sausage pizzas - so good! I normally don't even like brick oven pizza but it's to die for here....the crust is chewy rather than being thin and crispy - which is the main thing I dislike about other brick oven pizza. We will definitely be back many many times. Plus we went on a Friday night and only had to wait 20 minutes to get a table. It doesn't get much better than this!Came here today for lunch.
The space is great for large groups. Very open with a visible brick oven.
I have the pomodora pasta - I think that's what it's called- and it was delish. Just a simple pasta dish.
The waitress was very friendly and attentive.
I'll be back to try their pizza and wine.Stella is my go-to place for a good pizza in the city.  It's an upscale casual restaurant with clean tables and good service -- definitely not the place for your typical frat boy meat lover's x-large pizza.  Best seats are in front of the assembly line counter, where you can watch the pizzas coming in and out of the wood-burning oven (unless you're averse to the scent of smoke in your clothes).  In any case, you're sure to be seated relatively quickly.
Though pizzas might be a little smaller than you expected, they're quirky mixes that you won't find elsewhere -- offerings such as Tartufo (egg and truffle), Pistachio (red onion and pistachio), and Pancetta (with kale and onion).  They also have more traditionals like margherita, sausage (a fave), and spinach pizzas in the house.  Don't forget to ask your server if they have a pizza special for the month; we ended up with a fantastic brussels sprouts and bacon pizza.  For apps, the caesar salad was passable, but the beet and gorgonzola salad is a great contrast of flavours.
Drink it all down with a selection from the beer and wine menu, or if you're a non-alchy like me, a Kutztown sarsparilla pop on crushed ice.  Yum!My boyfriend and I decided to go for lunch. We ordered a salad and 2 pizzas because we read that they were small. For taste wise the one was very greasy and alittle soggy. Sorta a disappoint for lunch not sure if we will be going back. I would recommended going to "Slice".I want to not love it because I have a weird love-hate with Starr restaurants. 
But do love it. This is my go-to for brick oven pizza in Philly. I've had every one of their pizzas and they're all chargrilled joy. My all-time faves are their margherita (can't go wrong with a classic), lamb (serious comfort food!), and pancetta (bacon in Italian is still delicious). 
My favorite thing on the menu is definitely their grilled octopus salad. It's salty and refreshing at the same time. That lime and herb in the salsa verde dressing really kicks up the dish and the octopus is cooked perfectly every time (not an easy feat!)
Their cocktails are pretty decent too but honestly, all I need is the octopus salad and some brick oven deliciousness.A girl needs a half here. 3 and a HALF stars for this place. I love brick oven style pizza, but after Pizzeria Vetri and Nomad's and Zavino... so hard to discern which is better! We had their special pizza which was a lamb prosciutto and it was very good. The ambiance is very casual. Lots of long tables so good for groups. Lots of families and kids there. Wouldn't necessarily go on a date there.Stella is really a great no-frills pizza place, surprisingly from Starr.  While the pizza oven dominates the space, this is no Buddakan or El Vez -- the decor is nothing to see here.  But, there's definitely something to eat.  The Tartufo pizza is probably the best pizza I've ever had, and the broccoli rabe appetizer is great.Since moving into the neighborhood, Stella's has become a great staple. Everyone has that time when they don't feel like cooking or just lack the time to prepare a meal. Stella's provides a very satisfying alternative from appetizers to dessert. Those pizzas are really tasty. I love that the sausage has a really intense sausage taste you don't find in many other places. So far, my wife and I have tasted all but a few from the menus. None of them have been a bad choice. It has a great ambience if you wish to meet with friends. If you want to just make a pickup, they can have your order in a quick ten minutes.Oh Stella how I dearly wanted to love you, but alas it cannot be. Your crust was too salty, a bit too thin and burned in all the wrong places, and your toppings lacked flavor. Such a disappointment and nowhere near the Neapolitan pizza I obsessed over in Naples..Beyond crushed with disappointment..Nice atmosphere, great service and good menu. One star off for price/value. We had the broccoli raab and a margherita pizza. Both were excellent. I would return.Pretty environment and a good idea--just poorly executed--and this from a Steven Starr fan.
The pizza was so-so--I've had better nearly everywhere. The crust is so thin it gets burnt and full of bubbles. It tasted more charry than anything.
The salads were quite yummy, but toddler sized. 
The service is to die from. The aggressive move-it-along attitude (on a night when there were PLENTY of open tables) was obscene. I was not even seated before I was asked what I wanted to drink. We were just settling in when an inquiry was made about our order. Our pizzas were a quarter eaten when a crazy-eyed busboy asked if he could remove them for us. Our waitress was like a parody of herself--grinning and maniacally perky and interrupting us constantly--visibly impatient to turn our table. Ick.
When I've paid ninety dollars for pizza for two, I do NOT want the check dropped before I've requested it. Especially by a moron who says "Not to hurry you, but  here's the check." And then repeatedly checks for the money. You can't charge upscale prices and provide low-rent service.
Chaotic and unrelaxing--the opposite of a warm Italian experience. Disappointing.I happen to be a fan of Steven Starr's restaurants so I couldn't wait to check out what he was able to do with on of my favorite foods, pizza. The first time I attempted to go, there was a line out the door so we opted to check it out before a phillies game during the week, right when they opened.  
The atmosphere : is very different from his other restaurants, very quaint and I enjoyed it on a late sunny afternoon. Definitely not a place to go and grab a drink like his other restaurants.
Starter: We shared the sheeps milk  ricotta cheese and flatbread app to start off. I looooove ricotta cheese and this was very yummy. It was so good that I asked if we could hold onto it and dip our pizza crust into it.  
The Pizza- We shared the sausage. I am a huge fan of thin crust and this was a nice thickness for me- thought the bottom was alittle too black- I understand it's the result of a wood oven  but I thought it was too much.  I thought the flavor over all of the pizza was good- nothing to make me think it's the best pizza I've ever eaten though.
Wine: it was ok- had two glasses of pino grigio- It might have been just a mental thing but I don't like how they serve the wine in stemless square glasses- I guess that goes with the motif though
Over all- I 'd go back again- but don't think this restaurant compares to his other restaurantsI'm going to have to disagree with my old buddy Mikey I.  Do I ever crave Stella specifically?  EVERY SINGLE DAY.  More specifically - TARTUFO pizza.  My boyfriend is tired of hearing me say that this pizza is like crack to me (he loves it too but chooses to branch out to specialty pizzas and other stuff, which is always excellent as well).  We've been here several times and have always had a great experience.  Service is consistently good and pizza ingredients fresh and fabulous.  I don't know what's in that pizza dough, but it's really the only pizza crust that I insist on eating every bite of.  Also, do yourself a favor and grab a Sgroppino - especially if you're sitting on the sidewalk people watching - it's the perfect summer drink.My favorite is hanging out at the bar and relaxing with a beer.  I'm a creature of habit and my latest addiction is the Grilled Octopus Salad.  For this type of weather, it's refreshing, light and so tasty that at one point I was there 4 times in a week and one of the sittings, I had two orders...yes two!  Oh and now that they've added the pasta dishes, they have my belly's full attention...pardon the pun.  The bartender's are great so sitting alone is lonely but if you don't feel like talking, there's a TV.The pizza at Stella's is wet and soggy, extremely chewy, and the crusts were burned.
The cheese was also below average, nothing quality about it, and it slipped off the pizza as it was so wet!  Part of the problem was also too much sauce.
I went last night with a friend and we had been expected something much closer to authentic Italian brick oven pizza.  Stella's didn't come anywhere close!
Seriously, don't waste your time or money here!Had a fantastic lunch today at Stella. Was highly recommended so we finally decided to venture to Society Hill for some fire oven pizza.
The dough is fantastic--I love thin crust pizza but sometimes the crust isn't flavorful or is too crunchy. Not this though! We had a Stromboli as well which was bursting flavorful pepperoni and served with a side of drinkable marinara.
Service was great; Canyon was friendly and warm without being overbearing. Ambiance is open and simple. Great view from the window side table. We'll definitely be back!!Mr. Starr does a lot of things quite well: steak, Mexican, Asian, French, German, basic comfort food, and steak too...so it should come as no surprise that when he does pizza, the results are basically fantastic.  The atmosphere and service are both top-notch, and the menu leaves absolutely nothing to be desired.  The pizza is superb, and in my opinion, it's all I know of that gives Dock Street's pie a good competitor.  Lastly, I have to give extra credit to our server Molly, who, as luck would have it, got to experience my seemingly deaf and clueless father, along with my always-creepy Uncle Chall, on her very first night on the job.  She handled those two weirdos quite well and with a perpetual smile, and I wish her the best.As the youngsters say these days, OMG.  As good as, or better than, places in NY that make similar styles, like Roberta's, Paulie Gee's, Keste, Co., etc.  The margherita is fabulous but the tartufo is impossibly incredible.  We also had a few apps (including the meatballs) which were also fantastic.  Top notch.Very delicious, inventive pizzas. Wood stove, thin crust, perfect amount of grease. Friendly atmosphere, and beer prices are reasonable, 6 dollar range for a craft draft. The pizzas are on the small side though, and you will almost need a pizza per person if everyone you are with has a big appetite. And at the $11-19 range per pizza, it makes it most most expensive pizzeria I've ever been to.Love the location and atmosphere but the pizza was way too salty.  Very hard to enjoy it and should have sent it back after the first piece.Good pizza, convenient to us in Head House Square - slightly overpriced though.I had been wanting to to try this place for a while, since I like most of what Stephen Starr offers.  This ended up being an exception.  The first problem - only two beers on tap.  Really, come on.  One was Stella (ha ha) and the other was something seasonal, that didn't even interest me.  Then came the meal.  The choices were interesting and I thought that after having the first one I ordered, I would probably be ordering a second.  That wasn't going to happen.  The pizza we received looked nice, but was not memorable at all.  The crust did not have much flavor and was slightly burnt.  And the toppings were interesting, but just did not work well together.  I should have gone to Bertucci's.
Sorry, but if am looking for a place to grab a bite (or a beer) in the future, I will not be headed here.It's okay pizza for me. When it comes to pizza, I have high expectations. I managed a pizza restaurant for over a year so it made me picky. 
This pizza place is really nice & friendly inside. The workers on the line seem like good people that are happy with their jobs. They are a hoot to watch when someone weird walks in, btw. 
The manager (&/or owner?) though, reminds me of one of those clueless, fashion saavy owners that walks around the restaurant with a rag pretending to do stuff, but really hasn't a clue. LOL! I was sitting there watching the guy waiting for Gordon Ramsay to come out from around the corner to ask him wtf he was doing!? LOL!
The pizza left an after taste of being burnt. 3pm on a Saturday & there was almost no one in there. 
This is the issue I have with wood burning ovens, they heat unevely. I much prefer convention line pizza ovens only because they heat evenly. 
Don't get me wrong though, I LOVE my pizza crust well done! I DO NOT love it burnt! There is a HUGE difference. 
Unfortunately, because Stella burned my pizza b/c of their inattention to hot spots in their oven, I won't be back. 
Usually, I give a restaurant three chances. Pizza, on the other hand, is a one shot deal with me. Also, for what I got...I found it to be overpriced. The pizzas are small & thin. Not my preference.
Go to Pietro's a block and a half over instead. Pizza is waaaay better & waiters are fun to look at! Ha!My second visit, sat at the bar both times. Ice cold Stella's and good pizza, relaxing.. The mix of salty pizza and beer makes for a great meal... Apps are good.. Give it a tryWhen I looked up this place on Yelp to post my review, I actually thought I had the wrong name.  Wait, Stella, right?  The Stella whose slices got top honors in Philadelphia magazine?  You Philly folks are a tough crawwd to please.  Either that, or we here in the Beantown don't know our pizza.  
Nope.  That's not it.
I came with a few folks and shared a sausage pie. (That means "a pizza" for all you non- Mid Atlantic folks). ;)   I thought it was delicious. The dough was a bit burnt on the edges, but otherwise thin and nicely doughy at the crust.  The sausage seemed low- fat yet full in flavor, and was crumbled perfectly over a nice, fresh tomato tasting sauce with cheese.   Service was quick and knowledgeable.  The brick oven was the center of the attention atmosphere-wise, and I don't necessarily think that's a bad thing.  We were there for pizza, after all.
Highly recommend for a higher-end slice.Unlike Starr's other restaurants (think Buddakan & Morimoto), this one is less fancy and more down to earth. Don't get me wrong-- the pizza was superb (we had the sausage and added ricotta from our appetizer) and anything but average, but the atmosphere is more laid back and relaxed.
As a connoisseur of pizza crust, I found theirs to be exceptional.
The wait staff is attentive and soft spokenly nice.
Stella is a great place to grab a bite and enjoy the outdoors in a charming neighborhood. Would definitely recommend outdoor seating if available.
One small problem we had were aggressive drivers constantly honking their horns at the intersection next to the restaurant. It was somewhat obnoxious but can't be helped, I suppose.pizza is good, food overall is pretty decent, not amazing. cute spot in soc hill thoStella = Stellar!
San Daniele pizza is to die for; the arugala on top is a nice, fresh addition.
Also watching the pizza boys in action is pretty fun ;)I remember coming here shortly after their opening and being completely underwhelmed. I've gotta admit, I'm kind of a Starr-hater. I'm just never impressed by any of the restaurants in neither decor, ambiance and most especially food. I've given this place a few more chances but I'm still not wild about it.
I will give Stella props though for being a good neighborhood establishment. This is the place to come in a group of 3-4 or more and share several pizzas. How is it? It's good, but for some reason, I'm just not crazy about it. The pancetta is probably my favorite.
Will I pop in here occasionally? Sure, if I'm in the neighborhood, looking for a nice sit-down place and it's pizza that I'm craving or settling for. Do I ever crave Stella specifically? Eh, not really.Ugh I hate to downgrade my review after a few really pleasantly delicious meals here, but things have definitely gone downhill...
Stopped by last night around 8:30 and the place was DEAD..maybe 4 other parties? I was shocked because every other time I had been there the place was packed and there was a wait. I was excited that we could be seated so soon and figured it was a fluke, but after the meal I think the slow night was probably because other people have noticed the evident decline. 
I will say the Caesar salad that I ordered was sublime. The romaine was crisp and fresh and the dressing was delicious. Garlicky and creamy and honestly one of the best renditions of the classic salad I have had in the city. 
We also went with the ricotta and flat bread starter. Yuck! Gross! Blarg! (It was so gross it deserves the invention of a new word to explain how I feel about it.) The ricotta was grainy and gloopy. Maybe I am spoiled bc I live on 13th with easy access to the heavenly ricotta available at Zavino and Barbuzzo. This is a travesty to the cheese world. I don't even know how they made it so badly, but it was. 
We went with the sausage pizza, ordered well done. When it came out I had high hopes seeing the bubbly black charred bits on the crust, but one bite in I realized it was false advertising. I can only guess that the temperature of wood fire oven was WAY off...the dough cooked too quickly on the outside giving the appearance of a well cooked pizza, but in reality the interior was still chewy and doughy--not even close to done!  
The other big offense was the greasiness of the pie. At first I thought it was just very fatty (albeit flavorful sausage) but I started watching the chef actually making the pizzas (we were sitting at the bar overlooking the oven.)  When every single pizza came out of the oven he proceeded to pour more olive oil on it...why?! It isn't adding flavor to the pizza, just additional fat and moisture. Maybe on a crispy pizza it wouldn't have been so offensive but on my barely cooked dough it was a mess. 
We also ordered a carafe of sangria to split. While the flavor was a little too sweet for me, it was drinkable. My only question is why are they serving apple/cinnamon sangria in the Spring? Shouldn't sangria have a seasonal fresh profile...very confusing drinking this on a warm April night. 
I am sad to say I probably will not be back to Stella after last night. And based on the dearth of customers, I can assume that I am not the only one that's not making a return trip. Sad Face.Amazing.  I wanted to try everything on the menu and the ambiance was comfortable. Attentive bartender even though I came during the awkward pre dinner timeslot. I met their general manager Tracey and she was super sweet and genuinely cared about my experience. This was my first time here, and I will definitely be back!Stella has the best limp-crusted pizza in town. And no, it's not a good thing.Only had to wait about 15 minutes for our party of 5 on a busy Friday night. Menu is not very big, but the salads and pasta dishes were absolutely outstanding. Pomodoro spaghetti was as good as you'd find in Italy. I thought the pizza was a little watery, but the flavors were good. Service was okay, a little slow but the place was packed. Food came out really quickly - within 5-6 minutes. Would definitely go back and sit outside when the weather warms up!amazing.
pistachio, red onion, and fontina pizza = one of the best dishes i've had in philadelphia.
easy going, helpful staff.
clean, relaxed, european style atmosphere. 
beautiful bar and brick oven. 
i can't say enough about this place.
bring a couple friends, try a couple different pizzas to share, a glass of house wine or an italian beer.
so good.S T E LLLLLL A!
the good crust is back!See & be seen airy & open atmosphere.  Excellent Star decor & great corner location on Head House.
The toppings are excellent, creative but the crust lacks the complexity of mature pizza dough.  There are ways to make fast dough that is still aged correctly.  A young dough is overwhelmed by the direct heat of the wood brick oven.
Also, the sauce could use more basil & oregano.
Appetizers such as calamari/octopus salad (refreshingly NOT deep fried), asparagus and olive assortment all excellent.  Though olives could have used provolone shards.
Service was patchy at first, but they strove arduously to correct it and were mostly successful.  It WAS a busy night.