Delicious Caesar Salad. The dressing is so tasty! Great cheesesteak, too. One of my favorites in the city. Not a fan of their pizza.So I never write reviews on places but this might be the worst food I've ever gotten delivered. The pizza sauce was horrible. We couldn't even pick up the slice of pizza cuz all the toppings fell off. I ordered pepperoni & sausage on the whole pizza and then mushroom and onion on half. I got half with pepperoni and sausage even though I payed for the whole pizza price topping and then the other half had only mushroom and onion. The wings were undercooked. I won't be ordering from this place again.This is quickly becoming one of my favorite spots. Their balsamic vinaigrette is the Truth!!!Used to love this place until they tried to pass off spinach as basil for my "pesto" topping. I know, the irony.Love this place! Amazing gluten free pizza and fast delivery; just wish they had better hours! Usually when I want it most they're closed or they are away on summer vacation. Please expand your hours!!!The fourth Tuesday of every month 10% of proceeds go to various charities. We ordered pizza, salad and calamari. Was a little shocked when the "spicy calamari" came out with buffalo sauce on it. Different.Ew gross  I should've never ordered from here none of the pictures look good. Ordered two different pies ate maybe 3 slices and have the rest away. Never againJust ordered the chicken parm sandwich with mozzarella sticks and had the most amazing first, second, and last bite... It was the best chicken parm i've ever had and the marinara sauce is amazing. It's just enough cheese to compliment the chicken, personally I dipped the sandwich in marinara which came with the mozz sticks, but that's preference. All I can say is that delivery has always been great when we get pizza at work and the chicken parm will now be my go to sandwich.This is something of an early review for this place since I've only ordered from them twice, but I feel like it deserves a solid 4 (possibly a 5 in the future).
Their brick over pizza is simply delicious an is available in an amazing assortment of toppings. The staff is super polite and the prices are pretty comparable in respect to other local shops. Definitely worth checking out.My family eats here every week and we have never been disappointed. The food is delicious. We have tried a lot of slices and decided this is our favorite pizza in South Philly. We typically get the plain and tomato pies, but the potato pizza is also amazing. Salads and pasta specials are also very good, and always made with fresh ingredients. We are vegetarian and have no problems ordering a variety of menu items, or getting a special order made for us. Very affordable and child-friendly as well.Great pizza delivery in the neighborhood! Food is delicious and just what I'm looking for when craving some Italian food at home. Get the onion rings, they're awesome!! 
Delivery is not so good. Basically had a delivery guy bang on my door as hard as possible and throw the food at us because I didn't hear my phone ring.I called ahead and it took only 15 minutes to prepare my pies because there was no one out, due to the aforementioned storm. I decided to go for the potato pie. The potato pie featured thin sliced potatoes, ricotta, rosemary, roasted garlic, and mozzarella. This is a bit of a change up from the potato pie by which all others are measured (La Rosa), but I was willing to give it a go. Well, it wasn't too bad. It was actually pretty okay, but no match for the current champ. Not enough garlic, or rosemary for my taste, and the cheese was good, but made it really quite rich. La Rosa wins on simplicity in my book.Listen if your delivery of food takes a little longer then your impatient butt is used to..... THATS BECAUSE ITS REALLY FREAKING YUMMY and everybody orders from them....Don't be a whiny bitch (joe). Now that's out of the way, my hubby n I LOVE the takeout delivery, and have ordered at least 2x's a week for the past 9 years faithfully, we are going to miss them a lot when we move out of s.philly soon. Tried every pizza Italian joint and this is the REAL DEAL. AND the restaurant next door makes for a sexy date night or a nice place to your parents to when they visit. The employees there rock so be nice to them, they will take care of you. Awesome place!First time in this Pizzeria at it was delicious!!! For starters they bring out garlic knots with a side of potato salad. Not your usual potato salad it has oil and pesto very good. There mozzarella sticks are great. The pizza was fantastic we ordered a plain and their cheesesteak one both were really great. I would totally go there again.This Pizza Place is Amazing!
 White Pizza Yum! 
Scilian Thick Crust Square Pie $14 AMAZING (u can eat 2 days for 2 people) 
The Pastas from here are always great, Everytime!
The Lemonciello Cake is mouth watering! Nice sized slice $5
Service is always great & fast. 
Delivery no longer then 1/2hr.
We order from here at least twice a month & we're always satified..
Try it u'll like it/love it too.It  took two hours for delivery ( 15 minutes more than outside estimate ) and the food was cold. It's too bad because the pizza would've been very good otherwise.  How do you warm up an arugula pizza???  The hoagie bread was very good but the dressing was more vinegar than anything else and hoagie was a little soggy.  Pick would probably be good but delivery doesn't cut it.Solid pizza spot. I'm fickle, and that place hit the spot. I was particularly excited to see real portobello mushrooms on top! BTW, I ate the entire thing myself. In one sitting.I am a big snob when it comes to my pizza. I wouldn't call this gourmet pizza, but it contends with some of my regular places when I go home to new jersey.  This is the best pizza place for the nights you don't want to cook in South philly.First time ordering from this place and I arrived literally 20 minutes later. Wow! And it's a Saturday night. Pizza came hot and fresh the crust was still crispy and it is delicious. I will recommend and order again. Keep up the good work!Took a whole hour for 1 pizza and it's cold and gross.
They said anymore then 1 hour and it's free
The guy shows up in no lie 59:57 on the count down.
So I'm stuck with this cold half assed pizza i don't even want now. 
Shoulda just went with ChineseMy roommates and I have ordered food from here on occasion and its always pretty decent. We've had mostly pizza and apps, but nothing has really ever stood out. I'm still looking for a Philly pizza place that can top Mac N Manco's or Primo Pizza, both in South Jersey. (Besides Rustica and maybe Nomad) But I need something thats closer to home than those places...
Anyone know of some places???My hubby and I decided to eat here because we were gifted with a $10 certificate from restaurant.com and picked Pizzeria Pesto because it's close to where we live. The place is small but it has a nice warm and cozy feeling to it. We were immediately seated and were pleased to see there was nothing on the menu over $15. Granted, the menu is small and consists mostly of various types of pizza and sandwiches, but there is a small portion of the menu dedicated to pasta dinner entrees. I chose the chicken parmesan ($13) and hubby chose the baked ziti (also $13). I had my choice of spaghetti or penne, and I chose the penne. The dinners came with a side salad (iceberg lettuce, two slices of tomato and cucumber, and some purple cabbage) and two small rolls made into garlic bread. The house dressing is balsamic vinaigrette, which was the best I've ever tasted. We were quite surprised when our waiter brought us a complimentary plate of room temperature boiled potatoes with small diced onions dressed with olive oil and pesto, and how delicious it was! The portion sizes were perfect - we were both quite satisfied when we were finished - and quite delicious. Sodas were $1.00 a glass, which is something I haven't seen for quite some time. Good food, reasonable prices, nice waitstaff - we can't wait to go back!This place is very tight for large groups but then again it's worth it. The place is absolutely clean from top to bottom. I prefer sitting in the upstairs for a bit more privacy.
We have eaten here before but only having the pizza being the lentin season when all my sister's and brother get together.
So I was down again in South Philly at my sister's house she asked if I wanted a cheesteak cause her fiancé was on the way to go for take out. She recommended a cheesesteak or chicken cheesteak. I got the best cheese steak ever. It was on their own fresh baked bread.
I'll be back very soonAt the office, we've had their pizza the last two Friday's.  Taste - DELICOUS.  Delivery - ON TIME!  Price - REASONABLE and well worth it!!!  Today we ordered the Chicken Genovese, chicken cheesesteak, Rustica salad w/grilled chicken and Arugula salad w/grilled chicken.  AWESOME!!  Everyone raved about how good it was.  My boss, who is a very picky eater, said the Chicken Genovese was delicious.  Also, the included hot bread for the salads!  The bread was to-die for.  This is one of our new favorites and I highly recommend them.  :)So the pizza here is really good. Probably the best pizza I have found in Philly after moving here from Chicago. Thin crust. Sauce that actually has some flavor to it. But more than that they have always been extremely helpful and courteous when they make a mistake (I have ordered from here a lot...). They are also accommodating to vegans, just make sure to ask for no cheese if you get the old fashioned tomato pie. Seriously good food and great service.Just moved to S. Philly.    Was looking for a good pizza place around and figured I'd try here.  The sicilian pizza arrived hot and fast. The mushrooms were fresh and the pizza was great! Will definitely be ordering from here again.This review is for the slice of pizza I had. The crust was the best part; thin, chewy and a bit crunchy.The sauce & cheese were extremely bland; not much flavor at all. Can't comprehend how this place got such good reviews. I'm sticking to La Rosa a block away; no contest.Placed a pick up order from here for a cheese steak and an order of fries, they told me it would be ready in 10 minutes. We show up 15 minutes later we go over to find no one at the counter or in the kitchen, odd. So we wait and finally some one comes out and they let us know our food hasn't even been started yet. Very unprofessional I will not be ordering from here againI love the food from pesto no matter what I get is always delicious. Great pizza, chicken wing, salads and eggplant ParmesanI order from here all the time and really like their pizza (although it almost always needs more sauce), and find it to taste much more fresh and authentic compared to other lower south philly joints. Would have easily given 5 stars but delivery is soooo SLOW! Usually it takes about an hour, but several times it has taken upwards of 90 mins to 2 hours. I live five minutes away... Pesto, please hire more drivers!!We ordered three pies for delivery on a busy Saturday night (plain, pepperoni, and a multi-topping GF). All three were delicious - INCLUDING the gluten free pie, which was a nice surprise. Delivery came in less time than estimated. Will definitely order again!I stopped in here on my way to meeting a friend to do schoolwork. They called while I was en route to explain that they'd be late. I understood; my stomach didn't. I was taking public transit that day. So, I had to walk up and down Broad Street looking for something to eat. 
I spotted Pizzeria Pesto from a block away. Inside were the most friendly people. I ordered a slice and the man behind the counter offered the 2 slices and a drink special. That guy knows his product well because after DEVOURING my one slice of cheese and a drink, I wish I had said yes. Very fresh ingredients, perfect crust, great service. I would go out of my way to come back.Awesome food grest service a true philly best. Crust banging white pizza great potato salad great.Great pizza good variety and the cost wasn't to bad Pizza's made fresh and you can watch them make it. Had the chicken pesto pizza and a gluten free pizza both which were deliciousOrdered delivery from here. Their Margherita pizza was good as was their potato pizza. You can tell they use good ingredients. I would definitely order from them again.BEST GF PIZZA IN PHILLY!!! Somehow, they nailed it. Not a cracker, but thin and flexible, so super close to the real thing! Thank you PIZZERIA PESTO!!I've ordered from here a couple of times.  Hit or miss.  Their fries and pizza are good.  (5 stars)  Average onion rings, pretty greasy, but what do you expect.  But the other stuff like the sauce for the mozzarella sticks is tomato paste, like out of the can.  No flavor.  Heads up, the cheese steaks and chicken cheese steaks are made with ciabatta bread.  You may like that, but I wasn't the biggest fan, because it made them taste kinda dry.  The cheese whiz helped with the dryness, but not all the way.Got a plain cheese pizza and it was okay. 
My pizza took over and hour to arrive. Not sure if this was the shop or the drivers fault.This is probably my new go-to pizza spot. Delivery on a Saturday night was surprisingly quick. We got a standard white pizza and the garlic was a bit overpowering for me, but right up my husband's alley. 
The Antipasto salad came with huge slices of meat and cheese that I wish would have been chopped up a bit, but no big deal.
Will order from here again!Have ordered from here numerous times for delivery. Food is normally delivered quick and hot. I just ordered a pizza and mozzarella sticks. The plain cheese pizza is great- however the mozzarella sticks were bad. They tasted old and in some bizarre twist of fate- I received four and a half sticks instead of 5. As in a mozzarella stick was clearly cut in half and placed in the bag- which is just odd. I would definitely suggest ordering the pizza though.This place rules great prices and great pizza always fast too! Ordered from them a couple different times within a week span because I have no self control and it is good pizza which honestly there isn't a lot of in south PhillyDon't order delivery from here. The pizza showed up 30 minutes after the upper end of a 45-60 minute delivery window. We ordered from a residence about 5 minutes away from the restaurant so I'm not sure what went wrong, it was 1 large pepperoni pizza. We called twice to check on our delivery status since we were in a hurry to leave for a concert. I called at the 45 minute mark and the woman who answered said the pizza was out for delivery and should be there shortly. We called back 30 minutes later, same woman, rudely argued that she gave a different estimate when we first called. Which was irrelevant anyway since it was already so late. Food itself was fine, reasonable price. Wouldn't order from here again since you can find average pizza every where with much more reliable service.Ordered two cheese pizzas to be delivered.  Cooked perfectly.  Tasted great.  Delivered quickly by nice, polite delivery man.  One of my favorite places to eat. So happy to have ordered from there.I order from here all the time, but I have only eaten here twice and both times they were understaffed. However, the pizza here is not overly greasy which I appreciate. The rice balls here are soooo good. Every time that they have them in, I order them. I would also suggest trying the potato pizza if you're looking for something different. Other than the lack of grease, the big draw for me here is the sauce. It has a very vibrant red color to it and it has a very nice balance to it.
I can honestly say that for as many times as I have ordered from here, I have never had a bad pizza from this shop. Will be ordering again.Great food and staff! Ordered a takeout pizza. It was ready for pickup in about 10 minutes. Staff was very friendly and nice. Pizza tasted very fresh and good. Definitely recommend for a quick bite to eat.Pizzeria Pesto has the best gluten-free pizza I have tried in Philadelphia! The crust is almost (almost) like a regular pizza crust, in that it is not a thin cracker-like crust, but rather it has a bit of thickness. Their sauce is DELICIOUS!! I recommend getting extra cheese, because the blend (or singe magical cheese) they use is perfection!  They are even nice enough to deliver a small order of just one medium pizza!Delicious.  Ordered the Sicilian...half meatball, half pepperoni.  Could tell from first bite the ingredients are top notch.  Highly recommend.  I have leftovers for days.
Only thing I'd ask for next time is a little more sauce.I've only had their delivery, but they make great pizza. Very good cheese and good amount of sauce. And the pizza is always delivered fresh and warm. I didn't care for the buffalo wings, though, wouldn't recommend it.I always order a gluten-free pizza. It is consistently inconsistent. Sometimes the crust is very dry and sometimes it is palatable and even delicious. It is always a little bit on the salty  side but I don't mind. The ratio of sauce to cheese to basil always changes as well. I just wish I could expect a more consistent pie. Additionally, the delivery is usually lightning fast, but yesterday I had to wait an hour and a half. Again, some consistency would be appreciated.This place = love. Great pizza, try the Quattro Stagioni. Four amazing sections on one pie. The staff are amazingly friendly and always ready to go the extra mile for you. My favorite part pizza within a mile of our office on Washington Ave.Pizzeria Pesto is not to be confused with Pesto just a few doors down. They're both owned by the same people, both BYO, and both offer uber delicious Italian food. The pizzeria is obviously more casual, easier to get a table, has delivery and pick up options via Eat 24 on Yelp, and is perhaps a better option when you have the littles in tow. 
It's on the smaller side but they do have a balcony for more crowded nights. You start your meal with complimentary garlic knots for each member of your party and pesto potato salad. Their house Pesto is phenomenal! Do not miss a taste! It's not what you're thinking when you hear potato salad. It's just potatoes and Pesto and it's rather yummy!
They have a vast selection of delicious pizzas! Get one to split even if this won't be you're main meal! A small was perfect for two adults. They offer a variety of classic pasta dishes too. They do not have a kid's menu and they do charge for sharing which is usually something I highly dislike. The saving grace here is that they offer any of their pastas in a kid's portion for about $6 so that was a great option for the wee ones. One ordered simple marinara and the other alfredo. They both chose penne although there were many pasta options including gluten free. 
Get a cannoli for dessert! You will not be sorry. It's thinner than many others in the South Philly but equally as tasty, even more so than some places. 
The service was what I have grown to expect from any South Philly establishment. Thick accents and treated like family. Lots of "Huns" and "dolls" being thrown around. The ladies were great as was some friendly gentleman on the way out asking us to return. 
Don't forget your discount for your Yelp check in!  
A great, tasty, somewhat inexpensive option! 
Quarter meter parking on Broad.I rarely do these unless I am impressed or underwhelmed. The disparity of how good I've heard their pizza is, to what I received almost two hours after ordering and a full 45 minutes past the 50 min delivery window, left me eating cold soggy fries, and what was ordered as crispy well done crust was cool, soggy, and needing the oven to make it bearable. Highly disappointed. Possibly eating in there is the way to go, I will never know after this experience. There are numerous others worth keeping in the rotation, this service was uncalled for, and I should have been notified if there was a problem... I called, and was told it was on its way here. Which is only several blocks. I could have walked there in the 40 min after I called the driver took to get here. This was a potential 4 star, dropped to a 2 star, on food quality and down to 1 star for delivery and customer service. 
Buyer Beware!I am a long time customer for both pick up and delivery and I must say that my experience tonight has me so disappointed that I may never return and feel compelled to write this review. Maybe it's just a coincidence but my service complaints recently only seem to occur when I use an ordering service instead of calling. Tonight I used such service to order a pie. I was given a long food pick up time which was perfectly understandable because it is a pizza place and it was a Friday. My problem is that when I went to pick up my pizza I was told it was not ready. I waited and waited. I fed the meter a couple times and waited with the occasional worker checking to see if it was ready when suddenly someone announced that it's been done and there it is sitting on top of the oven. At that point Claudio grabs the box and slings it over to me without so much as a sorry we forgot it was already done. Ok so I take my pizza and head home. I peak in the pizza box and see it has already take on the look of a pizza that has been sitting. It arrived home much colder then usual when I pick up and the crust tasted like cardboard. I have had the occasional problem in the past and the service issues seem the be limited to when an ordering service is used. Maybe it's just a coincidence or maybe they don't like the ordering service but if that's the case you should not use it instead of giving those consumers sub par service. I may or may not return here but if I did I would use an ordering service with caution.Everything I order from here I have had delivered. The most important thing to me is speedy delivery and the food to arrive hot. The accomplish both these important criteria's. I've had their pizza which was fantastic (And I am from NY) The meatballs are moist and delicious along with their pasta always prepared al dente.. perfect!! The prices are extremely reasonable and I look forward to my next order..Cheesesteaks are AMAZING. Skip the tourist traps with subpar steaks like pats and genos and go to this place. The rolls are seriously outstanding!I have to say I went there for my birthday last night before a girls night out the food was out of this world and the service was excellent very friendly & talkative our drink were never empty plates were cleared off the table quickly if every place had there service the world would be perfect definitely a A+ in my book !I'm going to sound like a broken record when I say that anywhere else but Philadelphia, this would be five stars easily.  He makes his own dough.  He cares about his customers (and their response - hence the babysitting of his reviews).  He cares about is product.  Chef Claudio's only problem is one of location:  To the north is Francoluigi's, to the west, Gennaro's.  Why would such an accomplished pizza-man subject himself to this amount of competition?  Because he know's he's good enough.  I whole-heatedly stand by my opinion that Chef Claudio's pie is better than Gennaro's and as good as Francoluigi's.  I think where Claudio shines is with his more creative pies, but those are probably overlooked by a lot of his audience.  Disheartening!
I cannot recommend this pie-shop enough.  It's unpretentious and good.The restaurant is charming, but the faulted ceiling makes it a little noisy to carry on conversations. The service was excellent, very accommodating with requests and answered all our questions, even on a busy Friday evening. The selection of specials all sounded fantastic, we order the special salad which was on point! For our entree we ordered two pizza to share, the potato and ortolana. The potato was ok, we all agreed it was missing something but couldn't pin point what ingredient would have help it. The ortolana was the table favorite, my boyfriend is NOT a veggie pizza fan but even he loved this. I would recommend this place to friends, I plan on going again and trying some of their other options.I have no idea how this place got good ratings.  The pizza crust was like cardboard & the cheese was a mess. Waste of money. Never againI ordered some take-out from here a couple weeks ago, and it was decent enough. There was a special for 10 wings and a large pizza for $18 or so - and it was definitely enough for three people to split for dinner. The pizza was thin and greasy, but did the job. The customer service here was not spectacular, in fact - a little bit sarcastic and insulting, but I guess that's the South Philly charm here. I would return again for an inexpensive bite, but I'll check out some of the other pizzeria's in the area first.So, after having eaten nothing but Turkey and Thanksgiving left overs for the past two days, I was in the mood for some good ol' fashioned pizza!  I was feeling adventurous and decided to switch some things up and try a new joint rather than default to Slice.
I zeroed in on Pesto since I was overdue in giving this place a shot.  I always order a Margherita Pizza when its my first time ordering from a new place, so this was no exception.
My pie arrived relatively quickly for a Saturday night, but I was surprised to see it was more than a bit on the cold side.  I paid it no mind and dove in to my first slice.  I must admit it was a tasty first impression.  I really, really wanted to give it a fair shake, so i popped it in the oven to give it a courtesy reheat--something I generally NEVER do upon a first visit.  
I am glad that I decided to break one of my rules, because this turned out to be some pretty excellent pizza! The amount of cheese on the pizza was perfect, and the sauce had that excellent tomato flavor you'd expect from a well done pie.  It was not the least  bit greasey, and there was not an over abundance of basil.  
I would say that this is relatively on par with what you will get at Slice, which is probably why I enjoyed it as much as I did.  Slice's pies tend to be baked to a more "well done" state, so the crust is crispier and has a slightly charred taste.  Pesto's pies are around the same thickness, but are not quite as well done.  There is no char, but there isn't anything wrong with that!
If the pizza had arrived hot, this hands down would have been a 5/5 review.  That being said, the door has now been opened, and I look forward to more orders from Pesto (even if i need to give them a little heat!)I've never actually been inside this place but I've gotten take out and delivery numerous times.  Everything here is delicious.  But my favorite item here hands down has to be the portobello mushroom sandwich. 
I'm not vegetarian, but after trying the portobello sandwich here, I've never been able to try anything else!  The mushrooms they use are always fresh and cooked just right to give it that soft but steak-like flavor.  It is put on a soft but textured roll with a light flakey crunch and topped with the perfect amount of provolone cheese for a perfect pull to bring the sandwich together!  My absolute favorite mushroom sandwich!!!  Every mushroom sandwich, I've tried since has disappointed me.
4 stars for the restaurant and service (they have always gotten the order right for my co-workers and myself)
and 5+stars for my sandwich!!Don't tell Slice that I have been cheating on them with Pizzeria Pesto!
 This is such a cute little date spot. Grab a bottle of wine and be sure to order one of the many irresistible appetizer specials and great Arugula Pizza!Ordered delivery twice from here. First time wasn't bad but it was also not a busy time of day. The last time I ordered here was before an Eagles game & my food showed up almost 2 hours after I ordered it & my pizza was lukewarm. I had to reheat my pizza in the oven as soon as it showed up. Wings were terrible, lukewarm and barely any meat on them. if they would have called & let me know my order was gonna be a little behind schedule, I would have waited patiently, instead of receiving the delivered food that wasn't up to par. At least the 2 liter of coke was cold.... Also the pizza needs more sauce!Within one bite of my caprese salad, I was experiencing nostalgia from my time spent in Italy. I know others have been disappointed with the lack of lettuce given it's a "salad", but this was authentic Italian- fresh mozzarella and flavorful tomatoes with a tasty olive oil mix. The Sicilian pizza was huge and enjoyed by all; great balance of cheese and sauce.  I'm excited to try them again for dine-in since I see it's a BYOB and hopeful I'll enjoy it just the same.Delivery: Ordered at 7:11p, arrived by 8:00p which to me is reasonable 
Food: Ordered the Pizza Special w/included 1-large pizza, 10-wings & a 2-ltr soda for $16.99; the pizza was one of the most delicious I've had in a while, a nice thin crust with an savory sauce. The wings were fresh, meaty, & crispy & came with a thick delicious bbq sauce
Overall Rating: Will order from here again, especially for the pizza; I am satisfied with the reasonable pricing, friendly service & delivery time.This review is not for Pesto's food, which has always been excellent, but their service.
I placed an order through Grubhub one Sunday night. Easy, right? I've done it before, and never with any issues. But this time, my order never came, and the restaurant "closed" before I could resolve the situation (They close at 9, but even at 10 of they stopped answering), completely ruining the dinner plans I had with my gf.
As much as I like Pesto, there are too many pizza options in this neighborhood to suffer such poor customer service. I won't be back.Just had dinner here.   It was superb.   The server was fantastic.   She was not only polite, was knowledgeable about the food.   I had the short ribs to order and my husband had the pork chop.  We had salad and garlic knots with maranaria sauce.Ordered delivery from Pizzeria Pesto on Saturday afternoon hoping that it would help ease my headache.
This place is great. I am surprised to read of complaints about delivery times, because our order arrived exceptionally quickly (25 minutes total - MAJOR bonus points). It was awesome to boot.  The margherita pizza could have used a bit more basil, but all in all, it was amazing.  The fries were good too and really hit the spot. 
Hopefully the speedy delivery time was not just an anomaly because Pizzeria Pesto will definitely be added to the delivery rotation.My boyfriend and I ordered the margarita pizza, mild wings, and caprese salad. I was extremely disappointed in the pizza. It was cold and there was nothing to it. It had no taste to it. The wings we okay. Better than the pizza, but that's not saying something. Also, the caprese salad, had no lettuce and where was the balsamic vinaigrette? The bread was good. Never going here again.Nice, simple and good. It's probably the only place in town where a pizza tastes like a pizza and ambiance doesn't make up for the quality of food. 
Plus Cludio's pesto is unbeatable!We've ordered delivery a couple times now and both times we loved it! The Chicken Parm and spaghetti with meatballs are both excellent. The portions are good and it comes with bread plus a small salad. We've also tried a calzone which was huge (we ordered the large) and it was amazing! Glad we found this spot and see us ordering here often. The delivery guy was super nice and the prices are great!One of the best pizzas I've ever had. Pesto pasta was delicious. Order was prompt. Everyone was super friendly. Perfect meal.Mediocre. I mean it gets the job done, and it's not bad, but it's just not that good. I asked for it well done, and ever though it was cooked 'well done', it was still soggy. The cheese was a bit chewy, the sauce watery, and overall a bit flavorless. I've been searching for the best pizza in my area and my search continues.This review has been a long time coming, its time to share a South Philly secret. If you are looking for awesome round pizza then look no further. The pizza here is tremendous and it is a weekly staple at my house. My usual is 2 large cheese pizzas well done and delivered. I get the special and around 20 bucks including tip will cover it. When I feel my pizza needs a lid I usually go with sausage. When I am really feeling it, I order a chicken rabe pizza which is grilled chicken, brocolli rabe, provolone and garlic. Pizza nirvana. The sandwiches are good also. I have on occasion even dined in, they let you BYO and its a nice little dining room. I was always a big fan of their restaurant which is a few doors down but this place has quickly become one of my favorites.  People always ask me where I order my pizza "the shack, city, celebres, uncle oogies, slice?" Nope I order round from Pesto only (get square pizza at stogies but that's another review)My hubs and I ordered pizza. We didn't feel like going out tonight....the pizza was terrible. Flavorless, not enough sauce and had an extremely weird aftertaste of melted plastic......and it was also delivered 40 minutes late.My husband and I order from here a fair amount. It has been our go-to for pizza for the past year (after trying out just about every other local pizza place). Tonight we stepped out of our usual pizza order and got a cheesesteak wings and fries. First of all, the wings are battered magic. They were delivered still crispy, not soggy. Anyone who has ordered fries for delivery knows how difficult this is. Second of all, for some reason I always struggle to find really good wings. They're either too dry, too breaded, too fatty, not hot enough or too hot. These were perfect. The perfect amount of everything a wing should have. The cheesesteak (while I didn't try it) had my husband shaking his head in agreement from the first bite down to the last. 
I think it's safe to say that if you're looking for pizza, wings, fries, or any other "pizza place" food, Pesto should be your pick - you won't be disappointed.My FAVORITE pizza spot in the city. Closest thing to a NY slice. Timely delivery and affordable. I love this place.Good South Philly Jawn, a place were family and friends can go and feel like home.Came here by mistake due to the fact that I though I was going to the fine restaurant next door. (Can not use gift card from this place for the restaurant next door, which really ticked me off)
The waiter aka Charlie Hustle who works the back room deserves a statue out front for the amount of quality effort and work he puts in. Great work/service! The ZA was OK but not the best in the area. BEST part of this this place is that it is a BYOB.dont use heated box thingys? it's the coldest night in years and years....plus i waited almost 2. yes 2 hours! and its not the kick butt pizza it should be......well, never again. i could have walked there and home faster