Reserved a whole pie. I got pepperoni. It was perfect. Thin but substantial crust perfectly cooked. They do it a bit more well done than average, which is the best. The pepperoni was high quality. The sauce to cheese ratio was perfect. They also shave Parmesan on top which is really nice. They dudes there were very nice as well. Only thing they could do better is let me pay more for more pepperoni, because that stuff is good.I loved it. The crust is thin, crisp and flavorful. The special, with squash and tomatoes was sweet and savory. The pepperoni spicy, cheesy and tangy. The plain was worthy condentor for plain 'za. It was delicious but my least favorite of the offerings.The plain slice was super delicious. The special slice which had peppers and onions was even more delicious. I expected to encounter some artisanal douchiness, but thankfully there was none. Just friendly faces.Their tomato pie is best I've had in Philly, but the plain pie is no slouch: thin crust, cooked well, flavorful sauce. I'd put it up against any slice. These guys are a worthy successor to Beddia, no doubt.Really good pizza. I bit saucy on occasion (pepperoni). The special pies are always great. Only wish I could customized the whole pie experience, its new but has a lot of promise!Wow!  When Pizza Beddia closed and this place opened there was no difference. Very surprising how good the special veggie pizza was!  Had to get the tomato pie, pepperoni, and special.  Hopefully they sell pies in the future!Easily one of the best pizza joints in Philly, located on a stretch of Girard that desperately needed a quality place to grab a slice on the go. Highly recommended!I got a plain slice today. It was $5 with tax but was almost the size of 2 slices so I feel that I got my money's worth. It tasted good and I'll be back to try other flavors. Bonus: the guys working there called me miss instead of ma'amThe cheese slice was unexpectedly crisp, tart, clean delicious. The guys running this joint have big shoes to fill and they're no slouches. Really impressed.Omg the best pizza in town and we have some awesome pizzerias in town. The dough is chewy crispy and just so gooooooood. The fact that EVERYTHING is FRESH and NATURAL prolly has a lot to do with it as every single ingredient that goes into the pizza is fresh and without preservatives.  But the guys who are creating the pizza are artisans. They care about what they make. What a gem. I'm so happy.this pizza will change your life. The best crust I've ever eaten and I will think about it and compare every crust in the future to it.  I usually don't get my pizza heated up but you have to here, it's on a whole new level. Also, cooler full of free beer near the door and it isn't crappy beer either.Resurrection of the ghost of Pizzeria Beddia.  Guys who run it are super friendly and accommodating (we screwed up the order process online and they said no problem, we'll fix you a pie) and the pizza is top notch, essentially an homage if not the replica of Beddia's masterpiece pizza.  So happy that it is here.  Soon to be my go to take out pie.I love this pizza. I cannot get enough. The ingredients and method are amazing. I think this is the best pizza is the United States. In fact it may be better than the pizza in Italy due to the amazing ingredients and care that goes into each pizza. Go. Trust me. Don't wait.Come here. The plain and specialty pizza were both very good and the tomato pie was the best I have ever had. The crust was perfectly crunchy and the slices are large. The staff is friendly, too.Absolutely love this place! The pies are HUGE and the slices too! We got their special roasted corn with other poblano cream, pepperoni, and cheese and loved them all! If you order a whole pie, it takes about 30min to make. Definitely coming back for our next Pizza night!My go to Pizza joint in Fishtown. Really tasty Pizza. Wish they delivered but glad they sick with quality then quantity.What can I say? I'm a pizza connoisseur. This pizza was great. The crust nice and crispy. The sauce was so good. Pizza was hot and fresh. The customer service was excellent.Service is take it or leave it , not very warm or welcoming . All that attitude and the   pizza is super average. This pizza is the best if you're 5 feet away from this place. Crust has a nice crispy crew , light airy bread taste , but dry dry dry , absolutely no hint of sauce  . This is  what you call an unbalanced pizza slice  .Good pizza, very small place. Doesn't seem their oven has the capacity to keep up with too much business. There was a wait for slices and they were turning away whole pie orders.Pizza Shackamaxon is in the house of Beddia which recently closed/moved. We stopped in Wednesday before heading to the shore. The girl working the counter and the pizza guy were super friendly. We ordered 3 slices for the road and 2 diet cokes. 
The slices themselves were pretty darn good. The cheese to sauce ratio was spot on and flavorful. It's a thin crust pizza and it's so light and crispy. The crust was a bit too well done for my liking. There is a fine line between color, flavor and burnt. At $4.00 a slice it's a bit much but it's a quality slice. There is limited seating in the place and they offer very limited drinks. We will stop back in though, solid 4 stars.Simply one of the best pizza places in Fishtown. Slices are slightly pricier but huge. Excellent sauce, crust, the whole deal. Shackamaxon is definitely worth the wait--and be prepared to wait during their dinner rush.Cheap good pizzas by the slice? Yes please! Also authentic cola in the glass is a classy way to wash down pepperoni. My kids gave it two thumbs up. The bites I stole from them were definitely worth the attitude I gotIn the former site of pizzeria Beddia, this place makes , arguably, the best slice in Philadelphia (I think Pizza Brain/ Pizza Dad's also is in the same league), better tasting crust and pie than the new Beddia  Pizza in the same nabe as all three. Admittedly, it is easier to get good crunch when re-heating and selling by the slice, but to me pizza quality is about two things: the crust (crunch) and the sauce. The rest is like ketchup and mustard on a frankfurter; it doesn't make the underlying frank good or bad. This place scores on both the sauce and the crunch, with a dough that is both airy and crunchy and tastes like Italian bread (much like the terrific Roman-style pizza at Alice in Center City).
Small place; very limited menu; not cheap for whole pies or slices. But, well worth the premium cost for the great result. Nice to see Philadelphia (well, Fishtown area) becoming a slice mecca like Greenwich Village. And, this place is doing its part. The guys making and selling it obviously care, too.  Wish they were closer to where I live. Bravo!This place is excellent. The guys work hard to bring you great Pizza.Thanks Josh & Cello for making awesome ass Za.Best pizza in the city, hands down!Pie is cooked perfectly with gooey cheese deliciousness. The pizza is simply special, I only wish there was an easier way to order it, instead of visiting the shop and waiting or coming back in an hour. Don't get me wrong though, it's definitely worth the wait. Or I just order 5 slices!The best pizza. The thin crust is perfectly crunchy. The tomato pie is out of this world. They never fail to make a banging speciality pie. Go to spot. I eat here almost weekly. if you love pizza GO HERE.This place was quite interesting; I'm giving 4 stars only bc it's pizza from philly and compared to any other pizza in the area the pizza was decent. The experience within the restaurant is where we experienced a range of characters. Upon arrival the guy at the front counter wasn't really the friendliest. He was in the weeds with about three tickets; and made it known to myself and other patrons. We wanted to order two pies for our group but they informed us they only had one pizza dough left so we decided to order that and a few of the slices they had on display when the counter guy says to us "If you get those we won't have any more pizza so my husband and I look at him like okay.... so I say well we wanted to order two pies so we'll just take these four and then he says "You huya already ordered a pie". I'm a bit taken a back like did we not walk into a pizzeria where the goal is to sell your pizza?  So I proceed to say to the counter guy that we're ordering for a group of us with kids and what does it matter if you sell these to us or to someone else? They agreed to sell us two slices with our pie (yes it's a pizza pie!) we paid for our pie and the two slices and They told us it would take about 25 minutes so we leave for a drink while we waited. Once we arrive back to pick up our order the same counter guy then tells us he sold our slices! Like wtf! The other guy that was making the pizza (who happened to be the more hospitable of the two) offers to make us two slices or we could come in the next day and get two slices. That's what we decided to do and they honored their word they didn't forget we paid already and gave us the slices. Overall just an odd experience for "ZA" as they called it but if you're into that kinda stuff I would say the pizza was decent and i guess worth the wait.Some of the best pizza I've had! 
Good ingredients, finished with a drizzle of oil and fresh grated cheese to top it off. Good crisp crust. I'll stop anytime I'm in the area!This place was better than expected! Definitely the best pizza place to buy a slice. The slices are huge and every bite was better than the next! The slices are very thin but it still had the right amount of crunch. You can't go wrong with the pepperoni or cheese slice. 
The place is very small so don't expect to eat inside. There's some tables outside though.Best pizza of my life, it's truly magical. Go eat it. Also, they were super polite and kind.Best. Pizza. In. Philly. Bar none. But please do me a favor and don't go there. I hate waiting in line. Seriously, this is better than most NY pizza I have had. I should have given one star so people stay away and I can have all the awesome pizza to myself. It is a step up from the last place in the location for sure. Plus the owner had a personality. I think he has both business sense and and an amazing ability to craft pizza. Just save a slice for me if you go there.Best Pizza I ever had? Philly, Jersey NYC, Maybe- big statement but accurate... really unique and after first bite both my wife and I said "wow!"The sauce and cheese, was delicious. Crust was incredible. As the cook took it out of the oven he sprinkled some spices and then a bit of olive oil. He seemed proud of his work!
I had a slice fresh out of the oven which I expected to be good and it was great. But then took two pies home, reheated and we all loved it. 
Note- they only have like 4 or 5 types of pies. I guess they specialize and do it well.OK we will admit it.....we would drive from NY to have this pizza again for the 3rd time . We know pizza and this is one of the top 10 we have had. Just the right "chew" which is very tough to get consistently right ......they do it every time. Cheese and sauce are balanced to make this the top contenderLiterally never have enjoyed slices so much. The guys behind the counter was putting everything into these pies and it shows. Had the 'classic white', a pepperoni, and tomato pie and it was all a divine experience. I am from a few hours away and am trying to actively come up with excuses to visit the city again (in part just to go here).Ah, Pizza Shackamaxon- you play so hard to get, but it just makes me love you more! Wait in line for 15 minutes, half of it outdoors? Sure. Be told that a plain pie will be a 45-minute wait even though it's only like 4pm? I'd wait longer. Stand in the tiny cramped space along the wall awkwardly while listening to a random dude in a baseball cap say "are you serious, an hour?!" to the pizza man? This is the way. 
The pizza is thin and heavenly and the crust tastes like bomb sourdough. The end.Best pizza in Philadelphia by far. The staff that work there (&owner) are also awesome. The product is consistent - fresh, flavorful, high quality.This place has some of the best pizza in the city and also some of the nicest people who work there! The thin crust and perfectly browned underside are just a few things about this pizza that make it stand out. The fresh produce, meat and cheese all perfectly combine to give you a flavor explosion in your mouth. The cheese pizza is perfectly classic and the pepperoni only takes it another notch up!
Can't wait to order here again and again!Best pizza I've had in Philly. Owner Josh and Cello are freaking awesome people. Had a slice of pepperoni and Mexican Coke to buy some time today and we chatted the entire time. Great people and f'ing amazing pizza. Almost worth the trip from Oklahoma alone! Holy crap! Go here. Now.10 Stars!!  Oh my gosh, I believe I just ate one of the best pizza's ever...Really, EVER. Whatever Pizzeria Beddia was doing, the new crew at Shackamaxon killing it just the same!!  Was back in town visiting family and been waiting for a good opportunity to drive over there. Being National Pi Day today...perfect reason...although when I walked in and said Happy National Pi Day, the guy looked at me quizingly. But the two guys were extremely nice and I enjoyed chatting with them. Seemed like a great staff!!
Ate slice of cheese, slice of pepperoni and pickled jalapeños, and 2 slices of the red tomato pie. All exceptional...but the tomato pie with great charred edges - all I can say is holy moly!!! it's un-f@#king-believable!!!...will make any bad day a good day!! I need to go back tomorrow before leaving City of Brotherly Love.Simply awesome. We got a half plain half pepperoni and it was on point. Staff was friendly and service was good. All around an easy 5 stars.Holy shit.  Best tomato pie I've ever had.  I'm still in shock, it was so insanely good.
I just started working in the neighborhood and saw their tomato pie on instagram.  I walked over and luckily they weren't sold out! The guys behind the counter were awesome-Josh and Colin were both friendly and welcoming and just a delight.  I got two slices and ate one within 30 seconds almost, it was so delicious! Saving the other for dinner and already looking forward to it.
Go here! I'll be back! Thank you for the amazing tomato pie!Good pizza! Fresh and the ingredients are tasty! Try the special! Love there pizza! Order online and picked up was easy!Finally got some time to check this place out. It was so delicious! I will definitely be coming back!This pizza is literally one of the best I have eaten. The slices are big but super delicate in the crust. Omg... They mastered the dough to sauce to cheese combination perfectly. Each bite that I took had perfect consistency and flavor. 
I got cheese and pepperoni; both just fantastic options. The pepperoni on the pizza are tiny. When you bite into it, there is a slight addition of salt from the pepperoni but it doesn't ruin the balance. 
The shop is small and there are two big tables you can stand and eat at. Staff of super chill and they just seem like your friendly Philly neighborhood people who just want you to have good pizza. 
If I had to choice of just eating this pizza over all pizzas for the rest of my life, I would.... It's that good people!Pizza is solid. I wish I remembered the guy working the counter but he was so incredibly friendly, down to earth made me want to hang out for awhile. I take that back, pizza was more than solid. I've had tacconellis, beddia, vetri, and this place is still special and stands out. If they partnered with weckerlys ice cream they could take over the world (or at least fishtown)
Get a slice of everything - and probably a whole pie for later.Outstanding pizza and service. Fresh ingredients and their weekly specials always deliver.Soooooo I do not write many reviews but I thought I would share. I do not want to be negative and the pizza served was ok, but nothing compared to the reviews. I guess I am a little confused with all these types of places popping up where it is almost a privilege to eat their pizza. We place our order in the morning and we were told it would be ready at 425. And they were 100% accurate which is nice. But for $49 dollars for a plain and a white is out of bounds. No way was it worth that price. It's was good but I named 10 places off the top of my head that were better. Again I do not want to put the place down but I think people either do not know pizza or are just wrapped up in the hype of these types of places.
Bottom line it was good not great. The reviews do not reflect the product. And the prices are stupid high. Pizza has one of the highest profits in the food industry. So again $49 dollars is actually higher then the shore.Solid pizza by the slice establishment but from what I hear, If you walk in during certain times of the days, you can order whole pies. 
The pizza itself has a thin but a not too crispy consistency, cooked well, with a good sauce. The guys behind the counter are very pleasant as well!The guy making pizza is in the worst mood at all Times and it shows in the quality of the pizza. Extremely light with a thick layer of grease for $4 per slice. Expect to hear about how much of a bad mood the guy making pizza is. Will not go there again. Horrible experience.Fantastic Pizza!
Friendly Staff!
Their specials are consistently some of the best slices I've ever had!This is the best pizza by the slice in Philadelphia and I'm willing to stake my professional and personal reputation on it. Strong words to express my strong feelings about Pizza Shackamaxon. 
As anybody in my family will tell you, my ideal pizza is thick (I abhor thin crusted pizza...), chewy and ample dough, with sweet tomato sauce and pepperoni toppings. Another thing they'll tell you is that I love eating standing up (I hate sitting in general). 
At Pizza Shackamaxon, I get the best of both worlds: to eat doughy and thick crusted pizza standing up with a lovely view of Girard Ave right outside. I've eaten here in a snowstorm and on a sunny spring day. I love the interior atmosphere of the restaurant and how it's always at a comfortable temperature to combat the bipolar east coast weather outside. 
As a picky eater, I gravitate towards the pepperoni slice and the cheese slice, but they have delightful weekly specials which they post on their instagram account. Even the plain cheese slice is teeming with flavor (lots of basil!) in each bite. Maybe one day I'll be adventurous enough to try one of the special flavor of the weeks.
Also, the employees always call me "miss" which makes my day :DGreat slices! Better than Pizzeria Beddia. I am glad that Beddia moved onto its bigger place so that folks like me who just want a high quality slice of pizza can enjoy this spot. It's probably as close to the Jumbo Slice experience as you can get in philly (along with Pizza Dad's) so any DC transplants should enjoy this spot.I first came across this pizza place in philly critic review mentioning they were trying to be good pizza without the exclusive attitude of the original Pizzeria Beddia. I thought I would try it out since I love pizza. I arrived with friends and purchased a pie. During the transaction the manager or person that seemed to be in charge awkwardly emphasized how lucky we were to receive our pie. Ok I thought, maybe I got the last one. When we all finished, we noticed they brought out another pie to serve as slices. We each had one slice with the first pie and wanted more. As we walked up to buy more, other customers walked in. We were quickly told that we needed to let the other customers have a chance to get a slice first for "ethical reasons." Once we figured out that the other guests were given their allotted slices we asked if we could have the remaining 3 slices. We were then told that they were open for another hour and that the remaining slices were for other guests. When we asked for further explanation the staff mocked us claiming they only sold single slices to customers....despite their menu board pricing out whole pies. The conversation went on and the staff continued to be rude, asking our names and telling us to have a nice evening in a sarcastic way. Seriously, all we wanted was to buy some pizza. I'm sorry but it wasn't good enough to put up with this behavior. There are so many other great options and this place is awkwardly trying too hard to be exclusiveThis is an amazing pizza in a famous location. It might even be better than the predecessor since the dough is stretched a bit thinner. Plus you can get slices to go. Great pizza! One of the best I've ever had.i made a haiku about this pizza: 
crunch like an earthquake
slurpable cheese (tang and grease)
the only pizza
I can't stop thinking about this pizza and it's coming out in weird ways, clearly. I am literally obsessed with this pizza. The only reason i go on instagram is to check the account for this place to see their posts/stories. Then this leads me to think about the pizza throughout the day. At least once a week, my willpower to resist the magic pizza caves, and I end up stopping in for two (huge) slices. 
Some people complain that 4 dollars for pizza is too much. First of all, these pizzas are cut into six slices so they are significantly larger than your average slice. Second, I'm not coming in here because I have a desire for just some pizza. It's because this is now the ONLY pizza i want, the only pizza that satisfies my stomach (soul). It is THE pizza and I'd pay 5 dollars a slice and i'm not ashamed to admit it. 
Thank you to these supreme pizza magicians. I love you a lot.We were excited to try this Pizza location when visiting Philly, but we were not very impressed. We decided to take the scenic route and walk a decent distance to try this location, but we were greeted by short tempered staff and cold pizza. I guess Pizza Shackamaxon caters more to the local individual as I'm hoping other people had a better experience than myself.The pizza was burnt, and looking at the pictures thats their pizza style.  Was a bit tough to eat and even the flavor wasn't impressive.  I came here because of the barstool review that compares it to Brooklyn's Di Fara.  Ive had Di Fara and it doesnt come close at all sorry to say.This is the best pizza in Philly, no contest. Kind of like an artisan NY slice, but a little airier, fancified, cooked well-done. 
Killer tomatoes, cheese blend, and crust. White pies are always interesting, too. Guys running the shop are awesome.This place is never open.  I haven't had a chance to try the pizza because they seem to be closed every afternoon.  I am standing there now at 1:25 pm on a Tuesday afternoon.  According to their sign, this place should have been open at noon.My boyfriend and I were out and about and decided we wanted to get a pizza for dinner. Sure enough, Pizza Shackamaxon was right across the street, so it seemed like the perfect opportunity to give it a try. 
If you're just walking into the shop, you can only buy pizza by the slice, otherwise you have to reserve ahead of time. However, the gentleman working behind the counter was kind enough to make an exception of us and allowed us to order a whole pie for take out. Within 30 minutes, we got a fresh pie. 
The pizza itself is some of the best I've ever had in Philly. One aspect we love about this place is the fact all of the ingredients are very fresh. They use freshly grated cheese instead of the processed stuff that comes in industrial size (there was literally a guy behind the counter grating a huge block of cheese). You can also taste fresh tomato chunks in the sauce. The crust has a nice crispy outer layer with a thick, chewy center. The center had the consistency of freshly baked bread. 
If you're looking for a pizzeria that prioritizes the use of fresh ingredients, this is definitely worth checking out!I came here because I had a friend who was a huge fan of this place and wouldn't stop raving about it. The pizza itself was excellent. I got a white slice and a slice of tomato pie, and both were really good. The crust was pretty thin on the regular slice (which I like). The tomato pie was warm and delicious, and I'm not usually a huge tomato pie fan. 
The actual process of getting the pizza was a little bit odd...the white slice was ready to go, but the tomato pie was just going in the oven (last pie of the night around 7:30pm), so we ate the other slices while waiting for the tomato pie to come out. We ended up basically like pre-paying and "reserving" our slices from the last pie of the night, and we came back into the store once they were ready. 
I didn't mind the scenario per se because I was with a group of friends, and it was nice enough weather to sit outside while we were waiting for the pizza. There isn't any indoor seating though, so I can imagine this being a difficult process in poor weather. I would definitely come here again, but I would call to pre-order if that's possible.It brings me with quite disappointment that this Pizza place isn't quite what others have raved about. I was expecting an above 8 pizza. I'm from NYC and now living in Philly and finding a good Pizza place has been a mission. First off the place is very small as others stated so do plan to go. It's priced too high in my opinion. The smell was amazing and it looked very good, and I was hoping the taste would be equally as good. The crust wasn't crispy instead it was soft and flappy. The ends had way to much dough for my liking. The sauce wasn't that great, however their was a good portion of cheese. Overall the taste wasn't as good as I thought it would be. I recently went to Tacconelli's in port Richmond and was very impressed, and had the bar too high up thinking this place would be about the same or better. 
I definitely recommend Tacconelli's pizza first and it's cheaper too. I wouldn't come back here personally. Hope this helpsWow. Some of the best pizza I have ever had. We arrived on a Saturday night and ordered our slices just before they sold out for the night. So glad we got to try it! Would highly recommend.Absolute perfection, this place makes pizza better than 99 percent of pizzerias in New York. The tomato slice is divine and the regular plain cheese is artistic, it looked beautiful and tasted just as good. The pizza was so amazing that I had more than two slices and wound up having no room for a cheesesteak.We went here thinking it was Pizzeria Beddia but were told he closed and they took over. Pizza looked good so we tried it. And it was super duper tasty! We got a slice of each of their pies. They only make certain kinds certain days but unlike Beddia, they don't close when they run out of dough.. they just make more... Thank the pizza gods! Every slice was great. And the guys behind the counter were very nice and informative. Wish I was there now actually.Best pizza in Philly!!! If you love thin crust, look no more. This place does it right! Best part is that they do pizza by the slice. The cheese, pepperoni and tomato pie were all excellent! The dough was nice and airy with an amazing crunch. I will only go here to get my pizza fix from now on.This pizza is tasty, thin, and sliced large.  Of course at over $4 a slice with no additional toppings added, it better be!  There were four different options for slices on the given night I visited and at first glance, they all certainly looked great.  There didn't seem to be options to customize further.  I asked for an original to go, it was heated up quickly and I was on my way.
First impression, this slice is very, very thin.  While I appreciated the crusty-ness of the slice, there was no body or chew to the dough, which is not what I like.  The ratio of cheese and sauce was good, and there was a sprinkle of fresh parm on top.  
I'll be back to try other slices.BANGIN'! 
Got there at 4:45pm and had to wait a spell for them to reopen with fresh pies. Worth it! Bought a pepperoni and (the last) tomato pie slices. Started with the 'roni and started to sweat midway through - wasn't sure how I'd make it through both (don't worry, I did). 
The place is on the same level as Beddia, but totally different atmospheres. Place is very tiny and standing room only inside - all ok. 
Would definitely come back here time and time again.I love pizza Shackamaxon! I've had their slices quite a few times as I used to live right down the street. I'm lactose intolerant and sometimes order tomato pie, and theirs is hearty/chunky/juicy. Overall, awesome go-to pizza spot. Only downside is that they sometimes sell out early.I got here 2 hours before close on a Saturday & they are out of pizza. I hear it's really good but c'mon figure out a system.It brings me with quite disappointment that this Pizza place isn't quite what others have raved about. I was expecting an above 8 pizza. I'm from NYC and now living in Philly and finding a good Pizza place has been a mission. First off the place is very small as others stated so do plan to go. It's priced too high in my opinion. The smell was amazing and it looked very good, and I was hoping the taste would be equally as good. The crust wasn't crispy instead it was soft and flappy. The ends had way to much dough for my liking. The sauce wasn't that great, however their was a good portion of cheese. Overall the taste wasn't as good as I thought it would be. I recently went to Tacconelli's in port Richmond and was very impressed, and had the bar too high up thinking this place would be about the same or better. 
I definitely recommend Tacconelli's pizza first and it's cheaper too. I wouldn't come back here personally. Hope this helpsExcellent pizza!!! I was worried there wouldn't be anywhere decent to get a slice nearby coming from New York. Can't recommend enough.We stopped in after the Fishtown FestivALE around 5pm and were lucky enough to grab the last two slices of pizza (they make a certain number of pies a day and close once they are sold out). The pizza here is thin, fresh out of the oven and was really really good. I will have to give it another try before I call it the best I've had in Philly but it's definitely up there. Store is small but turnover at the tables were quick so we were able to eat there.Pretty darn good. I had to remember to take a photo of my slice before I finished crushing it... I got today's special (mozz, jalapeños, onion) and it's amazing. You can tell by the quality of the crust and the cheese that these guys know how to make a good pizza. I'm almost tempted to get a second slice but the first one was so gigantic I don't think o can eat two. Nice work, Pizza Shakamazing.Good pizza! Fresh and the ingredients are tasty! Try the special! Closed from 4-5 pm!Good neighborhood pizza, not great, it's better than Pizzeria Beddia in my opinion. It's a small place. Don't expect to go there and sit down to eat. Standing room only. Not worth going out of your way to eat.My best friend and i have been non-stop raving about the pizza for a week. We split a slice each of: tomato pie, white special pie and pepperoni and they were all fantastic. There are very few slice shops like this in the city and it met all of our expectations. I'd go back again and again...and again. Do not miss a chance to get a slice from Pizza Shackamaxon if you're in Fishtown/NoLibs.The best in philly and it's not close, the white (special usually) is the best white I've ever had and the red is very close behind. The only prob for me is the pieces are so big I can't do both so I have to always choose between the 2, white (special) usually winsPizza is so thin, the crust is so crispy. They sell by the slice. It is heated up for your order. You can buy tomato pie too in slice or as a whole. The tomato pie has thicker dough. You will be asked with crust or no crust. With crust means you get the corners. Definitely get this, so crispy. Tomato sauce is very fresh. 
Service is great and friendly.Great pizza, but the guys would not make a whole pizza for us? Forced to buy slices, Richard move, given it was not busy. Go for a slice I guess?