Ordered pizza last night and stayed up late waiting for it after several promises from the restaurant that it was on its way. The pizza was never delivered and my credit card still got charged!Horrible experience! I was looking forward to trying the pizza after my friends recommended It. We went into the shop and asked them what slices they have and they said " I don't have time to tell you hun" I then grabbed a menu and they said you won't find the slices on a slices on there. We  then left. we understand It was a busy time due to pride but the respect was 0.Highly recommend this pizzeria!  My job requires me to be in the center city area every Sunday so I've decided to make this my new lunch spot every Sunday. They consistently provide awesome food & great service!Ordered a pizza at 1:50am and it didn't come into literally (no exaggeration) 4am. I delivered pizza for 6 years so I know it gets crazy sometimes but 3 hours? The estimated time was 45-60 minutes. 
I called the store 4 times. On the first call, I talked to a woman who told me the pizza was going out the door. This was 2:45am. A half hour later I called back and was put on hold, but eventually was told that it was indeed on its way. It still took an hour. 
This pizza restaurant is .6 miles away. Idk why I didn't just walk but I'm never ordering here again.Ive been looking for my go to pizza place and I have finally found my new favorite spot in the city! Great and innovative pies, and a super friendly staff.Got my pizza 75 minutes after I ordered it. Ordered a drink and it didn't come with it. Also the pizza felt like it had been cooked over an hour ago. Horrible...Wow. 1st time trying them and we had it delivered. We did the Primavera Pizza with white not red. Delish! Amazing. Crust is perfect. Copious amounts of ricotta on top and all the ingredients were fresh. 
Only thing that might have been negative is that the delivery took a little over an hour, but tonight was the 1st snow of the season and it was delivered by BIKE! I think I'm going to cut the guy some slack on this one. Besides, he had the forethought to double pack the pizza so it was actually still warm when it arrived. HIGHLY RECOMMEND this place!AHHH-MAZING! I've only been here twice and got the mac n cheese pizza both times. Legit all you need in your life. Yes, that's carb overload and yes, it'll probably clog your arteries but you're in a pizza place so you're guaranteed to clog your arteries with fat and carbs. 
Anywho, GET THE MAC N CHEESE SLICE. They go fast but fear not, this joint knows what's up and always has fresh pies of the ooey gooey goodness coming out of the oven!
Make sure to add all the spices on it!! Can't wait to return next time I'm in Philly.Web site and email said 45 minute delivery... Called at 60 minutes and asked how much longer, was told it would be there "momentarily." Finally arrived at 83 minutes. Pizza was cold, and wings were the wrong flavor. I do not recommend.The pizza is delicious!  My partner had a sausage pizza that was unbelievable.  The macaroni pizza was to die for.  Every time we come to Philly we'll be back for more.I love their pizza here- and the friendly singing and dancing staff makes it even better!
Thank you for keeping the product the same after the recent ownership/name change; it's a really hard to beat pizza in the neighborhood. I've tried many pizzas in Philadelphia and this one has not only fantastic cheese, sauce, and bread - it also has some really gourmet slices that are sure to excite. They deliver, and stay open super late.If I could give 0 stars, I would. They took an hour and 20 minutes to deliver after saying it would take 40 minutes. We called after 50 minutes of waiting to get a status update, they said it would be there in 10 minutes. It wasn't. We called 10 minutes after that, and they said the delivery man had just left. 10 minutes later he arrived. Pizza place was less than a half mile from the hotel I was staying at, but it was still cold when it arrived. The delivery man dropped our sodas(or lost them) and expected me to have a pen to sign the receipt. It might have been the fact that the pizzas were cold when we opened the box, but they didn't taste very good either.The stars were earned by the awesome customer service and the pizza (size, price, and taste). We walked in expecting to wait a while, and based on some of the reviews I was a little apprehensive. All of that melted away when we were immediately greeted by a smiling young gentleman. He took our order, and asked us how we were enjoying the city so far. The guys were joking around and laughing (all things I don't mind because this implies that the work atmosphere is cohesive- which often leads to better service and product). The pizza was made and out of the oven in about ten to fifteen minutes. Delicious! Thank you Cappeli for an enjoyable end to our first night in Philly (Thursday 12/29).Open late until 4am. They have no minimum on credit card which is pretty sweet. The pizza is crunchy and has a good amount of cheese, a little bit less sauce than some other places. Solid service, and great spot to grab a late night snack. Many different options for toppings on slices. I really like their meat lovers pizza with sausage, bacon, and pepperoni.We stayed at the hotel Warwick and wanted pizza late night. It's nice that this place was open late and it was so close to the hotel.
That said, the delivery took over an hour from when we called... And we got the pizza it was under cooked and soggy.  There was hardly any toppings.  I know it's menial but if you're looking for good pizza and don't know where to go, I wouldn't go here.
Not worth the price or the time it takes to make and deliver the pizza.Meat Lovers Pizza was awesome! I also loved the Philly feel with Whiz on top of the pizza!Ordered pizza 2 hours ago, called 3 times and spoke with the same woman. Each time she had a different story for me, ranging from having the wrong name of the order to not having my phone number and also not having the drivers phone number. I received a call 2 hours later, saying that they had to remake the pizza and resend it because the first order was sent back. They didn't even try to call me!!!!!! If I could give this place 0 stars, I would. On top of that, after cancelling my order and asking refund it, the guy said he couldn't do it through my debit card. Unbelievable.Once I saw the sign, I was sold 
The gentleman was super friendly and so many different selections of sauce and toppings to choose from!!Enjoying the Mob twist on a good classic. Welcome Back into my Lyfe Gay Pee!!!Delicious pizza , and worked with me through dysfunctional yelp app. Great customer service- Cappelli's has really good pizza (I recommend meat lovers or Hawaiian) and easy location.Awesome late night pizza. Delivery fast & hot... 4am delivery doesnt get better than that in philly.Best pizza in the city. Gotta try all of the slices (esp Mac n cheese and Philly cheesesteak)Wow.  I used to like homo hut but I LOVE it as Pizzeria Cappelli. The Cappelli bros really know what they're doing and the pizza is simply delicious. I could eat here every day. And I consider myself a bit of a pizza snob. So you can trust me.  Pizzeria Cappelli will not disappoint.Late night pizza until 4am!! What more could you ask for! I got tomato pie and the sauce was so tasty and it had pieces of basil on it as well! Bomb dot com! It also only took about 45 minutes which is great!Exceptional delivery and quality of food... at any hour! It's especially awesome that they're open late!!Genuinely the worst pizza place I have eaten at this year. Honest opinion: pick up anything else ahead of this slop.Delivered complete wrong order. And 1 of the boxes was completely crushed and destroyed the pizza inside. No response to my calls and emasils.TERRIBLE EXPERIENCE! The staff person on the phone taking my order at the downtown location (said his name was Dan) was TOTALLY RUDE!!! He placed me on hold 3 times, cut me off while ordering several times, and apparently hates his job because the customer service was non-existent. I'm visiting the area for a international convention in the downtown area and I would not RECOMMEND! I can't get past poor service, I refuse to pay for that!!! There's a wonderful place called Reding Market in the downtown area that has multiple food vendors providing an array of food options! I would highly recommmend and would have gone there a 5th day in a row but they close around 8pm so I had to try another option. I'd rather have fast food than order from a place that doesnt value their customers! This place deserves 0 stars!Ordered delivery. Took an hour and 45 minutes and after calling, the woman who answered the phone was extremely rude and probably shouldn't have a job in which she interacts with other humans. Pizza sucked. Don't waste your timeWe are originally from BKLYN NY  the Pizza capital of the USA but our current home is VA love the place but they have crappy pizza. We stumbled upon this little jewel of a place. Not much fan fare but the folks were nice and place clean. Once we ordered our " standard  slice" and as i folded my slice to eat it the crust cracked, I knew we found a good slice of pizza !!!  Any Hoo we are in PA for the weekend, I can't wait to get my next slice.
Thank you..Sent me an undercooked pizza with undercooked pepperoni and thought I wasn't serious when I asked what temp I should put my oven on to heat up.One of the 3 best Pizzzas I've ever had in my life. New York style, thin crust. Delicious. Friendly staff and lots of late light 'characters' hanging out. Standard Pizza toppings but also some non standard ones like Chicken Ranch, Mac and Cheese Pizza and Philly Cheesesteak Pizza! All are absolutely delicious!
Great late night as they're open till 4am.The guy who answered my delivery order at 7:42 on January 2, 2017 was snippy and condescending during the call.  He said between 9 and 10p the special price was any large for 10 bucks.  I asked would you like me to call back at 9??  He responded you can order it now.  I said does that mean I get the 9 dollar price.  He said "I just said that didn't I???"  I hung up vey insulted.   Clearly, he needs to recognize customer service is a part of taking delivery orders.Stopped in here on St. Patrick's Day for a quick bite to eat and I am so happy I did! I got there at the perfect time because they just pulled out a big pan of macaroni pizza...and it was delicious! It made me wish I got another slice of the macaroni pizza. I also ordered a meat lovers slice which was also very good. It was topped with pepperoni and sausage. I will definitely be back to try some other delicious slices!Called the restaurant to check on my delivery since it was 20 minutes late. The woman on the phone explains that they were already at my location to deliver and I must have missed the calls and that she won't redeliver. Not a single missed call. Never order from here if you're paying with a card or they'll make sure you "miss" their phone call too.The pizza was cooked to perfection. Went in on a drunk night last night, no line of course but in under five min my pizza was hot and ready and the staff was funny and amazing!! I highly recommend this spot after a night of exploring Philly.This place was great to stumble up on.  Great after bar food. Got our pizza slices to go.  I got the Philly cheese steak pizza which was delicious.  I also got the pepperoni and sausage, which I ended up eating the following morning.  Lots of pizza per slice at a great price.  Great location and great service.From Jersey and happy to have Good NY style pizza. We had cheesesteak and Mac and cheese pizza. Both were excellent! It was raining and we had to walk to the pizzamaker even gave us a bag to put the boxes in which was super nice and super came in handy.Very good pizza! We ordered delivery to our hotel last night and it arrived at around 1 AM. I cannot tell you how delicious pizza is even more delicious at that time of day. The slices are large, wide, and thin. Great NY style pizza!Pizza at 3am will get eaten. Pizza from Cappelli at 3am?  Get. Your. Own. This is mine!
Seriously - stayed overnight in hotel and if this is not the best pizza I've eaten in CC and I worked here for 10+yrsWaited 2 hours and pizza did not show up. Tried calling restaurant many times and phone kept ringing busy. No notification that it would be late. Not able to reach them for a refund.Not just great late night pizza but great anytime pizza. Super friendly staff also. You can actually order food from the cigar shop next door and they will bring it over while enjoying a drink or smoke. Highly recommended!Great new pizza spot. Finally can get some decent food after the bars close. Went there around 3am and still was able to get a fresh hot pizza.$16 for two slices of pizza and 20oz diet coke. Highway robbery. The pizza was good. Looked at my bank statement this morning and couldn't believe they charged that much. Went there instead of ihop. Could have had a full meal and waited on for the same price.  Would never go back.After a long night out this is apparently the hotspot for people in the area. The moment you walk in you are greeted by delicious smells of pizza. This place has anything and everything you can imagine being thrown on pizza: sausage, pineapple, pepperoni, Mac and cheese, chicken, pesto, potatoes, etc etc.  Service is as good as it can be. I have been twice now and both times it has been overflowing and crowded with people so you get your pizza after a little bit of time. But hey, a little waiting never hurt nobody right?Very good, but the only downside is they open at 4pm. I will wait because the pizza is that good but my stomach is not happy. The pizza is highly recommended.Amazing pizza! Chicken bacon ranch was my favorite! Super nice staff! 10/10 recommendI did not know my brain could produce the endorphins that resulted from the Mac & Cheese Pizza. My life will never be the same! Ceasar salad was fresh. Yelp order and delivery were seemless. Stopped in late the other night and got a vegetarian slice. The crust is interestingly basic but tasty in a way that supports the quality of the toppings without stealing the bite and filling you up. Pizza is usually last on my list but this place...I'm a fan! Excited to try more flavors.Best pizza ever! Crust was thin and crispy! Amazing variety of toppings. Delivery was on time! Will definitely order again.Solid pizza joint! Glad I tried it. Not only was it open during snowpocolypse, it was only a 15 minute wait for pickup. We ordered a lot of toppings, and they were very artfully and evenly distributed (for real: it was art). The people in the shop were super nice and very appreciative of our business. I'll definitely be back!Those wings tho!  and they deliver late.  Can I get an Amen?!I ordered food at 12:45 AM through Grubhub with an estimated delivery time of 1 hour. My confirmation email then said estimated delivery time would be TWO hours. They did not show up, and I woke up to a missed call at 3:30 AM. Never received food, and this place took my money. 
That's called stealing.I needed delivery food that wasn't Chinese or sushi since I ate that last night. I found this pizza place with decent stars. They happily took my order and we're happy to deliver to my hotel. They came within 20 minutes which was all great. The three stars because when I opened my pizza box it was a mess. The pizza was toppled everywhere and tomato sauce everywhere it looked like someone murdered my pizza. It wasn't appetizing to see. I  happy it wasn't too expensive.The worst service I ever had. For some reason my order was hilarious and in the end they gave me the wrong order.Love the pizza! Staff was very friendly as well! My only issue is holy shit it's expensive! They said it was "tax" but our bill practically doubled and I forgot the receipt so I can't actually say  but overall their pizza is pretty good. And their garlic honey chicken pizza is bomb af!I ordered delivery late last night (probably around 1:00 AM) from PIzzeria Cappelli. I was experimenting for good late night food because not much is open for delivery in Philadelphia after midnight. After reading other reviews (5 stars), I had high expectations. Delivery from this joint is NOT the same as eating in. It took an hour to get my order. The food arrived cold. I received the wrong pizza. The delivery guy came back knocking on my door at 3:00 AM to deliver the right pizza. While I appreciate the gesture of giving me the right pizza, come on, it is 3:00 AM and you are knocking on my door in a city. Suffice to say I answered the door ready for combat. Nonetheless, the food was still good. BEWARE OF DELIVERY.Best Darn Pizza in the center city section of the city of brotherly Love! Come on in and Enjoy the delites of Flavors.Great veggie pizza, huge globs of ricotta and an excellent crunch to the crust! Delivery was fast, I order around 2 am on Saturday and I got the pie in an hour. Plus the pie was still hot when I got it, which is always a big plus in my book.AMAZING pizza!! Visiting from out of town and had walked by the pizzeria late last night. It smelled amazing, so, we ordered delivery today since it was raining. Pizzeria Cappelli did not disappoint. We had the Four Cheese with Mushroom and a plain with half pepperoni. Loved it all!! This place is a keeper.Such a great variety, my favorite is the sausage by far. Service is great when you order slices in shop, and the late night delivery is always quick. Great football pizza.They sent an amazing updated pizza that was so delicious looking we didn't get a chance to take a new pic. We were surprised as we didn't ask for anything or a new pizza, and they still made it right. I respect this place and shows the integrity of the chef. 
Sent me an undercooked pizza with undercooked pepperoni and thought I wasn't serious when I asked what temp I should put my oven on to heat up.We ordered the large thick crust square pizza. Granted, we are from Detroit and that's Detroit-style, so we should've lowered our expectations. But this pizza was weird. It was barely warm when it got to us (really quickly, so that was good) and not browned or melty at all, which makes me think it was hardly cooked. The toppings were essentially raw, and it was flavorless and rubbery (the crust in particular is very dense and has absolutely no flavor). Now we have this big $35 pizza that we barely want, or will have to doctor up a bunch to make edible.This is the best pizza in town. Everyone says they have their own style but Cappelli is the best. It's in the crust. The dough is such high quality, two days later and it still tastes fresh out the oven.12/27/18 Delicious food delivered promptly. The staff member who picked up the phone was initially hesitant about a 50/50 pizza, but luckily someone in the background assured her that it's an optionIt's definitely an after-club place to go to. It stays open until 4 am so people can get pizza after getting wasted. The pizza there is so good (not sure because I was drunk), but they have all kinds of pizza! I do not like its delivery though, it tasted different comparing to buy them at the store.Had a slice of their cheesesteak pizza.  It was wonderful and good sized slices.    Will patronize!  Definite visit.Stays open till 4 so it's great in my respect. Late night slice was great. Had a plane slice. 
.
.
.
. 
. 
.Hard to find good pizza in Center City so I didn't expect much. THIS IS THE BEST PIZZA IN PHILADELPHIA!! So many options too. Highly recommend.I ordered pizza late night on a Saturday.  The food arrived very late.  I called at one point and they said over the phone that the delivery person was ready to leave with the order.  45 minutes later I was still WAITING for the food and they no longer answered the phone as it was 3:45 am.  The pizza was order before 2:30am.  Which for a locarion that is open until 4, you would think they could handle such an order.
It was clear that it is run by young people that don't care about service or your happiness despite handing over almost $50.Literally best pizza in the city and have been going here for years HOWEVER that new bouncer is the worst human I have ever had the displeasure of interacting with in my entire life. I have never been so disrespected in my entire life. He is a misogynistic homophobic power hungry man. I am so sad that they have let this man be the first face you see. I will no longer be going here while he is employed, which makes me sad since I love their pizza and have never had any issue.Pizza is delicious! I usually walk by everyday coming from work. Staff is very friendly and the place is open late. Definitely a good place get pizza.i am a big pizza fan. when i ordered pi./ from pizzeria capelin i thought i'd get buffalo chicken on my buffalo chicken pizza but it was not pizza it was crackers topped with not even cheese, just hot sauce. cancelled.Literally the worst Sicilian pie I've ever had. The crust was tasteless and the cheese slide off in one big piece. I know Philly doesn't do pizza as well as Jersey but you should be embarrassed how bad it was. I actually threw almost all of it out.Fantastic pizza. Definitely worth checking out. Fast delivery. Exceptional customer service! Will be back.Gimmicky? You bet, even despite the newish management. Do you need a slice at 3 in the morning? It'll do, but this isn't the best pizza around.
I got their mac and cheese pizza because it looked amazing. Despite its looks, the taste was very average. Actually, it was below average. The slice was overwhelmingly dry and lacked any substantial cheese.  The crust was doughy but just not pleasant to chew through and seemed a bit rubbery. Not to mention five dollars for a slice isn't a great deal.
Honestly I would not go out of my way to come here again, but if I was inebriated and in the area then a slice of their pizza can't hurt an empty stomach. Just don't expect some sort of greatness from this pizza shop.Idk what's with all the bad reviews? We ordered through Uber eats late as hell on a Monday night I believe around 12:30am-1. If you're having issues with their delivery time maybe try doing Uber eats because we got our pizza in less than 30 minutes and it was hot when we received it. 
Onto the pizza, I read the good reviews before ordering and saw that the buffalo chicken pizza was the best in a 75 mile radius. I am the pickiest buff chick pizza eater in the world because there is always way too much of one thing and not enough of the other. Not here. First of all, to do their pizza with ranch instead of blue cheese was already a way into my heart and then add the fact that it was equal parts buffalo, ranch, pizza, and cheese. It was to die for. My boyfriend and I got one pizza. I'm usually a 2 slice kinda gal - I ate 3 - and he ate the rest in one sitting even after me telling him to save a slice for me to eat in the AM. 
I'm craving this pizza already. I live 2.5 hours south so I can't have it but seriously if you live close, just moved to the area, or are just visiting like we were get this pizza!! It's worth every penny including the Uber eats delivery fee.WORST pasta I've ever had. Ordered the penne vodka, the sauce was as liquid as water and tasted equally as plain. I was having a bad day and this tipped me to the point of actually crying. I had added chicken and the chicken was actually inedible. I also ordered the cheesy bread which tasted like straight chemicals one bite and I had to throw the entire thing out. This is the first yelp review I've ever left, that's how bad my experience was. DO NOT EAT HERE I should've known that any place open until 3 am would be trash but I was hungry. Still in genuine shock they thought this was okay to serve to people...After being a repeat customer for years, for the 3rd time in a row no cheese or peppers with delivery.  Additionally pizza was stone cold hard and cheese cooagulated.  The restaurant's response was (I am copy and pasting) "the address was a little too far and also they were pretty backed up with quite a few orders and that is why the food was late. Unfortunately they were not really able to offer any sort of discount for the food."Awful. Generous toppings but the pizza didn't spend nearly enough time in the oven. The pizza was severely undercooked. Is it just how pizza is done in Philadelphia?Horrible. Ordered from our hotel. Took almost "2" HOURS for our food to arrive!!! 1 hr 40 minutes to be exact. The pizza was cold (surprise) & so bad. Like bad doughy school carnival bad. The wings were fatty & tasteless. Ordered 2 orders & threw them away. The oil fryer was broken -? So they didn't have fries, onion rings or anything like that as an option. 
They deliver late night so it's tempting but ps so does Domino's & the people that ordered from there were eating way before we were !!