for some reason i always expect this place to be bad because i live nearby and it just seems so obvious.  however, i have had three great experiences here and i don't think you should write it off as just another restaurant in old city.  
their gnocchi was perfect, the pizza is delish, and their sandwiches are impressive.  oh, and the salads are good too.  if you don't want a lot of olive oil on something, specify because they do load up on it in everything.
i need to remember to go here more often.After walking past this place for the last few years, I finally got to try it last Friday night. We were immediately greated by friendly service and promptly seated.
We split the artichoke heart appâtiez, which was the best part of the meal. The artichoke hearts were tender, the zucchini fries were light and not doughy, and the spicy cream was a nice counterpoint to the more savory flavors.
My friend and I split the Mediterranean White pizza, which was very disappointing. The crust was tasty, but the rest of the pizza was pretty lackluster. It seemed as if the crust was baked separately, then the sauteed spinach, garlic, mushrooms, and cheeses were added after the fact. I'm not sure if the blend of cheese was off, or the flavors just didn't come together that well - but it was disappointing. Calling it a white pizza was a stretch by almost any capacity, except for the fact that there was no red, tomato-based sauce.
I think i'd like to come back and try either another pizza or one of the pasta dishes, but my first impression was very mediocre.
The service was friendly, but kind of slow and sporadic. Granted, it was a busy friday night, but being right near the kitchen, bar, and wait stations made for a somewhat disruptive eating experience.Sat night out wit my Pops and my Cousin.. we didn't want to fancy or that expensive. Awesome service she didn't rush us. Drinks were great and the food to die for we had grilled veggies, So tasty then we had the shrimp and veggie egg rolls also very tasty not greasy... Then we had the grilled chicken pizza Fabulous.. the sauce was light and flavorful! def going back there...Loved the food and service here, will totally come again when I'm in town.This is what I ordered @ pizzita  SORRY TO SAY BOTH BOMBED: lemonade & lasagne. Why??? The lemonade was almost tasteless as was the lasagne which DID NOT SEEM/taste/whatever HOMEMADE - contrary to what my twenty somethingwaitress noted about it upon her presenting it. Of course, if you like your lasagne SWIMMING IN WATERY SAUCE, ricotta cheese & mozzarella (that what latterwas????) get itThis is what I ordered @ pizzita  SORRY TO SAY BOTH STUNK: lemonade & lasagne. Why??? The lemonade was almost tasteless as was the lasagne which DID NOT SEEM/taste HOMEMADE - contrary to what my twenty somethingwaitress noted about it upon her presenting it. Of course, if you like your lasagne SWIMMING IN WATERY SAUCE, ricotta cheese & mozzarella (that what latterwas????) get itMy boyfriend and came to Pizzicato several weeks ago on a Saturday night. It was busy but we only had to wait a few minutes for a table. Unfortunately, we were seated in a very small table in the back, next to the bathroom. There was an awful lot of traffic to the point of distraction. My boyfriend did go back up to ask the hostess if we could change tables, however he was rudely ignored. We had to wait about 20 minutes before anyone approached us for drinks or even water. I cannot remember which drink I ordered, but it doesnt matter because I only tasted vodka.  We ordered the calamari for an appetizer which was delicious! Unfortunately,I think we got the end of it since there was only about 10 pieces on the plate! Dinner was subpar. 
Nothing to rave about. Also, I found the wait staff to be rude and dismissive. Definitely will not be recommending Pizzicato to my friends.We sat outside for a drink (4 adults & 2 kids) and had super service. We decided to go in for dinner and we were all pleased with our decision. We tried several pizzas, lasagna, the pork chop and the arugula salad (loved!) and pizzicato did not disappoint. If we are ever in Philly again, we would not hesitate to return.These guys are great! I transfer buses at their corner. After a bad day and in need of good food- this place is it. The calamari is awesome, the fries are decadent and the pizzas and pastas are excellent. They service is excellent - even when you look like a drowned rat! My soup and pizza last night was just what I needed on a cold and rainy night!Great sausage and fennel pizza, fast and courteous service.  I think the dining room was undergoing some sort of renovation when we were there but it didn't interfere with a great meal.Please please please do not come here. The place looks contemporary and nice, but the food is awful! We tried the crab and avocado nest, fettuccine bolongnese and the 4 cheese ravioli. Don't be deceived by the aesthetically pleasing food. The "nest" was hard and tasted stale, the pasta was so bland and had very little meat. The food took forever to come out and it was so expensive. Since it's located on a main street in downtown Philly, I would suggest you spend your money elsewhere!3 and a half stars. This place isn't as terrible as one may suspect it is. We stumbled upon this place after we had to cancel our reservation at another spot because they had closed up their outdoor seating and we had a puppy with us. So I was happy that Pizzacato still had their chairs outside. The waitress was nice, the food was decent with a happy shoutout to the special soup they had-- butternut squash delicious. This place does us all a solid. It's weird, but I never would make a special trip out to here. I think that there are cuter more intimate neighborhoods to grab some decent pizza/italian food rather than the corner of Market Street in old city. In my clubbing days, this would be a clutch spot. In my "my feet hurt" days, this is a once in a while.Mediocre food and indifferent service.  What's not to avoid?  No bread, no "how's the food,"  not even a smile.Service was great, easy sitting but food was mediocre. The best comparison is olive garden with slightly higher prices. The best part of my dinner was the walnut cranberry salad with the lavender vinaigrette and now that's what I'm going to try to easily make at home.I stopped in with a friend this evening, a Saturday, after volunteering at a nearby historic site fund raiser all day. Service was totally apathetic. I was brought a beer without a glass, my companion was brought her salad without any offer of pepper (there was neither salt nor pepper on the table, but there was a big pepper mill a few steps away on the bar). The calamari appetizer was tender, but amazingly bland, and drizzled with a balsamic sauce and a few cold, marinated mushroom strips that just didn't work with the squid. My eggplant pizza was also strangely bland and was also dotted with the same mushroom strips that were on the calamari. I'd had some very nice outdoor lunches there in the summer, but this was the WRONG choice for dinner.Who had the last laugh John. You should have called John Tafered when your ship was sinking but 15 years paying no taxes will do that to ya. You even owned the building the 1st restaurant was in! Then you sold your 3rd restaurant, no abandoned because you broke a lease and never paid your do, then sold all equipment away owing US FOODS $290,000.00 so you had to buy fresh by cash. Well with duel citizenship you probably fled to Italy. You had a great chef then once the Mexicans could do it you fired him? That's weird. Your server then girlfriend then manager made pizzicato what it was. You weren't and when you did at the end just like your heading in the news "threw your hands up" didn't care about your workers, cooks oh and the nasty practice of seducing women workers/ or drunk to your upstairs whore house was disgusting. I never respected you and ps I used your computer so is the IRS wants servers back pay at least when I worked, you don't have ss#. The others yea but I had a good manager. Happy chapter 11 even tho I know you took all cash and put into a secret bank, cape may bank. I'd stand before a judge to put you away. Your scum the lowest of low. I curse you and all bad fortune. Have a good day (would say Sr) but you fail that scum.Went to Pizzicato with a friend from work yesterday. Friend ordered mushroom pizza which he said was great-- it was thin-crusted, bigger than a personal pan, and he wolfed it down. I ordered the crab and avocado nest which also had mango, cucumber and crispy noodles-- I know weird- right? But it was great! And enough lump crabmeat to sustain my protein level all afternoon. (photo of it below!)
We DID get bread and dipping oil which is very similar to LaScala's (7th and Chestnut) and the server was super nice. We were in a big, big rush to get back to office, and she had that happen. She was also doubling as bartender, which was a little annoying because she was chatting it up with the other servers, just like Allison said her server was-- but because our table was right next to the bar, we easily got her attention.. A little pricey, but was a relaxing place to have lunch.  Won't rush back, but won't hesitate to try it again either.A friend and I were walking through Olde City and stumbled upon Pizzicato. Having harbored an unfulfilled pizza craving for a few days, I was pretty excited to come across this. We ordered the mushroom, spinach, garlic and goat cheese pizza and the margherita pizza. Can't say anything about their other menu items, but the pizzas were delicious!We've walked past PIzzicato dozens of times living in Old City. I assumed that it was a decent restaurant based on the consistent number of diners, and finally decided to try it out with family visiting the area. Unfortunately, Pizzicato seemed like a bad episode of Kitchen Nightmares, falling victim to under-seasoned food and laziness in the kitchen.
The restaurant was moderately busy both inside and out--typical for a weekend in Philadelphia. We took a table outside, ordered drinks (two of us had the homemade Sangria, which tasted like it might have been watered down sitting in ice all night), and ordered entrees: the strip steak special with prosciutto and mozzarella, mussels with a wedge salad, and spinach and ricotta pizza with a side of pesto risotto.
The mussels and wedge salad were adequate--nothing noteworthy here.
The strip steak was obviously a cheap cut. Not worth the $24 price tag (there was a large amount of fat on the steak) and it was cooked well under for medium. The sauce itself was good and flavorful.
The pizza came out uncooked. The center of the pie was completely raw. I asked to have it refired and the chef made another pizza, giving the excuse that the pizza had too much ricotta and waited too long to come out to the table. The second pizza was essentially just crust, now lacking toppings. Apparently you can either have your pizza cooked, or with the toppings you request. Since I was already the last one eating at the table, I ate my bread pizza begrudgingly. The kicker was that it was completely unseasoned, lacking any kind of flavor other than crust. I put all my faith in the risotto--a favorite of mine dish. Time for redemption.
The risotto itself was cooked well, but again, lacked any kind of flavor. No seasoning at all--completely bland. If you don't want to put salt and pepper on the table, then make sure you season the food.
Second strike. Time for dessert.
The creme brûlée and chocolate mousse were both good. The carrot cake, which came highly recommended by not just one, but two servers, was bland. The cake itself was dry and lacking any significant flavor. It's hard to make a cream cheese frosting that isn't great, but somehow managed it. For the love of god, please buy this kitchen a spice rack!
The only positive was our server, Natalie, who was friendly and accommodating--almost like she knew that there would be issues in the kitchen and complaints were common. Maybe it was just a bad night. She did forget to place the order initially for the risotto, but I blame the management for not allowing servers to write down orders (... seriously?). Another server who recommended the dry, tasteless carrot cake said we should come back another night, blaming it on someone new who came in to do the baking.
Will we go back? Probably not. You can walk a block and get a better steak, better pizza, or better pasta at a dozen places in Old City. Pizzicato will most likely continue to thrive simply because it's ideally placed for tourists walking down Market St. For those of us living in the area, I recommend going someplace else.Man, my boyfriend and I had such a great date here last weekend!  The waiter was very attentive.  We had the cheese plate (the greatest!).  He had a salad that looked great and he devoured it of course.  I had some sort of pasta and he had lasagna.  Twas totally yummy.
Funny, cuz I was expecting an overpriced pizza place, instead much to my surprise I discovered a great Italian spot!Came here today with my family and everything was sort of okay nothing really stood up to me. Had a plain pizza, the calamari in manhattan, bruschetta and my other half had a chicken panini. I took a bite out of everything having been my first time there and it was pretty bland! The waitress was very nice and attended all our needs,  even exchanged a dirty fork for us right away and was very apologetic. Will give it a second chance and see if it was maybe just what we ordered!Pizzicato is one of those places that I walked past all the time, made half-hearted mental notes to try sometime (outdoor seating, pizza, etc.), but expected would ultimately underwhelm me.  I was proven mostly right last night.
My associate and I ventured out on a whim after skies had finally cleared on a stormy, late-summer Sunday.  When we arrived at 8-ish, the place was pretty empty, and we grabbed some comfortable outdoor seats.  The minimal pedestrian and street traffic on said rainy Sunday was awesome.  I think busier times  might bring too much bustle to the outdoor seating.  
Husband and I arranged to split a wedge salad, followed by a margherita pizza for him and a spinach-ricotta pizza for me.  The salad was the shining star of our night.  It was outstanding with crisp lettuce, heirloom tomatoes, generous pancetta and gorgonzola crumbles, and a flavorful white balsamic dressing.  The only downside of this salad was that it elevated our expectations for the rest of the food.
The margherita pizza arrived as advertised with tomato sauce, cheese and basil.  The crust was dry on the outside, sloppy wet under the toppings, and the whole thing was pretty bland.  The spinach-ricotta pizza was described as having spinach, ricotta, tomatoes and garlic.  The pizza I received had spinach, ricotta, tomatoes and LOTS of eggplant, one of the only veggies I hate.  Sadly, I did not immediately notice the eggplant , or I would have taken action sooner.  Our waitress did not check on us until my husband was almost done with his pizza (he kindly shared with me), so the thing just sat there.  When she did check in, I explained the unexpected eggplant and she realized that she had brought me the eggplant pizza.  I opted to just have it taken off the bill rather than wait for a replacement, since I had been so underwhelmed by the margherita, and the little bit of eggplant-free area of my pizza that I sampled.  Our waitress was, at least, nice and apologetic.
To summarize:
Of the three food items we ordered, we experienced excellent (the salad), edible (the margherita pizza), and unpleasant (the spinach-ricotta turned eggplant pizza).  The service was passable - friendly, but inattentive and incorrect.  The ambiance (outdoors on a quiet night) was nice.  The wine and beer prices were a touch on the high side, but had decent selections.  All tolled, it would take a special set of circumstances to talk me into a return trip to PIzzicato.  If it happened, I would probably get another wedge salad.The staff, food, ambiance and location are all equally amazing. A great place to relax and eat great foodUsually I don't take notice of how a meal is plated/presented unless great care has gone into it, or extreme sloppiness.   Unfortunately for Pizzicato, the presentation was a disaster.  My gf got the special ravioli, which was fairly tasty but slopped onto the plate in a most unappetizing way.  I got the orange chicken salad, which was not bad, but some of the lettuce looked wilted and it was really really heavy on the mandarin orange, which I was not crazy about.
The house pinot grigio that we had was mediocre and not quite as chilled as I would have liked.
Otherwise, it was fine.  The service was good, however we overheard two tables near us complain about their waiting times.  I might give this place another try, but I was not at all impressed.walked in on a whim w/ friends after spending what felt like the hottest day EVAR in Philly sightseeing.  Cold drinks, good food, AND GREAT SERVICE!  The servers and bartenders (we sat at the bar for a bit) were outstanding, and gave us tourists some great ideas and pointers.One of my favorite old city spots. The calamari is ridiculous.I was looking for something a little more special than cheesesteaks for lunch when we stumbled onto Pizzicato. Outside seating was nice, it's always fun to people watch in Philly. I ordered the Pear And Walnut Salad with baby greens, crispy pancetta, dried cranberries, and gorgonzola in honey lavender dressing. The waiter suggested shrimp on top - they were marinated in something yummy and grilled to perfection. The dressing was really unique. I loved the combination. The staff was friendly and attentive without being overbearing. I would love to go back for dinner.Here's what I ordered @ pizzita: a lemonade & lasagne. SORRY TO SAY BOTH BOMBED. Why??? The lemonade was almost tasteless as was the lasagne which DID NOT SEEM/taste/whatever HOMEMADE - contrary to what the young waitress noted about it upon her presenting it to me.  Of course, if you like your lasagne SWIMMING IN WATERY SAUCE, ricotta cheese & mozzarella (is that what that was????) then go ahead order it
This restaurant is NO MORE!Had dinner here for the first time the past Sunday! Pizzicato is a bistro feel italian restaurant right on the corner of 3rd. 
It was a bit cold outside so I started out with Tea. The kind waitor pulled opened a box with a full assortments of tea for me to choose. I picked the orange spice mandarin! First sip reminded me of October.
I ordered the Whole Wheat Spaghetti with Pesto sauce,artichoke hearts and plum tomatoes. I didnt like whole wheat pasta so the kind waitor suggested getting fetticini noodles instead.
The pesto sauce was light and tomatoes and artichokes were super fresh and riped! YUMMY. I'm not a picky eater but I felt that the fetticini noodles were too wide and the pesto sauce didnt stick to it as well! It was $18 and I'm not complaining! :D
Atmosphere-busy,family. Not good for romantic dates!
Service-our waitor was veryyy attentive and hardworking!This place was a great surprise.  We were in town to visit our son, took a walk, got hungry and showed up here.  We were very happy that we did.
We had the calamari, and it was the best that I've ever had.  It was not battered and deep fried, it had something on it, not like anything that I've ever had, and boy did they set the bar high for the next time I have it.  Just great.  We had two other appetizers, and they were good also, but the calamari I still remember two weeks later.  The Bruscetta was good.
We also enjoyed the wine list, and there was something for everybody.  The Phili street was a great place for this Saturday lunch, and the meal was going great.
We had a new server, and so the veteran server had to help teach her how to open the wine and how to serve it.  It was done well, and with the right amount of humor. 
Our son had a sausage sandwich, my wife had the peppered salmon salad, and homemade pasta with a mushroom sauce.  All of it was very good.
We also had a serving of cannolis to share, and they were excellent.  The filling was made very well, and to be enjoyed.
Would we go back, and this is always the big question.  They answer is, without a doubt, yes.  We would be there without hesitation.   I read a few of these other reviews, and I might not have gone to this place based on them, and so all I can conclude is that they are not consistent, as my experience was very different.
Enjoy!I am truly shocked at some of these reviews - every time I've eaten there, it's been great.  The service is attentive and dignified, and I don't find the prices unreasonable.  Some of the best fresh pizza, soups, and salads in this town and the surrounding areas at good prices - well located next to the Arden Theatre for a perfect pre or post-theatre lunch.  I think some people take something of a negative attitude with them when they go out to eat, and, therefore, always find something to complain about.  I think Pizzicato is awesome and reliable.  Go there - you will not be sorry!My lunch here was like a fresh California meal.  I decided I couldn't down a cheesesteak sandwich after eating bad airport food and a burger the night before, and something about muggy weather had me craving something lighter than steak with cheese.
Had the arugula salad with asparagus, artichokes, and grilled shrimp.  Obviously the artichokes were the marinated jarred kind, not fresh from the fields of Watsonville, CA.  But the salad was SO good, with a light, peppery/lemony dressing.  The shrimp were grilled and seasoned perfectly.  What a nice salad in between a muggy morning of walking around Olde City.
The waiter deserves 5 stars in himself....typical guy from Philly.  Amusement for me.Great white pizza - The cheese on the pizza had a little tartness which made it "magnificent"! The bruschetta was also yummy with lots of tomato topping. 
Sat outside on the sidewalk which was so nice, and there is plenty of outdoor seating here. The wine list is ok...they had a sangria pitcher for like $26.I hope this place appreciates their waitstaff, because having an amazing waitress probably earned them the third star. Our waitress was so attentive and even made my drink herself when I asked for a little bump. The food was overall disappointing, some fun appetizer ideas that didn't quite work.  Bland calamari and an odd crab avacodo "nest" that none of the six of us cared to finish. Dessert was a pleasant surprise with a very good chocolate soufflé.Came here with a large group after a Big Red Pedal Tour.  They were great, everyone loved their food and they were happy to welcome a large group on a Saturday night in Old City, many restaurants can't accommodate large groups.We had been to Pizzacato at least 6 times in a 1 year span. We haven't been back in ages because they took their amazing meatballs off their menu. 
I'm writing now because every time we pass it we can't believe what disarray they've allowed their facade to turn into. Their windows are yellowing and cloudy, their branded over hangs are looking dull and worn out. These are not the signs of a restaurant that wants to attract customers. 
I would come back in a minute if it started looking as good as their food tastes!
Get a facelift.Fresh ingredients that explode with authentic flavor!  Outdoor seating on the hippest corner of old city. A must for a gorgeous day or night. I definitely recommend!!While in Olde City for a class, I was looking for a quick lunch. I was attracted by the name of the restaurant, but upon eating at it deemed it was only alright. It sufficed for lunch, but didn't wow me. I think the dishes combined too many flavors, which made it slightly unappetizing after a while (not that it was bad, just not very scrumptious). I had some type of tuna sandwich and my friend had a vegetarian sandwich. She didn't seem too pleased with it either, but hey, it was still food.
On a lighter note, the restaurant itself had a nice atmosphere, especially outside, and the staff was timely and friendly (they would always be refilling our drinks). I would probably go there again, but only if I had a time constraint and couldn't find anything else (which isn't likely).The ingredients on the menu looked a lot more appetizing than the eventual food. We both got pizzas, the spinach ricotta and the bbq chicken. The pies were a good size for one person, but the crust almost tastes like it was from frozen pizza dough, no flavor, flat, dull. The ingredients don't have anything special about them, and even though mine had garlic on it, and I could see it on there, I couldn't really taste it, which perplexed me. 
I'm not going to say I'd never go back; some of the salads, sandwiches and entrees looked intriguing, but it won't be super high on my list of places to revisit. 
Big tip on the bathrooms: through the door all the way in the back on the left, which is unmarked. Then there are three bathrooms to choose from, one of which is technically in the next restaurant. The bathroom in the middle of the 3 has a lightswitch that is outside of the bathroom on the left. It took me forever to figure out that that was how to turn the light on, and then once I'd figured it out and was inside doing my biznizz, someone else came looking for the bathroom and shut the light off on me. I recommended to our waiter that there be a sign or something indicating what this random light switch is for, and just can't imagine that no one has ever pointed this out to them before. Just not the kind of adventure I'm looking to have when I have to pee =PMy boyfriend and I went to check this place out simply because it is so close to our apartment. The service was so-so. That didn't bother too much though because it was a beautiful day and we were seated outside. The calamari has got to be the worst I have had in the city. It was incredibly overcooked. The pizza was good, not great; decent size for the price. I say skip it and go to LuLu's Pizza Bar right down the street.This is closer to 3.5 stars but not quite 4.  We'll definitely go back for the outdoor seating and dog friendly atmosphere outside.  However, it was a bit overpriced.  While we all loved our dishes,  after a drink each, two apps for 4 people and 4 entrees, the bill came to right around $150.  Just felt steep.We had the pizzas, which were pretty good -- nice portion sized and moderately priced.  The service was good, and the atmosphere was pleasant for a Saturday afternoon in place of a brunch.  The location is probably the best selling point for this place.  I don't know that it really stands out as an original, but the prices and menu make it a decent dining spot.  The funghi pizza was a little heavy on the mushrooms, and I do wish they had more classic pizza options.This story could have had a very different ending, but thanks to a careful manager with good customer service, it ended well.  We were enjoying the pizzas we ordered  when a server mistakenly dumped the olive oil/balsamic we were dipping our bread in on my outfit.  It happens.  I've been a server, and its a devastating mistake, but we're all human.  
I didn't ask to speak to the manager at the time, mainly because I didn't want the server to be further embarrassed - I felt bad for the guy, but I was upset that the stains might not come out of my clothes and in the end, they didn't.  
So I wrote a letter to the manager telling him what had happened and that my clothes were ruined.  Two days later, as soon as he received the letter, he called me personally and told me he was very embarrassed that this had happened, apologized profusely, and he sent me a check to cover the cost of the clothing.  He also invited us back and said we would be well taken care of.  
We will go back and encourage our friends to do the same.  I mean, covering the cost of the clothing - that is truly caring about your customer.  I am impressed with this establishment, and the food was excellent as well!I was visiting Philadelphia on business and decided to eat at Pizzicato  and loved it.  The calamari starter was some of the best I've had  - anywhere.  We also had the Ahi Tuna tartare and it was amazing.  And finished with a pizza and ravioli.  The ambiance was pleasant and the staff was efficient.  I recommend Pizzicato and will definitely return.We had just arrived in Center City after a trip from Northern Virginia and wanted to grab a bite to eat before our Mystery and Mayhem Night Tour.  Wandering the streets, with two picky eater teenagers, we stumbled upon Pizzicato.  Glad we did!!
The service was fantastic.  Our server was new and when we started asking questions about the menu, another server immediately came over to help.  
We got the Truffled Fries  and Caprese Salad to share as apps.  The fries were amazingly good.  Left me wanting more!  They were crispy shoestring fries cooked in a truffle oil and mixed with parmesan cheese.  The Caprese Salad was, just that, as Caprese Salad.  Nothing spectacular but good all the same.
Our entrees included the Fettuccini Bolognese, the Cavatelli, Linguini with clams and the Mediterranean White Pizza.  All were really good!  The only suggestion would be to go a little easier on the red pepper flakes in the linguini, it was a bit hot!  
We would definitely return and suggest to friends.We strolled up to Pizzicato looking for a place to just relax, have a drink, and get something small. It was fairly slow at the time, so we were a bit surprised by how slow our server was. 
I got a mango margarita to start. I'm not normally a fruity drink kinda gal, more the craft beer type with an occasional interest in red wines, but this relaxing afternoon called for something special. I can't say how it compared to other like drinks, but it was far too sweet for me. Liquor was definitely present, but for as small as the drink, was the $10 price was a shocker. It would have been nice if they actually put that on the menu. 
A runner brought out some tasty bread, but nothing to dip it in. Since our server was nowhere to be found, we had to ask another employee for some olive oil. 
My husband got the spicy filet and langoustine salad and loved it, though he switched up the dressing, choosing citrus vinaigrette instead of the menu-listed soy vinaigrette. I got the mixed green salad minus the gorgonzola. Little did I know that the gorgonzola was the only thing that gave the salad flavor. The dressing, a roasted garlic vinaigrette, tasted like nothing more than oil. The menu-listed balsamic onions and roasted red peppers were flavorless. After my husband had nearly finished his salad and mine remained nearly untouched, waiting for the server to return, we finally stopped another server to ask for more dressing. When ours returned with more citrus dressing (assuming it was for my husband), I asked if they had a balsamic vinaigrette dressing, she said yes then brought out plain balsamic vinegar. 
Our table lacked a pepper grinder, so we grabbed the one off the nearest table (since our server never bothered to ask if we needed anything). It didn't actually grind the pepper, just spewing out near whole peppercorns. We borrowed one from the neighbor's table but had the same result. These were crappy pepper mills, the clear plastic kind that stores salt on top (and allowed whole peppercorns out when I attempted to get some salt) and they must be replaced. 
In spite of our experience, I actually might return. Their pastas look pretty good, and I wouldn't mind giving them a try. Salad isn't always the best judge, but it, along with an overpriced, supersweet cocktail and horrible service, certainly was a poor introduction. My husband's salad gives this place its second star.I went for lunch the other day and it was ok.  My husband and I each had a pizza, which were decent.  The service was fast even though they were busy.Extremely disappointed. I went early in September and ordered a panini, sat outside, and had a very enjoyable experience. When I went back only a few months later, in March, I ordered bruschetta and the same panini. The bruschetta was extremely hard and almost difficult to eat, while the panini was served on a regular, bland and stale tasting hoagie role, instead of the classic bread that is toasted in the panini maker. All in all, in the past few months some cuts must have been made and I will not be returning. Very disappointing - had potential.Nice location and environment, but our two
Entrees were bland and therefore over priced for the quality. $40 for mediocre food was not worth it so I Wouldn't return given the amount of other spots in the area.I never really considered what it is like to dine out with young children, but honestly, I am super proud of my little cousins. They are awesome! How many 7-10 year olds would immediately decide they want to order saffron seafood risotto off the real menu when there is a kids menu? Then, when the dish arrives, how many kids actually love it and eat the whole damn thing? When you meet a kid as cool my cousins, let me know so my cousins can arrange a meal date. They can share a super awesome plate of seafood risotto at Pizzicato. It was really tasty.
My aunt got chicken saltimbocca which was good, and went well with the sweet potatoes that were layered underneath. My older cousin ordered Salmon, and I don't really eat salmon, but it looked good.
We ordered the calamari app, and I highly recommend that. Whatever was going on there was awesome. We also got the crab-avocado nest, which was pretty (but flavorless--it needs some sea salt or something). We also got a pizza for the table, which was fine, nothing too special.
If the meal had not gone so well, I would have knocked this place down a bit. The daily special was unavailable and so my order got screwed up. I ended up getting gnocchi, which was good, but not really what I wanted. But the waitress was super nice and friendly under the pressure of having to be the messenger of bad news. 
Overall, I recommend that you bring your family here.The location of the restaurant is great, right on the corner of third and market, outdoor seating is wonderful when the weather is nice.
As for the food, it is adequate and nothing special. They attempt to have gourmet pizza but it is nothing you couldn't get at a regular pizza joint. Their calamari and bruschetta appetizers are decent as is their apple and walnut salad. 
If it was not for the location of the restaurant I probably would not visit again.Came here for a late weekend lunch and sat in the outdoor seating (it gets really close to the street, our table was literally watching the cars parking praying that they dont run into us).  
I thought the staff was really nice and attentive. We ordered the crab and avocado nest which was delicious. It was really hot out and this dish was just what I needed. It was really refreshing, the crab seemed fresh along with the yummy avocado, cucumbers, and ripened mangos. I ordered the chicken pesto panini and was expecting a  warm and somewhat flattened sandwich with char marks, but it was a kind of giant sandwich instead. The "panini" was decent, but I was a little disappointed that it wasn't really a panini. It came with thin cut fries drizzled in balsamic vinegar and were really good. 
I would probably come back here, but not order their panini.Food: 4
Decor: 3
Ambiance: 3
Service: 4
Value: 4.5
It's a shame this place closed. Too much competition in the area, I suppose. The pizzza was really quite good, but the restaurant could have used some sprucing up.We used to come here a lot, but recently the quality of the service has gone terrible. Food is OK (not great) but our last two visits ended up being forced to pay 20% automatic gratuity by our server (for a party of 2) although she was extremely ignorant and paid little attention to our table. We refused to pay last time but she said it was restaurant's policy. Well, we are never coming back, we wish good luck to the owners. This place is being dragged down by their waitresses.Super nice service. Nice space. Food is quite mediocre.I don't know why I thought my experience would be any different this time around.. 
Ordered take out veggie panini with fries. Sandwich was bland & fries were cold & soggy. I picked it up 10 minutes after I ordered it... 
Mozzarella was rubbery & I could tell it wasn't fresh. The "spread" was flavorless.
It's sad because with just any effort at all & the food could be really great here - until then, avoid.Our waitress desperately needed to wash her shirt. A white-stained black t-shirt does not look appetizing to the customers, girlfriend. Serious turn off. Took forever to get our order in after asking for a few minutes minutes to look at the menu. Don't you hate that? "A minute" means "come back soon," not "go gossip with the other waitresses until your table has to flag down someone else to go get you." 
Spinach salad was fine, mushroom pizza was fine. Crust was thin and crispy, but lacking flavor. 
In addition, I saw other tables with baskets of bread and olive oil, which we never got. 
I always wanted to know what Pizzicato was like- it always looks so inviting, sitting there on 3rd and Market. Well, now I know. And I don't need to go back.I ate at Pizzacato on two separate work trips to Philly.  The food was consistently fresh/ good.  This place is quality food at reasonable prices (I had the salmon).  Once you get your cheese steak fix out of the way, consider this as a nice sit-down dinner option.  Great menu selection-  this is an ideal place to enjoy a meal in or near Penn's Landing.I want to answer a question " why is this place closed or why 3 stars? It's because the menu never changed, no drink specials, no tap, terrible treatment to staff especially women and "extra" attention to have them join him after work ours right on to of the restaurant. He would not listen to management suggestions and after having a master chef who taught Mexicans to make the dishes he fired the main chef. So no change 90s decor. And a egotistical psychopath owner/ with restaurants building and hoping everywhere like Revolution house, Cuba Libra, and all 21 other places with better atmosphere food drinks well...........there's the end owner John D BagI have been here a couple of times, and I'm surprised that there are such mixed reviews.  I'm not sure what people are expecting at this casual pizza joint, but I think they have it nailed.  
Each time I've gone the service is very good, but I must say that could be because it's never been as busy as some of the others reviewers are commenting.  The pizza is always delicious and comes out pretty quickly.  One time my friends and I had a conversation with the manager and he bought us a round, which was super nice!I agree with Caitlin and Jake. Pizzicato is nothing special. It's not terrible either, but it's overpriced for essentially being a fancied up Olive Garden.
Pretty girls help, but they still can't make my food taste better (well, at least not in public). There is always something disappointing about my meal here. Of course, it helps that they have some prime real estate on Market St. where you can sit outside and watch all the action.
I guess that's the reason why I come back every so often, even though I know my meal is going to be "meh." 
Come here if you just want something small to eat and you want to sit outside. Don't come here if you want Italian food.I just had one of the worst dining experiences I have had in a long while.  Yesterday, we wanted to grab a quick meal before a movie at the Ritz, so we made a reservation at Pizzicato on Market Street.  We experienced a mouse walking across our feet, the rudest service I can remember and cold pizza.  I ordered a Caesar salad to share and our friend ordered the wedge.  When the salads arrived, the server asked if we wanted fresh ground pepper and then disappeared for 15 minutes, only to return with a pepper grinder after we finished the salads.  The boredom of waiting was interrupted when a mouse crossed under our feet.  When another table of diners called the matter to the attention of the wait staff, it was ignored.  Our pizzette arrived 40 minutes later and although we were cautioned about how hot the plates were but my pizzette was cold.  I tried to attract the attention of our server but she ignored us.  When she finally returned to the table and I said the pizzette was cold, she said she would talk to the chef but went about waiting on other customers and never came back.  When the check arrived, it included a 20 percent gratuity.  When I refused to pay the gratuity she said, oh the "machine puts that on".  
This place needs to be closed.  Cold food, noisy kitchen, horrible and rude service, dirty tables, and vermin infested; it is our own episode of "Kitchen Nightmares" on Market Street.Which do I begin with,  my subpar sandwich or our lousy service?   Lousy service,  that's what we got from our waitress who seemed more concerned with standing behind the bar sending texts or hanging outside talking to other people rather then doing her job.  We had to ask the bartender for several things including our check.   Then there was my sandwich,  I ordered the chicken paini,  but instead of getting what should have been a flat pressed sandwich done right, I got chicken and peppers on a roll heated in a microwave.   Great job guys.   Our calamari appetizer was good and the place looked nice inside so for that I'll give them two stars and a promise to myself of avoiding this place in the future.Very poor and service!  We were never offered drink refills or did the server ever come back to see if our food was prepared probably.  We had a difficult time just getting someone's attention to bring us the check.  The pizza was okay.  The pasta was greatly overpriced!  Linguini with just garlic and olive oil $19!!The gnocchi here are amazing!  The food is a little pricey, but you get a lot of it!  The service has always been great and sitting outside watching all of the sights of Old City is a lot of fun!  A great little date spot!THE BEST! We wandered in after a long day in the rain. Seriously the best, freshest, non-greasy most delicious pizza I've had. Maybe ever.Came here for an early dinner before heading back home to NYC on a Sunday night.  Despite the fact that the hostess didn't tell anyone we were sitting there until I got up about 10 minutes later to complain, they were nice enough to comp our drinks.  Arugula salad with artichoke and asparagus is quite good-- always a fan of arugula.  We also had the Mediterranean White pizza -- spinach, mushroom, and onion drizzled with just the right amount of olive oil.  This is a casual place, wouldn't call it romantic, as we were both so exhausted after walking from Penn's Landing to the Art Museum in the hot sun and just ended up both leaning against the wall until our food came.Been to this place twice now. Everything has been great, although nothing special. This time my girlfriend and I started with the pear salad. Great, fresh ingredients. The dressing is fantastic. Pretty average in taste and price for a salad in Philadelphia.
We both got the Angus burgers for our second courses. They came with fries which were nothing special. The burger was pretty good. Worth the $10 price tag, but nothing to really rave about. 
Their drink menu is very dull. The beer selection is just a bunch of basics and some Yards. 
Great decor, and service was excellent.
Total bill for 2 with drinks and tip was only $55, so you're not paying out the nose, but it's really not worth going out of your way for.Custom made a pizza for my picky nephew. He ate it with no complaints. Staff was attentive. A bit expensive. Since I didn't order I can't say exactly the quality to price. We were visiting and the rest of our party chose subs at another establishment.i love this place! they have the best calamari in the city. the food is always fresh. i usually try the specials. service is always friendly and food comes out quick. they have good wines by the glass.they have a pear walnut salad that is super yum. i dont normally eat in old city. but i have nothing but good things to say about this place.open kitchen and outside seating is always a plus for me. but it helps that everything else is done right.At 12:30 pm on a rainy Saturday, we appeared to be the first people to come in for the lunch service.  It was great to see people jumping over one another to help us and we were readily sat at a table along the windows.  
We saw the restaurant and noticed how busy it was the night before during the First Friday art crawl the evening before.  
The menu had several pizza choices, panini, salads and other items.  I choose a spinach salad with beets, apples, walnuts and goat cheese with a raspberry vinaigrette.   The salad was drowning in dressing, but the goat cheese was totally awesome.  My lunch mates ordered the orange chicken salad and a personal pizza.  Both enjoyed their meals.  Hot tea was perfect for the chilly, rainy day.  
The service was attentive and the food was good, but nothing special.  
The only downside was the fact that we had dirty silverware and our waitress had left "the floor".  We tried to get the attention of one of the otherwise unoccupied servers, in this small seating area, and they did not seem to want to assist us. I ended up taking some clean silver ware from an adjoining table.  
There are many other restaurants in the Old City area, and I am glad we stopped in, but we probably won't be backI am designating two stars only because I wanted to express an opinion even though I didn't get a chance to sample the food.  My wife and I fully intended to eat there and walked over early Saturday evening from our hotel.  We were told that the establishment was not going to take names for about another hour due to having accepted alot of reservations.  The small place was filled and there were alot of folks standing around waiting for a table.  We were not encouraged to stay so we left.  Both of us thought it odd that they would "suspend taking names" for a given period of time.  I will say that we did enjoy the aroma of Italian food as we stood there for a few moments.  Looking at what patrons were eating (various Italian dishes and pizza which really looked good) we thought it would have been a good choice, but alas, we had to remove ourselves and go elsewhere.  If we ever get back to Philly, we might try it but the chances of getting back there any time soon aren't too promising.
So, in conclusion, I might just say my comments here are in no way a criticism of the food served in this restaurant, but just a comment on how prospective customers were treated.We moved to Old City about a year ago and have been exploring everything around us ever since. Pizzicato is definitely one of our most favorite places - not only because of the great location, delicious food, wood pizza oven and generous drinks. The main reason - you feel treated like nowhere else. And last, but not least - the desserts are one of the best we have ever tried, period. And they have outside tables in summer time. Strongly recommend. Kate & KonstantinWhen I think back to my experience and food I had at Pizzicato, one word in particularly comes to mind and that's: bland. The service was so-so and the food was less than that. After walking up and down the street and seeing long lines coming out of restaurants/bars, as out-of-towners, we were relieved to see Pizzicato up on the corner of the street with plenty of seating to spare. It should've been a warning sign but we didn't even realize we were the only ones eating there that Friday evening. For starters, my table shared the plate of calamari. The sauces were strange and we ended up just eating the calamari plain. It was decent enough, I mean you can't really mess up fried food. On to the main course. I had the Funghi pizza and was super excited about it because I love mushroom pizza. In my head, I was imagining a pie overflown' with 'shrooms...ok, I would've even taken some. It was pretty sparse. My friends' plates were about on equal level than mine, according to them. The service was awkward. The waiter couldn't give us any good recommendations... or any recommendations at that. It was just a poor experience. We all had pizza left over and all opted to leave it there, along with our hope of a decent meal.Had the veal sliders, they were very good. After reading the reviews I think people maybe need to stay away from the pizza, don't be so bland, yes the word pizza is in their name. They chose a bad name. What I had was good. Sat outside, had nice weather. Was a good meal.The chilean sea bass is absoluuuuutely delicious here.Everything was perfect from the grilled octopus to the salad to the pizza to the mushroom pasta.   Service excelled.   Can't wait to go for a return visitStopped for a bite. Enjoyed the salad and soup very much. The pizza was good but not great. Overall the service was an A+. I would definitely go back when in Center City again.
Mike
Bensalem PaReally good pizza. Had the white pizza. Great stop after touring Betsy Ross home. Cute neighborhood.I had the salmon over rice pilaf which was surprisingly amazing! The Martinis were also so good and definitely try the dessert! Busy street but great outdoor seating experience.