Plenty Cafe has a lot going for it. It's in a great location that's convenient to Center City, the decor is chic and comfortable, and their music playlist is impeccable. Although I only got a latte while I was there, the food options that I spied on the menu looked very tempting.
However, I'm taking three stars off because of a ridiculous policy that leaves a bad taste in my mouth -- they shut off their advertised wi-fi during peak hours. This bothers me for two reasons: firstly, you don't find this out until you've bought your food, settled down, and cracked open your laptop to do some work. Ugh. Secondly, turning the wi-fi off to ensure that customers get their coffee and get out as soon as possible shows that their priority is revenue rather than customer satisfaction.
There were a lot of positives -- but the only reason I splurge on cute coffee shops is to hunker down with a hot drink and get work done outside of the library for once. With so many other great, welcoming options nearby, why bother with one that wants you out the door as soon as they have your cash in their hot little hands?The ambience is quite lovely and the staff is friendly but the prices are too high for extremely bland food and poorly prepared espresso. Square One Coffee is an expert roaster but the cortado I was served tasted ashy and thin. The soup and salad both were lacking in any flavor at all. I would stop in once in a while for a sandwich a couple years ago and never had a bad experience. Tonight was a bummer!Walked into this small cafe after a work meeting in the Rittenhouse area.  Got the Seoul sandwich,  which was a bulgogi sand which with pickled cabbage,  spiced mayo and some other delicious ingredients.  The prices were a little steep but the sandwich was awesome.  
There is not much seating,  but the staff are friendly and the sandwiches are well thought out.  Good flavors and combinations.
The coffee shop as pretty good as well!I found the staff friendly and the food delicious. The dirty chai was eh. The salmon added at $7+ to my bagel was barely there. The dining experience general was nice. I'd come again and try a different selection.Amazing breakfast menu. I had the pancetta hash sandwich and it was awesome.Friendly staff, however, the food seems pretty over priced for the average person. Lattes were bomb, but the breakfast sandwiches were dry and kind of bland--basically the food was mediocre (I'd rather go somewhere like Panara for food like this). I recommend going for the experience though, the atmosphere was awesome. 
If the food tasted better, this place would've gotten five stars.I have never, physically, been in this place but have gotten delivery several times through Caviar.  The Tel Aviv salad is pretty much the best salad I've ever had.  Today I got the beet salad and that was wonderful as well.  I did not like their olives as they had so much vinegar it made me choke.  But I will continue to try other things from here.  Food is very fresh and well made.Had one of the daily specials off the sidewalk sign, the heirloom tomato and watermelon salad. It was AMAZING. Fresh and ripe with beautifully balanced flavors and lovely presentation. Appropriately priced for a smaller portion size. I would come here more often if their prices were just a tad lower, but I think they are going more for a posh lunch vibe than casual coffee shop.My mom and I come in here a lot since we live near by. Cute atmosphere with a semi pricey selection of pastries, sandwiches, and salads. But the foods fresh and good!
Pour over coffee is a little strong for me but I enjoy their lattes and specialty drinks. 
Only complaint is some of the staff seem a little standoff-ish... They could use some help in the costumer service department. It's nice to be recognized as a regular and not be scorned by your barista! 
Ps- they just got their liquor license- 8 dollar mimosas for brunch isn't too bad, but they will need to advertise some weekend deals to get it started!I live near this cafe, and I noticed that it finally opened and decided to try it out with my parents as a last minute option for a quick dinner. We got a couple sandwiches: the Matambre, Porchetta and Pesto Chicken. All were pretty good and all were on french rolls. It might have been better to eat these sandwiches with a soup, so that your mouth doesn't get so dry from chewing all that bread. 
Overall, I was pleasantly surprised at how good these were! It was a bit pricey, in my opinion, but a good treat every once in a while. For those 3 sandwiches, the total was about $32 (Ok, you do get a decent amount of meat, so the prices are justifiable). I'll try their coffee next time I stop in!Plenty Cafe was a bit of a disappointment and made my wife and I realize that the DC food scene (where we are from) sets a high standard. The staff was nice here and they have a fun balcony where you can enjoy your food, but the actual lunch wasn't that great. It looks good, but it just wasn't out of this world. We ordered the Seoul and the Istanbul sandwich and both didn't have much flavor. If you're ever in DC and want an AMAZING sandwich with tons of flavor, order the Seoul and Istanbul from a place called Sundevich near DC's Convention Center. Cheers!Food was fine but waiting 30 minutes for a grilled cheese and tomato soup is just excessive. It was not busy at all and there was one other couple of people ahead of me who waited nowhere near as long as me. I was given no clock reset or even an explanation by the person working. Won't be back.
Edit: food was mediocre at best, carmelized onions were soggy and either laid on the cheese or the bread. There was no tomato. And the cheese was lukewarm. And I had assumed they actually milked the cow on site.Seating is limited and definitely not for large parties but the place is adorable and the food terrific. I'll definitely come here again.Delicious coffee and lattes, with foam art which is always fun. 
I got the Pancetta Hash Breakfast Sandwich which was delicious!  So happy with this place. 
The only concern is the small amount of seating. It's hard to get a table if you want to eat in.I've come here a few times over the past few weeks, and I've really been enjoying the snacks and drinks. There is no better place for aperitifs and the bites available during happy hour are really delicious. I bet they have good coffee too, but I will have to come back to try it out!My friend and I were looking for a place to grab quick breakfast before we headed to the airport. 
This place was a cute little cafe, I loved the decor. 
I ordered the granola parfait - which was good, I loved the little bowl it came in. Next time I am in town I will stop by for coffee and breakfast!I live just around the corner and this is the most typical neighborhood coffee shop I've ever been in. How could you not love it. I think the menu is a bit pricey but you're really paying for the scene. They also have a full bar, which only makes the experience even better. If you're nearby or walking past, I'd stop in and give it a try.I stopped in here after a jank walk in the rain on Passyunk, I was miserable. But I walked into the first place I saw that looked friendly. Then I was like whoa this joint has food.....cool. The sandwiches are really good and the coffee is quality.Great coffee. I can't comment on the food, but the physical space was very pretty. I did feel that it lacked heart and the proprietors were cold.I'm sad to give this place a bad review. It's so close and in my neighborhood. Most of the baristas are cool, one in particular is really ugly acting. She has a very nasty dismissive passive aggressive attitude and she cheated me out of a penny lol. I know sometimes I can be passive aggressive also, but hers is particularly disturbing. It's meshed with micro-aggression which she tries to guise through an unnatural teethy smile. She isn't good at hiding her racial preferences. I don't know her name, short blonde girl who was working on the 4th of July. I was really disturbed by her vibe. I sat for a while doing work before heading out to parties and she was pleasant and smiling wishing happy day to "other" patrons but she had a sour attitude toward me. Maybe it was me? Maybe I sauntered in with an air of happiness that was irritating? Maybe I wear my center city life on my sleeve and its interpreted as shameless conceit? OR Maybe she just wanted to thwart "my kind" (hence the micro aggression) from frequenting this place. Hint taken?I really, really like this place. The only reason I've given 4 stars instead of 5 are the food prices. The coffees are very well priced - you can get a fantastic coffee for under $2! - but the sandwich items are pretty much all over $10. Ouch.
That being said, if you eat there you get a side salad and watermelon slice with your meal, which makes it a better deal. But if you take it to-go, which I do often, you don't typically get any sides.
A recommendation: come here for breakfast and grab a yummy food item and coffee drink. The granola with fruit is worth every penny!This is a great coffee shop / cafe.  The coffee is delicious and they really know what they're doing on this front.  The food is also top notch - delicious sandwiches, great ingredients and options (e.g. manchego cheese).  
It's pretty cool inside and Micheal was really helpful, friendly and engagedGreat cappuccino. The foam was perfectly done.  Tasted rich, with an aftertaste of chocolate.  I prefer a bolder, more acidic espresso, but this cappuccino was perfect in its own way. The only reason I don't give 5 stars is because the service was snippy and not that knowledgable. I would love to come back and try some of their meals as well, which looked interesting. Would recommend.Plenty is my new favorite study haven! Lofts are kind of enchanting places for me (something akin to hammocks and tree houses), and I absolutely love that Plenty has such a cute cozy little loft, one that is ideal for meeting up with friends and/or studying the afternoon away. 
Yes, the area is a bit small so it can be hard to find seating during the busy hours, but what decent coffee shop in the city doesn't have the same problem? In the upstairs loft, there are a few outlets along the bench seating and the wifi is solid (current password: drinkcoffee). 
I loveeeee their sandwiches too. I've tried out a couple and my favorite is the New Orleans, comprised of the sweet fig jam, crispy green apple, and the house smoked spicy ham - an explosion of delish flavors all together! My one lament is how long I've been purchasing drinks/food at this place and only JUST discovered that they have punchcards... But for me, I guess it's compensated for by being only 3 blocks away from my apartment and thus saving me commuting costs/effort.
I'm happy to be the duchess here for now, and intend to keep it that way ;)Great coffee, spent a couple hours here working. Good Cafe tunes, nice staff, good breakfast options.The black coffee was tasty and the latte was also good. I got the egg white sandwich with veggies and it was tasty and filling. The red pepper aioli added nice flavor to the eggs. The only reason I didn't give 5 stars was that the staff wasn't very friendly. For lack of a better word,  they seemed kinda uppity.My lunch plans with a friend were cancelled, so I ventured out and decided to give this place a try. I've passed by it so many times but never went in! I checked out the menu online first (to try and expedite the ordering process since this was a work lunch break) and decided I'd try the Istanbul sandwich.
When I arrived, I was a little disappointed to see that it was pretty packed - no empty seats left to dine in - so I ordered the sandwich and a chai latte to go. Latte (made with almond milk) was good, but comparable to Starbucks so nothing crazy special other than having almond milk as an option. 
As I was waiting, I looked at the menu and noticed that my sandwich was labeled as "spicy" on the menu on the wall. Yikes!! I can barely handle mild salsas... I didn't change my order though, because overhearing some other orders I learned that they were out of kale, out of bagels, out of this fig jam stuff, and out of chicken. I don't really like kale or chicken, but knowing they were running out of so many things before noon made me nervous to try and get something else.
I took my sandwich to go and ate in Rittenhouse (maybe a 5 minute walk from the cafe, and there are usually plenty of open benches to sit on), and it was pretty good, besides lighting my mouth on fire. I'd like to come back another time and try the Grilled Cheese or maybe stop in for "brunch" and get a bagel.
Overall - nice, trendy, "cozy" (read: small) place with some great menu options. Slightly overpriced (in my work-lunch opinion), but really tasty and definitely worth a shot if you're in the area. Try to get there before the lunch rush so you might be able to get a seat and/or order what you want without them running out of ingredients.I loved this coffee shop until I paid $10 for a cup of coffee and toast with avocado and "no wifi on the weekends". I understand the limited space problem but if you're not going to offer wifi, don't charge that much for a meal that's worth $5.Get the Barcelona sandwich...great lunch, light, fresh and really yummy.  I also got the green tea... refreshing!  Worth stopping by!Realistically, this review is a 3.5, but I don't feel as if they deserve to be bumped up to a 4 star either. Since I am not a coffee lover, I am a frequenter of their hot chocolate. However, as this is my third visit here, I am starting to find that their service and food quality is very inconsistent. 
Atmosphere: 4/5
- very cute and cozy loft area upstairs; holds 5 tables, but can get a little cramped
- more seating that is spread out downstairs as well as outside on a nice day
- minus a point for spotting a mouse in their establishment :( 
Food/Drinks: 3/5
- great tasting food/drinks, but ONLY when they get it right..
- hot chocolate is great.. when it's actually hot! 
- sandwiches
    - Lima ($10): red onions are pickled onions, not raw red onions; also, make sure the chicken is actually cooked, because another patron received raw chicken!
    - Smoked Brisket ($8.50): huge fan of this one! Crispy with amazing flavors; definitely go for this one!They sell bags of coffee beans and feature different roasters from all over the country-- fun to pop in and see what they have in stock. Although, the last time I went here, some of the bags were super old, with roasted dates of months-1year ago.I was so excited when this place opened a block away from me, and it's now my go-to for a quick brunch/lunch, or if I want to sip delicious coffee while reading a book. All of the food is really fresh and they use very high-quality ingredients. Friendly staff, great food at a great price-- can't ask for more!Visited here yesterday for the first time on vacation! the food was good and service fast!! it's tiny so finding a seat can be difficult, but don't leave, its worth it.. I will stop here again in the future!Coffee was great- very similar to Australian coffee. The set out of the place was also cool, made sitting in much more enjoyable. Definitely keen to head back and try their food.This place was very good for a weekend brunch. I sometime enjoy the "seat yourself" places, provided I can find a table. The last time I went with other people and we all thought the food was very good. The service is mainly counter service, but the people made me feel special, despite my just being another customer. Always a good thing. The coffee and sandwiches were good. In fact, my only issue was that I felt it was still a bit overpriced for the type of place it is. Nonetheless, I would have no problem going back.I've passed by this place many many times. I never thought to come in, since I'm not a coffee lover. My good friend is, and he was coming to town. Searched coffee cafes and plenty came up! We've been here twice. We like going up to the top floor. We ordered appetizers and they were great!Rest of menu looks great, especially the baked goods. However the steel cut oatmeal was a great disappointment especially on a cold morning.  It was served lukewarm and more on the dry side not wet and completely lacked flavor.  Requested it to be reheated but alas, I couldn't save it.  The server was great and perhaps other menu items, I suggest skipping the oatmeal.Good place for a quick breakfast. We had a chorizo egg sandwich and oatmeal with berries. Both were generously sized and quite filling!  Would definitely go back for more.I adore this little cafe. People there are so nice and pet friendly. Their peach cobbler cake is so moist and just enough sweet. Their ice tea is awesome, fresh squeezed orange juice is always delicious. Their little outdoor seats are always nice.I tend to judge every city I visit based on their coffee shops, and this one reminded me why I loved Philly so much. A cute, cozy coffee/wine shop with beautiful decor.
I had their cold brew coffee (strong but flavorful) and a chocolate croissant. I wish I could have stay longer and hung out in the cute upstairs area. My friend also got their orange pistachio biscotti with her cappuccino, which were both amazing!This cafe is cute but really small. I sat upstairs and didn't have much space due to the lack of seats, but I like how quiet and quaint the space is. I didn't get to try their food but I always see people eating outside so next time I'll definitely stop by for brunch! I recommend coming here if you want to study or just have a nice time catching up with a friend.I've been in Center City all week for work and finally stopped in (twice!) for breakfast after passing it by every time I've been in the general Rittenhouse area. I really wanted to love this place, as I'm always on the market for a new cafe.
Sadly, Plenty Cafe isn't for me. My first visit I ordered an iced coffee and a bagel. The bagel was fine but could have used a more liberal hand on the cream cheese but the coffee was very watery and bland. Second visit was iced coffee (second time's the charm?) and a breakfast sandwich. Same watery almost tasteless coffee (this one tasted almost like iced tea, which was odd) and the blandest sandwich I've ever had. There was some sort of sauce on it but I couldn't tell you what it was because it literally tasted like air. For a $9 sandwich, I expect more flavor, if not more actual sandwich. 
On the plus side, the service was pleasant and I didn't feel cramped waiting for my order like many other reviewers have felt. 
With Rival Brothers fifty steps away and a multitude of cafes in the surrounding blocks, there really isn't much reason for me to come back.Have since eaten at Plenty "plenty" of times and had to upgrade them to 5 stars. Food is always fresh and delicious. The past 2 times I've strayed my beloved Barcelona and have been  getting the Chicken Salad: served on multiwheat bread and dressed in just a dash of mayo and dijon, I adore the addition of dried cranberries to their preparation.
Heck even the plain side salad served with the sandwich is always tasty!
I'm anxious to try their recently reopened Passyunk location; excited to hear about their extended menu and can't wait to sample more Plenty!Minimal selection but healthy, local food. Was a good, quick breakfast but far from a destination spot. Biggest detractors were the limited breakfast selection (outside of pastries) and higher prices. 
Solid 4-stars.Apparently this is a bar/ Cafe... we came in just for some coffee. Walked in and it felt like a real chill, relaxed, hipster kind of place. Mostly a young crowd when we were there. Wifey got an iced vanilla coffee that wasn't really good. It wasn't sweet, nor did it have a "wake me up and refresh me" kind of taste. I had a dulce de leche latte that was decent, nothing to be excited about. 
The staff that was working the counter was lacking some personality, maybe that's where the hipster vibe came from. There's food you can order but we didn't bother. 
In short, I'd probably rather go to a Starbucks and get coffee, if that's all you want.I am so glad I found this place. Unfortunately, they don't have branches in DC where I live. If I could, I would I here everyday.
The ambiance is very chill and happy and relaxed. I liked the calming music and art on the walls. The people who work there are chill and easy to chat with. The area is small, but isn't overcrowded. This is a great place to meet a friend for lunch and also to buckle down and work for hours. 
The coffee is great and the food is amazing. I went twice in one weekend it was so good. The first time I got the New Orleans sandwich and then the chicken pesto. It is damn hard to decide what to order because everything looks and tastes amazing. All of the ingredients taste very fresh and the things that come out of the kitchen here are gold. Please enjoy this place as much as I did because all sandwich/coffee shops should be this good!This place is really cute, but service is apathetic. "Oh sure, I'll wait at the counter while you finish your conversation with your colleague across the café " - No One Ever. I also wasn't a fan of how the pastries were displayed uncovered, prime fodder for fruit flies and goodness knows what else.Popped in on a Sunday afternoon at around 2 pm-got a table for 3 with no wait.  Server was friendly and helpful in terms of rearranging tables for our needs. We ordered quickly, and food came out beautifully presented (and very tasty!!) in about 20 minutes. I had the Provence salad ($11, lemony dressing and grated pecorino over shaved fennel, artichokes, roasted red peppers, and mixed greens) + tuna and the soup of the day ($8), a tasty mushroom barley blend with lots of other veggies and chili. My dining companions got the Tel Aviv salad ($12, cumin-orange vinaigrette over toasted pistachios, kale, arugula, farro, pickled radish, and beets) + chicken and the grilled cheese (gruyere!) and cup of tomato bisque ($14). 
Seemed like a good place for a casual lunch or brunch...including a casual lunch or brunch date! Place had a nice hum to it.To start, amazing food. The grilled cheese is my favorite (I'm a simple kind of girl) but the pesto chicken sandwich is also delic. I love the relaxed ambiance and modern decor complete with a friendly staff. Sometimes I'll head over there to work for a few hours to get out of my office. I didn't give it 5 stars simply because the food prices are a bit high, despite the coffee being very reasonably priced. However, I will take a nice small meal and cup of coffee here vs. a microwaved spinach square and overwhelming foot traffic at SBux. Sorry SBux, I've been cheating on you!Really good Mojito coffee. Big fan. The brisket/egg sandwich was good too. I'll go once more and see if it deserves a fifth star...Really delicious coffee. I was pleasantly surprised when I first had it. Great sandwiches though they are a bit overpriced since they don't come with anything. For $10+ one would expect some kind of accompaniment. Service is a little slow for a sandwich so be prepared to wait. 
I've encountered more than one moody barista at this location which is a pet peeve of mine: dude, you work at the register of a coffee shop where it is your job to greet customers all day. Please don't act like I've inconvenienced you, especially when I'm polite as I place my order!!!!! 
But I will be back for the coffee and tasty food!Cute little place to sit with coffee and your laptop. Not so much for an actual meal. Small menu and no table service.A really cute coffee and sandwich shop in the heart of Philadelphia. It's a casual seat yourself kind of joint, which can be perfect for a lazy Saturday late morning/early afternoon. I loved the music selection which reflected the global nature of their menu. 
We just had the Rivals Bros drip, which was awesome, and I'd definitely try one of their hand pours. 
I had a chorizo breakfast sandwich and my boyfriend had the brisket breakfast sandwich. We both loved them. 
Would definitely return for a coffee or quick bite.Got the smoked Salmon egg sandwich. It was good. Nothing outstanding but decent flavor & minimal greens and a small old pineapple slice on the side. For the price I think they could be a bit more generousI love this cafe, the food menu is delicious, being in Philadelphia for work I kept coming back here. The vibe is really warm and neighborhood-y and the coffee tastes great. Definitely on the pricey side, but assuming these are Philly prices, I'm not complaining.Cute Cafe, food is decent. Coffee is a bit overpriced. Unfortunately every single time I've been there, the staff is very cold and rude. There is no etiquette or courtesy from them especially if they are running a cafe you would expect something more.If you are interested in waiting 1 hour and 15 minutes for a egg sandwich and have the other half of your order brought out cold: this is the place for you.I am so excited to have found this place! It's adorable, the baristas are super friendly, and the food is delicious. I wish I could spend every morning here!I don't get all the wonderful reviews. In addition to their wireless not working which delayed our order and payment going through, we've now been waiting 35 minutes for oatmeal. We were here early, it's a Saturday morning, and they are seriously understaffed. If the food was amazing, I'd be less annoyed, but so far we've had a couple of dry scrambled eggs with a few pieces of wilted lettuce on the side. And we are one of three tables in the whole place. Not impressed.I stopped for lunch today for the first time. The sandwich menu is laid out nicely by protein with lots of great combinations. Gluten free baguettes are available also. 
I ordered the Florence sandwich. I'm not sure how long I waited but it was a while. Next time I will call in advance. The Florence is described as "roast pork shoulder with fennel and onions, roasted red peppers, sautéed Swiss chard, pecorino, garlic aioli" on a baguette. Delish. However when I got home I noticed a lack of red peppers, Swiss chard and pecorino. Umm. If you don't have it that's fine I will order something else. Next time just tell me don't just leave it off the sandwich and hope that I won't notice. Still the pork was good. I will give it another shot but be sure to check that I've all the ingredients before I leave the shop.Have been back several times...they seem to have become aware of the need for comfortable dining temperatures. The Barcelona is absolutely delicious, and the coffee, especially cold brew, is quite good.I want to love all the Plenty Cafes in the city and this one especially. It's such a perfectly pulled together bi-level space! It has so much seating and delicious baked goods and lots of outlets! It also always is staffed by the slowest barista, and only ever one at a time. But that would still be manageable only if they didn't cut their wifi at 5pm and dim the lights to make it impossible to read. 
I totally get that with such a small space, you need clear boundaries in order to succesfully transform into a bar to make those weekend crowds. But I wish it didn't have to happen so early on a Friday night.I found this place incredibly expensive for what it was. I got the Barcelona sandwich. It's a modestly sized sandwich mostly composed of bread. There wasn't that much of the protein, which was lost in the overly generous mayonnaise spread. It wasn't bad it just wasn't worth the price, which after tax and a modest tip was about $15. The place itself is really cute and I wanted to like it more than I did.Had breakfast there this morning. I had the egg white sandwhich and my BF had the Barcelona sandwich. Both were amazing and the bread was out of this world. We had to eat outside because every seat inside was taken which was the only downside because it was a bit chilly. Sandwiches are a bit pricey but totally worth it for how delicious they are.Excellent sandwiches and coffee.  The ingredients are always high quality and I actually go out of my way to eat here BECAUSE Plenty shuts off their wifi during peak hours which means I know it is easier to get a spot to sit while eating unlike other places where campers on their computer hog space for hours on end while just buying a single cup of coffee.  Seriously, go to the library.A very strange cafe. I arrived at about 4:30 and immediately learned that internet is not offered after 4. I overheard a staff member saying that they were beginning dinner service. In the two hours that I stayed, I only saw two tables dining in. It appears that Plenty Cafe is going through somewhat of a reality crisis, and consequently is providing mismatched services to its patrons. 
Also, although I'm not a student, I felt it was a missed opportunity for Plenty Cafe to shut down the internet during finals week, even if only in the evenings. The space was plenty large enough to accommodate diners and busy workers separately. Hopefully they better work out their concept.Staff hardly acknowledged us. We stopped in for our lunch break, and a to-go order of a sandwich and salad took over 15 minutes to put together. When we finally opened the bag, we'd received the wrong sandwich altogether and the salad had no dressing on it. Way too expensive for what you get (even if you get what you actually ordered). Bummer.I came in for a quick thirst quencher and barista recommended black coconut iced tea.  I could drink gallons of this! I love coconut so this was very satisfying.Friendliest owners in the world. Great hand poured coffee. The menu is indeed global. Go for whatever exotic item that you like, you cannot go wrong. They are also open late, which is huge plus.While I was eating my meal upstairs, I saw a mouse poke it's head out of a hole in the wall. I enjoy the food - although it's a bit over priced - but I just won't eat somewhere with mice.  That raises a lot of health code concerns in my mind.A tasty cold brew iced coffee and the New Orleans sandwich. Omg the New Orleans sandwich. SO GOOD. Plus the barista wasn't too bad on the eyes! ;-)I LOVE this spot. Sandwiches, coffee, beer, ice cream. It's perfect.
I got the New Orleans sandwich - it was amazing I can't wait to come back and have it again. Perfect combo of savory, spicy, and sweet. 
It has a coffee shop vibe, but it would also be a great place to come with friends and hang out for a few beers. Atmosphere is very cool and the staff are super friendly. Plus you can people watch at the seats in the front windowLatte is smooth with perfect sweetness. Seat are limited though even we arrived around 10am Wednesday. Lovely place, definitely gonna come back for its bar menu.This place was pretty sweet. My boyfriend and i went for breakfast for the first time and the service was quick, the food was good, and the coffee was good. nothing blew my taste buds away, but it was very typical, good eats. most cafes around the area i don't revisit more than once or twice, but i would definitely make this a routine place. :)Love this place! Super bright and airy feel, and absolutely no pretension or snootiness from the baristas or staff. They seem to have a lot of regulars, which is always a good sign. Whether you're sitting down for brunch or lunch or just grabbing a coffee to go, this place won't disappoint. Apparently they just applied for a liquor license, so this will likely be a nice chill place to grab a drink and relax!My favorite coffee place not only because it has great coffee but its the food that makes this place great! I love ordering a delicious meal and sitting in the loft. Each sandwich is just dripping with flavor. I love places that have a personality and this place has a certain feel to it. Upstairs is the perfect place to study with a big cup of coffee (like its an actual cup not a paper!) You cant beat this place and its in a great location.Stopped in here today to get a breakfast sandwhich for lunch. I ended up ordering the Brisket Sandwhich, which was okay, but a little dry. Add to the fact that it took a very long time (20 min) to get my food made for take-out and this place is just so-so.This place is certifiably five stars. It's as if an epicurean searched the world and put together a locally inspired version of Earth's Greatest Hits. I've had several of the sandwiches coffees and pastries and all have delivered solid value. Enjoy!I love this place ! The only reason I'm giving it a 4 star and not a 5 is because they don't have almond milk or any non dairy milk options :( . But other then that their food is great, I give the food a  5 star !:).... And my favorite , the reason  I love this place so much is New Orleans( it's amazing ) I deff recommend it .Can't really evaluate, cause I didn't eat there. I wanted to. There were plenty of seats. Menu looked amazing, but it's hot as hell outside and they have all the windows open...making it hot as hell inside too. Maybe I'll try again in the fall...Since Plenty has changed owners, I figured it was time for a review update.
Last night, I stopped in to Plenty for some dinner for my husband and I.  I decided to go with two of the $10 platters-- each with two sides and a main course.  Since I was feeling very indecisive, I tried a bunch of different things:
Mains:
       Breaded baked tilapia- a little dry for my taste, but still ok
       Grilled chicken with chickpeas and black beans- winner of the two.  Super  flavorful and juicy.  Love the bean and onion topping
Sides:
        Swiss chard and rhubarb- ive been trying to eat more leafy greens lately.  This side was really good, esp for someone who's never really had either of these vegetables
          Sauteed carrots- this side was the loser of the night.  Not flavorful enough (plus, I'm accustomed to eating baby carrots not real carrots, so I was missing the sweetness of baby carrots)
         Roasted red potatoes- very tasty but not earth shattering-- I liked that they weren't covered in oil (like roasted potatoes can tend to be)
        Mashed red potatoes- by far the winner of the group-- super flavorful (and I'm sure the highest in fat content of the group, but we will ignore that)
Portion wise, this is a great deal for us-- we each ate some of everything for dinner, plus I had leftovers for lunch today.
The only thing I would suggest to Plenty is to make signs inside the display case to tell what each item is.  I felt like I was annoying the crud out of the cashier who I had to ask what was in everything.I heard that the original owners moved which makes complete sense because now the food for the most part is over priced,  they changed the bread, portions are small, and the sandwiches are not consistent.  The old owners were great.  New ones not so much.....This place is awesome. Coffee... Beer... Wi-Fi... all i need in life.A perfect place to grab a quick dinner, a bite to eat, or even just a few items to knock your homecooked dinner up a notch.  Since it's opening, it's become part of our regular rotation.  Hard to believe something open for such a short period of time has come to feel so essential.
So far we've had the turkey, cous cous, cauliflower, gravlox, beet salad, and everything's been dynamite.  The house-cured, organic and sustainable gravlox and the turkey, which somehow retains its moisture reheated, deserve special mention.
Although the sandwiches are a tad on the pricey side, both the portabella panini and gravlox are worth every penny.
That it's a beautifully renovated, sunny place with equally sunny service completes the package. 5 stars indeed.Amazing. Glad there is a place close to me like this in South Philly and wish I stopped in sooner. The food reminds me of Tria. I love that this is a byob but is also like a market.  I liked the interior and furniture - makes it a nice place to sit down to eat.  Ate here friday and owners?? were very nice.  
I brought some beer over from the bottle shop close by and then ordered the beef brisket panini. I also tried the lentil salad and one of their cheeses, all excellent.  Also, I thought the prices were very reasonable for the quality of food.  A great niche for a neighborhood that needs more outside of the box thinking. I put it in a similar category as Ultimo Coffee; both are places that I am very happy exist in South Philly.Wow, this place has delicious take out.  We ordered a pork and chicken salad sandwich.  The ingredients were cooked to perfection with a lot of loving care.  I still think about the sandwiches...  Staff was incredibly friendly.  Can't wait to return.Plenty is the sort of cafe that locals seem to see as a reliable standby. But to this visitor, it was a special place. Menu items sound simple, but they are made with quality ingredients and the utmost care.
Chicken salad conjures thoughts of square bread, cut along the diagonal, filled with a white mayo-heavy filling. Not so at Plenty. Chunks of meat are held together with just enough dressing as necessary. There's fresh lettuce (no iceberg). It's all on a delicious baguette.
Butternut squash soup was thick, hearty, and fresh. Mushroom toast was flavorful. 
We loved everything we ordered. Our local friend chatted up the friendly staff he knew, and we spent a long lunch catching up at counter seats.
I wish I had one of these at home.Pretty cool place a little over priced for a cafe! I really love the black coconut yea it's sooooo good! Cold or hot! I also love the hash on the menu it's very good! They could offer more coffee and tea friendly items like muffins or Danish since that's what people want if they don't want a whole meal. Products are very fresh and they always have a nice selection.Me and my girlfriend stopped in for lunch one day and were very surprised by just how good the paninis are. 
Great addition to the neighborhood that we hope to visit again and again.I am so glad I stopped here. The New Orleans sandwich is amazing. All of the ingredients are fresh and the staff is very friendly and knowledgeable of the menu. My new place go to place for food and his drinks.Cute cafe, decent prices, good service.  We went in for a coffee jolt and I really wanted a fun alcoholic coffee drink but even though it was a coffee bar, the bartender was only able to offer bailey's or whiskey in the coffee.  That was a bit disappointing.  My BFs dulce leche latte was so good. So was my second drink, mulled wine. We also had the kimchi deviled eggs which were good.Don't go here unless you have a lot of extra time on your hands. I went in a total of 5 times for coffee because it's on my walk to the subway. Overall the service is slow and very unenthusiastic. The last and final time I ever went there I was the only customer there and waited 13 minutes for an americano and a skinny latte. 
The first time was alright. The iced coffee tasked great and I thought it was a good price (at about $2.50). The next time, a week or so later,  I went in the price was higher ($3.15 or so) I asked about the price difference and the cashier "grandfathered" me in at the "old price". I'm just thinking..."how long have you been open and the price is already increasing? sheesh!"
The third and fourth times I went there I only got a drip coffee. It took a long time to cash out, and the coffee tasted old. Plus the cup/lid was leaky each time, spilling all over my hands and jacket every time I took a sip. Annoying!
I already described my 5th experience. It was enough to make a person scream because it took so long. As I stood there waiting I stared at all the day-old-looking food in the case and was glad that I had never bothered to order anything. A tiny deli container of chicken salad for $8. Fergetit. 
It's a cute place, but I have nothing else good to say.Service was okay; nothing extraordinary. Our waitress initially came to the table, but we paid at the counter. I had the Cheese Board (three types of cheese, three different jam spreads, crostini... and it was okay, but definitely not worth $18. ... I've had better elsewhere. Also had a chai latte, and it was watery. 
My experience here left a lot to be desired. I don't understand the hype.I might have updated this sooner if some douchebag hadn't lambasted me for my previous review.  For this reason I wanted it to remain there, out of spite.
After a long hiatus since my first trip to plenty I have been there a few times more recently and now deem this a five-star joint.  The sandwiches are amazing, maybe not cheap but there is a lot of meat in them.  I've only had the tasso ham and turkey/brie so far but both of them are quite stunningly good.  On one visit I spontaneously received a complimentary just-baked brownie and this was quite nice as well.  
I cook too much for myself to want to buy things like ready-made brussels sprouts but all the deli items in their case look really good and one day I may find myself saying what the hell and trying some of that out.
There is nothing else like Plenty in the area and I encourage you all to go here.Our family is looking to move to the area soon so we stopped before brunch while house hunting. 
Everyone was friendly enough. The place is very clean and has a great vibe.
Food was excellent and the coffee was good too. This is a spot I will be frequenting when we move to the area this summer.OMG.  I thought places like Plenty only existed in my dreams....
Went here last night for the first time and the service was outstanding! We were offered multiple samples of various sides, just because! (or maybe I was drooling more than I noticed).  
Their MAC and CHEESE is too die for!! No, let me be more specific: It's literally the best mac and cheese I've ever had! (Good thing my mom has no idea what yelp is....blasphemy.)  Oh, and just because the service is amazing, they actually went to the back to get us the hot, fresh batch of mac and cheese : )   
Also had the cauliflower with pesto....amazing!  Husband got shredded bbq pork which he said was delicious; I can only attest that the whipped sweet potatoes (w/madras curry) and the HOMEADE CORNBREAD were also five stars!  It's obvious they've prepared their foods to go and specially constructed them to still have moisture when reheated....cornbread was moist and sweet and nothing was even close to dry after reheating.  
Bottom Line:  We finished our meal feeling like we'd just eaten out at one of our favorite byos, except that we got way more food and only spent $20 for both of us!  I am officially declaring myself a (soon to be) regular!It isn't often that I find food that needs nothing. I try to objectively assume that there is always room for improvement.
Plenty has shattered that belief and ruined me for all other sandwiches ever. When I say that I wept as I ate their Tasso Ham Panini, it is no exaggeration. It was by all means and without a doubt the best sandwich I've ever eaten. I didn't want it to end.
It will be a dangerous life I lead from now on, what with having them right down the block.
So I'm back for dinner and I have the Brisket Panini, and it is like having an out of body experience. I can hear no sounds while eating it. Nothing can penetrate the wave of bliss I'm feeling. I want everyone I know to try this, I want to shout it from the rooftops!
PLENTY IS HERE, NEVER HAVE AN AVERAGE SANDWICH AGAIN!!!!
Everything is locally sourced. The meats are cured, butchered and prepared in house. The sauces are all made in house. Unbelievable.
After the Brisket, I can't understand for the life of me why anybody would waste their money at Geno's or Pat's for a boring old cheesesteak, when they can have the Holy Grail of beef and bread right here at Plenty.
Thank you, for bringing your amazing culinary creations into my life.A coffee shop with a bar, good food, friendly staff and comfy setting.... what more can a gal ask for? Suffice to say, my first visit to Plenty went pretty well.
Meeting a friend for lunch, we actually attempted to go to Chhaya Café first but it was jam packed; their loss and my gain by going to Plenty. 
While I would've loved to grab a beer, it was lunch on a Monday so I stuck with the Cold Brewed Ice Coffee. It was so strong and so flavorful; it's amazing I didn't suck it down instantly. To eat, I tried the Shakshuka. There were so many things that looked great on the menu, but when the person at the counter next to me got the Shakshuka, I was sold. I probably ate the 2 baked eggs, spiced tomato, pepper & onion sauce, and grilled crostini wrong, but it was so tasty it didn't really matter.
The service was friendly and attentive, without being obstructive- especially when we weren't immediately ready to order. 
Between the breakfast all day and bar menu, I think I found my new default coffee shop when I'm in this part of town.The hot apple cider was awesome. They have a bar, and it's more spacious than the Rittenhouse location.
It wasn't bad, but there was dead kale in the kale caesar salad (at least five yellow pieces with brown edges). They didn't put grilled chicken in my salad like I requested either, but I don't think I was charged for it, so I guess it's okay...Though their menu is extremely overpriced and the service is typically slow and disinterested, we enjoyed some appetizer items and cocktails so we used to come here 2-3 times a month. After this weekend I would never bother again. You're not a wine bar; you're a coffee shop that cannot handle more than 4 tables being sat. This weekend we were ignored at the "bar" for 10 minutes while 3 servers could not even muster up the energy to smile in our direction. We grabbed our own menus and continued to wait. We walked out, not that they noticed or cared. I was 100% against a chain moving to the avenue, but I am so looking forward to Barcelona opening up directly across the street.I'll stop here for a cup of coffee because the location is convenient but that's about it. I had a recent food experience which was NOT good. I sent my partner here to grab coffees in the morning and a scrambled egg breakfast sandwich. He ordered the sandwich and specifically told counter staff that he needed the eggs scrambled WELL, no runny eggs. When he brought the sandwich back I opened it and the eggs were completely raw. So he walked back and asked them to please fix the sandwich. He said he received quite the attitude for such a small request and when he brought the sandwich back it was clear they didn't bother fix anything. This sandwich looked like they had taken it out of the garbage, rewrapped it and given it back to him. They clearly didn't bother to replace the bread (which was still soggy from the runny eggs) or use fresh ingredients. Instead it looked like they had scraped all of the mess off of the first sandwich, thrown it back on the grill for a few minutes and put it back in the same bread, which looked like hell. I'm sorry but that's just cheap, if someone is paying for a sandwich and YOUR establishment made a mistake, FIX IT and give them something that looks appetizing! It's only fair!
The atmosphere is generally nice, but as stated in other reviews you often will see a dishpan chock full of dirty dishes with bugs dining out of it right on the coffee station where you're supposed to fix your drinks. The chairs are also really tiny and uncomfortable - I'm 5'2 and fit but even my butt goes numb after sitting on the tiny wooden seats with no back support, so I can't imagine how anyone else would hang out here for hours and enjoy coffee and wifi. I've also tried a couple of the lunch sandwiches and received barely any meat and no salad or garnish for a $10 sandwich, so I gave up on that. 
Good things: The coffee is hot and delicious and I really enjoy their berry muffins which are fresh and good for the price ($3). 
This place seems like it has a lot of potential but overall the attitudey staff and the high price points for scant amounts of food aren't going to get them very far, ESPECIALLY in this neighborhood.I have been coming to this cafe for last 2 years. I stop in at least once a week. I like the variation in their menu, friendly service of their staff, and the clean upkeep of the cafe. I would recommend this place for breakfast, coffee, lunch, and evening dinner. On sunny warm days they open up the front windows, and on colder days its always warm and cozy. Nice place to do work and relax.The high reviews on yelp raised my expectations, and unfortunately, I was let down.   The food was fine, the place cute (empty on a Friday night), and service was friendly, but I have to say that the sandwiches we got were overpriced.  I had the smoked salmon, and my husband a turkey panini.  Though the sandwiches tasted fine; the disappointment was that I have made those same exact sandwiches at home before.  There was just nothing special about them.  The ingredients tasted good together, but not inventive nor anything special.  One of the key pieces of a sandwich is the bread, and when I saw my plate come out, I was surprised.  There were two sad looking pieces of bread that looked and tasted exactly like the pepperidge farm multigrain bread we get at the supermarket.  The whole thing was just not worth the $9.  
BUT we didn't try any sides or coffee, and the place looks like a good place to sit and relax.  The two stars are for its sandwiches.   I would come back to try the coffee, but would highly recommend another place for "gourmet" or "artisanal" sandwiches.The distance between good and great is the longest stretch of road in the restaurant world. Which makes it a shame Plenty gave up that ground when the Tasso Ham sandwich was unceremoniously dropped from its chalkboard, and is the reason behind the 1 star deduction. 
The ingredients that warmed your soul must've burned a peppery hole through Plenty's budget; the guys behind the counter said it was 86'd into the grave because people were turned off by the heat. Plenty remains a good spot to get a sandwich, but it lost what set it apart.No doubt the owners will know exactly who wrote this review bc this is what I order 9 times out of 10.  It's getting to where they just grab the hummus platter, if they are any available, when they see me walk in.  This week I did opt for the egg white sandwich on multigrain, equally fresh and delicious,  and it was big enough to share, but this is about the hummus platter... This is my favorite lunch at Plenty.  Its vegetarian, its fresh, nutritional and satisfying.  The platter consists of cucumber, artichoke, feta cheese, greek olive and roasted peppers.  The chips come with the platter but I pass on them and stick to the fresh, crunchy cucumber, and its a fair trade for one of their delicious desserts which they also make and coffee afterward.  Friends have stated they have the best porchetta sandwich.  Honestly, you can't go wrong with anything on the menu, its all made with love.  Wifi is available and a few outdoor tables.Just tried the new Matambre sandwich and was blown away! When I asked how the flank steak was so tender, I learned that it was prepared in an Argentinian style (pounded flat and roasted, rolled up with a hard boiled egg). Together the spinach, garlic, and red wine reduction complemented the steak perfectly. My father enjoyed a juicy pulled pork sandwich as well. An incredibly tasty and satisfying lunch!So we all know that no one cares about yelp but for those of you who still think this a good, non bias, truthful, resource for finding out about places then you're in luck my friend. I love this place, great food, honestly I'm never disappointed. Bomb ass kimchi deviled eggs, amazing bar program, delicious coffee, shakshuka real ness.....Uhhhh . I go here almost every week on my day off to have a lady date with my fave lady, me. Thank you plenty, don't change, don't get rid of those deviled eggs!
Also screw those union pricks protesting your queen village opening, you have the right to choose whom ever you want to contract your business....Good sandwiches. Good coffee. Also decent people watching if you sit in the window. Ive been a few times and will keep going. The addition of booze is a nice touch too.Coffee is absolutely awful. While closed for renovations they should have spent the money they used to remodel on better quality coffee and training their staff properly. 
Go to Chhaya or one of the Benna's shops.Spent 30min to an hour waiting on a bagel. I know philly is supposed to be the south of the north but it's pretty crazy. Then when I asked what's going on the counter lady rolled her eyes and said its coming.This place has the best hot sandwiches! I work right down the street and on days when I didn't have enough time to put together a lunch for myself, I take a one minute stroll down the street and always order the same thing. Because it's oh so delicious.
I always order the 'Smoked Brisket Panino'...it's amazing. The people who work here are always very friendly to me. The atmosphere is rustic and creatively designed. 
I like it. And so far, have not been let down.The great thing about Plenty is that the staff is very friendly and service oriented. The quality of the food is excellent.
My issue is that the they seem to not have found their way yet. One day I go and place my order at the counter, the next week on the same day it's table service.
Then they raised the price and lower the portions. "Plenty" may be a little misleading, unless they refer to what you pay for what you get. It was a little on the high end in term of the price of the food, and them they made the (to me foolish) decision of raising the prices even more. Too bad. it was ok while it lasted.Cool neighborhood place. Stopped there for lunch recently and enjoyed the fresh salads and entrees. Quick and friendly service!
They have a full bar with a small but interesting selection of beers on tap. Would like to have dinner here sometime. Neighborhood gem!Post Reno review. 
Staff not very welcoming. Organize your process and spell it out for clients upon entering. (A little tip for first impressions). 
Ordering made you, the customer, feel awkward. Table or counter service? No direction was given. 
Prices high for what you get. No rush to go back. Plenty of other places on the Ave that wanna provide a welcoming atmosphere which I will gladly spend my money at, expensive or not. 
Pretentious atmosphere. Don't care for it.Strolling down Passyunk Ave today, my boyfriend and I were browsing the neighborhood brunch spots to grab a bite to eat. Passing Plenty, we both remembered hearing good things so we decided to wait the 15 minutes until they opened at 12pm... Fast forward 25 minutes or so, and in we went. We were both craving breakfast-y food so we fixated on the breakfast menu. Plenty offers around 5 breakfast options, different variations of egg sandwiches and a greek yogurt. However when my boyfriend went to order, his first request to change the fried egg to scrambled (which is offered in other breakfast options) was responded with the cashier asking a fellow coworker "are we still doing no order modifications?" um okay... She then went to check with the cook if they were even serving the breakfast menu, they weren't. The cashier then pulled down the breakfast menu.. Us knowing that we wanted breakfast decided to go elsewhere but my boyfriend proceeded to pick up a chocolate bar and went to get a drink out of the beverage cooler to which the one coworker said to the other "I guess I'll wait all day to finish this transaction". Mind you, we were the only potential diners at Plenty during this entire "transaction". His grabbing of a drink took probably 25 seconds and our entire experience maybe 4 minutes. Not that it needs to be justified.. Their sandwiches may be good but I wouldn't know as I will never be returning. I'll stick to Paesano's where the sandwiches AND customer service are great.They have good coffee and tea.  The food is so so. It's not particularly bad and the place is very clean, it's just not memorable.  The place itself is cute. 
The service is super strange...everyone is very quiet and aloof.  They have one salt and pepper shaker set that is shared. 
I usually walk over here when I want something quick and I think the best way to describe it is "this will do."This place was awful.  Waited an hour to get our main courses when there were only two other tables and a guy sitting at the bar.  My wife ordered a salad which was one of the last dishes to come out after my daughter's salmon and her boyfriend's steak.  Why?  Nothing had to be cooked with the salad.  On top of that, it tasted like bug spray and was inedible.  My dish was favs beans, asparagus and pasta. I've never seen a more anemic dish for $14.  There were maybe two pieces of asparagus and maybe ten pieces of pasta.  Really???  I'll never go back here ever again.After two recent visits (one to each location) I've gotta say my trips here are done.  Similar situations both times - off days (holiday, day after) where they have too few people working and/or are out of many menu items, the people that are working are not at all friendly or will even so much as speak, the food takes forever, etc.  Just plain grumpy and I don't get it.
Was hoping these were isolated events but seems to be a trend here.  Their sandwiches are decent, but in this day and age in Philly you can find similar in so any places it's not worth the prices or lack of customer service here.Went here on my lunch break today and I was very impressed.  I ordered the Tasso ham Panini and it surpassed my expectations.  The bread was great- a crunch, pressed baguette.  The meats are all house-cured, and the pork shoulder was truly delicious.  This sandwich was very spicy, so if you don't like spice-- opt for a different sandwich.  The staff was exceptionally nice.  I will definitely be going back.I mostly come to cafes to enjoy a good coffee and bagel while I am doing some work. 
Prior to the renovations there were a few outlets available for people to plug and charge their laptops. However, since the renovations, there are two outlets, which are placed in the most difficult and challenging places to connect. 
This is not a good place to do work, and most likely done by design. 
The place is nice, the food is pretty good, albeit overpriced.
Of the staff, there has been only 1 that is friendly and welcoming. Everyone else, not so much. To have someone with a frowning face bring me my bagel changes the experience. Notice, I said changes, not ruins. It just makes it look like it was such an effort and inconvenience for the server to bring me the bagel, it is more annoying than anything, because I don't want to feel like I am impositioning you, but you are on the clock working.
I don't think I will frequent this place as much as I use to, primarily because of the lack of outlets.Okay so this place is good, but for my experience nothing I could ever say was great even if I give them the benefit of the doubt on a few things.
I came here mid-afternoon on a weekday (3PMish), so maybe they weren't staffed with their typical crew or something.  The dude at the counter was weird.  Awkward.  Like 14 year old boy trying to talk to a cute girl and having no clue what to say awkward.  Except he was like this with males and females, young and old.  It made ordering the food off-putting.  Also he couldn't add.  This warrants mentioning.
This guy did mention the Tasso ham sandwich was spicy when my girlfriend ordered it, but when asked HOW hot he meekly said something along the lines of it not being bad, so it was ordered.  Well it was spicy.  Really spicy.  I ended up having to take it from her because she couldn't handle it, and even I as someone who loves spicy food had a hard time stomaching the sandwich.  This is not to say it wasn't really good, but still.  Very spicy.
I had the Texas Brisket - also really good and not an assault on the mouth.  Both had nice, crisp paninis and were a good size for a filling meal.  Also had some mashed potatoes that we okay, but nothing special.
Definitely willing to try some more sandwiches here but for now with the odd service, fact the Tasso was too overpoweringly spicy (maybe it was a weak crew because of the time of day), and because nothing really stood out can't give this more than 3 stars.When I think about Plenty, the first word that comes to mind is quality.  Everything I saw on the menu was free range, organic, and grass-fed.  The sandwiches I've tried have all been delicious.  The service is prompt, courteous, and knowledgeable.  I always look forward to my next visit.  Plenty never disappoints.Something has changed since the last time I ate here.  I'm not a fan anymore.  The staff has changed, is it under new management/ownership?  The were very unfriendly..  I was scoffed at when asking for a high chair and told that they do not have them.  What restaurant doesn't have a high chair?  The Fountain has high chairs!  The food was not nearly as tasty either.  Won't be going back here anytime soon.Last night was officially my last trip to Plenty. Ever since they've gotten their liquor license and changed to a "bourgeois dinner" spot their service has gone straight into the toilet. I realize it's "Passyunk Avenue"--which is the new restaurant row--but this is still a neighborhood....and perhaps if the staff realized that and maybe stepped it up even one notch they wouldn't be practically empty every night of the week.
We went to enjoy their Tuesday night special after seeing it advertised on Instagram. When we arrived around 9pm (after leaving Le Virtu where we were having a FABULOUS time and absolutely regret leaving) we took a seat at the bar. We invited our Dad to meet us since he had just arrived from the West Coast to join us for a glass of vino. We were one of only 3 groups of people in the whole joint and the bartender/waitress seemed annoyed by our presence. I had been drinking red previously but asked if they had rose on draft and what it was like. The bartender offered me a taste...which I guess what you would describe the laughable droplet of liquid she provided. There wasn't even enough in the glass for me to wet my lips so ultimately my husband and I chose both of the reds and decided to figure it out from there. All 3 of our pours were so skimpy...below the line imprinted on the glass. Totally not worth the $9-12/glass they normally run if you ask me.
The tipping point, however, was after we asked for the check. After paying we sat for a few moments--only to be told at exactly 10:00 on the dot that they have new hours and that they're closed and we need to leave. WOW! Both other groups of people were still in the restaurant mind you--but we can take a hint! 
Honestly, this visit was debatably worse than the last time we were there...when the waiter was so high that he could not take our drink order successfully after 3 tries. For the price, Plenty is not worth it. The space is cool but the staff is straight up cold. Go somewhere else for sure!Stopped in early on a Sunday after tearing down old wood paneling in the house we just got in the neighborhood and grabbed a sandwich here. This place was awesome.  Fresh ingredients and the bread is nice and crispy.  I will be coming back.This place is absolutely money. It's so money it doesn't even know it. I've done business with the owners preciously but the food alone keeps you coming back. The decor is that of a passyunk hip coffee shop and the staff are friendly. Winner.I just tried Plenty for the first time tonight and I was delightedWorking at home gives you the opportunity to check all that Philadelphia has to offer ... With that said, Krista P and decided to check out Plenty last week for lunch.
My lunch was perfect... Clearly they make things with love here.
I had the Chicken Pesto Sandwich and it was amazeee. Very fresh bread, fresh ingredients. This is the type of place that I want to go to when I am looking for a quality sandwich with quality ingredients. artisan to be exact. 
Honestly I haven't spent a ton of time in this neighborhood, but I definitely need to come back to plenty... and the rest of the neighborhood too....Plenty has quickly become one of our favorite weekly coffee/breakfast/lunch/dinner spots and we have a lot of great things to say about them!
The staff are all polite although sometimes the wait time can exceed what most people would consider normal.  There is a sign on the door that they are hiring so I imagine that that has something to do with it. Doesn't bother us that much.
The food is fresh and consistent--which I should know since I think I have eaten 25+ Pesto Chicken Panino Sandwiches from there (including one tonight). We have also had the brisket, Pulled Pork, Salmon, Veggie, Korean Beef, Salads, and Pancakes. YUM!
Although the food is more expensive than most "delis", the fact that they accept Level Up is a huge bonus as far as we are concerned.  It's a BYOB so that helps and although we usually leave some type of tip it's not a typical sit down restaurant--more like a coffee shop/deli hybrid. Overall I would say it's well worth the $10 per sandwich when I consider that all of the ingredients are local, organic, etc. (or at least I think so...)
I've ordered several lattes and mochas and have only a few notes to make. I like to drink flavored lattes which is not exactly an option here (vanilla specifically). I also occasionally like whipped cream as opposed to typical milk or cream which is also not available. :( Oh well. It's not the end of the world. 
The only "major" complaint that I have (which is certainly not major) is that their to-go cups don't have lids...can be dangerous since it's always fresh, hot brew.
Overall I will give it 4 stars--even though I rave about it so much and go there so often that it's more like 4.5 (and I usually round up).I did come awhile back and the food here is good. Meatballs are good and the sandwiches are decent. Coffee is good. Most of their items are precooked and reheated to order.
Place is clean. Spacious and bright. Parking is metered outside.Ever since I heard about Plenty opening, I've been meaning to stop in. Tonight, my fiance and I finally went over for some grab and go dinner.
The menu, in my opinion, is a perfect size.  A few sandwiches, a couple of salads, and a bunch of premade main courses and side dishes.  My fiance went with the Texas Brisket Panini and I went with the grilled chicken with fennel and peccorino, with a side of roasted brussel sprouts and mashed potatoes and a piece of cornbread (I was hungry).
It was delicious!  The chicken had a nice sweet and savory taste.  The mashed potatoes were so creamy.  The brussel sprouts were also delicious.  And it was the perfect portion of everything!  I tried a bite of the panini and it was also very good.  
The total for both of us was $20 and it was about a 15 minute wait after ordering our food (for the panini to be made and the meal to be heated up).
Plenty is a great addition to EPX-- we needed an upscale deli that is open after 5 pm!  I recommend it for anyone who likes quality food fast.Tasso Ham Sandwich.... A friend recommended it when I mentioned I was headed there for lunch.  The nice worker man who took my order recommended it...  thanks to both of you for changing my life with that sandwich.  
Go there.  Eat the Tasso.  You won't regret it.  Or I guess you can get something else - it all looked fantastic, but I can't yet comment on the life-changing-ness of the rest of the menu.If you want a quality sandwhich without much hassle, this is the place.  Think of it as gourmet take out with super friendly service.My father has a problem. A SANDWICH problem.
Over a year ago, while my Dad was visiting me on a day trip, I took him for a walk all through Passyunk, my hood. We popped into Plenty, which was then a relatively new and awesome Food Joint that was doing beautiful prepared foods, sandwiches and paninis theat would knock your block off, and WowCow ice cream (which is of Little Baby's level). My Dad loves 2 things besides me: hot dogs (for christmas I got him a hot dog tasting "tour", buying up links from 4 different gourmet butchers throughout Philadelphia), and sandwiches. This, I do not understand and have learned not to think too hard about, but I WILL indulge his fetish.. He is not a foodie by any stretch, but when he listens to my own foodie geek suggestions, he ends up happy in the mouth AND the tummy, and gets really hyped about stuff he digs. So, something about the Tasso Ham panini on Plenty's menu caught his eye. I chose to drag him in here rather than any of the other Passyunk Ave, choices honestly because I had a crush on the guy working behind the counter. But my Dad, who isn't accustomed to paying $9 for a sandwich, went CRAZY for this goddamn ham. He raved about it like it had come to his house, knocked on his door,  and gave him a massage. Exactly one week later when he traveled to my apt. from NY again, he asked if we could take a walk to get another sandwich. 
            He then proceeded to extol the praises of his sandwich and of the shop in general to the guy I had goo goo eyes for. I timed his soliloquy; he yapped for 7 minutes nonstop, deterring customers behind him, explaining how "we don't have sandwich shops like this in NY; even the Jewish Delis with the sandwiches big as your head - they got NOTHIN' on this..." and I was mortified but entertained. I let go of the idea of EVER having a date with this guy, even though I HAD dropped off my number earlier like a smooth operator. 
            Now, a year later, Plenty has changed ownership but has kept everything the same.....EXCEPT they've added a coffee bar and breakfast! M-Fing BREAKFAST, biotch!!!! It's a small and concise menu, b-fast sandwiches from $5-7, the high end boasting a smoked brisket w/ eggs. You heard me. La Colombe rounds it out, and after visiting to test this new addition the other day, I was reminded how awesome Plenty is. 
           Last night, approaching the early evening, my Dad reminded me that he hadn't eaten all day. I knew he'd be dropping me off soon and I offered to sing by Hot Diggity. He said "Nah, nah. I'm ok..." but I felt bad and was determined to have him leaving Philadelphia satiated. I called up Plenty at 10 to 8, and after realizing I had 10 minutes to act, I asked if it would be ok if I ordered the Ham. They were totally cool and not bothered by my tardiness and when we swung through a I went in, the man working (so handsome - new crush here) remembered me and poo pooed my apologies for holing up their closing time. I briefly told him of my father's ham passion, and hurried out spewing 'thank you's' as I exited, triumphantly hoisting the sandwich like the Stanley Cup.
            .....AND that concludes this episode of "Sandwich Stories".Pretty space but clearly a little infatuated with itself. Expensive for what it is but at least the food was tasty. 
Cashier/server/barista had a lot of trouble understanding my order and seemed overworked and *over it*, but got it done after the initial confusion. 
It wasn't​ very busy, and I get the impression you should avoid if crowded. 
Glad to have tried it but wouldn't be my first choice for a return trip.I just had lunch with a friend, I got the Nicoise  sandwich & she got the Parma. Both were good the bread & ingredients were fresh and tasty.  I think they could be a little  more generous with the side salad but overall no complaints.  I would definitely go back again for a casual lunch.High quality,  locally sourced food. Makes me happy they make sandwiches without the bread if you want. The tuna salad was elegant and delicious.Coffee and dessert review.  The coffee and tea selection are pretty limited.  The coffee wasn't worth $4.5.  The roast and quality wasn't something noticeable.  We also had a pistachio cake which sounds really great from the waiter but I wasn't impressed at all.I came here for a late lunch with a couple of friends; at 2:30, the lunch crowd had fortunately trickled away. Nevertheless, we weren't greeted at the door so we sat ourselves and ordered at the counter, which is what we assumed we had to do, though no one told us. Water was self-serve but no ice was provided, which would have been fine except that the cashier/barista at the counter actually provided menus and iced water to people who walked in well after us.
The meal was very pricey for the quantity and was not satisfying for someone accustomed to the large portions provided at many brunch places in Philly. The food itself was good (I ordered a pork belly hash); however, it was simply too little to satisfy my appetite, and I left feeling like I was hungrier than when I walked in. Additionally, while my food arrived in a normal timeframe, my friend waited twice as long for a simple chicken sandwich. 
All in all, the food was not good enough to merit its price and limited portion size and the service (or lack thereof) did not give me reason to feel that this cafe deserved a higher rating. I would not recommend (Not So) Plenty Cafe as there are infinitely better brunch spots in Philly.We had a wonderful, filling and colorful meal! We had avocado toast hat was delicious, a perfectly balanced and topped oatmeal, the fresh and healthy Tel Aviv salad and two breakfast sandwiches. All were the PERFECT portions for brunch. Our almond milk chai teas were in bright orange mugs and saucers which we loved and they were warm and delicious. These NYC brunchers were thoroughly impressed!Easily my favorite place to eat in South Philly.  I've had the Pulled Pork with oregano barbeque sauce and cheddar, the hot meatball sandwich,  texas Brisket Panini, and the Free Range Chicken Salad w/ dried cranberries, celery, whole grain mustard, mayo, romaine.  Everything has been consistent and delicious.  Only thing I dislike is that they are closed on Sundays.Outstanding.  Great to have thoughtfully prepared delivery food that isn't greasy and loaded with carbs like the usual delivery options in this neighborhood.Their sandwiches are consistently delicious, and I love their old-school coffee rewards system.  The people who work here have to be the host, the barista, and in the kitchen which is definitely a lot for one person to handle!  I have waited for a bit longer than I'd like before, but for my perfectly prepared latte and mouthwatering brisket sandwich it is well worth the wait.  Management should give the workers the tools to serve customers a bit more efficiently.  I come about once a week, great place to work on your laptop as well!So I had to do some laundry down the street and had some time to kill and I was hungry. I looked up some places and this was the winner according to Yelp and my friend said it was pretty good. 
It was empty inside so it gave me a chance to look around and take in the neat decor, the counter was the coolest!! After asking what the best selling sandwich I decided to go the chicken pesto. It was very good, the chicken was shredded which was nice to find in a sandwich. The only thing I didn't like about it was that there was no choice in bread, just white rolls. The bread was pretty good though! I also grabbed some cole slaw as I've been on a kick lately. It was just okay, kind of bland. 
They had a full coffee bar which I'm looking forward to going back and trying. Also, I noticed there was wifi. There were a few tables inside and outside and I will definitely be going back to study! 
As for the service, I give it 5 stars! I was lucky enough to meet the owner who was very helpful. He carried good conversation while ringing me out and was genuinely interested in what I had to say. It's always nice to go into a place that feels like you know the person and they actually care versus just want your business.I love this place. It's a great little cafe to pop in for brunch, coffee/tea, or takout. I love their Parfait, my boyfriend has had sandwiches and other things that have been good. We got take out for dinner that was pretty good and they have delicious baked items. I a frequent customer...for sure.The Smoked Salmon sandwich (on ciabatta with scrambled eggs, caramelized onions, and dill cream) was out of this world! The service was also excellent and I really enjoyed the atmosphere.We were looking for a place that used fresh ingredients and we found it. I ordered the Palermo, which was a salad with baby kale, figs, almonds, sauteed veggies. My boyfriend ordered the New Orleans (smoked ham, sliced apples,fig jam, on baguette). He ordered his because it was listed on the menu board that it won 'Best of Philly 2014'.. and it most definitely lived up to that rating. Both items actually exceeded expectations.
I am a vegetarian and I still thought his smoked Tasso ham sandwich smelled delicious. My salad had fresh, crisp greens and I loved the figs that came on it, they were truly the highlight of the plate. 
We plan on coming back in to try more of the items available and I think it is great that they had a pretty wide variety of vegan and vegetarian options and even offered substitutes of hummus or tapenade on a sandwich or two to make it vegan. They also have a full espresso bar along with an assortment of teas, cold or hot brewed from what I could tell.
The atmosphere was artsy and hipster, it was very clean and pristine inside, and it was pretty cool that they offered juices made at a local juice bar in south Philly for sale in bottles along with hummus and other takeout items to grab if you are looking for a quick, healthy option.
The only thing I didn't like was that the counter employee was also making the food and drinks, so he was running around hectically when we ordered. He did an amazing job multitasking but I felt bad for the guy running around. I'm sure it's hard on a weekday to have enough people on hand without overstaffing though.
Overall, Plenty is a great, healthy location to stop by and try something new!Stopped in here yesterday with a friend to have breakfast. We both ordered the pancetta hash topped with eggs. My friend had ciabatta with hers (that's how it is designed) and I opted for multi-grain toast. I also asked that the green peppers be omitted. There was no problem with either of my requests, the server was friendly and obliging.
My friend ordered tea, I had a latte, which was well-made. I also picked up what Plenty calls a French Puff, which tasted very much like cake donut batter baked in a muffin cup, then rolled in cinnamon sugar (if you've ever had one, they are delicious). It was light and tender and moist.
The restaurant is very clean. I will definitely return.I have to update this again, just to say that Plenty's "Porketta" sandwich is a goddamn revelation.  Fatty pork with fennel and leek with a very garlicky aioli.  What I like about this place is that they really go for the bold flavors.  This is perhaps the best sandwich I've had in all of Philadelphia, hoagies be damned.
The Porketta is not a sandwich you want to get to go and eat in the car.  It's full of wonderful grease and fat and I spilled some on my nice jeans and it didn't quite come out in the wash.  I hope it will after another washing, but I don't regret ordering the thing.i think it's really cool that Plenty got their beer and liquor licenses. their food has always been pretty good. it's definitely not standard diner fare. it's more like if you were to pick a few ingredients from all over the world and pair them with some comfort food, that would be Plenty's menu. have a good beer and wine selection just makes it a place you can stay and spend some time at. they have coffee and breakfast food too. it's literally the only coffee shop i will eat at. i've always found coffee shop food to be tasteless, stale, and boring. Plenty's breakfast menu is on point though. i definitely recommend the chorizo hash. 
the only problem with Plenty is the shit service. it's like when they went from coffee shop to regular restaurant, the changes overwhelmed some of the staff members. service is always friendly, but god damn slow. one time my waiter even forgot to put my order in, then when i asked him about it some 30 minutes later, he rushed back "to check on it" which really just  meant that he hadn't put the order in and just told the cook. he ended up giving me my appetizers for free, but still...
anything you order at the counter will be quick. anything at a table will likely require you to remind your server, and ask them the status of your food. other than that, everything tastes great. i recommend the Barcelona sandwich.I don't know how I've never left a review of Plenty before. I've never had a sandwich from here that I didn't like. I do think the prices are steep. My absolute favorite sandwich is the New Orleans. I order this for delivery a lot too. The device here is fine. It's a cafe more than anything so it's not fine dining or anything but the food is high quality. I also like the ricotta toast with peaches, mint, honey, and pistachio. 
Definitely worth a visit if you're looking for a pleasant lunch spot on Passyunk. The outdoor seating is pretty nice also.This was a find.  We were walking along Passyunk Avenue on a Sunday and many of the restaurants were closed during the day - we happened along this place and we're so happy we did.  Fun ambience - very casual, but nice bar stools at the open window facing the street.  One of the most delicious mozzarella/tomato/pesto sandwich I've ever had.  Really scrumptious.  Worth going just for that.Love this place for delivery.  Great food and amazing quality.  biggest perk is that they deliver to your door.  Once of the best Turkey Hoagies and Mac and Cheese dishes.This is an update to a previous review. They have really gone out of their way to respond to customer feedback and have improved some of the average options. Way to go! 
Guaranteed good lunch!!!I just love it when you go somewhere thinking *I just need to eat. I sorta don't care if it's good or not,* and then the place is really good. That's exactly what happened when we grabbed a late lunch here. It's a deli setup, but there's a large table to sit and eat. The employees were all super nice, and the food was so tasty. I got their tasso ham sandwich with Cajun mayo. I'm used to my heritage namesake being spuriously added to almost anything, but this mayo was h-o-t! My friends all loved their sandwiches and soups. The food is fresh, the cooks clearly care about their ingredients & customers, and the prices aren't that bad!Read about it on Yelp. Tried it and it is great. Fabulous sandwiches, maybe a little pricey,but definitely worth it. I've had the tasso ham and cheese and the BBQ sandwich;both excellent.Mouth watering and satisfying fresh food with a smile. Making this place one of my favorite stops when I am out and about.Solid coffee, espresso, and teas.
Been here a lot and haven't been disappointed by any of the food. The Tell Aviv salad and Barcelona sandwich are both great, for example. And they'll accommodate you well if you'd like to sub out bread for greens. It's easy to get food to-go, too. And I almost forgot to recommend the apple cake.
Staff is always cool. Sometimes I have to order at the counter, sometimes staff will come to me. Coffee refills technically aren't free, but they're often missing from my bill. :~)
Fair amount of seating and it's alright for getting work done, but only two spots have outlet access. Ask for the free WiFi password. Protip: the stools in the front by the window screw up or down to adjust height
It's easy to rack up a bill here but it's usually justified by the food, coffee, and easy atmosphere.Great for a quick, tasty lunch. Sat outside with the dog. $8 for a bean quesadilla and a bottle o water. Yum.I've been here before and have enjoyed their sandwiches but my most recent trip was SO disappointing, had I not gotten it to go and been in a rush I'd have sent it back.
The egg white sandwich I ordered was advertised as having "grilled vegetables" on it. For close to $9, I was expecting something more than a food truck level breakfast sandwich. There were a few scraps of onion but not much else going on. Super let down.