Came here with a few friends during University City Dining Days and had a great time! 
The vibe/look of the place is so cool. Very different, unique and something you just have to experience. ESPECIALLY the bathrooms - that's all I'm saying. 
As for the food - some stuff was great, others blew me away! The Chicken Lettuce wraps are delish! The pork dumplings are good ,but the wraps were better. The shrimp tempura roll was good - not the best I've ever had, but solid! The Shrimp Pad Thai was great - a little spicy, which i wasn't expecting, usually that's very sweet for me - but still very good! And a good size portion too! My friends got the New York Strip and it was great - came with some sort of fried potato ball, which is weird, but also really good! 
Then came desert....each one was, for lack of a better word, weirder than the next, but also better than the last! I started with the HALO HALO BREAD PUDDING. No idea what to tell you this is but you have to try it, if you're adventurous! And like purple deserts! The cardamom fudge brownie was also great, and very interesting....but the sorbet stole the show. Weird saying that as that's usually juts an add on desert item, but it was delicious! 
For Dining Days this is a great deal - we left with lots of to go bags, and full belly's, and loved it all!A 2-word description of this place: "Morimoto Lite." Clean, colorful, modern atmosphere. Tried the eel roll, veggie tempura, double duck noodle bowl, lamb lo mein & a dessert of which I cannot remember. Service was good, food was decent- expensive yet worthy. (I am a huge fan of Morimoto's restaurant.)The environment is not welcoming because it feels pretentious, but the service was very good. The aesthetic is very futuristic. This is a nice place to go if you want to try something fancy, but portions are a bit small. 
I ordered the tofu lettuce rap. The tofu was cooked with some sweet and salty sauce on the outside. I did not like this item and it was hard to eat because you had to eat it with your hands. It was made vegetarian for me. 
The second item I ordered was eggplant on a skewer. This item was very delicious. It had a smoked taste and great presentation. 
Although this place is a bit pricey, it was worth going for the experience. Tip: ask for tap water if you don't want to be charged for the bottled water. We did not realize the place would charge us $6.50 for the Aquafina water we did not even finish.I've been here 3 or 4 times and am writing based on my most recent visit.   Generally I enjoy my trip to POD and usually sit in the "POD" areas where they have colorful lights you can change which is a lot of fun for the group.   It can take some time to get your eyes used to the changes however. 
We had dinner on a Monday night.   The restaurant wasn't very busy yet service was still slow.  It took about 15 minutes to get seated (even though we had a reservation), 15 minutes for our server to show up to the table, and 15 minutes to get our drink order in.  Luckily we weren't in a huge rush.  We did have to get up after we were seated to go find our server.   She was chatting with the bartender most of the night.
We decided to go with the tasting menu for 5...even though there were 7 of us.   There was still WAY to much food.   Not a huge problem from a customer standpoint, but you are full before the entrées even come to the table.  
Even though we were spending almost $400 on dinner, we barely saw our server.   She came.  We were never asked for drink refills until dessert.   I sat most of the night w/ an empty beer glass.   It blows my mind when servers don't want to build up tip money.
The food was decent, there was just too much of it.   I wouldn't recommend the tasting menu.   Too much food.   No place to put it on the table.  You see the bus boy more than you see the server.  I'll probably skip POD in the future.  Nothing spoils a business meeting more than being angry that the server isn't at your table enough to attend to your clients needs.Had an amazing meal here tonight with friends.
For our appetizers: 
-Pork belly buns
-lettuce wrap with chicken
-Pork dumplings
Of the three, my favorite was the buns and the runner up was the dumplings. Highly suggest both
For second course: 
-Sushi and sashimi plate
-lobster pod roll
-white tiger roll
I think the hands down winner was the lobster pod roll, but the platter would be a great choice to share between two or more people. It gives you a lot of different things to try so you get a good basis on what flavors you like.
Third course: 
-caterpillar roll
-a secret cream cheese roll. Ask about it
I thought both were OK, with the caterpillar roll being better, but they both weren't as good as the lobster pod. 
Dessert: 
-salted caramel chocolate cake
-spring rolls
These were both on desserts. I was told that the donuts address the way to go here, but, alas, we didn't get them. Go for those of you get the chance. 
Overall, one of the best meals I've had in a while and definitely a place I will be back to. Thanks Zach and Steven Starr for another amazing meal!Pod was such a unique experience. The setting, the lights, and the vibe were all pretty cool. We ordered the pork belly buns, lettuce wraps, and Korean Spade ribs. The portion size is small, but the food was beyond delicious. For dessert, we decided to try the mochi ice cream and the halo halo bread pudding. The mochi at Pod is by far the best mochi I have ever tried! It was so soft and flavorful. The halo halo bread pudding was different, not what we're used to. The bread pudding was the good part, everything was simply okay. 
Overall, highly recommend the pork belly buns, lettuce wraps, and mochi ice cream!The sushi is excellent here and not overpriced. Great place to take fellow diners that don't like sushi/"ew its raw fish!!"...there are many items to choose from to fit all types of palates. 
The decor is weird but whatever. It is slightly distracting to see UPenn kids bring their out of towner parents to the most "far out" restaurant in West Philly. I have overheard many "this is what its like on a spaceship" comments. ugh 
My favorite part of this restaurant is the martinis you order by color. I've had them all and the Blue is my favorite. Green is a close second. Pink is also good. hahahawe stopped by mid- afternoon to avoid the dinner chaos.
Good location, excellent service, gorgeous interior, and super fresh food.
Attention to detail in every aspect!  Love this place!One word: Sucked. Seriously I've had gas station sushi that was better than this. The Uncle Owen homestead look is cool for five seconds but Id rather drink blue milk than go back to this faux hip Starr restaurant. Boo!!Thanks, Pod, for making eating here such a delight for a vegan like me! I am so happy with the amount of choices that I can make on the menu, and the fact that they will make a few things vegan for me upon request! 
When I ate here a couple of weeks ago, I told my server I was vegan, so she made sure to veganize my side order of roasted asparagus (I think it normally has fish sauce in it or something). It was quite delicious, as was the Vegan Stephen sushi. I almost sent it back because I thought it was fish when it arrived. The tomato looks suspiciously like raw salmon! But, no, all vegan here, and full of fresh vegetables and stuffed with tempura'd veggies. Delicious! 
For lunch today, I decided to go with an old standby: tofu lettuce wraps. These are very decadent. Deep fried tofu in a sweet and savory Asian sauce, with sprouts and onions, a side of peanutty sauce and some fresh butter lettuce leaves. I love that you can roll them up yourself. Fun lunch. And delicious. Thanks, Pod!Excellent atmosphere and food quality.  The lobster rolls were fantastic. Also enjoyed the wasabi filet and sea bass.   Service was great as well.  Definitely great for date night.  Also the Bok Choy, Pad Thai, and chicken pot stickers were very good as well.My son requested I review this place and give it five stars. We had a delicious meal and will be back again. Really enjoyed the rocking spicy tuna. Very trendy and modern atmosphere.Been here several times for evening receptions that served the usual sushi maki rolls and apps in small portions.  Finally came here for lunch and still just Mehhhhh.  Sushi combo for $16 is so overpriced for the 5-6 nigiri and 4 pieces of caifornia roll and no miso soup, no japanese salad.  TONS of salt on the edamame (that by itself, was cooked well).  The green tea for $4 is worth it--not your typical Japanese green tea tho (has moroccan mint + jasmine).  This place is "anglosized" through and through.  That's not a bad thing, it's just not an authentic Japanese restaurant.  Perhaps the 18 pieces that come with the $14 maki combo is worth it...the udon noodles w/ tofu looked so bland and lifeless.  Most ppl were ordering the $14 lunch special "bento boxes".
The atmosphere was great though, totally packed from wall to wall with Wharton students, Wharton professors, professionals in the area...felt very much like the NYC business lunches that a lot of us left for grad school!Wow, now that was fun.  On a business trip and staying at the Inn at the Penn, downstairs is this very unique restaurant.  The interior is decorated with techno cubes and modules (sort of reminded of Tetris).  All it needed was loud techno music to complete the picture.  But what you get inside is friendly, attentive service, and great food (and no loud techno music either).  I had the spicy tuna topped by huge rock shrimp and the pork buns - wonderfully prepared and very tasty.  All accompanied by shirakabe gura tokubetsu sake.  Drop by this restaurant if you have the chance and want a unique and pleasant experience.  
Oh and if you're old school anime fan, Kimba the White Lion plays continuously behind the sushi bar.  How do you beat that!?Visited here last night for dinner, we enjoyed our dinning experience. The service was excellent, the decor reminds me of an Austin Powers movie. I felt energized with the usage of orange in their decor which also softened the stark white of some furniture and walls and concrete floors.
For starters we had the Crab Spring Rolls, yummy!!! It wasn't to heavy, great flavor - my friend loved it so much that he wanted to place another order of them.   My entree was the SHRIMP  PAD THAI, great flavor and the portions allowed for leftovers the next day - they were able to adjust it so that it wasn't spicy (thank u!!!).  He had the MACADAMIA CHICKEN STIR-FRY, he loved it - enough for leftovers. 
Just when I thought it couldn't get any better, we had dessert - we had the Mochi Ice Cream, OMG - it was like nothing I ever had. The outside rice like shell with the creamy filling, we ordered the green tea, mango and passion fruit.  I want to go back again just so I can have the Mochi dessert again!!!The decor is great, the food was good, the lighting heavenly. The sexy sleek look of Pods interior would impress any out of town visitors or dates. 
But what dazzled me about this beauty were its restrooms. John, shitter, WC, or loo, Pod's bathrooms are proof of gods love of humans. These amazing unisex stalls are spacious enough for u-n-i-sex ;).  How progressive that men, womyn, trans, and intersex, can all share the same queue without waiting in inequitably long lines. This is also a great convo topic to chat up some eye candy in line. 
My mother always says that the quality of a restaurant's bathroom will tell you about the cleanliness of its kitchen. Considering I felt like i could have comfortably eaten in those neon stalls, I think that is the highest compliment I can give pod. :)The design is cool and they have the gimmick of this "pod" table, which looks like fun if you are the one party lucky enough to be in there. But they are skating on style and too dumb to even realize that they have no substance. Our service was inexplicably terrible, for which they apologized and reduced our check (when it was pointed out that they had not cleared one dirty dish during our entire meal). But more importantly, the food was underwhelming. Chicken lettuce wraps tasted like a frozen tv dinner. The rolls hadn't quite figured out what they were trying to be. Tuna tartare with puffed rice -- trendy ingredients that just didn't come together into something that tasted good.I came all the way from North Jersey to try this place, expecting something different.
I was disappointed at how limited the menu was, I was definitely expecting more options for sushi rolls. The steamed pork belly rolls were good, but nothing spectacular. The ramen was okay, nothing worth bringing home. Our server probably came over twice, once to introduce himself and take our order and the second time to bring out check, the rest was taken care of by food runners/bussers.
The drinks were good and the decor is obviously what separates this place from other Asian style restaurants, but overall our meals were not better than anything we've had in NJ.Went to Pod for dinner on a Tuesday night.  It was fairly busy, but not crowded.  We were able to get seated right away.  We had a sushi combo that included tuna, yellowtail, and salmon sashimi as well as a spicy tuna roll and a yellowtail + scallion roll.  Nice presentation and tasty.  We also had the seafood fried rice (lobster, shrimp, and scallops), which was really good.  We were interested in trying something from the Japanese grill, so we had the grilled corn as well.  I wasn't a huge fan of the spices used, but it was interesting to try.  The cocktails we tried were OK, but not our taste -- a little overly sweet. 
The service was some of the best in the city.  Both the hostess that sat us and our server were kind, attentive, and energetic.  There are several other restaurants I'd like to try before coming back here for a meal, but the fantastic service will definitely bring me back for appetizers or a drink if I'm in the area.What a fun place to dine!  Comically small bright red lounge couches, futuristic airline-style bathrooms, conveyor belt of what looks to be cryogenically encased sushi, tableside chopstick grilling - definitely come here on a first date or maybe just for a fun happy hour with coworkers!
Came here with friends for the University City Dining Days for the $35 per person meal and the sheer amount of food and quality definitely did not disappoint.  Would I visit here at regular prices?  Only for the sushi and trendy bar atmosphere, maybe.  And a dessert or two (I'll get to that later).
I should mention our server was really friendly, on point, and explained the menu in detail to us and answered all of our questions.  Stephen Starr's choice of server for this restaurant seems to be tall, lean, bearded or with a man bun.  Not hating it.
For starters, we tried the pork dumplings and the chicken lettuce wraps.  The dumplings and their soy dipping sauce were tasty but fried and, thus, very heavy as an appetizer and too filling to preface the rest of my meal.  The chicken lettuce wraps were very delicious and fresh (and in a large portion), but I have a hatred towards DIY, deconstructed hipster presentation, which is how that was served.  
Sushi rolls came out second/same time as the apps, which was a little weird, but was definitely my favorite dish of the night.  I'm a sushi sucker, and the jumbo lump crabmeat California roll did not disappoint and was SUPER fresh - if I come back here, I'm only ordering sushi and cocktails (for a Monday, we decided to forego the alcohol).  Friends got the shrimp tempura, which I actually wasn't crazy about since it had some sort of weird curry spice.
For entrees, we got the shrimp pad thai and New York Strip.  Pad thai was bangin' with a little spicy kick and just overall uber flavorful - kicking myself for not ordering that.  The NY Strip was, as expected from an Asian fusion joint, not ideal.  I should've went with my gut on this one.  
Not that it was bad, it was just kinda meh in flavor and execution.  For one, our friend got her shrimp pad thai a full 5-10 minutes before our steaks.  Second, the two of us both ordered it medium rare - my friend's came out medium, gradually turning to medium well, and mine came out rare, gradually turning to medium rare).  I guess the cut of meat was disproportionate, hence the uneven temperatures.  I like some meats on the rare-ish side, but I was still a tiny bit skeptical since it was very sinewy to chew and less than room temperature in the middle, so I ended up eating the medium rare half and saving the rare half for leftovers to cook a little more.  Also, more hipsterness, it was served pre-cut on a bamboo leaf placed upon a bamboo mat placed upon a concrete plate.  Like, just give me the damn plate so I can cut through all that rareness.  However, the chimichurri-type sauce on top was delicious, as were the weird lightly fried balls of potatoes with wasabi mayo.
Dessert was the most fun.  The bright purple bread pudding came with a disclaimer from our server, who informed us that it's made out of purple Japanese sweet potatoes, and came atop a bed of a creamy milk and fruity pebble mixture and topped with some sort of purple ice cream - weird AF, but nice and spongy, decadent, delicious and with a hint of coconut (I think).  Brownie with cardamom ice cream was DELICIOUS and the citrusy sauce helped cut the richness perfectly.  Best was the trio of sorbet I got: melon, blueberry and raspberry - everyone agreed that was the tastiest dessert: fresh, fruity and light and the perfect way to end the meal.
Overall, Starr Restaurants (IMHO) run the gamut from outstanding to not great at all to trying too hard.  This was somewhere between trying a bit too hard and very good, so I plan on definitely giving it another chance, hipster Technicolor kitsch aside.Starr's pan Asian restaurant near the Penn campus is a great mix of Asian cuisines with fresh ingredients. You are struck by the white furnishings as you walk in, and the funky lights offer a scene that I'm sure was cutting edge a few years ago. The place looks a little passe now, but that doesn't affect the food. The sushi is high quality and there are ample selections of dim sum, more "traditional" chinese dishes, and a few other asian dishes such as crab pad thai. The food was great, well prepared, and bursting with flavor. The miso seabass was so soft it melted off my chopsticks. Pod has many innovative takes on more traditional dishes like mushroom dumplings in a marsala like sauce and the aforementioned crab pad thai. I wasn't thrilled with the dessert menu but the wait staff let us try a small portion of the toffee-chocolate bread pudding, which was incredible. The worst part of the restaurant was trying to figure out what to order since the menu is so good. The truth be told though, the worst part of the Pod is the prices which are very high even for the large portions. Service was extremely attentive, there are a large selection of cocktails and wine as well.Here in a large group wait staff is lacking I ordered the beef ramon and it has to be the worse beef I have ever ate thought it was going to be beef slices but turns out to be nasty ground beef ballsI wanna give it a 3.5. I did enjoy my time here (I wasn't the one paying though - maybe I wouldn't have if that were the case). The sushi was good, not memorable. Their mochi ice cream was amazing though. And they have great service.Service was excellent. Decor and Atmosphere was really fun and contemporary. The food was delicious. If you come to Philly, you need to check it out.I've been on a Steven Starr kick recently, so when my Mom came into town, wanting to take me out, I decided to pick A restaurant that has easy enough parking, was expensive, but not too expensive, and a place that I've never been to. Pod, here we come.
Upon entering, I was instantly impressed with the decor. All of the Starr restaurants that I've been to have a cool feeling, with Pod opting for neon lights, smooth flowing curves on all surfaces (chairs and ceiling included). Anime was playing on a screen in the background.
There were three crowds: preppy college studs enjoying happy hour, small parties sitting around the long table with a built in conveyor belt on which small sushi dishes circulate, and small parties at tables.
The service wasn't great, but I'm convinced that had mostly to do with our particular server, and was not representative of the restaurant as a whole. The menu has a not so varied far of Japanese, Chinese, and Thia dishes, sort of all combined. They use wasibi often and liberally, steer clear if you don't like it. I had the shrimp and scallop stiryfry. I liked my dish bestout of the rest at our table (Wasibi crusted filet mingnon, seseme crusted tuna, and veggie pad thia).
Dessert was the best part, the sweet 18, which had 9 different bite sized desserts; coconut macaroon, chocolate covered banana, candied apricot, tofu donut, brownie bite, ect. Two of each, and perfect for a party of four.
In the end, dinner was good, the place was kind of cool, but I just can't recommend it. If you're going to spend that kind of money, they're are many other places.Well...
The GOOD:
I'll start by saying the food was TASTY, slightly overpriced for SMALLISH ENTREES. Chicken lettuce wraps, yum. Shrimp pad thai, yum. Salad with fresh spring mix lettuce greens, yum.  Appetizers ok priced. My teenage daughter and her friend had a GENEROUS bowl of miso soup with micro cubes of tofu in it. They have a tasting menu offered on the standard menu, one at $45 and one for $60 I believe which is nice.
The BAD: (and I mean REALLY BAD!)-the WAITRESS KATIE!!!
the waitress was truly the WORST I've ever had. She came to the table WITHOUT an enthusiastic greeting.   BUT when we needed some guidance with ordering, she was QUICK to be IRRITATED and RUDE, and to blow off her duties of hospitality and service as 1) SHE SNIPPED, "you want me to give you a few more minutes to work this out???!!!!". 
It was a Wednesday nite at 8:30, so there wasn't a crowd.  And the silly minimum of 6 people to a pod (we had 5!) shouldn't be an issue when catering to a new customer visiting from out-of-town on a non-busy evening, c'mon.  
But, as it was, there were MORE HORRIBLE SARCASTIC REMARKS from KATIE, the WAITRESS.   2)when we told katie we asked another employee to help us get the iced tea we ordered 15 minutes earlier, trying to guide her to that girl, she BARKED, "there are a LOT of females that work here!!", implying 'how the hell am I supposed to know which girl you talked to!'.  
And 3)when we FINALLY got our entrees, which seemed to take a while, and after we had to REMIND ANOTHER waiter that we never received our sushi appetizers, our AWFUL, INATTENTIVE waitress KATIE finally came by and instead of asking how we liked our foods, she SNIPPED YET AGAIN!!, "well then, I'll get out of you way and let you to it!!!".  SOME NERVE she had. 
so, RUDENESS by WAITRESS caused a potential perfect meal, into a BIG 2 star BUMMER!!  Inappropriate comments made us feel UNCOMFORTABLE and DISPLEASED.  will not rush to ever return.During my first year in grad school at Penn, I lived in one of the towers across the street from Pod. I used to meet people there occasionally, only actually eating there a handful of times. The food wasn't bad, but it wasn't remarkable, either - especially given the price tag.
If you're the type to want to hang out there, you won't care what anyone writes about it - forgive my heavy-handedness, but it was usually packed with the douchey-est subset of Penn undergrads you could imagine, probably fresh out of the Urban Outfitters around the corner and sporting their parents' Amex. I am getting chills just picturing it.
I gave it an extra star just for having bathrooms I'd imagine having sex in. I mean, if I were the type. Just sayin'.I went to Pod tonight during the snowstorm with my roommate. I live real close to this place... so I've been here a few times already and haven't had a bad experience, but I'll only write about my experience from tonight's visit. 
Tonight I had a tuna-cucumber maki, which was really good. The tuna had so much flavor to it! I was a happy camper. My roommate got the shrimp tempura roll and she said it was pretty good. We also got chicken lettuce wraps and seafood fried rice, both delicious and light so it was perfect next to the maki. The peanut sauce that came with the lettuce wraps was sweet and perfect on top of the chicken.  The seafood fried rice had chunks of lobster and scallops in it and I could not stop eating it. It was a large size too, between the two of us we only got through half of it, so of course we got it wrapped up to take home! 
Our waiter was nice and really helpful with the menu. I think he was wearing like a shimmer lip gloss.
And of course, the atmosphere is cool, we sat at a 2 person table that is up against the wall on the side of the restaurant. I have never sat in the pods but I feel like they would give me a headache. 
The price wasn't bad, because we didn't get one of the main dishes. It came to like 25 for each of us. Not too shabby!I came from Miami to visit my sister in Philadelphia
She suggested coming to Pod would be a good idea
Since she knows I love anything that has to do with Asia
I said, okay, it better be good or.. see ya!
And she said, trust me, everyone in Miami will want to be ya
It's kind of expensive, but I can't complain about their shrimp tempura
The waiter was really nice, and would show up like abracadabra!
The place looked really modern, like movies The 5th Element, Tron...etcetera
I guess the only thing missing was a capybara in a fedora
I'm just kidding, ha ha
Til next time, Philadelphia, sayonara!Tonight's hostess must have had a bad day. It's either been a bad day or bitchy resting face. Very unpleasant. Food was great as always. The rest of the staff very friendly.Great place to go to celebrate. The environment looks like a futuristic scene from the 90s but the food is timeless. Half the menu is for sushi, the other half for cooked food. 
I say come here for celebration because you will be prepared to spend money. The price is fair for the amazing quality of food and I wasn't feeling any regrets about the portion size. I tried both the sushi and cooked items from the menu. I recommend the spider roll and lettuce wraps. Washed it down with a Sake Mojito. 
I would love to come here again and try more.Loved Pod, It was my first time there. The place was packed as usual. Make a reservation, if you're going with a large party. Great for after hours or lunch with a friend, which I did that day. I ate at the Sushi bar, which has sushi rotating on a conveyor belt on the table that you can grab and sample, prices vary for each sample by the plate color from I think $2-$6, the chart is on the tables. Very Very good. I think I'll go back just for the sushi bar and drinks. I had the macadamian nut chicken, it wasn't my favorite but it was one of their more popular dishes. I preferred the chicken and shrimp egg roll appetizer in wasabi mustard, my mouth waters just thinking about how good that was mmmmmmm. So yes Pod I'll be back and excellent excellent waitress service the bartenders could be more attentive, but i understand it was very very busy in there. Kudos to them as well.My boyfriend and I went there for Valentines Day.The decor was beautiful as usual.It was my first time back in 4 years and it was just as delish.I would have gave it five stars but the sushi rolls were lacking in size for such a high price.The food is really amazing,it's a shame because you have to order a lot of food in order to get full.My boyfriend had the ramen and it was a great portion and really good.Also stay for dessert because everything is great.The drinks are also a bit over priced so I recommend bringing a bottle before hand.It is definitely a cool spot to go to at least once!I went to Pod with my folks a few days ago, and we had a wonderful time. The variety and quality of the food was excellent, and the wait staff were fantastic. We ordered quite a bit of food, but the arrival of our dishes was well staggered so we never felt rushed to eat one thing before the next arrived. The sashimi was quite tasty, as was everything else we ordered. 
I notice that everyone has talked about the "trendy" atmosphere. I have no idea what that means, but the design is very creative, and the lighting is especially interesting. The plastic chairs were more comfortable than I would ever imagined was possible.
Overall, an excellent experience. No complaints.
Pro tip: Pod is right next door to a hotel with a valet, so it's very easy to get a cab.I am a big time lover of Stephen Starr and his restaurants and have been for quite some time now (even had my wedding catered by Starr).  I LOVE going to Pod at around 9:30 PM and on because it's so damn easy to get seated and the service is (usually quick).  This past Saturday I decided to make reservations for 7:30 PM because I was going out later with friends.  Holy shit.  Biggest mistake ever.  
We waited ONE HOUR to be seated!!!!  What made me even more angry is that the hostess smiled and lied to my face initially and said it would "JUST 10 MINUTES!" Yeah, ok.  Why lie?!  There was a HOARD of people waiting for their tables for this entire hour so I'm sure many others were in the same boat.  
I'm giving 4 stars because this is my late night spot go-to and even though the service pretty bad at 7:30 pm, I still LOVE the food.
This time we got the crab spring rolls which were DELICIOUS! 
I typically get the same dishes each time I go which includes the kobe beef (to die for) that is cooked table side, either the wasabi crusted filet mignon or miso glazed sea bass, one of the rices, and the fluffer nutter for dessert.  You CANNOT go wrong with any of these dishes.
Each time I go I do try to order one new dish to try.  Last time I had the corn as a side and it was really good. The corn had the perfect amount of spice and was grilled to perfection.  It was the perfect sized portion.  
If you are trying to eat lightly, go for the thai salad.  The portion is large enough that you will be full but it isn't heavy. Plus, it tastes great for a salad. 
Also, I strongly suggest getting any of the rices.  The seafood rice is lacking some flavor but all the others are very tasty and almost impossible to stop eating.
Finally - what is with the 16 year olds coming there that are dressed like they are 25?!Excellent Sushi. The ambience is very unique. Lots of attention to detail. Servers were really courteous. 
I tried out the crab rice too and loved it. I found the serving quantity more than sufficient. YmmvBeen there twice for dinner, and I think it's very average  in terms of food. I had sushi combination and other Asian fusion cuisines and didn't find anything special. 
The decor is impressive. I love the modern style interior here and it's a decent place to creat some memory.I went to this place on Saturday.  The desing of the place was not the greatest, the plastic chairs were not the most comfortable, however, the food and the serve were great! 
We ordered albacore sushi and Rio Grande roll, they were excellent! Also, I ordered sea bass and japanese sweet potatoes, and it was great! My hubby ordered kobe skirt steak, it came without a side dish, which we did not realize, so the sever brought out wasabi mashed potatoes within minutes.  It was great! 
For desert, we got their new item, cheesecake, it was delicious.  
The food may be a little on a high side, but it's worth it.Good food! Great Service! Parking was valet, the wagyu beef appetizer was amazing(Pricey but its worth it.) sushi was alright, could have been better.
But overall dinner was good!Food here is EXPENSIVE!!
We tried out some sushi rolls and entrees which were pretty good. The kobe beef slices served on a hot rock was fun to try and it did melt in your mouth, but everything else here seemed way overpriced.
On a side note, the bathrooms are totally designed like a bathroom in an airplane. Take that as you will.The sushi here is not the best. I ordered the chef special and it came it brown rice. What a terrible mistake. I hate when they use brown rice on sushi. Even though it's more healthy it doesn't taste like sushi anymore. The bathrooms are each their own stalls in a colorful hallway.I'm not really a sushi fan, but the BF loves it--so this place is a good compromise for us. 
I really enjoyed the crab spring rolls. Love, love, love the Green Martini. I had 3. Consequently, my recollection of the entree is a bit hazy...HMMMMMM.... it was OK!  yes, cool decor. yes, half decent waiter & other team members. yes, a bit too costly for a few items!
peace & conservationI went there many times, alone and with group. The food was excellent as usual. My wife and I dined there on New Year's Eve between 5:30 pm and 7:30 pm. It was moderately crowded, but not noisy, since U Penn students are away!  I was surprised to see a lot of children.  I did not know they were children friendly.  My children went to U Penn and they love to visit that area.   I may take my grand-kids when they visit.While a bit pricey, Pod is a great restaurant to take someone from out of town to. It's all about experience here. The atmosphere, design by Karim Rashid, is fun and funky. The service generally is great, and the food isn't bad. The cocktails are totally vibrant and funky, and there sushi bar rocks!I like this place a lot. The interiors are neat, the bar looks cool, and the constant anime (or daft punk videos) playing on the screen behind the sushi bar is awesome. Great place for a date if you don't mind the noise.
Drinks-wise, the sake mojitos are bangin. Remember to ask for a double.
As for the food, pretty much everything I've eaten here has been ridiculously tasty. My favorite by far is the duck two ways. Roasted duck breast cooked perfectly, accompanied by duck served in a bao bun? All about it. The sauce is great, too.
Their special sushi rolls are creative and delicious; I love the shiro-aoi - spicy white tuna and avocado topped with hamachi and jalapeño. Other menu standouts include the braised beef short rib over udon noodles (meat is unbelievably tender), and the lettuce wraps.
Definitely a good place to try if you're down with S. Starr and you like Asian fusion.Last night I came here for my sisters birthday.  It was great. We sat in one of the large private pons and enjoyed a delicious meal with great drinks. 
She had called ahead to order off a set menu and it was incredible. They started with salad, Sushi, dumplings, fish on sweet potatoes with rice (to die for) chicken lettuce wraps, and then desert which was marshal low and peanut butter spring rolls, ice cream in a delicious putty shell and hot lava cake . It was so much food and each thing that came out was better than the last. 
I would recommend this place for large groups and I would record ordering ahead. Everything came out on time and we were never waiting. What a great place. 
Only thing was it did seem to be a little dead outside our pod. But with the private rooms it is like you are the only people there and it was a blast. Not to mention it changes colors as you push the buttons around you.Meh. The decor seems really dated and unclean to me. I was expecting different from the pictures. The sushi we ordered was really disappointing. I'd rather get sushi from whole foods or wegmans. Grilled cauliflower and eggplant were ok. The best thing we had was the pork belly buns and unfiltered sake (soo good, but it was $45 for a 8 oz carafe).Been here several times. Food always very good and probably my favorite Starr restaurant (some Starr restaurants I hate!). Best to make a reservation or you'll get stuck at the more sucky instead of the more better tables. If you can't get a good table, better to sit at the sushi bar where you can also order from the regular menu. Can't think of anything I don't like to eat here - all good.Finally got around to eating here, after working in its proverbial backyard for years. The decor is futuristic and fun; the bathrooms are reminiscent of airplane's. But you aren't reading this for a bathroom review, so on to the food. We came for lunch with a party of 8...the place was packed! We started with dumplings, edamame and tempura, all of which we inhaled. My sushi loving co-workers enjoyed their selections. 3 of us got sea bass bento boxes, which were delish. I had a white peach/mint soda....could have inhaled 3 of those suckers. The prices are somewhat high for lunch, but I wasn't paying ;o) Our service was slow and kind of spotty. All in all, a very nice respite from the workplace grind!I didn't like this place because it was on Penn campus and tended to attract a certain subset of students. Food itself is good though and the place has a funky vibe.First time to pod and I sat at the sushi bar.  Service was S L O W... so be prepared to wait.
I was intrigued at the conveyer belt for sure.  I was thinking "I'd love to have this in my house."  For what purpose, I have no idea.  The sushi on the conveyer belt, not so great.  Not a whole lot different than the stuff sitting in your grocery sushi take out section.
Now, on the other hand, some fresh made ordered rolls...really fresh a good.
Folks sitting next to us had some really nice looking entrees coming out, calamari salad and a shrimp fried rice.  Hmmm, maybe I should have taken that path...possibly next time.I love this place. Great service with an amazingly trendy and classy atmosphere. Every time i come here, i order something different and am never disappointed. I love their wok charred items and how they pretty much have every meat and vegetable available wok charred. I really cannot rave enough about the atmosphere of this restaurant though, it is extremely sexy.The decor is interesting. The seats in the main dining room are literally like pods with neon lights. It reminds of what a ride in Tomorrowland at Disneyland might look like. 
I was in town for a business meeting and held a large group dinner in the private dining area in the back. It was really nice that they have such an area which gave us our privacy with a sliding door. That space held our group of 40 or so quite comfortably.
Dinner consisted of a number of appetizers, main entrees and a dessert platter. Here are my thoughts:
APPETIZERS:
Sushi roll platter with California roll, Philly roll and eel with avocado roll: I didn't like this very much. The restaurant does have a full sushi bar and off this platter, I can tell their sushi isn't likely great but they were edible enough. 
Pan-fried dumplings: So delicious and juicy. 
Beef skewer with chili sauce: So good. 
Watercress salad: I love watercress so this was much appreciated. It was topped with something I couldn't identify...cheese? Bread crumbs? I don't know but whatever it was, it was good. 
(At this point, we were pretty full already because the quantity in each platter was really generous). 
ENTREES:
Tofu with udon: Good. Tofu pieces were of the soft variety, battered and lightly fried. 
Chicken stir-fry with veggies and steamed rice: This reminded me of sweet and sour chicken except the sauce is more savory sweet. It was tasty but compared to the other proteins we had on the menu, it was my least favorite. 
Black cod: This was soooo good. It was buttery and cooked to perfection. Served beneath it was some Chinese you choy. 
Filet mignon: The steak was cooked to perfection and the sauce it sat on was amazing. It was served with vegetables which I didn't try. 
DESSERT:
We had a huge platter of sweets which consisted of a chocolate molten cake in the middle (way too dense for my taste), a variety of ice cream mochi (OK, but they melted too quickly), banana and peanut butter rolls with chocolate sauce) didn't have any of this). 
My colleagues made sure we had plenty of food so a lot of it was left over where we sat. I would definitely consider returning here in the future for the cooked food. It exceeded my expectations. 
The wait staff was fantastic.Yeah....over-rated. While the atmosphere of the restaurant is completely beautiful and modern, I'm not so sure that makes up for everything else. I'm a huge fan of Asian fusion so I've had my fair share everywhere I visit. Pod is just not that great. I've had completely tasteless soup here (I took it home to my nephews who stated it was the best ramen they ever had, which I'm sure doesn't speak much for it), potstickers are average. These are types of things I feel that a fusion restaurant should make effortlessly. I am a fan of the crab fried fried rice though. The drinks I could completely skip as well. I tried all of the "color" martinis and if I had to choose I'd recommend the red or green. Overall, if you're looking to just be trendy and cute to upload photos to instagram or something this place is cool. If you're looking for high quality and flavorful food then you should pass. It's also way overpriced for the quality of food.I've been to POD several times but I recall one time last may. My sister and I ordered the wasabi filet, sushi and shrimp tom yum soup. Everything was delicious, unfortunately I found fruit flies in my soup. I didn't want to make a scene and told my waitress, she took it away and apologized. The manager (dark hair with glasses) comes up to me and apologizes and said "you know, its summer." was that the answer to why there was flies in my soup? They offered me another soup, I said no thank you. They offered free dessert but I didn't want any, and they refused to take the soup off my check. So I paid for the soup I didnt want to eat. The food here is good, unfortunately the incident that happened to me a year ago wasnt.Walking into Pod, I had high expectations.  The atmosphere is top notch, and as I soon discovered, so is the service.  Since we made a reservation, we didn't have to wait long for our table - a cute cutout for two in the main dinning area.  Our waiter greeted us prompt, offered water, and asked if we'd like drinks.  We passed on drinks and decided to review the menu.  He came back to check on us in a few minutes, but we were helplessly lost and asked for a few more.  Again he returned and when we still weren't ready, made it clear by his actions that he had no intent on rushing us.  Still, at this point I caved and asked for recommendations - after all, I was there to eat!  Crab Spring Rolls, Lobster Roll, and Rock n Spicy Tuna were then on their way.
The food comes out as ready, with the spring rolls first.  They were good, but nothing to rave about.  The dipping sauce that accompanied them actually made more of an impression.  Once the sushi rolls arrived, we quickly dug in.  They too were good, but nothing amazing.  The spicy tuna didn't have much spicy to it and the lobster was a bit chewy.  We finished off with some Mochi ice cream for dessert. 
Now to run the formula rating in my head... great service, decent atmosphere, average food, and low value (price/food experience) means I see this one netting in the middle.Fancy place but nothing special to be honest. I've had better sushi and their entrees were quite sub par. Wouldn't really recommend the place.I didn't really know what to expect from an Asian restaurant named Pod. However, from the moment I walked in I liked Pod. They have a distinct theme and seem to stick with it throughout the dining experience. The food was great, I particularly enjoyed the crab fried rice and the spicy tuna rolls. The service was decent, although it was clear she was trying to upsell us and unhappy we didn't order drinks or dessert. I think it is a little bit overpriced, but i do not think that would stop me from coming back.A reliable standard in University City, Pod has a cool decor with funky colored lights and a hopping happy hour crowd. This is a great place to meet for drinks or for a special meal. The sushi is very good, and so are the other menu offerings, including small plates, grilled items, ramen, and larger main dishes. The tempura rock shrimp with pineapple and walnuts is a favorite. The crab fried rice is also very good. The sizzling garlic mushroom dish comes out on a hot platter and really is sizzling; it's delicious.Came here a few weeks ago for a friend's birthday. In our group, we ordered a large variety of dishes. I tried the pork belly steamed bun, monkfish and kimchi hot pot, macadamia chicken stir fry, udon noodle and tofu stir fry, and the grilled asparagus. All the dishes were okay...I liked the chicken stir fry and the udon noodles. I say liked, as in I thought it was good but nothing I'd return for. I couldn't finish my monkfish and kimchi hot pot because after 2 bites, I just didn't want to eat it anymore. It didn't taste awful but I didn't like the taste enough to keep eating it. My friends had the beef ramen and that was good. Another friend had the filet mignon which was overcooked. He asked for medium rare and got well done. The server brought him another one and though this filet looked more like medium-medium well, it still wasn't medium rare. 
Service was good, ambiance is interesting and we all had the special cocktail of the day (can't remember the name but it had gin and champagne) and it was delicious. It's an overly expensive place with mediocre food. May be a good spot for a cocktail/drinks.Decor is.now outdated. I would like.to.see things newer and cleaner. The.food wasn't good enough for the price I paid. Overall,.I'm didsapointed I spent that much money for OK food.  The nice service was the best part of the meal, even if it was a bit slow.For the price, I think it deserves only 3 stars. It's a more fancy and better quality chinatown-type-food restaurant. Don't get me wrong - the food was good but it wasn't good enough for the price. I love Amada & Zahav & Morimoto - the food at those places is AWESOME and well worth the money!
We had the white tiger roll sushi, which was good. The karaage (fried chicken) reminded us of KFC! It was certainly very well cooked but it was just fried chicken. The sizzling garlic mushrooms were really good. The lamb and the crab fried rice were alright.
I wouldn't go back!The Pod ..  For me it's my go to place for sushi. It gets  no better   I love this place the staff,  the location and the FOOD !Nice server is all there was to this meal. Extremely unflavorful, tasteless food. The sweet pea and mushroom dumpling was thick and lacked texture and flavor. The udon noodle stirfry, similarly, was completely flavorless. The speciality sushi rolls were ok, but for $18 a roll, we've had much better at morimoto and fat salmon. The bokchoy side was fresh and refreshing, but a good side seldom counts for a good meal. The worst part - dessert. A Starr restaurant cannot afford to get something as basic as a chocolate lava cake wrong, but Pod did. It was barely warmed, completely dry, stale tasting and looked like a chocolate muffin that was picked up from Jo Shmo's bakery five days ago.  At $45 per head without alcohol, this was one terrible pick.Was taken out to lunch here months ago.  Wasn't enchanted by the interior or slow service, but the watercress salad and tempura rock shrimp were really good.Great atmosphere.... Great food! The lamb chops are to die for. Last night I also tried the lobster and duck fried rice. Excellent!!! Never had a bad experience. Great go to place for happy hour also!Pod usually never fails and it's one of my favorite places to go on campus.  I usually order sushi rolls or get the seafood fried rice + bok choy.  The bok choy here is typically top-notch and way better than even chinese restaurants in Chinatown.  My friends and I usually order the bok choy to share even if we each order our own mains.  Today was a disaster: I took one bite and didn't want to eat the rest.  It was overcooked and not flavorful.  When I told the server, she did not charge me for it (which is great) but I left feeling sad/disappointed that a good dish is ruined!This place is so overrated.  Every time someone thought it was a (very) special occasion at work, we would go to Pod.  I would order something that I had never tried before.  It would taste good, not memorable.  I would look at all the chic white chairs and random neon glowing and be a little disappointed about modern fusion Asian whatever.
I did go once with a sales rep after a business transaction, and he went to town with the chutoru sushi and shared.  Yes, it was delicious, but duh.  It better be at $18 a pair.
It's like a kid bragging to his friends that he brought a hooker to the prom...  The place is trying to hard.  Not only that but it's giving out this faux vibe to get this message out that they are in, but I'm just not feeling it.  Yes, I am capable of boiling a bowl of soybeans in their pods and adding salt.  Thanks for marketing it as edamame and marking it up 10X over since it sounds Asian.
I only went for work lunches.  Maybe the too cool for school kids only came out for dinner?  Maybe I'm just not into the whole concept of grouping a hodgepodge of "Asian" food and making it "modern."  Sushi was sushi before this country existed.
Three stars since I can't complain about the food or excellent service, but didn't really dig the vibe.It's ooookay. I would never elect to go here by myself, but with parties, yes. It's just that Steven Starr thing I'm not that big a fan of, prioritizing atmosphere over food. 
Yes, it's futuristic and trendy, with decent food, but that's all it is - decent.
I've come a couple times for parties, and each time I've left satisfied but now wowed.
I do give them points for their short rib robata, though. It's tender and flavorful, and I've always been a short rib fan. Their miso glazed sea bass is also pretty good. Sea bass is my number one favorite fish, and they do a good job with it. (It's also priced to match the flavor - expect to pay a pretty penny for this one.) Shrimp pad thai is okay. Something I could find in a less-expensive restaurant.
Chocolate bread pudding for dessert is delicious. Follow it with the ice sculpture sorbets for a palate cleanser. Don't go for the fluffer nutter spring rolls, however - those were cloyingly sweet.Great cuisine, atmosphere, and service. We brought a birthday cake and it was presented without cutting fee at our request. Entire experience was special.I ordered Gyudon. It cost $14 or $16, I forgot exact price. For me this was not Gyudon. This was something different.
Biggest and fatal mistake of this dish is the Rice. They do not use Japonica rice. It must be Jasmin rice or Basmati rice. I like JAsmin rice and Basmati rice when I eat Chinese food or Indian food. But no for Japanese.
This restaurant is fusion restaurant. They may have invented new style Gyudon. I want to believe they prefer Jasmin or Basmati rice TASTE to Japonica. I do not want to believe they prefer cheap Jasmin or Basmati Cost to higher Japonica rice cost.. 
I hope there are many customers who like their style, but not for me.The food here is good but too expensive (i.e. overpriced).  However, I strongly recommend POD as a great place for cocktail drinks and appetizers.  
When I went here with my father for appetizers and drinks when I first came to Penn, we admired the cool "space-age" decor, and funky artistic lighting and media theme.  The atmosphere makes this a fun place to get a drink with folks from out of town (and I've continued to suggest it for such occasions).  They have a creative drink menu, and cool booths to sit and chat in, before going elsewhere for dinner.  
Don't get me wrong: POD is not a bad choice for dinner.  My dishes are always tasty, and service is excellent.  I almost always order a seafood entree for dinner.  But I was disappointed by how loud the restaurant is for having group conversations, so I don't recommend it as a place to take invited speakers at Penn. Other nearby restaurants, like White Dog, Distrito, and so on, are better suited for group discourse.  Nonetheless, at the end of the day, POD is a fun place to try in University City!I visited Pod for the first time recently for a friends birthday. This friend is a quarter Japanese and so it was decided among us that we would go to Pod...for Japanese. Now I'm not a sushi fan. I tend to lean towards the Chinese side of Asian cuisine, nonetheless, I was excited to visit another Stephen Starr spot. 
We entered with one goal in mind...securing a pod. We wanted to eat in one!! You can book one in advance if you agree to spend a set dollar amount. We couldn't promise we would spend that much so we had no reservation, only hope. 
When we got there, we told the hostess we were interested in a pod and she said if one was available or opened up, we could have it. We told her we would wait at the bar...and we did....for 45 minutes until our glorious pod was free. 
The fun thing about partying in the pod is that you basically have a private room. You can change the color of the room by pressing buttons on the wall. After a few minutes, our eyes were so warped from the lights, we couldn't tell what color was what. In fact, at the end of the night, our friend gave his coat back to coat check saying that the coat wasn't his....that his coat was a different color. Turns out his eyes were just messed up. 
I ordered the Kobe beef cooked table side and it was delicious. The ribs were tangy. The drinks were tasty. I hear the sushi was excellent. 
It was a great experience overall. I'd go there again if someone invited me. It is pricey to eat in basically white Ikea decor with fancy lights, so be prepared.My absolute favorite place in Philly!
Three must-haves:
Pod Lobster (orgasmic good...)
Rockin Spicy Tuna
Chocolate pudding
The staff is super nice. I am also able to get the chef to make me some off-the-menu concoction based on my individual fantasies! Very cool!
Did I say that the ambiance just rocks!!!
Hands down the best sushi rolls I have had --ever---Morimoto not withstanding!!I've been to this place a couple of times, and the food is good depending on what you order. I'm kind of a picky eater so I won't hold that against the place, but there were only a couple of dishes that I liked (the sea bass is AMAZING). The place itself was pretty cool, more of a futuristic design - especially with the bathrooms! It's a cool place overall.Food was great. A bit pretentious and the wine prices are unusually high.Wow the ambiance is very different, in a good way. Its very eclectic and seemed kind of like The Jetsons. Also, Pod is very noisy which is fine with me because I love a lively place. Unfortunately, I have only been here once and it was great. I ordered macadamia chicken stir-fry and crab fried rice. Expensive but worth it.Hungry for sushi?  Grab two or three of your friends and head over to Pod, an Asian "fusion" restaurant in the heart of the city.  You'll feel like you're stepping into the pages of a magazine, given the modern feel of the...well, pod, that you're experiencing.  I've only been there for lunch -- but I recommend the chicken lettuce wraps and a house salad (big enough for two to share) for starters!  Just don't look to get too full from  the fare.  I definitely was ready to snack by the time I got back to my office. :-bI've come more than a few times, and each time has been consistently great. The chicken lettuce wraps and the yellowtail sushi are particular favorites, but I can't say I've had anything that wasn't really really good. Service is very professional as well. 
It has an interesting ambience, and if you have a group, definitely try to call a few days ahead and get one of the group 'pods'...otherwise you'll sit outside your entire meal feeling jealous as they change the colors inside. 
The only reason why it isn't 5 stars is because I've had similar quality sushi for cheaper and the ambience can feel really gimmicky the 5th or 6th time you come.