We are so beyond happy that Poe's is now in the neighborhood, the food is absolutely delicious! We ordered the Birdman, Uncle Tony and the loaded fries on opening night and I am still thinking about how amazing it all was! We can't wait to go back!Local spot in my neighborhood. I got The Jeggy Boy, which is like a spicy vegan bahn mi. It did not disappoint. A place that serves mostly meat, but can cook tofu right is definitely going to become the number one spot. Also, tried the homemade red sauce on The Luca. Mouthwatering and spicy, it's everything you want in a sandwich. Can't wait to go back!Was lucky enough to catch them on a soft opening before their official open date. A nice addition to the neighborhood that offers Italian style sandwiches vs traditional cheesesteaks and Mexican. That being said, I had tried both the meatball parm and the chicken cutlet sandwiches. Both are hearty and delicious. I had gotten a side of fries. They are crinkle cut and had a somewhat sweet taste to them. They also have funnel cake fries and I think they use the same fryer, hence the hint of sweetness to the regular fries. Looking forward to see them strive and also having the late night option on the weekends!So we visited the joint tonight and everything was delicious! 
We had the Luca and the Birdman which are tasty and huge sandwiches. We also had the Loaded Funnel Cake Fries which are honestly BOMB-DIGGITY! If you haven't checked the joint out then you are DEFINITELY missing out!This place is the perfect addition to our neighborhood. The food is unbelievably good and the service is quick (it's a good idea to order ahead in the winter though, like they recommend). Their regular menu items are great if you like having a go-to order (the birdman and the meatball parm are particularly genius). It's definitely worth following them on instagram for their specials, which NEVER disappoint. If you haven't been here yet, you're missing out!Had the burger today only $3.50 best food bargain in the city.
It was hand patted n tasted fresh not frozen.
Toasted bun and was delish.
Its a to go only or delivery spot.
No Sit down..Counters girls were friendly and polite . 
I cant wait to try other sandwiches..Went on opening night! Great addition to the neighborhood. Loved the sandwiches and especially the funnel cake fries with cannoli cream!Love me some Poe's! I'm back in the city of fooderly  love for the holiday. This happy camper made Poe's the first "only in Philly" stop. Be assured, there's nothing like it in Dallas. Relish this little gem, Philly boys and girls. Meatball parm. Yum.Amazing sandwiches from Poe's. My friend bought me the Hamilton... best sandwich in the Philly Area!!!! Had to follow the instagram to see what i have to get next!!UPDATE**
So I finally got the chance to stop by Poe's and get myself a sandwich and DAMN was I not disappointed. First off, for that one weird dude who said the sandwiches were not worth $10, GTFO because the thing was as long as my forearm and the meatballs were hefty as shit. Like seriously, the meatballs taste like grandma's with all the right spices. I mean thank god my boyfriend was around to split this thing with because this bad boy was MASSIVE. 
I'm not a girl who's big on sauce, and I really appreciated the sauce to meatball ratio; just enough sauce, and a little bit oozing out of the sides, but some places give you more sauce then meatballs. Like we clearly came for the meatballs, where's the meat? But damn. This sandwich was amazing. Perfect late night spot with quality food (I hate the places that support the "late night" vibe but dish out crappy food, like I'm drunk or whatever, not dumb). 
I actually had the pleasure of talking with the owner, and seems like a really cool dude that is dedicated to everything he does. Very excited to see the future for this business, can't wait to try other sandwiches on their menu!Sold out yesterday before I could head over! Super pumped to come back and see what the hype is about this weekend at Fishtown Freeze! 
THEIR MENU LOOKS AMAZING.These guys are just getting started and are killing the sandwich game! Great veggie specials, delivery, incredible inventive flavor combos, they started out great and keep getting better! Most recently had the "Gump Daddy" vegetarian special and it was so good and delivered quickly! Can't wait to see what else they come up with.The Pretty Ricky is a fantastic take on the classic cuban. Everything was perfect. The 3 burgers for $10 is a great deal, simple and solid cheeseburgers, great rolls for both the burgers and the ricky.   Definitely will be coming back to try the rest of the menu.Really good sandwiches, open late, is exactly what the neighborhood needed. The Uncle Tony, their take on a cheesesteak, is something you have to try. The Lucas is a straightforward meatball parm made perfectly. The fries held up ok after a 10 minute walk home.
It really is just a takeout window on the side of the building. I've heard they have a deal with Heffe across the street if you want to sit, but I haven't tried it yet.So, my roommate stopped by to pick us up food on the opening night. She swore I said I didn't want broccoli rabe, so she ordered me The Birdman with no broccoli rabe. I was sad for a second but then I bit into my chicken & cheese sandwich and it was.. amazing. I don't know how they did it, but they did. Delicious. I'm super excited to try it WITH broccoli rabe next time & while I'm at it I might try every single thing on the menu.My boyfriend and I braved the cold on Friday night to try out Poe's Sandwich Joint. The wait was a bit long, but it was the soft opening so of course that's expected. Staff was super attentive and friendly. The girl at the front window forgot to place our order but Poe worked SUPER fast to make sure we weren't waiting much longer. Food was awesome, I had the burgers (phenomenal) and my boyfriend had the Hamilton which he loved. Im short, we'll be back to happily support the sandwich joint!This is probably my favorite place to eat when I'm in the area by arguably the coolest people around. 4.9999 stars.Poe's is going to ruin my life. Food THIS good and THIS accessible only a few blocks away from me were certainly lead to my downfall because, apparently, Broccoli Rabe doesn't count as a "vegetable-heavy diet" according to my doctor and could lead to "continuing medical issues."
But you know what?
The Hamilton is to die for.
The Loaded fries are to die for.
The Cheeseburgers are to die for.
I haven't had the rest of the menu yet, but when I inevitably make myself unable to pay rent because of how frequently I'll be going here, I'm sure they will all be to die for.Sandwiches are so good and well priced. I got a Big Dick Nick which was essentially a roast pork. My friend got the cutlet!! We will be back. So happy to have Poes in our neighborhood.Solid sandwich joint - been here a few times and everything was always made fresh. Recently got the pizza steak "uncle junior" which was really good. One complaint: it was advertised on IG as $10.50 but the person at the counter said it was wrong and charged me $11.25. Not a big deal but I mean we're talking about 0.75... mistakes happen but if y'all are gonna post something up, I don't think it's right to charge something different. Again, only 0.75, but is that really worth the potential hassle? Regardless I'll still be back.I am so happy I was finally able to make it over to Poe's Sandwich Joint. This place is cash only I believe, but there is an ATM on premise. Poe's is open late, which is super helpful after seeing music at the Fillmore down the street. I ordered the Hamilton and my boyfriend ordered the Uncle Tony. Both sandwiches were delicious. The french fries were crispy. 
This is a takeout only restaurant. The staff was helpful and nice. I'll definitely be back. Check out the beautiful wood counter top while you are there!A friend and I got 2 sandwiches to go and they were both delicious! The meatball sub was super flavorful, the meatballs themselves were super tender and the sauce had just the right amount of kick. Their version of the cheesesteak was incredible. The pepper relish provided just the right acid note to cut through the rich and delicious cheese sauce. I can't wait to go back and try their other offerings!The sandwich was amazing. I got the mush man and it was awesome. The perfect amount of sauce and a great tasting roll. The fries were the only downside to this meal. They must've been frozen fries and were unfortunately not crispy. Not worth the $4.00.This place sucks! Do not go here. They are TOO delicious and perfect. If too many people start going here then I will have to wait in line, or worse, they will run out. Please stay away so I can have it all to myself.Took my son here and got the  "Gunny Mike" which was a blend of chicken and beef cheesesteaks, topped withgouda whizz, onions and fries for him and a regular cheesesteak for myself. 
We're both loved them! They were actually no longer doing the gunny but they made it for me anyway.  Great service amazing fun sandwichesHands down one of the best sandwich places in Philly. Favs include the chicken parm sandwich and meatball sandwich with loaded fries. 
Even though it's cash only and the ATM charges a $3 fee- - its still very much worth it.Stopped by this joint last week and I must say, def worth the hype! We had the three burgers, loaded fries, and funnel cake fries, all of which were delicious! It's nice to have gourmet quality food for a decent price around here. They also offer nice portion sizes, which is a rare find in the city. Will most certainly be back to taste the entire menuOrdered takeout from this place once and got the Uncle Tony's. The meat was good but wasn't too fan of the Gouda whiz. It gave the cheesesteak a creamy texture to it which was a bit weird. Overall, the sandwich was good but there are definitely better spots in the city.Poe's is the best! Loved the hole in the wall, loving this set up inside Human Robot. I've had nearly everything on the menu and it's all primo. Always leave full and happy! The picture is the baby wook which is a ranch/buffalo thing of beauty! One of the best sando I've ever had. The fries and sliders are beautiful as well. 
Again this pairing with Human Robot Brewery is a dream come true. Wish nothing for the best for Poe and his crew- keep doing the damn thing!I love going to this place for lunch. I recommend the Commish and add chicken cutlet. The pesto gets absorbed into the bread and it makes the bite that much better. The burgers are good too. The loaded funnel cake fries tho...best unhealthy decision you could make for yourself. So fire.By far the best sandwich shop in Philadelphia. With a variety of sandwiches that would please the pickiest of eaters. Every item on this menu was well thought out and is more delicious than the last itemThe best sandwich I've ever had! I tried it for the first time on March 30th and it definitely didn't disappoint! I'll definitely be coming back to get another one. It was worth the trip from Delaware to Fishtown to try this sandwich.Got the Uncle Tony.  Was delicious.  App my friends also thought their sandwiches were delicious.  Nothing else to be said.These sandwiches rock. The Baby Wook was perfectly sharp and had all the pickles you could want. A++have had multiple sandwiches which were all delicious. Super filling but still left wanting more. All ingredients are fresh and mesh so well! worth the hype for sure.So happy to have this spot in the neighborhood. Stopped by late night after a concert, service was quick, people were friendly and the food was great. Really loved the funnel cake fries. Will be back soon!There are a lot of sandwich shops in Philly for sure, but nothing like this place. The sandwiches are all insanely creative, completely different, and all decadently delicious. The sauces, marinades and meat are homemade and the rolls are from Sarcones. No effort is spared on making sure the sandwich satisfies. My favorites are the The Birdman and The Pretty Ricky. Top notch. Also try the loaded funnel cake fries. They might be the best dessert in the city.I am the owner of The Tanning Bar across from you and are addicted to The Guru, I am vegan and are so happy you have vegan options!! Welcome to the neighborhood.My new #1 stop home from the bars. Hands down the most unique sandwiches it was difficult to choose just one. 
The Hamilton- WOW talk about stuffed (the sandwich & me) the chicken was tender and bacon was crispy. The French fries and cheese made the sandwich. The only thing I have to say is more ranch!! The house made ranch is gold. Liquid gold. 
Full staff the order was out in under 15 mins.. the owner even stepped out and talked to us about what the place is all about. 
Welcome to the neighborhood, we already love you!Dank sambos! Couldnt appreciate more that they are open during the crisis! Cant wait to check lut the new spot when all this is over.One of the best cheesesteak iterations in the city. It's not "traditional" but it is delicious. The spicy relish and smoked wiz are insane. Gotta try the various cutlet sandwiches because they look amazing. While there you might as well splurge and get the loaded fries, you won't regret it. Oh and scoop some brews from Human Robot while you're there, also won't regret that!Been here a couple times and the sandwiches are damn good. First time I had the meatball parm, and took one to go which was so good it didn't even last the car ride home. Today I had the bird man (+bacon), which I added a picture of, and it just raised the bar for them again in my books. I drive over an hour just to eat here so if you're in the neighborhood you should definitely stop by. I'm looking forward to trying the rest of the menu eventually!Waited at the window for 10 minutes before they looked up after I tapped on the window, claiming they were closed, when they just wanted to leave early. Not even worth going back, get better employees.I had been salivating over Poe's IG photos for a week or so before I finally made a point to stop by to give them a try. I love any time I can walk up to a window at 2:30 in the morning and buy a sandwich. But I especially enjoyed this experience because the quality of the sandwiches were 2nd to none. From what I've seen and have tasted thus far, I think I'd enjoy every single menu items Poe's has available. I will definitely make it a point to visit them as often as I can.These guys are killing the sandwich game. A ton of options I've never heard of before as well as some of the classics (meatball, italian, etc). I most recently ordered a vegetarian option "The Gump Daddy" which was eggplant, marinara, and whipped scallion ricotta on a Sarcone's roll ($12.50). After I ordered it the guy who took my order popped out and apologized for the wait as they were freshly breading the eggplant. No complaints here! The sandwich was incredible, I couldn't put it down. 
You can also get a cheeseburger for $3.50. This is an awesome deal and the perfect way to end a night of bar hopping down Frankford Ave.Philly's best kept secret for sandwiches.  The hamilton might be my favorite sandwich ever!Had beers next door and really enjoyed your sandwiches . The burger was very good along with the cutlet with broccoli rabe. Will returnGreat spot to get a quick and delicious sandwich. I live in the neighborhood and I've been here a couple of times to try their vegetarian options. The first sandwich I got was The Commish. As soon as you bite in you can taste the fresh mozzarella and basil pesto. The balsamic glaze is a great touch. I've also tried The Jeggy Boy, which a good sandwich for tofu lovers. 
Not to mention they also share the location with The Human Robot Brewing company. I would suggest to give Poe's a visit if you're in the area looking for a good sandwich.Just left this new corner sandwich place in Fishtown. I literally think they opened this week.
I ordered this awesome monster meatball parm. It was the first thing on the menus so I went with it.
Great tasting meatballs on a killer roll. Not sure who they use but the rolls are legit.
I got my partner The Birdman. He was expecting more of a chicken cheesesteak type sandwich but it was better. Big lightly breaded breast sandwich with sharp provolone. I didn't taste it but he didn't speak for 15 minutes so I'm guessing it was a good sign.  
Overall great sandwich for a good price. 
Cash only!!
My only suggestion is accepting debit cards.We ordered the meatballs sub and it was decent. The meatball itself was pretty good, but not amazing. I think I expected the sandwich to be out of this world based on all of the reviews.Imaginative, yet familiar-tasting, sandwiches. The menu consists of sandwiches, burgers, amazing fries, and some unique desserts. The folks at the register and the cooking up the food are super nice, embrace pretty much everyone, and care about the product. Overall: delicious sandies, good people. 
Pro Tip: get a burger as a side snack.One of the worst pieces of chicken I've ever had. So greasy and rubbery. An insult to Italian style chicken cutlets. Overpriced, bad quality junk food.This place "Poe's sandwich joint" on a corner puts out the very best of the best when it comes to food!  The sandwiches remind me of sitting at my grandmothers eating her food. No one ever came close to her meatballs. Not even my mom. Poe's- best meatballs ever!  Wait until you try the loaded fries!!!!!  I must say- it is addicting!  I won't stop - they have customers for life here!!!!  I will order every single sandwich until I decide which is my favorite!  Well done Poe's !!!!!!The Skinny Joey is an amazing sandwich. The pork is incredibly flavorful and pairs perfectly with the broccoli rabe, long hots, and sharp provolone. 
Highly recommend having a sandwich here - I could see them winning sandwich of the year or something soon! 
Located in Human Robot- grab a Hallertau with a sandwich!We had the Luca's Meatball and The Hamilton; a fat girl's review:
Luca's Meatball was delicious. Sarcone's roll, toasted to perfection. Marinara? Hearty, full of flavor, like ya grandmother used to make. Meatballs cooked just right, not overdone, and nice size (never thought I'd be commenting on the size of someone's balls on Yelp). Anyway. 10/10, Luca should be proud. 
Next, the Hamilton; the ranch is absolute wizardry. I found myself wiping the remnants off the wrapper paper with some of the roll. Chicken seasoned and fried up with love. Good chicken cutlet to french fry ratio. If anything, a little more chicken (hey, I already said I'm a fat girl). Delicious bacon crumbles and plenty of them. Cooper sharp cheese is a perfect pairing on this, super creamy with a gentle kick. 
Only drawback is I didn't order more sandwiches because that Uncle Tony and Pretty Ricky was calling my name BUT! Not to worry, I'll be back.
To Richard: you stopped what you were doing to fist bump me. Much love.This place was great. I stopped in while on a walk by myself. I got the Skinny Joey. 
A+
Can't wait to come back here. Everything else on the menu sounds so good. Gotta try everything.Really didn't want to post this, but this is ridiculous.  Got the Hamilton and it was amazing as always. I got fries with it and they were completely black and oxidized.THIS PLACE IS THE SHIT!!!!! Omg I got the Uncle
Tony and I'm gonna say that was the best sandwich I've ever had. I'm not even done eating it and I want another. Poe is the best, super fun dude. I'm obsessed 20/10Only a Togo window and 8 sandwich choices. Got the meatball parm. Great roll, fresh mozzarella, spicy sauce, and a first rate meat ball. My complaint...well we were it . The only people there, and it was raining pretty hard and it took like ten minutes to get our food. And I asked them not to heat them because they were for much later in the day. I got soaked but it was a first rate sandwich. What the hell is it like when it's busy? Seems they are not organized.The sandwiches are nothing special and overpriced. I had the meatball and it was meh. Wife had the chicken cutlet with broccoli rabe and it was dry and pretty tasteless. I've made better sandwiches out of the leftovers in my fridge. Also 12.50 per sandwich? Cash only? Someone call the IRS. If you want an inventive, fresh sandwich that will make you come back for more, go to Paesanos on Girard and thank me later.Bae & I were looking to get some sandwiches so we decided to try this place. We ordered our sandwiches to go so I can't really attest to the shop or how it is inside. I can speak the sandwiches which are super yummy!! I ordered the commish- DELICIOUS, fresh and full of flavor. I looked at the other reviews and this one is spot on. The mozz was fresh & the basil was packed with flavor. My only issue was that there was a lot of balsamic so it covered the bread which might have been a problem had I not scarfed down the sandwich lol Again- soo good. 
My man got the chicken cutlet with the broccolini - I think it's called the Bird?. He seemed to enjoy it (and didn't offer me any) so I guess it's safe to say he liked it!! Lol. 
I also ordered the fries which were good as well- seasoned well & hot. 
My apologies for not taking any photos but I was starving & it was good so I enjoyed the moment. You will too!!!Probably the best sandwich I've ever eaten - The Luca meatball parm is OFF THE CHARTS.   And the commish is a classic for vegans and they nailed it.  It's my favorite sandwich on the menu.  Can't wait to try the Mush Man and the Uncle Tony.   Creative menu, friendly staff, massive portions, cheap $$$ for the portion sizes!   You can't find gourmet sandwiches this good & this big for 10 bucks.  It will be a routine weekly stop on my way home to pick up dinner for the fam!These sandwiches are awesome! I order from Poe's a couple times a month and you can expect the occasional order mixup but overall you'll be pleasantly surprised. Also, it's located in a brewery that has some pretty great beer as well!Enjoy your sandwich in person. Enjoy human robot don't get delivery. There is nothing wrong with delivery but you may catch them at a rush an the deliveries can't keep up. I won't deprive myself of greatness in person ever again.This sandwich joint is spot on! Logistically, their ordering system is direct through their website and a breeze to use. In February 2021, we picked up from their curbside window, with ease.
The chicken cutlet on the Gabygool was thin, the mozzarella was fresh, and the reduction was delicious. 
The Commish was stacked high with mozzarella, fresh tomato, and atop some delicious bread.
I'll definitely be going back!There's not much to say. It's meh food for a lot of money. 
I wish there was more to say. Ordered the meatballs and they took a good long while to come out. Fries were given to us for compensation but honestly, just give me my sandwich. The half cooked fries were a nice gesture but could have been better. Probably will not come back.Awesome experience!!
I called ahead and they told me my sandwich would be ready in 15 mins. When I called, the guy that answered the phone only said "hello" didn't say hi this is poes Sandwich Joint May I help you or anything along those lines so I got nervous I was calling the wrong number or something! That was a bit odd but hey...fishtown. 
I got there in 15 mins and my sandwich wasn't ready so i had to wait a little bit but that was fine. I took the sandwich home and enjoyed it in the comfort of my own home. I ate the meatball parm sub and it was delicious the bread was toasted to perfection and the meatballs were perfect homemade tasting meatballs- tasted so fresh!!! 
I know there's some complaints about a sandwich being $10 but these sandwiches are missive so they are absolutely worth $10 and. I would probably pay $12 bucks lol
I even threw in a few dollars in the tip jar. 
Saw the guy that made me sandwich on the street about 4 hours later and told him I appreciated the sandwich and told him it was great and that it was a good experience and to keep in doing it just the way they are!We talkin bout sandwiches !!!!! Great food , great staff ! Excited to try more in the futureDid something change?? I ordered the Chicken Parm from here when the first opened and the sandwich was absolutely delicious. 
I ordered it again recently, it was less than average tasting and the price increased. The chicken was thin and rubbery and the sauce was not as flavorful. It almost seemed as if the chicken was microwaved. Maybe it was an off day or maybe something changed. Not sure if I would go back to try it again.I love this place. My favorite sandwich is the Seoul man. The smoked whiz on the fries are great too. Chicken cutlets are fantastic. During these crazy times it's nice to get a great sandwich and sit outside Human Robot and drink a beer. I wish I can give you 10 stars.They straight up gave me an ice cold sandwich i paid and the service women working at the moment immediately gave me a sandwich I didn't even see her make it through the clear glass working window out here in Fishtown Pennsylvania not too mention walking up too the window 8 minutes prior in the snow as she looked at me and slowly came too take my order with no one else in the line :/ I don't know if it was a race thing or not but being a person of color that what it sure felt like . Im disappointed all i wanted was a good sandwich.The food was decent but definitely not worth the price.  The sandwiches were on the smaller size. It was good but I've had better.Really wanted to like this place. But our overall experience was pretty bad. They forgot a sandwich in our pickup order and when we drove back to go get it, they gave us a sandwich with rock-hard way overcooked  bread, so we asked for a new one which hadn't been sitting in the oven. When we finally got to eat our sandwiches, we were all underwhelmed. The mush  was basically breading with the thinnest piece of chicken, lacked enough sauce, and was overall tough and chewy. The cheesesteak has an amazing pepper relish but they forgot to put cheese on the sandwich (we weren't going to go back AGAIN). However, the meatball got great reviews. So maybe stick with the meatballs if you're going to go.Hands down: my favorite sandwich spot in the tri-state area. Every single ingredient tastes so fresh, the bread is always perfect, and the menu is to die for. The hours are fantastic, and the people running the show are always so friendly, and quick. 
I am a vegetarian, and there's countless options. I try something new every time I'm there, and not one time have been disappointed. 
Keep up the good work homiesOrdered the pork sandwich ($12) and when we got it home there was nothing on it but green. Called to stress our disappointment and was talked to in a defensive tone like I did something wrong. Extremely unprofessional and most of all disheartening that people are capitalizing on our neighborhood. We'll stick with Paesano's.Great flavors but almost all of their sandwiches are dry, which seems very counterintuitive for a place designed as munchie food.We ordered sandwiches there twice in one weekend. As we were super excited about Poe's based on the reviews. Plus we  sandwiches! 
My fave sandwich was the chicken with the ranch sauce, bacon and French fries. I would definitely order this again. 
The other 3 sandwiches we tried were NOT memorable and in fact the meatball sandwich was super spicy (I wish I had known it was even a little spicy on the menu) and the meat was mush and and then I discovered that the meat was actually pink and uncooked, which ruined my appetite. My partner had some other sandwiches and is not picky but was unhappy with both of them. They take cash only but the to-go window was sort of unprofessional and I was concerned based on the person taking my order if they would even get things right. So they could use a lesson in professionalism and they could tweak some of their sandwiches so that they can be better than the other sandwich joints in the area.When this place first opened, I would have given it 5 stars. The sandwiches were delicious and the prices were reasonable. Not only have the prices increased a lot, but the quality has dipped alongside it. The ingredients don't taste fresh anymore and the chicken has been chewy the previous times I've ordered. I'd maybe be fine with it if the sandwiches costed less than $10, but $13 is absurd for the quality of them. Probably won't be returning for a long time until the prices are more reasonable.Poe's is a actually a window to order from inside human robot. It took us a moment to figure that out. They make some of the best sandwiches I've had. The roasted pork is great as is the pork with black bean paste. Both are big and heat up really well as leftovers. Try the loaded fries too! We'll be back here for sure!A sandwich joint in a brewery, that's Poe's! Located in the kitchen of human robot, but still operating as it's own business, Poe's is doing their own take on the hoagie. You have your choice of over 20 sandwiches with features including cutlet offerings, hometown faves like a cheesesteak or even vegetarian friendly options. 
My go to is the skinny Joey, although admittedly nothing felt skinny about this sandwich. If you don't have a baby bib close by, snag a napkin because the oil from the pork is a dripper, but YOLO! The skinny Joey comes with pulled pork, broccoli rabe, long hots, provolone and horseradish mayo. 
I've also tried the wook fries, that are equally as yummy. Pro Tip for take out orders - ask for the ranch and/or hot sauce on the side, to prevent the fries from getting soggy.