Went there for dinner Friday, December 1, 2017 & with my order I asked for a small cup to get water. I was told that they don't do that, they have to charge me for an empty cup. I have eaten at other Popeyes and never been told I have to pay for a glass of water or just the cup. Just bring your own water or your own cup when you go to eat at this popeyes (1516 chestnut st. Philadelphia).Horrible service, cashiers have extremely bad customer service. I did not appreciate how my box of chicken was just thrown on the counter with no respect for me as a paying customer, this type of service is just inappropriate and unacceptable!Popeyes normally ranks in the top 3 of my favorite fast food places, but... not this one. The spicy chicken wasn't spicy, and the meat inside was dry and stringy, and a bit rubbery. The line was very long, and the tables inside were very dirty. Not sure I'd come back to this particular Popeyes.Where to start. Their service was not welcoming or easy to approach. Although they greeted us as guest, it really just felt like we were a number for their sales quota. I ordered a number 3 and even described what I wanted. The cashier changed it to spicy , when I ordered mild, and to tenders when I asked for the mixed pieces. 
Worse part was that I ordered not alot of food compared  to my group of friends and I ordered towards the beginning and still got my food last. Then it seemed she was confused with other customer's orders. Overall, not a good look or vibe from this location.Very untidy, the worker didn't even care, they stood behind the counter talking while the restaurant was filthy from the door to the registerOkay. It's...Popeye's. The Chestnut location is waaay better than the S Broad one. Chestnut Popeye's actually gets the order right, and their chicken doesn't taste like it's been sitting out for 2 hours then reheated. I'd like to think I'm a connoisseur on Popeye's since I'm originally from New Orleans (Louisiana is where Popeye's started), and I've been eating Popeye's chicken since as long as I can remember.
The only thing that "annoys" me is when you ask for ketchup they only give you, like, 3 packets. I'm sorry but are you rationing ketchup for some reason? But, it's not really a big deal. I can easily just go up to the counter and get more. Other than that, it's good, fast and I can't stop eating their battered fries. They're addictive. 
Just remember to go at a non-peak hour because the lines can get long and seating can be hard to find during those times.I normally love coming to Popeyes, but this last visit was a nightmare. I put my order in and was told it would take three minutes. Twenty minutes later, I asked about my order and was once again told it would be three minutes. Apparently this was because they never actually told the cook to make my order. After another five minutes, I was handed my order very unapologetically. Not even a single "Sorry" from the employees.It's a Popeyes, so the food is awesome, but they tried to charge me $1.99 for a cup of water, and said that they don't have "courtesy" water.I came here on a rainy cold Thursday night around 7:30pm. This place looks new-ish with the thousand flavor combination coke machine which is a nice touch but the chicken and biscuits aren't as hot and fresh as other Popeye's locations but the mashed potatoes was good. The restaurant was also fairly empty at this point in the night.It's Popeye's, so you know what to expect. You can get your fried chicken fix, but this location has a particular problem with beggars who hang hide at the entrance and beg as soon as you walk in.  They're able to easily hide from the staff there just because of how things are arranged.This is by far the worst customer service in Philadelphia. The entire staff is rude. The cashier's look miserable. While I waited in line I witnessed a cashier argue with a customer about a mistake that she made. Instead of apologizing and correcting her mistake, she proceeds to insult the customer. This location needs to be closed.The service is crap. It's a shame that their chicken is so good because sometimes you just gotta bite the bullet and not get acknowledged when you're at the counter and wait a couple of minutes until the workers are done gossiping. Restaurant is dirty.Sitting here in Popyes after ANNIHILATING the two piece special. It's 10:30 on a Tuesday night and the chicken and biscuit were hot and fresh. The mac and cheese ain't big mamas but it's thick and creamy. However, this review is about the fly customer service I received at the counter. This young lady should be working at Del Friscos down the street. I wasn't sure what I wanted and she thoughtfully suggested the two piece since I was buying for just me. When she was offering side order choices, she asked if I ate pork and told me which menu items contained pork and which ones didn't. I just thought the whole encounter was exceptional and it made me glad I'd gone to Popeys instead of...somewhere else.I ordered spicy chicken but the chicken pieces were not spicy at all. The cole slaw was bad.Pros: 
-Hits the spot when you're feeling the need for friend chicken and plain good comfort food
-the daily deals are really great
-service is fast
Cons: 
-the actual resaturant is constantly dirty and trashy because of the amount of people who go inVery unprofessional serving staff. I asked a question about the menu and the staff at the desk was very rude and mean and did not have an attitude fit for the service industry.Fries were dry, hard, and chewy. They tasted like they'd been sitting there for a long time. Chicken was cold. Customer service is non existent.Was told my order would be ready in 7 min. 10 min Later I was told they forgot to cook the chicken I ordered so I could wait longer or get spicy. I took the spicy chicken and was also given the wrong side. So, mild tenders with Cole slaw ended up as spicy tenders with fries.Showed up to try the new chicken sandwich. 15 people in front of me. Lots of activity behind the counter but no movement in the line.  Waited 10 + minutes, looked up and now 16 people in front of me (one had sat down for a while).  The glass door was smeared with worrisome substances, some consumptive coughing (in the kitchen area). So, thought, "...you aren't that hungry". Left after 12 minute wait, now 17 people in front of me.Horrible customer service , i went there today on my lunch break. I ordered 2 meals the young lady cashier with red and blonde braids needs to get fired! she took my order and was completely rude! As the manager stood there and allowed her to have an attitude! if you do not like your job find another one! Since when is it ok to roll your eyes at a guest? All because she didn't "hear" me ask for 2 meals ? then i went to hand her my card to pay and she says " uhm you do see you insert your card right there" ( rolls eyes again ) ! absolutely disgusted! NEVER AGAIN will i spend a dime in there ! And to finish this off the store is gross , clean up pleasedo not make me explain Popeyes to you. either do or do not. have a few pieces of dark, skip the wings.THIS PLACE IS HORRIBLE‼The employee named Niya swept the floor while people were trying to sit and eat and slammed the tables back against the wall. Then a lady and her husband comes in to purchase food and was given back the wrong change, the entire cashier staff ganged up on them calling them every name you can think of. They then started to tell her that she shouldn't be worrying about $15 because that's nothing, your husband should give you more money than that. She then wanted to return her food and they told her NO!! You will mess up my drawer if I do that. I felt bad for that woman and her husband. They also lost a lot of customers because no one paid attention to the line. One last walked out with her son and said " we will go to another Popeyes because this one has too much drama. After that happened, Niya then decided to go on a break and had a cursing conversation with a co-worker and then proceeded to have a cursing conversation on facetime with no headphones on. In other words, this place is GHETTO and the entire staff needs to be FIRED! I WILL BE CONTACTING CORPORATE!Managers need to be very careful who they place behind the registers. CUSTOMER SERVICE IS KEY! If you can't handle it -- leave the job and make way for someone who can. I refuse to patronize a business that consistently allows its employees to act as they wish. That's NOT how business works.This is the rudeness Popeyes I have ever been to. The staff is unbelievable rude. Specially when the one taking our order is their manager! The lady that's wearing a blue shirt. I will never come back to the Popeyes, I came for the chicken. Not for their rudeness. Please kick this manager and swap the whole group please ! Having these rude people take my order make me feel disgusting.This Popeyes is the worst establishment I've ever been to!! The customer service is terrible, the workers don't care, and they cannot seem to get an order right! I was ignored by workers when I asked about my food after 20 minutes of waiting. Please save your dollars and do not come here.The interior of this Popeys is clean, and obviously recently installed. They have next-generation soda machines. My fries tasted freshly-prepared, and the chicken was good. The employees are friendly and attentive. This is definitely one of the better fast food joints in Center City.At 4 pm on a Saturday every table in the restaurant was dirty with trash or food.  The service area and soda had trash on counter tops.  A homeless woman came in, went through the trash and pulled out a soda cup and a chicken breast.  She proceeded to eat the chicken on her way to the soda fountain to fill her cup.  Nasty Nasty Nasty place.Seemed like a promising location. Then I saw something absolutely unacceptable for any dining establishment.
About a week ago, I was here waiting in line when a younger gentleman was standing around the side of the register, looking pretty upset. When a manager walked by, he stopped him and told him that instead of the chicken tenders he ordered for his kids, they gave him chicken instead. The manager didn't seem too concerned, even though the guy was kind of making a scene, saying things like "if you're going to [mess] up, don't do it when it's 19 degrees outside and make me walk 20 minutes back here!"
Then, the manager did something that blew my mind. He gave the guy his correct order of chicken tenders, but then he took the fried chicken that the guy had taken to his house and brought back, checked it to see if it was normal or spicy, then THREW IT BACK ON TOP OF THE WARMER WITH THE REST OF THE CHICKEN TO BE SOLD.  That's right, he took chicken that had been to some guy's house, with kids, then returned it and mixed it in with the rest of the chicken to be sold again. That's got to be some kind of food safety violation, right?
I'd be less concerned if it was just an employee who didn't know better, but the fact that a manager did this makes me think this location routinely commits all kinds of safety violations to save a buck or two. 
The customer who got the wrong order was flabbergasted. I walked out, as did another woman behind me in line who saw whole thing.If you are looking for somewhere that's filthy and disgusting with rude employees look no further. This Popeyes is easily one of the worst I have been to. The sign above the register said they had a 20 piece boneless wings for $9.99 but when i ordered I was told I can only get a 24 piece for $15.99. When I question the very rude employee at the register about it she said the sign was wrong and they can only order what the register says. Then while the store was full of customers waiting to order their food, one of the employees just left the register empty to talk with her friends who came to visit her and started yelling across the restaurant to speak with them. Supervision is definitely missing at this restaurantThe fluorescent lighting at this Popeye's is pretty dim, but that doesn't mean there has to be shade everywhere. It was 6pm on Monday night and there were two of us in line. I was debating on what to get and the cashier insisted on saying "Next person" several times in a span of a minute. I really don't see the urgency on getting rid of the two people in line. I finally stepped up to order and they just continued to look down and pretend I'm not at the register. It was a rather bewildering scenario aka terrible customer service.
I received my order very quickly and was excited to go home and eat some fried chicken. I started chowing down on my drumstick (which was both crunchy and juicy) then decided to go for the Cajun rice - only to find out that a good chunk of it was missing! It literally looks like someone took a scoop out of my Cajun rice. It was very dry anyway, so I guess I wasn't missing out on much.I love Popeyes but the staff here are rude and mean. They love to order people around and yell at us while we are waiting for our food. Need some stress management or yoga.They have the worst customer service I have ever experienced. I have come here multiple times as it is super cheap and very convenient, but their customer service is so bad it makes coming here a pain. I really like the Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday deal that was a two piece combo for less than 5 dollars. My issue is that when ordering they are not helpful, rude, and truly do not want to give even half decent customer service. I ordered a large mashed potatoes and it came half filled, when I asked an employee about it she literally said: that is just how we fill it. I was truly so confused about how anyone fills a side only half way and offers no help when a customer confronts them about it. It is also not super clean in there. There are rarely ever clean tables and there is often flies all over the walls. While the food is good, the customer service and environment makes me not want to come back.Dreadful place. It is dark, dirty with rude employees. Of course nobody at corporate cares since they are making alot of money on a highly overrated chicken sandwich being sold primarily  to black people.Ordered 5 pieces and only got 4 and no biscuit.  These people either can't count or they ate ma chicken!!We came here to try the chicken sandwich everybody is raving about. The chicken was dry, not crispy and not savory. I was very disappointed. The bread was plain and not even warm. I think the chicken sandwich is overrated as what people describe it to be. I will not recommend this to my friends.This is a small location, so it does get uncomfortably crowded by the register with people waiting for food or using the self serve soda machine. At least the service is fast. The Cajun food is an embarrassment that is nothing like what you get in New Orleans. But the chicken and biscuits are great, and that's why this was a welcome addition to the center city food scene when it opened. Don't be tempted by the other food items. Stick with ordering what they do best - fried chicken that is much better and cheaper than federal donuts.Cheers to the disgusting quality of stale old food I ordered through Uber Eats from you just now as well as paying for an extra mashed potatoes that never came nor did my Diet Coke that was supposed to come with the order which the driver went back for and you guys were out of mashed potatoes.  The food was awful and I paid for food I didn't even get.  I heard you were really rude to the driver as well.  Awesome service.  If you hate your job so much why don't you quit because working at Popeyes literally takes zero skill.As much as I despise entering the Popeyes at this location, I keep coming back for the fried shrimp and sides.
I personally enjoy the food at Popeyes, but the service and experience is absolutely terrible. The employees are pretty rude and disrespectful almost every time I go. Unfortunately I usually try to keep minimum communication with them as possible even if that means accepting an incorrect order. 
There was one instance when I waited in line for about 15 min(I'm assuming it was for the chicken sandwich) and when I finally reach the cashier, I am told they don't have fried shrimp. There was no sign stating this and I have only ever gone to Popeyes for that.
Customer service really needs to be improved at this location.Just moving back to Philadelphia following a long period of quarantine, I was in need of a pick me up while I adjusted back in my apartment and had yet to do grocery shopping. I have been LONGING to try the infamous Popeye's Chicken Sandwich, spoken of by many as the best chicken sandwich they have ever had. 
I found my experience to be remarkable- I received the spicy chicken sandwich and found it AMAZING. I have also never tried the Cajun Fries from Popeye's before- YOU WILL LOVE THEM. I was absolutely obsessed. 
Service from Popeye's was very uniform and clear with pandemic restrictions. I could call from outside of the restaurant, and my order was brought out to me following a short wait. If you have not gone to Popeye's yet (particular for the Chicken Sandwich), I highly suggest you put that near the top of your to-do list!Ok location. It has the Coke machine serving all those flavors that's a plus- I come here for my biscuit cravings- it's no fine dining. It's Popeyes! 
Ppl are generally niceIt's a small store in center city and it gets crowded fast. This seems to be a prime delivery spot as the drivers are in and out a lot faster than the people waiting in line or waiting for their orders. Speaking of order, there is none. one line for drivers and in store customers. Most drivers just walk up to the front and shove their phone in the persons face demanding the delivery order. It was crazy as I waited for about 25 minutes for 2 chicken sandwiches and strawberry lemonade that were totally forgotten about. I'll probably go back, but it'll only be out of the convenience of me just being in the area.Tbh the staff are rude and show how
Much they hate on beautiful women by how rude anD nasty they are. Just sad. I ordered food with my little sisters, the girl gave me a attitude each time I had to respnd to her. Very uncomfortable and not only that, they acted like I couldn't ask them anything and after  all that attitude they gave me. They got my order wrong and I spent $38. Also their uniform didn't look clean and they had on house scarfs under their hat. Not hair nets. House scarfs muslims where and their hair was still put in the back .....smh ratchet ratchet and bad attitudes from the females. You can tell where they are from. Please hire new management and a new teaa with a better spirit These people need tto work in the area they are from. We shouldn't have to deal with thEE whole block trying have beef over you ordering at a place of service.I ordered a takeout lunch... original chicken sandwich- no pickles (said it more than once); small fries and chocolate beignets. Lots of confusion behind the counter. Waited 10 mins for cold fries, a lukewarm oily chicken sandwich with 4 pickles on it, stale bread. The beignets were the only things that were hot. This $11 experience reminded me why I stopped going to fast food joints as an adult. Better price, service and food at a hot dog cart.This was my first time coming here, and it was dreadful. I ordered spicy mixed chicken with 2 large sides and 7 biscuits to treat my coworkers, and she somehow changed it to mild. I didn't realize this until I looked at the receipt. It said mild on there even though I said spicy. I apologized to her and told her it was actually spicy chicken. She then told me off about making her go all the way to the mild chicken instead of the spicy ones. Alright, I apologized again. It was indeed my fault for not realizing it earlier. I apologized to her yet again when she was bagging up my order because I did feel bad. 
I was trying very hard to not get upset since it was during lunch time and the store was quite crowded. However, one of the large sides was wrong too. My biscuits were also missing. They weren't even there. The box that was supposed to contain biscuits have one piece of chicken in it.   ??? I ran out of excuses to defend this place at this point. It seems like many other reviews also contain bad customer service stories.Food is good. Staff is friendly, but we're not wearing masks over nose. The gentleman took his mask of entirely who was serving drinks..This location is horrible! Staff rude and very nasty.  The hours of operation listed on the door state 10:30am- 11pm Monday- Friday. The staff did not unlock the doors until 11 am. No apology,  how can I help you, what can we do for you today.  Instead customers were greeted with rude and nasty attitudes. It does not matter where you work, or how much you get paid you should take pride in the service you are providing for people.I went here per my friends recommendation to check out the fresh new location. I got the $5 dollar big box which was a steal. You can either get two pieces of chicken (upcharge for breast) or three tenders, two sides, and a biscuit. For 5 dollars. You can also add a drink for an extra dollar. Chicken was fresh and sides were good. Service was also really friendly, and the only negative was the slowly service (they were pretty backed up during the lunch hour)
Worth checking out if you love that Louisiana fried chicken. Definitely try the spicy since it has a nice kick. 
Enjoy!The employees suck
The service sucks
The food sucks
The store is dirty
Ordered a spicy chicken sandwich and a chicken sandwich combo. Gave me a sandwich made with 2 chicken tenders instead of a spicy chicken filet.  The regular chicken sandwich was made properly with a chicken filet. The fries were underdone and soggy. Went online to share my feedback and they never gave me my validation code. 
Skip this location and go to the one on S Broad stmake sure u check your food b4 u leave my chicken leg was burnt I had to beg to get another 1 and most tables r dirty I wouldn't eat insideThe service is pretty spotty even before Covid (regularly would miss items that I ordered), but it's completely gone downhill now. Per mobile app, we ordered ~5 min ahead of time, but waited over an hour for the order. When we got the order, they were missing the biscuits and we waited another 20 minutes. No apologies at all. I love their chicken and fries, but the customer service is not worth it.They are rude and very unprofessional. I stopped by tonight at 9:50pm and the worker behind the counter said they were closed when the sign on the door says it's open until 11pm. She laughed and said "we're closed" three times as I looked at my watch. I will never go back to this establishment when the employees are rude to customers without explanation on why it was closing earlier. The woman needs to be fired and there were 3 other customers inside the Popeyes that were getting their food.IF I COULD CHOOSE NO STARS I WOULD!! I bought chicken tenders for my 1 year old and get back to the hotel and this is what the chicken looks like!! RAW CHICKEN!!! 
So disappointed and sick to my stomach!This was a nice, clean Popeyes restaurant, which isn't as common as it should be for this chain. The food was fresh & delicious and I got great service by the manager. I hope the manager molds his staff by his example; if so, this should continue to be one of Philly's best Popeyes.