Food was well prepared and fresh. I had the oso bucco ravioli. The ravioli were definitely homemade, they were a little light on the filling which made them less flavourful then they should have been. Service was great,  the place was so loud the wait staff had a hard time hearing us unless we raised our voice. Good place. Extremely tiny and tables are jammed in. Not recommended for a date night. With so many great places to eat in this neighborhood the only thing that would bring me back is the fact it's bring your own bottle. Otherwise I know I could find something as good or better with less noise, a tad more elbow room, and more flavorcrappy restarurant with awful service and rude waiter. if you are looking for a GOOD BYO italian restaurant, go to La Baia on 17th and Lombard!I frequent the Rittenhouse Square area often as an old friend runs a bar down the street, and have passed Porcini's many times. Having had a date last Saturday, I thought it would have been a good opportunity to try it out. 
The layout of the restaurant left some to be desired, as the host stand is at the back, and the place is very small save for the upstairs, but they were able to sit us almost immediately in the upstairs dining room which was small, yet charming, and slightly more roomy. A gentleman who I am guessing was the co-owner was very friendly and ensured our 8:00 reservation was filled and the wine poured. The service wasn't slow, though awkward. It seemed that our server was there when we didn't need her, yet not there when we did, though she had a very friendly demeanor and was not rushing us in the least.
The food was delicious, though a few things stood out to me as peculiar, hence the 4 stars instead of 5. This was a legit Italian restaurant, yet they had ravioli as an antipasto. Anybody who knows Italian knows this means "before" the pasta, not the pasta itself. Secondly, the bread, which was very good, came with butter, and not Olive Oil. Again, this was an Italian restaurant, not an Applebee's. 
For our appetizer we ordered eggplant, which was okay. Was sliced a bit too thin, though this may have been personal preference, but in doing so was masked by the (delicious) red gravy and (addictive) mozzarella, which was very fresh, so while I may not have been tasting the eggplant, I was tasting some very delicious flavors. 
Our main courses came in due time afterwards, enough to let our eggplant digest, but not enough time to make us forget. I ordered the special, linguine in a light vodka cream sauce with salmon and capers, my date ordered the canneloni. Both were inspired. Not the gigantic portions known to most frequent Italian restaurant goers in Philadelphia, but just enough. The flavors were subtle, yet plentiful. 
We did skip dessert in favor of coffee. I ordered a double espresso, my date a cappucino (I know, but she was cute, so it's okay). The waittress came out with a regular and double cappucino. Wasn't the end of the world, so I just enjoyed it, and it was good, but just speak up if you want an espresso. 
Overall I recommend this place, mainly for the main courses, but am willing to go back and give it another shot and give Porcini's their 5th star. I hope I can!Came here with my girlfriend on a Monday night and took advantage of the Yelp coupon (which you should too).
Ambiance: Home-y but very small and cramped. Luckily it wasn't too busy on a Monday night. Can't imagine the place packed given it was already hard to hold a conversation given we could hear the other two tables talking around us (BYOB makes everyone a bit louder).
Service: There was one waiter and one busboy working and they had everything covered. Made solid food recommendations and were attentive. Our waiter was also extremely friendly.
Food: Solid italian food. Nothing out of this world, but good. We got a special appetizer - Italian Empanada...Sounds weird, but it was very flaky, delicious party in a slightly spicy marinara. Very delicious. My main entre was the beef osso bucco. The meat was delicious, but don't expect any bone marrow with this dish. My girlfriend ordered a fettucine special which was ok. Noodles were homemade, but the sauce was a little off.
All in all, a reasonably priced Italian BYOB. Just don't come expecting the absolute best italian food.Food is average, but the place is too cramped. The owners are also just not friendly. I was made to wait outside in the cold because somebody in my party arrived late despite having a reservation and nobody else in line.A great family run little BYOB with absolutely fantastic food and even better service. There is no better Italian in Philly. My Sicilian grandmother loved it, what more proof do you need?
Stop reading this and go there. Do it now.I've eaten at porcini two or three times now and it is totally tiny and cramped but I've never been disappointed with my meal. I would agree that it can be uncomfortable if it's too crowded but if you've been there before or if you've read these reviews then just know that's the case and expect it!  the food is always fresh and filling and the owner treats everyone like a regular. I would agree that you can do a cheaper BYO for sure, but I would definitely recommend it anyway.  It's certainly deserving of at the very least three stars across the board and if you hit it on the right night and it's not totally slammed it's 5 stars for sure.Great great place. Everything in this tiny restaurant was quality..from the friendly service to the amazing food. The staff makes you feel like you're home.We eat out alot and had heard extremely good things about Porcini.  A pet peeve of ours is making us wait for table when there are a bunch in the room.  It was odd to have that happen, not a show stopper though.  They take their time throughout the meal (not TOO long, but it's a nice pace to let you talk with friends for an evening out).  Nice atmosphere. The food was very good, you will leave not too stuffed, but just right.  Homemade Ravioli are extremely good.  Worth the trip to try a new restaurant - be sure to bring Yelp's $20 coupon.  ENJOY!This is a great little BYO on Sansom, right down the street from Melograno.  Not sure how I've never been there, but armed with a bottle of white, stopped in for a Thursday night dinner.  We shared the octopus and calamari and appetizer which wasn't the best I've ever had, but it was cooked properly.  Bread with olive oil and ricotta was nice, but would be better if they warmed the bread.  I had the eggplant appetizer with a side of fettuccine for my entree.  It was really good, although their tomato sauce is a little on the salty side for my taste.  The eggplant was cooked really nicely though, and I ate the whole thing.  
Service was great.  Our waitress was very attentive and everyone there was very friendly.  They must have a large room upstairs because there was a birthday party for 30 people up there.  The main dining area is tiny.The best Italian I have had in years (and I'm Italian!!). Owner David is so friendly and makes everyone feel like his best friend. And it's not fake, it's genuine and fun!Went here last night, we weren't able to sit for 45 minutes after our reservation. Luckily it wasn't freezing because we had to stand outside the restaurant because it is so small. So be advised this is not a place where you will sit at your reservation time. It's more of a longer dinner. 
Although there was a hug wait the food was really good. The waitstaff was nice and let us have a long meal and open plenty bottles of wine. The cypress salad was amazing I had the fetticini bolognese which was also fantastic. The pasta was so light I was able to eat my whole plate! The olive oil they give you to start with has cheese in it it is delicious. My friend had a special with squid ink pasta and crab claws. It was also really good. I highly recommend it for the food if you have the time for a longer dinner.Place is a bit uncomfortable given the cramped space which meant wait staff kind of suddenly appear over your shoulder and struggle to get plates on / off the table.
Special of the night, octopus, was well cooked but was way too garlicky. Tasted as if garlic had burned in the oil, fished out, and recooked with fresh garlic, not nice.
Pasta dishes were good and generous portion.
Overall, service was fast and food reasonable but ambience was a bit creepy.I have had Porcini bookmarked for months with the intention of giving this cute little byo a go, and last night I finally had my chance. We actually made the "reservation" on the drive over through open table via yelp (super convenient - other restaurants need to get on board). We started out with the grilled octopus and baby calamari appetizer.. Light and refreshing. I ordered the ravioli in a pecorino cream sauce and my boyfriend ordered the spaghetti and seafood (shrimp & scallops) special. My dish was excellent and similar to the appetizer, I was surprised at the freshness of the seafood in my boyfriend's entree however his pasta was over cooked. We also redeemed the check in offer for the free dessert but I couldn't tell you much about it as the boyfriend ate it all to make up for his lack of entree. Poor guy. The staff here is all seemingly very friendly and I'm sure they would have redone the dish had he asked. 
Overall, I may come back but I do think there are better byo options in the city on a similar price scale.I was excited to try this restaurant. I was in from Los Angeles visiting family and Yelp had such great things to say. Then I asked to use the restroom. 
I poked my head in the kitchen and asked the brothers where it was. The chef brother told me I was interrupting him and his brother and that the only place I was allowed to talk to my server was on the floor. I thought he was kidding and the server brother sent me to the restroom. 
I came back from the restroom and the chef brother stopped me as I passed the kitchen to tell me that I was never allowed to come near his kitchen and that I needed to get the hell out of his restaurant. I told him I would be happy to leave since he was obviously insane. 
The server brother came back to ask to the kitchen to investigate why the chef brother was yelling at a customer. As we left I heard the brothers going at it again. 
The service was terrible. Because the brothers were having a bad day it was literally impossible for our table to complete placing an order without our server walking away while someone was speaking. We waited at least 15 minutes to place an order while watching the brothers argue in the door to the kitchen. 
The food we got, bread and either whipped butter in a dish of oil, was revolting. Primarily because none of us could figure out if it was whipped butter or some sort of soft cheese. 
It's obvious this is not the first time there two have had these kinds of arguments in their restaurant with customers present based on how easily they engaged in their unprofessional behavior. It's also obvious by how the chef brother treated me that I am not the first customer he has blown up at for no reason. 
The relationship between these brothers and their inability to maintain professionalism is going to bring this restaurant down. You simply can't treat customers, or co-workers, the way they treat them.Good service, not much ambiance.  Dishes were simply dull.  There are plenty of byo Italian joints in Philly, so you've got to do better than just putting food on a plate.My husband and I were underwhelmed with the food at Porcini.  We had the asparagus and artichoke appetizers and they were nice, but nothing special.  For entrees we had the oxtail ravioli and fettuccine bolognese.  The pasta was homemade, so that was good, but the sauces and overall flavors were just blah.  I've had much better italian food other places, and for less money.
The place is very small and therefore felt cramped and also got pretty loud.  The service was fine, but overall, given the prices at this place, we will not make any special effort to go back.One of the best gems in Philly! Love this place! Very small and quaint.I have been to Porcini many times over the past couple years, it is my favorite Italian byob. 
Me and my husband love it so much we had our rehearsal dinner here the night before our wedding. The private room upstairs was perfectly accommodating for our small dinner party, under 20 people. We were able to drop off cases of wine and beer a few days ahead of time, and when we showed up the beers were chilling on ice and everything was ready to go. Steven and David were amazing to work with, no surprise they put together an outstanding menu for the night, and made me and my family feel right at home. The cozy intimate environment was exactly what we were looking for, and the price was right.This place a little hidden gem, staff is so friendly I felt like I was home in my Moms kitchen. Had a very good meal for restaurant week. Would definitely recommend and can't wait to go again.Oh my deliciousness!!! Went here last night at the last minute with my friends...they had a reservation for 5, but the staff was very gracious to change it to 6 at the last minute!!  I have been dying to try this place after walking past it about 43 times.  FInally, I got my wish. 
The owner is such a sweet, friendly man and greeted my friend, who made the reservation, by name.  He sure knows how to run a restaurant.  
The food is seriously amazing.  Everything comes out seriously, piping hot! I couldn't decide what to get, so I made a split second decision and went for the Canelloni(sp?).  Oh. My. God. I honestly wanted to lick the plate. It was that good....everything about it is utter perfection: the portion size, the sauce, the cheese...oh so good!
As for the others: Diver Scallops - they looked SO good and I hear they were delicious! I'll be getting those next time!; Parpadella with lump crab meat - Looked amazing, and my friend, who is a bit of a foodie, said it was divine; Rigatoni with Sausage - my friend, Brian wanted to lick his plate, need I say more?!; Veal Medallions - I'm not into veal, but apparently it was seriously good stuff! 
I can't wait to go back!! It may be tiny, but it packs a serious punch! It's definitely in my top 2 Italian BYO's in the city!I took my boyfriend here for his birthday dinner last night.  I had ordered a cake from Termini Bros. with an inscription, so I called ahead to see if they would serve it after dinner as a surprise.  They were completely gracious and accomodating about it, and I was able to drop off the cake at my convenience.
We were seated promptly at a large table (well, 2 pushed together), andour Amarone was opened for us right away.  Bread (good, but could be better) came with olive oil and a bit of ricotta.  My man had a very yummy special gnocchi appetizer and I had the prosciutto salad, which was excellent, if a bit small.  Dinner was a grilled chicken dish (tasty, but a bit stingy on the portion), and I had the special spagetti fra diablo with scallops, which was just perfect.  Service by David (?) was super friendly and attentive but unintrusive.  The cake was presented with candles after dinner, and we ended up sharing it with the kitchen and a few other patrons, which seemed to make everyone happy. :)  We hung out and chatted over cappucino with some girls who were English soccer fans, which was cool for my Brit boyfriend (Go Arsenal!).  All in all, it was a perfectly lovely evening, and Porcini made his birthday special.  Thanks guys!Porcini is one of two places in the city I would actually pay for Italian food from (Vetri being the other, which would get 40 stars if I could, just saying). 
Price: You can spend a small fortune if you so desire, but sticking to only a pasta dish and sharing a dessert is a surprisingly affordable meal that ranks in the echelon of the most expensive meals Philly has to offer... it is really that good. 
The decor is... who cares? It's a small hole in the wall chef/owner ran operation where you sit elbow to elbow with vibrant patrons who take their time and obviously enjoy conversation and good food. I think there is even a window unit air conditioner.  If you come here, you take your time and appreciate your company and the chef's banter, not the Stephen Starr Disneyland theme park. 
Food: The fresh pasta is really the star and he makes the fluffiest gnocchi out of any I have had. His ricotta is simplicity in form and along with the quality EVOO gets you excited for what else might come. The fish entrees are always perfectly cooked, seasoned, dressed, selected... keep going with qualifications, they are all met. His red sauce is so simple and light but unbelievably flavorful it confuses you. Dessert options are usually limited but I would never order anything other than the cannoli ... using his fresh ricotta with studs of chocolate and a perfectly crunchy shell beats anything from a bakery (note: if I recall, he does not make the shells). Try it if you dare. 
The portions are not large but I wouldn't call them small either... you will go home satisfied. As another reviewer mentioned, I can appreciate a properly sized portion. 
Bullet points: Homemade pasta, homemade sauces, homemade cheese (not all of course)... not a single item is ever off target from the appetizers to the desserts. BYOB if you so desire (and you should, if only to offer to another table in need).Always a joy to get back to Porcini! David always makes you feel like a part of the family. The food last night was great and service was wonderful! Can't wait until our next meal.Fantastic Italian BYO in Rittenhouse area.  Daniel, the Maitre d' and part owner, is extremely engaging and conversational and even had a special veal dish that was not on the menu made that was phenomenal.  A bit cozy and popular but I can see why after having the food.  Don't forget the creme pastry dessert...incredible.  Will be back for sure, and often!As a big lover of BYO's, Porcini was on my list for restaurant week. You pick your app & entree, and they give a salad for the table and two desserts to share (for a table of two). It was satisfactory, but not sure if I'd elect to go back just because there are so many excellent BYO's around. 
I got brussels for my app and rigatoni salsiccia, my friend ordered burrata and the cheese raviolis. We both liked our appies, our salad wasn't a hit (it had pickles in it, and a lemony-briney dressing?), and she loved the ravs. My rigatoni was okay and the sausage was excellent. The desserts were also good, it was tiramisu and another type of creamy cake.Porcini is our favorite local dinner place and we hope to be considered regulars soon. It's is owned and operated by two brothers and I love how personable and attentive they are. We are always greeted at the door by David with a handshake, hug and a big smile and great to see you! And you can usually see Steven in the front of the house by the end of the night too!
The ambiance is very quaint and tiny but in an adorable and very familial way. Everyone feels like family and that's how you are treated. Reservations are helpful but waiting on Sansom street is pretty and not too bad either. 
The food is absolutely out of this world delicious. I often have a hard time getting something different because of how much I'm craving whatever I had last time (typically the ravioli in pecorino sauce) but when I try other peoples dishes I realize I absolutely cannot go wrong. The bolognese, oso bucco, caprese, creme pastry are all to die for. I've really never tasted anything here without uttering the words "that's delicious!" Immediately after. 
We love Porcini and cannot wait to go back as frequently as possible!Stop looking for an Italian byob right now and just go here. In fact pick up the phone right now because it is tiny, and you'll want a reservation. It's worth it! The size and atmosphere completely remind me of many a restaurant in Italy so it's easy to forget you're in Philly and get immersed in this culinary experience! Because boy it is a culinary experience! We started with the garlic bread and one order is not enough! Hands down all 4 of us agreed it's the best garlic bread we've ever had. It is a mistake not to get it! Then we split Caesar salads and calamari. No complaints there! Delish! But omg the entrees! I had a hard time making up my mind, but I went with ossobuco ravioli! Such a unique and interesting twist that was so worth it! The only thing better was my friend's fettuccini bolognese. Sounds simple maybe even boring? I kid you not we were fighting with our elbows to try more and more helpings of this dish! Whatever is in that sauce will have me going back to this place asap! I've already texted my friends and family! I didn't even mention the delicious cannolis or after essentially 3 starters, 4 entrees and 3 desserts it only cost $107 a couple with tip!? Damn straight I will be going back here again and again and again!!!Worst BYOB I've been to ! Came in with a group and as we we're waiting for guests to arrive we asked for bread and were told we can't have bread until we order appetizers. The server never asked us if we wanted appetizers at the time. The server also told my friend to move into table closer two times, very rudely . The tables are like 3 inches apart to begin with! Food was not authentic! Lacked serious flavor! Blah! This is why I cook at home. Tiny cash only BYOB should be more welcomingLove this place.  Amazing home made food.   Wow.  This place is great.  The workers are awesome.  Canolini is spectacular.   Deserts are good too.  Small place so i may not bring a huge group on a bachelor party but it is amazing for a date night.  Great place.  Byob too.  Yeah!Solid homey Italian food in a byob setting. The waitstaff and manager were very accomodating. The food was solid homestyle Italian, not much flair and small portions, but very delicious. Some of the best tomato based sauces in Philly can be found here. The restaurant is very loud and there can be a long line, even at an early hour, but all in all I would recommend the place. Only three desserts to choose from and I thought the apple one was by far the best.We had dinner here at 7PM on a Saturday night with a group of 6. We parked at a lot and only had to walk a few blocks. This place is TEENY TINY. We equated it to eating in a friend's living room. Super cozy.
Our server was very attentive and friendly. This place is BYOB so we snagged 3 bottles before we got there.
We ordered two orders of the garlic bread (OH MY GAH-SO GOOD) and broccoli rabbe. I also got the asparagus, which has a great mix of cheese and tomatoes on top. For my entree, I got the half moon ravioli. The main courses were the perfect size where you weren't left hungry but also didn't leave overly stuffed. 
All of the desserts are good. I could have easily killed a portion of each. I look forward to going back and having some more awesome Italian food!We celebrated a birthday here with 5 people.    For a small venue, the menu was  varied  enough that  each of us selected different things; everything came out quickly, beautifully, and tasted delicious.     As we were having dessert, one of our party felt ill,  she  left the table to go to the restroom and fainted in the kitchen.  The owners were amazing under pressure. The event was brief, but every moment from start to finish  felt like they really cared, and had matters under control.  I thank them for being so caring.   The way they treat their patrons shows in the food  and service.Overall, 4 stars. The food was great but was not welcomed with a warm and inviting feeling. Service was overall good especially since the restaurant is quaint. 
BYOB is always a plus.Great small Italian restaurant. Can get tight and busy, but the food is amazing. Great date spot!After hearing that Porcini was the best BYO Italian in Philly, I made a reservation for a night with the girls.
As others have said, the place is tiny.  Originally our reservation was for 5 but ended up being only 4.  If we had been 5, I have no idea where they would have sat us.
While everything was good, nothing was great and we all agreed that for the most part the portions were too small.
I was quite hungry on this day and even with bread and two shared apps between four of us and my meal, I was definitely still hungry.  Not what I'd expect.
That said, it was a fine experience but I will not return as there are plenty of other restaurants to try.  Leaving a restaurant hungry is not my cup of tea.A great little Italian BYOB place! I went with a date for Valentine's Day, and even though we were a little late for our reservation, they still sat and served us quickly.  It's such a quaint little place. I felt like I was in Italy. I had the fettuccini bolognese, which was in a nice creamy red sauce. It was delicious- the noodles themselves were so good!, and there was enough for leftovers. The only complaint I have is that the tables were extremely close together. I'm talking sharing salt and pepper with the table next to us, tight. Maybe they squeezed in extra tables for Valentine's Day? Whatever the case, it would have been nice to have some wiggle room. Overall, it was a really nice experience!My wife and I were very excited to try this highly recommended BYO. We arrived for our reservation on time and were seated within about 30 minutes. We didn't mind the wait, but like many BYOs, there is no real waiting area. We were able to sit upstairs in an empty dining room (which felt a bit strange) but was not a huge deal.
Once our table was ready, we were shocked to see how small this place actually is. You are literally rubbing elbows, backs, heads and everything else with your fellow patrons. In my opinion, it was a major interference with our overall dining experience. Our table was up against a wall on one side and then another two top was sat to our other side. Too bad for you if you had to use the restroom..... that feat would require asking two to three different tables to stop eating, stand up, and move so you could squeeze through... and then repeat the process when you get back to your seat. I literally felt like an adult trapped inside the dining room of a child's doll house.
I will say that the service was friendly and for the most part very attentive. Unfortunately, the food was average at best. I had the Osso Bucco which looked very impressive and was presented very well, but ultimately let me down. I understand that restaurants often pre-cook menu items that are braised, but you shouldn't be able to tell that it was just plucked from the fridge. The plate was luke warm to chilly and as I worked my way through the pork shank, the meet on the bone was outright cold. Cold pork fat isn't that appetizing. My wife had the Parapadella Porcini which was packed with flavor but was also cold. Both dishes were refrigerator cold not "sitting out to long " cold. This was a big disappointment because the dishes did have great potential. If we decide to try it again, it will definitely be during the week on a less crowded, slower night.Excellent food at a reasonable price and bring your own wine. 
The assagio appetizer for two was a great sampler. We both had pasta with seafood; both were excellent. Cheesecake for dessert was different than what one might expect but still good.See my initial review.
Porcini is consistently our favorite restaurant.  This is what you should expect from a Philadelphia BYOB.Excellent food, friendly staff, warm atmosphere in cozy room.  Wish we had places like this in DC.  And BYOB in addition?  Perfect.The atmosphere and service were passable but the food was truly disappointing.  
My Spaghettini Pescatore was a tiny portion of flavorless dough served in a lagoon of watery sauce.  I would expect such an aqueous mess from a truck stop diner.  There is no excuse for not properly draining your pasta.  Someone a the table next to me ordered the same dish and got about three times the amount of pasta, which points to an inconsistent kitchen.  
My friend reported that he enjoyed his Cannelone but when he gave me a bite from the end, the pasta was dry and crunchy.  On the bright side, the Calamari appetizer was tasty.  The squid was tender and served in a delightful salad whose flavors worked well together.
It was not worth the money, I will not return.Second time here and didn't disappoint! Great atmosphere, awesome food, and BYOB too! A perfect date night location!Porcini is my favorite restaurant when I travel to Philly from New York.  Yes, the place is small but the food and friendly staff make up for it.  This time around we met Steve.  He knew that we had to catch a bus back to NY and he open the restaurant 15 minutes early just for us.  We bought our wine from a liquor store nearby on Chestnut  and 19th Streets.
We were impressed with the food.  It was just delicious. For appetizer we had calamari.  I had a broil fish with potatoes in a special white sauce.  The desserts were delicate and not too sweet.  And the bread was served with butter on a dish with olive oil.
My friends and I will definitely be back.Never will return.  The owner/manager was completely rude.  The place is so tight there was no room to move my seat back.  Felt rushed.  The food itself wasn't something to brag about.  Much better Italian byos in town.The owner is incredible it was my fiances bday and he sang hb in every language for us hes quite entertaining and jovial. Food is like you went to Italy fresh and homemade. Love the chicken dish and the ravioli !!Very small so reservations are a must on weekends.They do take reservations for parties of 6 or more! And the guy on the phone was super nice - I'll have to come back and actually review the food later...
--
ex post facto:  so we couldn't make our 7 pm reservation, which i let them know about at 6:45, and by 6:55 they had already given away our table (a friend of mine showed up at that time to see if we could get the table).
so they wouldn't seat us until everyone was there, so they have a room above the dining room where you can sit and drink and socialize.  my traditional east coast friends (i've been calmed from being on the west coast) were up in arms cause the guy took a long time to come up and cork our bottles.  it seemed like they needed more staff than the one bus boy, one waitress, and owner/maitre de (sic), etc.
but, once we were sitted the dining room smelled great, food was great, ambience was comfortable and nice, etc.  here's some food comments:
the shrimp and pasta was mediocre, the bruschetta is great, the lasagna is great and the salmon was good but the plate looked un"styled".I visited this place already two times but always during the Philadelphia restaurant weeks. We got an amazing for course menu for a reasonable price.
Delicious food, good quality and amazing dessert.
The location is really nice. A small place over two floors but so friendly staff. 
I need to try the place again outside the restaurant week. Really to recommend.Porcini's left me with a great impression.  It was a fabulous dining experience and I would definitely recommend it for families and small parties.  The food was excellent and the service was prompt and friendly.This restaurant was highly recommended to me by a friend.  She said to request the spinach gnochi with the creamy tomato sauce.  It is BYOB and there is a wine store on Chestnut between 19th and 20th.  She said say hi to David and Steven for her!  Her name is Desiree and she is from Dallas too!  They are closed on Sunday evenings so I missed it on my last trip to Phili :(I REALLY wanted to like porcini after reading all the awesome reviews, but I just think it lacks the taste and freshness of the food that I had at other BYOS, like melograno.  
We started with octopus and risotto appetizer, both which were very average.  The entrees were even more disappointing, and the desserts were truly unfortunate. The flan-like dessert was just unexciting.  It was a cute restaurant and the service was great, but the food was just not very good.Very mediocre, even more so after having to wait 20 minutes after our reservation time to be seated on a weeknight. No where to stand either, so we had to wait outside. 
Bruchetta was probably the highlight of the meal. The proscuitto was average quality at best. The "salad" with it was a ball of mixed greens with dressing? Really? 
The pasta with a porcini sauce, was really an incredibly rich white sauce with porcini mushrooms (which in total, probably was a single cap, very skimpy). 
The crab was very fishy (needed salt & lemon for sure, some pepper wouldn't have hurt) and overcooked. The portions of this dish were 1/5 pasta, 1/5 crab and 3/5 tomato sauce.... 
Honestly, I had heard this place was a nice cozy authentic Italian BYOB. 
Also, the host mid-way through our meal turned on the radio behind my GF and it was literally the radio and not on a station. It kept going back & forth between music and static. 
Pay a bit more and go to Melograno. Raddichio's food is 10x better for the same price. La Viola is better than Porcini and cheaper as well...We showed up without a reservation, and the maitre d' had no problem seating us.  He was cheerful and attentive.  Seems like most of the patrons are regulars!  Food was delicious, and plus we got free desserts for checking-in on Yelp!  The pastry dessert was divine.  I would skip the tiramisu.
Entree wise, I had the squid ink pasta ~ tasty, but not the best I ever had.  My hubby had the ravioli, and that was delicious.
If you want a no fuss good dinner, then give this place a try!small place. looks charming from the outside. bit of a mess once you're inside. Porcini is a labor of love (or family ties) so it's not unusual to hear shouts and crashes coming from the kitchen.
the owners are characters. They usually hang around a table or two and crack jokes and bump into the waiter while he's trying to pour drinks. when we went they chose another table, so we could enjoy the crazy ambiance of the place without much work. I could see them really annoying certain people though. 
food is good, and presented well but don't come expecting modo mio or anything. Please don't.
it's good for what it is. 
if this is your kind of family restaurant, you'll want to come "home" to this place from time to time. If it's not your thing, you'll probably just try it the once. 
We had a reservation and they were ready for us.
BYOB.This place is tiny but the food and service are impeccable. We were in Philly for one night and decided to try this restaurant because it was close to the theater we were going to later that evening and we were not disappointed. My husband and I had been to Milan about a year ago and the meal we had was on par with the food we ate while in Italy. The desserts were fantastic and the wait staff was very accommodating. We will definitely be back on our next trip to Philly.We had not been to Porcini in quite awhile due to a move so my husband & I were looking forward to trying their food again.  We stopped in at 6:30 before a theater performance.  There were 3 open tables.  The maître d' rudely asked what we wanted.  We asked for a table so we good get a couple of appetizers before curtain.  He refused us.  He said, "No.  We are a full-service restaurant."  
So we walked down the street to Il Pittore where we had a glass of wine & appetizers.  The attitude was friendly & welcoming.  The complete opposite of Porcini.  So thank you, rude guy.  If not for you, we would have missed out on delicious food with knowledgeable friendly staff.Excitement turned very quickly to puzzlement at Porcini's this evening.  While people called this place intimate we were seated upstairs and the place seems run down with rickety chair at our table of four.  We reserved table for four and the waitress had set it for two.  Then she only bought two menus and I waited but then had to ask for two more menus. All of this would have been forgotten had the service settled down. Nothing terrible just mediocrity at a restaurant that charges high prices for small portions too.  My Pasta Porcini had a sprinkling of maybe 8 pieces of mushrooms with a smaller than usual potion of pasta  all for$20..really?  Will not go back ....food was tasty but again side orders of veggies were meager for the price tag....Too many other super restrnts  around to waste time on those that don't make
The grade.The atmosphere was authentic, but the food didn't quite cut it. 
Went here for a romantic date on a Friday night. Brought a bottle of wine-- BYOB is a great feature. The whole place was pretty loud, crowded and fast paced with servers running around at all times. If only the conversations were spoken in a Italian, these aspects would make it a very authentic Italian experience, so overall I cannot complain about the noise. Being to Italy a couple times, the decor and the atmosphere were pretty good. But then there's the service...
Most of it was good. We had a foreign server who I don't believe was Italian but that doesn't matter. She was good at her job. There were also invisible hand refilling our water, olive oil, and bread throughout the meal. Which reflect a very important point: good service it that which you don'tnotice. There was one server, however, who must have skipped that class in serving school, because she would try to make cheesy jokes every time she came to the table. This, to me, is not appropriate for the kind of restaurant this one seems to be going for.
The food was not special at all. For the carbonara, I could have made a sauce that tasted better (I'm half italian but by no means a chef), and the ravioli dish was too small and generally unimpressive. 
I lked the unlimited bread though. Ate lots of that. Probably the best part of the meal, looking back :P 
Overambitious--that's a good word to sum up this place. It's try to go for a high end feel, but neither the food nor the service lived up to that standard.The pasta and seafood at this place was amazing. It might be the best Italian restaurant in Philidadelphia. I will definitely be going back!I love this place!!! Without a doubt, the best Italian (byob) restaurant in Philadelphia!! The osso buca stuffed ravioli to the veal marsala, no matter what you order it will be incredibly delicious. David(the owner and waiter) runs a first class place. Steven(the chef) creates some of the best dishes I have ever tasted.Not bad but not great. This place is very cramped or to be more politically correct...very cozy. The food is fresh but not too creative and overall pretty mild. It is  BYOB so that is a plus and the real reason I 'd go backWe called ahead on a busy night and the owner somehow managed to squeeze us in for dinner at the last minute. When we arrived, he remembered my name from when I called, which was quite charming. I am writing this review a few weeks later, so forgive me that I don't remember the exact details of our meal!
For the first course, we had the appetizer special which was something with pumpkin polenta. My boyfriend and I are still talking about how amazing this dish was, almost a month later! If they have it on special, GET IT!
For entrees, he had the gnocchi, and I had the osso bucco. Both were outstanding.
For dessert, canoli, which was probably the best I've ever had, and I've had a lot of canolis!
All in all, a fantastic experience, and we will be returning.We ate here last night for the first time.  One of the best kept secrets in Philly .  The portions could be a little bigger, but the food was sensational.  We will return.Porcini is a really cute little restaurant. I came here with a group of friends and ordered, well, porcini mushrooms and garlic bread to share. My crab meat pasta is tomato sauce is good, and everybody enjoyed their main courses. We shared a variety of desserts to wrap up the meal.
The ower came out to greet us personally, which was a nice touch.I think ppl should take a hint from all the mixed reviews on here --- Porcini is inconsistent at best.  I think it's cute all these "New Yorkers" like the place.  Reality is for the price, the quality and portions should be higher.  A woman I was with once giggled nervously when they brought out a $26 veal special that was seriously four bites.  People need to get out more if they think this place is fantastic.We wanted a delicious Italian BYOB for a Friday night date night and this place gave it to us. We were a bit thrown off by the entrance (when you walk in the door you are IN the dining room- no host's stand/waiting area) but we were quickly told our table was being cleaned and they'll come get us  while we waited outside.
The service was fast and friendly and the food was AMAZING. Garlic bread, the bucatini, a special that was stuffed shells with meatballs, and a cannoli crammed on top for good measure- we were blown away by it all and meant it when we told the host (I'm guessing he was also the owner) that we would be back when we were hugging goodbye (literally- the welcoming feeling was real!) 
It is a smaller dining room so I'd definitely recommend reservations.One of my favorite Italian places! The homemade pasta really makes a difference! I've never had a bad meal here. I would recommend their half moon raviolis (for me, this is the only shape of raviolis I eat!) and do not skip their flaky pastry dessert. The owner is always very friendly and the staff is on point. I would say dinner and dessert will run you around $40/person, but as a BYO you save money by bringing your own wine. I highly recommend!I am so surprised that I haven't reviewed Porcini yet. I would give it 5 stars if it wasn't so crowded on a weekend night (so I'll give it 4.5).
Even though it can get crowded on a weekend night, I think the coziness of the restaurant adds to why I like it. I feel like I am eating in someone's dining room and everyone is so friendly. You can't go wrong with the gnocchi and their specials are always delicious. The calamari is great too (and not fried). 
Credit cards are accepted which is nice for a BYOB...this is one of my favorite italian BYOBs in the city.I love Porcini. Food is fabulous and the owners are fun and accomodating. You feel like you are at someones house having dinner. Usually a few minute wait if you have a reservation, so bring an extra bottle of wine and have a glass while waiting and talk to others doing the same thing. Can't wait to go back!Recent bad experience. The bread did not come. When it did, we had four small pieces for a table of six. After we got more, we were told they were out of bread after that. During the course of our dinner, the male waiter acted drunk, or at least like a space cadet. Finally, our credit cards were overcharged. We paid a combo of cash and credit, and the waiter kept the cash and put the overall total on the cards, a classic trick. Luckily we caught this, but it left a bad taste in our mouth. 
Update: Their credit card charge came up under a totally different name - something beginning with a B - and contains no contact information or address.  Shady business indeed!Cozy and quaint byob. The food was especially very good, we enjoyed the shrimp scampi and the artichoke. And the pescatore pasta.
I was disappointed that after we had ordered the waiter has to come back and inform me they only had enough of the short rib at our table for one not 2. Being in a good mood i politely changed my order. Thou I was jealous when the short rib did come out to my family member.
I also was a little diss appointed that they forgot my cannoli for dessert. We were with a large group so instead of complaining I didn't say anything as I didn't want to hold up the others.
The tiramisu was extremely good and authentic. 
I just think with a large group they got a little overwhelmedWe decided to go to Porcini  because we had friends visiting from out of town who were running in a half marathon and they asked to go to an Italian Restaurant.  After looking at the reviews for Porcini, we decided to give it a try.  
The place is very small but we were seated promptly.  Overall, the food was ok but definitely not worth the price.  We got the Brussel sprouts which literally were two brussel sprouts cut into quarters and tossed with pancetta.  They were tasty but definitely not worth $8.  The capresse was good but again the portion was very small.  Two of us got their bolognese which was similar to what I can make at home.  My friend got the Gnocchi which was apparently very good.   I got their seafood special and was sick for much of the night afterward. 
The service was for much of the night was ok, not great and the waiter was unfriendly.  I felt like we were in their way and that they were waiting for us to eat and leave.  We did not feel welcomed at all.  
I would not recommend this restaurant.We had a fabulous time at this restaurant.  The service was excellent and the atmosphere was very warm and friendly.  I did read the reviews about people complaining about the wait (despite making a reservation) so I took it upon myself to call a half hour prior to my reze to see if they were running on time.  I should have been a rocket scientist!!! I'm so smart!  I would recommend doing that!My entrée was really tasty but not out of this world, but the service was very friendly and I loved the ambience of this little restaurant in a converted house, with low lighting that lent to a cozy feeling in the place. Also, the owner gave our table a little free wine when he saw that we didn't bring any of our own, which was very nice :)Went here for restaurant week with a co-worker. It was extremely crowded (I sat downstairs) and loud but the staff were attentive, knew it was crowded, and the food was pretty good. I thought the main course lacked some flavor but the rest of the meal was pretty innovative and delicious. The food was served at the perfect pace and at a good temperature. I'd give this place 3.5 stars if that was an option.Terrific vegetables and pasta served in a cute space. Very noisy but lively, not annoying.A great BYOB, ask if there are any surprises. Also, they will cook anything you want if you ask and they have the ingredients.Tiny place. Fun brothers.
Come for the good food. Stay for a fun chat with the two brothers who own the place. One is the chef, the other waiter/host. As we were ending our meal, both came out and chatted with us. We spent the whole time laughing. 
The place, at least the main floor, is tiny. It feels a bit like dining in someone's living room. The food follows that trend. It tastes as if it was home-cooked in Italy.one of my favorite Italian BYOB places in Philly. Good is reasonable priced, delicious and pretty homie. Owner is very friendly. Seating was arranged so tightly though, but it doesn't really bother me. Used the Yelp check-in offer and get the free dessert as well.I'm glad we randomly came here instead of going to the usual (La Viola). This place is TINY, and we lucked into a short 10min wait for a table of 4 (Mon night). The food here is superb and on that account alone this place would rate 5.
What we got:
Pulpo (octopus) - the BEST octopus I've had. tender and flavorful with none of the rubberiness
grilled artichoke - okay
Gamberetto con Gremolata (seafood pasta in a white wine sauce) - YAY
gnocchi - eh. sauce was pretty standard
saffron pasta (one of the specials) - this was the outstanding dish of the night. creamy and full of flavor. also, saffron? win.
Parpadella di Porcini (mushroom pasta) - really good too, with a very earthy feel. think good mushroom stock. 
Pros:
- BYO
- Great service: laid back, friendly but not intrusive
- Food
Cons:
- the tables are pretty tightly packed together, so it gets loud at times
- dessert was....bad.
- prices are a bit steeper than other places (we ended up at $40pp)
I think we might include this place in our regular Italian rotation (Modo Mio, La Viola) now, depending on the feel and group size.