I came here on a Saturday afternoon and ordered a Philly pork sandwich with sharp provolone and pesto (as well as baked goods from the bakery part). There was about four customers in the place, and some were waiting for food. The place is small with one large high table with about 8 stools. This is mainly a takeout spot. I ordered the Philly sandwich from one of the staff. The sandwich took about 10 minutes to make, which isn't too bad. I took the sandwich to go. I live about a 5-minute walk away.  When I got home, I ate the sandwich immediately. As expected with pork sandwiches, the bread was wet from the juice of the sandwich. The bread wasn't too soggy though. The ciabatta was soft with a good flavor. The pork was topnotch. It was thinly sliced and incredibly tasty. There was also likely a crunchy texture in the sandwich, that kind of tasted like fried pork skin, but could have been some burned provolone cheese.  Either way, it was yummy. 
I enjoyed the sandwich, but I honestly prefer a traditional roll over the ciabatta bread for a pork sandwich. I am generally not a fan of ciabatta, and while I will say this ciabatta was a very good one, a traditional roll would have made this pork sandwich perfect. Also, at $13.00, the sandwich should be a bit bigger. But because the pork was so good, I will definitely order from here again.Highly recommend. The spicy sandwich was great.  Glad to have this spot in the neighborhood.Great sandwiches. Got the OG, Philly, meatball and gravy train for the game last night. Exceeded expectations. Thrilled to have these guys around the corner.The menu is small but mighty!  I am in awe of their vegetarian options, the bread is unreal, and the hubs says that his pork is on point. People are super friendly and helpful. They make flatbreads on the weekends, and their  sweet pastry options are DELICIOUS. This place is a helllllll yes!The pork sandwich is the bomb !! 
Wonder if business can sell the porchetta by pound and I will buy lots of them :)Delicious delicious porky goodness.  We had the first three  sammies from the menu and we each thought our own was the best so that's a happy camp.  I had the Philly which was carved to order pork, sharp provolone, and the broccolini pesto.  The whole thing gets toasted and then dunked in jus.  Pork is very well spiced and tender as can be.  You order through a window on Washington and we waited at the pastry shop next door while our food was made.  
Will def be back!OG CUBANO IS AMAZING!!! Staff is very friendly.  Wait was a little long but totally worth it.I had the Philly, and that sandwich was absolutely bursting with flavor! The pork was so tender & well seasoned, and the freshly baked ciabatta was the perfect complement. I also had a slice of bread pudding that was really good as well!The dude who owns the place said the braciole sandwich is awesome.. maybe even better than the Porchetta. I think he's right, the sandwich was so good. Hard to imagine any other sandwich is better. I would buy one of these over getting 10 free Pat's cheesesteaks.I tried the OG porchetta sandwich and loved it! Will definitely going back to this neighborhood gem.Hands down a great sandwich. OG pork with cracklings as good as it gets. Friend had the meatball with cheese. Huge and hot.  Every ting on the expensive side. But no hesitation going back and soon. They have cold brew on draft. Their pastries are crazy great and as pretty as you can get in the city. One table and counter service. I hope they kill it. Street parking always available.Went with the Spicy Porker. What can I say other than it's the best sandwich I've ever had in my life. I'm still in disbelief.Awesome pork. I get migraines, and cannot do a lot of the sandwiches normally . This place does pork right, and is nitrate free aside from an in house celery mix. 
The OG is a great choice, but so far my favorite is the spicy one. Not bad prices either!Drool I need more of that crackling! Food is a tad salty but really nothing to complain about. This place certainly is an elevation above what I'm used to in Philly and I'm very appreciative.This place is awesome! Everything inside is super clean and the food is absolutely delicious. This is a GREAT place for a quick bite to eat and the dessert is a work of art & tastes just as good as it looks! I would definitely recommend stopping in here to check it out!They share a space with Small Oven Pastry Shop and I believe you can order the sandwiches from the bakery as well. Got the OG. I like their take on a roast pork sandwich. The meat has a subtle meat flavor with an interesting texture from the pork skin. The sandwich is a bit pricey and their portions smaller than other places but I do feel that one should give this place a try.Stopped in and picked up an OG And philly sandwich. Pork was so tender and flavorful!! We will definitely be back! Only draw back was not much seating.Really fantastic stuff all-around. The porchetta is delicious, their home-made bread is fantastic, and you can taste their commitment to freshness. Their teas are also great. Great food, great space, great overall experience.The food tasted good and would have been acceptable if i had made it myself. However, I did not pay $13 for some under cooked potatoes and two over cooked eggs, the title of the dish I got was a hangover Porchetta hash but there was only one small piece of Porchetta in it and some burnt up crumbles of what I think resembled meat that clung to the under cooked potatoes. I'm hoping that I only got this place on an off day based on all of the amazing reviews, but I would not order from here again.Awesome...not cheap and not even the best value but awesome sandwich...
XxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxI wish I could give 3.5 stars. The sandwich (The OG)  is good: well seasoned, a lot of meat, juicy, crunchy salty crackling, and there's toasty bread. A lot of things to love, which I did. I just wish there was something to lighten it up -- whether that be something creamy or sweet or fresh. It just felt heavy and salty. It also doesn't come with anything and there's not really a lot of options for sides.  Maybe that lighter element could be found in a side dish or a less dense bread, or some kind of topping on the sandwich. The sandwich alone was like $11+, which was a little much. I also got 2 pastries, a lemon bar and a brownie cookie bar. The lemon bar was nice, not too sweet and not too tart. The brookie/crownie left a lot to be desired. It wasn't really the best of either a cookie or a brownie, and I would not get that again unless it was changed somehow. As a whole, it was a pleasant experience and I would say give it a shot. It's a cute place. I just don't find myself wanting to go back or craving it.My mouth is watering just writing this review thinking back to this amazing pork sandwich.  The pork is moist, packed with flavor and has a little kick for good measure.  The sandwich is a little pricey, but the quality of the food makes up for it.  The bun is really a crusty roll that soaks is the juices without being mushy.  There's some kind of magic business in its ability to retain crunch, and not get mushy.  Anyway, I tried the OG, but look forward to the one w sharp provolone next...maybe today or tomorrow.  Ooh, they also have a little sweet shop so you can get two sandwiches and several little desserts for $30 or something along those lines.  It's well worth it!Recently moved to the neighborhood and was in need of a good lunch place to make quarantine and WFH less mundane. This place is so wonderful. Great service and products!
Every sandwich is well crafted with flavor and if you don't want to fall asleep after eating a whole meat sandwich, their salads (esp the Fiona Apple) are just as well crafted with the most delicate and flavorful ingredients + dressings. 
The sweets, also just icing on the cake, they all are wonderful and super fresh.Had the opportunity to try Porcos today and we loved it!  We had the Cuban and a meatball sandwich.  The porchetta itself was tender and juicy.  Probably the best I've had here, which is saying a lot in a city (arguably) almost as well known for roast pork sandwiches as cheesesteaks.  The sandwiches are served on ciabatta, which I didn't think I would like as I'm not usually a fan.  However, it does a great job of soaking up the juices and sauces but also remaining firm enough to not fall apart while you eat it.  The Cuban sandwich is served topped with A TON of picked vegetables, maybe a little to large for the sandwich, but they are delicious.  The meatball is topped with yummy house made cheese and the sauce is top notch.  Definitely worth the what some might call a steep price for a sandwich of this size.  10/10 would go again!  Edit: we also got 4 or the mini-sweets from small oven ($3) and they were AMAZING!  They disappeared too fast for a photo.I would shove a nun, park in a handicapped spot and pop a kid's balloon at the circus if it meant I would be rewarded with an OG Philly.Visited Porco's having seen several glowing reviews and their inclusion on several "best of" lists/guides. I had the Porchetta Cubano and a side of Snappy Golden Cracklings. The artisanal sandwich was very tasty, massive, and messy. I definitely enjoyed it and could tell it was made with quality ingredients. However, there was so much pork that it overpowered the other ingredients. What's more, the gardiniera (pickled vegetables) kept falling out, forcing me to constantly reassemble the sandwich. Don't get me wrong, The Cubano is still a delicious sandwich and worthy of high praise. I would just recommend asking them to go easy on the pork when you order. That way you can taste all the flavors in harmony with one another. As for the Snappy Golden Cracklings, they were piping hot, crunchy, and a great addition to any order. The storefront is a tad out of the way in a low foot traffic area and there is some counter space outside to eat standing up. So, have some form of transportation available and be prepared to eat outside or take your order to go. Bottom line - if you are a fan of pork or artisanal sandwiches, Porco's is a must try.Ohmygod. Ordered from Porco's primarily because my partner was craving savory pastries "like we got in Europe." He was SOOOO pleased with both the sundried tomato & leek croissants! BUT... I was the real winner... the breakfast croissant sandwich with porchetta & sausage (I added provolone) stole the show!!! The sausage with sage was outstanding! The whole sandwich was delicious. Can't wait to try more off their menu!i finally tried the Porcos & Small Oven Bakery Washington Ave.. and im still figuring did i like it enough to reorder.. and think not but i'd rate it very good plus! i'd say its a more yuppie kind of pork sandwich..lol dont laugh.. but it's on a toasty crunchy toasty ciabotta type roll.. i asked for extra juice but with this type bread drinks it up & still makes it seem dry.. they put some bit of crunches on it..the skin of the pork.. and it is nicely spiced!! again it might be fantastic to someone but i like my pork sandwiches like momma use to like..long seeded sarcone type Italian bread with provolone & spinach etc. I ordered  bf the meatball ..i see him pulling the bread apart.. feeding a few pieces meatball to 2 dogs..not good sign..lol he said the meatball was tiny bit pink in center and couldnt identify the cheese (he is not a philly guy)  i think it the fresh mozzarella (not his thing). so more a thumbs down from him... anyhow they also have other things that look pretty great.. and having a close by bakery is great.. these delivery services though really add up.. the total for 2 sandwiches was 31 bucks. with tip and added charges.  But think you must check this out if you love Roast Pork and for a small square roll it's pretty fulling..Delicious sandwiches.
We have gotten porco's for takeout several times since moving to the neighborhood and they are very very solid.
My favorites are the philly and the spicy porker. All of them come with crispy cracklins in the middle, and the thinly shaved porchetta is very tender and well seasoned.
Even though the sandwiches appear to be a bit small because of the size of the bread, the meat is piled high and it is a dense mouthful. One sandwich is  more food than it looks. It may be a little hard to eat just because of the size.
They are best eaten ASAP when it has the maximum textural contrast between soggy bread, tender savory pork, crispy cracklins, and whatever toppings yours had.
I also tried a braciole sandwich and a cheesesteak special they had, and for me I would stick with the porchetta sandwiches. The cheesesteak set along with their hearty bread was a bit toooooo much and too heavy without much for balance. The braciole was alright but it just wasn't as satisfying to me.
Also tried a couple of items from the bakery side, and they were very good! Not nearly as memorable or standout as the sandwiches but I don't think you can go wrong with anything as a sweet add-on to your meal.So good! Had the spicy porker which is flavorful, crunchy, moist and delicious. Also had several desserts which were phenomenal as well. Would def return.The sandwiches I got was very good. Spicy Porker and the wife had the vegan meatballs. They were pretty stuffed.Great, friendly service and delicious (if messy) sandwiches. Tried the Spicy Porker and the Philly.Posted store hours online say until 8 PM..however... Google doesn't tell you that they close when they sell out of food so a heads up to anyone thinking about going, CALL AHEAD before you drive across town to get there. Hopefully, I'll be able to try it sometime because it seems like a respectable place.My first time at Porco's Porchetteria & Small Oven Pastry Shop, I'd already eaten. So I went little. Lemon bar, nothing else. Respectable bar. Smooth and tangy and cradled by a buttery pretzel crust. Cool.
But I vowed to go bigger next time.
And today I did. I ordered the OG porchetta sandwich with sharp provolone and a side of zingy, delicious mustard aioli. And I was enthralled from the first bite. This killer sandwich is a fatty, juicy pork masterpiece. The tender pork is sliced SO thin and generously stacked. All of the fat is ultra rendered and caramelized so has loads of toasty, buttery flavor and crunchy textures. Lovely garlic and herbs permeate the meat, too. And those snappy golden cracklings are practically pig candy! 
Don't be deterred by the use of ciabatta instead of those familiar quality long rolls by that famous family. The ciabatta is hearty bread that does a terrific job of sopping up the jus. Crunchy exterior, soft and fluffy on the inside, and durable all the way through.
Dessert this time was a s'mores bar. Dreamy and nostalgic, with a rich chocolate ganache-like layer, a toasty marshmallow layer, and a nice graham cracker crust. True bliss and thiccck.
I was a fan of Kermit's and sad to see them go. But I'm glad Porco's exists there now, because it is ON the level. I'll probably be craving this porchetta sandwich and their decadent treats tomorrow.Horrified that it's taken me this long to try Porco's.  I kept putting it off because I "wasn't in the mood for pork".  Now that I've tried the Cubano, I can say with certainty that I could eat that sandwich every day of the week.  My husband was blown away by the OG as well.  Thrilled that this place is in the neighborhood.  Heavenly.Just ate the Thanksgiving meal at our work and it was ASTOUNDING. The only down side is now we are unable to think about anything besides how great that food was!
I want to eat this for all holidays.Awesome new addition. Very impressed with the menu. Need to go back to try more and see if consistent but first two sandwiches were perfect.My mission one random Saturday was to find a good spot to grab lunch take out...a quick Google search led me here and HOLYSH*T am I glad it did. Got the eats and sweets deal (2 sandwiches and 4 mini desserts). We got the OG philly and the OG cubano and 4 gorgeous and deliciously prepared mini desserts. Beyond amazing. All of it. Now we aren't exactly locals, but we aren't terribly far either and I am already trying to figure out my return....because these are some standout sandwiches!Definitely bring an empty stomach. Spicy Porker all the way -- good spice level, great bread and really good roast pork. Cracklings were great additions. Fast and friendly service too.Absolutely awesome. Went there and had their breakfast sandwich. It had roast pork, sausage and a fried egg on ciabatta bread. Everything made to order and very flavorful. The desserts.... forget about it. Good luck making  up your mind. The staff there are interactive and very friendly. DEFINITELY going back. Gotta try the meatballs next time.Can we talk about the OG sandwich?????? This is better than ANY Cuban sandwich I've had in Miami. And I lived there for a while so that's saying ALOT! The meat was super tender and the cracking was perfectly crisp! Can't wait to go back! I highly recommend!Amazing porchetta and award winning pastries at this small sandwich shop and cafe in point breeze!
We got the porchetta OG and the breakfast sandwich on a croissant, both of which were fantastic! I personally really enjoyed the crunch of the pork skin in the OG and I'm excited to return to try their other options! We saw some others get the open faced ciabatta pizza and it looked great - lots of cheese and high quality bread. 
The pastries are super good as well - the chef is an award winning food network pastry chef! We got the raspberry brown butter and the opera cake, both were delicious and not too decadent. 
Inside, the seating is somewhat limited with a countertop bar and an open communal table with only 8 stools total in the restaurant. A lot of people were getting the food to go. The coffee was also excellent - la Colombe, which is always a safe bet. 
Definitely try out this place for lunch, brunch, or a quick cafe stop! It's hard to miss if you're on Washington, they got a bright blue exterior wall painted on!The pork is great (especially the crackling'). the bread is OK. Solid sandwich overall.Okay, so I know I only wrote my first review of Porco's a couple weeks ago, however, I had to swing on back for a review update because I finally tried one of the pork sandwiches over the weekend. 
Mind. Blowing. 
Honestly, the cubano sandwich was one of the best things I've eaten all year. The pork was super tender and so flavorful. There were some crunchy bits that added great texture and pops of flavor. The pickled veggies and mustard aioli really brightened up the whole sandwich. The freshly baked bread held everything together and did not fall apart. 
My husband and I have become weekday pescetarians and have been eating meat only on weekends. This sandwich basically confirmed that I could never go full-vegetarian. Unreal. I look forward to revisiting the cubano next weekend.This is gonna sound crazy, but Porco's might have my favorite pork sandwich in all of Philadelphia... I know, I know! There are a LOT of great pork sandwiches in the city and most of them are more traditional, with sharp provolone and broccoli rabe/spinach. Those sandwiches are great and I love them too, but this one is so unique and incredibly delicious. I should probably mention that I am referring to the OG sandwich. It comes on a ciabatta roll with their herbed porchetta, pork crackling, and au jus. The porchetta is so flavorful and juicy and the cracking adds such a nice crispy saltiness that works perfectly together. Fantastic sandwich! Must try!Porto's quickly became one of my favorite spots in our city. The food is just amazing, whether you're eating sandwiches or the pastries. I've had at least a dozen porchetta sandwiches over the past several months and they've been consistently great -- packed with flavor, juicy, great textures from the rolls to the pork to the pork skin inside. Usually I'll have one for lunch and it'll keep me full for the rest of the day. 
The staff are super friendly and helpful! Also their lattes are great!Ordered OG w/ Provolone.  Great sandwich (I love sandwiches).  Also got apple pastry, was delicious as well.I got the Philly sandwich and it was one of the best sandwiches I've ever had. I never write reviews, but that was amazing. Can't wait to try them all nowHoly ba-jesus this place is GREAT! Mooooove over old school classic pork sandwiches, there's a new contender in town! Philly is known for old school, classic pork sandwiches and there's plenty of places to grab one, especially in South Philly. THIS place however is serving up inventive, chunky pork sandwiches, on a CIABATTA bun nonetheless, and raising the roof on what it means to eat a pork sandwich in Philadelphia. We ordered the Spicy Porker and the Philly, both were amazing!  Despite the same roll and pork base, both sandwiches were totally different experiences. The Philly was straight outta South Philly with pesto and sharp cheese, while the Spicy Porker tasted light with the perfect balance of fennel and pepper relish. My goodness what a treat! Additionally,  the bun stayed dry and never got soggy, which you know pork sandwiches can be notorious for doing. Also, each of these sandwiches were topped off with crispy porchetta, which was out of these world!  If you're not into pork, have no fear cause they also serve up a daily vegan soup, specialty salads, pizza ciabatta breads and non pork sandwiches. If you have a sweet tooth, you won't be disappointed either! Cookies and cookie bars by Small Oven will definitely satiate any sweet craving! We had the chocolate chip cookie sandwich, which was perfectly executed. Two soft chocolate chip cookies sandwiching a delightful buttercream. The shortbread cookie with caramel was also light and yummy. Trust me, you want to eat here. This is definitely my new favorite pork sandwich joint in this amazing city!We've been anxiously waiting for something to properly fill the space that was once Kermit's right on Washington Ave. This. Is. It. Yay! 
Porco's is so much more than a porchetterria, which honestly doesn't really appeal to me as a plant based gal, but fellow veg-heads or those who don't eat pork, have no fear, they have stellar vegan options AND are a killer bakery too!! 
I had the veghetta which is playful vegtastic alternative to their signature pork sammy. It's thinly sliced and marinated zucchini and eggplant with mushrooms, peppers and onions. The filling is given generously and smothered in vegan cheese. The sauce is amazing and overall it's a pretty hearty, messy, filling  plate. I enjoyed their 'jingle juice', a house-made enhanced cranberry, as their seasonal draft. It was awesome! (They also had homemade eggnog too). I look forward to seeing how this rotates with the seasons! Oh, and they're BYO, so bring 'em! 
The fam had the margherita buffalina and the spicy one with calabrese chili oil. They're made with their homemade ciabatta bread and served on weekends only. 
They have fresh basil and onions and are pretty delicious. I may have had a bite or two. 
Also only available on weekends are their Nutella type filled to order fresh donuts. Hot and outstanding. 
We just HAD to try some more of their stunning pastries!! They are absolutely gorgeous and drool worthy. They sell them per piece or $36 for a bakers dozen. I'm definitely keeping these in mind for parties, perhaps even New Years! They're show-stoppers!! We sampled the apple tart with rosemary shortbread and the chocolate caramel eclair. Delish!! 
They had nitro cold brew (yay!) and other higher end caffeinated drinks. 
Service was friendly. Parking was easy. 
The only negative would be the lack of seating. Literally only three seats at the big farmhouse table. It's more of a grab and go place but definitely worth grabbing....everything!!!Quite delicious sandwiches! The Meatball sub is especially good. I've only had it through delivery so I can only imagine just how good it is hot, fresh and in person.Hands down one of the best, if not the best pork sandwich in the city.  Juicy, meaty, super flavorful with a nice piece of pork rind in the mix. They definitely know how to do pork right! Will get again for sure if in the area.  Ordered the OG and didn't disappoint!This place is a wonderland of tasteful delights. Hands down the best sandwich I've had in Philadelphia, maybe the best in my life. Don't waste you're time waiting in line at Reading Terminal. If you want a tasty ass pork sandwich, this is the spot. The pastries are beautiful and delicious as well. Do yourself a favor and go here.It's a double review day, because I couldn't give love to Small Oven and not Porco's! For those who don't know, Porco's and Small Oven are two concepts running out of the same space. Porco's is all about the meats, but they also serve some fantastic meaty substitutes! 
Though they are known for their porchetta, I opted for a meatball sandwich the first time I tried Porco's. The sandwich was stuffed with pork and beef blend meatballs and the house-made mozz took the sandwich over the top. 
I've also tried their vegetarian sandwich, which was loaded with layers of veggies and felt super hearty but also healthy. 
Porco's is still slinging sandwiches despite these trying times, so be sure to call ahead for pick up at their take-out window, or order delivery straight to your front door!Their sandwiches are AMAZING. One good thing about quarantine is that I discovered this place.I've been here once a while ago got a sandwich to go and after a half hour ride home it was ok but I knew that was because of the travel. Well I had a strong urge on Saturday to make the ride and this time I ate it "the spicy porker" in my car in front of the store and it was orgasmic it exceeded my lofty expectations by far! We're talking bucket list here in the bucket list list of culinary delight!Probably the best pork sandwich I've ever had, one of the top sandwiches in general. "Spicy Porker" House ciabatta, herbed porchetta, pork cracklings, jus with fennel slaw, roasted long hot pepper relishWow wow wow. Some of the best sandwiches I have ever had! I've sent so many friends here and all have come back with rave reviews. My favorite sandwich is the Philly Porchetta, but everything I have tried has been great. Don't sleep on the pastries either -- the cheesecake bar and the chai cinnamon buns are two of my favorites!Before you get farther - you just need to get a pork sandwich with crackling. The crackling is literally the best part of this entire place. Imagine a tender, pork roast that is piled high on two pieces of white bread, with a hint of a crunch from the crackling. This meal will put you in a food coma, but you will love every second of it. I highly recommend the chai cinnamon bun on top of it too - if case you have a sweet tooth. I will say that the cinnamon bun was a little too sweet for my tastes, but the pork is on point. Porco's is a little hard to get to, but it is definitely worth the trip. Now I can't wait to go back on my day off.I paid this place a visit not too long after they first opened. Of course I had some pastries as well, but I'll review those separately. I made my way to this shop on a snowy day, and grabbed a seat at the large central table. I ordered the OG Porchetta and my wife got the Margherita Bufalina (only served on the weekend).
The OG Porchetta was heavy. It was filled with that herbed Porchetta, the crackling gave a nice crunch, and the ciabatta was there to soak up the juices. It's a great pork sandwich. Skip the Bufalina though, it was too soggy, and not that flavorful.
OG Porchetta 4/5
Margherita Bufalina 2/5I've lived in Philly for 11 years and thought I had tried all of the local favorites from hole-in-the-wall food spots. The Porco's Spicy Porker sandwich blew me away. It's easily in the top 3 best sandwiches I've had here. I mean Pat's provalone and mushrooms wit at 2am level good. Perfectly savory, salty, and crispy porcetta on a crunchy ciabatta roll with a hint of spice from the long hot relish... I didn't want it to end. Oh, and they have a bakery with every kind of cookie, cannoli, and pastry you could want. Neighborhood gem.Stopped in to Porcos on a whim after seeing it featured in an Eater article. I had the OG Porchetta sandwich and the Meaty-Ball sandwich. Both were excellent. Oh and they are making their own bread fresh daily beginning at 3am.
The pork in the OG is seasoned very well and the addition of pork cracklin adds a satisfying crunch. There are a few variations that I plan to try in future visits.
The Meatball sandwich tastes like an Italian grandma slaved over the sauce/gravy all day. The beef/pork meatballs are seasoned perfectly. This one gets messy so be sure to have some napkins at your disposal.
Finally the bakery section has a ton of options. They even make fresh donuts on the weekends! Chad let us try one right out of the fryer and it was amazing!
If you're looking for a great sandwich experience look no further. They do have delivery but I would highly recommend stopping in to the shop for the full experience.How did it take me so long to try their sandwiches?? Well I finally did and oh. My. Goodness. Delectable, delicious, incredible. I had the Philly and I can't wait to try other options on the menu. Also added plus, it was super clear how to follow their covid protocol due to clear signage and instructions. Love it.Check it out before the line's down the block! The OG and the various styles with add-ons are amazing. The pork is tender and juicy, the crispy skin is a nice crunch with a burst of flavor, and the bread is chewy and crunchy. The service is outstanding. Best roast pork sandwich in the city!
Enjoy!tl;dr move over DiNics, the superb pork sandwiches from Porco's reign supreme
Porchetta: a savory, fatty, and moist boneless pork roast of Italian culinary tradition. If your mouth isn't watering, then Porco's Porchetteria probably isn't the spot for you. Food is easy to order over the phone or online with Square Pay. If you opt for takeout like me, then Porcos' bright facade will be impossible to miss on the drab Washington St backdrop. My sandwich was ready COVID-friendly pickup window within 5 minutes of my estimated pickup time.
I opted to try the Philly: a ciabatta roll topped with porchetta, sharped provolone, and pesto. Simple execution, done well. The quality of the ingredients is clear. A fresh, pleasantly crisp ciabatta? Check. Complex flavors between the salty meat, the rich jus, and the fragrant pesto? The perfect balance between pork rinds and lean meat, and all the juiciness without the greasiness? Check and check. A dense sandwich sure to leave your stomach somewhere between content and full? You know it.
Nonetheless, at $13 and decently out of the way, Porco's won't be a daily (or admittedly even weekly) part of my routine. But Porco's is definitely a welcome addition to the Philly sandwich scene, and I can't wait to go back and try some of their other porchetta grinds.Went here because a friend of mine recommended it. The owner, on a show of good faith, delivered sandwiches to the local small businesses as a token of solidarity. All in all she gave away a ton of free sandwiches! That right there tells you about the integrity of the ownership. Arrived around noon-there's a few parking spots in front that's loading only. It's located next to a beer distributor and also has a bakery as part of the store. I got the OG which is a.."house made ciabatta, herbed porchetta, pork crackling, jus" and chocolate chip cookie brownie bar. The sandwich was amazing! The flavor of the pork, with the jus and the homemade bread was a perfect pairing of crisp warm bread and succulent and juicy pork with  just the right amount of seasoning so it doesn't overpower the natural flavoring of the meat. I ate the whole thing so no pics lol. I took a bite of the cookie bar and it's nice and dense and sweet-perfect with a coffee-which they sell as well or a glass of milk. The iced coffee was good but nothing special. Freshly brewed, in fact everything was fresh. I paid $19.00 for my order and felt I got my money's worth. I'll be back to try the other options and you should check em out. They accept cards and cash and I believe are on Door Dash. For being early the business was steady. Dope spot.This review is for the OG which is one of the best sandwiches I've ever had. Juicy, tender, flavorful pork stuffed into a delicious, crusty circular roll. Cracklings upping the ante and making everything even better. Walk up window perfect for the Covid era.I've been wanting to try Porco's for a long time (ever since I visited the pastry shop pre-covid & was in love). We got the OG sandwich and it was AWESOME. There's not much to the sandwich as far as toppings go, so that makes it even more impressive as far as how much flavor and texture is packed into this sandwich. The little crackly things they put on top are just that... CRACK. Of course we couldn't pass on the awesome pastries which were just as yummy as I remembered.We ordered Porco's togo and got the Cuban, the Spicy Porker, antipasta salad, and a chocolate chip cookie sandwich. Everything was delicious. I loved everything about the Cuban and would definitely recommend. The Spicy Parker wasn't necessarily "spicy" but was flavorful and I would also recommend. The bread on both was soft, sturdy, and crunchy all in the best way and the pork was cooked perfectly. The salad was a nice addition to balance the sandwiches and the cookies were a nice addition to balance the salad. Is it the type of place I would bet you can't go wrong with anything on the menu.I got the Porcos OG because the nice young man thought that would be the closest thing to a cheesesteak. He also recommended their house mozzarella cheese. I could tell Porcos uses quality ingredients but I did not think the roll complemented the sandwich.  The pork was tasty but dry.  After paying an extra $2 I would have liked to taste the house mozzarella.  The good news is I ate my sandwich at Pennsport Beer Boutique.  They had a beer on draft that I liked, I got to see Mike and I made a new friend. What's up my new friend Zack?This place is the best pork sandwich I have ever had, and trust me, I have eaten my fair share. Bread is bomb. I get the philly, roast pork, pesto, and that crispy pork skin. Epically life changing.
Don't sleep on the desserts like I did at first (although i definitely made up for it later), everything is good but def make sure you get the cheesecake and the cookie sandwich.I live in the neighborhood and thought I'd try them out. They have such good reviews here on Yelp. What you see pictures is a large antipasti salad for $13. It arrived open in the bag and the seams on the box are stiff so the box was never closed before putting it in the delivery bag. It's mostly lettuce and the veggies are chopped so small I had to use the fork to get a good pic of them. The lettuce core/end was in the salad as well. Maybe their other items are better. But for $13, I'm hoping at least my box of lettuce is organic. This was definitely an epic failWow...such AMAZING food. I had a porchetta cubano, porchetta fagiole soup, and fennel slaw. All were robustly flavored and just delicious. This porchetta ain't the typical South Phillie stewed pork shoulder...it's the real deal. Portion sizes are enormous for the price. This just might be the best sandwich in Philadelphia at the moment. Great pastries for dessert, also. Brownie cookie...YUM. Crumb cake...also YUM. And how is it that this little South Philip bakery/sandwich shop is able to make an excellent rendition one of the hardest-to-make French patisserie items, the butter croissant? Don't know, but it's excellent. 
During COVID quarantine the dining area is not open to the public, but they take your order at their window or by phone. When it's ready they hand it to you through the window. Staff is pleasant, patient, and helpful.Best sandwich I've ever had. You can get a good cheesesteak anywhere in the country. But you're going to have a hard time finding something this good anywhere else. I ordered the OG yesterday which was ridiculously good. So good that I went back today and ordered the "Philly" it was loaded with juicy delicious Porchetta, broccoli rabe pesto and shaved sharp provolone. One word, AMAZING! In fact so amazing that I'm going back before my flight to South Florida and loading up my carry on with sandwiches. This is my favorite spot in Philly and one of the best in the good old USA  And to boot, everyone that works there is super nice and friendly. Thanks PorcosSo delicious - the croissant my sandwich was on was hot and fresh. I added the prosciutto to my egg & cheese sandwich and it was crispy like bacon which I didn't expect but it was amazing! The eggs are seasoned and everything has a ton of flavor. The chai is a must!My husband' and I saw this place highlighted on FYI Philly, and because we are always on the lookout for places that have vegan options, we drove down from Norristown to check it out. We were not disappointed. I had the Veghetta and he had the OG (he is not vegan). Both were fabulous and the price was very reasonable. Would definitely come back.The guy at the window (actually all guys) are sexy. The food is bomb.com. Definitely worth itThe pastries are incredible! All over Philly you have the same pastry company providing the same croissants to all the coffee shops. Porcos pastries are very delicious and unique. The chai cinnamon bun, croissants, and bread pudding are all so fresh and tasty. Highly recommend this place. **also it's great for COVID: you can place your order before on their online platform and pick up at the window with very minimal contactI've wanted to taste one of these sandwiches since I saw them on good morning Philadelphia. Wow this place doesn't disappoint at all. I had the Spicy Porker with garlic sausage added and the wife had the Cubano OG both outstanding. That oatmeal latte cold brew didn't hurt either. We finished off our meal with a few of their house made pastries. I believe I just found my Sunday morning to go spot. Thank you I truly enjoyed.A friend of ours recommend Porco's a while ago, so when we saw a post on Facebook offering $5 coupons, we knew we had to go. Porco's shares a storefront with it's bakery (Small Oven Pastry Shop), which provides the bread for the sandwiches - a pretty great collab, if you ask me! Their hours are a little tight, closing at 6PM most nights, so we made plans to pick up in the late afternoon on a Sunday. My fiancee was easily able to order and pick-up our order in a COVID-safe way, and he commented that the staff was extremely friendly and actually really excited that we had the $5 coupons to use. Definitely great marketing on Porco's end! Our friend gave a few recs on his favorite sandwiches, and based on those and the Yelp reviews, I opted for the OG Philly and my fiancee for the Cubano. WOW. Both were so good. For starters, the bread was fantastic - the ciabatta was perfectly crisp yet soft enough to easily bite into. You could 100% tell it was homemade, and it was so good. The OG Philly featured the classic porchetta and pork cracklings, but was nicely accompanied by pesto and sharp provolone. The pesto definitely had a bite to it and was unlike other pestos I've had before - I don't know if I would put it on a pasta, but it paired really nicely with the pork. The provolone was excellent in bringing it all together too. The sandwich itself was chockful of meat - I was really impressed with the quantity and quality! While I likely should have had just half of the sammy, it was too good to stop - I was incredibly full after, but 100% worth it. My fiancee really enjoyed his cubano too, which featured the porchetta but with pickled veggies to give an extra pop of flavor and crunch. This was all accompanied by a mustard aioli, which brought it all together. He was a huge fan and was so sad when the sandwich was gone! We couldn't pass up the bakery either, so we split a s'mores bar - this was OK, not the best dessert I've had, but the chocolate as incredibly rich and the graham was on point. The mallow topping had trouble staying on the bar, so we wound up eating that alone, but we appreciated the flavors of the entire dessert. 
Overall, Porco's is a slam dunk - from the homemade ciabatta to the high quality porchetta to the plenty of pastry offerings, you can't go wrong! I definitely plan on bringing my parents here next time they visit Philly, and I'm already dreaming of the sandwich again. Thanks for the coup and for the great meal, Porco's!