I cannot even believe someone gave this place one star. Here's the scoop. They have the BEST cannoli in the city. Termini's are no where NEAR as good, and Isgro's is far too hyped up for the quality. Potito's is my go to for cannoli, i wouldn't even THINK about going anywhere else. I'm there every xmas eve, and will be for the rest of my days. I stood in line for isgros for TWO HOURS this year for a tirimisu, i walked right into potito's and picked up my bambino cannoli stuffed cannoli. it's as good as it sounds, trust me.I went in on a Sunday morning to pick up a few desserts for a family gathering at the Center City location..  I saw Baklava, and was told not to purchase them by the sales associate (and I appreciate her honesty) because they were hard as a rock..  I then purchased to cakes, a Pound cake, and a peanut butter mousse cake.  Everyone was looking forward to the peanut butter cake.  EVERYONE TOOK A BITE AND SPIT IT OUT!  IT WAS STALE.  The chocolate was ok, but the mousse has a horrible RANK taste, and SMELL as well.  It tasted and smelled  like spoiled cream cheese.  It wasn't one of those things that taste like something, IT WAS SPOILED.  Even the partial peanut butter cups on the top tasted stale!!!
The pound cake was ok, nothing special..  Needless to say, the experience of tasting spoiled food makes me never to return again!I'm bummed I didn't review about this bakery right away. I can't remember the exact cake I got but it was AMAZING. It was some chocolate strawberry concoction with cheesecake in the middle. We left it out on the table for about an hour and yet, when we finally got to the cake, the cheesecake part was still chilled enough to not be mushy. It was absolutely scrumptious. I'll definitely be back to get more in the future!Delicious cakes and pastry. A little pricy, but they are delicious and worth it. The best ricotta canolli around. Although I would stay far from this place on a holiday. I have stood there with a number ticket and watched friends of the workers get waited on before me when I was already waiting a long time.I grew up with one bakery in all of small-town, Virginia that was best known for their donuts.  Fast forward 24 years and I live down the block from the Zagat rated #1 Cannoli in Philly.  
Holy cow, these some good cannoli.  But you already knew that. So get these instead: 
1.) Tomato pie: served on Sundays and leftovers Monday morning.  My God, is it good. 
2.) Creme filled donut: I had one a day for about three days straight and then decided I should start working out again.  Forego the powdered sugar.  Unless you're wearing white pants. 
3.) Pignoli cookie: Was told by my regular bartender to get this specifically from Potitos.  I waited three weeks before I did.  And then I bought a pound of them to "share" with my husband. 
I had the cupcake and it was so-so... I like rich, creamy frosting, and this had more of a spongy texture.My friends and I were dying to try a cannoli donut from a place nearby who was famous for them. However they ended up closing sooner than we thought...which was a bummer since we made a special trip to this neighborhood because of it. So while we didn't find a place who had cannoli donuts per say... we did stumble upon Potito's on Yelp since they had amazing reviews on their cannoli's. And boy are we so glad we did. My boyfriend and I ended up getting the chocolate covered cannoli with a chocolate chip filling and thought we might as well get one of the featured passion fruit cannoli's since they only had a couple left. We also couldn't resist getting one of their custard stuffed horns with powdered sugar on top (don't know the actual name of the pastry). Being from California, we already knew that the Italian pastries were going to be top notch on the east coast...and this place is definitely top notch.Sure, they make good cannoli, but the problem is.......you cannoli eat so many ;)
Lame jokes aside, I've always been impressed with this place.  Nice people. Fair prices. Delicious strawberry shortcake.  What's left to be desired???this is going to be short and sweet...
the best cannoli i've ever eatenMy favorite cannoli! Ricotta with chocolate chips is HEAVEN! and the flavor of the shell is perfect! I live for the big cannoli sales they have! $40 for a dozen is a lot of money!!So many things wrong with my cake order for my 4 year old's birthday. 1) the cake was not decorated colorfully eventhough I specifically requested. It's a kiddy birthday, you'd figure the decorator could at least put in an effort. The cake was a very dull dark brown icing with equally dull 1 strip of orange icing around the sides. I was guaranteed it would be beautiful and I had to take it home and perform some DIY to make it pretty. 2) the cake was uneven on the surface, probably it has been sitting outside for too long. Part of the icing on the top had began to slide down. 
Now let's move on to customer service. No one at the shop was helpful, they simply shrugged when asked questions. They knew the cake looked horrible and said they couldn't do anything because their cake decorator was not around. I feel this place has no work ethics and don't care about their customers. They're in the cake business, supposed to be making people happy for their special day. Not making this mistake again.Love these guys. old school people, good stuff. Love the Italian creame cake. Keep it up guys.Truly a hidden gem in south philly and please, LET'S KEEP IT THAT WAY!!
Please don't ever follow in Isgros footsteps and become a price gouging tourist trap. It is very disappointing for us long time south philly residents to see some of our favorite bakeries go downhill like Isgro and Terminis have done in recent years.
Keep your pastries exactly how they are because they're awesome. Your cannoli are what cannoli should be - the right size, the right consistency of the filling, and the perfect shell...and a reasonable price (do not increase the price again!). Also, for anyone who hasn't tried them yet, TRY THE RICOTTA DOUGHNUT! They sell out quickly so try to get there early in the morning. Also, I wish they'd have them on-hand throughout the day. This can really be a selling point because no one else in the city makes them. They're just phenomenal!I traveled an hour to get here... well worth it. Their strawberry shortcake is to die for.. not only the vanilla flavor... they have chocolate strawberry shortcake!! It was nice and airy... nothing heavy and they use real strawberries.. not jelly.. amazing... their cannolis are amazing as well... all their desserts look profesional and delectable and their prices i couldnt believe! Perfect in every wayI love Potito's.  It's 2 blocks from my apartment and is always there when I need to remedy my sweet tooth.  I have tried countless things from there, cannolis, cupcakes, donuts, macaroons, etc, and everything has been wonderful.  I took their cannolis and eclairs to family I was visiting out of town and they loved them.  Last week I was craving a last minute cupcake but was unaware of their hours.  I called to ask and the woman working said they were going to be open for a little while longer, and she waited for me to come by before she closed up for the night.  This place has a real "South  Philly" type feel.  Again, I love Potitos.Mmmmmmm....Cannoli....*drool*. I love Potito's, I live about 2 blocks away, and on a nice crisp day I can smell its deliciousness. My wife and I enjoy walking by and window shopping, wondering what THAT or what THAT or what THAT would taste like. Then we go in and buy a chocolate strawberry-shortcake, take it home and gorge on it, canceling out any any effort we put forth at the gym.
Whats becoming a christmastime tradition: on christmas eve I wake up early and stand in line just to get my hands on some cannolis because if we visit family on christmas with out cannoli there could be trouble. 
Also, a side note, this past christmas eve (07) they were selling dark chocolate covered ricotta cheese canoli. WOW.best eclairs ever. they probably deserve 5 stars, but i've been there once since i've grown up and that does not a five-star review make. but everything there is still delicious, that one huge sampling told me. :DThe place itself is pretty unassuming, the presentation and polish of the pastries and cakes is average, the cannoli are no better than those available a few other places, and the selection isn't large. Not bad if you're nearby but not a destination like the main Termini store.Potito's have a wide selection of traditional Italian cookies, pastries, and other treats. The baked goods are pretty good, our favorites were the vanilla frosted and vanilla cream filled donuts. They have great biscotti and rainbow cookies sometimes. But their cake is to die for. Delicious vanilla icing that is just the right amount of sweetness. The employees are very friendly and helpful. Well worth a trip to add to your waistline.Deliciousssssss.
Got the passion fruit and oreo Cannoli. Service was great. Would come back again if I lived here hahaTheir cannolis are so good that I got 4 of them at the same time and gobbled them up before leaving the store. They are huge; the fillings are fluffy and fresh; the crusty shells are perfect crispness. Altogether it has the perfect amount of sweetness. Tiramisu is good, too. It has robust coffee flavor with perfect cream consistency. People who think that Reading Terminal has good bakeries need to come to this place and get a reality check (that those bakeries are really terrible compared to the supreme sugary goodness that is Potito). Writing this review makes me want to get out my couch and head down here. Mmm...This place is what I miss most about living in south Philly! they have the best pastrys ever!I suggest trying their cheesecake!Best cannoli I've had in a long time!Delicious pastries with a quirky South Philly ambiance.  I always get the powdered ricotta doughnut.  It's like a cannoli/doughnut love child!The best cakes, donuts, and cupcakes ever. Love them. Friendly staff, always welcoming. Can't wait to order my husband's retirement cake.Cakes and Cannolis here are one of South Philly's best. small quaint store but a great reputation among locals especially the elders who know where they started since way back when on black and white. The Cakes are decadent and if you cannot drive all the way to Sweet Eats this is the economical alternative. Cannolis and cakes especially anything Italian on the pastries they got you covered. Strawberry shortcake it!!I have never had bananas foster-flavored ANYTHING as delicious as it was here. It was bananas foster cheesecake. I got away with an individual slice, which was incredible. The caramel sauce on top was decadent. I like it so much I think I'll get a regular sized on for my birthday next month!
Avoid the butter cookies though- not very good. I got the raspberry and lemon pressed variety.
$10 credit card minimumI was so excited to see that Popito's opened up in center city!  My friend brought a selection of cookies to a recent party, which were delicious so when I stumbled upon their second location at 13th & Walnut I purchased a lovely assortment of desserts to bring home and enjoy with my husband.  What a disappointment!!  The chocolate cupcake was without a doubt, a day old, and dry and stale.  I want my $6 back for that old cupcake which never should have been sold.  The cookies were a mixture of old and fresh.  I want to know when it became ok to sell customers old baked goods and bake every other day instead of daily?  The pecan pie had an awful taste, which I couldn't seem to place, but was simply unpalatable, so into the trash that went immediately.  I spent a total of $27 and only got a few fresh cookies for my money.   Even the classic Italian pine-nut cookies were too sugary and sweet and stale.  No one should change classic recipes, and everyone should bake daily.
I'm personally insulted that these owners think so little of me, their customer, to sell me stale goods.
My suggestion -- stay away from Popito's completely, and instead buy baked goods from a purveyor with a good reputation for making FRESH baked goods daily.ATTENTION ALL BRIDES THIS PLACE IS A DISGRACE. My aunt paid for her wedding cake in full weeks prior to her wedding.The wedding was this past Saturday and it couldn't have been more perfect until the wedding cake failed to show up ! The manger at the venue called the bakery multiple times and even had the manger of the bakery's personal number and everyone failed to answer a phone call!!!!! The manger at venue even drove to the horrible bakery and it was closed !!!!! My aunt left for her honeymoon for two weeks so my cousin had went to the shitty bakery to retrieve the money and the manger lied to her only gave some of the money back. Once my cousin got in touch with the bride and found out the real price of the cake she had to call the bakery once again to get the rest of the money back !!!!! Absolute disgrace!!!!I am completely in love with their amaretti, and the almond horseshoe cookies (though I have bad luck getting there early enough to score any of them!)I discovered Potito's a few years ago via a Groupon and it so happens to be about a block away from one of my essential South Philly stops, Cacia's. Potito's definitely has a good, old school Italian atmosphere with friendly service, good prices, no pretentiousness, etc. As for the baked goods, they are fantastic! I highly recommend the tiramasu canolli and any of the donuts.Bring a photo and they make a cake for you. Been going here for over 25 yearsBeing orig from an Italian neighborhood in NY,I always am critical of `non NY` Italian bakeries.I grew up on lobster tails & cannoli. Skeptical ,I ventured across the street from Dad`s Stuffings (4* from me too), and I enjoyed nice counter staff and a selection of `italian` and `american` goods.I must say,after holding Ferrara in NYC with reverence,that the Chocolate Canolli,which appears to be the shells are `chocLafied` right on sight,was outstanding to a point it could be the best (choc cannoli) I have ever had. They had other non traditional (tiramisu cannoli?) but choc covered is about as far as I stray.I would drive to here from the shore to get these delights.I must say also,I ordered a banana cream pie,and,was very surprised that it was creamy & delicious with fresh bananas and good cream.Very good pie.We sampled other fare (eclair) that was basic.I have find my new Italian Bakery when I feel the urge for good cannoll and pie.I look fwd to sampling other treats on my next trip! (ps-tight streets & parking not so good in the neighborhood but I think thats part of the fun!)..They had alot of other good looking items I can`t wait to try.Potitos is exactly what an Italian American bakery is supposed to be and their pastries are to die for!! No mater where you live, the trip is more than worth it.A pretty solid average Italian bakery but absolutely nothing like they used to be! 15 years ago I would argue that they were best in the city! But today? I don't think they are anything special and I could recommend other places over it.After our amazing lunch at Popi's Italian Restaurant last Saturday, we decided to swing by Potito's Italian Bakery, since it was in the area, plus I had purchased two Eversave's after reading how they had won numerous awards for their cannoli and cakes. One voucher was for $44.00 for one dozen specialty cannoli ( which cost me $22.00 ) and the other was for $24.00 for one dozen specialty cupcakes ( which cost me $12.00 ).
Before leaving home, I had called to ask what their hours were and she stated they were open seven days per week, from 7am to 7pm. So one would think that at 2pm they would have specialty cupcakes and or specialty cannoli, but they were totally sold out. If you know that you are going to be open for another five hours on a weekend day, have more baked and ready to sell.
I had two choices given to me, I could either hold onto the vouchers, which expired in two weeks and come back or accept regular cupcakes and cannoli. I chose the latter since we live a good twenty miles NE of S. Philadelphia. 
For my $24.00 voucher I got 12 of the driest cupcakes I have ever purchased in my life, no flavor, although the icing was a rich butter cream, the cake was so bone dry with no flavor, I would have been better off buying a box of Duncan Hines cake mix! A quart of milk would not even be enough to wash them down! My only two choices were chocolate or vanilla, not sure how their specialty cupcakes compare, but these babies were old, stale and needed to be tossed out.
The cannoli were fabulous, a perfectly crisp cannoli with the most delicious chocolate custard, vanilla custard and mascarpone cheese with chocolate chips, I got four of each. They were not at all skimpy on the fillings, it is no wonder they have won numerous first place awards for these!
My biggest problem was, I also bought two eclairs and a rather nice sized napoleon, which were each $3.00 and the gal said, if you buy $15.00 worth, we will give you a code for receiving $5.00 towards your next Eversave purchase! Dummy me, buys two more eclairs, now one would think that since I have already lost out on my other two deals, when I inquired as to the difference in price between a regular and a specialty, it was almost double the price. You would think that she would have either given me the first three free or gave me the voucher code free at will or at least the last two to total $15. They offered me nada! AND the voucher code will not take, as Eversave says it has already been redeemed, so they must have given it out twice?
The eclairs were okay, mine are a whole lot better, but if you are not into making them, they will suffice, the napoleon was not so good, piled high, lots of custard, but the phyllo dough was all caked together like a thick and very hard dry cookie, they needed to be brushed layer by layer with butter and the word flaky never came to mind.
They had some exhibits of various cakes sitting around on the window ledges, that needed a dusting and you could see the lovely finger prints the patrons made while checking to see if they were real. I would return for the regular cannoli's in a heartbeat and to hopefully try ONE specialty cannoli and ONE specialty cupcake.How can you give Potito's less than 5 stars??!!!!!!!
Potito's is a great little Italian bakery nestled in the heart of South Philly. Their Italian cream cake is to die for!  You know what I am talking about...a sponge cake with vanilla and chocolate cream; then soaked in rum...yum!!!
Cannolis, zeppolis, biscotti, panettone, did I mention cannolis? Even their bread is delicious.  And the staff is always friendly and willing to help you pick the right dessert.Potito's is my number 1 reason for visiting Philadelphia from Sunny South Florida. Okay, maybe my family in South Philly is number 1, but Potito's is up there on my list. I'm in love with their Cannolis!Last week, I stopped by Sabrina's in Fairmount for just a cup of coffee before a meeting and I, of course, had to torture myself with the pasty selection, knowing I couldn't, or rather, shouldn't, actually purchase any pastries with my coffee. I didn't buy any, but I did ask if they made their own desserts and that's how I found Potito's Bakery.
My friend Alexis is my go-to girl when it comes to where to eat in South Philly. She grew up in the neighborhood and I just moved in, so when I heard about this place just a few blocks away from me, I had to stop in. She told me they make the best cannolis and they make a cannoli cakes!!! 
I'm a big fan of cannolis and so when she said this, I had to double check that she meant they were better than Isgros, and she swore they were.
I made a mental note that I would get there on the next special occassion and I used this past Fathers Day as the perfect opportunity.
When I arrived at the bakery, I was immediately impressed. Not only did the cannolis look amazing, but there were two cannolis that caught my immediate attention - a chocolate covered shell with chocolate chip filling and a tiramisu cannoli. I felt like a little kid in a candy store. I know my eyes must have lit up because tiramisu is my favorite dessert, and to think that they found a way to combine this into a cannoli was just mind-blowing. I ordered up 8 cannolis for my family and I spent the next few hours completely focused on how they would taste.
I'd like to say I waited until dinner to try one, but I didn't. As soon as I brought the cannolis home, my mom and sister just egged me on. "C'mon, dinner won't be until six," they said.... "we should try one now..." So, I did., We split a tiramisu in 3 and it was incredible! A perfect 10! The cream filling was light, the shell was not soggy at all, it had the perfect crunch and the flavor lived up to my expectations. We all looked at each other and knew, we just found the new family favorite. The days of waiting in long lines at Isgros on Christmas Eve were officially over. 
I spent the rest of the day making sure that whatever I ate, I'd be leaving enough room for the chocolate chip cannolis. I had a delicious lobster dinner, but it didn't matter. My mind was 100% focused on when it would be time for cannoli sampling number 2.
I just had some day after cannoli before I wrote this review and it's still fabulous. Needless to say, I'm a big fan and I'll be back!!Chocolate covered canolis are so freakin good. Their amaretto cookies are also really delicious.
I am not a real big fan of their italian cakes...but their strawberry shortcakes are delicious. Their chocolate filled canolis aren't as good as the cheese filled ones.I have been going to this bakery for about 10 years now and it's the best . I have tried to many , believe me. I wish they would open more up throughout the city! It's nice when I go to wildwood they have one also and I am able to get there cannolis if I have company, there Rum cake is to die for. I just had it again for my daughters birthday and forgt how good it actually was.  I'm kinda glad I don't live in south philly anymore cause I would be stopping there everyday and i would be gaining ton so weight.  Lol. But it's by far the best.  The only thing that sucks sometimes is holidays when I'm waiting in line for over an hour.I ordered my birthday cake in the AM and picked it up by 3PM. It was their Italian rum soaked cake. Wow is it an amazing cake. The icing was good, and thick.
I would definitely buy from here again!Good ricotta cannoli, but that's about it. Back in the 90s Potitos was awesome. Everything good goes away.....simple fact. Find the new best.AMAZING cannoli and donuts at this shop. They also make great cheesecakes and other assorted confections. The service and attitudes of the staff also seem much better since their reopening. They are a bit pricey, but they're totally worth it for special occasions or the intermittent weekend treat.I purchased a birthday cake and other assorted cakes and cookies. After the festivities or the next day I contacted this place.They were rude snooty and very unprofessional. It is not that I lost my money or served stale goods to family and Friends I lost a really good bakery. They were really good at one time and now they are not!!"Great donuts!  Probably the best you'll ever get. Only bad thing is that they don't have a huge supply. Get there early. Or better yet, call the day before and place an order. The only make Boston Creams and powdered jellies if you order them. They both are to die for. Oh, and their ricotta cannoli is delish!I wish I could give "no stars". I ordered a chocolate cake with chocolate butter cream icing for my daughter's First Holy Communion luncheon this past Saturday.  The cake was suppose to be delivered by 11:00 AM and when we arrived at the restaurant at 11:35 the cake was still not delivered.  I called the bakery and at first they could not find the order.  The woman on the phone was trying to help but when I asked to talk to the owner (who was in the background shouting answers to the woman helping me on the phone), she said no because she was helping a person there for a cake testing.  Apparently once you pay 100% for your order you are not as much of a priority as someone who's business they are still trying to get.  After a few minutes I was told that they found the order and it would be right over.   At 12:10 (an hour and 10 minutes past delivery time) the cake and cupcakes arrived and they were disgraceful.  The cake did not have the design that I had ordered (A cross made out of icing flowers and a rosary...something they suggested)  the writing on the cake was crooked and looked like it had been done honestly like a 5 year old had done it and the final touch a pair of rosary beads were just thrown on the cake.  They should be ashamed of what they sent.  They took a cake and quickly tried to fill my order.  When I called back (right away...again taking time away from my daughter, friends and family), the owner was still was with the cake tester and would still not get on the phone.  She called a few minutes later and was very matter of fact that they did not lose the order.  I told her I could not deal with this now as I had already spent 1/2 hour of my daughter's party on the phone.  She told me she would call me in 2 days.  That was 6 days ago.  BTW I still have chocolate cake left over.  It was so overly sweet and not the butter-cream icing that I ordered that no one even wanted leftovers.  We live in the area and had been customers of Potito's for years.  Never again.  Overrated and terrible management.  A photo of the cake is my profile pic.I'm very much in favor of Potito's for cannoli and amaretto cookies. Wonderful, tasty business.
 It's a small blessing that I have to walk all over Hell's half acre to get there from my house cause otherwise the nice people working there would get so sick of seeing my face all up in there constantly.Cupcakes (when fresh) are amazing! Soft and flavorful. I can only assume the cakes would. E too. Also ordered an Apple Danish- very tastyLet me start out by saying I really hate store bought cakes because you can taste the preservatives and are usually nasty & overly sweet... two years ago my wedding venue used them to make our wedding cake and now we are driving over 2 hours and have centered our day on going there to pick up another cake from them. We ate the top layer of the cake last year after freezing it for our first anniversary & it froze well & tasted just as good as the day of the wedding!!! Not to mention that they are absolutely phenomenal with such amazing & friendly staff! They do a beautiful job & really had so many options & were more than willing to work with us and provided additional options since we were not fans of fondant. Thank you for being such an amazing part of our wedding & we look forward to returning for years to recreate this memorable day!I ordered a cake for my mother-in-law's 80th birthday party from Potito's. It was great!! So many people came up and asked me where it came from because they really loved it. The owner was extremely helpful and helping me to get the right flavors and size. We ended up ordering a chocolate cake with chocolate icing. They added several vanilla cupcakes with vanilla icing in addition to the cake. What a great idea! I never thought about the people that don't love chocolate, but Potito's did. I'll definitely order from them again!The absolute best bakery. I have been going here for years and I'm always satisfied.  Everything is fresh and tastes delicious.  The service could be a bit better though.I have not eaten their ricotta cheese cannolis in a year, but I still dream of them. Potito's cannolis are truly the best in Philly, hands down. Seriously, I am bowing down to their glory. That stuff is divine!
Also excellent is their chocolate cake with strawberries. It received many compliments at a birthday party.
Can't wait to go back for more cannolis and try their other cakes!I have to admit I haven't actually eaten anything from here but i did get dome cannolis for my clients and they loved them!!!
As a visitor to Philly it was a little hard to find this Italian bakery in the residential neighborhood and parking appeared to be quite scarce.
The ladies took the time to explain what everything was and were pretty nice to me, for Philly standards that is...I've only had doughnuts here and honestly, I wasn't that impressed. They were rather hard and the icing cracked and fell off in huge chunks when I took a bite. The filling on the inside was not very creamy, more like a thick version of cake icing. 
I'd stop in and try a cannoli if in the area, but I won't be going out of my way to do so.I came with 2 friends at around 5:30 PM, which we all know is really late to go to a bakery! I don't know how fresh I could have expected the pastries to be, at that point.
So, take this review with a grain of salt.
I was really not hungry, but my friends got the cannoli (original and tiramisu) and a sfogliatella. I got 1 pignoli and 2 fig filled shortbread cookies (with crushed peanuts on the outside? I think they are called cucidata.)
The lady behind the counter waved a hand at me when I asked how much the cookies were per pound, and later clarified that those were on the house because there were only 3 cookies. I was very impressed and tickled by this service, because I know how expensive pine nuts are.
I liked the sfogliatella filling- it tasted somewhat cheesecakey to me (maybe a combination of ricotta and cream cheese?) and liked the candied orange zest pieces in it. I didn't care for the not-so-crunchy pastry, but again...5:30 PM!
The cannoli shells were thicker than I would have preferred, and not as crunchy as I would have preferred. I have yet to find a cannoli that I prefer over the delicious ones at Viso's in Aston and Media. 
I might like to go back to Potitos sometime and try the cannoli at the beginning of the day. Maybe they can wait to fill the cannoli so that the shells don't absorb the moisture from the filling during the day? For the super late comers like us, of course :D. For a late afternoon visit, it was okay.My wedding cake was absolutely gorgeous and, from what I had, was delicious ! Unfortunately, aside from the cake cutting, we didn't eat  any at our reception. We did eat our parents cake that they received and it was sooo good ! Perhaps we will get a cake for our one year anniversary- in addition to eating the top of our cake, well attempt to :)I live in South Philly, and want to support local businesses. For a while, I had been stopping by Potito's on my way to work, picking up treats for co-workers on special occasions. Donuts were a favorite, and everyone would love them. I would look forward to telling them where to go to find them, whenever someone would ask.  The older woman who would always help me during the week in the morning (M-F) was always so kind.  But I went on a Sunday recently, to pick up some treats. I had wanted to try another local bakery in South Philly who is known for their donuts, but they were sadly closed on Sunday (summer hours.)  I remembered Potito's, and had not been in a while. This has happened before here when different people are working, but I have let it slide. But today, I had enough. Poor, rude, unkind service is uncalled for, and ridiculous to have to put up with when you are patronizing a place for their goods or services. You are not doing me any favors, I am paying you with my hard earned cash for things you are offering to sell. Don't treat me like I am not welcome, or that I am annoying you by asking if you have something available. There were two women working this morning, one of which had absolutely no reservations about showing how much she did not want to speak with me, much less look me in the eye, or help me. Her co-worker, picking up on the nasty treatment being give, kindly tried to soften things by interceding at one point. Again, I almost let it go, understanding that you sometimes have to deal with South Philly attitudes as part of its "charm", until the one with attitude snapped at me with an incredibly snide "what else". I made up my mind right then and there, forget it. This place, and this obnoxious person, is not getting one more cent from me, nor are they going to be afforded any more forgiveness for their rude behavior. Not only will I never step foot in this place again, I will never steer business to it with co-workers or friends. In this day and age where competition is thriving, you would think old businesses like these would make some effort. Instead, they close themselves off to anyone not accepted by them as one of their own, and treat those customers as if they are a tedious chore to deal with. Well don't worry, you won't have to deal with this paying customer ever again. You can stew in your own misery.I can't believe no one knows about this place!  Am I the only one?  I'm sure this little gem hidden deep in South Philly has the best cannolis, EVER.  I know, I know, what do I know about Italian pastries?  Try one of their ricotta cheese cannolis and you'll know what I mean.
Just 4 stars because the people behind the counter can be a little rude and parking is a bitch.  Then again, you're in South Philly, so just double park.The Chocolate Strawberry Shortcake is amazing.! Moist chocolate cake filled w/ chocolate mousse, fresh strawberries; and covered in more mousse and chocolate covered strawberries.Best cake I've had in a long time. 
This made up for the horrid thing I ate last review. Not quite a fan yet, but getting there.Nice bakery in South Philly.  Went here after reading the reviews of a fellow Yelpster who has fam in Philly.  Went in real quick and grabbed a Ricotta cheese Cannoli.  It was good, not something I'm going to crave I don't think but I enjoyed it.  I would have tried other stuff but I was in a hurry and it was more of a quick pitstop.  Sweet lady on the inside, though she got a little confused with how to take credit cards lol . . . but it was cool.  I don't see myself as a big Cannoli fan, but maybe I should have tried the chocolate one . . . oh well, the cannoli was fresh and I would try if in the area . . . they look like they have some tasty looking cakes and other pastries in here as well.Ordered my daughter's6th birthday cake in advance and paid cash -- $70-- when we went to pick it up shop was closed.  No sign on the door, no phone call - nothing.  Neighbors told is they closed in middle of night for no reason.  My daughter cried on the way to her birthday party.  They reopened several months later and I tried to get my $70 back -- they wouldn't even talk to me.
For my daughter, Isgros was kind enough to make her Little Mermaid cake in 15 minutes.OMG our wedding cake was so delish! Potitos was a pleasure to work with. Every layer, every flavor was so yummy! Our His & Her cake was beautiful with chocolate and vanilla buttercream icing. The chocolate chip cake was my favorite. I highly recommend Potito's!!I developed both a craving and a liking towards Potito's bakery after I tasted my friend's birthday cake: the Fruit Torte. After that, when another friend's birthday approaches, I knew EXACTLY what cake to get. 
Fresh Mixed Fruit Torte- Homemade nut crust filled with a thin layer of sponge cake, homemade vanilla Italian cream, and strawberries, topped with fresh fruit and surrounded in almond slivers. 
Sounds good, right?Well, it tasted even better!! I was debating between a cannoli and a tiramisu for quite a while and decided to compromise by buying a tiramisu cannoli :D Total: $23.00. Sooo worth it. 
Potito's Bakery is almost perfect in my book. However two things bothered me: 
1. the lack of signs depicting the item's identity and price. I feel bad asking the people a million times "oooh, what is this?" and "ooh, how much is this?" 
2. the ladies behind the counter seemed a bit annoyed by my presence. However, that could be because I keep asking about the desserts and its price. (which wouldn't happened if they could fix #1) 
But overall, this is definitely the place for me to indulge all my sweet tooth cravings. Yay for another unnecessary ten pounds!!For the 2012 Holidays I  ordered a large tin of Italian cookies and 1 order of the non-peril bars. Unable to bake last year due to surgery, I felt the cookies would be a nice treat for my family as well as for my Meals on Wheels clients that I delivered to every day. 
How disappointing when I did not receive the entire order. The non peril bars never came. In addition, the cookies in the tin were very poorly  packed. For the price they charge for packaging, the cookies were a mess. Broken, smushed, no layering in between. Every cookie tasted like amaretto because there was no division between them. I called five times and wrote two letters with all of the documentation enclosed, asking for a refund for the cookies I never received. Still waiting. At one point, someone from Potitos did call and acknowledge the error, promising me a refund as well as promising to send me a few cookies as a coutesy for my troubles.Still waiting for that as well. 
All I wanted was a refund for cookies I never received. Their cookies may be good in the store, but don't order online.You will end up paying for something you never get. And be treated very poorly.I have bought cookies there several times in the past and found mole on them. I will never shop there again.I don't even like cannolis, but after having Potito's, I'm a total convert. It doesn't look like much on the outside, but I highly recommend visiting for their delicious dessert at this South Philly staple.I hate to base a review on one product but...
The place smells amazing and the stuff in the window looked great. I got a cinnamon bun filled w/ cream and covered in chocolate. Yuck! The cake was dry (stale), the cream filling was not buttercream, the chocolate frosting was poor commercial quality (all I could taste was sugar) and the whole thing was overly sweet. I barely got thru half of it.
I'm hoping their Italian pastries would fare better, but am kind of hesitant after the monstrosity I got that I did not enjoy at all.They used to be good.  Things have changed...
Either they've hired cheap help or changed their recipes to incorporate shortcuts, which drives up costs and decreases quality.
I live close by and would wake up to the amazing smells that come out of that place.  Not anymore...Ok heres da score.  One day iz in Potitos  and some ditzy broad wit suburbs writ all over her comes in.  Da ladies work dere was gettin my order ready, and this lady says to me, mind you, in Potitos, where's the best 'talian rum cake from, how is this place?  Is Terminis better?
Well, I will tell ya that Terminis does make a good product, no one can take that away from them.  They do good canolis and Pignolis too. 
But i don't know what to tell the lady, so I say "rum cake is a very personal thing, and families develop favorites".  Not good enough for Ms. i want what I want. "well where do they do your favorite Italian Rum Cake"?  
I pointed out that our conversation WAS taking place at Potitos.
Nuff said.  This stuff is to some degree whats best, to some degree what you like best, and to some degree what Grandma/Mom/other significant other likes.
There is nothing wrong with Terminis.  I love Isgros.  Both of those and Potitos are better then well, I don't need ta be tawkin no trash, ya know?
I rank Potitos first, Isgros second, terminis third, and I will tell ya they are all very very good.  All are examples of the bakers art at the highest level, but for special occasions you will find us buying a cake at Potitos.
Unless we go here
http://www.yelp.com/biz/swiss-haus-philadelphia#hrid:9nes7z27jhdscgfsNEnBiQ/src:self
But thats a whole nother story...I live nearby so when I saw the bakery was reopening I gave it a try. I think they have my favorite cannolis in town. The filling is light and delicious and the shell is perfectly tasty and crisp. The cookies are delicious too. I haven't had any other items yet but I look forward to going more often since they're so close by.Potito's has been a staple in South Philly for many many years. This hidden gem has many of the best Italian bakery specialties that you could ask for. The cannoli and St Joseph's cakes are second to none. The Italian cream cake is another legend among the locals that shouldn't be missed. I remember when I was a young my Father taking us here to pickup the Italian cream birthday cakes for our Family. Not much has changed and the bakery is still pumping out the best of the best. Don't miss a chance to visit Potito's if your in the neighborhood.Our wedding venue uses them for the wedding cake. They were awful. The cake didn't look professionally made. Did not taste good, was ordinary with too sweet sugar icing. and was so tiny ! We had a beautiful wedding but the cake was a real disappointment.  Asked for a partial refund and there was no argument (I'm sure they get this all the time) but every time I call I'm told it's in the mail.  Don't use this Bakery.The ONLY place to buy an Italian rum (Italian cream) cake. 
Unless you want a gross one.The best Italian cream cake in Philly, or anywhere else. Still made the old fashion way.I wanted to try something new so I went inside this small cute little bakery located on Walnut. This was my first time here and It will definitely be my last. The service was worth 2 stars to start. Most of the girls were on there phones texting. Second, I wanted about three items on the menu and one of the girls just kept telling me they were out of the ingredients. I don't know if it is store policy for the girls to wear glove when handling bread, but she wasn't wearing gloves when she made my sandwich. I settled for a sandwich; and when it was received, there was a black thing this size of a thumb tack in it.. And there was only one in the bread and not the rest of it. I won't be back.I was looking for a cronut in Philly which apparently is pretty hard to find, and ended up here even though when I called ahead they said they didn't have any. Still, really good cannoli's, especially the tiramisu, better than the ones I had at Vaccaro's in Baltimore. Also tried some cookies and the cheesecake, which were both good. Cookies are pretty expensive at $15-25/pound, but the cheesecake was pretty reasonable at $11, though small. What brings this to 5 stars is the lady behind the counter. Walking in, we're greeted with "Youse know what youse want?" in true Philly form. I prepared myself for the stereotypical Philly impatience, but she ended up being super nice - my friend only wanted a couple cookies and she gave it to us for free because she said it just wasn't worth weighing - but still probably $2 worth of cookies. She was also pretty helpful picking out what to bring for a party.I would give zero stars if possible. First, the attitude of the staff was rude and unacceptable. I felt as if I was inconveniencing them for being there to pick up my order. Second, they did not fulfill my order correctly. I placed an order a week prior for multiple pounds of cookies and explicitly stated which types of cookies I would like placed in the order. They completely ignored that request and only gave me a few types. People have been saying this business has been going downhill, and unfortunately it is true. The quality of the desserts is decent, but the service is absolutely horrible. I sadly will not be returning.Never again. I got a cupcake cake that looked pathetic. It was nothing like what the picture I showed. It's ok if you can't do it but let people know so they can go some where else. I was charged like $80 for that disgrace. I also purchase two donuts that were stale as hell. What a complete joke and embarrassing.It's worth coming for the cannoli. It's also a cool traditional spot of Philadelphia's neighborhood culture.Let me start off by saying that prior to today, I was a huge fan of Potito's Bakery.  My favorite is their Italian Cream Cake or Rum Cake as others have called it.  I picked up one today for my birthday.
When we cut the cake, it wasn't as high as I remember their cakes being.  The cake was dry and there wasn't a hint of rum in the cake!  I was very, very disappointed.  
I send everyone I know to Potito's for cakes and cannoli's but after today and some other things I've heard from neighbors about the quality, I don't' know if I'll be going back or referring them to anyone anymore.
Very disappointed in the quality of this cake.  This is the first time, ever, that I've been disappointed with anything from them.
With that said, the cake looked very pretty!