Great place.  Great meats.  Great prices.  I agree with Nausheen K's review that the owner and the worker are always freindly and helpful.  It's just a great place to go if you're just looking for quality meat, or if you're looking for halal meat, or both!This review might be premature since I haven't tasted the meat yet, going over the flames tonight. First time there on Tuesday and the gentleman was extremely welcoming. They didn't have cuts of meat that I wanted ready when I arrived but was able to find me something I could work with. I didn't know this place is organic until seeing others' reviews on Yelp. If this is the case, halal AND organic? I'm never going back to Whole Foods.Made the trek from Jersey to check this guy out, since he's a legit butcher, and not the usual bag & go meat market catering to the South Asian population in South Jersey (no offense, but the peeps from the homeland just don't know or care what a good steak is!).  I'm so glad I did!
My loot: the freshest ground beef I have ever seen, freshly smoked sausages, fresh cold cuts, short ribs, and chicken breast.  I stocked up enough meaties for a month for $37.  I only wish I knew about them sooner and hadn't wasted time & money trying to get real meat from a fake butcher.
All the stuff is hand slaughtered (zabihah halal) as assured by the staff and on the signs/business cards, etc.
The brother at the counter was super funny & helpful too.  When I told him I was moving to Hawaii & concerned about not being able to find halal meat, he made some phone calls and got the info from a Hawaiian brother living in Cali.  The ultimate hook-up!
Bottom line: fresh, great prices, legit halal.  Helps to call ahead if you have a large order as the line can accumulate and take a while.Great butcher, using locally sourced meats, long before it became the trend. Great prices and the guys are really, really nice.They closed as I was walking up. "Going to lunch" at 3:15 on a Saturday and didn't want to help me. I drove across town to check them out but wasn't about to wait around 20 minutes. So I took my unwanted cash to the italian market.Rude obnoxious. Would not go back if it was the only meat shop in town. Walked by the store and the open sign was turned off, so it seemed like they were closed. I looked in the window, saw someone and mimed asking whether they were open. Someone motioned me in. I walked in saying I could not tell whether they were open. The person behind the counter said "was it not obvious?" I said no, because your open sign was turned off. He then went on to say "well our hours of operation are listed on the door." He then had the gumption to then ask me "how can I help you?"  I promptly said no thank you and walked out.Just moved to PHL from San Francisco and have been working on establishing the basics; cleaners, barber, butcher, etc.  Read about Quetta and headed over there today.  Met Scott (I hope I have that right) the owner.  Six generations of  his family have grown up in the general neighborhood. He was kind enough to explain where and how he sourced his beef (local Lancaster cattle - my old hometown) and emphasized that the cattle are organically raised.  I picked up two beautifully marbled bone-in rib eye's and a few lbs. of freshly ground beef.  Looking forward to digging into it all.  Update to follow.....Every small butcher that I've frequented in the past has been more expensive than what you get in the grocery store.  However, this place actually seems cheaper.  The guy that runs the place is awesome -- super friendly and can help you find whatever type of meat that you are looking for.  I was sad to leave this place when I moved away from Philly.The service, quality, and prices cannot be beat! I primarily go to Quetta to get lunch meat and sliced cheese for sandwiches. There prices are lower than anywhere else, even Save-a-lot! The quality of the meat is comparable to Whole Foods as far as taste and purity is concerned. The gentlemen working here are super helpful and friendly. The only downside is that sometimes they close early or close for a lunch break. I asked the owner how he kept his prices so low, he said "I sell a whole lot". My stomach and wallet are thankful for this!This place will sell you good meat at a good price. It is Halal so swine is not available here. This place is ideal for getting that fresh lamb for the Roganjosh that you're making later on tonight.I have for many years now purchased nearly all of our meats there. Their ribeye, t-bone, flank, strip, et-cetera have always been top-notch. They will cut your steaks however thick you want. They have lamb as well. At least once a week, they make their ground beef from brisket. The brisket texture is great for hamburgers or meat loaf. I like this better than ground beef from a typical grocery store where it is made from the customary chuck, round or sirloin. Their sausages are great and this often includes fantastic lamb sausage. Obviously, they sell no pork products. Friendly guys too. I am going to go there now...love this place - great sirloin steaks and affordable. also come here for deli meat.  friendly service.Great butcher, the quality of the meat is very good.  Everything is fresh from there.  So far my favorite item from them is the cheese steak box that they have, the meat is absolutely delicious and melts in your mouth.  I live out in the suburbs and don't mind commuting to the city for these guys.Some of the best turkey bacon I have ever had came from this place.  Their meats are  very good and their prices reasonable.  I definitely recommend Quetta for anyone looking for a good butcher in Center City.So I've lived right around the corner from here for almost a year, but have been intimidated to stop in.  Finally, I decided I wanted some chicken breast and the prices/quality at South Square led me to Quetta.  The store smells like meat when you walk in.  There was one woman in front of me, ordering huge amounts of meat, and when she was done I asked for 2 pounds of chicken breast.  They only sell them in 3 pound bags, so he tried to find a small one.  I was making a big crock pot recipe so this wasn't a big deal, but if you are cooking for one 3 pounds is a lot.  I had to trim away a little bit of skin/bone, but I didn't mind because you could tell it was cut by hand.  I was a little skeeved that the guy handling the meat was also handling the money.  He may have had some sort of system going to prevent cross-contamination, but I'm not sure.  The chicken was kind of pricey, but it's obviously fresh.  I took a look at the eggs and they were all expired/almost expired, so make sure you check the carton.  Looking forward to trying some beef and lamb.Great butchers.  The meat is of the highest quality and the prices should make the supermarkets be ashamed.  I bought lamb chops the other day and they were fantastic and great value at about $3 each.
The chicken breasts looked great as well, so I picked up a pack.  About $1 a breast and not full of water.
The guy behind the counter was very friendly.  The prices on the beef looked great as well.
So, in a nutshell, great quality meat at great prices.This place is amazing! The butcher/owner knows exactly what he's doing and cares about it too! Everything is fresh and he'll cut whatever you want if you call ahead and let him know. Great experience, highly recommended.Bought lamb shoulder for lamb curry here -- YUM. Laith (the butcher) literally took out a full lamb, cut its shoulder off and proceeded to de-bone it and cut it in to cubes for me. Almost 6 pounds of meat - great for the stew! Delicious, great quality, amazing prices ($5.99/lb). Will definitely be going back here.Great shop and very friendly service. The shop is small and clean, and they also sell some assorted, ethnic frozen foods (e.g. paratha, samosas, etc.) The surrounding neighborhood is quiet and nice, and there's a large grocery store (Square on Square?) a block away if you need other items.
I didn't know what type of lamb to buy and the man behind the counter was very helpful in choosing the best type for an Indian curry and then cutting the pieces accordingly. The quality of both the lamb and the chicken that I bought were very good.I can cast no higher praise upon a Butcher than saying that I've never gotten a bad steak from them. Quetta has earned such praise many times over.
Let's start with the basics - this is a butcher, the place is full of many different kinds of meat. The staff do the butchering in the store, and its fantastic to be able to get a steak cut to your exact specifications. Additionally, the staff here is universally fantastic. I have found myself getting into 5 minute conversations with staff about what cut would be good, how to cook, politics, really anything. It can be fairly intimidating to go into a specialty store, and the staff here does a great job of guiding you through everything.
Next - there really aren't too many butchers in this neighborhood. I actually can't think of any butchers on this side of broad street. That being said, its not just a convenient location for a lot of the city, but the price is very reasonable for the quality of steak you get. Finally, I have (clearly) bought into what this store is selling - but recently I needed some ground beef. I got the ground brisket blend. They put it through the grinder in front of my while I was standing there. Really, really good. Making your cut or getting your ground beef on the spot is not something you can get very often, and it is a really great thing to offer.
So to sum up, Good Service, Good Prices, Better Food - It's a good hang in Graduate Hospital. Check it out!One and only halal shop I've been to. Been here about 2-3 times. I find the owner (assuming he's the owner) very unfriendly. I told him it was my first time there and that I didn't know where to find what I wanted. I was just looked at without any acknowledgment or greeting or anything. So I just continued on with what I wanted and he pointed me to it. I guess it's okay since I got what I wanted? 
I paid $11 for a bag of chicken legs (about 7-8 pieces). I think it's pricey but I haven't compared to another store yet and $47 for 2 bags of chicken legs plus 2 boxes of goat pieces. Sorry, I don't know the weight of these so I'm talking in terms of bags and boxesGreat great place! To be honest the only one in the Center Philly! The prices are good! So competitive in comparison to Whole Food's ones! And you are always sure you get organic, HALAL meet. Being Muslim it is very important for me and my family!Rotting meat, terrible service. This place is filthy and disgusting. 
I bought deli meat from them, asking for half a pound. They didn't weigh it and it was clearly not half a lb. the guy used no gloves and the turkey rotted in two days. 
The lamb I bought was chewy and disgusting, I asked for cubes for lamb kabob and they gave me mostly bones. The lamb was chewy and smelled awful.
Stay away.I am so glad to have found a local butcher. With the poor options at South Street Market, the fairly high prices at Dibruno and the inconvenience of the Italian Market (to me), I was lacking a local option for meats. Luckily, I learned of Quetta Halal Market and anticipating the big storm trudged over for some things to tide me over. I left with two pounds of stew meat (cut in front of me and great quality), a package of beef hot sausage (they don't sell pork obviously) and a small chicken (total $19). The beef and chicken were really wonderful and fresh and I have yet to try the sausage but already know I will be pleased. The store itself is small and not the best for browsing as much of the items for sale are not actually out for viewing. However, there is a large board behind the counter and all you need to do is simply tell one of the people behind the counter what it is that you would like (and how you would like it) and voila! Also, there are a couple of small freezers with a few prepackaged products like ground meat and chicken and the above mentioned sausage which helps with convenience. Don't be fooled by the minimal exterior of this place, go inside and see how great it is for yourself!This place had me excited to eat meat again after being a vegetarian for awhile.  The guys behind the counter are great and are your great local butcher.  The meat itself is fantastic and cut to order.  Plus, the prices are absolutely insane.  So ridiculously cheap you would expect to be a lower quality meat but its not at all.  Although not as local any more, I make sure I get there as often as possible.  Be sure to get there early on the weekends, cause they do run out at times.I might be biased because its in my neighborhood but I love this place. Their brisket/ground chuck hybrid is so wonderful. It's easy to get to, the staff is great. I highly recommend a visit.I've been Fresh Grocery-in it and Reading Terminal-in it...teaching my taste buds to settle. 
Both the prices, with especial regards to the lamb, and the freshness of the meat beat out the overpriced FG and the way-down-yonder RT. 
Although Fresh Grocer is about 10-20 cents cheaper than Quetta for chicken and dollars cheaper for the deli, the freshness outweighs the difference in dimes. DIMES, people, DIMES. (I've never had a more tender chicken).
Hours are decent and friendly service is off the charts. So personable and pleasant to order from.
Mon = Closed
Tues-Thurs = 10 A - 7 P
Fri = 3 P-8 P
Sat = 10 A - 8 P
Sun = 10 A - 5 P.
Note: $15 minimum for credit cards. 
In the back of the store, there are sodas, small snackies, and frozen samosas...and some random pies. And it's a small store. But I'm coming back for more.I am so very glad to have this wonderful butcher in my life!  My husband is an observant Muslim from North Africa.  I'm a secular Jew born and raised in Philadelphia.  Quetta has been a wonderful resource for us.  The staff is super friendly and very knowledgeable about their product.  They sell the cuts of meat that I am used to eating in my "Western" diet, but it's all halal so my husband can eat it.  The quality of the meat is always excellent, the shop is clean, and the prices are very fair.  I particularly love the homemade spicy lamb sausage.  My mom and even got a beautiful brisket for Passover here!  I highly recommend this butcher shop.  Even if you don't necessarily seek out halal meat, it's wonderful to support a local business with a commitment to quality and customer service.  Also, their fresh meat is organic!  Great bonus!This is the best place in the area to buy meat if you aren't looking to pay the ridiculous prices at the local grocery stores.  Not only is it cheap, but the chicken and steaks are delicious.  Quetta is one of the only true butcher shops left, and I highly recommend stopping in to try it out.Trustworthy Zabiba (handslaughtered) halal meats. I've talked to many Muslims in Philly, several of whom are halal restaurant owners in Philadelphia who vouch for the farms the meats come from. Their meats are fresh and delicious every time, masha'Allah.Love going to Quetta for my halal meat needs. Their beef pastrami is absolutely amazing!Don't ask me why but it feels good when I talk about Quetta and people say "you have a butcher?" Try Quetta and you can too.
The first time boo and I went we got two flank steaks that would have made Fred Flintstone blush. When he told us the price we said, well in that case throw in two sirloins too!! 
There is no correlation between the quality and the price. Just today I picked up some prime rib but first I called Giunta Prime at RTM since it's closer, 10.99 a lbs, Quetta... 5.50 and I got tips to cook it. It was the most flavorful meat I've ever had. 
Side note, it's Halal so they don't sell pork however look up the preperation of Halal meat and I believe you'll see it as a plus.I find the meat to be tough, but flavorful, the sausages spicy, but fatty (great as the meat for a stew or sauce), and the mild smoked veals to be particularly handy to have around.  So nice to have such friendly people in the neighborhood, and he can cut you up what you want.We recently bought a new grill/smoker and for the first grill we wanted a GOOD piece of meat and that is just what we got. This place was easy to find and the guys working there were so friendly. As for the meat, we got 10.5 lbs of beef brisket and it couldn't have been better. Even with barely any spices on it the meat tasted amazing!Pros: extremely cheap prices, good quality meats
Con (It's a really big one that others have mentioned): The guy who does the cutting/butchering/handling of the meat uses the same gloves/hands to handle the money. Dude gave me back my card with a piece of chicken on the card....it was disgusting. And when I pointed it out he apologized but honestly he acted like it was no big deal.
I'm giving the place 2 stars and not 1 because of the prices, but I honestly don't think I will ever go back if I can find another decently cheap, high quality butcher in the city.Just got home from visiting Quetta Halal Meat Market and I am so happy to have given them my business! I purchased some smoked turkey deli meat, roast beef deli meat, hamburger patties, nystrip steak, cheesesteak meat and cheese. I tried the deli meat and it was so yummy! The owner and worker were very friendly and courteous. They told me about the history of the market and welcomed me to Philly (just moved here a month ago). I can't wait to cook up the steak and try more of their meat. I think it's wonderful to finally have a local, organic home grown, hand slaughtered meat market in center city. They've been around since the 1970's and have been organic since before it became popular. Props to the owner!Loved this place for a while. Great prices, great local meat, friendly service, convenient location. There's a fresh meat counter with non-pork meats -- chicken and about a dozen cuts of beef.  There's also a freezer that contains chicken parts, meat pies and some ready-to-heat items.
BUT THEN .... two months ago I was in there for a few things. I was third in line. The first guy gets some beef; the butcher (don't know if it was the owner or the assistant) cut the beef using his bare hands and the saw machine, then he takes the customer's money, again with his bare hands, and makes change. I'm really shocked, and think I must have mis-seen, so I pay closer attention. The second customer asks for a whole chicken; the butcher picks it up (yes with those same hands!), wraps it, hands it off, takes the money, makes change. Turns to me. I ask for a steak and yes, he cut it and wrapped it and took my money all with his bare hands, after touching the chicken and who knows what else for how long.
I was heartbroken. I'd loved this place, defended it against my family, who thought it looked dirty. I figured there were hygiene standards that were met even if the place did look old and rundown.  Their meat is fantastic, but I took that steak home and couldn't eat it.
Really bummed about this.
You don't have to have bells and whistles to get my business, but you have to be clean. Still can't bear to give them one star, though; they're great otherwise :'-{Always have great experiences with Quetta. Friendly people, quality meat and a convenient neighborhood location. Happy to continually have a good reason to support a local business. I recommend asking them what they have available and letting them guide you.Once we found Quetta Halal in Philly, it was the only place we bought meat.  Everything was so fresh and we would often call the day we planned to go or the day before to see if he had fresh chicken in or goat or lamb, whatever we were looking for.  He would let us know when he was getting it in fresh and we would be there!  Basically this place really opened up my meat knowledge of cuts and what each cut is best used for, because he would tell us :D The deli meat and cheese is also amazing.  Every now and they he would have frozen turkey legs, quail, and duck as well.  His house made veal sausage is to die for.  In the freezer section he had some beef peperoni and other things that I didn't get a chance to try.  If your into bacon he did nice juicy beef and turkey bacon slices and the turkey bacon was probably the best I ever had!
I moved from Philly a fews ago now but my husband and I often will just say "Remember Quetta Halal in Philly?" and talk about everything we missed getting from there.  If only he would move to Madison WIsconsin :(The place is clean. The person who helped me was friendly. So why am I giving them two stars? Because I bought what was almost the worst leg of lamb I've ever bought from here. And it wasn't cheap either.I drove here after reading all of the positive Yelp reviews because I wanted to make sure I got a good leg of lamb to serve my guests. I've made leg of lamb plenty of times and it is usually excellent to very good. But I didn't want to take a chance since I've had a few leg of lambs from the market that were ok but not great. The lamb didn't smell great while cooking like lamb usually does, and seemed tough and flavorless. If I lived in the neighborhood and didn't have 1/2 hour drive to get here (and another 1/2 hour to try to find parking in the area) I might give this place a try again. But for sausages, or other products not leg of lamb. Saw a much smaller looking leg of lamb at Wegmans the next day for just under 1/2 of what I paid and wished I just bought it there instead.It's like an old Italian butcher - but without the pork! Seriously, this place is a gem. Even if pork is your thing, you'll appreciate the quality of the meats [poultry and otherwise]. We went and had a couple of steaks cut up - they looked like they were from the Flintstones. And juicy to boot. Its quiet exterior adds to the charm. And since the surrounding non-Muslim community buys from here, you know it's good. Because though I am Muslim, many halal meat markets are reminiscent of the "overseas experience" with foul stenches and second-grade meats. Quetta is A #1.Excellent customer service, check with them to see when the best time to come in to get the cuts you want because can be out of them late in the day.The meat is very fresh.  Another thing that's important for me is cleanliness and this place is the cleanest meat market I've ever been in and the fact that it's halal -most definitely makes this place a 10!This place is awesome, they have cheesesteak meat that's phillys best kept secret.This place is frustrating. It's close and small/independent, so I want to like it. But how many times can you walk in and have them out of what you're looking for? This has happened to me three out of the last five or six times I've been in there, and it gets a little irritating. 
Their meat is decent. Not great, not terrible, but decent. Their strip steaks and lamb loin chips are always decidedly on the tough side, which is always frustrating. Their filet mignons are amazing and highly recommended. 
The $15 credit card minimum is also a little annoying. I know that small businesses tend to do it, but it violates the agreement they have with the cards so they technically shouldn't be doing it. I don't mind paying cash for a small order, but i like to have the flexibility - this sign that goes right next to the "$5 for whining" sign is supposed to be cute, but it doesn't come off that way. They're pretty friendly dudes too, so the whole experience is a bit conflicting.Can't beat this place. If I didn't live around the corner, I would def travel across town for it. Guys do a top job and are always friendly. Love it. Quality meets and quality prices.Called a day before to see they had goat and told me it would come tomorrow. I go there the next day and not only I came from far away and had to wait for people ahead of me, that they did not have the goat because they have to cut it up and they do it in the evening with a smirk grin. 
The place is very dirty, old, and the the clerk was very rude. For better prices and quality meats, just go to the reading terminal, not this crappy butcher in a remote location. Stay away.We are mid-western steak snobs and until we went to this place we found every single place in Philadelphia sadly lacking. This place is only exception! 
Trader Joe's steak was disgusting, DiBruno brothers steak was ok but not worth the price. This place is 100% the real deal! You can get quality meat cut to order. We got an enormous bone in prime rib for $10 a pound! Their incredibly tasty filet is $15 a pound. When cooked up at home this was incredibly tasty and fresh with an excellent meaty flavor! 
When you eat a cut like filet the quality matters a lot because you eat it so rare. This meat is of excellent quality and I would not hesitate to even make a steak tartare from their products. They are also practicing excellence social distancing techniques, only two people at a time are allowed in the store.
In short we could not recommend this place more highly and we intend to go back every single week!This place exploits Muslims. It wasn't just the extremely over priced meats that upset me( i am also taking into consideration that it is organic and free range ) but also the way how they interacted with customers, those Muslim and non, that had me praying for them. The reason why I stated that it exploits muslims  is that 1) there are no Surahs, Aayah or other words praising/ remembering Allah (Subhanahu Wa Ta'ala) on the wall that is always customary for Muslim owners 2)  the workers are extremely rude, they do not respond to muslim greetings and other Arabic sayings for thank you and good bye. As a muslim when u do  halal business with another Muslim you expect to be respected from another muslim/ owner of a store that sells halal things and this is simply not the case here. The owners of this store are simply just trying to tap in to the growing Muslim market in philadelphia and nothing more.  I pray that Allah (swt) will help them become better people.
Dont go here..it is soo much better to go to Mecca market 20 blocks away at 43 n walnut or the one in germantown....turkey burgers are phe-nom-enalI grew up in a family of sheep farmers, and as a consequence we ate lamb several times a week. My family, like every family I knew, had several deep freezers chock full of various animalia. I didn't realize this was not normal until I left the area.
Now, I live in South Philly, and when I bought my first big deep freezer I felt like I was bringing a little piece of home to my neighbourhood. I've got all kinds of assorteds in there, and when I want to stock up on some well-priced lamb in bulk, I hit up the Quetta Halal market. The quality isn't quite as good as home, but it gets the job done and the price is crazy cheap compared to a supermarket.They have the Best sausage ever!! Place is super clean and they have very fresh products. Glad that it's close enough for me to go whenever I need. I highly recommend it.Knowledgeable and clearly popular- we made the error of coming here towards the end of the day on the night before Eid, these folks were almost entirely cleaned out. We were, though, able to get some lamb and some turkey sausage. The lamb was delectable when we cooked it rare at home the next day, very tender and fresh. Prices are more than reasonable considering how expensive lamb can be at the regular grocery store, if it's available there at all.Review updated 1/18/19: these guys are incredible. Best meat I've ever had. I'm so sorry for misleading the public at large for so long. Please forgive me! Eleven stars! No wait, a BILLION STARS!! 
Old review: This place is frustrating. It's close and small/independent, so I want to like it. But how many times can you walk in and have them out of what you're looking for? This has happened to me three out of the last five or six times I've been in there, and it gets a little irritating. 
Their meat is decent. Not great, not terrible, but decent. Their strip steaks and lamb loin chips are always decidedly on the tough side, which is always frustrating. Their filet mignons are amazing and highly recommended. 
The $15 credit card minimum is also a little annoying. I know that small businesses tend to do it, but it violates the agreement they have with the cards so they technically shouldn't be doing it. I don't mind paying cash for a small order, but i like to have the flexibility - this sign that goes right next to the "$5 for whining" sign is supposed to be cute, but it doesn't come off that way. They're pretty friendly dudes too, so the whole experience is a bit conflicting.Always have fresh meat and affordable prices and the butchers are very nice and will take there time to explain different meats if u ask them....Wal humdu lillahLiving on the other side of the Delaware River in Jersey, really the options to get good meat are not too good. You either drive to far away places or get the meat from places where you really don't wanna go. This place Quetta Halal is just too good. It's very reasonably priced, service is quick, looks hygienic and fresh . Yes it's zabihah Halal, so many deli options as well. The staff is friendly and would cut the meat however you want it. My major thing with the butcher shops is the bad odor around and in the shop but this place has no such problems. I also purchased a pack of beef burger patties and they are superb. I would recommend this place always over the options that are available in the cherry hill area. Obviously due to their location parking could be a problem but it's not too difficult to find street parking.I have been dying to try Quetta since I moved to the neighborhood a few months ago. I stopped in to get some ground lamb and was greeted by a very friendly employee. He sold me 1.5 lbs of recently ground lamb for $5.99/lb. I was thrilled! I took the lamb home and cooked it up. While it was tasty, it was WAY fattier than any lamb I have ever purchased (and I am a frequent purchaser of ground lamb). I have never had to strain so much grease before when browning ground lamb. I will definitely go back to try their other meats, but I wouldn't buy the ground lamb again.It's the best turkey bacon and pastrami ever. I went on a Sunday and it was quiet so I got lucky I guess. I'll be back to try their steaks and other meats as well.I love coming here.  The staff and owners are so friendly and always offer pointers and tips!  I have never been led astray in what to buy when I come here.  I always try to talk to whoever is behind the counter to figure out what fits my needs best for what I want to make and how I want to cook it.  Plus, they always offer suggestions as well, and they know their stuff!!  
It's a small shop, but they have tons of options here, so don't let the small space fool you!
You might have to wait a little (but never too long), because it does get busy at peak hours and the people here are so personable, they make sure they take care of their customers.  I appreciate the fact that I am given ideas and tips, etc. so I don't mind a little wait time if it means I am getting some good face time with my butcher, who is going to point me in the right direction about the food I'm buying.
The quality of the meat here is fantastic!  Plus, its priced really fairly!  The steaks here are probably some of the best I have had since moving to Philly.  The chicken is awesome, and their turkey pastrami...so good!!!!!!!  They also have really good lamb (and these are just a few examples)! Pretty much anything you get will be top notch!  High quality and great service.  Definitely come here if you need a great butcher in the area!This is hands-down my favorite place in the city to get red meat (with Esposito's in the Italian Market as a close second). The quality is top-notch and couldn't be fresher, the prices are more than reasonable, and the team there is friendly and helpful. Even if you don't live in the neighborhood, it's absolutely worth a trip.I've never actually been here, but I've eaten their meat 3 times because my friend eats Halal: steak, lamb chops, and just today, a turkey. The steak was delicious, and both the lamb chops and the turkey were the best I've ever had. Specifically, the turkey was tender and flavorful. I'm very impressed. Thank you for doing a great job.Incredible quality for halal meat. Tried the T bone, NY strip, chicken breaat, mutton, and turkey deli meat and the quality is top. Workers here are proud of their work and happy to help. Pricey but worth it.This place deserves all the praises. Their meat is amazing and reasonably priced. I hear the way the halal cows are raised and how the meat is prepared makes for better taste. All I know is I'm always asked to pick up steak from this specific butcher when visiting family.I was shocked when I first moved to Philadelphia and I saw the generally low quality of meat available in supermarkets (and how much it cost!). But luckily I stumbled upon this gem right next to 2 supermarkets in grad hospital. Its a super small shop that can't really fit many people in it at once, but has very high quality meat for reasonable prices. They even have high quality cheese! The staff is very friendly and helpful as well. The only negative is you have to pay cash if you spend less than $15, but you should definitely get your meat from here if you shop in the area.Love my local butcher, their ground beef brisket makes the best burgersI purchased salami, turkey bacon, beef bacon, beef sausage, 2 lbs of 80/20 ground beef, 5 rib eye steaks and 3lbs of chicken wings. In total I spent around 150 give or take.
The salami seemed lighter than one pound but was delicious. Breakfast meats were also delicious. As for the ribeye I know it's a fattier cut of  meat but honestly on one steak it looked like it was nothing but fat on it and the ground beef I purchased seemed a lot fattier than 80/20 as well. All in all I'll be back for their chicken and for their breakfast meats as well as the cold cuts.Great quality. Much cheaper than grocery stores for organic meats. The butcher was very helpful in giving suggestions on cuts. Definitely will come back!