Good hoagies, which I have never been disapointed with.  It is always busy when I try them and they are very efficient in how the operation works and keep the wait short.  I have tried other locations as well and for a franchise, the standards are met across the board.I don't know what so special about this place. I had classic chicken parm. It was okay, but I had expected something more than ok.Very fresh and tasty but chinsy on the meat (I had the roast beef and cheese primo).  With all the great places to dine in, take out or otherwise satiate your soul with some of the best food on the planet, I will not return here.You get your bang for the buck here at Primo's.  I'm just adding this location so other people know about it.
For a place that's a stone's throw from my place, I really like the subs here (we don't say hoagies in nj).  Beware the lunch hours for your sandwich may be delayed because the hospital is right across the street.  Definitely a place to go to fill your stomach full of hoagie-goodness.  And with good portion sizes too ;)I'm a Lee's Hoagies kinda guy, so no other place will get 5 stars from me.
But I had a great sandwich from Primo's - the "R" special: Genoa Salami, Capicola (called "Coppa" on the west coast, if anybody cares, which I know they don't), and pepper shooters.  The only thing that makes salami and capicola better is pepper shooters.  
Not in love with the sesame seed roll, but it was still a damn good sandwich.  I'll be back to try more hoagies for sure.If you don't like Primo Hoagies, then the terrorists win.I went here last Wednesday and picked up lunch. The place itself is no frills all the way. Plain white walls, sandwich menus, a few seats and some battered wood railing. 
Ordering was fast.  I got an Italian sandwich with chips and a big bottle of water to go. The Italian sandwich had pretty good helpings of all the meats. But the meats themselves weren't that fresh. Not that they were bad, just more like sandwich meat from a store. The roll/bun/bread was also a little on the crunchy/dry side and a little thick. I"m not a big bread fan as a rule. 
Oh yeah, I did order olive shooters after glancing at the menu, only to be told later on that they don't have olive shooters. Hmmm, discrepancy me thinks? 
I'll probably go again for a nice change from the other Center City lunch fare.There are a few culinary difference, aside from Michelin restaurants, between Philadelphia and New York. One in particular is the choice of ham. In the Philadelphia area I find people predominantly use Dietz and Watson (and sometimes Boar's head). In New York it going to be Thumman's. In fact their meats are somewhat of a cultural phenomenon, much to the way the "Forman Mill's" voice is indelibly etched into the soul of every Philadelphian. 
This is the only place to get Thumman's ham. A light, slightly salted ham, that has a pleasant pork taste--and you cannot buy it by the pound. I guess, much in the same way one cannot buy large quantities of Sudafed, Thumman's ham is rationed, in hopes to curb the creation of a more powerful and deadly ham--I jest. Where as other hams are heavier tasting in artificial "meaty" flavors or are overloaded with salt, Thumman's ham is literally a ham perfect for everything.
This particular Primo's tends to run out of seedless rolls. And if you order a plain sandwich (something, judging by the cashier's and sandwich maker's reaction, not everyone does) make sure you say no seasoning. Plain only means no condiments or toppings. "Plain, No Seasoning" means a dry sandwich with no oregano or salt and pepper. 
I don't eat cold cuts much, but in the entire time I have been coming here the staff has always been friendly, and have only messed up my order twice. The gentleman, who is the manager (or owner), when I phoned him to inform him, offered me a free sandwich next time I come in. I have also seen him chase down a guy who got the wrong order 2 blocks, with the correct order in hand. The manager is surely (no pun intended) a cut above the rest. He runs a fun, yet professional shop. And now they are open Sundays. 
The only reason is why this doesn't get 5 stars, is because the South Street has slightly better ambiance (for a sandwich shop) and has slightly better sandwich presentation (again for a sandwich shop). I prefer this place over a Wawa, now if they only sold Thumman's Hot Dogs...First off I need to state that I am a big fan of Primo Hoagies. I like their rolls from Liscio's, they carry above average meats and I've never been unhappy with any of their many franchised locations - until now. Primo Hoagies are not the best hoagies in our hoagie filled land, but they are always much better than the below average hoagies you get at just about any pizza & steak shop.
With this said, stay away from this location until they get new management or ownership. Their body language is unhappy and miserable before they even ask to take you order - once the employees speak and interact with you, their miserableness becomes confirmed. So that's problem number one.
Problem number two: The Turkey hoagie I ordered sucked. There were only 2 tiny, thin half slices of tomato on the hoagie! So lame! I know the cost of produce is higher than it used to be, but this was ridiculous - felt totally ripped off. There was very little onion and lettuce as well. I asked for oil and vinegar on the hoagie and it wasn't there - it was dry!!  Additionally I ordered roasted long hot peppers, which I believe they charge extra for, however, there was only one small one - but it was decent.
I can't imagine how someone who puts down 150K to 200K to open a Primo unit could operate it so poorly and expect to be successful.
If your in the neighborhood a real good place is Jakes Sandwich Board one block away on 12th street. They're friendly, pleasant, and have a unique selection of excellent hoagies, steaks and such. Also, their rolls are exceptional - I think there from Carangi's in S. Philly.Well I have been ordering big lunch orders for work from 11th & Chestnut's Primo for about 4 years now. And Back in 2010- it was a bit slow to receive- but there has been such great improvement in the last 2 years. The Owner Pat is very friendly, making sure your order is set up correctly and always confirms with me via email my large order. (can be 15-25 hoagies!)  Everyone loves the hoagies- the Italians by far are a favorite of my coworkers. I always get a roast beef- I know there are so many great combos- but the roast beef is always packed full of tender rare meat , that I drool waiting for the delivery each time! The rolls are the best !  My husband and I also order sometimes at home and he, being from Detroit, feels Philly has great food- but the Primos are the best!! 
I have seen improvement in staff under Pat's management and my deliveries are always prompt, all orders perfect with the correct extra and he even labels them for me by name of the worker so i can hand them out faster once received!  Which is a good thing - otherwise some hungry co-workers may eat my arms off before I get to hand them their hoagies! All in all- Love Primos, and Love the service we get from Pat and the gang at 11th & chestnut!Primo on 11th is SO PHILLY-but nice (oxymoron? maybe)!  By so Philly I mean they yell at you if you don't order items from the menu exactly as they're printed and then laugh about how ridiculous Philly is about that.  The girl working the counter was a riot and had my boyfriend and I laughing for a few hours afterwards.  She was great. 
This place has a good sandwich with the highlight definitely being the bread.  No seating area and a $10 min credit card order.  Prices are good.  Vegetarian friendly. No seating.  I'll be back to try out more of the billion sandwiches on their menu.If you're craving a hoagie made from really solid ingredients, Primo's is a great place to go. The bread and meat/cheese quality are always top notch. They offer many sandwich varieties and offer a whole wheat wrap option for those so inclined. I personally love the Diablo hoagies, which are made with spicy meats, cheeses, and spices. 
At this particular Primo's location, the staff has always been friendly and fast. The prices aren't what I would call a steal, but they aren't expensive either. I look at it as paying a little extra for a greater quality of food than your typical hoagie place.Primo hoagies are one of my favorites and a special treat for me when I do get one. I've been coming to this Primo's location for a few years now and a reason why I do is that the folks that work there are really great.  Brooke, one of my favorites - is always pleasant and helpful - I can give the shop a call with my order and sometimes with work (I'm usually running late), I just have to let her know that I'll be just a few minutes late (near their closing time) and she is always nice and tells me to take my time and not to worry:).  I recently found out that I was allergic to certain ingredients found in some breads and I asked if I could check the ingredients to what went into their rolls, but I was in a hurry so Brooke said she'd email it to me and she did - which was really great and also wonderful to see that the ingredients I am allergic to aren't found in their rolls - they don't use high fructose corn syrup, which is also major plus!!!I feel like I've reviewed the Primos in the Rittenhouse area ... and it's delightful.. but I had lunch here today and it was not delightful.
Instead of getting the Italian, which I always get, I decide to branch out and get the Veggie Diablo.  Unfortunately, this sandwich managed to ruin eggplant, broccoli, and roasted long-hots... all things that I love under ordinary circumstances.  Perhaps it was the lack of seasoning (yes, vegetables, like most other foods, require salt).  Perhaps it was what tasted like rancid oil used to fry the eggplant and roast the long-hots.  It's a mystery.  What I do know, is that it was the worst sandwich I've ever eaten.  Ever.  I ended up picking out everything except the provolone, lettuce, tomato, and banana peppers and basically just eating a cheese hoagie.  
Anyway, I'm giving them the four stars on credit based on past awesome experiences with their other hoagies, but I warn you now: don't get the Veggie Diablo from this place.  In fact, don't get anything that includes eggplant, roasted long-hots, or broccoli rabe.I have been coming to this location for years and was very excited that they are now open daily until 7pm (I work nearby). I got a text alert from Primo and saw a sign advertising their new hours. I just ran to order a sandwich at 6:50 and they had shut off the lights and were cleaning. When I asked if I could order, they said no, they were done for the day. Ultimate pet peeve when it comes to businesses: honor your advertised hours!Tuna hoagie fell apart as soon as I unwrapped it. The tuna was dry and tasted a little "old".Hoagie was garbage compared to the other locations. Lunch meat and veggies were cut super thick. Couldn't finish it. Will never return.I love all Primo's , however, this store is a shame to the others. I ordered a turkey diablo to take home with me yesterday and when i opened it, there was barely any lettuce or onions, and I couldn't even taste the pepperjack cheese. There was half as much turkey as i get on the same sandwich at other Primos. Real disappointment.Last time I went the bread was not good and the cashier was unpleasant.  Not the biggest deal in the world, but when there are so many awesome sandwich shops in the city with better food and better service, why bother with one that doesn't?When I go to a Primo Hoagies I expect a certain level of quality no matter which Franchise I visit. The one I frequent in New Jersey never lets me down. Unfortunately I can't say the same about this one. Bread wasn't stale, but was nowhere near fresh either, and that's a big no no. There's no way that the Roll I had was delivered the same day the Hoagie was made. Won't be visiting this one anymore....I'm not much of a sandwich person, but my bf is. In fact, I think hoagies are his all-time favorite food ever. I kept telling him he had to try Primo Hoagies out since all of the Yelp reviews made it sound like his version of heaven, but because of their hours he didn't get a chance until one recent weekend. We were out doing errands and he started to get hungry, so I mentioned we were near a Primo's and he could finally try them out.
Our first visit (because by now he's been back three times in a two week period) he got their Primo sized Old Italian with oil but no mayo. After the first bite though he realized that he needed some mayo because dear lord do they give you MEAT! These sandwiches are NOT stingy, even a small would be slightly too big for me (but you should never order a small - that roll looks so pathetic compared to the other type you can only get in a Primo size). He managed to consume the entire thing, but most people would probably have half now and half later (which ends up being a fantastic deal at a little over $7).
Now, he wasn't as into the Old Italian as all the other reviewers, but he wanted to give Primo's another shot and ordered the Italian Diablo on his second visit. I'm pretty sure that sandwich is now his official favorite of all time (he got it on his third visit, too). He can't stop talking about how fantastic they are: the bread is crusty on the outside but soft on the inside and so flavorful, and he loves the quality meats and cheeses, the combinations they offer, and the amount they put on each roll. He thinks so highly of Primo's now that he wants to bring his dad one to try because they both LOVE hoagies, and this is now his official best hoagie he has ever had from any place EVER. In fact, I'm starting to become slightly concerned that his affections are being redirected towards Primo's and their hoagies because he can't stop thinking about them and craving them at all hours of the day.This place does not get any stars from me...
I visited Primo's today for lunch along with a co-worker... We were unable to enjoy our hoagies due to the bread being so hard that we could not even bite into it... I had to take the meat and the rest of the ingredients out and throw the bread away... I didn't even want to eat the other half of my hoagie.  I have eaten at this particular location on many occasions and my bread has never been hard.  When I called the store, the young lady told me that there was nothing she could about it, all the bread had just come out of the oven so all of it was hard.  If the bread had just come out of the oven it would not have been hard not unless it was burned and over cooked.  Needless to say I will not be eating from here again.. 
This was very disheartening, because I love Primo HoagiesIn a city known for its hoagies, Primo's is tops. I look forward to every trip I make to Philly just so I can get a Primo's hoagie.
I almost always get the same sandwich:  a sharp italian. It is absolutely delicious. Just thinking about it makes my mouth water. Why can't they make them like that here in NYC???
The sandwiches at the branches on S11th st and on Chestnut st are equally good, but I prefer the S 11th st branch because the folks working the counter there are nicer (sometimes there's a little bit of attitude at the Chestnut branch) and the wait for your sandwich is almost always shorter.Great primo's location. Super friendly staff. I ordered a hoagie platter last minute for a weekend away with friends and they were more than accommodating.Maybe it's because I ordered on a Sunday, but....the sandwich was not good. 3 stars due to previous experiences with this location. I ordered my usual: tuna diablo with a little oil and mayo, and hot+sweet peppers on the side. I think the order taker was new, because I had to repeat my order 3 times after she kept repeating it back to me incorrectly. The roll tasted stale, and I had to search to find the oil or mayo. I was not happy after spending close to $9 for a sandwich. I didn't bother to ask for it to be cut in half because that detail of my order is always hit or miss for me at this location. Order during the week when they are fully staffed-their sandwiches are usually really good.This was a pretty nice hoagie place. The bread wasn't particularly to my preference because of the texture and it was a bit too dry.
The sandwich itself was pretty good. Loaded with fresh meats and veggies. It was enjoyable, but not remarkable. 
The service itself was pretty dry and unwelcoming. No greeting and kinda just walks over and stares at you till you say something.
Overall the food was ok, but doesn't feel like a 9 dollar sub.On a desperate quest to find the "best" hoagie in Philadelphia, Primo's kept coming up, so I had to try it.  Their menu is rather large with different permutations of Italian meats, turkey, roast beef, and roast pork.  They even have a small "meatless" hoagie section that includes a tuna hoagie...
A 10" Primo-zized hoagie will cost you about $7+.  For that I'd expect some blow-your-mind hoagie.  Not so.  I thought I'd try the standard Italian hoagie to get a baseline and a Suprimo (Fresh Mozz, Sopressata, and roasted red peppers), both "diablo" style.  Now with a name like diablo, you'd expect some spice, but sadly it was less spicy than a banana pepper.  The meat and bread quality was ok, but nothing to get all excited about.  You can get that quality of meat almost anywhere in Philly.  The hoagie got a lot better when I went home and added oregano, actual hot peppers, and more than one slice of tomato, but if I'm going to do that, I may as well make the whole thing at home.
I also ordered an extra topping of broccoli rabe on the side.  You'd think a small add on like that wouldn't be too much, but they charged  $1.50 for a tablespoon of broccoli rabe that tasted like it was canned.
Primo's is severely overrated and not worth the cost.  If you want serious bang for the buck try Fresh Grocer at 41st and Walnut.  They put 1lb+ of meat on a 12" roll for $5-6.  The meat is just as good and you'll have enough left over to make 2 more hoagies when you get home.  If you can't get there, Wawa is a decent alternative to Primos (and half the price).
Pros:  Meat selection
Cons: Cost, toppings, extras, hoursI haven't had primo's in over a year because I just wasn't feeling it. I went today because I was in the mood for a hoagie and figured I'd give them another try. I ordered the mild Italian. It was delicious! Packed full of meat, nice fresh seeded roll and the staff was super nice. Will definitely go back!I effing love Primo Hoagies! I used to work at the Keswick Primo, but I frequent this one a lot, too. I always get either the Turkey Diablo or the Meatball. Both are effing awesome! Only issue I have with them is that they keep weird hours.I'm from Philly and currently live in NYC.  Whenever I come back to visit, I always fit a Primo's sandwich into my very long list of Philly foods that I need to have.  This location, however, is the worst.  I hate to give it a bad review because I'm such a fan of this business overall.  Last time I was in town my sandwich wasn't up to standards from here but I decided to give it another shot this weekend, since this location was close to my hotel and it's open on Sundays.  My friend and I called in our order, well in advance of our train.  They told us 30 minutes.  We showed up in 40, but the sandwiches still weren't done.  To their credit, they hurried and had them done in a few more minutes.  We told the guys we were going in different directions, and asked which was the Italian and which was the turkey.  They confidently informed us which was which.  I got on the train back to NYC and opened my turkey sandwich only to discover it was my friend's spicy Italian.  I don't eat those meats, so I gave it to a homeless man in Trenton.  I'm sure he was happy.  And it's not the end of the world, but come on guys, you have one job...Great rolls, solid deli cuts, and the menu make this place a cut above the rest of the hoagie places I've tried. The service is pretty good at this location - friendly, reasonably quick (considering they often have to take large orders for the hospital staff and other businesses nearby). A good lunch spot.I've never been disappointed by a primo's hoagie. Personally, I love the Bada Bing (chicken cutlet with aged provolone and broccoli rabe, yum!). The owner here is particularly friendly as well.For the love of god, Primo makes the best hoagies. Period. I'm surprised Wawa doesn't have a picture of the Diablo hanging in every one of their delis as inspiration. I've had probably 10 different hoagies on the menu from the traditional Italian styles like the Giada and the hot roast pork with broccoli rabe to the turkey schwartzie and I have yet to be disappointed (though my DNA prefers the more Italian ones.)
Looking at the giant sized Sarcone's seeded roll you'd never think to order the large, but do it. Primo's sandwiches age well. Even those dressed with oil and vinegar hold up over time because there's nothing getting through that crusty bread. They're like delicious, fresh baked, kevlar torpedos, but soft and full of flavor on the inside. This is a real hoagiefest. 
The only reason Primo doesn't get 5 stars is because they aren't open nearly enough. Namely Sundays. Namely for FOOTBALL. I'm pretty sure they aren't Orthodox or Mormon so what gives? Also, I live in West Philly where there is not one Primos at all, so that leaves only Saturdays and even then I think they're only open until noon so I practically have to plan my whole day around The Hot Italian. (Ironically, I think my boyfriend just said the same thing about me the other day, heyooooo!)Super fresh and super tasty hoagies! Totally hit the spot after a day full of walking and exploring Philadelphia.I love Primo's.  I pretty much always get the Italian because its sooo good, but a lot of the other sandwiches look delicious as well.  The sesame seed roll is perfect, the meats and cheeses are cut super thin, and the veggies are fresh.  Can't go wrong ordering a hoagie from here.I ordered a hoagie through ubereats. They accepted my order and 20 minutes later cancelled the order. I ordered just an Italian hoagie, nothing special, over an hour before they closed. Restaurants can mark individual items unavailable in the app if they run out of something. I'm not sure what the issue was but don't offer things you cannot provide.I love myself a good hoagie.  Sometimes I come to Primo on 11th Street.  I tend to get the Diablos because I like spicy.  One time I had high hopes for the Turkey Schwartzie.  Turns out my hopes should have been lower.  I mean, it was good -- just not as great as it sounded.
The bread though... the bread is good stuff.  No, it's delicious.  Sesame seeds.  Need I say more?  Regardless, I will.  Sesame seeds make any good roll great.  However, if the roof of your mouth is sensitive to foods, these rolls are a bit rough and tough... that is to say, delicious.
Get yourself the Primo-sized hoagie.  I finish them, but for many you can save half for later.
There's no place to sit inside.  So (at least in warmer weather) I like to take the hoagie a short walk to the Jefferson Medical College square between Walnut and Locust.  You can sit and people-watch in the nice surroundings.
I'm only giving Primo's 4-stars because they are overpriced.  Yes, good quality meats and bread costs money... but I feel they rely a bit too much on their name to charge more than the hoagies are worth.  They also close a bit too early for me.The manager Mike at the 11th street location was awesome and made my experience delightful.I used to swear by this place but in recent years the quality has really gone downhill.  My sandwiches are always soggy.  My go-tos are the nona's veggie with the works, the american with the works and the turkey schwartzie (with the works, of course). The people who work here are really friendly.I've been in here a couple of times. Both times in the evening, tonight at 5pm and once at 7pm. The hoagies are decent, but the service was really bad from different employees each time. Like almost aggressively bad. I liked the food, but it's not worth feeling like I'm pissing someone off just by coming in. I always give a tip, but I just can't when the person is rude. Overall not worth the attitude. (Actually, the guy that handed me the sandwich was nice enough. Just the counter people that are rude.)Excellent subs, eh, I mean hoagies.  But about a month ago they stuck up a "closed for renovations" sign up without warning but have not reopened or started to remodel.  I suspect they failed a health inspection and, rather face the indignity of being temporarily closed by the health department, closed voluntarily.Bottom line, go to Cleavers if you're looking for a fantastic chicken parm within walking distance in Center City.
***
The few times I've been to this location, the woman working the counter has been incredibly friendly and accommodating. On this particular visit, which will be my last, she actually kept my order from being forgotten by the two animated gentleman shouting at each other in the kitchen.
I ordered a chicken parm sandwich against my better judgement, because while I've had their hoagies before, I was curious about the quality of their hot sandwiches. As an amateur chicken parm enthusiast, I've been on a quest to discover the best this city has to offer...
...and as I watched the breaded chicken go into the convection oven, I knew I had made a terrible, terrible mistake. 
While waiting for the chicken, I watched one of the workers gesticulate with my empty roll, ranting emphatically, using it as a prop in his bout of lunch-time theater. He slams it to the table. He picks it up again. My chicken emerges from the convection oven in his gloved hand, and he whisks both it and the roll away to a location I can't see.
Moments later my sandwich emerges.
When I unwrapped it at my desk a few minutes later, it was exactly as I expected: sloppily constructed--there was provolone cheese pouring out of the top of the roll, as though it had simply been laid on top, congealed and speckled with copious amounts of oregano.
With a great lack of excitement, I ate the sandwich--it wasn't much better than a chicken parm you'd get from Wawa, save for the seeded Liscio's roll.Ordered my standard italian hoagie online for pick up. It was not ready when I got there because they ran out of wheat rolls so I had to wait. I thought that Primos used hard seeded rolls but I was disappointed to see that they used a pretty run-of-the-mill roll. My sandwich was poorly piled and was super sloppy to eat. I can look past these things because I am truly a huge fan of Primos. Hopefully someone different makes my hoagie next time.Primo makes such delicious hoagies. However, the service in this place is horrendous because of the one cashier they have. She is so rude and trashy, and I have seen her get an order wrong pretty much every time I have been there. I wish they would fire her, so I could get hoagies there again, because as of right now, the thought of dealing with her keeps me from going back.Visiting my home town Philly, so glad my brother recommended this place. The bread was fresh and every ingredient that went into their hoagie was perfection. Take it from a person that was born and raised in Philadelphia this is one stop you shouldn't miss if you want a taste of Philly !!!Is it the bread? Is it the toppings? It is the meat? I can't tell what makes Primo's so special, but its really a treat. Did I try to rhyme on purpose just now?? We'll never know, but back to the review...
Primo used to be notoriously slow a while back. I mean wait 30-40 min for a cold sandwich type deal. I don't know who or what changed, but its drastically improved. Most I've ever waited now is maybe 8-10 min eve during a rush period. Kudos there. 
This particular location is small and there might be two small tables available at any given point, but no big deal. Most ppl order takeout here anyway.
I tried the Turkey Diablo today which came with every item hot under the sun with spicy cheese as well. I thought it would be "hot hot", but surprisingly it wasn't. I'm not complaining. I prefer my food spicy, but doable to eat comfortably. I absolutely love their bread. Its very thick, flavorful, and they never overdo it on the oil. Who wants a soggy hoagie? 
Not me. 
There's just the right amount of bread-to meat/toppings ratio so that one isn't overpowering the other too much. 
A half size is enough to fill you up, but if you get a full Primo you could surely split it with someone else and save a little.These assclowns say you can place an order till 845 . I place an order at 825 .  My card gets charged and then then the delivery guy / door dash says they won't make my order . I call the 1st time and they hang up on you .., 2nd time .. someone picks up but does not answer my hello . 3rd time they let it go to voicemail and it says mailbox full. Don't order from these clowns .. Fkin lazy and don't want to work..  ! And they make the delivery person call and not Asshole that didn't want to do it / More like Primo Jerkoffs !!Nice quick hoagies. Great bread and menu selection.Boo Primo subs, boo.  
Screwing regular customers for Uber Eats (corporate policy!) is f*cking stupid on so many levels.Ordered my food two hours and fifteen minutes ago and I still do not have my food. This will be the last time I order delivery from here. I don't to give them any stars.  I called restaurant through customer support and they told them the driver left five minutes ago. That's was at 1:30pm. Very disappointed! Food is still not here and it's 2:20pm now.One of the perks about finally working in the city again is the opportunity for better lunch options than the fast food desert I used to suffer through. One of the highlights is being near a Primo's, and their huge menu of sandwiches.
They definitely make a quality Philly hoagie, worlds better than most sandwich chains. There's a giant menu board with a wide variety of choices, and plenty of topping options. My go-to so far has been the Buffalo Cutlet, because I'm a sucker for hot sauce and bleu cheese, or the Turkey Schwartzie.
Chains do come with a price though. The chicken cutlets taste like a standard frozen chicken finger, and the hot sauce is similarly generic. The cole slaw on the schartzie has the same problem. It's not bad per se, just nothing special. On the other hand, Thumann's meats and Liscio rolls keeps things somewhat local.
Still, of my hoagie options for lunch, Primo's stands above the rest.This was an emergency lunch. Of course there wasn't any parking as it's center city! There is a passenger loading zone where you can park and run in. I suggest you call ahead.  Around lunch time be prepared to be placed on hold a few times.  The person who took my order was cordial. 
I got the crusher; the smallest size and oh boy it was small. For almost $8 I expected more. It was about half of a regular hoagie. Smh my order took about 20 minutes.
When I finally got my sandwich, i left,  sat in the car and  I ripped open the package. To my surprise, nothing I asked for was on the sandwich! The horror!!  I asked for extra mayo, no extra mayo, no oil, crushed pepper seeds. I received the end of a tomato.  I was hungry so I ate it. Very disappointed.  I won't be going back.Awesome grinders! Every time I come into Philly for business I make sure to get lunch here! The ordering on line is very easy and the delivery is always early. 
Thanks for a great taste that I can't get in AZ.Placed an order today for delivery. When my order arrived HALF of my items were missing, yet I was charged for them. I then Called the 11th Street location and requested that the missing items be delivered to me. I spoke to an associate who confirmed the items would be delivered. That was 4 hours ago. I'm not psychic but I have a feeling my order isn't coming. And again I was charged in full! Now I have to deal with this. I'm Beyond pissed, annoyed and frustrated. Why can't people just do things correctly? Ugh.I love Primo's Market East on 11th Street.  They have free delivery and about the nicest staff ever.  The owner Pat is on the phone taking orders right along with the staff.  Pat jumped in to help me with a last minute order, when nobody else would!  I love the Primo Italian Hoagie - the bread is outstanding!  My other favorite is the Veggie Diablo made with eggplant - it is absolutely delicious.  If you want a really good hoagie and want really great customer service this is the Primo's to call.  There may be other close, but 11th Street is the best!Big mistake going in for a quick bite.  We hadn't yet gotten our Philly cheesesteaks, so we figured we'd try theirs in case time got away from us and we didn't get a chance to go to our preferred cheesesteak place...Unfortunately service was incredibly slow.  And the cheesesteaks were terrible.  No flavor. Nowhere near enough meat cheese or onion in relation to their bread.  We all had the cheesesteaks...so I can't speak to their other sandwiches.  And it was a mistake to order a cheese steak at any place that wasn't a real cheesesteak place, but c'mon if you are in Philly and dare to have one on your menu...it better be good. Our quick bite turned into a long and irritating stop.On spur of the moment I wanted to order my three grandchildren in Philly some sandwiches and cookies on Christmas Eve. I live in Florida!  I got the sweetest girl on the phone and she had everything at their apartment within an hour. The kiddos loved it. They said everything was delicious.   I highly recommend this customer oriented business. Merry ChrristmasOrdered take out online and was very pleased with the taste and portions.  The Italian hoagie was excellent.Shout out to Primo's for providing a great catering service to Trader Joe's this week. I haven't had a good hoagie in a while and Primo's was the perfect relapse.
I had several small portions of their italian and turkey sandwiches and they tasted delicious. The sesame bread may have been the best part, but the entire sub had an extraordinary amount of flavor and seasoning from the meats and veggies. 
I'll definitely have to consider going to Primo's again in the future to experience the hoagies in their natural state. As it stands now, I am entirely satisfied.The absolute WORST customer service I've ever encountered when trying to place an order. Attempted calling to order a tray for my colleagues and I and was put on hold for 12 minutes. Tried calling back several times and there is NO proper greeting. They answer the phone and quickly say Primo Hoagies, please hold EACH TIME! I had to call another location (Ritner St) which was a COMPLETE different experience. I DO NOT RECOMMEND ORDERING FROM THIS LOCATION. Ever. Upper management needs to train their employees on customer service.No, no, no. To preface, my husband is a big-time hoagie-loving guy. I'm well, down with a good hoagie (but really it's a sub). When we lived in Old City we got some sammies to-go a couple of times. That is, until there sandwich made me really sick and I banned it. To boot the pasta salad is gross. They rarely get your order right. The best part was the live entertainment the employees provided by yelling at each other while I was waiting in line. No. Nope. Not a fan. Sorry.The new owners just took over within the past couple months and the place was hopping!  Looks great with new flooring and paint.  Cashiers were really friendly and helpful in spite of the crowd. The place was packed but the line really moved fast so the wait wasn't long. Had a tuna delight and it was really yummy!  Will definitely go back!This Primo Hoagies is the worst store. I ordered from them through Grubhub and my order was incorrect. I called them to see if I could get it corrected and was told I need to deal with Grubhub and there was nothing they could do. The manager refused to speak with me and the lady on the phone was extremely rude.First of all; the service is mediocre at best.  They also do NOT have restrooms for guests who choose to eat inside. The hoagies are just ok. With the lack of service and accessibility, literally go anywhere else. There are so many hoagie shops in the city where you can get better food, at a better price, with better service.Ordered a bunch of food for the morning of our wedding while everyone was getting ready. Unfortunately the food arrived late but the manager called me to apologize for the inconvenience. He refunded me for the whole order. Very good experience and the food was delicious.i love the girls at the front counter. they double check your order when you place it and make sure you get everything at the end. i'm giving 4 stars only because every time i order there's something g slightly wrong with the sandwich. like tomatoes or oregano when i request for none.I tried their Hoagie with chicken tenders, mozzarella and red pepper...delicious! 
I start salivating only thinking about it. I understand why my local colleagues brag so much about it. This is indeed a pleasant discovery,I'm all about rewards and unfortunately this location does not participate in the rewards program.  I have to subtract a star for that.  I now go to the South Street location which does honor the rewards program...Growing up, my nonno taught me that when you made an "Italian" sandwich, it had to be done a certain way. I've been all over Philly for hoagies, but Primo's is the only one that matches what my nonno told me. Every sandwich and add on you can get here is fantastic, best of the best. What's more is that they understand prosciutto is important in a hoagie and incorporate it into many of their options. Primo's is a true Philly legend and definitely a place everyone should try if they're in town.The food from primos is normally great as is the service.  Unfortunately this branch has hired a completely lazy, clueless, dishonest delivery guy who says he is in the lobby while he sits in his van.  I assume he hopes after waiting 10-15 minutes you will go looking in parked vans for some dude with your food.  
 Finally after walking over to 2 other condo lobbies with no shoes on, looking for this idiot and getting back to my place I call him again.  When I call him out for never being in the lobby he lies to me, not knowing my place has a door person on duty who, when asked, has never seen him(Hello don't you think I did this first?).  
Asking where he could possibly be, and getting the sitting in the van answer, I ask him to bring it up to my condo.  He then asks me what floor.  When I ask him why that matters, he said he is afraid to get a parking ticket and tha't's why he didn't leave his van and ever go into the lobby.
Dude you are a f@cking delivery guy.  You have to park your f@cking car, get out, and "DELIVER" the food.  Perhaps you should look for a job that doesn't involve parking or delivery.
Morale - If you are in a business that requires hiring delivery guys, you need to put on the application: "Are you willing to park your car and deliver items".
The world is truly going to hell and a handbasket....The menu is huge and I was a bit stunned by what they offered. I've tried Primo Hoagies a few times and I would say they definitely fill you up at a great price. I could easily come here everyday to get a full meal if I really wanted to do that to myself. The Italian and the Roast Beef with Turkey. They were delicious and came quick. One time I even asked for the biggest sandwich that would fill me up and got an honest and funny answer. That meal did not disappoint either. Check out the menu! There is a $10 minimum for debit/credit cards, but sometimes they enforce it and sometimes they don't. 
TL;DR: Awesome price, tasty food, will definitely fill you up, quick service, closes at 6 pm.Always good. Reliable. Tasty.  I think Primo is the best hoagie shop around Philadelphia. The bread is great. I always have a hard time deciding which sandwich to get.
I like the Turkey Breast Sandwich, Pescara, Nonna Veggie, Cheese,and Old fashioned Meatball.
Service is fast, considering it is a busy location.
This location is take out only.Huge sub in the primo size.  Had the turkey with Cole slaw and thousand island dressing.  Delicious. Next time I'll have to split it with a friend.Seriously some of the best hoagies in town. Takes credit card. No seating inside this location, so grab it and eat in the park or at home. The turkey diablo is straight up one of the most delicious cold sandwiches I have ever eaten. The turkey is so moist and succulent, and the bread is amazing. All the diablos have a nice pepper sauce, adding a nice kick.Good, but potentially not worth all the hype.I am not a sandwich fan at all. It probably my last choice of meal to be honest. But if I get sandwich craving really once in awhile, I go to this place. 
One you get there friendly Italian guys welcome you and get the order promptly. And your hoagie is ready to eat in 5 min. Their hoagie is gigantic. I get really full after finishing it. I got cold turkey and meatball once. I really liked meatball marinara. Wasn't too soggy but they just had enough marinara to covered the bread. Yum. And their meatballs were delicious! I don't go there often enough but for my next visit, I am getting my meal all sub again. Super satisfying.Forget Quiznos, Subway, WAWA...this is "THE PLACE" for the best hoagie place in the Tri State. I love their Tuna Diablo. My co-workers got me addicted to Primos and I can't stop. I would go to the Primos when I am working in Newark and I would go to the Primos on 20th and Chestnut when I am in Philadelphia. Vegetarian folks no fear...there have hoagies for you too.3.5/5. As a chain, I must say their hoagies are pretty decent quality. They're made with sesame buns and each comes with the usual (lettuce n tomatoes). Make sure to get oil n mayo on them sandwiches! 
In order from personal best:
1) Turkey Diablo
2) Italian
3) Nelli
The Nelli was a little dry. The Diablo has a nice bite to it because of the added red pepper flakes. Yum!
Haven't tried too many hoagies to give an accurate comparison but I'll say that it's a quality sub, I just wish that the condiments were more evenly contained in the core of the sandwich rather than having the mass of meat sitting on the bottom 2/3 and the veggies on the upper 1/3 of the sandwich.We got antsy sitting home during the snow/rain storm so we decided to brave the conditions and run some errands around Center City.  We stopped by the post-office and made a decision to pick up lunch at Primo Hoagies...
Food: 4.0 stars
The bread is delicious (soft but still substantial).  The meat quantity is generous.  I got the AUDIABLO (turkey and roast beef combo with the spicy spread) which was a great sandwich.  My fiance got the CLASSIC ITALIAN which she enjoyed as well.  If you like spicy sandwiches, definitely give the Diablo Board a try.
Service: 3.5 stars
Sandwiches are made promptly and with care.  Definitely a family driven business.
Location: 3.5 stars
Chestnut between 20th and 21st
Ambiance: 2.5 stars
A very simple sandwich shop that unfortunately doesn't have a place to sit and eat.  You have no choice but to get the sandwiches to go.
Price: 3.5 stars
Sandwiches for two people run $7-10 per person.
Overall: 3.0 stars
I wish that Primo's offered some seating.  In a snow-storm, we had to hold on to the sandwiches as we finished our errands before we got home to finally eat.  The sandwiches are delicious but don't really offer anything unique that you cant find at another sandwich shop (for an example of a more unique take on a sandwich-- See Jake's Sandwich Board).  I enjoy Primo Hoagies but don't feel the need to actively seek out a sandwich on a regular basis.
Bonus: They deliver and cater... A nice extra touchFound out about Primo while doing my quick search for good places to go for lunch. Quick service, cheap, and good hoagies -- what more is there to know? 
I got the italian hoagie and you can pinpoint San flavor in the hoagie. The portion size is huge for the regular size so you don't have to worry about satisfying your stomach. When I was in there if seemed like half of them were regulars and that's a good sign to me.OMG If they ever want to open a group of these in Portland OR, count me IN! 
Visiting from the W Coast we were introduced to the location near City Hall. The smell alone tells you it's going to be good.  Ordered a classic. The bread is what all Hoagie/Sub bread should be-like a beautiful baguette; fresh, crisp, flavorful.  Meats flavorful, the peppers and veggies delish, and the combination wonderful.  This is real food, at a reasonable price.  We went back the next day to get sandwiches for on the plane - and yes, folks around us were sniffing and looking!
Brownies were very good, too!  
No seating at this location, but the catering trays we saw go out the door looked good.Grabbed an Italian with my 6 year old daughter and explained how it was a legacy hoagie that I was passing down to her and someday her 2 year old brother! This place makes the best Italian in the world! Never disappointed and I marvel at the consistency of the food and service.Primo Hoagies (pronounced = heau-gheez) delivers a consistently good sandwich using quality ingredients at a very reasonable price. You're not going to get a lettuce and tomato sandwich with a couple of slices of meat and cheese thrown in as an afterthought. Its a real deal sandwich.Really delicious sandwiches. Elements of success:
1) Good crusty bread
2) shredded lettuce and tomato
3) thinly sliced deli meat, plenty of it
4) special oregano based seasoning on the meat - I feel like this is one of the really distinctive parts
5) flavorful cheese
6) I like my sandwiches "dry" but you can get mayo and or dressing
Now I only wish that it was open more...I feel like whenever I walk by, especially on the weekends, it's closed. On that note - can someone who knows, post the hours of operations? It's not on their website...Primo is the name of an amazing SF dj.  These sandwiches do not live up to his musical awesomeness.  Granted, I only got the Nonna's Veggie.  The first time I thought hmmm, maybe this would work if it were heated up and had sauce.  Then I got it warmed up with sauce.  1.  It only took 20 minutes!  To get a sandwich.  Are you kidding me?  2.  It wasn't any better.  3.  It cost $8.  $8.  For a vegetarian sandwich.  I am so sticking to the lunch trucks from now on.  This place is suckville, USA.Wow, now this is a good sandwich. Everyone says to get the Turkey Diablo, but I went all in and got the Big T Diablo. Delicious .. right amount of spices .. and freaking huge. Loved it!My first time here: good sharp Italian hoagie.  Had a good amount of meat on it though I don't think I'd call it "massive" or "amazing."  Will try again.Usually I love Primos!  The hoagie I got today, however, was just alright. I'm subtracting stars for the service!  The delivery driver called and insinuated that it would be MY fault if she got a parking ticket since she couldn't find any parking. As I was alone in my office at the time, there was no way I could leave to go downstairs.  Even if I could have, I paid $3 for delivery.   She said she'd have to come back later.  I said that was fine and she hung up. When she did arrive about ten minutes later, she basically threw my food on my desk and left.  I won't be ordering delivery again, that's for sure, but I will go back to other locations for the food!YOOOWZA!
I accidental ordered the biggest freaking sandwich known to man. And ate half of it. At lunch.
Tuna Diablo. Spicy Italian style tuna love on some awesome bread. Served up fast, fresh, and by one hot little order taker if I do say so. This was a sandwich for a family of 4. I shared some of it with my fiancee that night and still have soooo much sandwich left in the fridge. 
Quantity + Quality = Happy Joshi'm torn.  on the one hand, the hunking sandwich of delicious meat was perfectly moist, flavored, and, well, delicious.  on the other hand, ordering the $6 sandwich on the basis that that seemed like the right price for the amount of food i wanted yielded a sandwich far, far larger than i could hope to finish.  maybe it's that sense of inadequacy that forces me to cap my rating at four stars...Thanks you, Primos, for satisfying my craving for a simple yet solid chicken cutlet/fress mozz sandwich. The italian sesame bread was divine, the cutlet was perfectly breaded, and it made my afternoon.good in 'nd out spot for a hoagie, i usually never know what to get unlike most other people that comes in, so take a minute to order and they are pretty nice about it. not much room to stand when is busy and lots of people waiting around.HUGE ass hoagie!!!!  It must have weighed 3 lbs. I ordered the smoked turkey with provolone.  I'd prefer it on something other than a sesame seed roll, but I would definitely eat it again, regardless. Overall, it was a very tasty sandwich, the meats and special seasoning they add was good.   It was about $7.50 for the sandwich and $1.00 for a drink.  My list of GOOD, cheap eats in the city has just gained a new member.Hands down the best hoagies in the area. 
Some of my favorites:
- Pilgrim  (during the fall) - turkey, cranberries, stuffing, and gravy - amazing sandwich, but a bit high on the gravy
- Turkey Diablo - slightly spicy
- Chicken parm
- Nonna's veggie
- Turkey schwartzie
I like that you can chose a sandwich that is more on the healthy side, or just go for it. The bread is phenomenal and really makes or breaks a good hoagie. The meat and topping are fresh and ample.
The small is a great lunch sized portion, and the "primo" size is definitely more for dinner or for splitting. The largest size is the size of two primos and is huge! Great for sharing with 3-5 people.
Their side dishes are also amazing. The dirt puding, rice pudding, and selection of meats and cheeses are all great.
Cons:
- Not open on Sundays or at night, so you have to get there early!
- Sometimes they forget to cut the sandwich....so depending on how messy it is, this makes it difficult to eat in the park. Not a huge deal though.
- Small store, so no place to sit and can get crowdedI have never ever been to any other Primo's other than the one on Chestnut and 21st...so I can't tell you whether this is a chain-wide deliciousness.  As for this one, the sandwiches are friggin' awesome when you have that "I want to feel my heart telling me to stop eating so much meat" feeling.  My personal favorite is the chicken parm., but I also love getting chicken cutlet with mozzarella and spicy peppers.
Don't be intimidated by the lines, they move quickly.  Kind of has the feel of the soup nazi in terms of ordering...try not to be intimidated.  I recommend looking at a menu before you go in though.
Overall for a lunch sandwich when you have a big appetite, this is a can't miss.YOU WILL NOT GO WRONG WITH THE VEGGIE DIABLO.
breaded eggplant goodness, spicy peppers...mmm...greasy delicious goodness. one of the best sandwiches i've ever had!
this place is a get in and get out sort of spot...no chairs no tables. you just order, wait for it to be ready, and pay. no frills, just sandwiches.Usually very good but someone forgot to add cheese to my hoagie - totally disappointed - note, the hoagie is supposed to have cheese.  I called and told them and all the response was "sorry".  Good grief, would it really hurt if you gave me a hoagie at no cost the next time?!Whatever you do, *don't* go here.
I want it all to myself.
... especially the Old Italian hoagie... 
The sharp provolone is mind-blowing, the prosciutto is abundant and of premium quality, and the rolls make Amoroso's look like Wonder Bread.
While I'm waiting for my sandwich, I love watching (and eavesdropping on) the production line.
But seriously, this is my hoagie shop... go find your own.I generally love Primo's.  This one though is hit or miss on the bread.  Sometimes its nice and soft and other times it seems kind of stale and hard.  It's really hard to eat a big hoagie with hard bread.  I would like to try something besides the Italian, but its so hard to say no.Good as all Primos are. This one is corporate owned so they don't participate in Primo rewards. But they said the prices are slightly lower as a result.
I love the quality of Primos hoagies and the flavor of the seasonings and sauces, but it is still just a hoagie and won't blow your mind. 
They seem understaffed because half the time when I call, they ask to call back or half a few minutes hold timeIt almost gets 5 stars.  It's the best chain sub shop I've ever been to, period.  Seeded rolls, fresh, decent prosciutto, quality other lunch meat cuts, delish pepper shooters, and so many others.  TONS of options, fairly decent prices, deli quality food from a chain.
The Old World Italian is like my nonna came to Delaware, ran up to my cubical, and made me one of my all-time favorite sandwiches.  That's it, lunch time.  This location is as good as the other two (Springfield, Claymont) that I tried.Fresh and delicious veggies.
Extremely flavorable meat and cheeses.
Sarcones roll.
NOM NOM NOM!!!!!I placed an order over the phone. The girl I spoke to was very sweet, and she gave me my total over the phone saying it'd be ready in 10-15 minutes. I arrived to Primo's 20 minutes after my order was placed. When I arrived, even though my order was ready, an employee stated he could not accept any payment at the time because he was not able to get into the cash register without the manager/owner, so we were pretty much just waiting on the owner to come back up from the basement. The employee was nice enough to offer me a free drink out of the cooler while I waited so I grabbed a water. 15 minutes later, the man in charge came upstairs and rang up my food. Of course, the man charges me for the water. When I told the man I was given a complimentary drink for the wait, he proceeds to say very rudly "Why? The employee has no authority to do that. Have a good day." He refused to refund me for the bottled water and just brushed me off. It's not the fact that I had to pay for the water, but it was the way he handled the situation. I hope the $2 was worth losing a potentially loyal customer who just moved in down the street.I ordered a mixed platter for event, 10 people. Subs were way above average...high quality taste, beautiful presentation, excellent customer service. I cannot believe this is part of a chain! Primo Hoagies on Chestnut is now my go to sub shop.Sal and his team make an awesome hoagie!!!  The roll was fresh, the meat over an inch thick and fresh too, and the toppings were just enough to make the sandwich a winner.  They are open until 6pm now.They make awesome hoagies! Really good! Friendly staff. 
Avoid Monday's going there. Bread is usually stale and meat not as fresh. 
Definitely go later in the week. That is my only suggestion.Phenomenal place to get a great sandwich.
Must Haves:
-Italian Diablo w/ Oil
Pros:
-Great friendly service
-Great selection of meats
-Sesame bread
Cons:
-Cash only if the total is under $10
Quick Tips:
-Just come here for dessert
I have never been disappointed by this place.  I like that they give big sandwiches with high quality meats, cheeses and BREAD.  The bread is seriously phenomenal.  Also, getting your sandwich with oil as opposed to mayo is great.
Great food at an affordable price delivered quickly.Not bad and the sandwich keeps well, but it's only good for takeout and reminds me of a sandwich I could make at home. That being said, the food is decently high quality and you get what you pay for. The old Italian sandwich is quite delicious. And the cheese is really good.good bread, good meats, no frills, good selection of cutlet.  bad parking.This place has the best hoagie's in Philly.  The primo size is huge - and at a good price.  You have a lot of options to choose from which they  make on fresh bread.  If you are looking for a typical philly experience  - this is definitely the place to go.Primo's makes a mighty good Italian. The flavors -- prosciutto, provolone, Genoa salami, and capicola -- are perfectly balanced. And the bread. My God, the bread. It's totally ruined me. Good service and fair prices, too.Damn was this place great! Awesome food and super reasonable price. I'd eat here weekly if I lived closer!Always top 1 or 2 on thi list when it comes to cold hoagies. The crusher is awesome!!AMAZING! I love sandwiches, and I have been meaning to go ever since I saw my friend eat one for lunch. I got the chicken cutlet diablo. Hello spicy fried goodness! My bf got the beef diablo and it was fresh and amazing as well (i haven't had roast beef that good in a long time...sry jimmy johns, subways, etc). The $1 insanely huge pickle I bought on the side was great too.  Yes, the key word is: great. My other half of my sandwich is sitting in my fridge (the primo size you get a massive hoagie for a great price) ...it is fearfully awaiting to be eaten STAT once I am hungry again.
The place was packed when I went, but I got my sandwich super fast (about 3-5 minutes). I highly recommend. No place to sit, but we strolled to Rittenhouse to eat on the benches :)I mean, yea, this is one of the few hoagie joints that lives up to the hype. I don't know where Caitlin C. has had anything but an excellent Primo experience (she says not to go anywhere but Ritner), but I've always had a swell time in the Welsh Road location.Wow, this was an amazing sandwich. I went with the Old Italian at Primo size and got the excellent hoagie-roll with baked-in sesame seeds. As Seth who recommended this to me said, there's just something about that roll. But you can't have it with the small size, so obviously Primo's realizes this and reserves the addictive stuff for the expanded size and price. Kind of expensive for a sandwich at $10 with a Diet Pepsi, and there was that tip line on the receipt.Sooooo, after being harassed by the Primo loving public about my mediocre opinion I decided I would go back and try it again.So last Saturday I waited amongst the hoards and ordered a sharp Italian. It was ok. The sharp provolone was def good but I think that I will always be tainted because I of the way I was treated for speaking out against Primos that I could never bring myself to give them more than two stars. It's the food equivalent of how I feel about the Pittsburgh Steelers after going to school out there and getting abused by Steelers fans.The hoagies are huge!! They just stuff the hoagie with meat yummm muummyyyy!!!! 
Yes, Turkey breast and Swiss Cheese is usually my options with whatever else you'd like it with. OMG! you wont regret it!Dumpier than the other Primo's I've visited and my bread seemed to be a day old,The best sandwiches in Philadelphia, and beyond. When you're in town and you need a good sammy, don't go to wawa, hit up a Primos and enjoy the ultimate hoagie experience at the same low Wawa pricesPrimo Hoagies is ridiculously overpriced.
Although the meats and cheeses are of good quality, the roll is too hard, and heavy to enjoy the tastes inside.
Out of about 5 tries at the Bada Bing, and Whacked Chicken,  I have gotten one good sandwich. This was because the cutlet was sufficiently cooked/fried to where the breading didn't fall off to where I tasted the flour in the sandwich - yuck.
Some people see a high price, and seeds on the roll, and are immediately impressed. Just because the bread is different from typical subs/hoagies - Sarcone's, doesn't mean I'm going head over heels.
The diagnostic problem with their sandwiches:
Cutlets' breading is not cooked sufficiently as to hold together against the hard roll.
Roll is too thick, and robs the attention of the beautiful meats and cheeses.
Primo Hoagies are overpriced, and are a smack in the face to people in this economy. Nearly $10 bucks for a medium submarine sandwich isn't even acceptable at a bar.
The good things about Primo's are that they use excellent meats and cheeses. They also have a wonderfully innovated use of pesto, bruschetta, peppers, etc with their beautiful meats and cheeses.
Unfortunately, their price, and their obsession with the overrated Sarcone's roll ruins the sandwich. In the Philadelphia area, there is an obsession that hard rolls equal good bread for sandwiches, which can be true - just not for Sarcone's dense, hard breads.
Amoroso's would be the recommended bread.Yum! I'm eating one right now!
While the price may make you think the sandwiches are lined with gold, the taste will make you forget gold existed. The bread is phenomenal. 
Sarcone's I think. The old Italian is my favorite. The cheese is awesome, sharp and delicious. 
A must try! And DON'T CALL IT A SUB!!Honestly, Primo's is just alright for me. I love the turkey diablo, but not much else. I've been disappointed in their Italians, but like I said, loved the turkey diablo. The meatball is just alright, and the chicken parms are pretty good.
The dirt pudding there is fantastic though, although it's also easy to recreate at home.Great sandwiches for a quick bite during lunch. I would definitely try their "Diablo" menu.Spo has lived in Philly for several years and hadn't once been to Primo Hoagies. For shame, for shame, Spo. Luckily, we were able to check this spot out on a humid Saturday morning and I'm glad we did. Spo ordered a white tuna with olive oil hoagie, and I had a (corned beef) Schwartzie. Spo damn near finished her small sandwich in one sitting, and I sort of made a dent in my primo-sized hoagie. I can't wait to finish it later on my plane ride back home. I suggest Primo Hoagies go worldwide, or at least establish a restaurant in any city that I'm in.Yummmm, I love Primos!  The Old Italian (dry cured capacola, sharp provolone and proscuitto) and Abruzzi (roasted pork, sharp provolone and broccoli rabe) are my faves.  There are several veggie options if you don't do meat.
Besides center city, there are locations in suburban PA and NJ.Love Primos! So happy they have a center city location. So many options to choose from but you really can't go wrong. The bread is so amazing and the rolls are so large that I always have leftovers. Great choice for lunch.PROS: The most delicious hoagies you can get (probably)
CONS: Cash only under $10, limited operating hours
Sometimes when I'm particularly busy or lazy, I just want a sandwich-to-go (instead of building my own at home). The sandwiches at Primo Hoagies taste better, fresher, and healthier than the sandwiches at Wawa. They should open at night and/or during weekends though.Our office ordered take out today and the food was delivered an hour before our requested delivery time.  We had ordered a few hot hoagies and needless to say they were cold by the time we could get into our conference room to eat them.  My food was sub par and we don't plan on returning to order again.  The chicken was gross and the mozzarella was clearly old and probably should not have been served.The whacked chicken is slammin. 
Chicken cutlet, sharp provolone, brushetta & pesto. 
I highly suggest it, and the dirt pudding!A group of us from work order here at least once a week. You better call in early during the lunch period if you have a large order, or else it could be a while. To get your sandwiches sooner, send a lackey to pick them up instead of getting them delivered.
The Italian is the best. They have variations such as the Sharp Italians etc. But you gotta go with the classic. Loaded with meat, the "Primo" size will surely satisfy!CHICKEN DIABLO! 
I have not tried anything else from here and every time I try to I always end up geting my regular...the Chicken Diablo. 
The hoagies are huge! The Primo size lasts me for about 2 meals.  The hoagies are on the expensive side for a hoagie, but definitely worth the price.DO NOT go to any location besides Ritner St.
Italian hoagies at their best. with names like Pal Joey (Sweet Sopressata & Fresh Mozzarella Cheese), Soprano (Pepper Turkey & Sharp Provolone Topped with Sweet Roasted Peppers) and Bada Bing(Chicken Cutlet & Sharp Provolone with Broccoli Rabe) you know you are in good hands.
Get a few sides like Stuffed Pepper Shooters and you'll be set.Update: After I posted my negative review, I received a message from a manager offering me a gift certificate. I provided my address, and he confirmed he received it. I have still received nothing. I wasn't looking for any sort of compensation, but if you're going to offer it, you really should follow through. Terrible customer service all around, on all levels. I will never return to any Primo hoagies.A Philadelphia staple. Two of my friends told me that they bring in every Saturday with Primo's. That being said, I decided to try the hoagie spot that I see so many places.
The Italian is the way to roll. The Olde Italian is every better, but certainly an acquired taste. Whatever your steez is, the italian meats and cheeses are better than your typical sandwich spot.
They've got quite an assembly in the back, and a lot of interesting sides to choose from. I stand by it... and haven't had better. Primo lives up to its name.I wasn't as wowed by Primo's as everyone else. Sarcone's sore-mouth-roof-rolls strike again! I don't see the fascination. This is my 3rd time having a Sarcone roll at a different place and it's consistently hard (too crusty in politically correct terms). I got a basic turkey hoagie and it cost about $7-8ish, but it certainly didn't taste like a $7-8 hoagie. I don't doubt that some of Primo's other sandwiches are better, but this one I had was run of the mill. Also, I thought there would be seating. So much for that. Oh well.
On the plus side, the ladies behind the counter were very pleasant and quite easy on the eyes. QUITE!Took some friends to Primo's by way of thanks after they helped me move. I ordered the Audiablo, and was pleasantly surprised. While the turkey and roast beef were good and the lettuce, tomato, and onion were liberally applied, the spices set the sandwich apart. Not so spicy it overpowered the other flavors, but enough kick to prevent me from adding a splash of sriracha. I can't imagine going to Primo's and getting something that left out that wonderful blend of spices.
The bread makes the sandwich, though, for good or for bad. If you like your rolls hearty with a bit of crunch, you'll be okay here. Just be careful about which size you go for. Even after lifting heavy boxes all morning, the Primo sized hoagie was more than sandwich enough for me. The whole hoagie is a monstrosity. I've done my share of eating challenges in the past, but if you've conquered the whole hoagie you have my respect.Best Hoagie EVER.  I'm normally not much of a sandwich person, so for me to say that it's a good hoagie - it's really a delicious hoagie.
Primo's was highly recommended by my philly colleagues, so we took a trip there one day.  The meats are delicious and you must get your hoagie with sharp provolone.  YUM.  It's a no frills, no nonsense sandwich shop.  You're there for the food.  Decent prices.  Friendly staff.  I would go back again.Tried Primo for lunch today based on recommendations from everyone in the office and the reviews on Yelp.
I had never had a Philadelphia 'hoagie' before but I've had plenty of subs and was looking forward to finding out if any differences actually existed.  I went for the Sharp Italian primo sized--wow!  The bread, meats, and sharp provolone cheese were incredible.  I probably could have gone for the small size since I have half of it left but the bonus is I get to eat it again later!  
Staff were helpful. 
As for the difference between a hoagie and sub...for me, it comes down to the bread.  That's what separates the hoagie.BEST HOAGIES IN THE CITY!
It is 2 am and just thinking about these hoagies is making my mouth water, I would go get one right now if I could.  I usually get the roast beef special (with provolone, Cole slaw and Russian dressing).  Primo's has the perfect mix of great meats and cheeses, amazing seeded bread and the right price. The hoagies are packed with meat and a  foot long is usually enough for two meals.They have several locations which makes it easy to find one near you.  Go find a Primo's and get one for lunch this week.I'd give a ZERO if I could.  Told me 45 minutes for delivery and after waiting an hour and a half, I called to cancel since I had to leave...useless worker on the other end of the phone simply hung up on me.  Great customer service Primo.  Never again!!!Primo has huge hoagies on their signature seasame-seed bread.  This is not the place for the weak-jawed or the small-mouthed.  They load on the meats and sides like lettuce, tomato, hot peppers, onions, etc. and slices huge pieces of quality cheese.  Delicious!It's been awhile since I was able to give out 5 stars on Yelp! While it may sound like I'm  the Leona Helmsley of Yelp, based on the past few reviews I've written, food is a very personal thing to me. I love to cook, and when I go out to eat, I want that experience to be (at least) equal to my own culinary capabilities. Primo Hoagies was recommended to me by my niece as "the absolute best place in Philadelphia to get a hoagie" and after my experience there, I could not agree with her more! From the oven roasted Primo sliced turkey breast to the scrumptious sesame buns smothered with tomatoes, onions, pickles, lettuce, and peppers all drizzled with the traditional trio of mayo, oil and vinegar, Primo Hoagie dazzled my palate (I know that sounds PG13)! Top that off with a bag of Kettle Chips and what you have is one happy camper! If you're looking for tradition, quality and a sense of pride from this Philadelphia hot spot, Primo Hoagies will not disappoint!This is now my goto Primo in CC because of proximity to work.  The staff is super nice and even when they are busy, they can still rifle those sammiches out.
I love this place and this is one of my stops in Philly for a proper hoagie.  Just like the other Primos, this one never disappoints.Yes, it's a chain but the sandwiches are very solid and the staff very friendly and always ready with a smile.  I am very loyal to the Abruzzi with sharp provolone, tender roast pork, and plenty of sauteed broccoli rabe.  The slightly bitter greens pair extremely well with the pork and cheese.  Be sure to get the primo size since that is served on the famous sesame seed Liscio's roll.  A primo will also last you at least two meals since it is stuffed with meat and toppings.Not all primos are created equal.  This place got my orders wrong EVERY SINGLE TIME. Is it hard to make a sandwich? The primos on 11th street never has this problem.  I just stopped going to the one on 21st street because I gave up.If you're looking for a good hoagie, go with Wawa. The people here got my order wrong. The hoagie was unexpectedly spicy, and the meat did not taste great. The peppers were soggy, and the only good part about the hoagie was the bread. Every Wawa hoagie I've had has been perfect. However, for hot hoagies, primos is great.I know they've turned into quite the chain of sandwich shops, but damn if they don't make an amazing sandwich on delicious bread.  When you're surrounded by turkey loaf and american cheese it's nice to have some where to get real turkey breast and a cheese with flavor for a change.Not a bad hoagie shop. Primos a makes a makes a good hoagie. Staff seems nice. Not much else to say at this point. So I'll give you a riddle. What gets wetter as it drys? Know the answer? If not Google it.Everyone I know sings the praises of Primo Hoagies... So my wife and I were super excited to to try it. She got the buffalo cutlet and I got the chicken suprimo. I was expecting a real, freshly fried up chicken cutlet, but was disappointed when I saw they were frozen and came from a bag. We took the hoagies home and ate them. The chicken was gross... If we weren't so hungry from renovating our new house an if the hoagies weren't so expensive we would've thrown the whole hoagies out. We did wind up throwing some of them out.
I would try them again though for their cold cut hoagies. Maybe those are better.
Also the staff is friendly!Time to nitpick, Primo. The last sub I had came with no onion, and today's sub I was given ham instead of capicola - both of which I was charged extra for something I didn't receive.
Also, the delivery was at least 20 mins early today, and I didn't receive a call. Unless it was a blocked, restricted number (which many people won't answer). I came home and the food was hanging from my doorknob.Surprisingly good. The staff is always friendly and the hoagies are delicious.  My favorite is the chicken parm.While no doubt Primo's makes a good hoagie, this location just isn't the best.  They don't stuff the hoagies to the extent of some other Primo locations.  Most disappointing is the fact that they recently raised their prices.  It's now approximately $10 for hoagie.  I can go down the street to Lenny's and get a similar quality hoagie, albeit slightly less stuffed, but nearly twice as long, for only a few dollars more.  Also, the fact that Lenny's has a grill while Primo's doesn't is a big downside for Primo's.  Primo's will forever be my new backup for when Lenny's is closed or for when my Primo's loving father needs a hoagie for the Phillies game.Primo opened a new store up on Ridge Ave - I believe the center is called Roxborough Commons. Anyway, this place is a Philly staple to my understanding - and for good reason.
the first few weeks they were open here, the service was a little lacking and the bread was pretty dry on some occasion. Now it looks like they are going full steam ahead. I usually call in my order and then walk down (4 blocks) and pick up my hoagie. The staff is always friendly on the phone and in person. The sammichs are super good, all the ingredients are really fresh, and the choices on the menu are pretty complete. I think what this place needs to work on is whittling down time needed to prep sammiches (I call and its usually a 20-30 min wait) and sometimes the prep is really sloppy. But over all its not bad. Prices are really good for what you get and be sure to tell them go easy on the cheese. They put a block of cheese in my sammich...Why Primo why?this place may make some ok subs, but it's currently 740 and they state they are OPEN till 8pm...yet they don't answer their phones, or answer and hang up.  their customer service is about the worst i've had in the philadelphia area. constantly closing early, opening late.  not nice on the phone.  primo's needs to evaluate this store and get new employees or this store is doomed for failure.I was really intrigued by Primo as they claimed they had old fashion hoagies. I love that classic Hoagie taste.
The Positive Primo Hoagie;
-Awesome variety of hoagies to choose from
-Crave ready and tasty  (I had the Schwartzie, my wife had the Ham Hoagie)
-"Grandmas recipe" style sides; potato salad, macaroni salad, mozzarella, etc.
The Stanky Primo Hoagie;
- Includes a really, really hard bun that ripped up the top of my mouth (you know the feeling). Now I did get the smaller bread size and it looked like it could have been different bread than the larger selections. So maybe the bread is different. 
Overall I loved the taste at Primo!!
*Update
I have eaten at Primo a couple of times since my first review and usually the bread wasn't as hard so I bumped them up a star. Go Primo!Always good! Food and customer service are tops. One of my favorite lunch options! Make sure you feed the parking meter -this stretch of Ridge is heavily enforced.There's only one reason this isn't a 5 star location and others here have said it...size matters! The hoagies made here are a fraction of the size they are at literally every other Primo Hoagies I've ever ordered from. I'm a longtime customer and have visited my fair share of Primo's locations. Unfortunately this is the one closest to me. After many tries though I just got fed up with the small size and now try to only get Primo's when I'm near another location. Primo's in Conshohocken, Ardmore, center City, Norristown, Mayfair, Cinnaminson NJ all serve excellent Hoagies and they're all about double the size of what you'll get at this Roxborough location. I wish it wasn't this way or I'd be here a lot more. If they ever change their ways give me a heads up as I'd love to have a legit Primo hoagie experience nearby.
In fairness I will add that in contrast to what others have said here, the staff has always been friendly and courteous in my experience... They just make a small hoagie.Usually go to another Primos closer to home but I decided to stop at this one. I ordered a turkey wrap which was done very quickly but compared to the size at my usual location this wasn't half of that and was also missing some of the toppings I asked for. I will just stick to my usual location!Let me first say that i am a fans of primo's but soemthing is missing from this location and there sandwiches. First became fan of primo's after working center city and i would frequent the location at 21st & chestnut (hoagies there always on point). This location has the famous name and the same ingredients but just not the taste. Good staff and clean location.Delicious hoagies! My favorite is Mild Sharp Italian. Nommmm!
 One star off because the angry teenagers working there are rude as hell. The dumb chick who answered the phone hung up on me, because I didn't answer her quickly enough. 
I know you don't want to work on a Sunday, but I didn't make you do it. Chill,
Other than that...keep the hoagies rolling. I want another one......I've eaten at primos in Ardmore which was so so good. I bragged to my boyfriend about it so we decided to stop at this location. They brought me a cold meatball sub with one piece of cheese and hardly any sauce. He orders a buffalo chicken cutlet which comes out cold and looking nothing like it should. Also,  the taste was nothing like it should be either. They literally just slapped it together, after we waited a good 20 mins. We were very disappointed and won't be back.Had a craving for a good hoagie and ended up here at Primo's. I've always drove past and never thought to grab a sandwich from here. Well, tonight my wife said give them a shot, so I went in and looked the menu over and decided to try a Primo Turkey Diablo with extra hot's and I wish I ordered the next size up. the sandwich was very tasty. the roll was superb, the outside was crunchy with the perfect amount of sesame seeds on it and the inside was nice and soft. Bottom line here is, that we will be returning to Primo's !!! That's all for now !
PEACEYuuuuuum. This will be my 8th year living in Philly, and I just had my first Primo. My mom owned a pizzeria and sub shop for most of my life, so I'm very picky when it comes to subs (particularly ones with cold cuts) and they hit the nail on the head.
I chose a build-your-own with sweet capicola, prosciutto and genoa salami, fresh mozzarella, broccoli rabe/onion/pesto, crushed red peppers/oregano/oil&vin. Added a little garlic powder and coarse ground black pepper at home. Nice crunchy bread, I got a Primo-size since the small didn't give me a surefire option online of having the popular seeded bread. Still tasting the lingering vinegar and parmesan from the pesto. Mmmm.
The potato salad is awesome, as well. Kudos to my boyfriend - who scarfed down his turkey schwartzie, btw - for recommending Primo to me enough times to convince me to try them.Delicious hoagies!  A little pricey, but the turkey and roast beef hoagie was delish!  So was the pickle!  I'd love to try some sides sometime, but that'd up the bill way too much for lunch!The italian hoagie is good as long as you get everything on it.
The chicken diablo - really good and truly diablo spicy.
The Dirt pudding - sooooooo good, i just wish you could get more in one serving!
A great little place to grab some hoagies for the road.The staff a Primo's is very friendly.  This was great because when I walked in and saw the menu I was overcome with fear.  So many choices, What if I pick the wrong one?!?!?!  No worries, the staff walked me through it and I found my go to hoagie - the Soprano :Thumanns Cracked Pepper Turkey, Sharp Provolone with Roasted Red Peppers.  The only downside to Primo's are the prices...WOW!  I went to a sandwich shop and spent over $10 on lunch!  The sandwiches are awesome, but they are also a delicacy for me on my WaWa sandwich budget.  
I highly recommend Primo's, but if your on a shoe string budget you might try Lenny's further down Ridge Ave. (Both are great)My hoagie had half the amount of meat that I expected.  When you pay 11 bucks for a hoagie, you don't expect them to be skimpy.  My sandwich was all roll!They have the best hoagies in Philadelphia, or anywhere as a matter of fact. However, at this location. The girls at the register could really benefit from a few courses in customer service.  They are usually on the phone or yap'n away with someone in the back ignoring you unless you are paying. Then they care about you. Otherwise, you do not  exist. I've had situations where I was trying to pay and the cashier was too busy talking to someone who wasn't getting a haogie about a job interview and school all the while I stood there waiting to place my order.  I also have had no answer when calling during the last hour. They make the quality Primo sandwich. However, they do not represent the company well. Fire the "girls" up front and hire someone who's going to make the customer feel welcomed.A great hoagie.  Non the less, a great hoagie is a little too easy to find in this area.  I may be the cheap guy in the room but $7.99 for a sandwich is a little pricey, especially in a recession, or whatever this crap shoot of an economy we are in is.  The bonus with primo is they do give you your money's worth in meat instead of lettuce,  oh delicious subway lettuce and mayonnaise sandwich, blah.  Remind me to review every subway in the world for sucking the life out of the sandwich industry.5 stars for Primo, 3 stars for this location.
As other reviews state, the service here could use some help.
Hoagies are still very good here, so long as they make the right order and you get a friendly cashier.
Still the best hoagies outside south Philadelphia in my opinion.I called to pre order and I was on hold for 15 minutes and then they hung up. Called again and was on hold for 10 minutes until I decided to just walk in. There were 2 people in the store so I wonder why I was being ignored. Also the rolls were saturated within 5 minutes of walking home (never had a problem with any other promos location). To top it off, my chicken cutlets were rubber. Too hard to even eat and I am usually the furthest thing from picky. I've eaten at dozens of promos locations and this is the first time I have ever been let down.I had a build your own hoagie this Monday, it was a cornbeef with turkey, it was delicious. Enjoy the food and the customer service was greatSeriously, what do they do to make the most amazing sandwiches!!?? 
I really can't get enough of this place. So much so that the cashiers have come to know me. Personally I am a fan of the Slim T, but the diablos are great if you like spicy. I always order the primo size(med) bc that is the best bread! Plus, it's enough for two meals and at $6 who can complain about that! 
This weekend the superbowl party we were at had one of their party trays and they were perfect snacking size. 
I can't say enough about my favorite sandwich shop!First off Primo's itself is a 5 star chain, but it's franchised and this location only gets 3...
Ordered: My husband was craving his usual order of Primo's Turkey Diablo with bruschetta. I was driving back into the city and this location was on the way. I called up, placed the order and that was that. Boy were we disappointed... I only usually order one hoagie for the both of us because they are typically stuffed to the rim and you can hardly fit your mouth around it. I was charged $8.89 and plus $1.59 for the bruschetta which was a joke, hardly any on it and meat portions not worth the price tag. 
Service: I can say the person at the register was nice and friendly, which I think differs from other reviews.
Overall: going to stick to my location on 20th and Chestnut St unless this location changes their hoagie ways.Best hoagie around. I asked for extra pickles and they delivered! Fresh lunch meat and rolls 
DeliciousI'm kinda obsessed with this place..I eat here almost every day because it's so quick and easy and I never get sick of the subs! Also the place smells great and appears to be very clean. The staff are so nice and friendly. They know me on a first name basis...I had a build your own hoagie this past friday, it was a cornbeef with turkey, it was delicious. Enjoy the food and the customer service was great,This is the best hoagie place in Roxborough in my opinion. I have not had a bad sandwich there and I am very picky. The other places in the area hoagies are just too dry, this place is perfection. The delivery time is a little slow but that's the only thing I didn't like.Really, really good hoagie! The meat is sliced paper thin and then crammed into the roll so there is no room left- literally the most delicious hoagie I've ever had. I'm a big fan of the Turkey Diablo. It's a little on the spicy side but you can handle it. Fantastic flavor, the pepper cheese is on point. This place doesn't disappoint- grab some of the pasta salad or marinated mozzarella balls while you're there. They just make the meal perfect.T&F, Lenny's and Primo make the best hoagies in the Roxborough/Manayunk area. Anyone of these will satisfy your craving for a great sandwich.I last reviewed this spot 7 years ago, but need to amend based on my latest experience.  Just checking what the current ranking is was 3.5 stars which seemed a bit low for Primo's but probably on par for this location.
While most traditional mom and pop shops on the Ridge are closed on Sunday this chain is open, which becomes one of the few available options outside of traditional pizza.  Combine those closure with a late in the day Eagles game this place is going to be downright slammed with orders and of course it showed.  Waited at the registered for 5 minutes while people rushed around to put together as many sandwiches as possible before that 4:15pm kick off.  Also was great to hear them complaining about people calling out on Saturday and how bad it was. 
Finally was greeted by some guy who just walked into the shop, that I presume was a delivery guy.  He asked my name and grabbed my bag and I was outta there.   I didn't want the ordeal of them having to ring me up for chips and/or soda or a pickle so I just left. 
On to the hoagie itself.  For a primo the meats & cheese are quality so that was there and I expected that.  As for how it was made, it looked disgusting.  The slapdash configuration was piss poor with onions strewn about and a solid block of provolne cheese cutting through bottom of the roll killing the structural integraity of the sammich.  Nothing folded or tucked or neatly; it was not packed like a hoagie should be.  Finally, onto the worse looking lettuce I've ever seen.  The diced iceberg lettuce was so soggy it looked like it had been sitting in ice water for a day.  So wilted I had to pick it out and toss it.  
Just look at the other reviews for the lack of customer service at this location.  I haven't walked in there within the past year without people waiting in line and the cashier looking flustered.  This location needs to get its act together. 
It's Primo's so I'll be back, just hope this review reaches someone and changes are made.I just visited this location and was absolutely disappointed in the customer service. I ordered a hoagie and spoke clearly as to the condiments I wanted on my sandwich and the side. The sandwich maker proceed to place items that I did not want on my sandwich. I spoke up to them on this error and they moved to make the sandwich over. While making the 2nd sandwich, the same error was made. I was highly disgusted and wanted my money back. The workers customer service skills lacked in this moment. I enjoyed visiting this primo location, but this will be my last time. I would suggest to management that they convey to there workforce the importance of having good customer service. Extending excellent customer service goes a long way.Primo hoagies is amazing!!  Order ahead because it takes a whole to make the sandwiches usually
I love the diablo section. My go to is the veggie diablo but the chicken diablo is awesomely spicy. I like that they have tuna without mayo- you never see that. If you're looking for ale thing healthy get that. 
Best part about primo is the bread. Whether your hungry enough for it or not get primo size- the small bread isn't as good. 
Crunchy seedy bread mmmmA disappointment that ruins the reputation of the south Philly original.
Making a good sandwich requires only detail orientation.  It doesn't require training at Hogwarts and it doesn't require artistic genius.
I ordered two hoagies for a friend and me.  Easy!  The problem was that it took Mr. tall, chubby, glasses ages to assemble them.  He was too busy talking to the women working in the store and he wasn't paying attention to his work.  He forgot to put mayo on the sandwich and had to lift the ingredients up as he put it under them. He put oil on the sandwich when it was not requested.  
When I pointed out that I did not order oil, he immediately lied to me.  He lifted the vinegar bottle up - it's obviously vinegar because it's red, and the oil is yellow - and said he put vinegar on.  And I had to explain to him that oil is yellow, and he just put that on.  He finally had to agree that he made a mistake.  What are we doing at Primo Hoagies here?  Am I going to find bologna on my turkey hoagie?  Or turkey on my italian?  These things are not rocket science.  Who in their right mind can lie about their own obvious mistake?
This is not acceptable.  Pay attention.When they announced that it was National Hoagie Day. I had a great idea to have Hoagie night with my family. My mother has four daughters eight grandchildren and one son-in-law. So after I got off of work I treat everyone to a Primo's hoagie. I called my family to find out which Hoagie they would like Primo's was offering three choices the choices were turkey and cheese Italian and cheese and ham and cheese. So after work I went there and placed an order drop some Hoagies off and picked up my sister and we place more orders my husband had got two because he had lunch for work. Everyone was so happy because they did not have to cook. I didn't buy any chips or soda because everyone had them at their house the staff at Primo's was awesome everyone was pleasant they got you any got you out and the Hoagies was so delicious. And that day it wasn't crowded the times that I went even when I went back the second time they was quickly it was no complaints from me. They was also taking a phone orders. Philly also brought pepperoni slices with the sharp cheese which was also delicious we went home and try them with crackers. I had to order a pepperoni tray with cheese and also a hoagie tray for my next party. Keep up the great work Primo workers. The location was nice and clean and also they have places where you can sit and enjoy your hoagie. And also had plenty of parking in front of the store and also in the back.For a chain hoagie place this is the best of the best.  Quality sliced deli meats.  Almost as good as your favorite local shop.  Hoagies are large in size.  They slice the deli meat super thin which makes a big difference while they keep the cheese thick cut.  Diablo hoagies are a nice choice if you prefer the spicier kind. The rolls are seeded and have a good solid menu selection.Who doesn't love a Primo?! If you enjoy Italian hoagies then swing by a Primos and enjoy. Solid 3 star for this location on Ridge as my sandwich was good but the customer service over the phone and in person can both use some improvement. Cheers!Awful. I place an order for delivery via their website and am given a time when it will be delivered(usually like 45 min which is ok) . The first time I ordered my food arrive 3 hours late. The store forgot, then then the driver forgot. Absolutely ridiculous. And now today they're running over an hour and 30 late. 
HIRE MORE DRIVERS. AND STOP GIVING UNREALISTIC DELIVERY TIMESWe always get the Nonna's Veggie. Depending the time of the day, you may have to wait longer as they need to cook the eggplant and broccoli rabe on the spot. They never give us problems when we want more pickles/peppers on the side. Will continue to come for an easy dinner/lunch.One of the best hoagies I've ever had! I'm not sure how there's not a line going out the door! It's definitely my go-to for my weekly hoagie fix and if I miss a week, I go through withdrawals. The staff offers great customer service as well as quick service, and the ingredients are always fresh. I love the variety of so many options and I try to try something new every time unless I'm craving something in particular. The Sulmona, Sharp Italian, and Chicken Suprimo are a few of my faves so far!It's a shame that this location doesn't take Covid-19 food service safety steps seriously.
Staff fail to wear face masks consistently while preparing food and interacting with customers (despite requiring those entering to exercise this safety protocol.)
After being a customer for six years, I won't return.
Reply to Primos: I did fill out the requested form on the Primos website days before posting this review.
No one contacted me.
Also, the Ridge Ave. location isn't in compliance with installing a clear safety barrier at the register (as required for businesses to reopen in Phila.) 
This location doesn't appear to take safety precautions (or requirements) seriously.Two stars 'cuz it's Roxborough where the hoagie is a diet staple.  "Meh" as the young people say.  Primo's is fine for the suburban outlier communities where the strip mall cuisine is often corporate replications of urban authenticity.  Essentially, my Italian tuna and veggie sandwich had no soul, no mojo, no craft.  Rubber-stamped.  So, always patronize the much superior T & F or Lennie's Home Plate.  Sterile lighting and indifferent staff on a Sunday capped off the "meh" experience, and finally helped me understand the word a little bit better.After filling out he form (as requested) no one contacted me. It's unfortunate that, actions don't follow words and food safety/ health regulations in Phila. are not a priority at Primos.I ordered from Ridge ave./ Roxboro location twice. They are more expensive than the several other primo  locations that I've previously ordered from. This location twice. The hoagies are not primo quality/style hoagies. This primo's franchise on Ridge ave In Roxboro is giving all other primo's a bad name, and they are destroying the reputation of the original South Philly 1700 S. Ritner st. store.  if you want to know what a REAL primo's hogie tastes like go to S. Philly primo's on 1700 Ritner st. You will be amazed. Do like us and make the switch. A true primo's hoagie has WOW factor. This is a knock off, and a bad one at that.amazing hoagies. 
the selection is a little overwhelming but I have always been happy with whatever I end up choosing. 
the lack of seating both inside the shop and in the surrounding area makes it a little awkward as a meal destination, but if you are looking to pick up a great sandwich this is the place to go.I'm a person of Italian descent and I was A little disappointed in the Hogies that I received today.
I was expecting these fresh Italian rolls, I also asked for 1 seeded roll and did not get it, with a little bite to it. This is usually what I get when I go to Primo's, the very Best hogie. But today I ordered a turkey hoagie with the banana peppers, Lettuce onion tomato mayo and oil.
What I got was a very soggy roll with extremely soggy onions as well as the lettuce, but the sweet peppers I did not ask for. I asked for banana peppers and had the girl repeat it
So I was very disappointed.
Maybe the Primo's on Ridge Pike would be better.The sandwiches are good but the employees lack good customer service skills.  I  may start to use a different location.  Pizza/sub shops in Roxborough are a dime a dozen.  Primo's needs to step up!Would give 0 stars if possible. Hoagies were awful, could not pay me to eat them. Bread was stale flavorless and soggy, and the meats only went down from there. The place itself smelled like old oil and vinegar, I wouldn't be surprised if it the sticky floors and walls are seeped in it. None of the employees wore masks. And it took 45 min for 2 hoagies. I'd recommend you take your business elsewhere.Another great Primo location, this one's pretty new (opened up in 2008 I believe).  My turkey diablo sandwich was spicy and fresh, and the addition of broccoli rabe made it even better (for me).  Staff was friendly even though we walked in 2 minutes before closing time.  Didn't make us feel like we were a nuicance or rush us.  Then again they did close at 7pm on a saturday night... who does that?
Primo always makes great sandwiches, and this one is no exception.  The drink selection was a little lacking, but I'll let it slide.  Another good eating option in the yunk/roxborough area.I was online and couldn't decide what to order. I searched some delivery sites and thought the price was abnormally high. I checked the actual Primo Hoagie site and confirmed that it's lower priced and they have a delivery option, which it seems they contract through Grub Hub.
Anyway, the sandwich order was put in for two 9" hoagies w/ sesame buns. They came well made and well packed. It was delivered on time almost to the minute. 
I ordered the diablo italian sub and the schwarzie or something with russian dressing and cole slaw. The diablo is barely spicy, even with spicy peppers on the side to add. I threw on a slice of pepper per bite and it had a tangy spice, but pretty mild. I preferred the one with the coleslaw. While it was sweet and moist, the bread was still crispy/chewy. It was assembled with the cheese on the outside so the bread didn't soak up the coleslaw juice during delivery.
All in all, it was a pleasant hoagie/sub experience and i'd order again.My partner raved about Primo Hoagies so I was anticipating a delicious sandwich but that's not what I got. He ordered me an Italian hoagie with Mayo, oregano, salt, pepper, lettuce, tomato, and onions.
Unfortunately this hoagie fell flat of even being good. The tomato's were mushy, the bread was hard, the hoagie only had mayonnaise on one side, and it lacked taste.
The hoagies I get from the Fresh Grocer supermarket taste better. The two stars were for the nicely wrapped sandwich and the extra napkins that were in the bag.Well built hoagie, nice and full...bread, meat, and veggie toppings were fresh and delicious.  Well ran franchise, employees are friendly and professional. Order was ready on time and will return for another.My boyfriend (vegetarian) and I ordered from Primo for the first time today, and we were pleasantly surprised! I personally don't think the subs were expensive especially how they pack in so much in their hoagies! I got their small and my boyfriend got a large. It takes like 2-3 bites to get from one edge to the other. I thought the veggies were fresh and overall it was a tasty sandwich! The downside was that my hoagie bread was a little soggy in some areas (maybe it was from the coleslaw), but it didn't really bother me. Definitely will order again!For a place that only makes hoagies how do u fail at that?!?! YOU ONLY HAVE ONE JOB AND Thats to make the only thing this company was created to make!!
 If you cannot fulfill the order as requested than I rather it be canceled or Id atleast get a courtesy call with an update on other options!!! This is ridiculous!! Not to mention the bread was not only not what I ordered which I specifically asked for seedless but I have pics to show otherwise in addition to it being hard and stale!!! No oil, Vinegar or mayo!! I order sour cream chips but you guys couldn't even get that right!! How the hell do u mess up reading an order!?!?!