Some of the best tacos I've ever had, no joke. Super authentic. Be advised that this is true Mexican food (not Americanized and smothered in cheese). Worth going out of your way to try. Also, they seem to be open very late.Get whatever pizza ideas outta your head, what you need to know is this:
Big fat delicious late-night tacos. 
Ooooh I did not know! Good ole Irish Johnny tipped me off to Prima's taqueria ways after a night of boozin at 12 Steps til last call. "You wanna get tacos?" 
"Yeah, obviously, always...but where? It's after 2 AM..." 
They're open late! I heard tell even til 5 AM some nights? Could this be true? Not sure, but they were there for us last night. A little hop, skip, and a jump through the darkened closed down Italian Market, right across Washington and into the tiny taqueria, we were greeted by aromas of good taco makings on the flat top. Yeah man, and the guys working there are really nice and I'm gonna act like we're ole buddies now...based on the fact that they kindly put up with my Spanglish ramblings and musings about the Primera Division and my gambling habits.
Anyway, cuanto cuestan los tacos? I'm not exactly sure cause my brother bought them, but I know they're not as cheapo as some places...but these double corn tortilla wrapped beauts were hefty! My favorites were the tacos de chiles rellenos. The chiles were stuffed with shredded tinga de pollo, then battered and fried...how you do... and placed in tacos topped with the onions, cilantro, and lime wedges you'd be expecting. Really, really, delicious. A little salsa roja y salsa verde and you're set. My second favorites were the tacos campechanos...a shreddy beef and chorizo concoction, I do believe. Good stuff.
So, in closing: Big fat delicious late-night tacos! Good to know.Let me start by saying this is not a review of their food. (we never got a chance to eat it) This is a review of their service. We placed an order Friday evening and were told it would ready in 10 min. My husband who speaks spanish fluently arrived to pick up the order and they said it would take 25 mins. Immediately I felt like we didn't want to be waited on but hey maybe I was just hangry. The order takes 10 minutes like previously discussed. Upon getting the food my husband overhears the staff calling him a animal in spanish. My husband is from Angola and speaks português and spanish and there was no mistake in how they were referring to him. This place clearly does not want to serve Africans or African Americans.Al pastor tacos here are absolutely delicious!!! I love the red and green sauce you get on the side. But I love there cactus veggie on the side! Definitely give this place a try! I also got there mango drink here in a can and its good with the tacos.Authentic and loaded tacos/burritos for the low this place is TOTALLY worth it.... yes it's a hole in the wall, yes the wait can be long but once again...WORTH itI was on the quest to find some decent tacos in Philly, I was able to find this Taqueria, it was a great find! As an LA native, tacos and mexican food in general are basically built into your life, finding decent mexican food outside of California is a mission but this place is definetely the best I have had in Philadelphia. The staff are great, I recommend calling in your order on the weekends because they are usually very busy, sometimes take out orders may take 45 minutes if you don't call ahead. I asked if they sold pizza hence their name but I was told they no longer sell pizza they just haven't bothered changing the name or updating the signage to save money, so don't expect them to have pizza.I didn't realize this place actually served pizza until I looked at their menu online, but their tacos are the best I've had in the city!  The carnitas were delicious and flavorful and they came with a pickled cactus salad which I had never had before.  The portions are quite large and the tacos are only 6 bucks for an order.  
The place itself is pretty small with just a few tables set up inside, but I will definitely come back over and over again.Ordered to go.  Food was great.  However the service was horrible.  I waited a hr for my food.  Probably won't go again.I am a faithful regular, everything is super tasty.  Tinga tacos are where its at.  Will not disappoint.This place is fantastic! I thought I had already written a review for here before, but I guess not. I love it because you can get four things that you can't get at a lot of other taco/burrito places:
1) fish tacos/burritos !!!
2) shrimp tacos/burritos!!!
3) lamb tacos/burritos !!!
and 4) grilled cactus (real cactus!) on any dish, including the above. 
I also love how late they are open. It's a very nice couple there late at night, a husband-and-wife team.
They also have Mexican coca-cola, a big plus.I had a goal and it was to find tamales. I read everyone's review how fluffy and delicious their tamales are. I had to try. They had three kinds of tamales. I had the tamales with the salsa verde and another one with the banana leaf. I did not care for the banana leaf one but the ones with the corn husk is my fav. Would def come back for some fluffy tamales.LOVE this place!!!!! As authentic as it gets, and definitely not for the faint of heart. The signs says PIZZA on the outside, but I've never seen anyone eating pizza here.  If they did, I'm sure the pizza would be great too, however, people come here for the tacos!  I love the chicken tacos. They come with 2 of the spiciest sauces I have ever tasted.  Even the salsa verde (which they consider mild) will bring tears to your eyes.  Anyway, I highly recommend this place.  The food is fantastic... and the guys who work here are pretty cool too.I know I gave this place 1 star on my first visit, but I'm all about second chances. I've actually been back here several times and absolutely love their al pastor tacos. After trying the carne asada, I realized that there's no way I'm straying from the al pastor. It's just so rich in flavor and the pineapple bits make it excellent. You know you're getting the real deal when you get a side of the nopales, a grilled jalapeno, and an onion. I prefer the salsa verde rather than their smokier chipotle salsa, which is the spicier of the two.
It's made to order, so if there are some seats, grab yourself one and get excited. Sadly, they have raised their price and it's currently $9 for the al pastor tacos, which is on par with the area and it's still cash only. The drunk yelpers seem to like it and as someone who's eaten this only soberly, I also approve.No idea why Pizza is in the name here; I assume that they maybe sell it? But if you're ordering a pizza and not the Al Pastor, you're doing it wrong. The tacos here for the most part come in orders of 3 for $8, but are accompanied with generous portions of onions, cactus, and there red and green salsas. A single order is plenty of food, as the tacos are usually pretty filled with meat; just be aware that when you order it'll take a bit of time as they make everything fresh to order. Tried both their Al Pastor and their Carne Asada here, and after a 20 minute wait it was time to indulge. The Al Pastor tacos were incredible. Savory, Sweet, with just enough fatty pieces to have a buttery melt-in-your-mouth taste with each bite. The Carne Asada, while not bad, wasn't nearly as flavorful or tender as the Al Pastor, whether from cut of beef or from the order being slightly overcooked. Unfortunately since the tacos weren't ordered piecemeal we couldn't try the rest, but a return visit definitely warrants trying some other meats, or even just a repeat of the Al Pastor.This is my favorite late night taco joint. Of course I could come here during the day too, but when you're craving that 2-3 am taco. I mean hellooooo this place rules. I love the cactus in addition to the amazing tacos. 
My favorite is the Al Pastor and these guys do it RIGHT. 
This place is hilarious because it has pizza in the name. This place is the best because literally they get their tacos done right each time. And they've got the exotic other kinds of fillings too if you're into tongue n junkSeriously? The best tacos in Philly, open 24 hours, and its called "Pizza?" Ha! Don't be fooled people, even though Prima Pizza Taqueria Mexicana is in the heart of south philly, a few blocks up from Pats/ Genos, and looks small and sketchy inside, it is FANTASTIC!
My friend recommended we order tacos here for carry-out after our kickball game in south philly. We thought he was crazy when we walked through the door. But now I can see why this place has over 4-star rating. Yummmmm!  Then I recommended my other friends to go there the following week, and they also loved it! Can't stop talking about these tacos.
I ordered pork carnitas tacos, and my friend got the chicken. It took about 10-15 minutes for them to cook the meat, and prepare the tacos. So it wasn't the "fastest" food to-go, but who cares, that's why it was so fresh and delicious! The meat was fresh cooked, so juicy and tender. The other toppings in the tacos were perfect. I asked for guacamole and he laughed at me, and said no, only avocados. I loved that! Can't get any more authentic than that. 
EAT TACOS HERE! Seriously the best tacos I've had in Philly. And it was only $12-13!Best burritos ever.  Seriously,  guys.  I first wandered in randomly,  now I head here regularly.This is probably my new favorite Mexican taco spot now. After a night out this place was one of the few places open at 3am, We ordered tortas, tacos and quesadillas. The torta was the best torta I've had in philly! The quesadillas were great as well and the tacos were everything you want from a taco! This place is CASH ONLY! They do have an atm inside but it wasn't working for any of us so I would recommend to get cash before going. This place will not disappoint you!Tiny shop, with beautifully authentic tacos served traditional style. Side order of rice and beans is fantastic as well. Burritos are great (if not quite on par with the San Francisco burritos I miss so much). Outdoor seating means my pups can tag along.probably the most authentic and most satisfying mexican spots in philly! this place could be my favorite mexican spot ever!!!! ("he was number 1" - SpongeBob Squarepants) 
Big statement but let their food do the talking! You won't be disappointed! 
ALSO, they are open LATE! like till 5 a.m. so go do your thang in the city and then get some tahCooohooz!
I normally get..
- Al Pastor / Lengua / Chorizo + (Taco / Burrito / Torta)
tacos come with lime wedges, grilled cactus, grilled shallots, radish coins, and roasted jalapeños.
Try to get the above with your burrito / torta! it's a game changer! and their chipotle sauce is mucho fuego! so be careful... i like hot and it's pretty damn spicy even for me.
I like to ride by bike there so I get a torta bc I like to think it's portable but i make a mess anyways... (unnecessary information but too bad you read it anyways!)
Happy eats holmes!Delicious! Food and aguas (fresh juices) were sooo good! I love their yummy burritos so big u can only eat half and save the other half for later! Only complaint would be that it's a shame they don't have a bigger space with more seating! Staff is also always friendly!!Best place for shredded chicken tacos. Cash only. Lamb tacos also good. My favorite spot - have only had tacos though.Finally! A late night something in philly. I dont count  anything that closes before 4am as late night. And 3am does not an after hours make..
Great tasty burrito - i had steak and 
Tacos - chicken. Soooo amazing for food at 3am!! Very happy!The 4 star is based on the chicken tacos my friend and I had and the fact that I feel this place has a lot more tasty mexican bites to offer that I haven't yet tried, but would venture back to do so.  
Not sure why the name highlights the pizza more so than the taqueria considering that from what I could tell from the patrons seated there, only mexican platters were being had. There was no real menu, only what was described by the owner when asked.  For $2 though it was worth a try no matter what.   Cheap, tasty, friendly, fast - what more could you ask?- TIP: Al Pastor.
- CON: Allow a bit of time -- the prep time usually takes ~10 min.
- BOTTOM LINE: Complete hole in the wall.  Surprisingly solid tacos.  This place would have a line longer than Lorenzos & Jims  @ 2am if it was just a few blocks further north.  Which is why I'm glad they're located exactly where they are.So, you're in Italian Market and you want tacos. No problem - walk in to this pizza place and walk out with probably the best tasting tacos of your life.
I know the above doesn't make any sense, but it's Philly we're talking about - so it makes so much sense.
HUGE PORTIONS.
Great tasting tacos. 
Freshly prepared in front of your eyes. 
Cash only (low prices - I think I got my tacos and soda for around $8).We went searching for tacos on a Sunday afternoon and this place did not disappoint. Lamb tacos with nopales were great-- the nopales were just a little spicy, and the texture was a nice pairing with the tacos. We also got sopas with al pastor, tasty as well. Throw in some mango soda and we fed two people for just about $20. Parking was a hassle to find in this area, but at this price point and quality, we'll be back again.Best tacos in town
Open until end of time
Greatest when drunken
1lovenot a lot to say other than I can't get enough of this place. I take my kids, mostly my son, all the time. I've yet to have a bad experience. we usually get a few plates of tacos and mix them up. the burritos are excellent as well.Fast and friendly service, good price, DELICIOUS tacos. Can't beat it. Great veggie tacos too!Prima pizza will be another of my go-to taqueria along with Veracruzana around the corner. When I walked in for the first time, I knew the tacos were going to be good because of the Spanish speaking patrons that are already ordering/dining there. I knew if this is where they get their tacos, that this was a place worth trying, to get the most authentic tacos.
I ordered 3 carne asada tacos and I didn't have to wait long to get them.  They were delicious! The only thing I was sad about was the fact that they don't offer mixed tacos where you can get 3 tacos, each different for what's usually a dollar more at other places. That way you can try a variety of different tacos to see which ones you like best, but since it seems you can't go wrong here, and that I'll be back enough times to sample all the tacos, I don't mind it. This is another taqueria I highly recommend.  It's CASH only too but they have an ATM there that only charges $1.75.Amazing place! Food is incredibly delicious. If they had an assembly system for faster service I'd give them 5 stars.This place has the best chorizo burrito in town.
I live a few blocks away and I'm a bartender, so I often am looking for a decent bite to eat late in the evening.  Prima never disappoints, the ingredients are fresh and cooked to order, the meat and rice is perfectly seasoned and the salsa verde tastes fresh and has just the right bite to it.
This is the best eight bucks you can spend in the city of Philadelphia, mesmerizing delicious eight-dollar burritos till five or six am.
+they don't serve any pizza at this location, it is only burritos and tacos, either that name is homage to whatever was in the location before or the name got lost somewhere in translation.Best tacos on earth. Maybe. Best part of my trip to Philadelphia was the the 2am meal I received after stumbling into this place. It's been months and I still dream of the chorizo tacos.Awesome tacos at a very reasonable price! 
Went with my sister and SO last week and ordered the chorizo, al pastor, and the steak tacos. All of them were solid but if I went again I'd definitely just stick with the al pastor or chorizo. It's $8 for 3 tacos + they throw on radishes, hot pepper, cactus, and a bulb of onion! The onion and radish are great, (as is the salsa verde) but I wish they had some tomato and additional veggies to break up the heaviness of the meat. 
*It's a small spot so there aren't too many places to sit (you also shouldn't go with any more than 2 people if you're planning on sitting, given the table sizes)
*Cash Only!Delicious chicken tacos and lamb tacos! I highly recommend you check it out, I really loved the side of cactus and it helped with the consistency of the tacos! Ask for sour cream on the side to get it well rounded if you want!Legitimate. 
Best tacos I've had since living in LA. Hole in the wall shop but super authentic, flavorful, and portions are extremely generous. At first I didn't think I would be full off of 3 tacos. But man, these tacos are filled to the brim with meat! They're huge compared to other tacos I've had. We liked the Al Pastor best. But everything we tried (Asada & Lengua) was delicious. No frills, just flavor!This is the current best tacos in Philadelphia in my opinion.  I'm talking about the lamb tacos, of course, though it is dependant on what day of the week you go.  You really want to get the lamb while it's fresh.  Along with your three taco's you will receive just one small container of the delicious salsa, though.  In any other taco shop, you'd get bowls of salsa if you eat in - not so here.  They do make up for it a great deal with nopales and seared green onions thrown onto your taco platter.  The nopales are particularly awesome- they're mixed with some adobo and scotch bonnet chiles.  If you're not into lamb, there are the usual taco shop options like suadero, carne enchilada and al pastor, but I've found these other offerings to be merely on par with the other taco shops in the area.
tl;dr get lamb tacos here on or close to the weekend... if you want another kind of taco, you're probably better off with Tamalex on 7th and Federal, or Los Gallos on 10th and Wolf.Decent price for tacos, burritos, quesadilla! Opens till 5 am so it never disappoints when Im craving for tacos late at night! Al pastor and carne asada taco is my personal favorite! It comes with salsa verde, lime, cactus, green onion bulbs, and radishes! 
Lately, this place have been getting a lot of buzz and it is a definitely a must try. A hidden gem it is! Minis one star because I feel like it is a bit unsanitary when you go inside, but if you put all of that aside, the food is delicious! 
Forgot to mention, but they have awesome drinks!!!
Ask beforehand cause sometimes they run out! Horchata and melon is my favorite. I've tried pineapple, mango and another drink that has plum in it. All are yummy! $5 for a huge jug of it too! Worth. It.Far and away the best tacos in Philly! I should know, I came here after we ROCKED A.C. with Everclear, Lit, Marcy Playground, and the Gin Blossoms. Art said he would buy me a new life, but I told him I'd pay for the chorizo!!!1!!!
I don't care if you're content with Taco Bell, I don't wanna hear about your favorite gastropub's lamb tacos -- these are the real deal. Know how I know? I asked Super Cat, from our hit single "Fly", and he agreed. And he hablo espanol, hombre!!!!1!!!
Long story short - I stopped at Prima Pizza en route to Show n Tel. Those girls are crazy!As a rule of thumb, If a Mexican restaurant has a ton of "non-Mexicans" eating there, it is either not authentic, the food is actually really bad, most likely overpriced and "spicy" items are never spicy. 
Having said that, this place is probably the first spot I have been to that actually has great tasting Mexican tacos, and of-course no authentic latin restaurant is complete without actual Mexican customers... 
My only gripe is that the carne asada tacos should be cooked medium rare instead of well done, but still good nonetheless.Seriously the best tacos you can get in south philly. Just so well put together everything is so fresh and the peppers are so great especially if you like spicy stuff. My favCheap authentic tacos. Open 24/7!!!!
Been here a few times, tried their el pastor and lengua tacos, wanted to try the shrimpbut either they don't do them anymore or they were out? (Not sure) 
Lengua tacos were SOOOO GOOD. Not overcooked so it was soft and juicy. El pastor had a lot of flavor. 
Couldn't/wouldn't eat the pepper if you can't handle spice though...boyfriend took a bite and didn't talk for the next half hourGo here knowing what you're getting into, and you won't be disappointed. 
It's a cramped, barely-clean-enough, authentic Mexican hole in the wall that will serve you burritos and tacos until 5am on the weekend. 
Expect a minimum 20-minute wait for most things, even when it's not busy. If possible, call ahead and have patience when they put you on hold or accidentally hang up 3 times in a row. If you opt to wait inside, you can grab a beer from the corner store and bring it back to sip as you watch Spanish-language Michael Bay movies on a small TV with very poor reception. 
It'll all be worth it once you're shoving your face into a delicious chicken burrito or a veggie burrito that comes stuffed with a generous ball of Oaxaca cheese.Best place for authentic Veracruz food. My family's favorite spot for Mexican food. Anything Al Pastor is great.Best tacos I've ever had in philly, the real deal Mexican street tacos very generous with portions , open super late what more could you want just go there  try the tacos for yourself and stop reading these reviews you will thank me later ....... ;)Authentic, greasy, reasonably priced, and satisfying. It's a South Philly treat. Try the tacos al pastor. The burritos are underwhelming.Take it from someone born in Mexico these tacos are amazing, and now they're serving champurado for the winter 10/10. It's worth taking the 30 mins on septa to get here. The staff is super friendly not much seating space in the actual place, but they own the store next door so you can sit there too.Stumbled upon this little place looking for late night eats! Says till 4pm online, but its actually till 4am daily.
It is a place where no one would think twice of going in. The neighboring stores are all closed so it looks a little shady. Barely any seating. The kitchen takes up most of the place with the delicious smells reaching your nose as you step inside. 
Ordered Al Pastor tacos (spicy marinated pork with pineapple) and Tinga De Pollo (shredded chicken). Each order comes with 3 street-food-sized soft tacos with meat filled to the brim, topped with finely cut onions & cilantro. Also, every dish has a side of fried cactus (surprisingly tasty for a first timer like me!), fried large shallots, and a fried green pepper. The entire plate was full of food just for $8!!!
The chicken tacos were okay- slightly on the bland side, but after having a bite of the Al Pastor, we had an obvious winner! They were ah-mazing! Every bite had juicy spiced meat combined with the slight sweetness of fried pineapple. I was super stuffed by the 2nd taco!
All in all, a great experience! Already adding this taco joint to my list of top late night places. Will be back for some more of that Al Pastor!The real question is, why aren't there more taqueria/pizzerias?
This is the perfect example of what I was talking about in my review of La Lupe. There are much better Mexican places in S Philly which are cheap and quick -- DON'T STICK WITH LA LUPE JUST BECAUSE ALL THE OTHER GRINGOS ARE DOING IT!
Prima Pizza serves up simple, perfect tacos and tamales in about one minute flat. There's room for about four people to eat there at one time; I prefer to take my tamales home -- wrapped in those dried corn husks, they'll stay warm for a while (and you won't lose any flavor or texture by popping them in the microwave). 
I haven't tried the pizza.Our second time going to this place me and my husband love coming here ! Food and service is great! If you in the mood for some Mexican food this is the place to go!Jon L, ya beat me to it, though I'm not surprised.
I've only recently starting yelping which is a pity because in all the time this place has been open, it's only gotten two reviews, mine and Mr L's.
Prima is unassuming. I often forget the name. I had to look it up on Googlemaps to be sure it was the right place, but it is.
For under $6, you can get two freshly grilled pork chops, a stack of tortillas beans, rice, grilled veggies, and a feeling that all is right with the world. "Taco, taco, taco!" you'll scream, finishing your meal with a well-deserved belch (it shows appreciation in some cultures). 
Prima is like someone took a chunk of Guadalajara and dropped it in the middle of South Philly. This is the most authentic and delicious Mexican food you can get in this area and the full array of Mexican sodas to wash it down with is tantalizing.
The only problem is lack of seating: this is definitely more a take-out joint. There's no where to sit. There's a window diner, but only four stools, so it's cramped. 
Prima! Please! Find some way to expand! You need a dining room!My favorite taqueria in the city. I recommend the burrito al pastor. The well seasoned rice and cheese that they use (i believe its Oaxaca) really take things to the next level. Pineapple is not overwhelming and the flavor is more savory with a nice subtle sweetness. Go.You know that this place is good when you finish your order of three generously stuffed tacos, contemplate getting another order but don't get it for fear of being too gluttonous, only to wake up the next day thinking about those tacos and how you can make it to Italian market to eat them for lunch.
The food is seriously amazing here. I got the chicken, al pastor, and carne asada tacos with onions and cilantro. When I ordered in my rusty Spanish, I was expecting one taco for each meat, but due to said rusty Spanish, I got three tacos with all three meats inside each one. Not what I was expecting, but a total win nonetheless. 
Definitely give their smoky and spicy red salsa a try, but I found the meats themselves to be plenty flavorful on their own.
This place is really easy to miss if you're walking by, so pay attention! The husband and wife team are hard at work in their tiny kitchen.
Next time, I'm going to ask for their paper menu because supposedly it has a lot more options than the menu that's on the wall. Then again, their tacos are so delicious, I don't know if I'll be able to try anything else. I've been on the search for the best tacos in Philly, and I think I may have found them.The tacos and burritos here are delicious!  Some of the best Mexican food in the city and there is a lot of competition in the neighborhood.  I love that it's open late night.Pretty authentic but I've had better.
We had the carne asada (steak) and pollo (chicken) taco platters. Although the steak was pretty dry and the cacti turned me off, the chicken was juicy, the onion was tasty, and the peppers were varied. Each taco also came wrapped in two corn tortillas, which were some of the better tortillas I've had. Ultimately, the real winner of these dishes was how well everything came together. However, I'm not sure if I can get over the cacti-steak atrocities.  
Make sure you ask for a Horchata, a cold milk-based drink with a great cinnamon taste. It's a little heavy but well worth trying.  
Finally, if you're into banda music like I am, look no further. Prima Pizza Taqueria Mexicana plays some awesome banda music videos that will enamor you.Maybe I should have gone with the tacos. Maybe most of the people who reviewed this place are the drunk munchies people. I don't know. What I do know is that this place is small, horchata costs $5, and the burritos are awful. I felt very sketchy about this place from the jump. Just a gut feeling. Honestly one of the worst burritos I've ever had. This thing was PACKED with rice. I got an al pastor burrito and I found myself asking "where's the meat"? The one redeeming thing was the chipotle sauce that came with it. Not too long after eating this, I got violently sick and I suspect that this was the culprit. I'm all about second chances and would be willing to try the tacos even after spending a lot of time with pepto and the toilet... just not the burrito.I'll keep it simple: this is a hole in the wall with lick-your-fingers-good Mexican street food, into the wee hours.  Love the nopales and grilled green onion you get with your tacos.  Yum, yum, yum.Very traditional style: you get your nopalito
and chile with you taco. I got Al pastor and they were pretty good. If you are down for authentic Mexican, the this is your spot.Delcious, cheap tacos. One of the best carnes asada tacos I've hadI could live off the tacos here. The staff is really friendly and the food is out of this world. Bonus points for being open late for after drinks snacking!First, trash can is outside.  That's important. 
Two, there's space next door to sit and eat.  You don't have to sit in cramp space where the kitchen is. 
That said, tacos were excellent.  The cook was very friendly.  Piping hot when I got them!  With soda it was $10.  Very reasonable and I couldn't eat it all. 
Good spot to eat before seeing bands at Connies.   I would definitely eat here again.My go to taco place. Be it after work or at 3am after drinking. It always hit the spot. The Al Pastro tacos have become my all time favorite!Best authentic tacos I've ever had! We ordered the carne asada and carnitas tacos, and we're blown away. I had read about how good they are and hoped they lived up to the hype... and they did. Perfection. The carnitas were good, but the carne asada were pure GOLD. And the onions, peppers and cactus they serve on the side... WOAH. This will be a staple for us to visit every time we come home to Philly. Sad we waited so long to try them!This is the best place in south Philly for Mexican food. The real deal Mexican food. The Carne asada taco is my favorite and the tamales are delicious. Oh and the salsa verde is amazing. Authentic good food!It's nice to be able to get done my bar job around 3AM and still be able to get probably the best tacos in the city. Open late, Inexpensive, So Authentic. Tacos & Burritos can be made vegan by ordering vegetable without sour cream and cheese. I don't usually get the Vegan burrito because it can have an overwhelming amount of rice, however, the vegan tacos are game changing. Supplied with Pico de Gallo, Avocado Slices, and a whole roasted Jalapeño and roasted onions on the side. Three tacos to an order (as should be standard) for $9 is the deal of lifetime (at 3:30 am). 
This cash only Jawn has a team of employees that are loyal to supplying a nurturing, satiating, love inducing meal to every customer, even if they don't know it. 
10/10You really get the bang for your buck with great prices and very filling platters. So glad I found out about this place. Tacos are so good.I've been all over their menu and I love each and every thing I've ordered.
What I'm really fixed on is their cactus.  It's briney and spicey, just good.  
I love their tongue tacos best and their tamales.
Worth the visit.So authentic! Hands down the best tacos I have ever had in philly by far! Amazing portion sizes too! So much for under $10 and they're open till 3:45 am. Can't beat that!I moved to the Italian Market a month ago and finally got around to trying these tacos after being recommended to go several times and it did not disappoint. Let me start off by saying that I'm not a huge fan of corn tortillas, so I generally don't get that excited for tacos like these, but I changed my tune quickly after coming here. I got tacos al pastor and holy hell they were good. The pork gets all crispy on the grill and it's a little sweet from the pineapple and there's red juice running everywhere. The tortillas are warm and soft and actually soak up all that juice nicely. Just go, they're excellent tacos.Oh my goodness!!! This place has the BEST tacos I've ever had in my life! The food is so delicious and it is super authentic. I always order the beef tongue and chorizo tacos! The meat literally melts in your mouth and each taco is so flavorful. The place may look a little sketchy to some people but please don't let that fool you! 10/10 would recommend this restaurant to anyone!This place stands as one of my favorite Mexican places overall in the city and the value for your money here is a big plus. If it's a late night, Prima Pizza goes even higher up on my list as one of my favorite late night spots in Philadelphia, this place is absolutely delicious. 
I typically go for the Al Pastor cemitas and man are they delicious. Everything is made fresh to order here, and you really can't go wrong with anything on the menu here. Seating is a bit limited, but in the summer time there is a couple of outdoor seats as well.
Insider tip -- order the horchata. It comes in a huge plastic soup container and is absolutely delicious.
Would recommend this place for anyone in the mood for some great Mexican flavors in a no frills restaurant that's completely focused on serving some awesome food.I blame the name for the measly 61 review. Either 'pizza' in Spanish means taco and I wasn't aware, or the name of this place makes no sense. 
Either way, these are the (start bold, italicized, underlined, and highlighted font) best tacos I have had in Philadelphia. Really great flavors, wonderful spice (depending on what you get), and seemingly authentic. Totally judging the book by the cover you may notice that a majority of people in the restaurant are speaking Spanish, rerun futbol matches are on the tv, and there's no squid ink and soft shell crab tempura BS. All good signs. 
Al pastor is a safe bet, really good. Good anytime of the day, but really dynamite after 2am. 
Oh yeah, they're open late. Maybe to 4, maybe 5, maybe 24hrs. I dunno, but safe bet is if your up, they're making tacos.This place came highly recommended. I would say the quality was pretty average. I had carne asada tacos. Flavor is ok. But not great. Place is incredibly dirty though. I'm not that precious and can eat in a run down hole quite happily. This place really seemed like a health code violation though. No napkins. A separate room for dining from where you order. All tables where covered in filth when I went. Like no one had cleaned all day. I've seen cleaner bathrooms in factories. I'm happy to say I did not get sick after coming here. But I would not return.My go to late night spot since moving to south philly. Never disappointed. This place is open and delivering until 5 am most nights and the food is always fresh and delicious. Their chorizo torta is honestly one of the best sandwiches I've ever had. Seriously though.... Try that.By far my favorite Mexican restaurant ... I loveeeeee their campechanos tacos and their green sauce ... 
Love their fresh homemade juices - the melon one (amazing) but wish they had it all the time but they don't :( but still my favorite late night spot ...My boyfriend convinced me to walk in to Prima Pizza the other day when we were looking for a quick bite in the Italian Market. I was hesitant at first, even a little scared, but the second we walked in and smelled the enticing aromas coming from the kitchen, I changed my mind. 
They were out of some of the tacos we wanted to try (head cheese and carne enchilada) but we ordered tacos al pastor and shredded chicken. 
When they came out, they were stuffed full and topped with a generous sprinkling of fresh chopped cilantro and onion. The quality and taste was about on par with El Jarocho, which is one of my South Philly faves. 
The tacos al pastor were excellent, but the shredded chicken are the ones I will go back for-- the chicken was in a light tomato sauce and was juicy and flavorful. They give you a roasted chipotle sauce with the tacos, also really tasty. 
All in all, a really good and inexpensive lunch place. The decor does leave something to be desired, and there is no room for groups. There have to be four tables in the place, and only one of them seats four people. So, I wouldn't go expecting a nice lunch/dinner/late night snack out. It's just a perfect place to grab a cheap, good, home made food in a simple setting.So I'm a transplant from Oregon and my Taqueria expectations are high af! This spot is hits the spot every time. Now they are a little spendy for tacos but everything is more expensive here. That being said they're still cheaper than most spots. I am a traditionalist and get carne asada tacos whenever I eat at a taqueria. They're on point every time. 3 tacos stuffed to the max with mostly meat, and traditional toppings of cilantro,onion and salsa & lime on the side for $9. I always end up taking a taco home because I'm too full. My daughter is 16 months and she loves their rice and beans, as do I. Love thisGo-ers of Pat's, Geno's, Jim's, MLW, Lorenzo's, etc. I introduce to you the new hotspot for late night, post alcoholic foodery, La Prima! Open until 4 a.m. (maybe 5?), they serve some of the best tacos and burritos in the city until way past your bedtime.While people stand in lines at barbacoa, Prima Pizza (which is not a pizza shop) is the undisputed GOAT for S Philly Mexican. 
They also have an entire building for seating next door.