I think it is extremely cute inside and cute setup. Very good for the gram. However, if you want to come here for good dessert and tea. I wouldnt recommend it. The dessert does not live up to the hype. Def not a good high tea experience. Super loud. Terrible service. Server didnt even know what she was bringing out to us. Wouldn't go back for high tea experience. Would go for the gramGreat place! Everything is beautiful and food is delicious, the tea was so good! 
Why 3 stars? Unfortunately 2 things has ruined the whole experience for me! The waitress was standing in front of us "watching " us the entire time!!! So uncomfortable, creepy, weird whatever you wanna call it! Definitely I couldn't enjoy! 
Another thing about the same girl is her clothes smell!! Rotten smell just like if her clothes weren't dry properly before wearing or something it was very very unpleasant again ruined my experience!
I'd definitely come again for another chance hopefully these issues will be solved because it is great place.When we first entered this tea house, my boyfriend's face made a baby quite upset; however, the soothing ambiance of this tea house was able to calm them both down. We ordered the rose milk tea and it was absolutely incredible! The green tea crepe cake was a sweet complement to the tea. Highly recommend this place!!I'm glad I was able to try this place so close to home after only ever seeing one in New York. The girls at the front desk are very attentive! As soon as we walked in from the chilly night air, we were greeted by the warmth of the nicely, decorated room. We ordered matcha and lavender hot milk tea, green tea crepe cake and tiramisu. The hot milk teas were served in matching tea pot and cup and kept on top of lit flame. The green tea crepe cake was served on a standard plate and the tiramisu was serve in a glass jar. Both cakes were super moist and not overly sweet and goes well with the teas. You can even custom the level of sweetness in tea and if you are sharing with more than one person, they provide a sugar jar to add on your own. Overall, a very good experience and I would come again!What exquisite dessert options! While on the more pricey side, their desserts are beautifully designed with an equally extravagant menu and interior set up. Between the fruit toast and the dessert trio that I had shared with my friends, they compose neat desserts that spell out the definition of decorative. Tucked away in a corner of Chinatown, I would come back around for the occasional splurge on my dessert cravings!This was one of my favorite dessert places in NYC so I'm really glad they came to philly! I highly recommend the dessert toast and all of their potted teas. My cousin ordered the matcha mille crepe which was also delicious. Will definitely be back!Really cute tea house. Good selection of teas and cakes. Bit on the pricy side but overall good.Tea please? YES! I am so thrilled that this boujee place opened up. We came here on a Saturday night after dinner looking for some good desserts. Although the place was busy, we got seated right away for a party of four. We ordered a few drinks such as brewed tea, jasmine green tea foam milk tea, rose potted tea. As for dessert, we got the combination in which you get to pick three from a limited list. Although the portions were small for the combination, it was so worth trying some of these goodies such as the creme brulee, the icecream sandwich, etc. The one thing is that I was disappointed in my drink as it tasted more like milk than tea. Probably will be returning to try the other desserts!It was a good experience. My friend and I ordered the fruit toast, trio sample set and the mango crepe cake. 
For the trio sample set, I chose the eclair, fruit tart and green tea financier. The desserts were small which was upsetting but it tasted good.
The fruit toast and mango crepe cake were delicious.Finally, a tea house in Philadelphia! This place was so cute so for all you instagram people, this is for you! Awesome place for big groups as well! Everything is under $9 from food to drinks. The waitresses and hostess were so polite and informative! Definitely will be coming back with my friends!Came on a slow Tuesday evening and  had a decent time! The waitress was attentive (kindve a bit too attentive, hovering around the table) but she was sweet. The desserts were delicious and I highly recommend the green tea financiers. The tea in the teapot isn't really worth the money but the lavendar milk tea is delicious!I impress the tea and also cake in this place, because of the cakes are delicious it is not too sweet, and the tea is very good too. I will come back again if I have a time.I found out about this place from a friend of mines and I knew I had to come check it out. Upon seeing the place from the outside, it looked so pretty and modern and after entering, it had a slight victorian vibe. The menu had a lot of different teas to offer, from asian to european, although it mainly focused on the asian teas. I admire how patient our server, Peng, was since I asked many questions about the menu. I decided to go for a hot fruity tea (prince fruits paradise) since our server recommended it to me. He came out with such a cute display of the tea. I really enjoyed the tea and didn't even have to add more sugar because the sweetness was already perfect as it is. I definitely recommend the tea and the desserts they have! I appreciate this cute addition and so you should try it out if you are in chinatown!Came here twice already and finally had the chance to review. The atmosphere is amazing and this place is a franchise of the one in NY, in which I heard many good things but never had the chance to try since the line for the NY one is always so long. The first time I was here me and my SO share a green tea Mille crepe cake and a potted jasmine green milk tea. The jasmine green milk tea was not too sweet but when you mix it with the foam that's on top the flavor was just right. The texture of the green tea cake melted in your mouth. I had crepe cakes from other places such as lady m, but for what you can get in this location, prince tea house have the best one. With my second visit, we order the hot pot of earl gray milk tea and a molten lava cake and a mango crepe cake. The mango crepe cake was good, even tho the mango was not sweet the cake balanced it out. The earl gray milk tea was nice, I love how there it had a candle on the bottom for the tea to remain hot. So mixing it with the cold one left in the cup made the temperature just right. Lastly the molten lava cake cake with ice cream and we replace vanilla with chocolate. The cake was very rich, but I believe they heated a little bit too long since when it came out the molten inside already bursted, but it's okay because the presentation and flavor was still niceFirst time here! Peng, our server, was very kind and has nice hair. He was really patient since we asked a lot of questions The food is also good.This is a super cute place for a date! Quiet atmosphere and really quaint. Lots of options for dessert and tea. This is a chain from New York. They just opened four days ago. Worth giving a try if you are in the area!This place is so cute and the servers are friendly! There's a variety of desserts and they actually taste as good as they look. We got the yam mill crepe cake and potted rose milk tea! Worth checking out!This place is a gem! Communal pots of wonderfully aromatic hot tea over little flame warmers, creative sweets, and an atmosphere that is both chic and inviting. I will definitely be back whenever friends are in town!This is my first time coming here and the tea and desserts are fantastic. The servers treat you with so much care. The design of the tea cups are so cute too! This would be my favorite go to place from now on.The tea here is so tasty! This is my second visit at Prince Tea House and both time I had to get the Rose Milk Tea. The ambiance is peaceful and the decor inside is thoughtful! The only thing  I was not a big fan of was the desserts. Both times, the desserts I ordered were subpar. If you stick to the tea's though, I am sure you will enjoy your visit.Super cute and soothing atmosphere. Food was decent too. Great place to come on a date or with friends for talk over tea with a mellow soundtrack and comfy chairs. Got the hot milk tea that comes in a teapot, very cute but even at 30 a little too sweet for me. The matcha creme brulee was super tasty. Good service.The soufflé and tea was delicious. Great place for a date! We went here after going to the ramen shop across the street.Great place great service came here late at night during a week with a friend amazing milk jasmine tea presentation was exceptional the flavor was fresh !Love this place. It's beautiful, calm and relaxing. Service was amazing, very attentive. Good variety of tea to try. The tea pot is enough to share, I'd say good enough for two people. The desserts were delicious.Perfect place to catch up with a group of friends with multiple seating areas. The interior design gives off a cute Hong Kong/British floral vibe where you automatically feel fancier just sitting in the booths. Attentive service and fast service. Menu has a good mix of teas to please everyone from your tea expert connoisseur to your matcha latte loving friends. Also includes a wide range of Asian desserts and appetizers/plates to share. 
We ordered the mango and durian milles crepe the first time there. Both were delicious with evenly stacked and thin crepe layers. The stench of the durian milles crepe is not for everyone but for durian lovers, it is spot on in terms of taste profile and creamy texture! Drink wise, the hot matcha latte was my favorite, being both thick and earthy with quality grade matcha.
Bathroom for customers; accepts card with minimum $15 purchaseAs soon as we stepped on this tea house it felt like we stepped into an elegant tea house. The staff greeted us with a big smile snd they were really nice. The menu has a lot of options so took us a while to decide what we wanted. We got the green milk tea, the potted mango cold drink and the combo dessert. Everything tasted really good snd was very impressed by the service. Will definitely be back to try other teas.This is one of the best elegant tea houses in Chinatown. The cakes were amazing. We had the durian crepe cake, green tea crepe cake, and the molten lava cake. The flavors were astonishing and very bursting with flavors. The decors of the place helped with the ambience and vibe; it was very sensual and extravagant. It makes you feel comfortable yet classy. 
The servers were very welcoming and kind. They took the time to satisfy our needs. They were very patient as this was our first time. Highly recommend and will come back!Lovely attentive service, with a very extensive tea menu, and too many desserts to choose just one, great date spot open till 1am, or a place that's great for a girls afternoon.Nicely decorated and the cakes are delicious 
The Taiwanese fried chicken was also our favorite 
Big tea menu made us want to try every selection 
Would definitely go back !awsome place to have cake n tea. Really enjoy this place and definitely will come back next timeHad the rooibos tea and the tofu cheese cake. I wasn't the biggest fan of the rooibos tea because it tasted too flowery. But that's just my preference. The tofu cheesecake was... interesting. I went in not knowing  what to expect and it was surprising. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't good either. I couldn't figure out if I liked it or not. The initial taste was interesting and didn't taste like cheesecake or tofu. The cheesecake taste did come towards the end of the bite but it was slight. I'm sure some people will like it and others won't . It's definitely an interesting taste. But overall I did like the experience and the aesthetics of the place. The staff was also very nice and willing to help. I will come again to see if the other teas and desserts better suits my taste. This is a soft opening so I'm sure there will be things to improve.Probably my new favorite place for tea time! This place is the newest place to check out and I highly recommend. It is decorated beautifully with elegant chandeliers and clean decor. They played soft music in the background, further adding to the soothing ambiance. 
The wait staff was very attentive so we were able to order quickly after we decided what we wanted.
We ordered a jasmine green tea, which was perfect since it was quite chilly that day. My mom has high standards for teas and this one passes the mark! We also ordered the Trio with Black Sesame Creme brûlée, Green tea fancier, and the Fruit Tart. 
The black sesame creme brûlée was DELISH. Not too sweet but strong black sesame flAvor - definitely interesting and unique.  
Green Tea Fancier was great! Reminiscent of a green tea muffin, which a slightly crisp muffin top but soft pillowy inside. 
Fruit tart wasn't too sweet. The cream didn't have too much flavor and acted more as a vessel to highlight the fruit. It was good but nothing to put in the books. 
We also ordered the purple yam soufflé, which was incredibly moist, making it taste like a yam but in muffin form. The ice cream added just the right amount of sweetness and added sharp juxtaposition between the soufflé in the hot ramekin and the cold ice cream.First time here and had a really nice time! Tried the Trio combo and would highly recommend the green tea financier and the goma creme brûlée but the eclair and caramel crepe cake was delicious too. Plus they serve milk tea in a pot! Would come againExcellent service and tea! I has the fruit tea and it was delicately sweet and delicious. I also has the coconut panna cotta which was really good as well. I highly recommend you come here to give it a try.Prince Tea House is an adorable little addition to Chinatown that I actually just randomly stumbled upon! It's relatively new I believe, and they serve adorable desserts, and lots of different tea and smoothie options.  They also have food, but I have to admit I kind of skipped over all of it because I was on a mission that night to just have dessert! The food looked pretty good though, and they seem to have a lot of options.
When I was there, I got the purple yam soufflé, caramel mille crepe, and a mango milk foam smoothie.  They unfortunately were out of milk foam though when I ordered it though, which is too bad because that could have been a really nice element to the smoothie. Overall it was really great, fresh tasting and not too sweet with still a bit of milky flavor despite not having milk foam topping.  The purple yam soufflé was so interesting - it came out nice and hot but not as fluffy as a soufflé could get, but overall still great in flavor and texture. The ice cream they served it with was super delicious and creamy.
I think the biggest disappointment was the caramel mille crepe - the cream in between had a really oily mouth-feel and definitely left a coating in your mouth because of it.  I've had better mille crepes elsewhere, and I hope that they perhaps improve their recipe later.
Overall though I liked my time here, I was impressed by their menu selection and the ambiance can't be beat. It's just absolutely adorable inside. I would take friends here again and just in general try more on their menu and get tea here next time too! It's a solid bet for dessert, but just skip the mille crepes.What a neat little place.
It's a really nice place to just hang out and chat with friends. We had a party of 7 people and each tea pot is about $8, which offers one about 10-12 cups of tea. It's quite cheap if you share a pot of tea. 
In addition, I tried the green tea mille crepe that had a strong green tea flavor. It was very pleasant with around 20 layers to it. 
A good place to come with a bunch of friends, so you can try a bunch of things on their menu!Perfect spot date! Sooooo happy that there is one closer to us! Peng is so sweet!  everything here is goood! Love love love it!This is probably my new favorite (bubble) tea place on the east coast. They offer such a wide variety of hot teas, cold teas, milk teas, fruit teas...you name it! It was sooo hard to decide what I want. They also offer a nice selection of desserts to pair with your drink. Here, I decided to try their rose potted milk tea and green tea brûlée. My boyfriend wanted a good ol' classic oolong tea. He loved how strong his tea was. For me, I thoroughly loved the flavor and aesthetics of my rose potted milk tea. The green tea brûlée was also nicely made. Love the crisp on top and the green tea flavor was perfect; not too overly sweet but strong. Lastly, the vibes of this shop is super cute and chill. Some people were working on stuff here or was chilling with friends. The cafe was also very cutely decorated and great for pictures. Overall, will definitely come back when I'm in the area!Prince Tea House offers a wide variety of teas and desserts, all at pretty reasonable prices. Their hot teas are served in pretty tea sets and one pot is definitely enough to share. Their desserts range from basic to adventurous with everything in between so everyone in your group can enjoy something that suits them. I recommend the durian mille crepe cake if you're more adventurous like I am! 
For service, this location doesn't quite meet the same expectations as their location in Flushing. The staff here seem less attentive or perhaps just understaffed and stretched too thin. I would recommend coming during non-peak hours for the most pleasant experience here.Spilling some gossip tea at this fancy tea place. Gorgeous vibes and food. Food was very delicious and pleasant, compliments the various teas to the tee . Staff were very friendly and the setting is like the perfect meeting spot. Like a rated G sex in the city.Very aesthetically nice place with great desserts. So happy they opened on in Philly. Love the Prince Tea House in New York.Please put this place on your calendar now if you are looking for a cozy and thoughtfully decorated tea house to... 
1. Enjoy a delicious cup or pot of hot English milk tea with your best friends... 
2. Try DURIAN-flavored pastry for the first (or the 100th) time... definitely get the mille crepes cake (It's rich and creamy but not too sweet). 
3. Share a glass of "summer passion" with your date and tell him/her about the trip that you must take together to Taiwan/Asia (imagine that scene from the beginning of Crazy Rich Asians when Nick invites Rachel to go to Singapore with him). Everything about this shop (including the menu itself) reminds me of cute coffee places tucked away in Taipei. 
Hope that you enjoy it as much as my friends and I did!! (We also went on a Friday night around 10 pm. It was pleasantly crowded but still quiet enough to chat/relax.Fruit mill cake - fresh, fluffy, well layered cake with refreshing fruits between layers.
Mango yogurt smoothie - refreshing smoothie with a few small pieces of mangoes on top of the foamIt's a nice place to chill and kick back. They open until 1am so it's a good spot to hang out with friends.We came here just looking for a non-bar that would be open past 10pm, and it ended up being great. The atmosphere was really nice - it's a cute, laid back, tea house vibe.
When we ordered our desserts, we were told that the fruit toast would take 10-15 additional minutes, and we were okay with that. After about 20 minutes, they came over asking if everything was okay, and it turned out that the waitress had forgotten to put the order in for that item despite bringing us the other things we ordered. Not the end of the world, but it just ended up taking much longer than we expected. Both desserts were pretty good, and I'd likely go here again. Probably would've given them four stars if they didn't forget to put part of the order in.This place is absolutely to die for cute!!! So glad it has come to Philly! The space itself is adorable and well decorated. The piano music adds to the quaint and cozy atmosphere. The staff is also friendly and eager to give suggestions. I tried the trio dessert, a house matcha milk tea (hot), and lavender green potted plant milk foam tea (cold). Everything was delicious and looked like art. You get a good bang for you buck with a full pot of hot tea. The tea sets are lovely. Would be a great spot for a small party or celebration! I will certainly be back!This is not your average bubble tea shop but the only tea shop in Philadelphia. The vibe and atmosphere of this place is very pleasant. They offer a wide variety of tea to select from along with desserts. I got the jasmine green tea along with the durian crepe and tiramisu. Everything was fantastic and the customer service was very friendly and helpful. Will definitely come again!This place is absolutely to die for cute!!! So glad it has come to Philly! The space itself is adorable and well decorated. The piano music adds to the comfortable and cozy atmosphere. The staff is also friendly and eager to give suggestions. I tried the trio dessert, a matcha milk tea (hot), and lavender green milk  tea (cold). Everything was delicious and looked like art. The tea pieces are lovely. Would be a great spot for a small party or celebration! I will certainly be back!Cute and bright tea and dessert place in Philadelphia! We tried a few desserts and coffee .. everything was good! The seats were plush and comfortable, the tables were big, the place was pretty spacious. The decor was super cute from the lighting to the wall art.I came here Saturday afternoon at 3pm as a group of 5. There were a couple of empty seats available and they were able to seat us in the back with a larger booth. We ordered the potted rose green tea, lavender green milk tea, matcha crepe cake, fresh fruit yogurt mango smoothie, and some appetizers. The milk foam in several of the drinks are all the same- thick, foamy, but also salty. The saltiness in the milk foam mixed really well with the sweetness of the drinks and had a nice balance of taste. The yogurt mango smoothie also has the milk foam on top and it's a super thick smoothie with small mango chunks on top. I really loved the potted rose green tea. I ordered it 30% sweetness which was perfect because it wasn't too sweet and the milk foam and cookie crumbles on top adds to the flavor. The lavender green milk tea was also absolutely delicious- you could really taste both teas in this.Adorable atmosphere with great service! The caramel Mille crepe cake was delicious and not overwhelmingly sweet. There is an extensive list of green, black, white and oolong teas to pick from with subtle floral, fruity, and citrus flavors. It is a great dessert place with a wider selection of desserts. I'm excited to come back and try more desserts! Looking to tackle the fruit toast next.The environment is very cute and relaxing. The desserts are delicious and the tea is exquisite. 10/10 would recommend!!The best dessert place I ever had. I had a good date in PA. It was the last dessert before I left the city, too.ALL THREE FOOD ITEMS ARE MUST TRYS! I also liked the innovative ordering system they have where we just directly select our food on an app without having the waiters to come to take orders. I like how this way gives the customers more time to make order without having the pressure of ordering with a waiter there.My friend and I visited recently and it is easily now my favorite place in all of Philadelphia. It is very clean and classy with chandeliers and plant decor. We got a booth and a chair table, but we noticed other larger groups had enough space to huddle comfortably around a full table. Our waitress was very patient and quickly showed us to a table. She even recommended their most popular drinks when we were having trouble choosing. Very very attentive staff. 
The menu features many types of teas (hot/cold) where you could also adjust sugar levels. They have fruity teas, milk teas, and healthy teas. The dessert selection was also very diverse, but cakes dominated it. We didn't order this, but there were also small meal options, like sandwiches.
Presentation was lovely! The teapot and matching set were very delicately ornate, though a little heavy to lift. The teapot sat upon a candle-lit warmer. Everything was plated like art.
We ordered the Tropical Oolong tea (guava, passion fruit, mango) and a Chocolate Raspberry Sorbet to share. A pot shared between two friends was definitely the perfect amount. We had about 3-4 cups each and it was very light/fruity. It came with a sugar pot. The sorbet was very fruity and the mousse was rich, all pierced by few pocky pieces. (Note: The chocolate cup is dark chocolate. Ask for a knife to cut it because it was cold and a little thick, but very delicious.) It sat on a plate over mango syrup with fruit chunks and whipped cream on the side. It wasn't too sweet (a good thing!) and the whole dessert was a very nice accompaniment to the tea. 
It is a little pricey, but very worth the time and memory made. We took a lot of pictures and enjoyed everything. We want to come back with other friends next time. :)My "13" year old and I had a AMAZING time at Prince Tea House! The aesthetics were beautiful!Princess-y tea house hopefully find a prince here someday. We ordered a desserts trio and everything is very petite. I think if they make original creme brûlé would be better. The cranberry brûlé unnecessarily reminds me of thanksgiving. Tea was pretty good tho (I ordered milk foam peach green tea)We came across to this place after having dinner and really didnt expect much. The tea house just oppened today ago so its brand new. The fruit tea we got was good and cafeinne free so it was good for late night tea. The green tea millie cake was probably the best we've tasted in Philly. I will definitely come back for more!I've tried PTH the original from Flushing way back when it just came out. It's definitely a niche, a great tea place people can come to hang out talk and it smells nice and aromatic and relaxing. Everything is clean and the tea and desserts are always spot on delicious. We came to PTH Sunday and definitely was packed with folks so a good sign. Tried the green tea creme Brûlée, Mille crepe cake, white tea and a fruit tea. The tiny cups are always cute, teas were definitely spot on fantastic like at the original. My only main issue is the price and lack of refills. It would've been nice to have gotten some hot water refill and tea leaves. For like $7-$10 a tea pot, you can easily be spending a bunch of money on tea. PTH even back in the flushing days is more a once in a long time occasional place. You go for the experience but I'm glad there is one now in Philly it definitely brings more folks out to the further outside parts of Chinatown. Recommend coming in groups don't go by yourself if you can.This is the best any place can be. Breakfast and lunch here are the best. Great ambiance and exellent service. Forget the rest.This place is so beautiful. The ambiance is so nice feels like you are sitting at a fancy tea place. We had the white tea and it was amazing. I also got the rose milk foam tea and it was really nice. The fruit toast could use a little more condensed milk on it but it was nice and buttery. The staff is so nice. Also the bathroom is sparkling clean which is always a plus. Definitely recommend!This place is unexpectedly delightful! The store has a beautiful decor with a friendly and welcoming atmosphere for everyone. It was nice to sit down, chill with couple, friends or family. The most importantly they have GREAT desserts and drinks. The tea pot served gorgeous and their food dishes is actually not bad at all. We will definitely be returning to try another more items on menu. Highly recommend !A cute spot for breakfast, lunch, dessert or event just tea. It's located in Philadelphia's Chinatown. This shop is very bright and welcoming, as are the employees/servers.
The menu isn't huge, but it's decent and includes a large variety of teas and other hot and cold beverages, breakfast items, lunch and small snacks.
I ordered waffles topped with fruit and a pot of tea. My friend got green tea cake and a pot of tea. The waitresses are very attentive and checked on our tea temperature several times, swapping out the tea light when needed. My tea was good and so was the one my friend got. Our food items were tasty too. I was happy to see how fresh the fruit used on my waffles was.
Prices were decent too, especially for the city. I would definitely go back again!This is a great place after a nice meal in Chinatown Philadelphia! The place looks very nice with crystal chandeliers and a very nice and relaxing atmosphere. They have lots of different teas, coffees and snacks. They were very attentive and offer high class cups and saucers! The coffee and teas were very tasty and the service was excellent! Their desserts are very flavorful. I ordered the custard which was excellent!  You can get their drinks with sweetness or plain. Once you arrive they take your temperature because of covid. They seat you down and you are given a QR code to order from their menu on your phones. Everyone can order on their phones and the table gets one bill. Lots of fun and highly recommend this place. They also have other locations in NYC. They have been opened as of October 18, 2020 for about a year. Will definitely go back again.It's nice but not as nice as the one in NYC. All the desserts are fairly priced, tea comes piping hot and an amazing place for pictures but I went expecting the tea service for two sort of thing. Everything is individual and they have an app for ordering at the table that automatically splits the bill.This stylish cafe was a lovely experience.  The food was amazing, and of course we all shared with each other. The staff was attentive and kind. The music created a fun atmosphere (covers of contemporary pop music). And with contactless ordering I didn't experience my usual anxiety/crippling indecision caused by too many tasty treats to choose from!I hit the jackpot when I stumbled across this tea house.  For the last few years I've been looking for a teahouse that gives you a high tea experience without all the unnecessary pomp and pageantry. You can make it that way à la cart or you can have a simple enjoyable tea experience. Today I went with the latter. Earlier I had lunch elsewhere but really wanted to wind down with tea and dessert in a different atmosphere. So...... I went to Yelp to search for a 'tea house' there were several however the photos of the interior was the deal maker. Thanks YELPERS!
Of course parking is at a premium but I lucked out. Inside it's a beautiful as I expected. Lovely high backed wall booth seating covered in purple velvet/velour with modern day Louis XVI dining chairs. All very comfortable, clean and in good condition. Throughout practically each seating area has its own chandelier lighting. Because of Covid the booth seating was separated by partitions, the top is made of slate chalkboard with messages written and the bottom wood. Very creative.
On to the experience. I was given a polite greeting, temperature check and seated. The experience of the tea and food was very pleasant. I loved the Lemongrass, Ginger, Carrot tea very refreshing no honey or sugar needed. As for dessert I went with the  Trio Combo; Green Tea Financier was surprisingly very good they were warm and moist, the goma creme brûlée is different not weird but not special and the red bean ice cream had slight freeze burn, but during COVID it's a small matter.
The overall experience was good, I was quite pleased. However the staff could be a little more attentive I googled a lot of unfamiliar items. They lingered at the front counter. Last but serious issue, my tea cup was chipped this is unsightly and somewhat dangerous. Nevertheless I will return and soon!I haven't gone to a Price Tea House yet I didn't love! Super cuteee location, the service really good and all very yummy!Beautiful, elegant, and so peaceful! 
Their place is so aesthetic! Sitting here with friends and we had an great time! The employees are kind and so heart warming !  it's an adorable place to chat and really relax. The tea is the best part not just the gossip but the fresh, sweetness of the tea was so soothing ! Love it here highly recommend it !It was a refuge for me, quiet and peaceful. The foods, desserts and the drinks were delicious. It was so special.  
Non Asians, please, this is a tea room not McDonals, two guys walked in, blowing nose, talking loud, asking for more water five times. They ruined it for everyone. Incredibly rude. Stay away if you don't understand the meaning of 'tea room'It was my first time having tea here and it was very good! The severs were very friendly and they suggested me trying the White tea and turned out it was awesome. The tea smelled good and taste good, too. We also tried the matcha mille crepe and it was excellent. We will come back to this place because the food, drink and even atmosphere are perfect here!This place is very beautiful and not only the ambience but the food as well. Our servers name was Peng and he was terrific. He helped us a lot with our food and it came out really fast. I highly recommend this place!I loved this place, it is very delicious! I liked how you could order, and pay online and not have to worry about quickly deciding what to order because a waiter is asking. Both desserts were delicious with a perfect amount of sweetness and the tea was so yummy!We love the atmosphere and decor. The tea is also great, we had the iced mango black tea and rose milk tea. Highly recommend. The matcha Mille cake was also a nice treat. Great place to grab dessert after dinner in Chinatown.great service, employees are nice and enthusiastic and food tastes amazing!! Instagram worthy, clean, aesthetic, and a great environment. Totally recommend!! Would come back for more :)Beautiful venue for a little tea party celebration! Recently hosted my friend's birthday here, and we all had a lovely time! I worked with Rachel for setup and all the details. She was wonderful to work with, and very accommodating!
There was an extensive (and impressive!) menu of hot and cold drinks, desserts, and food! Many options to choose from, especially for picky eaters. Took us some time to decide!
If you get a hot tea, you get a gorgeous tea pot and matching cup and saucer set! The teapot can hold a tremendous amount of tea. I mean, I felt as if I got a good 5-6 cups from it. You can also determine how sweet of a tea you'd like. I'd recommend going for 30% sweetness which was perfect. You can always add more ;)
I ordered the English Toffee milk tea and the mango crepe cake for dessert. I also ordered a green tea crepe cake for the table. 
Service was friendly and attentive, even during a busy afternoon. 
Highly recommend this place! I will definitely return!One of my favorite desserts spot, serves variety hot drink, cold drink and desserts. A cozy afternoon tea place. Staffs are supper friendly, foods are yummy, this place is recommended.Very friendly and helpful staff. I had mango crepe cake and red bean crepe to go. Mango crepe had a lot of whipped cream filling, barely tasted the crepe and mango. I had better one in Chinatown. The red bean crepe filling is whipped cream with red beans . It's pretty good but not memorable. 
The interior is very pretty and romantic. 
Next time I want to treat the soufflé and lava cake  which cannot be ordered for take outThe best Takoyaki ironically but pick the number 9 green tea and the Mille cakes are out of this world . I've never been a tea person but this place is a five star.We went late at night and it was packed. The server was really nice and the ambience of the place was warm and cozy. We got the fruit toast, which was yummy. The instead was soft and conveniently cut in squares, while the outside was nice and crunchy, all topped with fresh fruit and ice cream. The tea was fragrant and light, quite relaxing. The taiyaki was also yummy and the twister fries was amazing and quite a large portion, great for sharing!