Someone once told me when you're in love, you feel at home. Thats how I feel when I'm at Pub Webb. First of all, I'm convinced they sprinkle crack on their food because thats how good it is. (Especially the cheese fries). They are located within walking distance of Temples campus, which is perfect after a long week (or day) of class. When you enter, your problems are left outside the door. You walk in and suddenly nothing else matters. The staff is family. They accept everyone. No matter where your from, what you look like, no matter how shitty life is going- Pub Webb makes you realize that everything is okay. 
Oh and that girl Vanessa is pretty cool too.I honestly don't know how this place could be worse. I honestly can't understand why anyone would ever visit here.  I honestly cant' believe I went here once.  I'm honestly grateful it was a very short visit.
If you're looking for a super-douchy college experience where you get the TSA patdown special before walking in, you might love this place.The BEST bar food ever!!!! I dream about their fries at night. I also highly recommend the Maui Wowi, any of the wraps, and Slap Yo Mama Wings- but I've tried just about everything on the menu and it's all AMAZING. Pub has a great mellow vibe and the service is fast and friendly. The newer side is a great venue for performers with a cool artsy feel. Pub is definitely in a league of its own compared to other bars in the area.I go here on a weekly basis and somehow my order is always delayed or just completely screwed up. This pretty much sums up my experience here. I come just because my friends like how inexpensive it is but this place wouldn't be my first choice within a one mile radius. Its Thursday, there are college specials all over. This past visit my simple order was screwed up  yet again. I watched the bartender give it to the wrong group and when I approached her about it she completely denied it, only to tell me later that my order won't be coming out because my food was handed to the incorrect group.  I will not be returning. Extremely slow service and disoriented staff.  Trust me, i'm being completely honest here. I have no idea how this place received 4 stars. My friends complain all the time but we come back out of habit and they know what to expect. But It would be extremely misleading to other yelpers to give this place 4 stars. You're Welcome.Bartender and bouncer unfriendly. Friend's purse got stolen and nobody cared. Smells like bad cocaine. Food was crappy. DO NOT GOThe food is really good. Especially when it comes to their wings. They have a special on wings every Thursday. The only problem is the neighborhood.For a place that I went to a few times. I'm surprised about today. I went in and received terrible service. They kept forgetting about my order of food and asked me what I ordered every time they came up to me about 3 times. I placed an order 45 min before I walked out. Then the waitress asked if I wanted it to go. Terrible service.great spot for happy hour but get's super loud at night. came here with my husband and luckily we did get a table. the wings and frozen drinks were amazing. definitely recommend but be weary of the noise...i wouldn't try and have a serious conversation here.I live right next door and had always judged Pub Webb to be a dirty, local, shit bar, without ever going in. Imagine my surprise when I actually went in! 
My friend had seen the 1$ taco deal and wanted to go for dinner, so I tagged along. We went during a sixer's game so we got 10$ beer pitchers (yay!). I also got myself a taco. It took forever to come out (they said it was backed up because it was so crowded, but I'm pretty sure 1 taco does not take over 40 minutes to make). But it was yummy and definitely worth 1$, but it had a slight weird, gamey taste to it that I couldn't put my finger on. I just added hot sauce and had a great drunk snack.
This place is a typical college bar with cheap specials! Apparently their wings are amazing, so I must return, especially since I live right next door.I understand Pub Webb was renovated from a 40oz bar that served anyone.  I understand Pub Webb is situated in a dim and questionable location.  I just don't understand the near airport level security shake down right at the door on a Thursday night.  Hands rifled through every pocket available, really it was one step short from a full TSA body scan.  After clearing that, I was being yelled at by the bouncer to get inside while he was examining my friend.  I just wanted to wait so we could both walk in together, but it was as if I had violated their business and the opposite had happened; they barked at me to get in.  After my friend clears the interrogation by answering every piece of text on his ID, we just looked at each other and immediately split.
I've been here before, and yes, I was simply carded and all of that was fine.  I'm not sure what happened, but I expect this sort of treatment only when incarcerated.  If this is a new policy, that's a guarantee for me to never revisit.  And neither will my friend.Refilled my water cup 3 times.
Hottest bartenders on campus
They have two vanessas..
I like Stef tho. Gave her my number. She texted me too. It was cool.
5/5. Would drink here again and again.A hole in the wall near Temple; I have had the burger numerous times...and after eating at "Whiskey Village", I am convinced that a good burger is decided on star power and Laban alone...I will spend my $8 here over $24 at WV everyday of the week.We moved to Philadelphia from Michigan and I've got to say this was our go-to place when we first moved to the area. The Slap Yo Mama wings. WOW. The bartenders are always super attentive. I wish we lived closer to come more frequently! We love this place!Best bar ever - no other bar at Temple (or Philly) can match it. Must get the onion petals/slap yo mama wings paired with a cold shot of Rumple Minze. Staff is awesome!!I love their wings... It's right down the street from the gym so on many occasions I have picked up wings from there right after a 2 hour cardio session. Thursday nights wings are 3 for a dollar 6pm to 9pm with the purchase of booze.
Anyways as a bar it started off as a pleasant surprise by replacing a SUPER GHETTO bar that was there a long time ago. The crowd is a mixture of the locals plus Temple University kids. They have Dj's and upstairs is a big room for live music on some occasions. 
the drinks are cheap, the food is decent, the bar tenders are young and friendly. It does not have the huge interior, pool table and restauranty feel of its neighboring bar the Draught Horse BUT still I prefer going here to watch some sports with an ice cold beer and some banging wingsWe're new to town and decided to go for some food and stopped in to this little bar. We loved the deep fried clam and shrimp! The aroma was awesome as well! Will be returning again!Worst service I've ever encountered at a bar. Waited 15-20 minutes for a drink when the bar wasn't even full. Couldn't wait to get out of there.I love this place!! The food,drinks, atmosphere and energy is amazing!! As Temple alum I still go to this place at least once per month! The bartenders and wait staff are really cool and make you feel at home! My favorite night is Thursdays, which is wing night! The motzerellla sticks are half off until 6pm and the wings are 3 for a dollar,there's a DJ that comes at 10pm. Overall this places rocks and the food is excellent!! John is awesome!! And so are the other wait staff always polite and helpful!Okay if you want bar food on a drunk weekend food. Kinda slow in getting you food tooTheir PW Almost Famous Wings are great! I ordered them with Mango Habanero Sauce. My companion said their burger is good too although not as good as the wings. The price is better than those in center city too.Great wings, this is a very very busy place but the servers still provide good service.A temple university sport bar that hosts most college kids. It is a valuable bar if you just want to go somewhere to get drunk without spending too much money. It is very small and they also have regular bar food.Great place for a pre or post game libation, would love to return and try the wings.  Lots of folks mention great service from the bartenders, and I agree.  A nice selection of draft beers, but it would be great so see more local offerings.This review is coming from a parent of a Temple student. This is a solid bar with solid bar food.  The menu is sparse  but what they do, they do well. Wings are breaded and remind me of the wings from the old Welshies in Sea Isle City. Their chicken sandwiches are massive. I read a few reviews of the bartenders and I agree they are very good and hard working.  I would not recommend for kids or snobs.I'm sorry if I think 30 mins for 6 wings is too long, but I do. The worse part was, they didn't.Went here with some friends for a few beers and some food. The place had a cool atmosphere and the servers were all very kind and attentive. We ended up getting the buffalo wings, the philly cheese steak quesadilla and fries. The service was very prompt and the food was delicious. The wings were bigger than I expected them to be and the meat was fresh and amazing. My friends also complimented on the quality of the quesadillas as well. This is definitely my favorite bar in Philly so far. Will definitely be coming back when I am here again.In all honesty this is the most magical place I've ever been. Upon entering, I was immediately hit with happy vibes and smiling faces. A sick music playlist and The food is amazing! Plus, the specials kick ass. $1 tacos, 3/$1 wings, $2 sliders, you really can't beat it. 
But truthfully the best part of pub Webb is their staff. It's like talking to a bunch of Pikachus that graduated from The School Of Sweet People University Of Southern Narnia College State. They make my insides tickle like there's a small infant giving Eskimo kisses to my inner left ribcage. 
Vanessa is cool too.
11/10The music is good for dancing, the space is itty bitty, but apparently they have a second floor, on which they play live music on friday.. I was there on a friday and there was no live music *shrugs*.. The drink specials were decent. very very cheap liquor which makes sense since it is right near Temple, but the crowd is very hmm... different.. It's like a mix of students + older locals ( like 30's ) and like hood rats ( both of the male and female variety) 
The best thing about this place is was the triathalon thing they had.. When I say best I mean if I actually drank beer, it is a damn good deal.. for 9$ you get a shot of your choice ( I'm thinking bottom to mid shelf) a car bomb, and a beer of your choice. cheap yeah?
You walk in realizing you're so close to campus, but also smack dab in the hood, and the actual realization that this isn't a "college" bar hits you when the bouncers ask to see inside of your purse to ensure you're not bringing any firearms in.. ( interestingly enough, they look in a bag but never both to pat anyone down? )
Not my scene but I can see where people who live close but don't want to go to a typical super hood spot, and people who go to temple who don't want to be surrounded by the fratty types would go here to mingle for the common goal of not being around people that annoy them.. unfortunately this place annoyed me.. but I must say that I was ok with a 40$ bar tab for what would have easily amounted to well over 100$ in a less seedy area.Loved the wings here! It's super tight in this restaurant but the wings are worth it!Pub Webb really has stepped there game up, way nicer then when I went to school. Great beer and food selection, chill music and friendly staff...perfect low key bar to let loose with your friends. ']['UUmm... wings. Seriously, some of the best in the city. They are lightly breaded, fried, tossed in buffalo and ALWAYS done correct. Just enough to crisp them up / cook them through to the bone... yet not too far so that they are still tender and juicy. They clearly have a relatively advanced robot/android in the back making them fuckers... much too consistent for meager human abilities.
It's a decent sized venue with beer specials, plenty of booze... and delectable wings.
You'll like the staff. They are attentive and given it's a college bar of sorts (although this sucka feels like a neighborhood spot all the same) you'll be pleased that they are a bunch of pretty fucks... hot chicks and big-schlonged dudes.
Enough nonsense... just go eat their fucking wings because your life is full of holes without them.
PS... saw a show there last night. By the look of the room you'd assume the acoustics suck... quite the opposite. The sound is surprisingly really good. I was impressed.Best Dive bar that just keeps getting better with time. You have an eclectic missed crowd that all gets along. Locals, temple students, young professionals. The drinks and specials are always great and the food is consistently good bar food..I can also say I love the DJ's they have on weekends. 
Overall, this is a great place to come if you really want to have a good time, not sit around and spectate.Came here working for a band playing the Lacourias? Arena down the street, a bunch of old roadies, kinda took over the juke box with our old blues and funk, the locals were super friendly, Sam the owner was super hospitable! All Roadie friends doing a gig down the street great place for an after show drink, in a proper locals joint!Pub Webb has both the quintessential college experience while also being a bar that I can call home. The bar food is the best in the area especially with the specials 6-9pm ($1 tacos- Tuesday, $5 Burgers - Wednesday, 50 cent wings -Thursday (Try the Slap Your Momma Wings, you won't regret it). The staff is always friendly and helpful with everything and I am happy to call myself a regular here. Great place for enjoying the game with some wings and a great selection of brews and a range of cocktails. I know what you're thinking. "No one can like a place this much" , and to that I say, come try it for yourself.I got to say pub Webb doing good over the years always have a great selection of beers great booths To seat a party of six For the most part they also have televisions so you can eat and watch the game as well I give this place five stars I will be back in on the weekendsI feel like I'm handing out five star reviews like they're candy lately, so maybe this one won't stick, but I have exactly no complaints about this place. 
About ten of us came here on a Thursday shortly before 6pm, so it was pretty quiet. We arrived just before the $5 Long Island Iced Tea special ended; it was big and strong enough that it was the only drink I had all night. The 3 for $1 wings special started at 6, so I ordered a bunch of those and some fries to share with the group, who also ordered sweet potato fries and nachos, all of which were awesome. At the end of the night, I had spent a whopping $12 on my drink, 15 wings, and a generous portion of freshly cut fries. I know, right?
I'm pretty stoked to come back for their live music.Looking to meet up in a comfy space? Bring your friends here. There's always some type of special or happy hour going on. People are friendly or mind their business and Tuesday nights are fun and lively.Chill bar, awesome burger. Highly recommend the fries with Old Bay. Definitely want to come back.I'm a very open minded person with quite low standards for food especially while drunk as fuck. However, I feel that I paid a high rate for food that really didn't satisfy my cravings. I paid extra for ranch that I didn't receive. Devastating to say the least. I understand that people forget but NO RANCH that's fuckin wacky. Food was mid I kinda enjoyed my sandwich but that was probably just the fireball talking. All in all, will probably return whilst drunk again because I have dirt low standards but wouldn't recommend to mentally stable individuals.really great if you like to be packed in a bar like a sardine. the smallest bar I have ever been too. 
the only perk is the cheap beer deals.
the wings used to be my favorite around temple campus until I had wings that still had feathers on them.I loved this place. It has like bar/club feel. It's snug and intimate. They have a cute music "vending machine" where you can pick the songs that play throughout the bar. There food was surpassingly good. I went with my boyfriend and he had a burger w/ fries and I have a chicken ranch wrap w/ fries. AMAZING. wasn't a big fan of the macaroni salad they give you in a cute little cup with the meal. The drinks are VERY Affordable for college students. Lol.I frequent pub webb, and it's always a great time. Several large TVs, good selection of alcohol and great bartenders. Don't leave here without trying the "slap yo mama" wings!!!The wings are great and the drinks are cheap- especially for the city. A nice place to have pub food when you're in the Temple area.All of us oldheads who want to hold on to just a taste of the good ol college bar...Pubb Webb can be that bar. Me and wifey went in for a early Friday happy hour so it wasn't too packed just yet. We ordered their fries and drinks. Their fries are perfect for drunken hungry nights! I loved it. Their drinks were basic though...the price wasn't fantastic or anything to sing about but its Temple so gotta get ya coins somehow. Either way I'd definitely like to go back to try more and grab another drink. The atmosphere is more like cheers meets a college bars. Everybody seemed to know everyone and were friendly even if they didn't.I performed at Pub Webb recently and I have to say it is a great place.  Full bar downstairs, and live music select nights of the week in their listening room upstairs.  The listening room also has a cash bar, couches to sit on, and adequate standing room space should the audience reach that many people.  They mostly book acoustic acts and smaller bands, so bring some friends, buy some drinks, and have a blast!This place is awesome. Great drinks and great food. The expansion is excellent. Be sure to check it out. The staff here truly cares about service. What more could you ask.for??Pub Webb has always been a good experience for me. If you go for happy hour or anytime before the night-time/weekend rush it can be a very relaxing time. The bartenders are all nice and the place is very clean inside. They have a few TV's which you can watch from the bar or the tables.Girlfriends & I came here on a Friday night around 10 to order drinks and dance! The bartenders were extremely attentive and nice. I ordered some type of flavored Long Island Iced Tea (was extremely sweet, but good) and we had fries - seasoning on them was great! The DJ played great music - R&B, Rap and Reggae. All of us could not stop dancing because it was a great song one after another. The rest of the people there made it a lot of fun cause they had a few dance competitions and we would all dance with each other. I would definitely come back here!If you go to Temple this is definitely the place to be. I don't go to Temple, but still... It's the place to be! Haaa. They have some type of deal going 7 nights out the week. Always something going on. It's a good environment. My favorite is Thursday nights 3 wings for a dollar! You cannot beat that! Perfect to watch a Thursday Night football game or basketball. After 10 they got $1 Bud Lights (which don't really do much to you but still). Upstairs they got the DJ and dance floor. I don't know what dude's name is but he's pretty good. Nice lil mixture, gotta have some dancehall!! They got a dancer at the very top, smoke and the whole 9. The best thing is that everyone is in there dancing and having a good time. Beautiful women are definitely always present. Only downside is that it gets so busy that the bartenders and servers can't really keep up. You gotta kinda bug them to get what you want.
Also I remember seeing 50 cent wings during Eagles games. I LOVE WINGS!! Fly Eagles Fly.
Come out to Pub Webb. It's a good environment.Owners a real great guy. Made sure I had a proper seat in the house for the birds game. All about putting the customers first.Unbelievably fantastic wings!!! My first time eating at Pub Webb, and I was pleasantly surprised. I normally get hot wings, but I chose to try the Slap Ya Mama wings......and WOW, they were great. I also ordered a side of fries which were delicious as well. I was able to pick up on some of the seasonings they use on their fries. Whatever you get from here, make sure you get fries with it. I would've given this fine establishment 5 stars, but I'm holding off until I try the rest of the menu, and if it's anything like my first order, this place will be worth a THOUSAND stars.They have amazing wings and a great happy hour!!!!The bartender was very attentive and great services. will be back for the Thursday night special which is .50 wing night!!!Great Staff good food The drinks are perfect especially when you come for happy hour this place gets better every yearHad to write an update after 7 years living in Philly I've been here so many times. At least once a week I came here while I resided in Philly and I'm gonna miss it. Best wings in the city BY FAR. Staff is super cool. Still a nice mix of college students and local residents who have called North Philly their home for decades. It's a place for everyone. Good music, sports, lively atmosphere. A perfect neighborhood bar. All the food is good (burgers, quesadillas), not just the wings but the wings are truly amazing. I'm gonna miss you Pub Webb and your wings... until I return I'll relive the good memories in my mind.Sarah is the best. We've had her multiple times as our server and we love her so much. She's so attentive and friendly. The drinks and food are amazing. We'll be back again and againThe place isn't really known as a college bar yet, a lot of locals but my roommates and I absolutely loved it. The manager Sam is super cool and the staff was also great. The food is your typical bar food but the crispy chicken Caesar salad is to die for. Great drinks.I've been a few times only for the chicken finger & fries basket (its good). The drinks aren't cheap but their not too expensive. The wait time on food isn't bad either. Only issue depending on day/time this small area fills up and getting a seat could be an issue. Only once have I been on "other side" where a dance floor is located but I never see anyone over there anymore. This isn't a place for dancing in my opinion just food liquor & sports watching.Food is nice, but they charged us for the ranch and old bay fries we requested and didn't give it to us. Sounds like a stupid thing to get irritated by but it was very emotional for us :(Eclectic bar, great food, great service. These guys take care of you! Try the dozen wings old bay style and the pub webb burger.Poor customer service while trying to order takeout. Hours say until 11pm but after calling three times between 9:10pm-9:20pm, all times sent to a voicemail.Pub Webb is an absolute, all-time, diamond-in-the-rough type of gem. I've been a repeat customer for six years and have to come here at least once a month even after moving out of the area. Best wings, cocktails, and staff that you will ever find, and no one can ever convince me otherwise.My first time trying the food, and I must admit it was absolutely fantastic!!! I ordered the Slap Yo Mama wings and cheese fries..... WOW!!! The fries alone are excellent. The wings, no other words than "Damn that's good". The mission I accepted, is to try the entire menu. I'm giving 4 out of 5 stars because I've only tried 2 items.As a Temple alum, Pub Webb is near and dear to my heart. Had to visit for the nostalgia alone. And of course, the wings still slap! 
These are slap ya mama flavor. Now do I know what that means? Nope. Lol. But these babies are savory with a little zest! Try it.Love it here! Great food and drinks!!! Would definitely come back again. Great atmosphere as well.I am lucky to get to know friends here. Burgers, Wings, Tacos, Fries Shrimp, Quesadillas, Egg rolls, Beer, Craft, Cocktails.