The comedians were pretty good, and they've got some comics lined up who I'd like to head back and see (some pretty big names). If you do go there, in addition to the two-drink minimum mentioned by other reviewers, do be aware that they do not allow moving chairs to different table, and some tables have only four seats (the largest have about 10). I have never been to a place that is as strict about such a policy as they are here. When I asked about the rationale for it, I was told it was to comply with the fire code. I did look at Philadelphia's fire code (http://library.amlegal.com/nxt/gateway.dll/Pennsylvania/philadelphia_pa/title4thephiladelphiabuildingconstructio/subcodefthephiladelphiafirecode?f=templates$fn=default.htm$3.0$vid=amlegal:philadelphia_pa), and it says in the section on seating plans (408.2.1) that deviations from approved plans can occur as long as maximum occupancy is not exceeded and aisles are not obstructed, which moving chairs does not necessarily do. Just something to note if you're looking for something to do with a large group. Also, my friend ordered a piece of chocolate cake, and never got it. The next time the server came to our table after she ordered it, he was bringing the checks, and the cake was on hers despite her never receiving it, at which point she had to tell him that she never got it.Always have very good headliners. The place is immaculate and very nice ambiance. However, there are several problems. Getting in is a hassle. You're packed in like sardines waiting to get into the venue. I had a major issue with the service. They are very explicit about 2 drink/item minimum. They were on the ball the first round, however, disappeared the rest of the night. They took our second order and disappeared. Which is fine (I guess) but they charged the second round of drinks to my card (the one swiped in the beginning of the night) without giving it to us. This place is a scam. My wife and I have our MDs, we're not uneducated folk you can pull one over on!I got a free ticket to come here as part of a Yelp Elite event and was still disappointed in my experience. I purchased a discount ticket for a friend to join me. I would never, ever pay full price to come here. 3 of the 5 comedy acts were funny, the other two were decidedly not and the host was not that great either. The good thing about this place is that food comes extremely fast. They must have everything pre-made because within seconds of ordering the food arrived at the table on three different occasions for my group of 6. The service was great in the beginning, then our server disappeared for a while when I needed another drink and re-appeared when it was time to pay the bill. Although I received an email stating that Yelpers would receive 20% off of their entire bill, the server told me it only counted for my portion of the bill, not my friend's (even though I was paying the whole thing) then came back and said it was only for food and not for drinks which means only one item would be discounted. Considering that I didn't like the food or drink I ordered (the lemon pepper wings were tiny, hard, and overcooked but had a good flavor) and came only because of this Yelp event, I was very unhappy. I spoke to a manager and they finally agreed to honor the policy that had been sent out in writing. I really like the area that this place is in, but will not be visiting againI am writing this review live from the venue. Ive been been sitting for ~50 minutes and still haven't received the drink or food order. Worst service in city for real. If you decide to venture here, eat/drink first!AMELIA was very personable, and very accommodating. Perfect waitress for our first here. Love the ambience! We will be back!I am really excited to have a comedy venue in the neighborhood, but this place should make some changes stat.
The good:
The show we saw was great.  The space is good, we could see and hear the act well.
The bad:
They need to hire wayyyy more people if they're going to require you to have table service.  There is a 2 drink minimum, and I barely ordered my 2 drinks during an over 2-hour show.  I would have had more drinks if you had served me faster!  The worst was, they sat us (a couple) at a 6-person table with 2 other couples, and it was a pretty long time before the show started.  That time was SUUUUPER awkward without a drink in hand... everyone was just sitting there silently looking at their phones!
On the same note, why so many 6-person tables and so few 2-person ones?
Also, as others have said, the drinks are ridiculously priced.  Raise the ticket prices by a few bucks and make the drinks reasonable!  The acts they're putting on are good enough to attract audiences even at a few more dollars a ticket, and paying that much for drinks just feels like a ripoff.
Also, the food.  I came in hungry, but I had a chance to see some of the food go by and was not impressed.  I wound up just waiting to eat until after the show -- there's too much great food in this neighborhood for me to overpay for something mediocre except in an emergency.  I don't need anything fancy -- just good bar food!
The vibe is also pretty weird.  They had slides that were ads for themselves playing while you waited for the show to come on!  And otherwise it just feels corporate-y.  But oh well.  If they fix the other stuff, I'll go back.We came back here to try the place again. My wife son free tix at South street festival. Main highlight was Ricky Velez. The host for the night was a Indian guy and had some interesting punch lines. The line up was great and we really laughed our hearts out.
We ordered the beer basket. There is Yelp discount. Food was fine. 
The bar outside had some interesting cocktails. The place gets completely empty when the show is over.
Nice experience. Will come back here again.We came here to see Joe Pharaoh and had an absolute blast. The food was just ok but that's not why you come here so who cares! Great setup so as many people as possible can enjoy the show. And you can drink!
Service was slow but it's dark and the staff really is working hard-- there are so many table and they can't like have the staff keep blocking people's view of the show.
I think the staff was awesome- considering the really hard position they are in- they all did a fantastic jobNice venue for comedy shows, service is decent too. I think they could do a better job with seating for larger parties though- a lot of the big tables are off to the side.I'll start with the positive. Jay Pharoah was too funny. Great show!!
Now ... I am allergic to mold base cheese. I expressed this fact to my server when ordering food because blue cheese is the default dressing that accompanies the wings served. The persons with me specifically asked for ranch when they ordered their food. When the food come to the table we were told the dressing was ranch. Needless to say it was not. It was sent back. They bought back ranch. No problem. I proceed to order wings. Before the server placed hem on the table I made a point to ask if the dressing on the plate was ranch, why??? BECAUSE I AM ALLERGIC TO BLUE CHEESE. He says yes it's ranch. 
Because I know better and the people I were with love me, they tasted it; and low and behold it was blue cheese. When I get the attention of our server I tell her the dressing next to my food is blue cheese. She takes it back. They remake my food and she brings me back fresh wings and this time she places the dressing on a separate plate. Once again my friends try the dressing and I be damn if it isn't blue cheese. She says to one of the persons with me "No it isn't that's just how it looks." To prove it was in fact blue cheese my friend  stirs it and shows the chunks that sit on the celery. Now our server is upset because she has to go back to kitchen. 
The third time she goes back and pours the ranch herself and brings it to the table. By this time my food is warm... Typically I would be pissed and asked for a manager (and I should have) but I was enjoying the show. I didn't finish my food. I don't recommend the lemon pepper wings. Stick to the wings with sauce. There wasn't enough lemon pepper seasoning on the wings. It was more of a lemon pepper butter/oil  coating. 
Go for the show... not the food or drinks.We decided to swing by Punch Line Philly for a little Saturday night comedy and boy did we have a blast! 
Punch Line is one of Philly's premiere comedy hotspots and they always have a great line up of well accredited comedians ready to bring you knee slapping jokes! 
The location hold 300 guest. The food is very tasty and you need to know that they do have a two drink minimum that they take very serious! 
If you're looking for good comedy this spot comes highly recommended to my fellow yelpers!My husband and I attended the early show on July 30 with Aparna Nancherla as the headliner. The emcee, warm-up comics and Aparna put on a wonderful performance. The space was very clean and appealing. The chairs and tables were also spaced out better than another comedy club we go to. Our server was attentive and the food items  (we had the soft pretzels and onion rings) were tasty and fresh. I can't wait to go back!For this being my first time here I loved it. Super clean and professional. Only bad thing is the two drink minimum.We've seen two great shows at Punch Line. Two drink minimum per person but that's pretty standard for every comedy club.Came to see Bill Bellamy this weekend! Very good place! The opening acts were hilarious! Had me laughing more than Bill Bellamy himself (who was also funny). Location is good.. quick uber ride!My husband and I went to Punch Line for the first time to see JP Sears a couple weeks ago. We got there early at had some drinks and food at the bar first. We had a great time, the service staff were fun and attentive. We enjoyed the show tremendously and overall had a blast! We'll definitely be back!The venue looks very nice.  Drinks and food are overpriced and served on disposable plates and in plastic cups.  Staff are inattentive after seating and failed to bring us our ordered drinks... "Don't worry, since we're so busy we're not enforcing the 2 drink minimum"... we weren't worried about the minimum we wanted drinks.  The staff's solution to a quick turnaround on an early show was to literally flip on the work lights at the moment the last act said "goodnight" before he even left the stage.  Not only is this highly unprofessional it caused the crowd to take longer to leave than had they used their very nice and dim-able house lights to slowly bring light up in the room.  Here's a hint from someone who's run venues for many years: Bring up the house lights to full on a three second fade, then if everyone isn't gone in five or ten minutes, bring up the works.Great comedy club and wonderful staff
 We come here often and always have a good time. Food and drink prices are very reasonable and the comedians are top notch. Only issue sometimes is parking due to the other entertainment venues in the area.Beware of the $5.00 off when you use Yelp app.  It's misleading.  I was there last night and tried to use it and it timed out in four minutes.  Not helpful when you're half way into a show and your check is nowhere to be found.Bobby Slayton was great. The service was good even though the place was packed. Very nice club. The prices were OK too.While the performance and comedian is pretty perfect, I'm disappointed at the service...did not come back with my friend's drink for the past 25 minutes and didn't even come by to apologize or tell us what's up when we told another server to ask her where our drink is. They might want to improve on trying to keep up with the pace or at least check on the customers once in a while. Maybe this place is still particularly new? Sometimes I just give the benefit of the doubt; maybe it's just that day, and maybe most days it's not like this at all.My favorite comedy club in philly and probably the 2nd favorite I've ever been to. They have a drink minimum but aren't sticklers about it, and the purchase of soda or water is acceptable. The food isn't amazing but is pretty good and above average for this type of venue. Local talent always impresses me and the national acts can't be beat.I went to Punch Line for the first time for the Jim Breuer special recently - drinks were awesome, service was friendly, very cool atmosphere and the stand up was hilarious. I sat in one of the back booths which were comfortable. We ordered two pizzas during the show which took a long time to get but understandably, their kitchen was backed up. Parking was super easy also, the lot is right behind the building and it's huge - $10 for parking which isn't bad for the whole night. The only annoyance is that a massive body guard had to tell me to put my phone down during the show when I was texting my friend but I understand why - it's super irritating for everyone else. I just wish the way he told me was nicer. Overall I enjoyed it and I hope there's an opportunity to come back here again.I really enjoyed the show and this comedy venue was cool with great acts. I wish that there wasn't a two drink minimum but it was a good experience, overallI was there NYE for Sommore Show. The drinks and food were great. Our sever was the best. He was attentive and friendly. Sommore was great!! We laughed, had a great time. 
My issue is security/crowd control. We started standing in line outside around 9:15pm for the 10pm show. It was cold and the crowd became a little anxious to enter the building. The space inside could have been maximized better to accommodate the patrons standing in the cold for over 45 minutes. 
Security wasn't prepared for the size crowd nor were they well versed with crowd control. Some patrons were rude, and avoided waiting their turn to enter venue.The service was exceptional but that lack of talent and professionalism by the performers was for a lack of better words awful. Ronny Chieng performed the night I attended. Big two thumbs down . He bombed harder then the uni-bomber and crashed harder then Dale Earnhardt in a 20 car pile up at the Daytona 500.First of all, I want to say that the comedians were absolutely wonderful and hysterical. They didn't disappoint!!! 
My problem was with our waitress. I checked in via Yelp to our location and I received a $5.00 off coupon of our bill. Unfortunately, Yelp doesn't tell you on the coupon that it is for food only, but no big deal. The coupon does say that your bill has to be at least $20 and ours was. We had the soft pretzels (they don't serve it with the beer cheese anymore even though it still states that it does on the menu, so a little disappointed in that) and the buffalo Stromboli. Between those two things, our bill was exactly $20, I showed the coupon to our waitress and she stated "Oh, that is only for food and I don't think your bill is $20". I told her that it was and showed her the prices of our food on the menu and she came back with a receipt that was only $18. I said, why is it only $18. She said "I don't know. That is what it came to. Maybe you got happy hour prices or something". We did not get there till after 7pm and happy hour was long over. So the coupon wasn't honored. So, I believe she changed the bill price so she didn't have to take the $5.00 off. 
I will definitely visit the Punch Line again, but I will definitely not order their food again. 
Bad business. Oh, plus they were out of several things on the menu that day. It was a Saturday night, shouldn't you guys be fully stocked?First time here tonight to see Michele Wolf. Pleasantly surprised! From the time we stepped foot in the door, everyone working there was so nice and helpful! From the security to the bartenders to the seaters to the servers. I was very happy, I mean, ten years ago when I partied in Philly it was normal to be treated like crap at certain places. Things have changed and I loved it. We would definitely come back for more of our favorite comics. I'd give this place 5 stars but the food was just ok and typical fanfare. Wasn't expecting anything fancy. Wings rocked and beer cheese was good. Chicken fingers dry. Ok, so 4.5 stars should really be the case. Side note: before handing your $20 for parking, drive a few feet and you might get lucky finding a free spot off street! (Or park at sugarhouse and cross the street) Anyway, thanks to ALL employees here. They were all excellent! Five stars for them. One last thing for those who are curious if it's a dive or not because of location. No. It's cozy, upbeat, and hip. Great view of stage no matter where you sit.Very dissatisfied with how this place is run. From the website with wrong times to not giving us correct seats to waiting an hour for food to having others in our area not having to do the "2 item" minimum. Not happy that people show up after the show starts and they shove them in
Ok after I wrote this, the manager came up and apologized profusely and took care of check and was super nice. 
Will returnBeautiful new club with great bar area and drinks menu. Fast and friendly service and good show the night we visited with headliner Brendon Walsh. Philly needs a second comedy club. Get out to support Punchline! Didn't have food while there, but the menu looked good, with typical pub fare.The venue looks very nice.  Drinks and food are overpriced and served on disposable plates and in plastic cups.  Staff are inattentive after seating and failed to bring us our ordered drinks... "Don't worry, since we're so busy we're not enforcing the 2 drink minimum"... we weren't worried about the minimum we wanted drinks.  The staff's solution to a quick turnaround on an early show was to literally flip on the work lights at the moment the last act said "goodnight" before he even left the stage.  Not only is this highly unprofessional it caused the crowd to take longer to leave than had they used their very nice and dim-able house lights to slowly bring light up in the room.  Here's a hint from someone who's run venues for many years: Bring up the house lights to full on a three second fade, then if everyone isn't gone in five or ten minutes, bring up the works.Everyone was very pleasant!!! The comedy show was great but the food look like something you will get at a sports event!!!Bought two beers that were on special, $4 each. Bartender said, $8. Handed over a credit card. Bartender returned with card and receipt, $12. Tried to get bartenders attention. Failed for 10-15 minutes. Sent a different member of the party to the bar. Waited while the bartender looked for a card he'd lost when they closed out another patron but didn't return her card. Asked the bartender about the charge. He said he'd look into it. Bartender disappeared.Was excited to Finally get my hands on some tickets to the surprise show from Kevin Hart. The show was good. The service on the other hand was not! Beer was stale.. got a order of cold fries which they served on a tiny plate with like 10 McDonald's fries.. than server dropped my onion rings left me with only 2 and still charged me forever thing ! Place has great potential but def needs work !Philly needs more of this. I love helium but I'm glad this is here. Hoping for their success. I DON'T UNDERSTAND WHY THERE ARE LUNCH PAILS. 
It's not a basement club. It's nicer than most.Saw Andrew Santino on Saturday night - he had us in tears several times.  
So the comedian was great.  Venue was nice.  Everything else was just...meh.  
Tix cost us about $26 each and we ended up buying a bucket of beer to hit the 2 item limit.  Compared to somewhere like The Village Underground in NYC, who charges $14 a show, it was a little pricier.  Thats not a huge problem though.
Our waitress seemed like she just relapsed before starting her shift.  She was super jittery, anxious, and kept getting orders wrong.  We looked around and every other table around us had their food/drinks waaaay before ours got served.  The manager ended up coming out to deliver the food/drinks to our table - all without an apology for the poor lack of service beforehand.  
I'll be back though - because I already had tix purchased for a show this Thursday lol.Nice space that hosts some legitimately good gigs! Two drink minimum but totally worth it.Great place for top quality comedy. Good good and wonderful staff. We highly recommend Punchline for an awesome night out! Shaquille and the servers are great. They have happy hour from 5 to 7 in Thursday, Friday, and Saturdays.Enjoy the show and the atmosphere is wonderful will return soon. The only issue I have is with the seating when you arrive it's no order just a random line before enteringA really nice venue. Not too big not too small food was good, drinks were good. I have no complaints will definitely return.Right size, friendly staff, food is good and drinks are great. Can't beat it for a night out for stand up.Always a good time at Punch Line. Brand new, just opened, and already pulling in really big names. Everyone is always so attentive and the food/drink options are plentiful and delicious. Really cool theme going on there and i'd totally go back again for many more shows in the future.This was our first visit. We attended the NYE show. Event parking was  $20 which is pretty typical for Philly. We were seated 30 min prior to the beginning of the show. The room is pretty big and every seat gives you a good view of the stage. There is a two drink minimum which is also typical of a comedy club. Overall, it was a good time.This was the best hidden gem. I went out with the ladies and we had a blast. It was clean and the drinks and food was wonderful and not over priced.Comedy central (Kevin Hart/Matt Bellassai) with a side kick of Drag Queens for brunch, I've been to Punch Line a few times over the past couple years. This venue does a great job of bringing in the funny with tons of comedians; and mixing it up with other shows such as male revues. Seating options inside the club, I don't think you can find a more intimate spot that doesn't have a bad seat in the house for the price of the tickets. Reasons why I rated Punch Line 3 stars is due to the service, food quality, and weak drinks from the bartenders. For those attending a show, since there is a 2 drink minimum, I would suggest to stick with beer or wine. Also, since the location  of the club is in a great area with tons of restaurants, I would eat beforehand or after the shows. 
FYI - Seats are first come, first served.Don't worry about the two drink minimum, you can't even get a server. Management is pretty awful too. Don't waste your time coming here.Saw Annie Lederman there last night. My first recommendation is her. Find her wherever she is performing and go see her. Her performance that combined rehearsed and improv'ing with the crowd is smart and funny. Her parents were in the audience too and even though much of her humor is lewd/crass(in the best way), there was a heartfelt nature to the way she interacted with her parents that was moving, even though she might not admit that part. ;)
The club itself is beautiful with kind workers. The only downside is the burger. When they asked me how I wanted it done, I was excited. However, it certainly didnt come out 'medium' and it wasn't very good. Then again, who goes to a comedy club for burgers.Awesome place. Friendly & attentive staff, great selection of food and drinks! The patio was awesome for an after show cocktail!I have been to the Punch Line a few times now (Annie Lederman, Sommore, Ms Pat) and every time has been a good time. The venue is very intimate, nice, and there is not a bad seat in the house. However every time I've been I've had a problem with the drinks. Way over priced, weak, and overall not good. I understand it's the normal city price, but these are just not worth the price. 
Another thing I have an issue with is the seating. Sometimes there are high top tables for 2, but generally a group of 2 will share a table with another group of 2. Not only is this awkward but the tables are very small and packed together. The service has always been good, and if you arrive early you always get the best seat. The 2 drink minimum is normal for comedy clubs, but I'd recommend sticking to a beer, soda, or water. Don't waste your money on the cocktails. I will continue to come to the Philly Punch Line.My wife and I saw Roy Wood Jr. at the Punch Line last night. Overall, it was a pretty enjoyable time. We arrived at the venue pretty close to showtime, and were seated at a table with 4 other people pretty far away from the stage. This actually wasn't bad for us, as we don't like to be a "target" for the comedian by being too close to the stage anyway. The Punch Line has great sight lines too, so even being further back, we had a great view of the action. What made things a bit uncomfortable, however, was that since we got there right as the show was starting, it was awkward ordering as it was dark and feeling really rushed. Knowing there was a two drink minimum, my wife ordered a cocktail, the Sucker Punch, and me, a Walt Whit beer. Being hard to communicate with each other about food, my wife ordered the margarita pizza as well. 
The food and drinks came out pretty quickly, and the pizza was pretty fresh. The margarita has too many chunks of tomato on it for my liking, but my wife enjoyed it. My Walt Whit draft was decent, and my wife said her cocktail was strong, I got another beer, and my wife a water to get her two drink minimum. 
Roy Wood Jr was great, and so were the opening acts. All in all it was a great outing, and I would go back again. It was. A bit pricy in my opinion for what we got (40 including tip... plus ticket prices and parking) so I give it four stars. 
TIP: It seems they give out a decent amount of comp tickets to shows on Goldstar so utilize that. You just pay fees of 8.50 a person. We only spent 17 on tickets between my wife and I.5 stars for me. When I think about it, this is actually one of my favorite venues in Philly. I've been here for a variety of events since this place opened up a couple years back including Dave Chappelle standup, Canelo vs GGG boxing viewing as well as some different day parties and every time I had fun. I never actually ate food here but I just like the space. You got the outdoor area for sunny days, inside island bar and then the actual event area. The event area where they do a lot of the stand up shows is nice, intimate and classy. Servers come around making sure people are good with food and drinks. Perfect trendy setting for 20 and 30 somethings.
Oh yea there's a couple different free parking lots a block north of this venue. Well at least it's usually free I believe. Sometimes they may charge event parking.This place has the potential to be good but the service and staff really fall short. 
Have been here 3 times and honestly wont be giving it another shot. Each time we have gone the service seems to be non existent. The second time attending a comedy show here it took over 30 minutes just to order a drink. After waiting another 10 minutes for the drinks I got up and went to the bar to ask for my drinks. They were sitting there but bartender said the server had to bring them to my table. When they actually brought the drinks it was quite possibly the worst cocktail I've ever tasted. Undrinkable and a waste of money. Server never apologized about wait time or asked why we didn't drink hardly any of the drinks. Being this place is a two drink minimum and we didn't feel like waiting to the end of the show to get our second drink we got up and walked out. Will not be returning to this venue even tho they get decent headliners. It's the principle of the matter. I'll just stick to the smaller venues where you can actually get service.I had a great time at punchline philly. This was my first time here and I couldn't have asked for anything more. Getting inside was easy and everyone was extremely nice. The lights were on at first allowing people to get to their seats and grab a first drink or bite to eat. Soon the lights dimmed and a mesmerizing stage was lit by a philly skyline made from metal pipes (this was the coolest piece of decor and I will remember it as the signature of punchline philly). The main act was comedian Chris Porter, let me tell you, he's hilarious. The opening acts were also very funny (chip chantry specifically). As soon as I left punchline philly I knew that I would definitely be back.
This was an easy 5/5.Food was only average but there was a great staff that was there to help at all times and the venue itself was really great! A lot of personality to the place which I enjoyed! Would definitely go againLucked out with two good comedians. Place was clean. We were sat at a very corner table against a wall, we asked to move to a better seat but they told us our seats were fine. Tons of tables in center of stage towards back open but they closed them off probably to make room seem more full? After $20 to park and $$22.50 per ticket (luckily I won two free tickets, bought one for my group of three), we found out there is a two drink minimum in addition to the purchase. I ordered 2 martinis and was charged $15 each-- even the good martinis places don't charge that--highway robbery. Our our bill was $86 before tip for two small appetizers and a few drinks. Overall a good show and had fun but left feeling ripped off on my drinks. They had a few drinks on the menu around $10, they really should let you know they're gonna charge you $30 for your two drinks.I really enjoyed the venue overall. I would go back. However, I know to eat dinner before the show, the food wasn't bad but for the price not great and for the price portions were very small on most items. The drinks were great though and the beer selection was decent, not bad prices on the drinks for Philly. The bartender handling the bar before the show and during happy hour was friendly and the security and staff at the box office were very helpful and friendly.
My big recommendation to the venue would be to make sure you're keeping an eye on the patrons. I was at a show last night and my friend and I, were seated at a table next to two girls who were not only drunk but rude and loud. There are several rules at the venue which include no cell phones, no heckling, and to keep table chatting to a quite minimum. I think these are reasonable rules but if you aren't going to enforce them don't bother having them. The two women did get asked to put their cellphones away (they broke that rule immediately and both started taking pictures and filming as soon as the headliner walked out). We were sitting front and center, my friend could touch the stage but there were actually times where we had a hard time understanding the act because of them. I didn't see anyone scold them but the people they were seated with told me after that they were upset about it, I saw one person at table behind them try to say something, and the act himself actually told them to chill out (unfortunately I think they were a little to drunk to get he wasn't kidding). I didn't see security come over and say anything though which was frustrating. The one good thing is they didn't get their 4th drinks in before last call and were told no.
Like I said the venue itself is nice, good seating, nice staff overall, I would go and try it out again but if I ran into a similar incident and the staff didn't do anything to enforce the rules, I'm not sure I would try it a third time.Saw an advertisement on Eventbrite for a Sundaze day party for Sunday 10/8/17 from 3-8 pm. Thought ok, cool, definitely want to check it out, so I put in an Uber and arrived here just to see it was closed with no signs on the door stating their business hours. The hours listed on yelp claim it's open on Sundays, so not sure why when I arrived there was no one there.  Luckily I was able to relocate to another place in the vicinity, but this was a huge annoyance nonetheless and I'm glad i didn't purchase any tickets beforehand for it.Came to Punch Line Philly in the beginning of July for a meet and greet / drag show. When we arrived we got our bracelets and were told to sit at the bar until a crowd or line formed. Punch Line has a two drink minimum. It's required once you are in the showroom. -- Although I knew about the minimum, I didn't realize it was only in the showroom. So I ordered a beer out by the bar thinking it would contribute to that. My fault. We also decided to order an app because we were starving. We ordered the margherita pizza. It was pretty good! The crust was so flakey making a mess everywhere though.
Once it was time to form for the meet and greet, they had a line literally wrapping around the outside of the building. Things went pretty fast which was nice. The staff was definitely efficient in getting everyone in and out. When entering the showroom someone will guide you to your seats. Our table was directly, front row and center of the stage. What luck!
Once I was informed that our outdoor drink didn't contribute we were talked into ordering the larger margarita because it would count as two drinks and we would be hitting our minimum. It was $48 for two margaritas (ridiculous) -- not to mention it tasted like juice. Made our stomachs hurt quite a bit after too. 
Three stars for the staff / out door bartender / pizza. I definitely would come back for another show, but Punch Line is just your typical comedy club. Nothing out of this world.The pineapple upside down was so delicious! Kudos to the cook. The atmosphere is very cozy, comfortable, and live.Well, what can I say? I attended a show here with my dear friends to see my "Bubbe" Natalie Levant dazzle the masses with her schtick with several other female comics. I traveled over an hour by train to get here. I was cranky with post-SEPTA stress syndrome.
Not for long. The very moment that I stepped on the door, I was impressed. I was greeted by a surprisingly polite and friendly security team at the metal detector . They were all smiles and warmth. The club itself was very clean, modern, and the antithesis of the seedy comedy joints that I've grown used to. 
The bartender greeted my as if I'd been coming for years (it was my first time) and made a lovely vodka and 7 for only $7. I fully expected the prices to be higher. So I was happy about that because, I was kinda broke but, couldn't let my Bubbe down and miss this show. Again, the bar was super clean and the ladies behind the bar were all sharp (even in just tee-shirts and jeans) and looked professional and lovely. Again, all smiles. 
My gal pal and I were escorted to our stage-side table and the room itself was fantastic. There didn't appear to be a bad seat anywhere. The crowd was still coming in and it filled up pretty quickly. Great stage! Our server, Tim, was an absolute Doll. We didn't order much because we already had eaten. Next time, I'll go hungry because the menu was terrific. She had the caesar salad and finished the entire thing without ANY complaints (totally unlike her). She loved it. I had more fabulous V & 7s and enjoyed the experience and great service.
My night was complete with a truly talented cast of comediennes, professionals each and every one. I loved the show. My Bubbe killed.
She was a hit! But, we knew this already. Lol.
I highly recommend the Punch Line, I applaud the crew that helped make my night so memorable, and take my hat off to the managers that make the wheels turn. I will be back very soon!This place was nice. My date and I were put right in the front so we could see Chris Frangelo in all his glory. The house comedians were so funny! Parking is $20 on the lot right next to it. On weekends there is free parking in surrounding areas. It was a fun night!I came here for the "really funny comedians (who happen to be women)" this was a yelp event/collaboration. I had a lot of fun! There is a two item minimum here because there are tables and wait staff. The drinks didn't seem to be too much more expensive than usual. It was $6 for a bud light draft though. 
The comedians were funny and the atmosphere was awesome - wait staff was fast and attentive and we had our checks paid before the headliner was finished so we could head right out when it was over. Would recommend! Just not a fan of the two item minimumMy son and I went to the Punch Line and really had a fun night. Sat at a 4 top and met a lovely couple who we laughed and chatted with. Gina Yashere was hysterical!!! Go!!!Great atmosphere, small cocktail list but decent selection of liquor and wine. Small food list too...  don't come hungryMy friends and I went to Golden Girls Trivia Night on a Monday. The Trivia organizers were fantastic and the game was fun. The venue, not so much.
In the promotional email that we received for the Trivia Night, we were told there would be a happy hour. When we asked our server what the happy hour specials were, she said there was not one. We were perturbed by the false advertising, but stayed to play anyway.
When it came time for our check, we were all overcharged and it took multiple attempts by the manager to correct. Not a professional experience from Punch Line.No laughs here. Your free tickets mean nothing. We had registered tickets online for the 10 pm show. They didn't even start letting anyone in until 10:15 and there was a massive line of almost over 400. After waiting awhile in line with no direction we were told 320 people would get in and we were at the 300 mark and would get in. Security was painfully slow letting people in. Around 10:40 they stopped letting people in all together and said they had to count how many spots they had left... How do you not know how many people you (ever so slowly) let in and how many chairs you have in your facility?! Everyone in the line was getting super annoyed and starting leaving. After waiting five more minutes we found out only 40 more were going to be let in and we had 60 people in front of us.  They said they had added a 12 pm show but after waiting in line for an hour and half for nothing we called it a bust. Jokes on us.First time here to see Earthquake, who is always funny. The seating was perfect glad I didn't pay for VIP which seemed very crammed to me, was it at a table right in front of the stage right behind VIP which was perfect, it was right in front of the main isle. The booths are way in the back glad I didn't pick those. It's supposed to be first come first seat but they make sure VIP's are seated right in from of the stage. You are not allowed to take pics of the comedians like at other comedy clubs.
Arrived 1 hour before the show, found parking on the street,  Sugar House is across Columbus Blvd, it's a far walk on a snowy, cold night & not sure if Sugar House watches their lot to see whose parking & tow. Punchline was bigger than I thought and the floor is flat not elevated so of you're short and sitting in the back that could be a problem if someone y'all is sitting in front of you. Also found out if you purchase event tix at the box office there are no fees. Great place, good price, Maple Bourbon wings were good. Will go back again. Can see good comedians for a not "beat you over the head price".Good shows. They do have free ticket chances which is awesome. Not great service. We called for wine carafe. They served carafe without wine glass. 20 mins into the show we are looking for glasses. Then server gives us 1 glass full of ice. The whole party has to be together, even if 2-3 people are right in front of the line leaving 2 options wait till ur whole party has come or you have to sit to separately. Then we get seated in 2nd row with few of the front tables empty. When asked if we could sit in front the person rudely says this is ur table for now instead of saying that front row was reserved or anything. I mean he could just simply say it's reserved instead giving us an attitude.Full disclaimer I went here during a pre-opening show so it wasn't packed. Our waiter was super attentive and really nice, the atmosphere was great and we generally had a nice night. The drinks were reasonably priced for a comedy club. Some of the greeters were a little cold/"too cool," they seemed super young. We didn't try the food.I'm glad to have a comedy place in the neighborhood though and I'm excited to go back now that it's fully open!We came here on a Friday night as we had won free tickets to a comedy show. It is two drinks per person mandatory. We ordered a piture that was around $22 . There were other stand-up comedy hands before the main show be found that couple of standard comedians were better than the main show. The quality of the comedy increased as the evening progressed. It does two drink minimum per person so people can also order two bottles of water which is around $3 each. There is a Yelp discount of $5 / $20 bill but that is only if you order food. We found that the hard way. Although the Yelp discount doesn't say so but our Hostess mention that the discount is only offered if you order food. But since we ordered only drinks we had to pay the full amount.
Overall a decent place to spend the evening.Cousin and I went here to see JB SMOOVE.  Place was nice.  Didn't get food, ate beforehand across the street and bought hot dogs from a guy in the street who was selling it from tupperware in his trunk of his mini van.  Anyways, drinks at this place were good.  Nice atmosphere.This is a nice spot to stop in for a laugh or see a particular act. The service can be hit or miss as sometimes when they have popular acts they seem understaffed and wait time for food or drinks can be a little long. Nice environment with a nice crowd in a good location. Parking can be a little pricey on the weekends.Got these tickets for my husband and I for our first anniversary last weekend. The comedian was great, but the service, not so much. Thinking we were going to have a few drinks at the show, we chose to not get any during our dinner before. We arrived early, but our server did not take a drink order for about 20 minutes. He ran my credit card and brought it back, but no drinks ever arrived. In the middle of the show he came and asked how everything was. We mentioned our drinks never came and he apologized and said I'll go check on that right away. No drinks ever ever came the whole show (for us or the couple sitting with us). At the end of the show our server came over with the bill... It was not that big of a venue.. I'm really not sure how we got missed. I'm surprised to see that this is not the first time this has happened here. Thankfully, we didn't decide to eat dinner there or else we would have been pretty hungry. It's funny to enforce a 2 drink minimum and then not even let people pay for them...We came here on a Wednesday night for a women only comedian lineup and really had pretty good time!  This is the third or fourth comedy bar that we've been to around the country and I feel like they all have a similar vibe.  Generally packed, generally decorated with pipe and drape and generally pretty overpriced for food and drink so it was OK!  The outside walking up to it looks pretty legit as opposed to other establishments that were down an alley or in a basement - it's definitely a very welcoming front facade.  All around... A-OK!About 15% of the seats are on the sides of the stage witch may be fine for a stand up act but if the show is visual your left looking at the side of a person preforming for the rest of the room (if they stand to far back on stage u can't see them at allI came here for a Yelp Elite event this past Wednesday night. The headline was Really Funny Comedians (Who Happen to be Women!) Standup show. The lineup was awesome. I particularly liked Hannah and Erica. Even the host was pretty entertaining.  Some of the jokes had me legitimately laughing, but mostly it was all pretty giggle-worthy and provided good entertainment. I ordered the tacos (1 beef, 1 veggie and 1 fried fish). The food was honestly pretty mediocre. Very disappointing. I'd probably stick with ordering the greasier food that is hard to mess up (chicken tenders and fries). I also had 2 Kronenbourg beers that were lukewarm but at least tasted like beer. Giving it a 4 for the venue customer service and the comedians, but seriously, can you get a new chef?!Went here for the Really Funny Comedians (Who Happen to be Women!) Standup show. The lineup was good for a Wednesday night event and the headliner was awesome. It wasn't really a laugh riot like The Comedy Cellar in NYC, but it was worth the drive and time.
The setup is good. They have the Philly skyline behind the stage, constructed will happiness and backlit with LEDs. I was seated right up front against the stage, so I had the best view. I am not sure if the experience suffers in the back. Overall, a very good experience.
There was a 2 item minimum that night, and I made the mistake of ordering food. The hummus and pita was not up to par with even the average Mediterranean joint in the city. I would recommend sticking to the alcohol when ordering here.
The staging area has a bar with inside and outside seating. With it's proximity to SugarHouse Casino (just walk across the street), you can really make a night out of going here with a lot of things to do. Overall, a very positive experience.I think i do like this comedy club but it really depends on the comedian.  Last show, pretty good. Tonight sucked ass. Show was to start at 10:15.  It actually started at 11:15pm. The opening act was soooooooooo bad. Usually if I'm enjoying myself I don't notice the two drink minimum. Tonight I was absolutely irritated about the two drink minimum.  I didn't want to order drinks. The comedian was soooo bad, I'm not sure I will return unless I know the comedian. PS. They make you make pay for your bill as soon as you order like McDonalds.  Sooooo fuckin classy!!! I want my money backWas able to score last minute tickets here last night to see Ian Bagg. The place is a short uber ride from center city and has a cool vibe. It was our first comedy club visit and we're pleasantly surprised. The announcer warm up guy was alright. The second guy, Chip Chantry was pretty funny but OMG Ian Bagg had us rolling the whole show. There's not a bad seat in the house. The drinks are good and unique. First round was very delayed as someone forgot to put the order in but round 2 and 3 came out lickady split. You can even get $5 off $20 order if you check in on Yelp. Unfortunately we forgot to use ours. Also there is a 2 drink min which isn't a challenge for us to comply with. We didn't eat here, but menu looked pretty good. At $22.50 per ticket we will def be back for a good time.Absolutely horrible. The over priced drinks and tickets are an outrage. It's so frustrating that it takes away from the comics because all you want to do is leave. They will force you to do a two drink minimum even if you are driving!! Won't ever go back! Staff is horrible and rude as well.