Hit and miss food coupled with slow service yield a mediocre lunch experience. My girlfriend and I shared three taco orders. The beef brisket had interesting spicy tastes and was overall a great dish which I would order again. The chicken dish was fine, but fairly bland. The mushroom tacos I could've done without.SloWWWWWWWWWWW service for the lunch time rush i waited in line for almost 15 minutes and there were only 3 people in front of me. The yelp deal ( 1.00 for a black bean taco sort of made up for it, but barely).
I ordered the two black bean tacos which were pretty decent in size. The beans were standard but the mild salsa i chose revived them for sure. I opted for my guacamole on the side so i could dip my chips in. I really wanted to try the fish tacos next time im in a pinch for lunch ill keep this place in mind unless im in a rush ......Went at 7:00 on Tuesday evening.  We were told before we ordered there is no chicken and no black bean tacos. Ok- we ordered beef brisket and fish chili tacos. Beef brisket was made up before they cooked the fish for that taco. Obviously the beef was cold before it was eaten. Meager amount of food in the tiny taco shell. Nothing to note about the taste. The staff had zero personality. Very poorly executed. Very poor all around.  Clearly will not be returning. Good idea but not well done.What a terrible experience!  I put in an order for delivery for 4 people and 80% of it was incorrect and the rest was ice cold.  Normally I'd give the place the benefit of the doubt but this is the SECOND TIME I've received incorrect items from this place.  Shame on me for giving them another try.  When I called, I got passed around to 3 different people because all managers were on a "conference call".  Extremely disappointed and will never order from Pure Tacos again.Not a huge fan of this place primarily because of the service. They always seem to be out of at least one key ingredient, such as guacamole, and often do not have multiple items listed on their menu. The service was very curt last time I went, and I noticed they were pretty rude to other customers as well. The tacos are fairly standard and certainly do not compensate for the poor quality of service.Brown rice was cooked perfectly, very fluffy! Very difficult to cook that stuff, let alone to such perfection as was done at PT.
Black beans were absolutely delicious with ever a hint of cilantro.
Not feeling real good about not getting a receipt though. She said I would get one on my e-mail. That was over two hours ago.Um WTF? They are closing? I really did love it here and ate here at least 10 times with none of the problems that anyone else mentioned. But I'm assuming it's those things that led to their demise. Damn shame. Another safe GF haven gone.Wanted to try this place for a long time. Even for a while in OC. Walked past today by accident and decided to go in. Not one single person in there for lunch (which is a bad sign to begin with) Walked in and up to the counter. First thing I noticed is that the air doesn't work! It was cooler outside then it was in there. The second thing I notice is the kitchen area was SO dirty and grimy. The grill and fryer areas had such a grease build up that you couldn't see the stainless steal and everything looked like it had not been cleaned in weeks! (mind you they just opened a few weeks ago) , the floor had all food on it, and the steam table area is disorganized and dirty and had all kinds of food droppings on everything.The set up is sort of like Chiplote but more confusing. I got the chicken taco and the bean taco. Both were very flavorless especially the chicken. I preferred the bean over the chicken but still both had not an ounce of flavor, even with all the sauces on them. The tortilla sell was stale and hard too! The salsas served on the side I got 3 mild ones and every single one was bland, flavorless and tasted the same. The guy behind the counter really didn't know what he was doing or how to make the tacos because he kept asking the girl what went on each.  $7 for 2 tacos!  The only good thing here is the mix and match (can choose any 2 tacos)  but even that is messed up. You can't get fish, or mushrooms. I was disappointed with that because I wanted to get the fish. If you are going to do a mix and match then you need to be able to mix and match anything off the menu and not just certain things and you need to put on the menu that you can't do certain items (not just tell people) I would have been better giving my $7 to the homeless guy on the side of the street. This place has a lot of bad reviews and I figured I'd give them a shot anyway.  I shouldn't have gone and just kept walking by. Next time I will walk by and not go in. They just opened a few weeks ago and with food and prices like this, and if they don't get their act together!, i'm almost certain they will be closed very shortly, just like all the other places that open around the city like this one!Day 1
Walked-in to get Fish Tacos [ so hard to do around here in CC] saw the price for 2, $7.sth -almost $8, and walked right out, mad disappointed.
Day 2
Went anyways because my heart wouldn't listen to my wallet, ugh, ordered the fish tacos. The cook put the fish on the pan and seared it infront of us, Result, 2 massive tacos with a side of awsome tortilla chips. The crema on top, the salsa all fresh and amazing! I did not need 3 tacos and could could tell right away why they are $8. Id rather have some chips and salsa than another taco. The fish fresh, abundance of cilantro and onion on 2 tortillas just how it should be. 
Must go and def recommend. Its very hard to get fish in a fast food form without  it tasting awful and this location is killer ! Our cook was super polite and apologized to us for running out of Mushroom Tacos, and gave one of the entrees to us for free. What do u get anything delicious and under $10 bucks these days anyways, not to mention genuine customer service?
P.S: The salsas could be better, but ill take it. Just saying.No real flavor, nothing special. I do appreciate gluten free options though.Tried this place for lunch since I saw the two free taco yelp check in deal. The deal was two free smoked turkey tacos, these were a special taco at thanksgiving so they didn't have it anymore and offered to substitute it with the chorizo with avocado crema and pineapple bacon salsa. The chorizo was cooked to order and not greasy like other reviewers mentioned. The overall flavor of all the components was very good and they were packed full so I was full after the two. The salsa verde was pretty bad, it didn't taste like tomatillo at all and was so full of black pepper that completely canceled out all the other flavors, it could stand a good dose of lime too. I might come back, I saw them cooking up some fish tacos that looks pretty good.For the price, I was expecting something much better. 
I ordered the authentic chicken on brown rice. I was starving by the time I got the food, but even as hungry as I was, I am only able to give this place two stars. The entire meal was lukewarm when I got it.  The chicken was dry and flavorless.  The brown rice was a bit under-cooked. I couldn't even taste the salsa so I can't even tell you what it was like.  
I had to wait over 15 minutes before I was even able to place an order even though there was only 2 people in front of me.  I wished I walked out during the wait and got something from El Fuego down the street.  
For the price, there are much better options in the Rittenhouse area.Given that this place has only been open for a month, I think that some of the reviews may have been overly harsh.  I like it enough that I will definitely be back in the future to try some different menu items; that being said, while it's conceptually nice, the service pleasant and quick, and the orange chili fish tacos very good, it's definitely going to need some more work to win over a larger audience. Clearly, the portion size is on the smaller size, but not unreasonably so, and the ingredients were fresh and tasty, but it doesn't stand out so far above the crowd that it gives everyone a compelling reason to go out of their way to eat here.This place is my favorite taco place in Philly. It's really easy walking distance from where I am.. I get the pulled pork tacos with extra guacamole every time. 
PERFECTION.ummm.. idk what everybody's bitching about.. Pure Tacos is the awesome. Ive been here thrice since they opened (ummm... like 3 weeks ago) and its been great every time from the service to the very filling black bean tacos, which were absolutely delish! 5 stars for pure tacos =)To be honest, I was shocked at how good the tacos were. This block of Chestnut Street has never been a food mecca. But I lived in Mexico for a time and, since those days, I have eaten many tacos on this side of the border. I usually avoid steak tacos in the U.S. because they aren't cooked properly and are often tough. However, the Pure Tacos steak tacos were moist, perfectly seasoned and scrumptious as tenderloin. The mushroom tacos were also good if you are a vegetarian. Sauces were nice -- not too spicy, not too dull. Service was totally adorable since they haven't been open very long and are not jaded. I think this place is a great addition to downtown eating.Let me begin by saying, in contrast to many other people, I was NOT looking for an alternative to Chipotle and Qdoba. In fact, I'd say that if you are, go to El Fuego, it's delicious. But I will also say that the two former are already delectable as they stand.
Pure Tacos is just awful. They should probably coin a motto to the tune of, "Our stuff is so pure, we don't use any seasoning, on anything!"
I tried the beef, the chicken bacon ranch, the bbq pork and the brisket - all of which tasted the same: bland - the only differing factor, and this might even be a stretch, was the texture of each meat. 
The "hot" salsa was mild, at best, with no trace of the advertised "peaches, habanero peppers, green onions, garlic, cider vinegar." The guacamole might have been squeezed from an over-sized plastic bag from Costco.
If you want flavor in your food, steer clear of Pure Tacos.I was desperate for tacos and made the mistake of trying this place out.
Worst tacos (and the worst meal) I've ever had. Q'doba and El Fuego is sadly better than this place.  The tacos are as authentic as Chipotle and that shit they serve at El Rey.
Flavor was bland, meat was cold, meat to veggie ratio was dismal, tortilla chips were way over salted, and salsa was just bad. They seriously need to think about improving their food before "aggressively expanding" as it says on their website.I went here for the first day, so there are good shots that a lot of these issues have been since ironed out, but I will talk about all aspects here.
When I walked into the door, it was a really nice decor. Clean and very well put together. The place is a very clean modern version of a QDoba or Chipotle that makes more gourmet tacos, if you will (and are 100% gluten free if you care).  I noticed that it's July and the inside was warmer than outdoors, but it was tolerable. When I got to ordering, I got the Authentic Chicken Tacos while my friend got the Classic Chicken Tacos, as well a sharing of Chips and Guacamole.  
We went through the line, and they made our tacos in front of us. They give you two tacos and a portion of chips with it, which I really liked because I always want chips with my tacos at El Fuego, QDoba, or Chipotle. We were stuck with our food made waiting for the cashier to take 10 minutes to finally fix the order with the person in front of us. That was pretty annoying. Having only one cashier was really bad when the line was stuck and the rest of customers had their food ready and no way to pay. The manager was also way too busy talking to her friend and making sure she got an extra taco instead of helping the struggling cashier with her first day. Sigh.
When we got to the cashier, she did not offer a receipt, forgot to ring up the chips and guacamole, so I had to clarify it. I also noticed that they put a salsa on your guacamole without asking so if you want just pure guacamole, then you must ask for that or else they'll throw the salsa verde on it anyways.
Anyhow, we finally got our food and drinks and sat down to eat it.  The tacos are amazing. The meat is really well cooked and fresh, and robust. The salsa verde was great, especially with the cilantro and marinade on the authentic tacos.  My friend really enjoyed his classic tacos as well. This is a vast improvement to QDoba or El Fuego and on food alone with respect to pricing, you cannot beat these tacos in the Rittenhouse area.  This is what we needed.
We then tried the guacamole and then realized why they are putting salsa in it: it simply cannot stand alone. If it has anything more than avocado, lime and cilantro, the rest of the flavors completely overpower it.  There's a heavy amount of cilantro, to the point where full leaves are in every bite. It was simply bland without any aid of salsa, so I don't recommend the guacamole outright. It's just simply not well made without any sprucing of other flavors. This was a big disappointment after such a great taco.
In all, it loses two stars mainly because the staff was not doing well (though I imagine this will change after the first day, and I will edit this as time progresses) and the guacamole is just not potent if not for the sheer amount of cilantro, which does not guacamole make. 
I wish one could mix and match the two tacos from different styles. But it's still a great deal and I think getting two different tacos and trading one is the best way to explore this place.
Overall verdict: I will be going here over QDoba on the corner of 19th and Chestnut, over Chipotle on Walnut St, and over El Fuego if I don't want a frozen margarita during happy hour.  I'm happy it's in the neighborhood, and excited to give it more stars when it finally gets the kinks out from first opening.Not very tasty (i had some popular taco recommended by the staff) but frankly, I'd rather go to Chipotle or El Ray or across the street to Qdoba). Most importantly i thought it was a total rip-off in terms of value. I was seriously offended with what I got for what I paid. For roughly 8 bucks you get a tiny portion, consisting of useless nacho chips (with little salsa) taking up half the plate and two tiny moderately tasty tacos. And the toppings are bland. Plus, I wanted tacos, not nachos! There are simply too many other good options in the vicinity that taste better and are way cheaper! If the owners are reading it -- reconsider your value proposition and competitive advantage or you'll be out of business. Im definitely not going again.SERIOUS ATTITUDE!
WOW, is all i can say regarding the rudeness of a certain employee that works here. I walked in to check this place out after reading about in on Yelp and happened to park close by. There was no sign for "order here" or "pay here" so I just stood behind a lady with her son/daughter in their stroller. It took a couple minutes for her to finish her to-go order, pay, and leave. After about 5 minutes or so I was told I was standing incorrectly and pointed me to where I should be standing to order. There was a another gentleman that arrived after I did and was standing on the opposite side. He even said along with the lady ahead of me that I was next in line. Mind you the lady with the stroller was standing in front of the iPad (pick up/pay area) the whole time she ordered and waited for her food. 
Anyway, I minded my own and moved the the left and ordered. The fish taco for 2 with some chips and A VERY TINY salsa container came to about $8+. It was so oily that there was a pool of oil on the bottom of my plate. The fish tasted dry and overcooked. 
Sorry to say I will never come to this place. The workers are rude and unprofessional. They need to learn how to interact with customers and not use cell phones right in front of patrons.2 Stars for a good/warm tortilla, chips and a well cooked steak. 
Got the weekly special "Steak House" today for lunch. freshly cooked to order..but the pairings in this taco just did not work...the mushrooms were seasoned with some sort of raw spice that was just overpowering the entire taco..there was no saving it...even after i took the pieces of mushroom out, the seasoning on it was still there :( BLEHI found this place randomly walking around and decided to try it out. Everything here is gluten free so it would be great if I had any allergies to it but I don't. Usually things that are gluten free taste kinda of bland but theses tacos weren't bad and they had a good variety. I tried the chicken bacon ranch taco which was very good and the cheeseburger taco which was not that good.
 It is a change from places like Chipotle and Qdoba and worth trying out. Overall a pretty good experience. The staff was nice and the place is small but has a nice modern atmosphere. If I needed gluten free food I would definitely go here a lot more.This place houses among the worst tacos I have ever eaten. Overstuffed tacos wrapped with weird half-soft half-staleish tortillas that house bland fillings. 4 tacos, a small side of flavorless salsa and guac, and bag of chips was $20. 4 tacos. I literally took a couple bites, left, and went to Shake Shack. On the plus side, the line has really gone down at Shake Shack.My boyfriend and I were eager to try Pure Tacos, since we live in the neighborhood and love mexican food. We went here on the first day and they have a few kinks to work out.
The value is not the best. For two orders of tacos and 2 drinks, the total came to $22. (one order consists of 2 medium-sized tacos of your choice and a small handful of chips for $8.50, after tax)
Although the tacos come with chips, I wish they were accompanied with salsa. After I ate the 2 tacos, I was a bit confused about what to do with the chips. They seemed like an afterthought. If the chips came with a small side of salsa, their presence would have made more sense.
Half of the tacos on the menu are made with quick things that were on a steam table. The other half of the tacos on the menu are made with ingredients cooked to order on a stove. Since our order consisted of 1 quick taco and 3 tacos with stove-cooked ingredients, the chicken taco was made as we ordered it, and we waited awkwardly at the register for about 5 minutes, until the tacos with stove-cooked ingredients were prepared. 
There was some ordering confusion also. After we placed our order, we were asked twice to verify (and subsequently repeat correctly) the order. There seemed to be a lack of communication between the person taking orders (who was also the cashier) and the chef. I'm sure this can be easily ironed out.
The "quick chicken taco" (which was made 5 minutes before the other tacos)  was cold by the time we sat down to eat, and it was not very flavorful. The steak taco was delicious and the steak was juicy and cooked perfectly with good flavor. The 2 fish tacos we ordered were good, but not great. It would be nice to know what kind of fish they used.
Also, since the only option for drinks is to buy them in a plastic bottle, I was puzzled by the lack of recycling containers. Many of the Gluten-free, health conscious crowd seem to be progressives who are interested in recycling, and a recycling bin would be a good addition.
Pure Tacos has tremendous potential, but I'm in no rush to return. Granted, this is their first day. They need to make ordering a quicker process and figure out an accompaniment for the chips.
Overall suggestions:
- Self-serve salsa bar (for the chips that accompany the tacos)
- Recycling for the plastic bottles
- Table-side delivery for eat-in customers who order tacos with ingredients cooked on the stove
- specify type of fish in fish tacos8 dollars for 2 tacos and a couple tortilla chips, nothing special. 
Confusing where to stand in line to order. Stood behind 4 people only for about 5 min. before I realized (and they realized) that they were not standing in the "order" line. There needs to be a clearer sign. Bad layout. 
Taco chicken was lukewarm in temperature. Beef was burnt. When I got to the condiment section, the worker just started to pile things on, without asking me if I wanted them. Who puts mayonnaise on a beef taco without my suggestion? Just unorthodox. 
I strongly do not recommend this place.I debated giving Pure Tacos a 3, but then I was impressed with their customer service, so I felt it was only right to bump them up to 4. 
A friend and I stopped in here for lunch today.  I went with the black bean tacos, which were actually very well-seasoned and flavorful.  The corn tortillas were fresh and the order came with tortilla chips and a side of salsa (I went with the red salsa, but their peach salsa sounded fantastic). 
As I made my way back to my table and sat down, though, I ended up dropping my ENTIRE order of tacos in my lap.  Obviously, I made a huge mess of myself, the floor, the chair, and even the wall next to our table (and I was wearing white shorts - talk about a nightmare)!  The staff helped me clean it up and they remade my order, free of charge.  I know not every place would do this, so I really appreciated that they were able to look past my bonehead move and hook me up with another lunch.  
I think they still have some kinks to work out behind the counter, but I did get my food quickly and it was decent.  And like I said, they helped me clean up my mess and they remade my food for free.  I will definitely visit Pure Tacos again.Black bean tacos.
Godawful. Some soupy beans in chewy tortillas topped by a few condiments from bottles sprayed over the top like some backyard BBQ gone terribly awry. Any other mex place that has flat pricing ALWAYS includes guacamole free on veggie items, since charging the same price for some dried legumes as you do for pulled pork is ludicrous. 
After choosing to spring $5 for the Dixie cup if guacamole, you find out it is some nasty avocado mash probably packaged months ago, which has the bonus of tasting like it was cut with some cheap safflower oil. 
Then you think you can save it with some chips, because what doesn't taste better on some deep fried corn? Nope. Greasy, over salted, and flimsy.
I should have read reviews before rolling the dice and wasting $15 at this place.Day three of Pure Tacos. No wait. Also, no credit cards, as their system was down. No problem.
$7 gets you two tacos and some chips (Laura C., they're giving you small containers of salsa now) for a total of 470 calories. I had the authentic chicken with a sprinkling of roasted corn. 
I usually get black bean tacos at joints like these. I have to admit, I like to play it safe for fear of biting into an unsightly cube of chicken. However, I noticed the super juicy looking pulled chicken breast and decided to go for gold. They pack a lot of chicken into one taco, and not once did I pull out a grisly piece of fat or bone. The chicken, albeit moist, definitely needed a kick and I had to ask for hot sauce (Hey Pure Tacos, you should probably keep hot sauce on your tables). 
"Citrus guacamole" comes from a bottle. I don't know about you, but guacamole should never be so thin that you can make it squirt like ketchup. Keep it chunky, keep it funky.
Pure Tacos gets four stars because the quality of meat soars above Chipotle or Qdoba. Really, though. Guac in a bottle? Doesn't seem that pure to me.Everything is gluten-free (Yay!)  Lots of interesting flavors (Yay!)  Even my 13-year-old who isn't gluten-free loved his chicken bacon ranch and cheeseburger tacos (Yay!)  Great place.Pure Tacos is a small Rittenhouse lunch spot that falls into the same category as places like HipCityVeg, Honeygrew, and Sweetgreen: getting you to pay more for fast food while trying to make you feel good about it.  With a hip modern interior and varied menu that prides itself on using fresh food and gluten-free ingredients, most of the food sounds better than it actually tastes.  And while it's a perfectly fine taco joint, it's not a Chipotle substitute.
Going in, I was already disappointed since my first choice for lunch was closed, but I figured I would give Pure Tacos a try.  They have a mix of standard and premium tacos, which can be served as nachos, salad, or over rice if you want.  They also have a wide range of salsa and guacamole options.  I decided to go for a standard (authentic chicken) and a premium (bbq pulled pork) to get a broad range of the menu.  A typical portion is two tacos with some chips and salsa.  I splurged for a side of guacamole.
Of the two, I like the pork taco better, but not by much.  The pork taco was kind of dry.  Even though the outside was dripping in sauce, the inside meat was surprisingly flavor-free.  However, the ratio of ingredients on the taco was decent, as it wasn't too messy and I didn't feel like it was falling apart on me.  The chicken taco was sort of bland, not particularly flavorful, and was spilling out on both sides.  The one thing that saved the meal was the guac: it tasted very fresh and was extremely satisfying.
Pricewise it's little much, and unlike HipCityVeg, I'm still not sure it was money well spent.  One odd quirk about the menu is that most tacos are mix and match (i.e. you can get a beef and a chicken), but some you have to get two in one sitting (grilled steak, fish, mushrooms).  Why is that?  Doesn't seem like a smart idea and definitely not a way to get people to try a flavor.
Overall, the food was ok, the decor was nice, and it was kind of pricey for what it was.  Fine if nearby El Fuego or Chipotle are closed.  I'd still rather eat here than Qdoba.Don't eat here. Seriously.
We went for a quick dinner tonight, and we will not be returning. Ever.
The food was wretched. Yes, wretched. In short, the tortilla chips were stale. The salsa verde should be renamed salt verde. They were out of numerous menu options (at 6PM on a Tuesday). The beef taco was, outside of pure salt itself, literally the saltiest thing I've ever tasted. And yes, I mean literally. I took two bites, and that was two bites too many.
I have no idea how this place managed to stay in business for more than 48 hours. It was some of the worst food I've had in this town.I wanted to like this place.  It looks cool and hip from the outside.  They advertise several vegetarian options.  Seems like my kind of place!  But it wasn't.  I got both the black bean and the seared mushroom tacos.  The black bean one was super bland.  it was literally black beans, like from a can, poured onto a tortilla.  The seared mushroom was a bit better but just more spicy and otherwise tasteless.  Both tacos were overloaded so they were messy and difficult to eat.  
The "guacamole" came from a squirt container, as well as the other salsas.  Salsa from a squirt container?  I was confused by this concept.  Also the containers lined up on the side for you to squirt salsa onto your nachos were SUPER DIRTY.  I think they should clean them more often.  I took one look at them and decided to eat my tortilla chips dry.  At $8 for 2 tacos, that weren't even good, I won't be back.  The guy at the counter was nice though.Bad news, don't waste your money. Dried out chicken. no guacamole. WTF. The place was filthy, trash cans overflowing, tables dirty. We were the only people in the store, no reason for the trash to be on the floor. WILL NOT GO BACK !!!Let me begin by saying I HATE chipotle and qdoba and was hoping for an alternative.
Went on a Saturday night for takeout and the place was empty?  First complaint is that this is a new place and the cashier guy was so apathetic looking and rude.  Didn't smile once or welcome me.  Mumbled the whole time.  I'm sorry, but at least show some excitement/spirit to your customers when you are in your opening period!
I ordered the seared mushroom tacos and the chips with peach habanero salsa and an honest tea.  Came out to something over 15 dollars.  
The cashier guy had no idea what to add to the tacos after the cook placed the mushrooms in the tacos.  He asked me what I wanted on it, and i said I wanted the "house" preparation aka what they have on the big menu.  The guy had no idea what I was talking about and kept on leaning over the counter and looking up at the big menu to see what he should put on it.  He wasn't sure which ingredient was in which bottle.  I ended up with some lackluster mushroom tacos with no flavor and which fell apart too easily.
The peach habanero salsa was awful!  Overly sweet It was pureed completely and I felt like i was dipping my chips in a peach smoothie.  I had to throw the salsa out.  Probably worst salsa I ever tried.
This is a one strike and your out place.  For the price I paid, the quality was just really bad.  The Philly food scene is just too competitive right now and I have to be impressed on my first visit for me to be a repeat customer.  I don't get how a place can open without showing any effort to impress and lure repeat customers.  
Los Taquitos de Puebla, Honest toms taco shop, don memos are all so far superior.  This place cant even compete with the quality of a taco truck/stand!R and I kept passing this joint and kept saying hey we have to try to go there. So on a dark and rainy. One of those bone chilling early november days right after the hurricane you know when it snowed? We went in. Well the place was freeeeeeeeeezing. The seats are made out of tinfoil and uncomfortable. I thought I might break them!
The food is lackluster and like everyone else has mentioned teeny tiny. So teeny tiny that we immediately left and went and had a second dinner. 
The service is also strange. No reason to return. We tried it. End of story.Walked past this place and stopped in on a whim.  I was hungry and tacos sounded good.  Two tacos for 7 bucks sounds like a good deal, but what they really mean is two tacos EXCEPT fish, steak and mushroom.  What's left?!  I settled for the bbq pork and braised beef, both of which were just...meh.  The sauces on both tacos were bland, and even though I had asked for mild sauce, there wasn't a hint of spiciness on either taco.  If anything, Pure Taco is just a more expensive version of Q-doba.  Blech.If you came when it just opened, PLEASE give this place another try. Or rather, don't - more food for me! Gluten-free, so already I'm sold. Amazing food, that weird new building smell is gone, and the kinks are all worked out. I came on the opening day and there sure was a lot to improve upon. I'm happy to report that they have fixed the kinks, and the food is delicious, fresh, and filling. Fish tacos take a little longer because they prepare to order, but that's a good thing, right? I went 4 days ago, and I'm still thinking about it...Purely Bad. 
Environment/ Service.
The service was slow, the place was hot, the line was long and the Ipad register/ credit card machine was borderline offensive. This is a restaurant, not a lemonade stand. Get a real register so people don't have to wait. I applaud the gentlemen who was working at  the "ipad" , he gave it a good effort and was working hard,but it was like trying to dig a hole with a paper cup. Slow and ineffective. Well enough about the register...The building itself was clean and tastefully decorated, and they clearly spent the time and money making it look good. 
Food. 
I really liked the menu choices, however the menu itself made no sense. Why are some tacos cooked to order (even though the menu says prepared, which is true of all of them, but only some are actually cooked on the spot) and others not. WHY!!! Also there is two prices for everything. Chips are included, but they aren't included at the same time? I don't get it. I got the hangar steak and my friend got the chicken so his were done quick and mine took 15 minutes. That is much too long to wait at a place like this. Also mine sucked. It was a tortilla, with salsa and spray bottle guac. Not exactly filling or appealing. Maybe they call it "Pure" because they don't put anything in them.They should call it "simple" because that's what it was. I could make this at home in 5 minutes just buy the meat cook it add a tortilla,salsa and guac and combine. It would probably be better, because I would actually attempt to fill it. 
Summary:
Save yourself the headache. Don't go here. Maybe come here in a month or two after they figure out the service side of things and maybe you can rate the food more honestly. 
Summary:
To the reviewer Brad P.  have you lost your mind? How the hell is this rinky dink place going compete with chipotle at all.  The don't give you enough food, it's not good, the service is slow, the menu makes no sense, you have to wait 15 minutes for your food if you get certain things, and the cash register itself makes the line 2x slower. Yeah Chipotle is really nervous about this place, which will probably not even be in business for more then 6 months.Bland. If not for my friend Cholula (that Mexican hot sauce that's everywhere), the brisket and pulled pork tacos that I had would have been nearly flavorless.  I read a press release type shout out on a blog touting their cheeseburger nachos.  What you get is a mound of dry, unseasoned (maybe a little salt?) ground beef with some shredded cheddar, iceberg lettuce, mustard and ketchup.  Their salsas may be home made, but they can't overcome the overwhelmingly sad meat.  It saddens me when there is sad meat.  Also, they charge $3.25 for honest tea. Seriously?  2x more than any other place?  All in, 4 tacos + side of guac + honest tea came out to about $22.  I couldn't help thinking that I should have gone somewhere else for dinner.  I'd happily pay more for better food, but I could have eaten a far higher quality meal for less money.  
You do get a decent serving of protein, at least with the brisket and pulled pork, so you won't leave hungry, and they do have friendly service and cool decor, but if you want a yuppie-fied taco (or a seasoned meal), go elsewhere.I was glad to see Pure tacos wasn't slammed like many other Philly 1st week openings when I arrived. But also sad to say if they were, they would not have survived it!!
I arrived at Pure Tacos to a long but not terribly long line, and the service was pretty slow for the volume of people being served. I ordered the Orange Chili Fish tacos which had a nice flavor I was happy to find, something about "fancy" taco spots that seems to lose flavor in the translation so I enjoyed the taste.
I didn't enjoy the size for the price, two tacos and a side of chips yet I left hungry, as a matter of fact I'm reminded to write this review because I'm still hungry and I got excited when I remembered I still had a 1/2 cookie I picked up from Insomnia Cookies on the way back to the office. For $11 and some change (drink included) I shouldn't still be hungry. Mind you fish is light but all the more reason to give a decent portion or make the ingredients substantial enough that it can be called a meal. Since I liked it I'll still give em a 3, but next time I'll go with a friend if I want to snack on something to split or perhaps try the shrimp or mushroom option(pescatarian here) and hopefully have better results like being full, not stuffed but content would be nice.The meat here is very very good and definitely surpasses Chipotle in both flavor and juiciness.  I had the braised bbq pork taco and seared mushroom taco, both of which were delicious.  The bbq pork was very tender and flavorful; the sauce was robust and savory with the perfect sweetness and the meat itself was definitely of superior quality.  The mushroom taco was a nice change from the ubiquitous black bean vegetarian option; the pepper sauce was refreshing and flavorful, and the mushrooms themselves were nicely seared along with chopped peppers and onions, which I really loved.  It's almost like a mushroom fajita.  This is definitely a good, light, refreshing option for a hot day.  The corn tortillas were fresh and soft, and the salsa verde decently spicy.  I was able to place my order online and it was ready when I arrived, which saved time.  Service, at least takeout, was fast and the prices are great.  I was able to get 2 sets of 2 tacos for under $9, which was enough for 2 meals.  And yes, they were still good the next day at lunch.  Can't wait to try the brisket and fish tacos.  Just a heads up that you can't order salads online but that is an option.What a disappointment. I stopped in by chance and thought it looked like a hip little spot. I was overwhelmed by all of the yummy sounding menu options. However, the staff seemed overwhelmed themselves by the light lunch crowd. Only one person manning the front, and another messing with the register which seems like an inadequate system. 
I ordered the pulled pork taco and a beef brisket taco. These had to be the driest things I'd ever eaten. Totally overcooked from the meat, to the shell, to the gross corn salsa. Yuk! I don't know how the brisket could've possibly been so dry. It left a puddle of grease on my plate. But alas, it was like some kind of mirage, tricking me. 
Will not be returning unfortunately.Blandness central. Teeny, tiny tacos in a oil bath.  Ick.  I don't know if the staff is ill equipped to be cooking and creating these 'pure' tacos, but something is not right here.
The place and the menu was so inviting, the interior fresh and modern (very Maoz) - and then I went and ordered, so, very, very wrong.  Stay away from the mushroom tacos whatever you do.  They are 'made to order', which means, that they take barely two tablespoons worth of some kind of mushroom, douse and cook it in a oil lake and then spoon the poor shrivelled excuse for the contents into a taco.  Flavors, spice, barely non-existent.  Their guacamole, which does not appear to be guacamole (not very green and probably more sour cream than avocado) is from a squeeze bottle and the remainder of the fixings, are the saddest fixings these eyes have ever seen.
Eating these tacos was again not an enjoyable experience, with the only moisture coming from the oil that the 'shrooms were cooked in, and desperately dousing the remainder in the miniature salsa container I was given on the side.  The tacos and its contents were so piss poor meager, that it took all of three or four small bites each to finish them off and even then it was a struggle.  Not tasty. at all.My lunch at Pure Tacos was alright, not amazing. A small amount of chips are served with the tacos but there is no salsa served with them so I ended up throwing most of them out and that really seemed like a waste. The black beans are in a vat and drained by ladel before being added to the tacos, I really thought they'd be nice and fresh. Service was kind of slow, but that might be something that'll get better with time.terrible. first of all, it was a disgusting, muggy day. i walk into pure tacos and there's no air conditioning and there is so much smoke coming from the kitchen that it stinks and its muggy in there. if i wasn't in workout clothes, i would have walked out.
i ordered the authentic chicken tacos.  it seems impossible that chicken, fruit guacamole and salsa wouldn't have any flavor, but there was none. i literally just tasted chicken and a hint of tomato.  the pulled chicken did not look appetizing-it was cold and in a big puddle of reddish broth. this broth ran out of the taco as i was trying to eat it, leaving me with soggy tortilla chips and messy hands. gross. the guacamole came out of a squeeze bottle- it wasn't creamy, more like a tomatillo texture, but again, zero flavor. they couldn't have scooped some out of a container like their competitors? or maybe added a little salt and pepper at least? and if there was salsa in there, i couldn't taste it.  i downed my tacos in a few minutes because i was hot, sweating, and reeked of smoke. i felt so bad for the girl in the suit eating there. it just wasn't pleasant. i couldn't even eat the tortilla chips because they were soggy from the chicken juice everywhere. and forget about the tiniest container of salsa they give you, what are you supposed to do squeeze little drops all over the chips? 
i really wanted to like this place because it's 100% gluten free and i prefer local places over chains. i won't be going back. i left feeling full but completely unsatisfied.  for all of its negatives, chipotle truly puts out a superior product.  this place could be great, if the food gets better, there's some sort of management presence (it's a new business after all) and the employees like their jobs.  maybe putting on the air conditioning on a humid day would lighten everyones moods.If I were gluten intolerant, I would be ecstatic this place existed. Since I'm not, it's less special. 
It's way better than most "mexican" fast food and for something they can make quickly, it's pretty tasty. That being said, it's not amazing. 
If I were hungry and needed something quick, I would return, but otherwise, there are so many better tacos in the city.for tacos its pretty pricey. but to be assured they are gluten free, use fresh ingredients, delicious makes it worth it. lovee their specials and their seared mushroom tacos are my fav.really stellar vegan tacos!!! get the habanero sauce. i will be back.This place is everything meh to me. Got the mushroom tacos and they were only okay. The salsa tasted bland - the chips were cheap. I think the only thing that has going for this place is that they have gluten free options.  I wouldn't come back here and rather head to chipotle instead!The concept itself of this place is pretty interesting, and it's nice inside. But the important stuff (food and price) were extremely lacking.
The line moved pretty quickly but when you see the size of the tacos they're making, it won't take you long to understand why. For about $8, you get 2 little tacos (a little bit bigger than those frozen taquito things your mom used to make for you and your friends), 6 tortilla chips and 1/8th of an ounce of salsa. And I'm only slightly exaggerating- and only exaggerating on the chips and salsa (you probably get 8 chips and a 1/4 ounce of salsa).
I had the mushroom tacos, so I guess I was inviting blandness, but I was hoping they'd doctor them up and make them tasty. Maybe their other varieties are a bit better.
Overall, I wasn't impressed. But I've heard good things from co-workers so I may give them another shot.I spent a lazy Sunday cooking breakfast, lunch, and dinner for the upcoming week.  And after spending hours in front of my stove, I wanted to relax and order some take-out. I walked in and ordered the authentic chicken tacos. Now, when you order the tacos, you have the option of having the tacos on a bed of nachos, salad, or rice. Without asking me, the employee chose a bed of nachos and proceeded to make the tacos (in all fairness, another employee swapped the nachos for a salad bed). Going along, there was hardly any chicken left at the front display so the employee was scraping chicken "crumbs" from the bottom of the barrel to make the first taco. It would have been preferable if they re-stocked with some freshly cooked chicken. Finally, the hot sauce I requested was also low in stock and instead of re-stocking, the employees just squeezed out the last remaining drops, closed the box, and handed me the tacos. For the amount I paid, the taste was plain and underwhelming. 
It seems like there are a lot of places popping up in Center City that try to thrive off of promoting their food as fresh, healthy, local, etc. Pure Tacos does that, but you'd be much better off going somewhere else.A little awkward atmosphere. Had just two people working.  Didn't wait too long. Had the skirt steak tacos, which was delicious. But the nacho side was disappointing. Just tortilla chips with shredded cheese that wasn't melted, and I had to ask for cheese. Otherwise it would have been just chips.After reading some of the Yelp reviews, my partner and I were a little scared to try this place. Folks have some seriously harsh words for a new little taco place in the city. Oof.
I'm SO GLAD that we conquered that fear and tried Pure Tacos anyway, because this place is doing something right. Lots of somethings, actually. It feels like we went to a completely different restaurant than the one that garnered one-star reviews. 
We were super psyched about this place because it's completely gluten-free, and my partner has such a hard time finding food that he can feel absolutely safe eating. No problems here, which is a huge deal. We decided to split fish tacos and a side of guac and chips, figuring that if the fish tacos were bad, we wouldn't need to try anything else. We're fish taco people. Also, we'd read the reviews that said the portions are tiny- we figured we'd split some simple stuff, and if it was unsatisfying, we could head to Chipotle. 
We had had a busy day of school and work, and were just out for date night. We're pretty healthy people, and we can both eat a decent amount. The portion size was perfect for us. The fish was moist and flavorful, the corn tortillas were nice and warm, and the sour cream and lettuce were perfect complements. The tacos were simple and delicious. For people complaining about messiness...have you ever eaten a taco before? Stuff falls out of the tortilla. It happens. That doesn't mean the taco is bad, it just means it's a taco. 
The guac was full of chunks of avocado and onion, and it was perfectly seasoned. The chips were tasty, if a little undersalted. 
We were full but not gross-full, and decided to walk back home. We didn't realize until the very end of our walk that we hadn't gotten drinks. That says something awesome about the food, I think. We didn't need anything to wash down our meal, because it was stellar. Bonus, neither of us smelled like fish tacos the next day at yoga. Awesome ingredients, minimal oil, fresh from top to bottom.  Double plus bonus, the three guys behind the counter were really cute. Friendly, speedy service. Cashier guy seemed really surprised when we put money in the tip jar- do people not tip in Rittenhouse? 
tl;dr Great food, cute boys.If you're looking for solid tacos in Center City, you'd better eat them pure...without all of wheat product to aggravate the cilia in your intestines. And even if you're not gluten intolerant, lucky for you, the warm, smushed soft corn tortillas at Pure Tacos are as delicious as any wheat-flour infused variety...perhaps even a bit more filling and a bit more tasty. 
The fillings are plentiful. Vegetarians will not be disappointed in the black bean tacos, and meat lovers will surely be pleased with the pulled pork and braised beef varieties. The sauces on the tacos are scrumptious - and the option of pickled jalapenos offers taco mongers an extra zing of excitement.
Oh, and by the way, all you folks judging PT for it's absurdly long wait times, I might just remind you that you don't move into a house and have all of your things unpacked and in perfect order within a week of entering the doorway...if you do, then you're a machine.Delicious tacos and the fact that the entire store is gluten free is a huge plus for me as a celiac!Decent service.  Clean location.  High prices.  Awful food.  1.5 stars solely from good service and speed.
Missing half of the guacamole options at 12:15PM was a bit disappointing.  Hangar steak fairly charred and drenched in indescribable green sauce and something spicy.  I ate the first one and was sad enough to not want to eat the second.  The jalapeno guacamole was not spicy and was a more liquid texture than I think appealing.  I understand everything is gluten free and all but I have to assume gluten free doesn't necessarily mean 'tastes bad'.  Didn't feel too great after lunch but some of it might have been psychological.  Oh well.
Major disappointment for a Friday lunchtime out of the office.  I'm sad.  Cheers.It is adorable to see a taco place in its infancy before it crushes the competition. Sure, the employees haven't yet learned how to coordinate and the credit card machine seems perpetually ineffective, but it's kinda like seeing a puppy stumble about in that oh-so endearing way(before it gets over-excited and starts biting a couch leg for no reason at all). Q'Doba and Chipotle are laughing it up, as baffled customers praise the food but lament the service. They'll stop laughing once Pure Tacos has settled in and built a fan base that can't be lured back no matter how much queso dip you throw in a burrito.
Lemme tell you something - Pure Tacos is going to murder once it hits its stride. The brisket and pulled pork tacos are excellent. There is real quality to the meats here that I haven't yet had at this price point. The black bean taco is also great. 
Sadly, the guacamole is bland. Don't get the guacamole.