I want this place to do well.The restaurant downtown is popular, and it deserves its praise. But their execution with this truck demonstrates a profound misunderstanding of how to do well in the food truck business. 
The pricing is off. I understand that they use fresh, quality ingredients (for example, you won't find the typical, cardboard-tasting tomatoes piled on cheap iceberg lettuce à la generic Philly food trucks). And I'm willing to pay a premium on those ingredients, if they're prepared in something tasty! The chicken curry sandwich ($6) I ordered was so dry, I had to find the nearest vending machine to buy a coke to wash it down. 
Also, I hate the idea of going to a food truck, ordering an item, and watching the attendant reach into a refrigerator to hand me a pre-made sandwich or salad. Can't they be a little more dynamic? And why is their truck so big if they only use it to house a refrigerator? 
They don't serve hot coffee. PF restaurant is one of the only places in Philly where you can get SF's famous Blue Bottle coffee (a friend of mine introduced me to it, and I'm hooked) hand brewed. A few months ago they said they would have it soon, but, as far as I know, this still hasn't been implemented (though I haven't been there in a while, so I could be wrong).maybe it was the day i decided to try pure fare or perhaps it was the hour at which i came, but i was not impressed with this place. i visited around 2pm to grab a late take-out lunch. i had heard that there were pre-boxed items for purchase, which is exactly what i needed.  when i walked into pure fare, most of the items had been sold - with the except of a few salads and some yogurt. i selected a kale salad with apples and bought a slice of their quinoa skillet bread and a cup of asparagus soup that were on display at the register. 
i only ended up eating the quinoa skillet bread and asparagus soup for lunch and saved the kale salad for dinner. the asparagus soup was super bland and to make matters worse, there were thin pieces of woody asparagus that had not successfully made it through the blender - not a nice surprise when you're expecting a homogenous puree. with the quantity of salt that i had to add to the soup to make it edible, i essentially bypassed their "healthy food" mantra. (my blood pressure gladly took one for the team.) the quinoa skillet bread is the reason why there are even two stars in this review. that shit was delicious. i honestly can't believe it's healthy.
the kale salad was a big disappointment too. there was a minimal amount of dressing on the salad so i had to add a bit of my own to the dish to keep from having to choke down the kale. i can't say that the apples or chunks of chicken and cheese heightened this salad to any cosmic levels. it was just a tasteless fancy-sounding salad.
i'll try this place again at some point because i need to see if i just came at a bad time on a bad day.Pure Fare is a solid lunch spot with great personality. While I've generally found their staff to be pretentious, I like the organic feel to their brand. Particularly love their communal wood table in the center.
I have had almost everything they offer, from salads to sandwiches to baked goods etc. All of their ingredients are super fresh, but their salads and sandwiches are made ahead of time. This clearly affects the quality of their food. I always find the sandwiches to be dry, and the bread dried out by the time I get to them. But perfectly fine take out if you plan to bring a sandwich home and stick it in the toaster.
Butternut squash soup was great, full of flavor.
A great spot to eat lunch alone. Plenty of variety and options for everyone.I love Pure Fare for its abundant healthy lunch options! Their website lists all the nutrition info for all of their offerings, and usually that would make me feel sad - but in general everything is pretty healthy and low-cal, so no need to feel guilty. 
I love the cauliflower rice dish - get it everytime. One time, there were no more in the case, but I asked the employee behind the counter, and they had just finished making a batch in the back - so in return for a short wait, I got a steaming hot fresh batch of cauliflower rice! Love!I had some really good food here. The prices were reasonable and the food was fresh and delicious. It was not five-star-outstanding-for-the-price but I would absolutely go back in a heartbeat.Juices are absolutely delicious. But can get pretty pricey.
I've tried a few of their cold foods - meh, not the best. I get that it's supposed to be healthy and locally sourced, but it just doesn't do it for me. Not enough flavor or something. Everything always sounds so good, but when I try it, it just doesn't live up to the expectation.
But again, the juices are AMAZING.Pure Fare = actual whole foods prepared with nutrition and deliciousness in mind. 
All the items on the menu are healthy and won't break the calorie bank. The kale soup I had yesterday was creamy - without cream - and so satisfying that I was shocked to learn that it had 73 calories for what I think was a 12oz portion. 73. Their soups, sandwiches and salads have nutritious ingredients that are hard to find in prepared/takeout foods in Philly like quinoa, wheatberry and tempeh, to name just a few. 
The coffee is stellar. It's Blue Bottle from SF and is right up there with La Colombe and Illy.   
This place has an earthy, casual vibe (albeit with iPads mounted on the wall for you to log into your account and check your Pure Fare nutrition info online, if that's your bag). The seating is limited with a communal bench table and some lovely standing areas along the windows, so it's a place for a quick bite or takeout versus a leisurely lunch.
PF is the first place trying to marry food and technology, with their online database of their foods plus everything else you might consume, so you can track your intake of macro and micro nutrients. I don't know if that aspect will catch hold, but it's nice to have the ingredients and nutrition  info proudly displayed on each of their selections. 
I'm beyond happy that PF has finally opened and didn't disappoint!Awesome Cauliflower Rice! I am from the burgs of Chicago and we need Pure Fare!!! I love the fresh ingredients and for someone who is on a very low calorie diet this was a special treat! The portion of the Cauliflower Rice was big enough that I ate only half and will save the rest for tomorrow so another special treat tomorrow! I actually was on the phone when I ordered and then they brought out my food to go and I walked out without paying.... I called when I got back to my hotel and paid over the phone and they were really nice about my mistake I would 100% recommend and 100% return on my next visit!I have sort of been avoiding going here because I was afraid I would like it. It's very close to where I work and I didn't want to tempt myself with overpriced juices on a regular basis. But, the inevitable happened last week. After barre class, I walked over and browsed. The space is super cute, with white subway tiles, and nice lighting. There are counters on both sides and a refrigerator in the back with cold press juices, homemade granola bars, etc. There is also bar seating that faces the windows so you can people watch, which is one of my favorite hobbies. 
I ended up getting a made-to-order juice - pineapple apple mint. It was seriously delicious!! It was almost frothy it was so smooth, and you watch the workers grabbing whole pieces of fruit and putting them in the juicer right in front of you, which is fun. Although I seriously doubt there was really any nutritional value to my juice, I highly enjoyed it, and feel like it was worth the once-in-a-while $7 treat. They also have other smoothies and things with kale, etc that would probably have more to it than the sweet juice that I chose to order. It was hard to resist all the baked goods in the case too, which all list on a little tag whether they are vegan and how many calories they have, which is nice (& they had an avocado cookie!). I am pretty sure the whole place is 100% gluten-free and my coworker swears by the brie sandwich, so I will probably be back.Their almond milk (housemade almond milk) latte is AMAZING. I've never had anything like it. I also loved the quiches and treats we got there. I wish they had one in San Diego!Came here for the CYME last Thursday and had a blast as usual.  like the area, the community table (minus the swivel chairs that are made for toddlers) , the variety of shakes,teas and coffee. 
Brownies made with sweet potatoes , Gluten Free beet muffins sound like things you would find at a store that specializes in health food. The muffins were very moist and flavorful i would eat them all day. I ordered the date smoothie made with soy milk and it was surprisingly filling and not too sweet. Id come back if in the neighborhood.
My only negative is that the salads/sandwiches are pre made i would prefer that they be made fresh especially for the prices.I like places like this that offer a vairety of fresh, healthy, and vegetarian foods for pretty decent prices. Also, if you check out their website, they have nutritional facts for everything! Very impressive for a small, local spot.
I'm currently eating my wheatberry salad, adorned with beets, kale, sweet potatoes, fresh thyme with I think a lemon vinegrette. The perfect light lunch on a summer day. It was $6 for a decent sized container.
Only bummer is I paid $5 for a 10oz juice called the "green detox." The other juices were $3, but I was feeling daring and plus I just got paid, but I expected a little more than 10oz. It has cucumber juice, apple juice, lemon juice and kale and it surprisingly quite tastey. The cucumbers smelled so fresh when she was juicing it, but this serves as a reminder for me to pull my juicer out from the basement.
Its on 21st and Locust, so its a bit out the way for me, but if I'm ever in the neighborhood, I'll be sure to stop again.Those with gluten-intolerance/Celiac Disease be cautious!
I love the idea of Pure Fare and I appreciate all that they stand for.  However, after my experience with the avocado chocolate chip cookie I will never go back.
I was diagnosed with Celiac Disease in 2005.  I have handled the condition well and have not gotten sick from gluten in over three years.  In fact, I have had fantastic luck with food in Philadelphia.  On August, 24th 2011 I tried the avocado chocolate chip cookie for dessert after dinner. My husband had picked the cookie up as a surprise for me after researching the cooking on the Pure Fare website, calling Pure Fare and discussing the cookie with them again when he bought it to make sure that it truly was gluten-free as advertised.  
Several hours after eating the cookie I became severely ill.  Anyone that has a gluten-allergy, intolerance or Celiac disease knows the symptoms that they personally experience when they ingest gluten.  The minute I started feeling ill, I knew it was from gluten and I knew that the cause was the cookie; it was the only thing that I had eaten out of my normal routine.  Due to eating this cookie I was sick all Thursday evening and for most of the day on Friday.
I did stop into Pure Fare to address the issue with the owner.  Although the owner did apologize, I did not get the feeling that she was going to seriously address the issue.  Instead of telling me that she would investigate the situation, speak to her staff and make sure that the cookies truly are gluten-free and are prepared in a gluten-free environment to avoid cross-contamination, she re-explained the ingredients in the cookie and reiterated the ingredients were gluten-free.  It is one thing to combine gluten-free ingredients to make a cookie, it is quite another to advertise a cookie as gluten-free where people assume that all the proper precautions have been taken in the preparation of that cookie to ensure that it is gluten-free.
There are numerous positive aspects of Pure Fare and I am very happy that there is a place like this in Philadelphia.  However, I do strongly feel that if you have Celiac Disease, a gluten-intolerance or a gluten-allergy you should be cautious with eating food at Pure Fare.  There are numerous places in Philadelphia that I have gotten gluten-free desserts and been fine, it can be done, but it takes a lot of effort and knowledge to prepare gluten-free goods (that is why most of us are OK with paying more for the gluten-free food).  As I mentioned at the beginning of this article, I have not gotten sick from gluten in three years, I know how to handle my condition.  I am certain it was the cookie that caused me to be ill and I would not wish that on anyone with a food allergy.The smoothie I bought was small and expensive. You would think for $7 that this would be the best smoothie in the world. It was just okay. Idea of Pure Fare is awesome but you are paying for the hipster natural vibe and not the taste.Pure Fare is tasty, and is a good, fresh, healthy option in a sea of unhealthy places. Their cookies and juice are quite expensive, but I get that they're all natural and "pure." The place itself is super cute with a communal table. Haven't been there too many times, but it's a good spot for lunch or a snack.Turkey burger is da bomb.  Hopefully they add it as a permanent item on the menu!
Service-wise, love that they are willing to make any sandwich or salad custom ordered.  Great spot.Pros: 
- healthy, delicious food
- unique menu and food options
- not going into a food coma after lunch
- great lunchtime ambiance
Cons: 
- service isn't the best
- a little pricey (but worth it!)This place is amazing- Whether you are gluten free, vegan, dairy free, or just like good food. Sandwiches are great, their snacks and smoothies are also awesome. The owner is really friendly and always helpful. I really like giving my business to this place and hope they open closer to me soon!!Living on 21st street, I surely couldn't be the only one who eagerly awaited the delayed opening of Pure Fare. I wasn't sure what to expect from the place after the "COMING WINTER 2011" signs lied to my face, but I'm so glad the place took its sweet time before opening. A lot of new restaurants could learn from PF in that way.
The interior is clean, fresh, and inviting. At first I was feeling iffy about choosing a pre-made sandwich from the cooler, but the brown bag wrapping paper keeps the ingredients light and airy instead of smushed and unappetizingly wet like other to-go places.
I grabbed a fig and goat cheese sandwich on multigrain bread that was layered with spinach, caramelized onions and roasted (orange) peppers to boot. $7, 360 calories, absolutely delicious. It's a great place to snag something on your way out the door or to meet up with a friend. I really dug the extra large and super fancy picnic table in the center of the room- it really enhanced the community feel. 
Pure love!I'm not really a milk-and-sugar type of guy. I usually drink my coffee black and unsweetened. That said, lately I've really been enjoying the New Orleans-style iced coffee here. Maybe "enjoying" isn't a strong enough word. "Craving" may be more like it. However you wanna call it, I can't stay away from the stuff. It's almost too good.I'm a sandwich person.  As in I have to have a sandwich for lunch every day and it better be good.  This place fits the bill!  Every combination that I've had has been delicious!  One day I wanted avocado and the happily offered to add it to my sandwich for me.  Day old sandwiches are half priced! If you get here early enough to get your hands on one they are great toasted (which they will also happily do for you) and cost less than $5 ! You can't go wrong with that!
I'm also a fan of some of their baked goods.  The vanilla yogurt, sweet potato cupcakes are delicious as are many of the others.  However, their cookies do not even deserve to be called cookies.  They're the size of a quarter and look nothing like any cookie that you've ever seen except for the fact that they're round.
Other reasons that I like this place : the food is very fresh, they support local growers, everything is healthy and delicious, and they post an overview of the nutrition that you're getting from your selection nearby.
Oh, and they have wifi, but pretty much just one big table and some bar seats along the window so not the best study spot.
If you're in the area definitely worth a try!I just moved to the area to work at a salon around the corner from Pure Fare and am really stoked to have them close by for my lunch breaks. The atmosphere is really chill and a good escape from how busy the area can be. The smoothes are the tits!the Kale soup is the best!!!!!!!! so good. i wish not being 2 blocks from this place anymore.It has a great ambiance and delicious food! My partner has avocado tostada & detox juice both were amazing!
I had tumeric latte which by the way was delicious and brócoli cheddar sandwich!!note: I work in Rittenhouse and can direct you to any type of cuisine you are craving for lunch in any budget. 
I had a soggy tuna sandwich for $9 from Pure Fare last summer and I decided to give it another shot today.
I have to be honest...I feel like a sucker for spending $40 on lunch for 2 people in this place. The Rittenhouse location is all pre-made food that's in the cooler. I'm not sure when they make the food in the morning so by 1pm you figure those sandwiches have been in that cooler for atleast 5 hours. I had a cup of soup (there is no salt in the restaurant if you feel like you need some- I did) and a pre-made salad I'm in it for $15. If you want to add a drink - add $3-$5 more dollars. Unfortunately, I didn't eat anything that was tasty or worthy of another visit. I like healthy and nutritious foods but I don't suggest going to Pure Fare for a $15 lunch.Pure Fare is so yummy and the fresh dripped coffee is great!  There oatmeal and southwestern chicken salad is the best. In addition, I love their healthy choices and calories amount disclosure.Their second location in the city and it is MUCH smaller and very limited on what they offer over their other location. The other location gets a 3 stars. 
Pure Fare itself is GLUTEN FREE if not vegan everything and it all tastes so freaking good! They have a Thai soup that is to die for (not at this particular location though). I have tried about 5 different sandwiches, a couple salads and cookies and they are all very different. 
Favorites so far:
- Coconut Thai Soup
- Green Goodness Soup
- Smoked Salmon Sandwich
- Roast Turkey and Pesto Sandwich
- Vegan Brownie
The service is outstanding every time I have been in there. I am so in love with this place! I have walked 8 blocks just to get lunch...so worth it!I've tried 3 of the salads and they were all awesome.  Good soup too.  And the New Orleans style blue bottle ice coffee takes me back to Cafe du Monde.  Cool vibe in there.The food was tasty enough I suppose, but as with most places like this it was on the pricey side. 
The service on the other hand was far from decent. The employees acted like they couldn't be bothered to answer any questions and any smiles seemed forced on their part. Oh well.This cafe offers a variety of food options that are healthy- it truly is healthy fast food! Comfortable to hang out at or people watch.  If for no other reason, visit for the vegan chocolate soft serve dessert- it is truly amazing!Have you ever had a kale salad?  I never knew people ate kale salads!  PF makes a refreshing, light but still filling one that has chicken, almonds and some kind of hummus-like dressing.  I think if you're looking for something heavy or super flavorful for lunch, go grab a sandwich at Famous 4th's or a food truck, or a meal at any of the Stephen Starr restaurants across the street.  The point of the food at PF is that it's fresh, uses lots of healthy ingredients, and uses very little salt or other unhealthy additives that are yummy but high in fat/calories/etc.
The tandoori chicken sandwich and the turkey w/ gorgonzola and pear were both filling at $7.50 each, but I preferred the turkey.  Both meats were of high quality and tasty.  (Although I found the chicken in my kale salad overly dry--maybe it has to do with the cut, sliced versus cubed...?)  The tandoori sandwich used a lot of mint in its spread which was a bit of a surprise!
The kale and ricotta frittata was ok--much more eggy than I thought it would be but I'm sure they heavily scale back on a lot of the bad-for-you ingredients like cheese and cream that I'm used to at bakeries.  You can really taste the fresh ingredients like tomato and red onions.  For 300 calories, it was not bad, but pricey at $4.50.  I wonder how their spinach and cheddar frittata is tho...
i also invested in a bag of coffee beans--pretty pricey at $10.26 per 8-oz bag, but the medium roast is delicious, esp when made with my new pour over drip kettle!  PF seems to mostly carry Ethiopian beans--there were 3 medium roasts available and deliveries are Sunday and Thursday, I believe.  If you are willing to spend more on a cup of joe, their coffee is excellent to go.
There were 3 soups available and I tried the carrot & ginger and their green soups.  Both were very good but if you're looking for heavy and salty soups like the ones from Hale & Hearty, you will be in for a big surprise.  Again, the ingredients are extremely fresh and the soup is not overly seasoned so they stay "refreshing" and light.
I thought the zucchini noodle salad w/ sesame dressing looked amazing so I'll try that next time as well as the butternut squash, beets, kale, with some type of beans-salad.  The tuna salad looked not so interesting but as you can see, there is quite a bit of variety of salads and sandwiches.
The calorie counts are helpful for the super health conscious.  You also need to be willing to spend a little more than you would at a local deli.  If anything, this place inspires me to start cooking with some of the "unique" ingredients I see at the grocery.I made a Yelp account just so I could write about this establishment. Here's the deal: I LOVE the intention of Pure Fare. The food is ok at best, and when considering the price it's not that worth it. I'm used to city prices and I've lived in NYC so the intention/price is not foreign to me. 
Today, I had the worst experience with Pure Fare. I went to order a Customized Bowl thing at the counter by the soups. An employee was standing there with an iPad in her hand and looked at me, didn't acknowledge my existence, then just went tapping back to her iPad. I waited a solid 5 minutes until I asked her to help me, and she said that she's working on something and that someone else will be helping me. Ok. Well at this point, she was just standing there. 
Luckily, another employee finally looked over and got me my food. Issue was that they appeared new because my bowl was about 1/2-3/4ths full compared to the normal portion. HAH. I paid nearly 11 bucks for it. On top of that, the onions were RAW and the gingered beef was so hard that it was like jerky! I spat it right back out. 
Here's the thing. This is a cafe style food establishment so I get that I'm not going to get exceptional service. BUT, I don't think I should be ignored for over 5 minutes especially if I'm standing next to an employee and she knows that I was waiting for service. In all, I am divorcing you, Pure Fare. Get your customer service right and I could forgive the jerky incident. Stop treating me as if I'm bothering you.The staff are knowledgeable about their products, passionate about local ingredients, and friendly as can be.  Their green detox juice and carrot-ginger-grapefruit juice are both delicious.  EVERYTHING is gluten free (minus the WHEATberry salad), which is great for my gluten intolerant friends.  Speaking of the wheat-berry salad - it's probably my favorite - great flavors, and unique.  Very recently I had the vegan strawberry rhubarb muffins - holy moly those things are incredible and addicting...after I ate one there, I got a second one for the next day.  Also, you MUST try the quinoa skillet bread - it is exactly how I wish quiche would taste and feel like texture wise.  Stop by and you won't be disappointed.The cashier was very short and questioned me multiple times about making a chai latte with soy milk. It was the worst latte I have ever had. 
In all fairness I did not try the food and the selection, although limited, looked healthy. Will not be returning.Pure Fare is an example of a place really "getting it" on every level.  Every aspect of this place makes me giddy.  
Let's start with the design & decor.  I could spend all day sitting at PF--it's just that cozy and inviting.  In fact, my kitchen would look just like PF--marble countertops adorned with MacBooks and a rustic old scale, iPads mounted on the walls, and reclaimed wood panelling.  They also compost, which is unheard of in Philadelphia.
And oh yes, the coffee.  They serve Blue Bottle Coffee from SF (some of the finest coffee in the country, in my opinion), which they hand brew by the pour-over drip method as it would be done in any Blue Bottle shop back in SF.  And as if serving Blue Bottle isn't enough, the moment I found out that they cold brew their iced coffee, I was sold. 
Now the food.  They have an assortment of freshly pre-made soups, sandwiches (brilliantly wrapped in butcher paper), and salads.  I tried the lentil salad and tuna sandwich, both of which were delightful.  As other reviewers have noted, their whole shtick is wholesome, healthy cuisine using local produce.  They manage to pull it off in a very down-to-earth, unpretentious way.  And no need to worry, this is not "healthy food."  It's just great-tasting fare that happens to be good for you.I had to update my review because I've been going to pure fare multiple times a week now, and they have definitely gotten it together since my first visit. I love the backyard salad. I had a cauliflower soup that was amazing, too. The kale salad with turkey is awesome. I want to try their sandwiches, but I'm so stuck on their salads that I'm not sure if I ever will! This has become my favorite lunch spot!As far as coffee goes, this is as good as it gets in Philadelphia. For every single cup of coffee ordered, the beans are weighed, freshly ground, and poured over into what becomes heaven in a cup. If you LOVE coffee--- good coffee, this is your spot. 
I have yet to try any of the food, but if it is as thoughtful as the coffee is good, then I'm sure its fantastic.Tried this place today for the first time and I loved it! Healthy and delicious. The Chilled Cucumber soup is so fresh tasting and filled with yummy flavorful herbs. The bowl was nice and big and filling at only 87 calories for the whole serving! I loved my Naked Falafel Salad with grains and chick peas and yogurt dressing, it was like a much healthier deconstructed falafel platter. The staff is very friendly. They have wonderful looking smoothies and fresh squeezed juices and coffee as well as delicious looking desserts, my banana chocolate cookie was a little bit of heaven and very low calorie- like 80 or something, can't remember exactly. I definitely want to try the avocado chocolate cookie next time. Every item they have is displayed with calorie content and the portion sizes are hearty and filling. It's really nice to have this place in the neighborhood and I'm really excited to go back, probably tomorrow, but maybe later today... I want more of that cucumber soup...Really great tasting healthy sandwiches!  Love this place--open a storefront in Fairmount--you would clean up!!!I love Pure Fare. I love that they have so many healthy and delicious options. I love that they list the calories and nutrition information of everything they offer.
Chocolate avocado pudding (great flavor combo!) for 140 calories. Cauliflower flatbread that tastes almost as good as a regular pizza for 285 calories. Banana cookie for 85 calories. I could go on but just check out the online menu! Everything tastes amazing, so it's actually satisfying to eat healthy here.
It's all just a little pricey. The portions are small-ish, which is great for the health conscious, but the prices don't match the portion sizes. It's definitely worth the occasional splurge, but for someone like me who eats takeout almost every night (oops), it would be a bad idea to come here 5x a week like I would want to.
The staff are really friendly, and they usually offer the baked goods for free if you go around closing time.Came here for lunch with some other yelpers.  All seemed pretty happy with their sammies.  Allison B was smart to see the half off section of day old sandwiches (check it out yourself).  I went for the fig and brie.  Though the fig was essentially nonexistent until I went in to get some extra, which they kindly gave me.  With fig spread aplenty, my sandwich was saved and more Mediterranean in flavor than what I thought.  It was good, just a surprise.  I swear that was not brie.
What I do love about Pure Fare is their shakes.  That banana cashew one is it!
I did get to try their vegan baked goodies at the Yelp Healthy Hour - let's just say I am glad I eat animals and animal products.  For vegan goodies, they may be good...I just don't know.
I will definitely go back and give it another try.  If anything that shake is still calling my name.Pure Fare, I want to love you, I really do, but you make it so hard when your doors are still locked at 7:30am on a weekday and you are out of most your food around 5pm. I love this places concept, everything I've had there is great, and the staff is very friendly. The things holding it back from 4 or 5 stars from me is that fact that I have gone in twice around 5pm and they have been out of all or most their food. I understand the first time you had just opened and you didn't know how much demand you would have, but the second time an employee told me they ran out of bread but will be more stocked after the summer. I tried stopping by for a baked good in the morning at 7:30am since they open at 7 and they're doors were still locked. They let me right in, but it is still a little off putting. I asked the guy working when they open and his reply was "I get here at 7am". I thought that was a weird response since they open advertise that they open at 7am... I also felt like he hated me for being there that early. I will keep trying this place and I really want this place to succeed since they are promoting healthy, delicious alternatives to all the crap that's out there.Not sure why I have eaten here more than once, since every time I go I swear that I am never coming back. I need to stop giving these Wharton grads money, mostly to prove a point that "you have to do more than go to business school to run a good business." 
All of their sandwiches sound awesome in description, and yet lack taste in real life. That is, when you are lucky enough to not have everything be sold out.... Which seems to happen a lot? 
On 2 different occasions my husband was stuck with his "3rd choice" sandwich. I really wish I could be more positive about this place since it is so close to our house, but in our minds the food here is bland and average at best.Went with a friend from work today.  Got a tuna salad sandwich which was very dry and bland from the bread to the tuna to the tomato.  Also purchased a cup of Roasted Cauliflower soup.  The soup was ok but for a total price of almost $10 for a little cup of soup and a dry sandwich I will not be returning.Really delicious smoothie. I got leaf green one. Had spinach, banana, kale and etc I think. Was not super sweet or icy. It was very delicious and thick but not over powered banana flavor like other places! I would give 5 star if portion wasn't that tiny. The guy who made my smoothie threw away left over inside mixer after poured my smoothie in tiny cup. I wanted to cry!Man the food here is great. My wife has celiac so we were pretty excited to find a place to eat breakfast while we were in the city for the day. I'd recommend it.Haven't eaten here yet, but I've had a couple of smoothies/juices and they always taste great. I like how all of the calories are listed. Seems like they can cater to any type of diet you are on (they have dairy and non - dairy options, gluten free, peanut free...). I wish the smoothies were a little bigger for the price. I am looking forward to trying some of their interesting desserts (avocado brownies, quinoa muffins, etc.). 
I recommend the Banana Nut Smoothie - tastes exactly like the smell of fresh baked banana bread. It's made with bananas, roasted cashews, your milk of choice (whole, 1%, almond...) and a touch of maple syrup.Concept and place is downright fresh and cute, just like their menu options.
But the price and the actual end result is pretty average.
Sandwiches and salads aren't particularly amazing and for the price tag, even less so. Two pre-made sammies (no sides, no nuthin'), two small waters = $20 and change. Sheesh.
Like Whole Foods, sometimes it costs more to be healthy. (or for the appearance of being healthy-trendy, but I digress)
That being said, I think similar options can be found nearby and at a more reasonable price. It won't hurt you to give it a whirl (unless you count your wallet) though, there's no real need to go out of your way to come here.Great place to come and grab a sandwich, I recommend getting the Indian-flavored chicken which is my favorite :)
Awesome ambiance, quality staff, beautiful interior decor. 
I go back every time I am in Philadelphia.I would love to mock this place, but unfortunately it appeals to me so strongly that I could actually see myself eating here every day.  
What I love about this place:  they use REAL vegetables.  My mom has a thing against salads; she believes in cooked vegetables like broccoli, or kale, or squash, not because she cooks them until they become un-vegetable-like, but because when you cook them asian-style, like we usually do, you begin to recognize that they are vegetables with real body, that are richer and more filling than salad greens.  I think that Pure Fare does an excellent job of making use of that inherent body to cooking-vegetables.  It's the way I would cook vegetables if I still cooked, and it tastes so good!  
What I don't like about this place: They claim to serve blue bottle coffee!!!!  And yet the soy latte I got here fell so tragically short of Blue Bottle Coffee!!  Not the same rich flavor, the perfectly executed mixture of milk and espresso, that I was expecting from Blue Bottle.  It was just mediocre.  LIES!!!  TWO STAR coffee rating.  Three stars for "taste of coffee," one for "meeting of expectations," which averages to two.  
What I mock about this place: well, you know, it's pure, right?  It's a place for people who need to feel 'pure' when they eat, like women and hipsters, especially women-hipsters.  And while they seem to be all about sustainability, everything is served in throw-away take-out containers (albeit the most environmentally friendly ones).  So: mock, mock, mock.  
But it's true; eating this kind of food does make me feel more pure.  And it's yummy.My friend and I were complaning about how it was hard to find simple healthy food out in Philly, and then lo and behold we walked by Pure Fare!  The food was delicious, the staff was helpful, the aesthetic was lovely.  It's often almost empty for dinner so they don't have pre-made stuff, which was fine by us!  We sat down at the long table in the middle of the room and played on the floaty chairs and chatted while we waited.  Will definitely be returning.  Like, tonight!TLDR: Decent food, awful setup, pricey. Move on
Setup: C-, Food: B, Overall: C+
Got breakfast and lunch from here today to make sure that my experience was poor both times. They have two parallel counters neither which is attended at any time where you pay for food and order coffee. All the food is already premade and in the refrigerator so it should be set up like a Pret A Manger, but instead there's nobody at the registers. Don't expect to get in and out of here quickly at all. 
Grade: C-
For breakfast I had the oatmeal and a cashew milk. The oatmeal was way too sweet for a healthy food store but the cashew milk was pretty good. But $11 for oatmeal and a 3 ounce cashew milk is pretty steep anywhere. For lunch I had the green goddess soup and zucchini noodle with grilled chicken salad. Again for $16 A bit steep for lunch. The soup was really good and hot, salad was nothing special but like the zucchini noodles
Grade: B
This place has potential with good food but could use a manager and more competitive pricing. Looks like it's back to Old Nelson 
Overall: C+I have really tried to like this place but have eaten there several times in the last few months and can honestly say that the food is terrible.  The salads/sandwhiches  may be 'Pure' but they are rarely fresh.  I truly believe the pre-made meals sit for a long time because more than once I have eaten what tastes like rotting vegetables, and that's in the summer months.  In addition I find the people who work there to be relatively rude and indifferent.What a great example of eating well and eating delicious. I've been feeling a little run down and wanting a good bowl of soup for a few days now, and since I came upon their on-line menu yesterday, couldn't stop thinking about trying one of their soups. Enter coconut Thai soup. Warm, filling, and tasty, just as soups should be. I wouldn't have minded a little more spice or zing to it, but when I am run down my taste buds seem to get rather dull, and so my need for spice and salt and sour might be in overdrive. They had run out of the asparagus soup, and yesterday they had posted the cauliflower soup, and I'll def be retuning to try them both.
I also couldn't resist picking up one of their salads. I love how they have so many salads that aren't just a collection of cold leaves with dressing, shredded cheese, and maybe grilled chicken. I tried the naked falafel salad, which was yummy and filling, although it did not have the avocados in it as advertised... ::sniff:: this left me a little sad, since I was debating between that and the kale salad (about which I had heard rave reviews), and had gone with the falafel solely because of the avocados, one of my favorite veggies... alas, not a single lone piece of avocado was found in my salad. Instead, there were many many pieces of green pepper, which are among the foods I detested as a child and have only learned to tolerate is as an adult, purely because I'm too lazy to eat around it. Sad. But not sad enough to not finish every last bit of ground chickpea.
The staff were friendly, I took my lunch home but would def go back to sit around and enjoy my food there, it's a comfortable and bright little space. And although it costs more than a regular lunch, that is the cost of a sustainable practice. It's not PF's fault that ours is a society where industrial farming and processed foods has made our expectation of all foods to be cheap. Sadly, to run a business and make a living with health foods and responsible farming, prices go up... as a result, there is a class divide on who can afford this kind of eating habit, but can't fault PF for that. Rather have a slightly spendy PF within walkable distance then a cheaper out in the 'burbs PF that is not accessible to me.
Had the salad actually included the advertised avocado pieces, instead of the green peppers, they would have gotten a 5-star rating. That is why I'll have to return, to make sure that this was just a fluke, and that I'm not lying to my fellow Yelpers. PF, please don't forget my avocados the next time. And save me a cup of the cauliflower soup.I had a banana chocolate chip cookie and the sweet potato brownie...not all in one sitting. I thought the cookie was absolutely delicious! It wasn't too sweet, it was nice and soft, and satisfied my craving for baked goods. As for the sweet potato brownie - that wasn't quite my favorite. It was a little dry and wasn't what I was hoping for in a brownie - chewy, fudge-y, etc. So while I will most definitely go back for the cookie, I will probably pass on trying the brownie again. 
Oh...and the people were quite friendly and very helpful. They took the time to talk about the options they offered and gave excellent customer service!I live nearby and this place is always so tempting, however the food is under par. They get a bit complicated with "clean food" and are missing a key gourmet or healing foods element. The new concept Koyu or whatever their noodle bar is similiar. For as complex, I think they need a chef to come in and clean up the clean food aspect. It is a good vibe place though and the juice is really great. I think it may also be the feng shui of the location, and that the seating is sandwiched between two eateries and lots of complicated foods.Any place with smoothies made with nutmilk is a fave. If this sounds like Greek to you, you have not experienced the joys of cashew milk, as I did when having an apple pie smoothie. A quiet bustle encompasses the place as people come in and out, grabbing their breakfast and lunch for the day.
Almost all the items are marked with their caloric content, so do with that information what you will. The items do sometimes 'taste healthy,' but I don't begrudge them. A raw shaved brussel sprout salad was a delicious thing I picked up for breakfast.
About eating there -- there's one communal table with stools that swing out. Great if you're into/okay with that, but if it's ever crowded, you might be cozy with your neighbor. That said, me and my friends occupied the table by ourselves for breakfast on a weekday (~8-9am) with no companions. Only complaint is that the juicer/blender is very loud, so that can be disruptive to an otherwise quiet atmosphere. Cute place, very convenient for lots of people, and love the focus on healthy foods.I stopped in after my morning work out to try the iced coffee.  It was tasty, but I think my La Colombe iced coffee is better.  I will go back to try a cup of the pour over coffee.  
I thought about getting a breakfast item, but nothing really jumped out at me, although the oatmeal looked pretty tasty.  The sandwiches seemed a little pricey, but I guess you are paying for the freshness.  
Service was not great.  I stood at the coffee counter for a good 5 minutes before someone asked me for my order.I loved the name of the restaurant "pure fare"
they serve simple good quality food.. general store idea is very similar to 'pret a manger'.. 
it's newly opened so i can see alot of potential to improve..  ie. slightly inefficient way the cashier's set up or the dining area that feels incomplete.
I really like their sweet pastries - yogurt plum and sweet potato muffin? lovely. The waiters and waitresses are really sweet, always helpful with big smiles.
Unfortunately,  I've been having bad experience with their food.. 
egg frittata was pretty awful - the artichoke was not chewable had to throw away. Today I brought home a lentil loaf salad and a turkey pear gorgonzola sandwich. lentil loaf was dry and blend, i had to Tabasco sauce the crap out of it, ended up throwing it away. The sandwich bread (raisin walnut) was STALE. I took my time and took extra bites because I thought I was going crazy - but yes it was definitely stale.
I think that's enough to keep me far away from this store.. for a good while.the food here is so delicious, you would never know its made with healthy wholesome ingredients.If I could make a wish come true, I would put a Pure Fare on every other block.  I absolutely love this place! Walking across the threshold makes me feel healthier!  Pure Fare has a wonderful selection of local organic foods, both ready made and cooked to order.  One of my favorite snacks is the chicken strips with mustard.  It's an ideal protein fix or mid afternoon snack.  They also have very clever ready made meals.  I really enjoy seeing all of their selections and just being in the space.Exceptional.  Fresh, healthy, quality ingredients make exceptional meals.  They are to start a dinner menu soon with hot options.  I've only enjoyed the lunch menu, snacks, and coffee.
The ricotta with honey and figs is remarkable.Yesterday, I read an article about how good healthy greens can do a body good, in my local Co-op newspaper, and I was determined to have either chard or kale for lunch. I figured this may be difficult in a city synonimous with cheese steaks and water ice, but I gave it a go. I searched for my most likely greens candidate "kale" on Yelp and Pure Fare came back as a result fairly close to my job on University's city campus. Just a quick trolley ride away, to 22nd street, and then a jaunt down a couple blocks, I made a date with my co-worker who also loves to go healthy and we trekked out in the rain.
This place is cute - they have all the salads pre-prepared and you pick them up in the fridge and then pay for them on one side of the store.  The other side has another counter with smoothies and coffee and such. I like the layout quite a bit, although they could use more seating! Salads are all around 8 bucks, the average price for a good hearty salad in the city.
My friend and I both had our eye on the kale, apple and sharp cheddar salad, but there was only one left; it must be a popular choice. I opted for the naked falafel salad instead, and let my friend go after the kale. I did have a bite of the kale salad and it was surprisingly scrumptious. It was pre-dressed and the combo of the apples, cheddar and dressing make it anything but healthy-tasting. Raw kale can be a scary vegetable, but in this salad it was anything but. My naked falafel salad came with a little tub of green yogurt dressing which was quite tasty - usually I want less dresssing, this time I could have used more, as I assumed it was on the healthy side and I just love yogurt. My salad itself was mostly delicious grains and chickpeas, a bit of fresh herbs (dill?), on top of a small bed of romaine lettuce. I guess my one complaint would be that I could have had more lettuce, but that is a very minor one. Oh and I love a restaurant that has free water that you can serve yourself. I would suggest that they get those compostable forks/knives. It seems like something that would just fit in with their setting. 
I can't wait to come back sometime and try the kale and apple smoothie. So many healthy options! Plus they have some sort of rewards card. It only takes me a few minutes via trolley, so I will be back as often as I can. This is the healthy/fast restaurant that Philadelphia needed!Overpriced for a sandwich that was stale and tasted like airport food.Love the the layout in here! There's a giant harvest table perfect for hanging with friends and great window seats. Seems like a health food cafe. I chose the apple pie smoothie for a seasonal treat. Awesome selection off the juice bar!I thought this place was awesome! If you are into health and fitness this place is a must. I wouldn't say it's cheap but it's for real healthy (not fake healthy). They don't use wheat flour in anything. Their bread is made out of quinoa flour (so stinkin cool).
The girls that were working were super friendly which was ideal since we had a ton of questions. We got the cauliflower flat bread which was delish and I got a turkey sandwich that was very tasty and enormous. I liked it so much I actually bought two extra meals for my mom and I for lunch the next day. 
It's not cheap so I wouldn't eat there all of the time but on a night I want to go out, eat healthy, and don't feel like cooking, it's an excellent option.Finally had the chance to check out Pure Fare and really enjoyed it! I ended up stopping in to check it out and left with a tasty kale smoothie (kale, bananas and grapes-their juicer was down, but trust me it was awesome AND filling.) I will be excited to check out their foods next time (I stopped in near closing time), but the fig bars I had were nice treats. I also like that if you are interested in calories you can see what each product has and all ingredients are fresh! SO GOOD.I had my first experience at pure fare yesterday and I can't say I was disappointed. I got a smoothie (avocado and lime) and it was just delicious. I like sourly drinks (and sourly anything) and this drink was just perfect. I just hoped it was a little larger considering the price you pay but I guess that is what you pay for quality and handmade fresh smoothies. I also picked up a sandwich while studying and I can't recall exactly what was in it but it tasted very healthy and delicious. The atmosphere of this place is pretty relaxed and I enjoyed sitting there to study. I will definitely go back and recommend pure fare to anyone who is looking to eat/drinks something that is good for their bodies.If you're looking for a healthy lunch spot, go no further. I tried:
- vegan zucchini lasanga: this was made with zucchini squash and cashew cheese, but I ate the entire thing thinking that it was made with real cheese. It was amazing and very low calorie. 
- brussel sprout salad: raw brussel sprouts, avocado, cashews, and oranges. This was amazing and tasted way more decadent than 150 calories. 
Overall, while this isn't the cheapest place in the world for lunch, it was very very satisfying, healthy, and delicious. I want to come back and try their fresh smoothies sometime.Ive gone here for coffee a few times when I visit Philadelphia, and it has been good. Then one day I purchased a muffin, oatmeal, and orange juice and was thoroughly disgusted. The muffin tasted like dirt, the oatmeal tasted as if it had been sitting for about a day, and the orange juice that I was told was fresh was actually 4 days old. If you go, my suggestion would be to only order coffee.Love the flavor but the sandwich bread falls apart not everyone is gluten free. Only 1% of us citizens are diagnosed with celiac diseasePure fare, I miss you! Everything healthy and fresh, great service, immaculate store. I enjoyed everything I've had here esp the baked salmon and dill sandwich! Please come to NYC!! Philly is vegan, organic heaven with gems like pure fare, vedge and hip city veg! Such a shame I no longer live there.three stars instead of two stars because their GF plum muffin is awesome.  otherwise, their disgusting oatmeal and lack of attention would have earned them a single star.  the oats were super processed (nope, not even steel cut) and then cooked into a mush; they were then made to swim in brown sugar; I had to toss the whole damn thing. emailed to complain about it very politely -- that was three days ago.  I'll still buy their baked goods though.  if it's not out of my way.I feel a little guilty giving a lukewarm rating to a cute small business with an admirable, feel-good concept (organic AND local)... but like Shakira's hips, my reviews don't lie :(
The descriptions of their menu items actually sound promising, but then again I am the type of person who enjoys eating things like quinoa salads anyway, so it's a bit like giving a kid a lollipop. But when I glanced at their pre-made salads and "bowls," they all looked incredibly limp, unappetizing, and somehow artificial, like they weren't meant for a self-respecting human's consumption. Too "raw"-looking, I guess. I ended up ordering a sandwich ("goat brie, arugula, roasted peppers, and caramelized onion fig spread," yum!), but this too was a massive disappointment. I mean, I feel like a $7 vegetarian sandwich should be on some type of artisan bread, or at the least, TOASTED. But unlike the goat brie & fig sandwich posted in the photos, mine wasn't even on multigrain bread - it was on two cold slabs of that generic, store-bought, wheat sandwich bread that I don't even buy for myself... The ingredients didn't do much to elevate it above that standard either; it tasted like a very random, sad sandwich I might throw together late at night because I'm starving, have to eat something, and have no snacks in my fridge. Mine would taste better though. If this is what it means to eat "pure," I'd much rather be corrupt and happy, thanks.
I will add on a star, solely for their AMAZING froyo. I tried the maple pecan, which I heard is made with "pecan milk".... TO DIE FOR. I might come back one day, but just for that!It's small, it's cramped, it's dark.
Do not be fooled by their menu on the website: you won't get it. In store, it's just one soup of the day, premade cold dishes in boxes, mostly salads, one or two rolls, and a few (boring) sandwiches that can be pressed and served hot. We have tried several sandwiches (all bad), one salad (Thai noodle with chicken: the chicken was SUPER dry, the rest was barely OK). 
The smoothies were nothing special: just as good as anywhere else that has fresh fruits and a blender, but twice the price.
The only thing that ever worked was a carb-free salmon roll with crunchy veggies inside, and a nice creamy avocado dipping sauce. This is the only dish I would be willing to order again. 
A lot of hype but they don't deliver in terms of flavor and excitement. Just boring and expensive.I love you Pure Fare! I wish your juices were cheaper (or bigger), and I don't care about your coffee, and your pastry selection is weak, but the salads make up for all of it. I love the salmon salad and honestly I think it's a great deal for $9 or whatever. Omega-3s ahoy!I mean, if you want expensive low calorie cauliflower soup, expect some expensive very watered down and under seasoned cauliflower soup. I was hoping, based on other reviews, that this place had some magic way of making delicious healthy food. Maybe I tried the wrong dish?Went here today after reading about their rather unique approach (involving tracking your calories and such). It also sounded like a plethora of fresh foods. We arrived to find nowhere near the options shown on their website. What they did have were much smaller portions than expected especially given the excessively premium prices being charge. $7 for a smoothie that's half the size of one you can get elsewhere for nearly half that price. We ordered a couple small salads, a small sushi plate and two smoothies and had a $40 bill. For that we could have gone out to dinner. 
The smoothies were made on the spot but the salads and sushi were clearly made much earlier.
The biggest letdown of all was that NO mention was made of their much-hyped MyFare service that's plastered all over their website. I kept waiting for the server to say anything about it. When they didn't I just chalked it up to another gimmick.
The service was excellent. I just cannot see why anyone would feel compelled to pay these exorbitant prices. Sorry, but we won't be returning.I was really disappointed in this place. I placed an order on grubhub. Then called 5 min later saying they ran out of bread and couldn't make my sandwich. Ok 10:30 am and no bread? Whatever I chose something else. Turkey and pesto sandwich, what a rip off!!! It was pathetic, tasteless and not edible. Also smallest expresso shot I've ever seen. Never again will I order from here!!!Good healthy food...  Kinda food you get eat every day.