This is a decent work lunch spot. Quick and attentive service. lunch specials with soup/salad, plus sushi or ramen. Sushi was decent and filling! Ramen was surprisingly satisfying. My group really liked the veggie ramen esp the spinach noodles. Also tried the shoyu and tonkatsu ramens. I personally preferred the shoyu for it's flavor but tonkatsu was also good.Everything is sooo fresh and delicious and servers are so kind! You should give the value here they deserve!Great and quick service. The server was courteous and considerate to recommend dish as per one's preference. Ramen was delicious. All ingredients used were fresh and delightful. Chef special roll was fresh though a star less for the taste. I guess they can do better with the roll. Cold sake, the white wine, and spicy edamame were simply delicious. 
Definitely recommend this place.Great food, superb attention to detail. Their tempura shrimp is the best I've had, including in Japan.WOW is all I can say!!! Amazingly fresh and service was fantastic. I gave 5 stars as the food was that good. Unfortunately, there was no sake or beer BUT, I understand they're new and waiting on the license. If I'd known BYOB was doable I'd have bought. I was in town for a wedding and we took a gamble--- well worth it!Came here for the happy hour specials. Loved the dream salmon Appetizer and the spicy edamame that I had to order a second round. Chicken wing tasted like the dry buffalo wings but not spicy. The rolls were good but I tasted better.The fish here looks very fresh, something I always check out at a new sushi place   We were there very early , first customers, so service was good. The server was very receptive to all my GF concerns. I was able to eat a salmon skin roll because they smoke it themselves   
All was very tasty and reasonably priced. We got Early Bird price for some items, essentially $1 off. 
Would definitely go again. 
One star off because GF soy sauce not low salt, which I preferReally good food and even better service.  We tried edamame, all sorts of different nigiri, and their ramen.  All were very, very good.  Everyone in the restaurant was incredibly nice and welcoming, providing great service. We'd definitely come again!Great service, excellent happy hour food specials ($5 for quite a few bites) and tasty food. We had miso soup, seaweed salad, Alaska roll. All delicious!I ordered their sushi for Togo. It taste really fresh. My wife really like their food as well. Recommend to go. I will be back againFound this place during its soft opening and immediately fell in love. The manager is wonderful, the food is fantastic, and the happy hour is one of the best around. Can't wait to keep coming back.I got their tonkotsu ramen and miso ramen, both broths lacked in flavor. With our orders we were supposed to receive salads and never got them. Their Philadelphia roll was absolutely disgusting and the cream cheese they used was cheap. When asked if we could switch the ramen for another option, the manager replied with " I've never gotten complaints. It's just your acquired taste". When we ordered miso soup, our bowls had lipstick, but we complained so many times we just decided to switch the bowls to the edamame bowls. I regret this choice for Valentine's Day. The drinks were good though.I really enjoyed my celebratory dinner date here with my babe we love sushi! the place was completely empty so it was like he rented out the place. Definitely recommend!Genuinely the best quality delivery sushi I've ever ordered in Philly (I've tried many places, especially during all of the covid restrictions)... but also not just in terms of delivery. Their quality of fish is much better than many of the typical sushi spots around the city. Can't wait to try this place in personI have been to 11 sushi restaurants and this is now my favorite spot. Everywhere else was a total disappointment or crazy expensive (Morimoto) for an everyday sushi fix. Ordering from them again tonightA small Japanese restaurant on 17th that recently opened. They have a number of lunch specials ($10-12) that are good value for sushi (albeit I'm thinking from the NYC pricing).
I had the gyoza which were thin-skinned, but I would've liked it fried just a touch longer. The tonkatsu ramen was light, not much miso flavor, but satisfying from the perspective of a hot bowl of noodle. Thin slices of pork that didn't quite fall apart but a great soft-boiled egg, bamboo and black mushrooms, and fresh scallions. Ginger salad which was cold and crisp, wish they had a little more dressing.
Good service and they had a beer special (albeit wasn't going to drink at lunch time while at work), they left a carafe of water on the table for us, too.Amazing Experience here!!! Fresh Ingredients. Excellent service, wonderful staff. Will definitely be back whenever i am in Philly. Highly recommended!!!!The seared salmon dream was meh, but the king salmon in the real deal roll had better flavor.Came here for happy hour. Prices are fair. Food is good. Service was horrible. They had about 2 servers for the entire restaurant making it difficult to order and receive food. Myself and other patrons were seen looking for someone to order with, get a check, or get drinks that were ordered a while ago.I visited this place while a was in Philly a couple weeks ago. It was the closest place to me and I actually ended up going there twice. LOVE IT!!!!!! Customer service was very good and the sushi was even better. I went for their lunch special on both days. Very affordable.Great fish quality and reasonable pricing. Staff/management was very nice and interior was well decorated. Probably one of the best sushi places in PhiladelphiaThe Happy Hour special here is a great value. Sushi quality is good, and they have all the quintessential tasty sides such as edamame, wakame, and gyoza. We sat outside in their lovely courtyard - recommend this if the weather is nice. Overall a nice sushi joint in center city!Just had lunch at this restaurant and it by far surpassed my expectations.  The sushi was fresh the waitstaff was pleasant. I will be back soon.This is the kind of Izakaya I've been looking for in Philly for a while. Super chic atmosphere, reasonably priced and fresh food, and really nice servers.
Also their HH menu is amazing, all drinks and appetizers $5! And we're not talking about HH portions, but almost regular portions.
They also gave us a complementary small bottle of sake for ordering over $30.. what else can I say about this place. It just opened and I know it's 10 mins walk from Rittenhouse Square, but guys it's worth the walk!Wow! Blown away by the quality, variety and freshness of my sashimi lunch special at Qu.  $14 plus tax and tip was money well spent, and served by the delightful Miss Yvonne. 
This place is brand-new, so new that the liquor license isn't even here yet (Gotta love those PA "blue laws")!
Nevermind, this place is gonna catch on fast.  I only hope that they maintain this level of opening-month quality. Everyone is clearly on their best behavior.
Keep it up, guys!
I'll be back and I'll be watching.Love love love Qu Japan. Yummy food, beautiful plating, and excellent service. Also best price of sushi in town! Their Happy Hour menu is so good, especially appetizers such as salmon dream, white tuna jalape単o, crispy spicy, and pepper tuna, for $5 each! Weekday lunch menu is also great!Fabulous center city sushi spot that just relocated from university city! Currently BYO until their liquor license is approved. Staff was attentive and knowledgeable. They have an amazing $5 happy hour with a large selection of sushi and kitchen appetizers. Purple fries and salmon dream apps are a must!I've been back to Qu multiple times since my first review, and it still has yet to disappoint! I brought my family there last night, and the service was great, the atmosphere was fun, and the sushi was amazing! We tried some new appetizers that looked beautiful, and tasted even better. Qu will always be a go-to spot for us!We were regulars here but had a bad experience tonight. They raised their prices which is disappointing but gave  us the menu with the old prices. When the bill came it seemed high and I looked at the charges. The server apologized and said she gave us the menu with the old prices but didn't offer to adjust the bill. It didn't sit well with me. We will still go there as I love the lotus blossom drink but she should have offered to honor the prices on the old menu since that's what we ordered off of. So I'm no longer in love with the restaurant .SUCH A GOOD HAPPY HOUR. Huge amount of drink and food options, all for like $6?! All the sushi rolls we got were delicious and the drinks were good. Service was quick and friendly too. Will definitely be returning here!I would give 0 (zero) stars to this restaurant if I could. Do not order the chicken yakisoba  lunch from this restaurant! While the rolls my partner ordered were ok, the yakisoba was inedible. Not only this dish is not supposed to be made with buckwheat noodles, but how the hell do you boil a dish that's named literally "fried noodles"??? 
I called the restaurant to give them some tips, but they tried to tell me that, in fact, this is the authentic Japanese dish, and I didn't know what I was talking about... smh.The location of this place is great since you can take a walk afterwards to City Hall! Lovely outdoor seating with heated lamps . The service is always very nice,  friendly and informative. The sushi is delicious every time I've been there and there are plenty of awesome options! Def my fave in the city. Happy hour is from 5-7pm on the weekdays and until 5pm on the weekends. I would really recommend this place for anybody that's looking for a nice sushi place in the city.Great Happy Hour. All items including drinks $5. Great selection. Sliced white tuna jalape単o excellent. Tuna roll has lovely fish and mostly fish, as it should be. And fried rice very tasty. Very good service! Friendly but not at all overbearing. Good descriptions of items.I've been meaning to write this review for a while. We've been to Qu Bistro on two separate occasions - both amazing experiences. The first time was for their soft opening in November. Our server was super attentive and kind. He gave us some great recommendations (especially the avocado peanut roll) and was very knowledgeable about the menu. They were still working on getting their liquor license, so BYO (wine-glasses provided). We had an awesome time and ended up staying until after their Happy Hour. The Salmon Skin Roll was delish and we ended up getting a bunch of different apps since everything was $5 bucks each (until 7). 
The second time, we went for our joint birthday party. The entire staff was extremely accommodating and had seats ready right away for our party. Even though we had a larger group, our server and host were very helpful and all of our food was served promptly. Again, we did BYO, and they did an excellent job of making sure that everyone had the appropriate glassware for the type of drink. The pineapple fried rice was well-balanced flavor-wise, and plenty for two! Again, we were very pleased with all the sushi rolls we ordered, but my absolute fave are still the Rock N Roll and the White & Black Roll (though I'm looking forward to trying the Masterpiece Roll on my next visit). To top it all off, they brought out two yummy Banana Tempura desserts for us at the end of dinner, which we enjoyed with our sake and dessert wine.
Props to Qu Bistro for providing a well-priced, quality sushi restaurant in CC. One of my new faves. We will definitely be back soon!This place is really good, as simple as that! We had a lot of time to check out the extensive menu and picked an appetizer, 3 rolls, and each had a drink. We got the purple fries appetizer that was a purple potato bathed in crunchy delicious tempura. It came with a sort of honey mustard sauce that complimented it perfectly. Then our three rolls came out and the presentation was beautiful! Very impressive! They all tasted so fresh and so delicious!!!! I got the lychee Bellini as my drink and it came with two lychee(s?) on top! I'm not sure if the plural of lychee has an s but anyways, Delicious! I would definitely come back here to try more sushi and maybe the ramen too!Like many have said, the happy hour is a great value. I was happy with the rolls offered since I enjoy simple ones as opposed to the fancy combos. Plenty of favs like eek, tuna, salmon, and especially yellow tail. I'm also a huge tempura lover and was so happy with the variety of veggies they offered for $5 happy hour! 
Super easy to figure out how to split the bill since it's all $5 too. 
Best and most unexpected part of my first time dining here though was the drinks. That sangria was so good and I'm not even much of a wine drinker. This is definitely my go to sushi place for dinner from now on.Love the staffs, super friendly and helpful! Love the dishes, fresh and authentic as always! And love the chef, who never ceases to amaze us every single time we visit this place even though we sometimes have the same dishes, they know how to add just minor details, enough to give a new experience but just right so that we can still savor the originality! So far, this is our favorite Japanese place in Philly. Recommend the Out of Control Roll, it does make your diet goes out of control! And also the sashimi, so fresh!I've been coming here for like 3 weeks now but this is my first time trying happy hour sssooooo good. Very good pricing. Customer service is amazing. Really polite and sweet.Great lunch specials! Affordable, excellent portion sizes, and high quality ingredients. Haven't been here for dinner, but their happy hour looks great. I got the three roll lunch special as takeout, but the restaurant itself looked lovely. Very conveniently located. Definitely recommend this as a lunch spot if youre in the mood for Japanese!I'm so glad I found this new sushi place in Center City! I've gone there multiple times for lunch and it's a fairly fast sit down lunch spot. The sushi and bento plates are all great. Their dinner menu is also good, for their grand opening they're offering discounts on their (currently) limited sake and wine selection. They're on a quieter street with less foot traffic, I hope they stick around.I was really excited to try out this new place, but unless you're ordering omakase or the lover boat, and ask for a replacement for the tuna rolls, I'd stay away from the other menu items.
Must get: omakase platter, lover boat, spicy edamame
Meh: Qu ramen, free salad, spicy seafood soup, spider roll
Missed out: pork bun
It is a shame that for such friendly service and modern/hipster decor, I can't really recommend this new sushi spot as it is fairly pricey, the non-fish items are way sub-standard, and some of the fish a bit too much on the cold side. I came here with my family and they were incredibly accommodating in seating us in the corner, as we had a baby on board, visiting us frequently throughout the meal and even treating us with a complimentary bottle of sake towards the end of the meal.
Of note, there was a few faux pas with the menu items, with most of the vegetables completely frozen prior to serving, which is particularly true for the iceberg lettuce in both the salad and the Spider Roll (which was a travesty). The spicy seafood soup was neither impressive nor disconcerting, just...meh. We got a complimentary serving of the spicy edamame by checking in via Yelp - it was actually quite delicious, but hard to eat because you can't hold onto the skin due to the slippery sauce.
The tuna roll that came with the omakase/lover boat was dry and had a sour taste. The Qu ramen was particularly disappointing as the mushroom within the soup completely threw off the flavoring and caused more friction than harmony. The larger sushi/sashimi boats are impressive in presentation and the cuts are generous, however, I would have liked the fish to be more room temperature, much like the omakase platter.
Overall, it pains me to write this review as the staff were so friendly and helpful, but I can't support the food until changes are made. As this restaurant just opened, I hope they can take into account of reviewers' feedback and improve.
Food: 2 stars
Service: 4 stars
Ambiance: 3 stars
Price: 2 starsI walked by Qu Japan Bistro & Bar several times, but I finally took the plunge. Qu's happy hour rivals some of the best in the city.  Currently 3-6pm Mon - Fri, their $5 menu is hefty and allows you to sample some of their best menu items.  
I hope they go all out with fun promotions during the traditional cherry blossom festival season and take over the courtyard in the spring/summer months.
As long as the staff continues to focus on service, they could become a mainstay.
Note: They should add hooks under the bar as well as USB and/or AC outlets throughout the bar area would go a long way for those who want to escape the office and work through lunch.They are open for outdoor dining! 
Pros:
- Service is fantastic. It was starting to drizzle with forecasts of rain, so we notified the servers and they put up umbrellas immediately.
- Value is great! The prices are very reasonable for fresh sushi! The simple rolls are $6-7 while the fancier are $12-17. The dinner specials are also quite worth it!
- Fish was fresh! The rice to filling ratio is also INSANE! Presentation is pretty :)
- Ambiance is nice, we sat outdoors but the inside looks v fancy~
I feel like this is a great spot to get fancy-ish sushi at good prices. Overall would recommend and I want to come back and try their lunch specials!Happy Hour is now $6 instead of $5. Still a great deal! Their eel avocado roll is one of the better ones I've had.Service was great.  Sushi was adequate.  The redeeming factor was the happy hour pricing.pass by this amazing restaurant, they have great deal of happy hour, price is really affordable. The service is very friendly and knowledgeable. food quality is good and fresh. The restaurant ambiance is romantic too. I will definitely come back again!!!!!!!!!! Thumbs up!!!!! HAPPY HOUR IS AMAZING, RECOMMENDED.Tried Qu Japan last night and it was great! It's newly opened so it wasn't busy. They have amazing Happy Hour specials from 5-7 pm. Great spot for after work with colleagues or a date nightQu Japan Bistro and Bar is fantastic! We ordered takeout during the pandemic and it was delicious. We live just a block away and were able to come pick up. Great value (really good portions for a good price) and very friendly staff. We will most definitely be ordering from here again!He's my uncle. Ok thats my Yelp review buh BYe!!!Really fresh tasting and delicious rolls. They've been a go to for delivery during the pandemic and never disappoint. It's always a fast and tasty option. Never been disappointed and I love how they do a spicy crunchy California.I normally don't like places that are rated "the best". But this was definitely the best! The sushi was amazing and the $5 appetizers were on point. The main dish was so good with the reference and suggestion from the Waitress. The service was above par! 
Due to covid we had to sit outside but they were accommodating with heat lamps near each outdoor sitting area. 
So good !!! Highly recommendHas the BEST SUSHI HH in town! Most rolls /items  (not the specialty) were $6 , and really fresh! The fried rice was surprisingly one of our favorites!We ducked into QU Japan to escape a rainy Thursday evening and couldn't have been happier with our experience. Newly opened in the old Potbelly space, QU has attentive servers, comfortable atmosphere and expertly crafted Japanese food. Happy hour offered up numerous $5 bargains including sushi & drinks - we had 4 rolls (basic tuna, white tuna with jalape単o, shrimp tempura and a crispy roll) - all were delicious, fresh and flavorful. For dinner we had a pork ramen, and chicken teriyaki. The ramen was subtle, with soft  noodle, tender pork slices and mushrooms. The teriyaki was served on diced vegetables with white rice, and had a sophisticated sweetness. (As a frequent customer of a nearby chicken teriyaki food truck stalwart, I couldn't help but feel guilty of betrayal, but I pushed on nevertheless). 
QU may have an uphill climb in terms of a dinner crowd in this neighborhood as most are running for their evening train, but their food is legit and you get a lot for your money. A return trip is imminent.My new favorite sushi place!! Me and my boyfriend went for the first time the other night, and it was amazing. The atmosphere was fun with good music, and the sushi tasted so fresh and so good! The rolls were nice and big too (which is a plus because some places tend to skimp on the rolls). I highly recommend Qu Japan, and we will definitely be returning!Our first time to try this restaurant. It was very good and we'll be back when we come back to Phili.What an EXCELLENT addition to the center city scene. I love everything about this restaurant from their awesome happy hour specials, to their friendly servers, to their awesome social-distancing friendly outdoor specials. As someone that resided in Japan for four years I recognized good Japanese food. Everything that I have ordered from here has been delicious. I have tried the sushi, the ramen and the teriyaki dishes.The highlight of this place was the HH prices. Everything was $6 (sushi and drinks). We ordered the spicy crunchy tuna, spicy crunch salmon, and avocado roll. The sushi was okay, nothing spectacular, but it was also $6 per roll so I guess you can't really complain. The sangria was sweet, tasted more like juice than alcohol so honestly I'd just pass on that if you were really looking for a Happy Hour drink. They had other drink options on their HH menu though. My friend got the shrimp tempura roll and said it was terrible so maybe don't order that one. 
The vibe of the place was pretty cute. I might return again, but I'm not pressed to come back right now. Pro tip: check in for the free spicy edamame offer. I actually really liked it.Absolutely stunned by the fabulous food and service  here.  Met a few friends for happy hour last night and the selections were amazing.  Can't wait to take my family there.  My new fave spot!Qu Japan Bistro & Bar made for a nicely quiet lunch date on a Monday afternoon. Our house salads and sushi came out quickly, within 10 minutes of when we ordered. Everything we had was delicious. 
The ginger dressing for the house salad was so scrumptious, with just the right amount of viscosity. Usually I find that ginger dressing can become a bit runny, but that was not the case at all here. 
For my entree, I had the Out of Control roll which was certainly out of control delish. The only thing is next time I might ask for extra eel sauce on the side. The California Roll too was enjoyable. 
Our waitress Tracey was super attentive and sweet. She made a special note on our orders that my boyfriend has a peanut allergy so that our rolls would be made in an area that wasn't contaminated by the peanut avocado roll they have. 
The one element of this restaurant I'd change is the music they play -- incredibly upbeat EDM on a slow afternoon. Not the best mix! 
Otherwise, loved it here.This has become one of my favorite sushi spots in Center City. The owner and staff are friendly and genuinely have a passion for creating and serving impeccable food. My favorite roll is the out of control roll, which is shrimp tempura and mango topped with spicy tuna, avocado and red tobiko. They also have an amazing happy hour menu with $5 drinks, kitchen and sushi items!Came here after work on a weekday and it was pretty empty -- probably because this place just opened a couple of days ago. This place has some nice ambiance especially with the candles lit on the dining tables. 
The happy hour deals were pretty good -- $5 sushi rolls, starters, and dessert. I was also told that the happy hour serving sizes were the same as the regular serving sizes. 
Salmon Dream was pretty good. The salmon was partially cooked and it was fatty and delicious. The Crispy Spicy was interesting, I've never had anything like it before. I liked it and would get it again.
The rolls we got were pretty standard although I would say they were less salty than most sushi rolls I've had. They weren't bland but I did dip them in soy sauce for a lil more sodium. I usually don't dip my sushi rolls in soy sauce though because that's too salty for me.
For dessert, we got the fried cheesecake. It looked like it was a slice of cheesecake that was dipped in tempura-like batter and deep fried. Tastewise, it didn't blow my mind -- it tasted like how you expect it would.
Also got the spicy edamame for free from the Yelp check-in. It was served warm and it was garlicky and delicious!
TLDR: would def come back for salmon dream and crispy spicy.We came in for a late dinner and were pleasantly surprised by this little sushi joint. We tried several different rolls, vegetable ramen, purple fries, and spicy edemame and all of it was delicious! The servers were very kind and made sure we were taken care of and warm while we ate outside. The menu is extensive with lots of East Asian cuisine options. I would recommend checking it out.This is one of my favorite sushi restaurant. They are newly open sushi restaurant in the center city. Very nice place to eat, foods are good as wellGreat food, very satisfied with my visit. I ordered the pineapple fried rice, eel avacado roll and mochi and everything was delicious.I was craving some warm broth on a cold Saturday night. Qu has been on my radar since I first saw them constructing the place. The ambiance is great. I love the floral arrangements, the plants on the shelves. One thing I didn't like were the bathroom stalls. You could totally see in to the stall because there a gap between the door and the frame. So beware! Staff is great and very attentive. They would often check in on us and even fill up our glasses with water even though I could've poured it myself. Their customer service is on point for sure!
The ramen was just ok. I felt like it's not their strong dish. Perhaps it was my preference to have a little more spice, but they were nice and accommodating by giving me chili flakes. I tried their spicy crunch salmon roll, which I was content with. Again, not that spicy to me, but I still enjoyed it because it tasted fresh to me! My opinion is they might be catering to an audience that tolerates a milder taste.
Pricing was pretty fair to other Japanese places. I probably wouldn't come here just for their ramen though. I would definitely return for happy hour some time to try more of their sushi and appetizers. Thank you for the lovely experience, Qu!The sushi taste fresh ! And delicious! The ramen are excellent! I never really care spending so much money for sushi. But at Qu, I always spend more then my budget for lunch or dinner . O well...What a truly nice surprise. They are much cheaper than the competition. Every single thing was so wonderful and unique, I really liked my White Tuna. But above all I enjoyed the customer service. I can't say enough good things about this place.Was looking for a bar or lounge to kill a couple of hours before our dinner reservation and we came upon this cute little restaurant that has a weekend happy hour menu. Score! The restaurant was pretty empty on a Saturday late afternoon, but service was super quick and attentive.
All the items on the happy hour menu (appetizers, sushi, beer, wine, sake) were $5/each. Several of the appetizer options (although they were smaller portions than their normal dinner menu) were a good value! I'd definitely recommend trying the Salmon Dream - it was very tasty! The salad dressing did have a little bit of wasabi kick to it, but it wasn't overwhelming. Other menu items sounded good too and I wish we could've tried more foods, but we didn't want to spoil our appetite for dinner. 
Overall, great happy hour prices, very nice staff. I'd want to come back and try more foods.*3.5/5
Came here to belatedly celebrate my lil bro's birthday. Def were the odd folks out since most people at the Friday evening happy hour were couples or girl groups ready for a night of debauchery. This somewhat translated to the food itself, which was basically just cheap but subpar sushi. Who needs quality sushi when you're wasted though? Unfortunately for us, we were both quite sober (and my brother is also quite underage) so we were conscious enough to taste the deficiencies in quality. They did give us a complimentary bowl of spicy edamame for checking in on Yelp, which was pretty fire and the first time the Yelp check-in landed me something tangible.
I would not come here sober but this seems like a good spot for a pregame.My husband and I stopped by here last week to pick up some sushi and we were reminded of how great of a place this is! The service is amazing. I believe the lady who gave us our food is the owner and she is really sweet and helpful. Even in this take-out/delivery only situation for restaurants, their food was delicious and fresh. I recommend everyone to try this place out!Favorites from tonight's order were: the omikase dinner, the sashimi dinner, the salmon dream, the white tuna with jalape単o and the gyoza. The sashimis were so fresh and melted in your mouth.  I think it's the best I've had and I've tried many sushi restaurants over the years. Loved the slight sear on the salmon from the salmon dream. The gyoza were so juicy and flavorful with a slight smokiness. We ordered a few drinks: Sapporo beer, asahi beer, lychee Bellini, red sangria and flavored sake with fruit; all were very good. Loved the lychee Bellini the most, tasted like lychee infused champagne. The staff and chef were very informative,  friendly and attentive! Definitely recommend and would be my go to place from now on.Came here on a Friday night with my fiance for dinner and it was great! The service was awesome and the two ladies that helped us that night were so sweet. We got a few rolls and pieces of sushi and all the food was delicious and fresh. Definitely hit all the points when it comes to sushi. 100% recommend this place!The miso soup was full flavored, unctuous, and well seasoned. It's just the standard Japanese restaurant miso.
The rolls are generously filled with fresh fish. The rice is soft but still toothy.
The veggie and shrimp tempura was crispy, executed well on the protein, and the batter had a pleasant touch of fresh oil.All the roles were very delicious! 
The server was very sweet. The food came out very quickly. Nice dance/club music inside and outdoors.Fabulous sushi restaurant. I come here for lunch while I'm on a my work break and I absolutely love the sushi! Quality sushi place!I can't go here enough! It's so good. I'm a total sushi snob and there sashimi is super fresh. Love love love!great food, I would definitely go back. They had a good strong margarita also which i lovedI don't usually write reviews but this place was just so good that I had to. I went for the first time today with my family and the service was fantastic. We were ordering take-out and we were helped immediately. The waitresses were very friendly. We ordered 3 rolls, 2 entrees, and 2 appetizers and the pricing was very reasonable for what we got. The entrees were very fresh and the food stayed hot for a surprisingly long time. It was a great experience since we were looking at other restaurants in the area and happened to stumble upon this one. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone who is in the mood for Japanese food! I wish I had photos to share but it smelled so good we just dug right in.The quality of food here is amazing!! Especially the sunset and Kissmore rolls. Ambient place with good music in the background. Wine list needs a little work but great options for drinks overall. The staff is very kind and knows the menu well.We did take out which was ready within a quick 15 minutes. The veggie gyoza were delicious (a little mushy but great). The eel avocado hand roll was big with more extras than rice which I appreciated. We got the shrimp and vegetable tempura which was large and crispy with the right flavor and sauce. Winner was the Fiery roll which was the right amount of spicy. Everything was really reasonably priced and the quality on point. I look forward to going back.