Great portions as I had the BBQ Bacon Cheeseburger with fries. Very friendly service as I was greeted when I walked in the door and when I left. I am used to Jersey diners being a lot more spacious as this one appears to not seat as many as some that you'll see in the Garden State.Hey-- it's a diner.  You were expecting maybe gourmet cuisine?!
Enter hungry.
It's OK.  It's even good.  You sure get a lot of food for your money.  Surprisingly wide selection at the salad bar.  Big menu, very reasonably priced.  Lots of complete dinners.  Even better prices if you catch the Early Bird Specials.  Lots of handsome desserts, too.  And don't forget breakfast and lunch, too.  Be sure to read the billboards on the parking-lot wall.
You gotta love the '50s dinerness of the decor, gotta love the experience.
Smaller than the average diner.  It's on a congested (by local standards) shopping street, but there's off-street parking.  Quaker Diner is half a block from Five Points (intersection of Rising Sun, Oxford, and Cottman Aves.), so there are lots of buses nearby.  Heck, I've even WALKED there!
They're good people-- they donate catering to events at the Lawndale Methodist Church a block or two down Cottman Ave.  I'm no Methodist, but I go to some of the community meetings where local politicians give talks and Q&A sessions-- and afterwards help myself to a platter of that Quaker Diner catering while I shmooze with the other civic-minded souls.
So much good about the place... I'm gonna give them an extra star!Enjoyed breakfast with great service and food.  Bacon was delish.  Over medium eggs perfectly cooked.  Fresh flowers on table were nice touch.had a really good breakfast sandwich here ,and my friend had creamed chip beef...both items were served hot ,even though it was packed..good selection for all meals ,alot of specials available..reasonable definitely ,plus a small but good salesman ..
when we were there some crazy lady who was hell bent on complaining for a free meal did just that.I wanted to tell her and the hostess/manager who was trying to right all wrongs to just shut up...the manager hostess was so fake ass nice to this woman it made us nauseous..honestly...
but...good food ,clean spot and variety ..so we'll be back...If you are hungry and don't want to take a chance then brother this is the place to chow down. The grub is gooooood as in great. The price is right and you will always need a take out box. I live in the neighborhood just a few blocks away and have eaten here for years. The place is clean, friendly and has that NE Philadelphia atmosphere. When you eat here you eat with friends.
Forget the chain joints, you want real deal Philadelphia???
"YO" up and eat up at the Quaker !!!!Service was non existent. Searched for a server multiple times. Had to ask multiple times to be seated. The getting waiter assigned is an disorganized process. On top of that the food came in separately. And we didn't get our toast til we were done eating. Will not be revisiting.I tried and tired to like this place but it is awful.  its needs to be sold and turned over to some new blood.I was hesitant to try this diner...but since it was more recently renovated I thought why not.  So far so good...best pancakes in the area...good combo breakfast and very very reasonable...I have to say the service was beyond excellent...they were soooo nice...I have gone back several times but for breakfast only...yet to try their other items.  Gave this three stars because the coffee could be better...they should be serving La Colombe coffee yum :-) :-) :-) :-)I've been here a handful of times, twice for breakfast and twice for dinner. It's been a few months since I've been there but I can't imagine it's much different.
I only ever get breakfast or sandwiches at diners because they're usually the safest bet for me and they're (generally) hard to screw up. I've been to Quaker 4 times (had the same waitress for both breakfast occasions, and different waitresses for the dinner times), and only on ONE of these visits was my order not messed up in some way. Either things were forgotten, or I was given something completely different. I once ordered a club sandwich or a wrap (I forget) and was brought a quesadilla instead. With three different waitresses messing up my orders, I was starting to think I was the problem...but I never have problems getting the right food at other establishments. So I don't know what's up.
The breakfast wait was absolute torture both times. It was really crowded. We had an older waitress who seemed to be waiting on ALL the tables in the side section and was moving at a snail's pace getting everything for everyone. I got french toast and it was fine but we were there for an outrageous period of time. The two times I went for dinner, the place was virtually EMPTY which I thought was strange as it was 6-7PM and when most diners are full. 
It's cheap diner food and the food mixups were really annoying, but the staff I've interacted with are very nice and have good attitudes. They were really cool and apologetic about the order mess ups.Don't expect culinary expertise here. Depending on who is in the kitchen, this is more hit or miss. I've had tremendous food here, but more often it's average to unacceptable. It appears that there is a tremendous employee turnover here. Management doesn't have a clue! Prices are moderate, but you get what you pay for. If you don't spend at least ten dollars, put that credit card away or be prepared to get a lecture. Enjoy?We stopped on the way home from my daughters soccer game. 
Food was great. We got burgers and a chicken wrap. The bay fries were very good. The onion rings not as good. Waitress was great. Food took a little too long for a diner. Overall good experience.Chris and Alex and Mary and Marina are all simply the best. Food is good & comforting --and within budget! This is the diner to beat! Oh and not to mention the best corned beef hash in Philadelphia!Not very good. We had breakfast, lunch and dinner on our visit and all was mediocre.
Our waitress was very nice and tried her best.Came into the diner at 630 PM. The salad bar had been picked over., the containers of dressing either had a skin on them or slopped over the sides. Also.the lettuce to dry and curl up. And the salads. such as potato salad. Coleslaw, etc. all dried around  estimate to try it asked me edges and could have easily been stirred and freshened up,Also, the onion rings were almost burnt and did not remotely taste like an onion. My husband ordered the stuffed tilapia and asked me to try It. It was awful. It didn't even taste like seafood or. let alone stuffed with seafood. What a shame We have been coming here for over 10 years. And it has steadily gone downhill. We will never come back.Where do I start...had the most amazing party in my mouth with their signature crab cake benedict...the combination was perfect crab cake was fried lightly, inside had the perfect seasoning and texture, hollandaise sauce complimented the whole dish..great service from Martina, so clean, everyone so friendly. My husband enjoyed the fact they had turkey products which worked out great..keep up the good work I will definitely come again...I don't normally give five stars but everything about my experience was perfect...I haven't been here in 5 years because I live in Seattle now, but I still remember their chicken parm sandwich. It's huge-- I used to eat half and save the rest for another meal. The french fries are battered! Club sandwiches were pretty good too. I used to come often on Sundays. Staff wears their Eagles gear on Sundays so it feels joyous and hopeful in there-- everyone's in a good mood. 
I hope it means something that I still think about their chicken parm sandwiches on the other side of the country.I so wanted to like this little diner! The server was so nice and was very attentive to my family. Unfortunately,  the food left much to be desired. The onion rings were TERRIBLE.  I've never tasted an onion ring that literally tasted like nothing...I mean crispy nothing. Then the burger someone in my group ordered was requested medium rare and it came out burnt and flavorless. There was absolutely no pink and it was drier than the desert. I would not recommend this diner but the server can come babysit my kids anytime ;)Great for Sunday Breakfast.  The place has been given a nice face lift in the past month.  Looks totally different.I have had some more luck with food here and the updates seems to add some new life. Heres hoping that they keep it upI went to Quaker DInner to try something new, after 2pm the place was dead. I ordered a breakfast burger by the time the waitress got me my diet coke I notice that the glass was broken I mean come on how are you going to make bussness with this. When my food was served to me , I notice that they burned my onion rings were really black, the service was terrible. My suggest is don't go there, it took ten mins to get my check and another ten mins inorder to pay really
Bad service. Don't bother going there waist of time.Not a good place to go if you are hungry !  The pancakes well let's just say they had that feeling like they were frozen and warmed up to serve, the cheese eggs had that taste as if the cheese was that plastic wrapped cheese. The orange juice was great but I would never recommend trying that place again in life!Quaker Diner was the worst experience in food I have ever encountered!  I will never return and do not recommend this place.Uninspiring food served by uninspiring servers. Nothing terrible here, but you can do better elsewhere. There's really no reason to eat here, unless you happen to know someone.Bad wait staff and they were out of half the food they had on menu .. went their for breakfast and they were out of OJ how can that be on a Sunday morningI am never stepping into this place ever again. I ordered food and drinks. It took 20 min to get the drinks and on top of that there were ANTS everywhere. 
DO NOT EAT HEREOde to Quaker Diner. A Haiku.
easy greasy food
want death when old lady speaks
Paul best waiter here
It is what it is folks. A greasy spoon on a dirty street. The food can be hit or miss, but has been all hit in the last two months. Admittedly I tend to get the same few things (omelets, eggs over medium w/ pork roll, grits, home fries...) but did enjoy a good club sandwich once. The staff show no problem airing their dirty laundry and the oldest waitress there has uttered some of the funniest in an old school racist "Archy bunker" ignorant shit I've ever heard. Spit my coffee once, and I love every drop.
It's a solid choice when I don't feel like cooking breakfast for myself. Staff picked up quick on my idiosyncrasies and give me perfect service every time. Paul is my guy, he covers all the bases whether it's just you in his section or he's slammed. 
Don't expect greatness folks, but don't count it out either...
Oh, try to bring cash, you'll get a lecture for trying to pay with a card for anything under $10.We noticed the cool facade and decided to check out this diner. Great decision. Even though they were out of the Snapper soup we really enjoyed our meal. The salad bar was especially good. Everyone's meal (cheesesteak, turkey meatloaf and shell parmigiana) was delicious. Helpings were generous and the waitress accommodating. Will definitely return!Terrible food, slow service, place is not clean at all, no one answers the phone, my fish and chips was all grease and they're was supposed to old bay fries and coleslaw, clearly brought out regular fries no coleslaw and two greasy fish sticks, two waitresses in the entire restaurant both couldn't handle 5 tables between the two of them and were incredibly slowHaven't been here in years, but we live in the area and stopped in for breakfast today. Seated in a booth immediately. DIner was spotless. Coffee was fresh and hot. My boyfriend had the biscuits and  sausage gravy platter. It was huge for $7.95 and so very good - biscuits and sausage gravy with over easy eggs.....yum.... I sampled it.  I got a ham and cheese omelet with rye toast, also tasty.  Service was efficient and everyone was pleasant.  Will be back, maybe to try lunch or dinner.My father's been pulling me out of school to get breakfast here all my life. It was one of my favorite memories growing up. Sadly, visiting now as an adult, it's not the lovely place I wish it was. I had a baby shrimp pasta that had way too much angel hair. The shrimp (and fake crab sticks) were far too salty, and the pasta was bland. My father's tuna steak was over cooked and sided with too many bland potatoes. I was missing a fork, we each got one small paper napkin, and the salad bar was weak at best with stale bread. There was no one else eating yet the waitress still felt the need to keep us waiting unless she was talking to her friend. Not very friendly until near the end of the meal. I would recommend this place for a lovely traditional style breakfast and coffee, but never for lunch or dinner. It will continue to be a great memory and I look forward to many breakfasts in the future.Had breakfast here this morning and I cannot say enough about how much we enjoyed it. Everything was very clean and shiny. Our server was so friendly and attentive. She must have offered to refill our coffee cups four times. The food was just fantastic! I cannot believe I have not been here in a few years because of bad reviews I read. People, let me tell you, you've gotta try this for place yourself!Looking for something near by and not really feeling anything specific 
diners always fit the bill.I Known of the Quaker diner but just recently found out they have awesome food. My first trial was take out and it was perfect. Even eaten 15 minutes later. So me and the wife headed over for a Friday early dinner. First impressions walking in were shocking. Loved the chrome and shiny diner decor. Clean everywhere which is something I adore. Friendly staff told us to set where we like. I really love the choice to pick my sit, not sure why but I really appreciate it.
I ordered the chopped sirloin with wedges and both were perfect. Great grilled onions adorned the broiled meat juicy and flavorful topped with homemade gravy set this meal right. Potatoes crispy just how I like it. 
Wife had the chicken and shared a piece with me, cause she cares. Crispy to perfection
and moist inside. Fries are good as well. Clucking good chicken.
Dinners came with soup or salad bar and choice of homemade dessert. Lots to chose from but we both wanted the chocolate cake and it did not disappoint. 
I had the cheesecake before and creamy and light and oh so fucking good. Burgers here are also fantastic. I talked with the owner/chef and everything is made from scratch and you can tell. 
This is my new go to, next visit trying some breakfast vittles.
UPDATE (11/23/17):
Stopped by Thanksgiving morning for a quick breakfast. Everyone super friendly and the food was perfect and very fulling. I really loved how crispy and light the waffle was. Breakfast is king and I will be it's court jester.My visit was on New Years Day, 1/1/15 had breakfast, fish and grits which is a Philly favorite but unfortunately this place was a horrible experience. This was my 1st and LAST time to be there. I heard about the great portions and decided to give it a try. Wow was I wrong!!  There were two of us very sick with the runs and I threw up. We believe the fish was super old and gave us food poisoning!! I am calling to speak with the owner and will also consider calling the BBB on them. I am truely sorry for giving them a chance and do not recommend anyone to eat here unless you want to be sick not to mention the wait time for our food was over an hour!We ordered the buffalo chicken cheese steak with onion rings and french fries. The buffalo chicken was average but the french fries and the onion rings were the best I've ever had they're fried to perfection.We ate here yesterday morning.  We have been stopping and eating here for about 5 years no and today the meal was horrible. The bacon and pork roll are being deep fried and end up being overly crispy and without flavor. The waitress I think was the manager too was slow, inattentive, and brought our breakfast out in stages. Very scatterbrained and just did not seem to care.  This used to be s great place to eat but the last few times it has declined in both service and quality of good.From some of these reviews it sounds like people are expecting a 4 or 5 star restaurant. You have to take it for what it is... A diner. The staff is always nice and the breakfast is good. I love their French toast. I must admit that I've never had anything but the breakfast. The food is greasy but they tend to cater more towards drunk and Hung over people who want just that's. Greasy. I've never been disappointed here.Ordered a Caesar salad with shrimp but received a salad w/ tomatoes and red peppers. I didn't ask for that. But I think they were trying to compensate for the missing components of the Caesar, whatever the case, Would have been polite to put them on the side or give me the choice to choose a differ salad. They did take my name and number when I ordered.I was here once with an exboyfriend of mine. I had the cheesesteak. It was fucking disgusting!!! It seriously made me sick.
Unless you like disgusting shitty food, don't go to the Quaker Diner.Order cheese and mushroom omelet with wheat toast side of pork roll. What I got was cheese omelet with wheat toast.  And I over heard other missing parts of there orders.Seriously, folks...it's a diner.  No cloth napkins.  No waiter and runner and busboy.  No silver plated utensils.  So let's keep the expectations real.
Food is okay.  Not memorably good, nor memorably bad.  Just okay.  I do remember that breakfast was hot.  Oh yeah...I should mention that.  I had the breakfast, because I LOOOVE breakfast, and restaurants *usually* can't screw up eggs or pancakes.
Our coffee cups went empty.  That's bad.  Really, really really really bad.  
Oops..and when coffee mugs were first put on the table,  one of them had lipstick on it.  No, really.  I am NOT making that up.  
(Not a normal color, neither, but like some "late night drag queen hot pink")
Food was hot but took longer than it should have.  I'm used to diners, because I LOVE diners and diner food.  Gimme a diner breakfast or diner meatloaf and mashed potatoes any day!  
But I dunno...this place just seemed like a "miss" on so many levels.Big portions, and great local service. Truly philly. Awesome Cherry Cheescake. The breakfast options are endless, all at great prices.We frequent the diner often;nice waitress always ,no matter who we get ,and that busboy\utility young man is always busy helping out ,and is so pleasant..
 ..good people without question.
 Today ,after church we stopped and I ordered a Spanish omelette and in all the years here ,and trips to the diner ,it was the worst food item I've ever received .I order eggs ,dinners ,clubs ,soup ,whatever suits me on that day,so I've had good omelets here before many times ....I looked down to day to see eggs with red slop for lack of better word  ,and a few onions maybe throw on top .
Didn't look appetizing and tasted worse .
Didn't have time today to send it back ,ate the toast ,homefries and called it a day ..
I recommend this dinner
,just stay away from the Spanish omelette.Great food, large portions, fresh, quick service and awesome prices!! I little small inside, especially the bathrooms, but good experience!Quite possibly the worst French Toast I've had in Philly. 
This is including Pete's Clown House.
It was burned on one side and soggy on the other. 
HOW IS THAT POSSIBLE?
Also I had the Shepards Pie...I never ate something so tasteless in my life. I've had better Shepards pie in elementary school. It was sad. 
Needless to say I shan't be going back.Delicious breakfast. Many different items to try including stuffed French toast, chocolate chip pecan pancakes, sausage gravy, eggs Benedict. All my favorites. Service was prompt and breakfast was cheap. The new interior looks just as good as the exterior. Well doneGreat combo bkfst deals. Recently renovated seems to have improved customer service. Coffee can use improvementDelicious breakfast. Many different items to try including stuffed French toast, chocolate chip pecan pancakes, sausage gravy, eggs Benedict. All my favorites. Service was prompt and breakfast was cheap. The new interior looks just as good as the exterior. Well doneThis has to be one of the finest diners in the entire city.  Great food, and outstanding service, not to mention very fair prices.  I stop here even when I'm not hungry.We stopped in from out of town and this diner was locasted close to our airbnb. We arrived about 45min before closing so the place only had 1 other customer. First thing we noticed was that the place seemed really clean. Secondly, our waitresses was impeccably nice and friendly. We have 3 young children and you would think the waitress herself had kids but to our surprise, she didn't. Some woman just have great maternal instincts! But the food?... hmmm... wish I could write something positive about it. I ordered the Joey's Favorite - Double bacon cheeseburger (medium rare).. Best way to describe the burger is that the meat patties appeared to have been cooked before we arrived as there was no moisture to the patties at all. The bacon slices too weren't fresh from the grill.. The pancakes off the children's menu came out great as did my wife's gyro. But my burger can only best be described as a hot mess. I didn't say anything as it was late and place was essentially shutting down. Plus, my wife only ate half of her gyro so I got the other half.. It's a shame because the hospitality by the staff was great. If my burger came out decent, I would have definitely considered giving QD at least 4, maybe 5 stars. If I'm ever in town again, I will give the place another chance. Maybe we arrive too late and the   cook took short cut and gave me pre-cooked patties.. Who knows... But I'm willing to give this place another shot because the hospitality by the staff earned another chance!This place, as soon as you enter reeks of body odour!!!!  I mean if I was pregnant, I would probably have thrown up! Still on my Husband's insistence we sat down to eat breakfast (eeew). We ordered simple Egg Omelette and Belgian Waffle. Waffle was bit burnt. 
I have eaten at other diners and really old restaurants but never like this place the way it smells!!!! Never going here again.Second time being here and both times have had phenomenal service and the food was excellent. Having a ten person party and not a single mistake made on any of our orders shows that the staff is excellent at their jobs. Will definitely come here again!French Toast was completely dry. It looked like they buttered the bread with egg batter and toasted it. If the bread was thinner or they soaked it it may have been good but it was inedible and a waste of money. We also had the cream chipped beef which was good and why I split the difference and gave them three stars.French ToastI've been here a couple of times for lunch so far. 
The pros:
1. Super close to my work
2. parking lot off of Rising Sun Ave so no hunting for coins for the meter
3. Good sandwiches and French fries
4. Very inexpensive (my friend got a gyro platter which came with soup, fries, and a desert for I think $7.50)
The Cons: 
1. Both times I've tried their soups (they come with most lunch combos) they were not great. The chicken noodle needed salt and seasoning and the French onion might hve been the worst French Onion soup I've had (too many types of cheeses, including American (why???) and the crouton was rye, which was just overpowering.
2. Service can be a little slow. 
So far the buffalo chicken wrap, the fresh cut fries, and the paninis have been good. I will likely be back, but just not for soup.I had the cheese grits and fried cod,
Very fresh and delicious..
Today I had the Turkey Club Sandwich with Fries. 
Mom had the Chicken salad club with fries..
Very deliciousBeen going there for a month now..
Everything I had so far was delicious,I also had the beef and lamb gyro, a cheese steak deluxe and onion rings,very good alsoStopped in this morning for breakfast!! There is many spots to park in the Diners parking lot. 
When I walked in i was surprised by how nice this Diner looks. Can tell it had been remodeled. And looks great and alot of room. 
Was seated very quickly and given a menu. It's pretty good size menu with many breakfast options to choose from and good prizes.. 
I wound up ordering the French toast and bacon. It was definitely good. French toast just done right, the bacon crispy just the way I like it. Coffee was pipeing hot. 
The service was spot on always quick to the table for coffee refills and anything I needed. 
I'm glad to find this Diner on Yelp and look forward to coming back in the near future for breakfast or even Dinner. 
You can tell while sitting down that many regulars coming to the diner often for there morning breakfast. Many seem to know each other well. 
But if you want a big breakfast for a cheap price then this is you're spot!!!Food is always good 
I had the lamb and beef Gyro this time,,it was so much that I couldn't eat it all, so I  packed it up and took it home for later.
My cousin had the cranberry Turkey dinner on a long roll,  it was very good also.
It was alot so she had to pack it up to take home for laterThe establishment was clean but small. Service was good but the food was sub par. Chicken and waffles were not good, at all. I noticed many regulars there which might account for the 4.5 star rating on Google. I was disappointed because I went in hungry and left out hungry.I am happy to report that, although I am a few years behind on this, the major renovation and updating of Quaker Diner is quite amazing.
I visited there once before many years ago, and I did not enjoy my experience. The details why I was unhappy are irrelevant - because after going back recently after they completely changed the entire diner inside, outside and on the menu, has made me forget all about that.
Complete kudos to those running this great little neighborhood diner. It was clean, everyone was friendly, the service was quick, the coffee was hot, and it had a stacked menu filled with all standard diner food, but with many variations on those standards, which made them stand out. I very much enjoyed my spicy omelette. 
While I personally am not a regular there, I noticed that just about every other booth around me, the customers were on a first name basis with the staff - which to me suggests that there's enough of a reason to keep returning here. 
So, if you're in the northeast area and looking for a great local diner with that authentic dine feel, and that on-point diner food, then look no further than Quaker!Love this dinner. Friendly staff. Great ppl good food. Always treated so nice by staff. Great for breakfast lunch or dinner.The quaker diner is a neighborhood miracle. In a booth or by delivery- due to the Coronapocalypse- the food is ALWAYS AMAZING. Every time I've eaten there. Huge portions- I've never eaten it all, I always have some for breakfast or lunch the next day. And I can clean a plate.
The staff are amazing, polite and welcoming when on site, and their delivery is always fast. 
I cannot wait to order from them again, I just have to remember to prep some leftover containers ahead of time.A Big Thumbs Down. My creamed chipped beef looked like redskinned mashed potatoes and was the same consistency. The waitress didn't even ask if anything was wrong, even though I couldn't eat anything. My dining companions did a little better with their eggs and toast. We were then placed on 'ignore' by our waitress. She asked if we wanted boxes (no one ate much) and again, when we said no, did not ask if anything was wrong or could she get us something else. When I asked the cashier to speak to the manager regarding the terrible food and service, she told me that our waitress WAS the manager. Yikes. Lost cause. Do NOT go there unless you want to eat bad food in a crummy place with poor service.