Official is an understatement. Real deal! Nice staff too. I highly suggest this place to anyone if you want that authentic.Decent size portions, but the oxtails were not Jamaican style oxtails. They were soul food style, and not that tender. The service was prompt, and I really enjoyed the rice and cabbage. I would go back, but maybe for the jerk chicken or beef patties as other people have recommended.Having lunch here now with my friend from Jamaica. It's delicious authentic food. Large portions at a great price. Curry goat and jerk chicken. Meat pie and cow toe soup. Super friendly owners. Will be back often!!!The food is amazing. The portions are huge and filling, and the taste is very authentic. The employees are friendly and accommodating to your taste buds.
My friend and I went to pick up dinner after a day of walking around the city taking photographs. 
His suggested this restaurant and at first I wasn't thrilled since I am Jamaican, and I have yet to find good Jamaican food on the go, well this place exceeded my expectations. The food is delicious and the food size is huge, even though the prices are lower than most Jamaican restaurants. However, business must be great because people kept on coming in ordering.I arrived as they were closing shop and had run out of meat, but they did invite me in to have some of the last bits of rice and cabbage and curry, gratis. Such a delightful place.Every once in a while I look to try something new so in my travels I noticed that there was a long line at this restaurant and that usually means there is good food so I went inside.  The 1st thing I noticed was how vast the menu is and it not only included traditional Jamaican dishes like Curry goat but they also had non traditional dishes such as cow foot and cow skin... I ended up ordering the curry goat and it was delicious even if you have never had it before the flavor made it something that everyone can like.Oxtails platter was on point mm mm good..
It was so good i had to eat it in the car with baeFirst time coming here and the food is amazing and authentic. I got the jerk chicken, rice & peas, and cabbage. I felt like I was back in Jamaica!! Love this place and will definitely be coming back.
If there's a line, it's worth the wait!Great Jamaican food! The oxtail taste and portion was everything I hoped for. Very polite and quick service as well. I'm looking forward to trying the rest of the menu and Would definitely recommend it.I got a platter which consisted of jerk chicken with sauce, beans and rice, and cabbage. The food was good and flavorful. The jerk chicken was slightly overcooked or it might not had been tender in the first place. It was seasoned well, however. The beans and rice was my favorite as it had good texture, moist, and seasoned. The sauce from jerk chicken was on top which gave extra tastiness. The cabbage was least favorite. It was undercooked, and too crunchy. Portions were decent as I still have left overs from a size small platter. Prices were average.This place is also known by the name "QUALITY TASTE"  Great food, as a 1st generation Jamaican, I am very picky where I eat.  This place is clean, and good service.  Only complaint is that sometimes they run out of food to fast.  i.e. yams, etc.    should keep the staples in stock constantly.  
Otherwise, when I want a good meal but to tired to cook this where I go.I was eating my food then I came across this.  How repulsive. I've been here many times and this is the first time that this has happened.This Spot is Bangin they have the Best Jerk chicken and bbq chicken and they have the beat price on oxtail.The rice was over cooked and gummy and only like 3 beans in the rice. The cabbage could have been seasoned more and the curry chicken wasn't that flavorful. I drove 18 miles for this disappointmentIt was great but I am picky about my Jamaican food so I can't quite give it 5 stars.Incredible taste and value!
We bought a large jerk chicken platter for I believe $10, and it provides 4 servings!
The gentleman who helped us even spooned some of the oxtail gravy on our rice.
Only drawbacks are that the coco bread does not seem freshly baked there and that the area seems a  little rough.This place has the best Jamaican food in west philly... their prices are good: $6 for mini, $8 for small & $10 for large (depending on what you get ox tails are more). They serve many other dishes such as stewed fish w peppers & onions
The staff is friendly and quick. A must for Sunday dinnerSo solid! Bright and cheery interior, and super nice staff. We went there two days in a row, and have had the homemade carrot juice, coco bread, chicken curry patty, oxtail combo and jerk chicken combo. The servings are very generous for what we paid. The chef said that they only opened 3 months ago, but it has definitely established its place on Lancaster Ave.This is one of the best Jamaican restaurants in the city that I've come across. Only thing is the line is always long. The food is worth the wait.It's definitely the best Caribbean restaurant so far serving jerk chicken. It's hot and spicy so be prepared to have your tastebuds hoping around. The rice and peas are good but I don't taste coconut ummmm not so Jamaican eh LOL and veggies is just cabbage. That's different I preorder mixed veggie. So I have to take it down 1 star because of lack of coconut milkLove this place. Ackee and Saltfish is delicious! Only complaint is they always run out of food!the worse food in philadelphia pa, never never, never, never, never, never. Never Go to this place for anythinG Ever!Good food, reasonably priced for large portions! 
Was happy with the quality and speed of service. 
Even though the restaurant is small, it does have the Jamaican vibe to it. It's more of a take out place, than a sit-down place. 
I paid around $8 for a medium size take-out dish. Could definitely feed 2 people. 
Jerk chicken was very yummy, especially with jerk sauce on top.I've been coming here for 2 years and it's always on point! Mac and cheese is great. So are the yams. Make sure to ask for gravy on the rice. They give you massive portions for $10. I would recommend it to anyone!I was craving some soul food from university city and GiGi's and big R on 38th was closed so I had to go here as an alternative. Simply put, best decision ever! I pulled to one of the sketchiest part of Lancaster Ave and there it was, a long line of hungry customers awaiting their food. I walked in and instantly smells curry and chicken and fries and I love it! The service was quick and awesome. I figure they could careless because it was so busy but not at all. The girl who took my order really took care of my food. I had jerk chicken with rice and she was patient enough to make sure how much jerk season I wanted on my chicken, how spicy and even unpack to put some extra curry sauce on my rice when I asked for it. Mind you, this is with four people ordering at the same time. Anyways, when I finally got home try the food I was elated. The flavors are in your face! Bold and delicious. Chicken is tender with some crunchy bits on the edges sits on top of a bed of rice soaked in simmered curry sauce was just satisfying! I know exactly where to get my fix now the next time I crave some Jamaican food.Great food! The curry chicken is so good! Huge portions! The jerk chicken is good but needs a lot of gravy added. Just tried the mac n cheese for the first time yesterday and I was so pleased! 2nd best Carribbean food I've tried in Philly. 
The girls at the front are super cool. I would definitely recommend this place!I eat at this place maybe twice a week. I am always satisfied . (Very busy place, always backed up) Try the tilapia! It's worth the wait.The food is amazing. The portions are huge and filling, and the taste is very authentic. The employees are friendly and accommodating to your taste buds.
My friend and I went to pick up dinner after a day of walking around the city taking photographs. 
Her suggested this restaurant and at first I wasn't thrilled since I am Jamaican, and I have yet to find good Jamaican food on the go, well this place exceeded my expectations. The food is delicious and the food size is huge, even though the prices are lower than most Jamaican restaurants. However, business must be great because people kept on coming in ordering.Only tried the oxtail so far, but it's tasty. Tender and flavourful. My Jamaican SIL recommends it and she is picky!Obviously get the jerk chicken. Probably best for take-out. I'm kind of mad this place isn't more popular.Really good Jamaican food! Service was friendly, the food delicious, and portions very plentiful. Especially for the price. $14 fed 3 people. We had the jerk chicken, mac n' cheese, rice and beans, a beef patty and a vegetable patty. All were great but I especially loved the sides. It's not in the best area and we kind of had a weird experience with a crackhead.. but the food was good so I'd come back. It's very small and only has a few seats, so it's probably best to get take-out here.I love their jerk Chicken every time I pass threw here I gotta get me a platter. I definitely recommend this place to everyone who loves Jamaican food the best in Philadelphia if you ask me !Killer Jamaican food , very fairly priced and BIG portions ...get the SMALL for one person . Very friendly staff too , a must go to spot .I had an Ox tail platter that's was great I was so excited to get the platter I went in I didn't even get a chance to take a pic of it to show how good it looked  but it sure was mmmm goodGotta say, this place took me by surprise. I'm thinking, jamaican place In the "hood" with real Jamaicans cooking woul equal good food. Or at least food with some flavor. This lacked all of that. I had a veggie patty which was so gummy and lacked so much flavor it was mind blowing. I couldn't believe how incredibly bad it was. 
My friend got a beef patty which she too said was terrible and he also got a platter which she said lacked all flavor.
You may wonder why this place received 2 stars and not 1. That is because the service was so great. The girl behind the counter was so sweet. 
Don't go here. Trust me.I picked up this meal on 2/2/19. I heard good reviews about this place but sadly was disappointed. They ran out of Mac n cheese. They ran out of plantains. I ordered curry chicken and it might as well have been curry bones. I almost shattered my teeth (and choked) on splintered bones. Last but not least, the curry stew was watery.  I won't be going there again.The food was very tasty. My husband and I had the cow leg and brown stew chicken along with a meat pie. We enjoyed it! The reason why it's a 4/5 instead of 5/5 is because they do not include more options of sides for free, like Jamaican D's that is equally as good. 
The platter comes with a standard but tasty cabbage, while at Jamaican D's you can get macaroni and cheese, mixed vegetables, mash potatoes, sweet yams, cabbage, etc as a side which comes with the platter at no extra cost. 
I'll definitely be back.Sooo glad I made the decision to order food here. I was in the mood for some home cook Jamaican food and I always heard good things about this spot so I decided to give it a try.
First when I walked in the store I noticed the huge crowd of people waiting for their food. I choose to still wait cause I figure if it's crowded that means their food must be good. So I get to the cashier and I ordered the brown stew chicken, rice and beans and cabbage. 
After about a good 20 minutes of waiting. I realize all the people that was in the store with me already got their food and left. I was on my cell phone so I wasn't really paying attention. I went to the cashier to check the status of my order and he was so apologetic and kind he even said please don't be mad at me! Awwe! Then he gave me this huuge platter of food omg!! I gave half to my brother and my niece and nephew.
Overall this food was delicious!! You could tell it was made with love, the chicken was tender and falling of the bone the rice and beans was flavorful it taste like it had a sweet spice to it that made it wonderful and the cabbage was also good all for 8.00 and definitely worth it! I would recommend this restaurant if you want good Jamaican food they have everything from curry and jerk chicken, beef patties and it's all under 12.00 and it's large portions!! well mines was extra large. I kinda felt like I was treated!! Thanks to the friendly staff! I'll be back.If you see a line, suffer through the wait. It's so worth it.
Had the BBQ jerk wings, cabbage, yams, mac and rice and beans. Delicious!Yum. Had the snapper. It was delicious. Also had sides of cabbage, plantains and rice and peas. The portions are very large. My friend had oxtails and said they were quite tasty. The staff is very friendly. It's more of a take out place as there isn't much seating. We managed to seat ourselves and enjoyed the lively atmosphere.They can cook! My second favorite Jamaican restaurant. They also give a lot of good. Often have food leftover after eating! Service is great too, that's important if you know how rude my people are. The workers are always friendly and accommodating.It would be a 5 but yall gonna play me and give me old fried chicken and then try and smother it with stew gravy.  That's NOT stew chicken don't do that we can tell !!!!!  Shame on you !!! Chicken be all hard. That stew gravy don't soften it up.I had the jerk chicken with rice and peas with cabbage and it was very good. This will be my new go to for a Jake grub. I asked for breast meat and they gave me breast meat, which is rare at some of the local Jamaican restaurants. I will return to try another item on the menu. #goodjakegrubThis place has unbelievable Jamaican food. The Jamaican jerk chicken was the most tender chicken I've ever had, which is hard to achieve when cooking in big batches and with high temperature but this place gets it right every. time. The oxtail and the honey dip chicken are to die for, but some options like the honey dip chicken aren't available everyday so make sure you check out the menu or call in advance.I really don't see what the hype is all about. I should have stayed with what I know(Ron's), but I was in the area and was hungry, so I said let me give them a try because someone recommended it to me a little while ago and I even double checked Yelp and read all the reviews. I'm confused because the food didn't have any flavor. There were no rice and beans, it was rice with pigeon peas. They ran out of pepper steak 3:30 in the afternoon. So I settled for fish with rice and cabbage. I asked for the stewed beef gravy to go over rice. Thank God I did because the rice was dry. The gravy didn't even work it's way through the rice, even with me stirring the rice, the gravy didn't get on all of it.  
I should have saw the signs with the fish-tilapia.  I knew it was going to be a cheap fish. 
The only good thing I can say is they have a mini platter which cost $6 and they do fill it up. They are good on the humps of food they give. I had to settle for @ $9 fish platter. They got me once but never again.I was seriously hungry, you know the type of hunger that leaves you angry at everything and everyone. Yeah, I felt like I was going to die if I didn't eat.  23 dollars later (delivery on door dash) and I'm full, satisfied and back to being sweet and cooperative. Food was great, don't get to cook my country's food as often as I use to because cooking curry goat, rice and peas, with shredded cabbage is a labor of love. It's good to know I can get decent Jamaican food in Philadelphia. The rice was a little on the softer side but not mushy enough to warrant a complaint.Been here numerous times after work and found this to be by far the best Jamaican spot I've had in philly. Jerk chicken is always good, sauce got a nice kick to it and the curry goat is another choice you can't go wrong with. Wish they had plantains as a side order but they still have good side options to choose fromFood is really good here. Takeout would be advisable.
I had chicken curry and jerk chicken. My favorite is jerk chicken. The rice cooked in coconut milk with beans is my favourite topping it with the steamed cabbages. A must try place!I wanted to like this place because they got good reviews for the most part and there's no where in my area with west Indian breakfast food so i drove 30 minutes to this place i gor ackee and Saltfish with boiled food and some callaoo........well baby after taking 2 bites i noticed half a damn cricket in my food i called to complain about the insect in my food and the guy was very nice on the phone and apologetic. I was supposed to go back for him to replace the 17$ i spent but i could not hype myself up to go back after what i saw in my food like they really ruined callaoo for me I'm scarred! Ugggggggg!I'm new to Jamaican food, but Quality Taste has been a great intro into the cuisine! I love their fried chicken and honey chicken platters, particularly with rice and peas and steamed sweet potatoes! Add on some oxtail gravy and a side of mac and cheese and you're set for at least 2 meals!Cowfoot Saturday! The flavors are so yummy with excellent portions. The price is also fair. They are pleasant. This is a take-out style restaurant that is relatively quick and consistently good.I just had Quality Taste cater my wedding and everyone LOVED the food (we had people from Jamaica, St. Vincent, and other Caribbean and African countries in attendance). We had curry goat, jerk chicken, and Rasta pasta. There wasn't anything that wasn't super tasty. Working with the restaurant to order the food was really straight forward. They made the process so easy and that's exactly what I needed as I planned the wedding and the day of. I would highly recommend whether you're grabbing food on the go or you need an event catered!Best fresh Jamaican food I've had in years , jerk chicken is off the grill the way it should be done not that baked in oven  stuff the rice and peas the veggies OMG SO GOODThe food is awesome! They gave us huge portions. Two medium plates will be good for 3 adults. The jerk chicken is exceptional, and the beef stew is delicious!Awesome food and huge portions. Ordered jerk chicken, rice&beans and cabbage. Food is seasoned very nice, not hot unless you ask for jerk sauce. Was able to eat off this patter next day and still get full. Restaurant is clean and although lines may be long sometimes, service is fast! Highly recommend!When they say quality taste, they are not lying. My stars.
The restaurant itself is small with minimal dine in space but who cares? I'd sit on a 2x4 and eat their food. It's delicious! In the evenings and on the weekends, there may be a bit of a line. When you get your order, you'll understand why.
The staff is very friendly. A lot of smiles and helpful tips. My faves here are the delicious oxtail and the white meat jerk chicken platter. The portion of oxtail is enough to share and they never mind giving me extra gravy on my rice. (You gotta have the extra gravy. That's the flavor!) I switch up between their cabbage and the sweet potatoes. The cabbage could stand to be a little more tender. That's just a personal preference. It's still delicious. The sweet potatoes are just right. Never too sweet. That jerk chicken though... incredible. Authentic, spicy, and delicious. 
Pro tip: do yourself a favor and go on a Friday or Saturday and get some jerk wings. 8 whole wings for $12. Amazing. You can also get a wing platter on those days. Give it a shot. You won't regret it!Surprise, surprise! Damn good Jamaican food. Went by late last night for some stew chicken, rice and cabbage and it was very tasty. The staff was nice and they have an assortment of platter sizes. I got a $6.00 mini and it was (as Mimi said) filling.The menu is extensive but not all items are available all the time. The interior is very clean and bright. I'm excited to add more to this review once I try more of the items.The best Jamaican food in Philadelphia! I got their stew chicken, rice and beans and steamed cabbage. Mmhmm good!customer service is bad. They are very rude and behave as if they are giving you free food. Was told that "if I don't return, a new customer is born everyday".Great food and so friendly!
Jerk chicken jubilation 
Awesome ackee 
Porridge perfection 
Meh on the stew peas
Curry chicken credsI usually stop by here when Im in the neighborhood and it has always been consistently good food no matter what I order. It's not the absolute best flavors of Jamaican food you're gonna have in your life, but it is always very good and fresh.I dine in this great spot often! This is my favorite place to pass a nice evening.  I go to this spot regularly. The food is of high quality, the staff is friendly and the payment is decent. I enjoy eating in this place to have a tasty lunch.This place is AWESOME!! I live in Olney and none of the Jamaican resturants in my area can touch Quality! Worth the trip every time! Portions and flavor on point!This review is for the out of town visitor looking for Jamaican food.  This place is definitely popular amongst the Philly crew!  There was a line out the door when i walked in.  The vibe is definitely Jamaican.  All the cooks and attendants gave off that yaadi vibe.  For atmosphere this place was legit. 
Now, the food.  This might be good for the Philly peeps but us visitors coming from NYC or LA or Chi, this would be aiight.  
I had the Brown Stew Chicken with Rice and Peas/Sweet Yams. The food was okay.  The rice and peas was okay - the rice did not have the nice brown look like you would have cooking the rice after you cook the peas.  So,  the rice was a little white than it should be.  Plus the texture was not as fluffy but more clumpy.  The chicken was good and the gravy was okay but not much flavor to make it distinct. I thought i would give the beef patty (or meat pie to you Americans) a looksie and was disappointed.  They get the patties from NYC but clearly not from one of the top distributors.  The crust is flaky and the beef not all that flavored.  Certainly passable but nothing to spend the extra cash on an appetizer.  I personally think a good Jamaican spot can be determine by the beef patties they carry.
You can check it out at your own choice. But take the ratings from the local perspective and manage your own expectations.  Plus, the other items could be awesome.  If you try it then post it and let the rest of us know.I am from MD and was in town visiting a Jamaican friend. He ordered oxtails and they were tough. I ordered salmon and it was like salmon jerky. The rice and beans weren't cooked in coconut juice. He was appalled and offended by the quality of the food. When he called to let the restaurant know about the subpar quality of the food, his concerns were dismissed. This taste was NOT QUALITY!!!Some of the best Jamaican food I've ever had! They don't skimp on the portions and their jerk chicken is so juicy and good.Big bang for you buck.
If you are looking for cheap, good, and fast food, this is the spot to go to.
All the people there will treat you like family and really load it up.
Lines sometimes can be long but it is worth the wait. 
PRO TIP: Pay with cash and they don't charge you tax.
a 10$ Jerk chicken Large can feed 2 people with some to spare for a midnight snack. This is the real deal Jamaican food, and they even have Oxtail for those who like that!Man, it's been a minute since I've had good Jamaican food and this place got me back on track. Centrally located, the restaurant is right on the corner with a can't-miss sign.
Price point is very reasonable and the flavor is there. My friend and I  ordered the jerk meal with rice and peas and  steamed cabbage. My friend ordered the Mac and cheese with her meal. The staff was very nice and the line, while long, moved quickly. 
We each ordered small plates and have enough for 2.5 meals. Highly recommend!Sunday brunch in the neighborhood has been a goal of mine, and I'm glad this was my first pick! Jerk chicken, curry goat, Jamaican patties, and a huge crowd that obviously loves this neighborhood spot. Mini, small and large platters all have a significant amount of food. Bone in chicken and goat is super flavorful and fresh, and you can see them replenishing everything in the back with fresh cooked food. Clean environment and packed, but surprisingly fast service! Had just enough time to settle on an option, debate the pros and cons, and switch last minute as i usually do. 
Definitely would recommend, and I'll be coming back to try as much as I can!The food was really good. The wait is pretty long at times because there are so many people ordering, line out the door. It's worth the wait but better to just order ahead of time. You might even be waiting then.Unfortunately, I didn't eat the food here, although it smelled amazing. I ordered over the phone. When I arrived, I noticed several staff in the visible kitchen not wearing masks. I let them know that I was canceling my order because of that. The reply from the staff person was simply "I'm sorry... I made it myself. It's okay."... which although was nice doesn't solve the very real issue of staff not following basic pandemic protocols. Please wear masks. I would love to safely try your food.I ordered a large Jerk chicken with 2 sides for $12. 
The employee was nice to me. I was surprised at  the portion size! The jerk chicken sauce was  delicious but some pieces of the chicken was dry I really enjoyed the rice it tasted authentic however, some of the rice that didn't have gravy on it was really dry. The cabbage was alright. I had better Caribbean food before but I'll be giving them another tryThe place was really cute and clean. The macaroni can't cheese was so cheesy and the jerk chicken had great flavor. I can't wait to go backGreat Jamaican cuisine and you better know what you want because there is ALWAYS a line out the door!So came here for a second visit Saturday to get some more jerk chicken and goat soup for my mom. So this time I called ahead of time. I ordered a small jerk chicken and large goat head soup. When I got there I saw on the sign that the goat head soup was Friday not Saturday. When I placed the order she never said that they didn't have goat head soup. So in my mind I'm thinking did she think I meant just a curry goat platter. So when we got there I asked her again was the soup goat head soup. She said yes. So I payed for everything and left. My mom was so happy. Now it's Sunday and she's warming up her soup and the taste is off and she starts to observe the soup more. She picks up a piece of food and there is shrimp and calamari in it. Now my mom is allergic to seafood. She starts complaining about her chest upsetting her so she runs quickly to grab some Benadryl. Now if someone asks you twice if you have something why would you lie?? What if something more serious happened? That is irresponsible on their part. The jerks was amazing as usual. We got a jerk patty and coco bread. Now I know what days they have to soup. Will I go again yes but they need to do better. Will my mom? Probably not. Do better. If you don't have something just say it. Don't lie.My wife and I ate here for the first time today and I must say that we were not disappointed!!! The food was excellent and the servers were very friendly!! We both ordered small plates and we still had left overs , this will be our stop every time that we visit Philly!!!!!!!!I placed an order with them on Door Dash and they cancelled my order without calling me and informing me why my order couldn't be delivered... A courtesy call would have been more professional than just not answering the phone. I've been in the store once before and the service was slow and quite unprofessional. I would rather drive down to North Philly to get some better Jamaican cuisine from Caribbean Feast on Rising Sun Avenue.OMG!!! I live in NY so I've had plenty of Caribbean foods but this place is by far the best. I came to Philly to visit a relative and as I was searching places to eat, this gem popped up. I ordered bbq jerk wings and my cousin had jerk chicken. We both ordered rice n peas, cabbage with a side of  mac. Everything was great. The jerk chicken had an amazing smoky flavor and not too much spice. The meat on the BBQ Jerk Wings were falling off the bone AND it was spicy. The Mac n cheese tho topped it off. Words won't do it justice but know it was AMAZING!! Whenever I come back to Philly this will be my go to.The jerk is very good but the service is horrible and they're very rude. I found hair in my food once and got food poisoning twice! I can't afford to give them any more chances health wise. I just really enjoyed the grilled tast on the jerk. Make sure you pay attention to your platter before they wrap it up as they tend to forget what you ask for and walk away while you're still talking. I'll be sticking to Jamaican D's and Ron'sWe got this catered at my job for a meeting, and it was phenomenal. We got jerk chicken, curry goat, cabbage, rice and beans, macaroni and cheese, and ox tails. I ate everything but the ox tails, and I was surprised on how much flavor everything had. The jerk sauce was powerful, the chicken was perfectly cooked, and the macaroni and cheese rivaled my mom's! For the price, I would highly recommend giving this place a shot for dinner.