Chicken grilled burrito. Not good. Quite possibly the worst burrito I've ever had. It was only shredded chicken and rice with a ton of cheese. No beans or anything else. Chicken rice and cheese. That is not a burrito! And it was $10.
Two stars for the horchata. It was yummy but $5 for a horchata is ridiculous. 
Never coming back here.Got the surf and turf sampler; Mar y tiera. Was really good, came out like a fajita plate with lettuce tomatoes rice and beans and tortillas.
Had shrimps and bacon and chicken and beef. Was very filling.
Really enjoyed the food and will eat here againI just recently discovered this great little Mexican byob. Sure, Dos Segundos or El Camino are fine choices if you're in the area and you want margaritas & a trendy atmosphere, but sometimes you just want no-frills Mexican food. Up a little farther on 2nd street, past the Northern Liberties crowds lies Que Chula Es Puebla. 
I've dined in twice (but they also deliver!).  The chorizo tacos are so good that I got them both times. If you're a gringo, your server might assume you want your tacos 'with everything' which means lettuce/tomatoes/cheese/crema.  If you want them Mexican style with just onion & cilantro, be sure to specify. I sampled my bf's chicken tacos.  The chicken was really tender and juicy (unlike some chicken tacos I've had...I'm looking at you Taqueria Veracruzana). The complimentary (seemingly homemade, perfectly crunchy) chips are topped with refried beans and sprinkled with Oaxaca cheese.  The red salsa is smokey and spicy.  The green salsa is less spicy and a bit too salty for my liking.  The guacamole is fresh and flavorful, but it's very chunky.  I prefer a smoother, more blended guac without big chunks of onions. For vegetarians, there are no meat substitutes such as seitan or soy 'meat', but there are several options that feature actual vegetables (veggie burritos, chimichanga, quesadellia). 
Each time that I've eaten here, I've left totally stuffed full of food for about $10 per person.I drive across town to eat here.  I just keep having great experiences when I go.  All the Chimis as well as the quesadillas are excellent.  Prices are dirt cheap.My daughter attends dance class a block away so I decided to go in and grab something to eat while I wait. I am so glad I did. The food is so fresh and flavorful. I ordered carnitas taco which were "delicioso"!! The do give complimentary chips and salsa which was such as fresh as my meal. The server was friendly and attentive. I will definitely be back. Also it is a BYOB so even better!I was recommended by a few people to go to this  great place. First sight of it isn't very comfortable but the staff is extremely helpful and sweet and the food was seriously so good. I had the veggie burrito, and it was full of delicious, fresh veggies and it was a pretty big burrito so I was happy to enjoy the left overs.  I was told to try the Flan so when I went back the second time I did and.. wow.. it is definitely amazing. I am now a frequent visitor with a bonus of working 5 minutes away!Ordered delivery.  Solid steak burrito and excellent shredded pork quesadillas.  Came with two great homemade salsas. Has more of an authentic Mexican feel than an Americanized one.I've only been here about 2 times, on my way home from from work picking up dinner. Both times I've ordered the steak nachos supreme and have never been disappointed. Good prices, reasonable speed, and I didn't even mention the horchata is amazing. I only give 4 because I have yet to eat there and really see how the service is.This is authentic northeast American Mexican food, which is good and influenced by Puerto Rico. I was hoping for the taste of the taste of Mexican food made in Southern California. If i lived closer i would eat here more often.After great reviews I expected the best... The food was OK not great and the service was fair. They were busy with take out and the food came slowly. Better places in South Philly!I read all the delivery reviews and was so worried! I ordered delivery on a saturday afternoon around 2-4pm and it came within the hour. I live about a half mile away. 
I always get vegetarian burritos and the guacmole, which comes in this HUGE dish. don't get those two things together unless you're with another person or feeling like hurting your body--it's a lot of guac. 
when you eat in they give you mini nachos with refried beans and queso blanco and yummy salsas. overall: great.This is somewhat of a hidden gem in the Fishtown / Kensington area.  Really good authentic Mexican food. Great tacos and other traditional items.  Bonus points for the BYOB option. 
The restaurant is located in somewhat of a no mans land and I would be careful walking around here at night.  
The only problem I ever had with this place is the delivery. One time it took over 2 hours to get my food as the driver screwed up several times.  After that I generally opted to pick it up instead.the food was GREAT!  Delivery was fast, and the food was terrific.  It was the first time I ordered food from here, but it won't be the last!  Delicious!Just ordered a pastor burrito and ground beef nachos. The burrito was basically a bunch of rice wrapped in a tortilla and the nachos mostly plain chips with no toppings. Just wasted $30 on the least satisfying food I've ever had. I will never order from this place again.Great local place for solid and authentic Mexican. The amazing flan is worth the trip alone.I don't consider myself an expert with Mexican food but this place seems as good as they come. I ordered the Shrimp Burrito from there and thought everything was excellent. This is the most authentic Mexican food I've eaten in Philadelphia. The last time I had anything like this was in Southern Cali at a roadside taco stand.Came on a random Philly day trip since the weather was so nice. The place was empty and the staff gave our party of 2 a friendly welcome. The decor is cute and colorful with notable Mexican symbols all over. Of course the TV was on boxing, pre-fight night (Canelo was robbed!) 
Our server was casual yet helpful and we ordered a single shrimp taco, a chicken tamale with green sauce and split the horchata. The complimentary chips and sauces were a good portion and fresh. The regular size of the drink is pretty big so I can't imagine the large for 1 person. Either way, it was the best horchata I've ever had. Ever. 
The food was really good especially the shrimp. Everything came out to about $10 which was great for just fueling our day of walking restaurant to restaurant. I really want to return for the mole and seafood options.Awesome!  I thought I was in California until I looked outside and realized it was Philly.  If you are looking for authentic. flavor-bursting Mexican food, then this is the place.  Right in Fishtown, and moments from Northern Liberties this place "Que Chula Es Puebla" delivers.  
I ordered the Chicken Enchilada Platter but asked if they could put Mole` sauce instead of the usual Verde and it was not a problem.  It comes with a small salad, refried beans, and rice.  I also asked if they had Horchata and to my surprise they do...so of course I asked for a LARGE...which was on point!  In fact all of it was wonderful.
My wife ordered the Grilled Veggie Burrito and loved it...she actually passed out in the on the way home and then knocked out again once there for 3 more hours.  We left fat and happy!  Why the hell did we wait so long to try this fantastic spot in the neighborhood???  Not sure but I do know it won't be long before we go back.Omg.
Omg, did we find it? A Mexican dive that's better-than-mediocre?
I THINK WE DID. Here's why:
1. Green salsa is THICK, not watery.
2. Complimentary chips come with beans/cheese on them.
3. Shredded chicken tacos had excellent flavor. 
4. Torta was ridic in size.
5. No one felt ill after.
Definitely coming here again with a huge group and many beers.Very friendly staff. We got the carnitas and roasted pork tacos - "traditional" style with just onions and cilantro. The roasted pork was especially delicious with pineapple pieces. And they have Mexican coffee!Favorite taco spot in Philadelphia. Authentic.Great food, good prices, BYOB, been here a few times, the service and the quality of the food is consistently good. Awesome place. Highly recommend itGood, cheap, fast, and they deliver!  Fish tacos and chicken burritos are my faves.  What's not to like?!I noticed this place while riding my bike down Master Street one day during my lunch break.  I recently moved from San Francisco and was looking for a decent no-nonsense taqueria where I could grab a quick burrito or some tacos.
A couple of days later, I went here for lunch.  I was hoping for an order-at-the-counter situation, but I was seated and given a menu.  I was also given a little bowl of thick, crunchy chips with refried beans and fresh cheese sprinkled on top and two little cups of red and green salsa.  Into it.  I ordered a tostada with shredded beef.  It took a little while, but it was excellent.  I grabbed a menu on my way out.
I've ordered delivery from this place half a dozen times since then.  I think the delivery is faster than the table service.  As far as the meats go, I've only tried the shredded beef, chicken, and carnitas.  Stay away from the carnitas.  Bad times.  Everything else I've had has been solid.
A brief note about the nachos.  While delicious, they do come with some kind of cheese sauce instead of real cheese.  Kind of par for the course in Philly, I guess.  I only mention it because I wasn't expecting it, but hopped on board pretty quickly.
The bottom line: cheap, they deliver, and it gets the job done without winning any culinary awards.I would have given this restaurant 4 stars if it was only based on their food. I ordered on Grub Hub from them last night. I read the food was good, but they always screwed up the orders. I kept it simple and hoped all would be ok
The food was good and fresh. I thought the menu had a lot of items
I was missing an item on my order- bean dip and nachos. I called the restaurant right after the driver left. A woman said he would be right back. 45 minutes later I called again because still no dip. Another woman answered and said it would be over.  I waited 30 minutes more and nothing. Finally called grub hub to get credit for itemSO good! I love Mexican food and this is, by far, the best I have had in the Philadelphia area. Not to mention the cost is low for the high quality. They do not deliver to my area but I have no problem driving to pick up food from there on any day.It's slim pickins if you're looking to grab a burrito in Fishtown.  
Sure, you could go to Dos Segundos or El Camino Real in Northern Liberties - but what if you want something more authentic? Or better yet - what if you want delivery?
Cheap, better than average, authentic Mexican food gets four stars from me.
Tip: Dress warmly if you are dining in the restaurant this winter, I wish they would crank the heat a bit more.I've had my share of Mexican food, from all over California to Mexico. This is hands down the best Mexican Food that I have found in philly. Eat here.Delicious! All of the staples you expect but done really really well, Their verde sauce is great *I had it on the Huevos Rancheros), though the red is also wonderfully spicy. Note: The Mexican coffee is really really good (it happens to be included if you order a breakfast, by the way!)
They have fresh juices, which is a big plus for us. The portions are way big, prices are just right,  and the service was very pleasant. We'll be back soon!I drive by this place all the time on my way to work and there is a big sign indicating they serve breakfast.  Finally, one morning, I had enough leisure time to stop and try Que Chula Es Puebla out.  In spite of the fact that they serve breakfast I got the impression that they don't really expect to serve too many dine in customers in the late morning because as I walked in my ears were assailed by uncomfortably loud salsa music, clearly for the benefit of the kitchen staff.  Since it was so loud nobody heard the door ding and I entered unnoticed, found a table and sat down.  After a few minutes someone noticed me and got the radio turned off.  Then she came over to greet me and take my order.
She asked if I wanted coffee.  Of course I wanted coffee.  Then she offered me a choice between regular coffee or Mexican coffee.  When in Rome...I asked for the Mexican coffee.  YUM!.  Sweet and cinnamony and tasty all around.  I made my food order a little more gringolike and asked for a vegetable omelet which was described on the menu as red and green peppers, mushrooms, onions, brocoli and cheese.  I asked for mine not to have any onions or brocoli.  My omelet arrived as specified and was a darn tasty egg concoction at that.  My one concern was that there was an abundance of zucchini in there.  I don't know about you but if I was the chef, preparing an omelet where the diner had specified the omission of a component I would not go adding different components that weren't in the original description.  I thought about pointing this out but opted instead to just enjoy my tasty breakfast.
I would go back and I would definitely return at dinner time because I can tell that the food will be good.Authentic Mexican food dirt cheap. I love this place. It's not Tex Mex or Americanized Mexican food. It's legit Mexican. I'm usually the only white person in the place when I come in and the staff only sort-of speaks English. That's how you know it's good. Everything here is amazing. Chicken burrito? Salted beef? Homemade chips and salsa? Holy hell I love it. It's SUPER casual and there isn't anything fancy about it, but the food is EXCELLENT. Eat here. You will love it.First time there. Had the chimichanga and fish tacos... Both were really good. I would've liked more sauce on top of my chimichanga but if you like it dry you will love this entree. Got the shredded steak chimichanga... The steak was absolutely amazing! Fish tacos were light and delish..A lot of people are hype about this place but I've been several times and it's always over seasoned or under seasoned. Steak is usually over seasoned. Never think twice about it when I pass it.I've lived in Mexico City and Texas and this is the only spot around where the tortas are on par.
These delightful sandwiches are amazing.
The Torta Milanesa de Res is a 5 star experience.
*edited from 4 stars because I just ordered one again the other night and it was SO GOOD! These tortas keep getting better and better.Great spot, delicious homemade food.  Best Mexican in the city so far.  The jalapeño tamales are amazingI've always liked coming here for the tasty tacos. It recently changed ownership, and the pastor tacos were off the hook! Service was great, and the interior seems to have gotten a face lift.Stopped by Que Chula Es Puebla on Saturday night for take-out. The owner was friendly and asked how we wanted the tacos prepared (onions, lettuce, tomatoes, crema). The food took a while even though the restaurant was empty. Or maybe I was just impatient. We ordered rice and beans, bean dip with tortillas, chicken tacos and a chiorizo chimichanga. 
Once home, I opened the bags to find that the tacos were missing from the order. No big deal, it happens. But here's the thing: They deliver, which is great. They should have offered to deliver the tacos that were left out of the order. They didn't. (I don't live that far from the restaurant). They also didn't refund me for the tacos, although I guess I didn't really expect them to.
The salsas were excellent -- careful of the red one: it's sweetly smoky at first and then it turns into mouth fire. The chimichanga was overwhelming. So much chiorizo and cheese, in a deep-fried flour tortilla. I could only eat about a quarter of it. It was served with some iceberg lettuce and a slice of tomato and avacado.  The "bean dip" was pureed pinto beans with a smattering of cheese. Tasty and uncomplicated. The rice and beans were rice with the "bean dip." I didn't try the shredded chicken tacos, but my bf says that on a scale of 1-10, with 10 being the best tacos ever, they were a 7.5 -- very good, not great.
I really wanted to give this place 5 stars, but the experience itself wasn't awesome. There was a lot to choose from on the menu and I'll definitely be back to check out more.Definitely authentic Mexican cuisine!! We ordered fish tacos and a beef chimichanga, and both were absolutely delicious and seasoned to perfection!!!! The chips and variety of dips provided when we sat down were also great!! Great food, music was a little too loud but other than that will definitely be back!! Looking forward to trying the guacamole next time!this place is great, and sure beats driving to washington street for a mexican fix.  friendly service. good parking.  i wish they had later hours though.  going to try the delivery tonight.  if you're looking for a mind blowing food experience, you won't find it here. just a decent meal.This place is located near the fishtown/ northern liberties area.. This place is one of the few authentic Mexican places in the area! Def good spot for authentic food .In my neighborhood, there are not many decent delivery options. I looked on Yelp and found this spot. The reviews were pretty good so I thought I'd give it a go! I was pleasantly surprised and super happy I found my new go-to Mexican place. The food was incredible! I ordered the enchiladas in red sauce with chips and pico di gallo. Absolutely delicious and can't get much fresher. I'm super excited to reorder from here again!I really like this place. The food is authentic and fresh. Service is quick and attentive. I have only ever either dined in or picked up food so I can't speak for the delivery service. The flan here is the best I've ever had. Portions are big. This is my go-to Mexican joint.Real authentic Mexican. I loved the salsa and tacos, great carnitas, and some interesting offerings, like pumpkin flower quesadillas. I also love that the owner's mom sends the mole direct from Puebla . I thought the interior was charming and the service very good. Can't wait to go back.$18 for a burrito and quac+chips. Burrito and salsa were super bland and had BARELY any steak and guac was average. MehI ordered delivery from Que Chula Es Puebla. It was OK but I probably wouldn't order from them again. The El Pastor tacos were pretty good and of the Mexican style with radishes and cilantro. The nachos however were not good. They tasted like something you'd buy at the concession stand at a sporting event instead of from an authentic Mexican restaurant. They used cheese whiz instead of melting Mexican cheese. There are plenty of other Mexican restaurants in northern liberties and fish town that are much better (e.g. Loco Pez and Jose Pistolas).I've been here dozens of times and it's some of the best, authentic, affordable Mexican I've had on the East Coast. As a vegetarian, I can vouch for the yummy taco salad, the terrific bean burrito, the delicious flautas and the great guac. Anything that includes roasted veggies (quesadilla, torta) is VERY vegetable-y with huge, thick pieces of eggplant, mushroom, and peppers that sometimes overwhelm the dish. Some dishes are also realllly cheesy. We are talking heart attack cheese levels. My husband, who is basically made of cheese, even gets whipped by these cheese monsters and will leave a pile on the plate at times. 
But you should eat here for no other reason than the holy mother if salsas, their green salsa. I want to roll around in a vat of it, basically.My fiancee is in love with this place - he loves their tacos and that it is super cheap. I'm not a huge fan of Mexican food, so for me it was just meh. That being said, though, the service was fantastic, and the food was super quick in arriving. Also, their guacamole was delicious and tasted very fresh.The food was amazing, so authentic.  Get the Guacamole dip, it's not a dip it's guacamole with what must be house made tortillas ($5).  I give it 5 stars because the food was awesome and fairly cheap.I had no idea there was Mexican delivery in the area until my neighbor gave me a menu.  
I ordered the chicken enchiladas with salsa verde.  
The little girl who took the order couldn't have been sweeter. Delivery took 45 minutes. The food was hot, fresh, perfectly spicy and delicious.  
What else can you ask for?Great grilled steak tacos. The tortillas were hot and fresh, salsa verde was on point. Steak, onion and tons of cilantro and cactus..Just the way I like it! The quesadilla de carnitas was on point as well. Everything was authentic.I like it, I really do. Tortas and tacos (but no tequila, so they're missing the third T of Mexican food).* My server each time has been super sweet and quick with the water refills. You get free chips and salsa when you eat in, and the green salsa rocks my world. The food is solid but somehow not entirely mouth-watering. Even the torta al pastor (which is also messy beyond belief. My fingers were covered in red afterward). The tacos are good but lacking a little zip. They'll give you extra cilantro if you ask, but I ended up dumping the afore-mentioned green sauce on them since the meat was a little on the dry side. Overall, pleasant but not outstanding. I enjoyed the decor, since it was simple but had random Mexican adornments like serapes and langostas (see accompanying photo). How cute is that little guy? My only regret is that I have not yet tried the flan that LaBan found so earth-shatteringly delicious.
* I made that up, sorry. I then googled "three T's" just to make sure they didn't already exist. They don't.CHORIZO EVERYTHING. Most Mexican places don't have a lot of Chorizo items, but these guys will put Chorizo in just about anything on the menu. Delivery can be a bit dicey at times, but they have never made anything that wasn't delicious in my experience.Some of the best Mexican food in the city... And the Torta Milanese is to kill for!!!Awesome Mexican foo burritos are delicious !!! Really nice place to bring your friends and family!!!I've gotten chicken burritos to-go from here twice now.  Because the week after I got the first one, I got a craving for another.  Both times it was just a good, refried beans, shredded chicken, and rice burrito, and they aren't shy about throwing cheese and sour cream on top. It's not lonely in that styrofoam container either: there's some shredded iceberg, tomatoes, avocado, and two little salsas for good measure.  I love that it's so close to my house that i can walk there, and one of these days I will bring friends and tecates.  It's very welcoming inside.  It's nothing fancy, but it's a much needed a break from the pricier and crowded contempo-mexican of Dos Segundos and Camino Real.my coworkers and i order a lunch feast from this place at least once a week.  it's always fantastic though the amount of onion used in the guacamole is not at all conducive to carrying on in a customer service-based job after our lunch break.  the chile rellenos are fantastic.  i'm docking one star for cheese whiz on the nachos, but everything else we've had is amazing.  get extra green salsa :)This is the most authentic Mexican place that I've found so far in Philadelphia. Amazing!Very authentic Mexican, most places similar in the city are very small but a Chula has plenty of seats (even though on the outside looks small). 
Great service.
The serving size aren't as big as some authentic Mexican places in the city but to me the plates were perfect, no left overs and I didn't feel like I was in food coma for the rest of the work day!This is probably my favorite Mexican restaurant. It is very authentic and consistent. Although their service can improve by attending more to their tables, they have really good food that it doesn't get in the way of me giving them a 5 starsI love this place so much. The food is consistently awesome and the people working there are always lovely. If you are a mole fan, you have to try the mole poblano. It's stellar. 
Also it's BYOB.It's OK.  I mean, is there another delivery option to Fishtown that I don't know about?  If so, please enlighten me.   The tacos, burritos and quesadillas are average.  The taco salad is good.  They have a nice salsa Verde.  Don't ever get any steak dishes, it's inedible meat.  Why doesn't Taco Riendo deliver????Yum, I recommend the tortilla chips, the tamales and the chicken enchiladas with green sauce.Note:  This is not a review on their food but rather their delivery.
I wish I had a chance to try the food, but I never received it. I ordered at 7pm and they informed me it would take 30-45 minutes. A little after 8 I called to check in, and I was told the order was on its way. About 40 minutes later I called again, and I was told that he already delivered the order. I was then called back 5 minutes later and was then told that they had "knocked on my door" and had called, but I never opened the door nor never picked up my phone, which is completely false. They then apologized and then offered that they could wrap it to go if I picked it up (2 hours late). I obviously declined. Nothing was offered.
I'm not usually a stickler for great service and never even write reviews complaining, but this is just downright sad. They don't know how to run a respectable business.Lol at the guy who said don't walk here at night.... Good Mexican food, very cheap, insane quantities, and Mexican reality tv on full blast. Not gourmet by any means, but that's not the point.Friendly service. Awesomely amazing veggie burrito. No, seriously--it's the best ever. there's a reason i order the same thing every time i go...and it's because i don't think anything else on the menu could compare. i have been told on good authority that the meat-based burritos are super good-o, as well. love love love this place.This is from an experience at this restaurant a few months ago. One of the worst delivery experiences I have ever had. Ordered 3 burritos and guac for delivery at 8pm on a weekend night. We were told 40 minutes when we ordered. I called back at 1 hour and 2 hours and was told the order was on the way both times. I live in 10 blocks away. The last time I called I was told to be more patient because someone else had waited for three hours before me. I told them I didn't want the food anymore because I wanted to go to bed.
I was also cursed at by the person from the restaurant on the phone.
It's a shame because they have great Mexican food, but haven't quite figured out efficient delivery service yet. Also inexcusable imo to curse at a customer no matter what.YUM!  I must say Mexican delivery is where it's at! I wish this place was open seven days a week because it seems like I am always craving it on Monday when they are closed.I've only had the fish burrito, shrimp burrito, and guacamole, but they've all been delicious. I've gotten delivery a number of times and it's always hot and tasty. I also love the mini accoutrements with which they come. QCEP burritos rival only those from Pura Vida and Loco Pez, my other favorite Mexican places.Que chula apparently means How Cute is Puebla,
Well, I have no idea how cute it is, because I always order delivery! 
I typically get chicken tacos and a side of pico de gallo, which is always super fresh. The chicken is braised in something reddish and a little spicy. The pico is pretty standard, and they are very generous with the cilantro. 
I've tried a lot of their food: the tortas (sandwiches) are HUGE. I love the hawaiian one.
I also love the taco salad, which has, what I consider to be a more tex mex feel to it.
The delivery usually take about 30 minutes, and its always the same dude on a bike. Sometimes they don't have delivery if the weather is horrible, then again, you are a terrible person for trying.Continuing on my Mexican food pilgrimage, I came to Que Chula Es Puebla in search for something different. Don't get me wrong, I am a fan of the taco, the burrito, and whatever the usual is for the typical American palate. But on this day, there was no time for the "usual". It pains me to see others stick with their chicken tacos and claim their love for Mexican food. No bueno, stop that nonsense. STOP IT RIGHT NOW.
Anyways, after I decided to do some exploring, I ordered their Que Chula Es Puebla especial platter. Let me explain what we're working with here. You get shrimp, rice, beans, avocado, and a small enchilada. Seems kind of normal, right? 
BUT WAIT, what? What is this? In addition to the mentioned items, you also get cecina, which is air-dried beef. You also have grilled cebollitas (spring onions) and nopales (cactus). Okay, now we're talking!
Obviously I've already eaten the entire platter, and now I can share some thoughts. Can I tell you how much I loved the cebollitas and nopales? This is how good they are-- I never considered being a vegetarian my whole life because I cannot live without eating meat. 
But after my encounter with these onions and  the cactus, I don't know if that idea still holds. Well then again, I really can't eat without a meat protein. But, you know, those onions were amazing. AH, I don't know! See how crazy they made me feel? I'm so confused now because how good they were. 
Anyways, if you ever go here yourself, ask for the nopales and the cebollitas. You can thank me later.
TL;DR
I went to get Mexican food
I got a platter
It had grilled onions and cactus
My life has changedWhen I moved from California to South Philly, I was happy that I could still get decent Mexican food from several places in the area, and the fact that most of them specialized in Puebla style Mexican food was a plus because it is my favorite regional Mexican food. Then I moved to Northern Liberties and I thought for sure my days of authentic Mexican fare were in the past, which led a single lonely tear to drip slowly down my cheek. Luckily the neighborhood made up for it in lovely cafes, delis and gastropubs.
Then, one day at work when I was absolutely famished, I found a menu for Que Chula Es Puebla. It was like a light shone on the menu from heaven and beckoned me to call. My coworkers all order from this place on a regular basis, and I was not disappointed to find they had all my favorite dishes there. 
The tacos are served either "traditional style" - cilantro/onions on a corn tortilla - or "with everything" or what I call gringo style - that has lettuce, tomatoes, sour cream and on a flour tortilla. I usually go with al pastor, but they have steak, shredded beef, carnitas, chicken, chorizo, and more. 
Even the tortas are served in authentic style with a wide and long buttery soft roll, crispy on the outside, with fresh avocados, lettuce, jalapenos, and cheese. My favorite is milanesa de res (breaded steak) or milanesa de pollo (breaded chicken). 
The sopes are also amazing here, the thick corn masa smothered with your choice of meat and covered with lettuce, tomatoes, onions, sour cream, and cheese.
I have yet to delve into the platters but will get to that someday!I went to Que Chula for a Sunday lunch with a big group of 7. The restaurant was virtually empty, so we didn't have a problem getting a few tables. 
They start you off with an absolutely DELICIOUS plate of nachos with refried beans and crumbly cheese. The chips are almost more like pita chips than tortilla, which gives them an awesome, solid crunch to handle the beans.
Most of my party ordered burritos (beef and chicken). They were quite big and I couldn't even finish mine (maybe because I ate too many nachos??), but everyone enjoyed them. They were difficult to cut so I ended up just spreading them out on my plate so I could add in the lettuce that came on the side. My brother-in-law got the nacho entree and he also couldn't finish those!
All around a great meal, affordable prices, and generally good service (plus splitting the check three ways!).After eating at Mole Poblano (which is an amazing authentic Mexican restaurant), I was somewhat hesitant about this place. However, after the complimentary chips and dip, I knew it was going to be good. 
Starting with the chips, they were amazing fresh crispy and smothered in bean sauce. The red and green salsas they were served with were spicy and fresh, and I couldn't get enough. We also ordered guac for the table which was some of the best I've had.
Now for entree, I ordered the chicken enchiladas with mole sauce. It was AMAZING! I usually hate shredded chicken but they made the enchiladas extremely well. The mole sauce was super flavorful and the beans were a great consistency.
This is a great hole in the wall restaurant that anyone interested in well priced (~$11/entree) authentic Mexican food should try!When I have my kids i tend to order out. I have ordered from here in the past and the Borritos and traditional tacos are off the hook. It is funny when your order in spanish then when you speak spanish to the delivery guy he is Arabic and does not understand spanish. lol 
Order when your home great placeThis is my favorite Mexican place in the city, hands down. I wouldn't advise eating-in even though it's a BYO since the atmosphere is kind of pizza-shoppy and the neighborhood isn't the greatest to look at, but I've done it and it's been fine. We normally order take-out from this place and that suits our needs pretty well. The taco shell tacos with ground beef are the best things I've ever tasted. I will warn you, though, we've had our order messed up more than once. Once when we ate-in and once when a guy delivered on a bike. Speak clearly and make sure they know what you're asking for, and always check your order before you leave. Even with those issues, this place is still my fav. Super yum!Not super fast, and not super cozy, but great great food.  We like to order take out.
Meals are under $10, and I'd recommend anything but the chalupas (kind of disappointing) or the quesadillas (real basic cheese/meat - kind of too plain).  
Chimichangas, tacos, enchiladas - all great.I LOVE this place. the food is a bit on the pricey side compared to the "neighborhood" Mexican food I usually get and most of it tastes the same but some things are definitely superior to my hood staples.
Their grilled burritos are to die for... As is the nacho supreme! 
just about all of their listed menu prices everywhere I've seen them are wrong so your order will be more than you expect.... So be prepared for that if the order taker doesn't give you your price on the phone ;)I absolutely love this place! I have been countless times, for both take-out and dine-in, and have never been disappointed. The service is also great! The guacamole is incredible--I have never been to a restaurant that serves MORE guac than chips--they sure don't skimp out. My two favorite entrees are the pastor quesadilla and the taco salad, both are to die for.Very friendly staff.  I have had several things here and have never left disappointed. My favorite so far has been the grilled shrimp burrito.Wow. Used to live in Mexico and Puebla has the best food in the country! This place shows it. It's really good! Consistent too. It's my Mexican go to. It's nice to have good Mexican food so far north!