Great food. Favs Tacos, tacos, tacos. Order the churros too.
Service not so much.Quick, delicious, affordable Mexican fare with a few unusual dishes like Mexican fried rice.This place is seriously awesome. I came here this past Sunday with a party of 20+ for a friend's going away get together, and for time and simplicity's sake, we all ordered separately at the counter. They were totally fine with accommodating all of us (we pretty much took up the entire restaurant), the service was quick, and the food was SO YUMMY. The complementary chips and salsa were clearly homemade and crunchy unlike any I've had before. I ordered the tilapia and spicy pork tacos (~$7.00 each) and picked at my friends' chicken nachos (~$10.00) and quesadillas. The portions are large and EVERYTHING is delicious. I was a little wary about the corn tortillas (I usually prefer flour), but they were soft and warm and not the least bit gritty. I also got a free drink for checking in on yelp! Definitely will be back to this hidden gem!Stopped in for dinner on a rainy Saturday night. They were doing a brisk take-out business!
A few other tables were occupied.
Attentive service, a small but tasty basket of chips with 2 salsas--I like the green best--and great veggie enchilada. I like that there is roasted corn in this. The side of black beans had a slightly smoky taste that was really nice.
I would definitely recommend this place!Quetzally is a bit off the beaten path, just a few blocks away from South Street, in a fairly residential area. Doesn't look like much from the outside, but I think is a gem in Philly. Delicious and inexpensive Mexican food with fast service and really delicious food. There's also really lovely Latino music playing too.
My friend and I had the chips and guacamole to share, which was $6.50 I believe. It was an enormous portion though with lots of fresh beautifully green guac. The table does come with some chips and salsa though, so if you would just like some chips to satisfy your craving, you don't need to order an appetizer if you don't want. The tortilla chips were thicker than usual, but very fresh tasting and great scoopers for the guac. Loved it.
I had the Mexican veggies fried rice. Lots of veggies mixed into the fried rice, including some extra hot jalapeño peppers, with a sunny side up egg on top. Again, a HUGE portion and the dish was $6. So delicious and flavorful. 
Overall, would highly recommend if you're in this part of Philly. Lots of choices for Mexican food and happy wallets for inexpensive prices.Lived next to this place for 6 months. Perfect go to mexican place. Not too expensive, and delicious.We've lived within 2 blocks for a year and I've walked by and wanted to try.  My wife was out of town so I thought that it was a good chance to see if she would like it.   I walked to pick up my dinner, ordered, and was told that there was a $15 minimum for credit.   As just 1 person I didn't want more food that I would waste.   I would have even paid a fee for using my credit card but that wasn't an option.   So I had no choice but to walk out.  Very disappointing.   I will never be back, so you've not only lost tonight's sale but also any future time that I or anything that I know are in the mood for Mexican.   I could have gotten by the rude staff if the food was good but will never know now.   And I see from the other comments that this is not an isolated incident.    Well, there are so many other good restaurants around that I'm not really felling like I'm missing out.   The really funny thing, I think that you can order less than $15 if you use an online ordering, how does that make sense?   Dumb policy guys.I fall in love with this place at first sight. 
The food was good, the service great, and even the bathroom was wonderful. 
This small restaurant feels very authentic and make you think as if you are in Mexico. 
They are not to eager to provide the free item listed on the Yelp coupon plus no credit or debit payment, which is why they get 2 instead of 5 stars.My fiance and i just tried this place and would definitely order from here again.The pablana soup is amazing! It was creamy with a kick. Sooo delicious. The spicy pork and shrimp burrito was also tasty. Their food is always fresh and good sized portions. I'm a fan!This is high quality Mexican food.  They have a great variety.  I always order delivery and the chips are delicious, not soggy.  Its definitely not a 5 star restaurant but the shit is good so they deserve 5 Yelp stars!!They are so rude in this place the lady is sitting on her phone moody every time I ask for anything I will not be returning here I don't spend my hard earned money for bad service. The food is ok.Quaint lil shop with BANGING yum yums!!! Delicious nachos that stay crispy from start to finish even though they are covered in toppings! What more could one ask for? Nothing makes me happier than a great plate of nachos :) they can easily be shared as an appetizer between 4 people or as a meal for one hungry soul!
Also had the veggie tacos and my friend had the steak burrito, easily as delicious as the nachos! This is my new go to Mexican joint!great Mexican food, especially for philly where that's somewhat difficult to come by. We had late hungover cure lunch here, and shrimp quesadilla (pictured above in all its glory) along with a poblano soup (reminiscent of sopa de tortilla just with extra veggie) did the trick. Unfortunately they don't serve coffee though and I guess since the space is tiny, the smells from the kitchen linger on your sweater for a while after.Went to Quetzally a few months ago with my roommate and her mom - all excited to try a new option for Mexican food in South Philly.  We quickly found street parking and were the only customers in the restaurant.  The chef/server was very friendly and the food was delicious.  There was a bit of a language barrier - we thought we ordered 2 tacos each, but somehow ended up with 6 each, plus the sides we'd gotten.  As I recall, the confusion had to do with the tacos that come on the side with an order of soup vs. a separate order of tacos.  Our server was very apologetic when he realized there had been a miscommunication, and we decided to take the extra food home to eat later.  Everything tasted very good:  tacos (barbacoa, fish, chicken tinga, pork, steak), soups, and chips and guacamole.  No complaints, but other local Mexican restaurants offer more memorable food for the same price or less.I really can't say enough about this place.  They've had really consistently good food for a while now.  but this last week really put them into overdrive.   That is when I had their newest salsa creation.  I always felt their salsa was a bit lacking before.  Not anymore.  Their Pico de gallo style salsa I had with their chips were out of this world.
It brought me straight back to So Cal and all the great salsas they have there.  Just plain authentic slap your boots silly goodness.  They are my official mexican food place in philly now.  No doubt or contest.  Five stars and they deserve every single one.  
I read a lot of crap yelp reviews.  Most people just plain don't know what they're talking about.  But trust me, try their salsa and chips.God bless you Quetzally.
We were living in Center City stuck with atrocious excuses for Mexican food like El Rey or Jose Pistolas (decent nachos) after four years in glorious California. Now we've finally found our Philly burrito spot.
Jorge (the owner or the chef? not sure) had al pastor as his may special and I got a huge burrito the other day. I prefer dry burritos I can eat with my hands, but this monster had this avocado sauce with pico de gallo on top and it was delicious.
The green salsa that comes with the chips is spicy and awesome with bits of guacamole.
Can't WAIT to try everything on the menu, and whatever specials Jorge has going each month. This is real, authentic Mexican.Truly fantastic and authentic Mexican food, the best I've found in walking distance to my office (1315 Walnut St.). It may seem like it's slightly off the beaten path, but it's just 2 blocks from South St and is worth the walk!This place is the best!!  Found it randomly while finding street parking.  It is tiny inside but not cramped.  The staff is always so kind and the food is amazing!  I usually get the special that gets you a taco, a chalupa, and a tostada with your choice of meat.  I always have a hard time finishing it especially when we get the three cheese nachos.  They're gigantic and delicious.  Friends of mine have also got the quesadilla which is also huge and doesn't disappoint.  Its also a BYOB so its a perfect pre-game meal before a night out of drinking.  Always bring my friends from out of town here for a delicious and filling meal.Can't believe I've been living three blocks from this gem and not knowing!! Making up for lost time and getting Quetz at least once a week. :)BYOB.  The veggie burrito I had was good, but not spectacular.  Not amazing like cantina, for example,  but super cheap and delightfully BYO.Key words: delivery, chicken tinga, fat bits, no green sauce.
We had our first meal delivered.  It was just okey to our standards.  I got the chicken Tinga burrito which was tasty but all of the chicken was at the bottom of the burrito.  My husband got the carnitas tostada and found chopped up bits of straight up fat which was unappetizing and unedible. 
We also ordered green sauce but, unfortunately the entire order of sauce opened up and leaked into the plastic bag. Now, you would think that this is a one time thing but even the delivery guy said this happens often bc of the packaging.  He felt bad and gave us back $2 which is more than what we paid for that sauce.  
Maybe if we had sauce, this would be a 4 star review but probably not.  
Maybe would order again-- maybe notI've ordered Quetzally through Grubhub, paid with credit card and left a 15% tip at least once a week for the past few months. Tonight I had a coupon that could only be used through ordering on Yelp. Shortly after getting my delivery from the door, I got an iMessage saying "thanks u for tip" from jorgichin@gmail.com. At first I was confused, then realized because I was a new Yelp user, that I hadn't realized the credit card tip wasn't an option. I think it's horrible customer service to allow drivers to send sarcastic messages to customers who might have forgotten to tip. My previous patronage to this restaurant is over.Idk about you but this is not what I expect for $12 enchiladas. Just soggy wet corn tortillas folded in 1/2 with strips of over cooked steak and cheese sprinkles on top. Also chips & salsa are $6 which should always come complimentary. The side of rice has no flavor and the black beans look promising but I had to add salt just to find a taste. The green salsa is not even close to a salsa verde it's loaded with sugar and not spicy. The service is nice and very sweet so I'm bummed to leave this review they just don't serve good Mexican food and I'm from the southwestThis is one of my favorite restaurants around the area. I always order the nachos campechanos and it is amazing every time. The flavor is just amazing! The owner is also very nice and remembers me every time I go there. Great place and great food.AMAZING! Love this place. The food is excellent and the delivery is pretty fast.Love this place, a must try if you love authentic mexican food.  Jorge the owner is living his dream of his own restaurant, and I'm loving the place.  Food is fresh, all cooked to order, the green chile salsa and warm spicy chips are great, as are the burritos, brisket tacos and chicken tinga. Beans and rice are very good.  It's a little hole-in-the wall type place with fast and hot take out/delivery.  Far better food than the El Vez and El Rey type places, which are so so on the food and very overpriced.  Definitely try Quetzally!Prevention was outstanding, but the taste didn't quite live up to it. My boyfriend claims that their chips and salsa was the best he's ever had. If you're looking for a cute and local Mexican place then I'd stop by.Great little spot. Burrito was spicy and the carne asada was flavorful and mixed really well with the sauce. I will definitely be back. The only reason they do not get a five star is because they are cash only. Sorry, but it's 2016 and merchant services can be implemented at a low cost and cash only is no longer a viable business decision. 
Pricing is right on point, and I think their chips are made in house. Authentic and quiet, this is a solid choice for some Mexican food.I can't get over how great everything was!  My friend and I had two of the breakfast specials and some horchatas. While the food was on the spicer side it wasn't overpowering the other flavors in the dish.  I can't wait to go back again.Oh dear lord I dreamed all night about the chorizo burrito I had for dinner from here last night.  The only reason I'm giving 4 instead of 5 stars is because it took 1.5 hours for delivery, and when the delivery guy FINALLY got here he called and made me come down 25 flights to meet him outside my condo building.  I know that sounds like a bratty comment, but when you order delivery the whole idea is that they bring it to your door because you don't want to go out!  I was laying around in my pjs and had to go down in public to get my delivery food which almost completely defeats the purpose of delivery.  I didn't make a big deal about it at the time and gave him a really nice tip, but still. Every other delivery place in the city comes up to your unit!! So I found this very bizarre and annoying.  My doorman even urged him in, but he refused and instead waited outside by his car.  VERY strange.  
BUT, having all that said.. the food was extremely good.  The meat inside the brisket tacos was melt in your mouth delicious.  Will definitely eat here again, though not sure I'll get delivery unless I'm not super hungry at the time I place the order. :PGreat little hidden gem. Small little place serving up real deal Mexican food. They are cash only but also relatively inexpensive. You can order three tacos for like 8 bucks! Can't beat that. We got chips and guacamole to start. I love their chips. You can definitely tell they are homemade. Then I ordered nachos for dinner so I was a little chip overloaded but the toppings were amazing and fresh! My boyfriend got a shredded chicken taco that was seriously so delicious. Then we got a side of the Mexican fried rice. My boyfriend enjoyed that more than I did. Definitely happy to support a local place like this when I am feeling Mexican instead of Chipotle.My go to BYO downtown - cozy small business with authentic variety and a home dining feel. Nachos campechanos and shrimp quesadillas are a must with a churro for dessert!!Loved the food! The Sopas were soo cool loved that cornmeal bottom. Overall a great experience- will definietly be back :)Friends and I were in town for the weekend and were looking for a quick meal. This place did NOT disappoint. All three of us got enchiladas which were delicious. Sauces were full of flavor and you get free chips and queso to start. 
Tip: BYOB but not that many places to get alc nearby so plan ahead if you want a drink with your meal!Great delivery mexican for a decent price. I had the enchiladas with spicy pork and the chips and guac. Everything was delivered quickly and the order was correct both times.they have updated the menu with really fun fusion specials like- Reuben tacos!
Also really enjoyed the brisket tacos
Margarita mix is only $5.
The churros are insanely good.I ordered delivery and they were prompt and my tacos were just what I wanted! The grilled tilapia was tasty and the corn tortillas were a good quality, so they stood up to being delivered and still being edible! Really yummy salsa and chips too.I live right next door and this is such a convenient location for a pickup or a quick dinner. We order their shrimp tacos and chicken quesadilla every time!I like going to Quetzally for a casual meal (BYO too) or take out. They have renovated the place nicely since it first opened, making it have more of a neighborhood joint with comfortable seating and festive decorations. Their menu is very large, though its generally some form of their tasty meats in a different type of tortilla or sauce. I like the brisket, spicy pork, and fish in the form of tacos, tostadas (crunchy open face taco), or burrito. I've also tried the sopas, which are breadier, and the enchiladas, which are very saucy. They weren't bad, but I wouldn't prefer them over the previously mentioned.
They sometimes throw in free chips or churros. I've also had the horchata and guac. All of these are delicious!Let me start by saying that this is my favorite Mexican restaurant (on the way yo being my favorite). The place is cute and cozy. The staff is very friendly and the food is amazing!! What else do you want?I had my birthday party at Quetzally. I love it.
Just really, really good food, nothing fancy, served by nice people.Decent mexican food.  Some plates like the quesadilla are a little bland.   I'll try it a few more times and come back for another review.Great nachos, even better burritos. The food was delivered quickly, too!Decent Mexican food a few streets south of south street. I'd give it a 3.5 if I could. 
I came in at 6:30 or so on a weekday and had no trouble with seating. It's not a large place but we were the only ones there for a while. Our waitress came over immediately and was really professional and helpful. I generally prefer to try at least one item that a server recommends - it ups the chances that I'll get something good, or at least interesting - and she was really helpful in pointing out a few of her favorites and a few of the most popular items. 
Ended up ordering the shrimp tostadas and pork chop tacos, the latter was the special of the night. I unfortunately wasn't that impressed with either. 
Pork Chop Tacos: with cilantro, onion, and cactus. I feel like there was more cactus than pork on the taco, which was unfortunate because the acidity and bitterness of the cactus ended up overpowering all other flavors. The pork that was there was chopped into tiny bits and was quite fatty and a bit under salted. After taking off a bit of the cactus the tacos was pretty good, but nothing to rave about. 
Shrimp Tostadas: cortijo cheese, avocado puree, lettuce, raw onion, spicy onion. I got the shrimp tacos on the recommendation of our waitress, and they were pretty good but not great. The shrimp were a good consistency and mix of spicy and sweet, and the tortilla was perfectly crispy, but there was no real bite. 
There's definitely better Mexican food in the city, but if you're nearby and hungry this'll do just fine too.This month, a Mexican restaurant called Quetzally took over the tiny space formerly occupied by the Asian fusion restaurant, Stix Asian Eatery. No more Korean style chicken wings. Instead, salsa and melty cheese. Apparently, Quetzali means beautiful in Nahuatl, and while the space isn't exactly beautiful (currently photos of Mexican food cover up a giant poster of a Korean fried chicken wing), it is homey and comfortable.
Warm, salty chips supported scoopfuls of chunky, well seasoned guacamole and equally chunky tomato salsa ($6). It was good enough that we needed seconds. Mole ribs were just ok. 
Burritos are on the menu, or for a less carby and more shareable option, you can order a burrito bowl, we picked spicy pork for ours. I was happy to tackle the challenge of digging in to this big plate of rice and beans, cheese, pico de gallo, sour cream and meat.
Fried tilapia tacos were a little too heavily breaded and not crispy enough. Stix did a better job frying their tilapia. Not my favorite of the day, though the citrus cream and pico de gallo were a nice touch. Tacos come with limes and a carrot salad.
But there was absolutely nothing wrong with the choriqueso tacos though ($7)- three cheesy meaty messes were the perfect things to go with the margaritas we brought (Quetzally is BYO). Quetzally is just starting out and I would love to see them succeed, so do check them out the next time you are in the mood for casual Mexican food.Solid neighborhood mexican spot. I live right around the corner so I'm happy to have a decent place to stop and grab something to go on my way home. It is very small inside but you can also eat here. Keep in mind they have a $15 credit card limit. I had the steak tacos which were great, quality meat and fresh ingredients. I had the chicken enchiladas on another occasion and really wasn't a fan they had very little chicken and it reminded me of the precooked chicken strips you get in the grocery store. I prefer some fresh shredded chicken in my enchiladas but the sauce was flavorful and they give you rice beans and chips and salsa with your order. Staff is friendly and the place is clean.We all got the Chicken Tinga Tacos. We were on a food tour, so we just wanted one taco each. I ordered 4 tacos. The bill ended up at $35 and we got 4 orders of 3 tacos. Come on, Quetzally. You need to be sure you have the order clear. The girl at the desk did not speak good English. I'm all for promoting labor for immigrants, but don't have non-anglophones taking orders!
An even greater disappointment were the tacos. The seasoning was standard Tinga seasoning. That was good. The nachos and salsa they meal came with were also spot on. However, the shredded chicken breast was a great disaster. It had been cooked to oblivion. Hate to think we paid $2.75/taco to get dried out chicken. Imagine obliterating chicken in the oven at 450 for two hours. That was this chicken. This is unacceptable. Quetzally clearly needs to step up it's game. I am very surprised they are currently at a 4.5. Perhaps we got them on an "off" day. But for 4.5 stars, you can't have an "off" day in my book.
Find a different spot. I don't recommend this one.The atmosphere from the outside looks almost overlook-able, but the food was pretty good. The green sauce was so hot for me that it was almost unbearable. I was expecting more of a mild spice than a super spice. I really want to give this place 3.5 stars, but I guess I'll stick with 3. The prices are extremely reasonable and the serving sizes are very hefty. I was happily surprised that when the plates were cleared, churros were brought over to the table. They were so sweet and delicious. I would definitely go to this place just for them!We ordered from this place for the first time and really enjoyed it. From the queso, to the enchiladas, to the tostadas.
We will order againThis place was amazing! Very quaint place with authentic Mexican food. The tostadas were so deliciously crunchy and my fish tacos were so fresh! My boyfriend doesn't even eat Mexican food but I begged him to go with me and he even loved it! Definitely will be back!Chips were excellent, verde sauce(green) excellent, coke in a can+, byob+, got a taco salad with an abundance of fresh avocado+, Small restaurant in south philly, prices on the low end of the range, food quality on the high end of the range. I got a steak burrito which is unlike me as I would usually want enchiladas. The burrito was beautiful and satisfied my hunger. Next time I will delve into some enchiladas.
If you desire actual mexican food in phl this is the place. No bar, but solid eats. CASH ONLY. Viva la MEXICO!The food had potential to be pretty good but it had massive chunks of raw onion in our burritos which was too much and too spicy. We ordered chalupas and got Sopes. Won't be returning.High quality food. No frills atmosphere. Had chorizo fried rice which was amazing. Also the guacamole was very good. And the tacos also good.Wonderful, authentic-feeling, tiny family restaurant. Delicious food, friendly service. Very modest surroundings but so delicious.I ordered the beans and rice burrito and a side of guac. Yum. Super fresh, amazing and on point. The guac came with poblano peppers chopped on top for an added kick. Lots of flavors happening here. I have a high standard for food - the venue was very clean and well kept. No problems.Today I have a new favorite Mexican Restaurant in the US! it's a modestly priced neighborhood place in South Philly.
Whenever I try a new ethnic restaurant I order a specific "signal" dish. For a first visit to a Mexican restaurant, I order chilaquiles. It's rarely on the menu but every Mexican chef I've ever asked can whip up a version of this. As the waiter started to hand me a menu, I asked if they could make me chilaquiles. He thought about it for a second asked if I wanted green or red sauce, chicken or pastor. Horchata is my signal beverage.
Both the chilaquiles and the Horchata were the best I ever had anywhere. and anywhere includes California, Texas, Mexico City, Oaxaca, Bahia, and Xtapa.Excellent place for quick takeout.  We order from here at least 3-4 times per month.  The owner is really friendly, and our order is usually ready within 15 minutes.
Everything is very fresh and authentic, I really love this place.
Our go-to item is the chicken tacos.  Very simple and fresh, and you won't be stuffed afterwards.  My other favorite is the chicken chalupas, which are nothing like the chalupas I used to get at Taco Bell back in high school!  Try them with the red sauce.  Or if you're starving, go with the brisket burrito - it's really filling though, you might have to lay on the couch and digest for a while.Phenomenal food. My husband and I have ordered from every Mexican place in the city only to be disappointed many times. Quetzally is seriously SO delicious. The meat in the tacos is great quality and perfectly prepared, no weird gristly fatty bites. All the salsas are great, rice and beans were awesome, quesadillas were perfect. We love this place. Go there! So good.I am mixed about Quetzally.  The positives: vegetable quesadilla was amazing, the guacamole was really fresh and tasty, and the chips and salsa are fantastic.  The negatives: vegetarian burrito was flavorless and the chicken tinga tacos were very average.  I am willing to go back and try again because there were some positives.  However, for the price, the next time this food needs to wow me.I made my order from eat24
The food is great but unfortunately the driver or delivery guy is an asshole
I'm from California ware high standard quality service is everything,
 I'm visiting Philadelphia at a four-star hotel where the front of the building there's a space for deliveries drop off the pick ups
I cannot believe the driver called me and asked me to come down pick up my food and still  tells me if I don't like it to order somewhere else
All I have to say is wow!! I'm never ordering there again no matter what the reviews say!!!
Had to call the restaurant to finally get my food!Living on the same block has its advantages. It's a nice casual place to grab dinner with friends or to get some takeout when the fridge is empty. I've tried many of the items on their menu and they are all good. They surprised me once with churros in my takeout order (maybe because it was over $50?) and they were out of this world. Big fan.not bad but not great.  place is clean and staff is nice and you can byo.Amazing Mexican. Super fast & friendly service. Incredibly affordable. The chips and salsa are a must order - perfect blend of sweet and spicy. I had the chorizo tacos and was not disappointed. Also, incredibly affordable - lunch for under $20 for two. Highly recommend.One of the worst Mexican restaurants I've been to. I have no idea how this place gets more than 2 stars. Terrible service, stale food, no flavor.Quetzally is right below Center City in Hawthorne but it remains very much a neighborhood Mexican cafe as opposed to a destination restaurant.  Much of their business is via the takeout or delivery route but there is also a small dining room with a few tables.  I was recommended by a friend to try their chalupas and with good reason - they're good.  I had the homemade chorizo chalupas and after adding hot sauce to provide a nice kick, I enjoyed a nice light meal.
btw - Quetzally means beautiful in the old Aztec language.This is great Mexican food. 
First off, its BYOB, so if you want a Corona with your tacos, bring it with you. 
The tacos are really good. We had the spicy pork tacos and chorizo tacos. Both were great, but the chorizo tacos were some of the best ive ever had. 
Also, I recommend the Guac.After a whole year, I finally stepped out on my usual Mexican spot to check out Quetzally. What really sold me were all the photos here on Yelp and on their Facebook page. It all looked so good. "Looked." I somehow managed to order the wrong thing... my beloved quesadilla.
AFAIK, there are 2 types of quesadilla. The first type is only thing I've ever seen before trying authentic Mexican food (ie. chain restaurant Americana... they look like stuffed pizza slices), and then the traditional... what I'd call "con todo" (with everything style... looks like tacos folded over with a fully dressed salad on top). Quetzally's style is like the stuffed pizza and I knew this already because I saw a photo. I figured I'd switch it up, but I really wasn't too pleased.
I got the "house-made" chorizo and I could barely taste it, because there wasn't much meat and the cheese (also different than the oaxaca I've had at other nearby Mexican places) just overpowered everything. There was a bit of sour cream on the side and a bit of salsa/pico de gallo/whatever and some chips so I made the most of it. I also had horchata and I thought it was bland (definitely not worth it). So as I'm wrapping up my meal I'm kicking myself because then I see a sign that says $15 minimum to use a card so I bridge the gap in my bill by adding a churro to go and of course I tipped. So I walked away thinking... for almost $20 how many other places I could've gone to and gotten something I really would've enjoyed. It's a bad feeling. 
Last, my server seemed like a sweet enough young lady and she was really trying, but service was awkward. I hadn't been there before... do I wait at the door, do I just sit, do I get a menu, do I get utensils, do I get napkins, do you take my card, do I come up and give you my card? I give 3 stars instead of 2 because otherwise, it seems like a cool place had I ordered the right things. "Meh I've experienced better" really describes how I feel though.Straightforward, sparse, and friendly.  Certainly nothing wrong with this place and if they get some initial business I can see it being a popular spot.
I was jonesin' for some tacos after getting back from San Diego so gave this place a shot.  While no Tacos El Gordo what we got here certainly was nice, cheap, and simple.  Seasoned meats, fresh toppings, etc.
As mentioned they are likely still decorating a bit in here to cover up from the past owners so I anticipate this improving over time.  The guy who served us, who I figure is the owner, was very nice so I hope this place does well.  Was dead the night we were there though, only saw one other person in the 40 minutes or so we sat there.0 stars, if I could.
SO FRUSTRATED-I've had good experiences with their delivery, despite how long it would take to get here.
Tonight, after 1.5 hours, I called to find out where our food was, and was told they didn't have our order, and then suddenly they had our order, and they could have it to us in 20 minutes. But wait! No, they were closing and out of chicken and could not fill the order. 
Thanks, we'll get our Mexican from somewhere else from now on.CREDIT CARD/DEBIT CARD: $15 Limit
Came here another time on a rainy and cloudy day.
I was going to call and order but decided to check out the customer service. 
I walked into the store and was not greeted so I asked for the menu and the front lady handed it to me. Her mood was not very friendly but more so cranky. She had no smile or acknowledgment if I was ready to order, it was more so me talking to someone than a back and forth conversation.
I ordered the Steak Taco and a Mango Soda drink.
I got my order and left to take it home to eat. The taco was good itself but I wanted the lime on it but the lime was too hard that juice did not even come out of it. 
If anyone wants to try the Mango Soda drink, DO NOT... in my opinion, it does not taste good. But the taste of the drink was not part of the review as the restaurant does not actually make it themselves. 
RRASON FOR 2 STARS:
Brought UP (+2stars) because the main course... Steak Taco was good.
Brought down (-2stars) due to lack of good customer service.
Brought down (-1star) due to lime not having any sort of juice in it.
Will not be back to this place unless my friends wants to due to them coming here every Tuesday for Taco Tuesday but hopefully they chose a different spot for Taco Tuesday.Love this place as it's so convenient and consistently churns out really good food. Usually get the pork tacos or pork burrito and chicken tortilla soup. Only one thing I wish was more consistently good - the guacamole. The first time we ordered it, it was great and the chips were equally as amazing {very important for the guac and chips combo}, but the times after that, the guacamole was made with more fillers (tomatoes, onions, cilantro, etc.) than actual avocados.I had ordered burritos for my husband and I one night. They were not only scrumptious but enourmous. If you can keep yourself from devouring the entire meal in one sitting, the second half heats up perfectly in he oven with the foil still wrapped around it.Besr darn homemade salsa...EVA! I cant get enough of this stuff! Guess if i got an addiction, salsa isnt bad!
Burritos are huge and avg $10. They can feed 2.
Loads of great menu items to choose; I plan to try the shrimp tacos next.
Casual place, not a comfy spot bc it can get hot, and seating is tight.
I recommend ordering carry out.The food is fantastic (LOVE the tortilla soup and green enchiladas) and the service is awesome--the people who work there seem to genuinely care that you enjoy the food and have a great experience at their restaurant. They actually read these online review and make alterations to their menu based on comments (for example the girl working the counter told me they recently added nachos to the menu based on a few online suggestions). I just can't say enough good things about this place.Really solid Mexican place in a neighborhood that needs more of it.Had delivery through Yelp two weeks ago from Quetzally and loved it.  I'm so excited we finally found a great Mexican restaurant that I can get delivery from in Philly.  
We tried: 
Chorizo Enchiladas 
Barbacoa Burrito 
Plain Mexican Fried Rice 
Poblana Soup
All four items were absolutely amazing.  I can't say enough good things about the food here.  It was delivered hot (was a concern of mine ordering mexican takeout) and everything was delicious.  I can't wait to order again and try new items!Food is great. Ill start with that.
Service TERRIBLE. Delivery TERRIBLE (takes forever and the drivers don't read the instructions at all. Had my food not delivered on more than 1 occasion. The restaurant is losing money this way and they don't even know it. Easy fix too)Lovely, colorful, clean restaurant with great food.  Not a burrito hut, but individually prepared dishes.  Sauce too spicy for me, but friends loved it. Ordered whole fish which was cooked to perfection.  First experience eating  Huaraches.  Really different and filling.  Fresh watermelon juice was fabulous.  Plenty of homemade nachos for the table.  Flan dessert was best we ever tasted.Quetzally is a block and a half away from my house, and I just ordered takeout for the first time. Delicious!!!Went in on a Thursday night for takeout. We got the chicken tinga tacos with guac on the side, and a chorizo enchilada. Both were super flavorful and the green salsa was a perfect topping. We were delighted to see bonus churros included for free! The restaurant is small and cozy, we plan on returning soon.