Race Street Cafe is a great little bar/restaurant to have a casual meal and a great beer. It's always got great specials on the chalkboard and new beers on tap and the service is usually spot on. 
However, if you're coming with a large group, be prepared to wait. They do allow you to call ahead and order food and I highly recommend it if you're going for lunch and only have an hour to get back to work!
Special Note: They have a wood-burning stove inside which is so nice and cozy in the winter time and they are open-air in the summer time, along with outdoor seating!A 5 star rating would actually take something away from this place...I mean this is more like a cozy neighborhood pub than a cafe...and I like it that way.
That being said...expecting pub food and finding dishes that belong more in a fine back street bistro in Paris is indeed a welcome surprise. We started off with a couple of great tap beers that went very well with the calamari. The calamari was fried perfectly with cauliflower and jalapenos. It came with 2 sauces, one seemed like a chipotle mayo and the other was a little too sweet which is fine because the calamari didn't need any accompaniment. My wife had the poulet and I had the pork chop. Both were cooked perfectly and the poulet had a crisp skin and tender/juicy meat. The poulet came with roasted potatoes and the pork came with a mash of sweet potatoes, both came with haricot vert.
Great cozy and casual ambiance paired with friendly service make Race Street Cafe one of my new go to places in my hood.Great spot to get food and beers on a nice day, but outside seating is pretty limited.I should have stuck to my first choice of burger but I saw the chili on the menu and decided to give that a try instead. I was left unsatisfied.The food is good. Very laid back atmosphere. For some reason every time I go there the Eagles lose.I was immediately a fan stepping into this cozy space. The food is generously portioned bar food,  a few interesting specials, makes for a memorable night on a cold winter's night.This hidden gem has been one of my city-wide favorites for a few years now.
They always have an excellent rotating draught beer list. Franziskaner Hefe Weiss seems to be a permanent fixture; then they usually offer a few white options, a few dark options, and a few hoppier options (heart u hops). It pains me to see people in there drinking Lager bottles. What the hell's wrong with you morons?
They also have surprisingly amazing food. The calamari, the nachos, the burgers, and the hummus/baba ghanoush special are all excellent. I've probably been 20-30 times, usually mixing the aforementioned dishes with various specials and other menu items. Only once have I had anything sub par: the grilled veggie muffaletta sandwich. I had it once and it was fantastic. Next time, not so good.
Sauces are where they really shine though. The calamari and the fries both come with excellent dipping sauces, and the fries themselves are delicious too!
You really can't go wrong with any food choice there, and the atmosphere is a super cozy pub feel. I seriously wish I lived there. I've read a couple reviews saying the servers are rude, but I've never found that to be the case. They're very respectful, offer good beer recommendations (you can tell they've actually tried everything on tap and they appreciate good beer), and maybe most importantly, even when it's packed they don't try to rush you out at all.I had heard many good things about this spot before, but finally checked it out recently. We sat outside on a cool summer day and really enjoyed the view of the Ben Franklin Bridge. If you're a beer snob like me, then this place is a must try. Large draft list with a ton of craft beers. For food I  had a side salad to start, which was fine. Nothing to write home analyst. However, as an entree i had the brisket sandwich, which was absolutely delicious. I will definitely check this place out again.This place easily has the potential of becoming 4 or 5 stars.  The location, the space, the outside seating area, the atmosphere....  Having just moved from Northern Liberties to Old City, I think of this place as almost being the North 3rd, or Abbaye, or Standard Tap of Old City, in other words, a casual gastro pub where you can go for delicious food at least once a week.  RSC still has a way to go in this category.
Interesting atmosphere - check, good music - check, relaxing vibe with local patrons - check. Friendly servers - check, delicious food? - they definitely have room to improve on this account.
To their defense, I am a vegetarian, so I am always judging a place by their vegetarian selections.  I tried their gnocchi and it was just ok.  It was lacking in flavor and just didn't wow me.  
My friend had the veggie burger.  He asked that they not put tomatoes on it, but I guess that was interpreted as "no toppings at all"   He got what looked like a store bought garden burger with no toppings, in a pita, folded in half.  It was very strange and just not what I'd expect to have served at a place like this.  Note to the chef - take a trip over to Monks or the Belgian cafe and taste what an amazing veggie burger is like. Maybe I was expecting something delicious and homemade and more of a professional presentation?  The food isn't exactly cheap, so I guess I was just expecting more.
Unlike some of the other reviewers, I had no problems with the service.  I'll probably be back just because of the location and maybe just to drink, but if the food was better, I'd probably be there all the time.Good food but terrible service! How can you have only one server on a busy Friday night. We would have ordered more drinks if she ever came around.  The food doesn't make up for the poor service.Ate here for the first time for dinner. Service was excellent, prompt, and attentive. Started with buffalo shrimp which my boyfriend really enjoyed (I found them okay). I had the petit filet with a twice baked potato and vegetables du jour, the only issue was that the vegetables were extremely over-salted (easy mistake) everything else was excellent. My boyfriend ate curry shrimp and there wasn't anything left on the plate. For dessert we shared a creme brûlée which was to die for, we will definitely be back!The beer sampler is kool, we liked fruh kolsch not bitter very smooth. The burger was go o d, fries were average. Great atmosphere, seemed for ever to get food, on a Sunday at 2pm they were full.I've been here many times, and it's never been my pick. It really comes down to the customer service for me. The wait staff (usually 2 bartenders running all tables and the bar) is far from friendly or engaging. I don't think I've ever recieved eye contact from anyone OR even a response after I place an order- more like a silence and then walk away with nothing to let me know you just understood or even HEARD what I ordered. As a former waitress myself, I find this extremely peculiar.
This might be that thye're really busy, and and just trying to be really efficient.. but I have to say, a "sure", "okay, I'll get your order in", OR maybe even a "thank you" wouldn't kill anyone or take more than 2 seconds to speak. Bizzare. And not a one time experience.Atmosphere was great, low lit small place with great music playing. Went with two children but not really a family restaurant however, the service was great and very accommodating to the two kids. Fish tacos were awesome as were the nachos. The steak salad was tasty but I love blue cheese so I would've liked more. Loved the cozy wood stove and just overall vibe. Perfect for what we were looking for!I've been here before and normally have had a decent brunch experience, but tonight was horrible. There was a group of 7 of us, we sat outside and didn't make any outrageous requests, easy drinks and food with no variations from the menu. We waited a excessive amount of time for everything. In total we were here for 3 hrs. And when we finally got the food it was not as good as I expected. I only took one bite of my sandwich it was that bad. I feel bad for the server because he was the only one on, but there had to be someone that could have helped him. Overall, horrible!Why do they call themselves a café when coffee isn't listed on their menu? More of a pub with overpriced food. Service was spotty the day I went there, though they do have a woodstove.I have been going to Race St. Cafe for years now and have never been disappointed.  They have an ever changing list of about 12-15 craft and rare imports on draft.  The servers and bartenders are knowledgeable about all of their beers, and will help the novice beer drinker find one that suits their taste.
I would describe the food as artisanal-American.  My personal fave is the Southwest Turkey burger, and you can't go wrong with any of their choices.
Only drawback is it can get a bit noisy when crowded, and you may have a bit of a wait, as it is a small venue; however, the atmosphere is great.  Exposed brick, wood burning fireplace, and an always friendly crowd.  Waiting is a great excuse to try one of the microbrews.
This is my favorite place in Philly.  If you haven't been, definitely give it a try.With a little more attention to detail this place could be 4 or 5 stars.  But, after years of coming here I don't think it's going to happen.  The food is always fine, but never fantastic.  The service almost always could be improved, but isn't falling behind.  There are better pubs for beers and food in the area.  But, I don't mind stopping by every fews months.Hidden gem in Olde City. 
Went here during First Friday and was impressed. Although not an extensive menu, the food is good and the drink selection offers something for everyone.
World away from the Market STreet scene just a few blocks away. You can also eat outside.I live nearby and have dined at Race St. at least 1-2x/week for the past year. I'm so lucky to have such an all-around spectacular neighborhood bar- and its nicely tucked away in a more residential part of Old City, away from the tourist crowds. 
Race St. has a cozy interior- large open windows in summer and a wood-burning fire in winter. Staff is exceptionally friendly and will make great recommendations. 
Food: Perfection. They've mastered the classics like buffalo chicken and burgers. Don't miss the specials, either- I've had great pasta and seafood dishes from their rotating menu. 
Great draft list. They'll occasionally have an others difficult to procure offering - Heady Topper was briefly available recently. That was a treat!needed late night grub. stumbled upon this on our way up north. BEST shrimp quesadilla I have ever had. ever!  and I lived in Cali for 10 years. the mix of onions, peppers, cheese with shrimp topped with a chipotle drizzle + guac on side was insane. no time to take a pic, I ate it so fast. FYI this isn't on the regular menu - late night appetizerNeeded lunch for the fam during a late lunch time. Tween couldn't believe we brought her to a bar, but we lived the warmth of the wood burning stove, and the food was amazing! We'd all go back! Fish tacos were divine (fit sweet potato fries as a side - yum!), pork nachos which were delish, and a flavorful chicken caesar salad. Worth every penny!To sum it up: excellent food, great beer selection (and prices!) and HORRIBLY SLOW service.
I came to Race Street Cafe last Wednesday as part of a group of 8 people around 7PM. We were celebrating my friend's birthday. It was not busy at all when we sat down, maybe 3 other tables were occupied, all 2 tops. The server, a young lady, greeted us promptly upon sitting down and took some drink orders. When I saw how long it took for the drinks to come, I knew we were in trouble. When she finally came back to take food orders, I ordered the gazpacho to start, the po' boy and a spanish burger for my husband. Someone please tell me why it would take 18 minutes (I was timing) for a gazpacho to come out?? It's freakin' gazpacho! Anyway, my frustration quicly dwindled when I tasted it. It was really delicious- bright and acidic with a silky mouthfeel, but still chunky enough to satisfy. About a year later, our entrees came out, except for one member of our party who's order the server admittedly forgot about.
The food was definitely excellent. I could tell that the po' boy I ate was a very well thought out sandwich. I loved the contrast of the shrimp and the crabmeat salad, the crunch of the cornmeal breading, the subtle, pleasant heat of the chipotle sauce and the refreshing crunch of the lettuce. I was in heaven for the entire 3 minutes it took to scarf it down. I also had a bite of hubby's spanish burger, which was also very good. My only concern was that I felt that the onions got a little lost in the sandwich, probably overpowered by the jalapenos and maybe even the chorizo. I think throwing a couple more on there would solve that problem.
The server never once came over to our table to ask how we were enjoying our meals, and was not very apologetic about forgetting my friend's order. She didn't even offer to comp it, even though he had to wait another half hour to receive his food. 
The beer selection was also quite impressive. I'm a bit of a connoisseur and was still able to find beers that I hadn't tried yet, all at an average price of $4.
Overall, I'd say the dining experience was good, except for the service. I mean, I usually don't complain about this, but it was downright terrible. Just God awful. I may not return because of this. 
The one thing that baffles me is that I see countless reviews complaining of the service, and no changes have been made. It's like the owner of this establishment is intentionally trying to take a good thing and run it into the ground. Race Street Cafe owner(s): Do something about the service in your restaurant or you will not have customers to serve!This is my favorite place for food, drinks and a relaxing atmosphere in Old City. Great beers on draught that are always changing. The wood fire stove is amazing for cold winter nights. Our go tos are the fried chicken sandwich, steak salad and wings! I would suggest this place looking for a homey vibe with excellent food and drinks!Very cozy place to escape the snow. Friendly and quick service, good food and great eggnog.I went to this place with a restaurant deal and really did not know what to expect...the reason why this was three instead of four, was that the place did not have that many waiters...
The steak was excellent and full of flavor..the drinks were wonderful and I learned about a new sparkling wine called CAVA...
The appetizer was okay...I ordered the buffalo shrimp and it was heated up shrimp tossed in hot sauce...okay and kinda mediocre, almost to a turn off...
The decor was very dark and you really couldn't see the decorations, which kind of creeped me out...overall I will go back for the entree and drinksMy fiance and I LOVE race street cafe. The food is delicious and we love the service!A great place for the Old City locals to come for a drink or for great food.  I had the turkey burger because I was looking for something spicy.  Theirs definitely is and it is excellent.  They have a great beer selection including one brew available on cask.  The cask choice was Yards' IPA.  I am normally not a fan of IPAs but, the cask pouring process makes it less carbonated and has a more smooth flavor to it.
The atmosphere is great.  I was there with a friend and she said that during snow storms they have been open.  With a wood burning fireplace in the dining area, it makes Race Street Cafe the perfect spot on a cold winter day.  Although I haven't tried it, with their windows giving a good view to the outside, winter days at the cafe probably go well with an Irish Coffee in hand with their fire and windows in view.
Recommended for anyone who likes either good brews or good bar food or both.Great place to have a late dinner on a Saturday night!
We were apartment searching in the area and before we knew it we need to eat.  Walked up the street to Race St Cafe.
Not too crowded, very charming almost romantic atmosphere (romantic with a bar how much better could it get??)
Don't really remember the beer we hd but I do remember it was different than usual and was delicious.  I was pleasantly surprised when I asked our serve for recommendations and she gave an extremely detailed and lovely description!
BF had the pulled pork whihc was fantastic!  The bbq sauce was definitely not bottled and had some saucy coleslaw on top.  Fries were crsipy and came with some sort of condiment on the side which was tasty.
I had one of the specials- Mac and Cheese with Stewed tomatoes and a salad on the side.  I can't remember the last time I had such a tasty side salad.  Mac and Cheese was very creamy and warm with lightly seasoned tomatoes on top.  Great blend!
Wanted to try desert and signed we decided to move in 3 blocks from there- we will be back!The first time I went it was good. Went back again recently and "eh". My friend ordered the turkey burger which comes with guacamole on the sandwich. It was very hard for him manage, very messy given there was quite a bit. That might be something best put on the side vs on the burger itself. 
I ordered the brisket on a gluten free bun. I asked for the bun to be toasted and it barely was, and it was VERY dry and too large for the little brisket they put on the sandwich. I ended up slicing off about 2/3 of the top of the bun as I simply couldn't bite into it. I appreciate you all having the option available, it's why I go, but a different option should be considered. It also wasn't hot when came out, the cheese had started to congeal, definitely had been sitting in the kitchen a bit.Excellent place to grab a pint of rotating beer. The nachos weren't anything special but hit the spot after four or five beers. The staff was lively and on top of my table always making sure we were taken care of-- much appreciated!
Definitely would recommend as a great spot to knock a few drinks back with friends and I plan on going back!I will say that in all fairness, this review is based on a visit during Memorial Day weekend when the restaurant seemed understaffed.  Perhaps, at another time, when they are ready to serve at capacity the overall experience would be better.
We came in a group of seven and were able to secure an outside table.  With our minds set on food and drink, we sat and quickly ordered nachos and wings to start.  When our apps came, they were quickly devoured because well, we were hungry.
Next, we ordered main courses.  No one got anything crazy or made modifications to their ordered entrees.  Unfortunately, I believe it took nearly an hour for our sandwiches to arrive.  During that period of time, we never saw our waiter and I even had to go inside at one point to find him just to ask about ordering another round of drinks.
Finally, our food did arrive and I have to say that I really found the roast pork sandwich pretty poor.  I'm not sure how roast pork gets to the texture of the way it was served to me but it was.  I was very unimpressed.
After the check was dropped off, we sat for a long while and didn't see our server.  I took it upon myself to take the bill and the cards inside to save our server the trip.  He informed me that they only will separate a bill on at most 3 cards.  That philosophy is not conducive for groups.
I'm not making any plans to return to this place.  While I'm not opposed to dining here again, it's not on my short list.The food here is awesome and the design of the place has that modern, cozy feel with trendy split-level seating and a fully stocked bar.  This is a 5 star Breakfast/Lunch place and I'm a very accomodating person but our server was just not good; she was nice, but that only goes so far. . The place wasn't that crowded at all and she messed up about 3 different things at different times throughout the meal I had with a buddy of mine.  Whether it was completely forgetting about a drink I ordered, or bringing out the wrong sides, she was just in her own little world and I felt like she just wanted to get us in and out.
That being said, the menu is like no other brunch menu I've seen; it's very heavy with fried egg selections, but they prepare them in such unique entrees, they all have their own personal flare and sounded so appetizing.  I wasn't a fan of the fact that during brunch hours (10am-4pm Sat-Sun I believe) you can only order from the selected brunch menu, I was dying to try some of the nachos but I couldn't complain too much because the Brunch menu did have a decent selection to choose from.  I went with the Spanish Burger--A combination of ground beed and chorizo sausage grilled to perfection with melted manchengo cheese and fries topped with sauteed onions, jalepenos and mixed cheese.  
It was incredible, cooked perfectly, and every bite tasted better than the last.  The egg covered the whole sandwich too, so each bite had the same flavor consistency throughout the meal.  For only $10.50 w/ Fries, this is one of the best burgers I've had in Olde City.  Topped it off with a nice Allagash White too, one of my favorite beers to top off a burger or fish&chips. 
Can't wait to check this place out again! Although I was reading some other reviews about the dinner options not being anything better than typical bar food, I'm willing to give them a shot since this was far from just a "typical" brunch outing.I really like Race Street Cafe. My husband and I discovered the place when we were living in Old City. The food is really good (the burgers, chili nachos..). The only thing lacking is the service.  You do have to seat yourself (and they don't make it clear when you walk in). It also may take awhile before the waiter comes by to acknowledge you or even take your drink order. I remember many times having to flag the waiter down to put in our food order! And the check.. that also takes a long time to get. So give yourself a lot of time if you go during a busy time. The atmosphere is nice, the food and drinks are good. They just don't have excellent service.In here on a packed Friday night.  I guess that's why 1* has to be removed, because it's a shame it is so small.  It often makes getting a table a real effort.
We arrived at 7:30 with a party of 7.  Server was quick to come and find us at the bar and ask if we wanted a table.  When we told him we were a 7, he said at least a 2 hour wait so we planned to just have a few drinks and move on.
Now, in a bar tender from Philadelphia being out of the way helpful, he came back 10 minutes later and started discussing how he could move tables around to fit us in.  Another 10 minutes and we had a big table for dinner.  Impressive service.
The beer selection is always interesting and the prices are standard for premium beers.  I had the Southwestern Turkey Burger which was good, everyone else's food looked solid and there weren't any complaints.
Highly recommended, just plan on getting there early on the busier nights if you want to get a table and eat.These boys put together one nice, comfortable place with excellent food and service. Stan (if he's still behind the bar) will keep you entertained and satisfied. If you really want a good time, just ask him what's good and what drinks best with it... he won't steer you wrong. In the winter months, nothing beats hanging  by the woodburning stove. 5 happy, cozy, warm stars.This review is for brunch. The whole vibe of Race St Cafe is unpretentious from the food to the atmosphere. It's a really cozy place with a wood burning fireplace and lots of dark wood. The food is relatively simple yet really delicious. It's a perfect neighborhood spot for a Sunday morning brunch to nurse yourself back to health after a big night out. And almost all of the brunch meals come with tater tots - you can't beat that!I find myself here fairly often, and I don't consider that to be a bad thing in the least. The ambiance is great- its dark and woody with a little fireplace which is perfect for the winter, but the windows open up allowing for fresh air in the summer, and there are tables outside if that's you're groove too.  There's really something for everyone.  The same goes for their beverage selection.  They always have a bunch of great beers on draught which I usually gravitate towards, but if you're my friend who only drinks liquor- they've got you covered.  Same goes for the wine-o's.  I've eaten here a few times too.  It's generally A-OK.  It tries to be very gourmet, but I always find what I get to be very good bar food.  Nothing to write home about, but I certainly don't hate eating there.  It's a good little olde city watering hole within walking distance to the Race Street Pier, and I kinda love it.This is my local brunch of choice. Three words: Huevos San Lucas. It is a giant plate of deliciousness. Who doesn't love good breakfast foods, enjoyed by a real wood fireplace.Super cozy, chill atmosphere and rustic decor. Good rotating tap selection. Tasty plates with veg friendly options. Franklin stove burning for those nippy fall/winter times. Staff is always friendly and conversational.This is the second time I've been to Race Street, and it was a confirmation of my views on the Cafe. The food at Race Street is excellent and they have a large and varied selection of beers, but the service is deplorable! Both times I've eaten here the waitresses have taken forever to do anything. I understand that on a busy night there will be some amount of wait, but it wasn't busy and it took her over 30 minutes to finally come back to pick up our check. 
So, if you have hours to spare you should go, but expect to wait ages for anything.In Philly on business from Austin, Tx.  The bartender at Paddys suggested I give Race Street a try and I am glad he did, great food, awesome beer selection, cool atmosphere, nice staff.  Cant say enough good things about Race St. Cafe!Great beer selection and really yummy food. Fun atmosphere: restored building that overlooks the BF Bridge. We truly enjoyed the special app: fried green tomato stack with feta and balsamic reduction.  Short walk to Festival Pier, so perfect before shows.Go for the vibe, the atmosphere and the beer.  With so many great restaurant options nearby, I usually stop by Race Street when I need a meeting place or good spot to chill out.  
Regardless of season, sit inside unless traffic is light.  It's an open-air dining room during the warm months and, personally, that's my favorite time to go.  I must admit that I have not been there when the fire place is going, which could be pretty sweet.
Good beer selection.  Service is spotty.Popped in for lunch one day. Great service. Yummy food. Carrot cake was especially tasty. Relaxing yet fun ambiance - love the decor. Would like to try one evening when the weather is nice & they have the outer doors all opened up.When I was living in Philadelphia this was the neighborhood spot to go out and have a casual meal and a good pint.  When reviewing I typically do so with the traveler/tourist in mind, so while I love the place I will definitely have to say its inconsistent.  Some nights (or at brunch) the food is simply superb but the next visit it could be very ho-hum.  During the spring & fall months the few outdoors tables are perfect and the interior is great (very homey, dimly lit, and comfortable).  
They do have a great beer list and a solid menu with changing specials.  Pub grub with burgers, pulled pork, quesadillas, wings, calamari, blt, chicken sandwiches, crab melts, etc.   I personally aways go for the spicy southwestern turkey burger which rarely disappoints.  Good brunch spot too with inventive offerings such as smoked salmon pita points (which I love when its on but the past couple times found it underwhelming).  One other drawback is the service which is inconsistent as well (even when they aren't busy).  
So I give it four stars when its on and three stars when its not.  I wouldn't go out of your way to eat here if you're visiting Philadelphia but if you live in Philly, especially in the area, give it a try.Pros:
Location - One of the only bars/restaurants on the Northern Edge of Old City
Burger and Fries - Burger is great, french fries are even better.
Beer - Cool selection, always changing.
Vibe - Laid back, local crowd.
Cons:
Food - Other than the Burger and Fries it's not great. I've tried 5 or 6 different things and most are either bland or not good. Every time I go at least one person at our table thinks their food isn't good. If only they would get the Burger!
No Room - It's small so if it fills up you're outta luck. People tend to take the tables and chill all night.
In Between:
Service - If you're in a hurry or used to "Franchise speed service" don't go here. They're friendly and laid back.  This could be a Pro or a Con depending on what you are looking for. For me it's a Pro, for the missus, a Con.The thing I love the most about the Race Street Cafe is the wood stove they have in the bar.   In the winter, there is nothing better then the slight smell of burning wood.   In the summer they have their two big doors open to let in the fresh air and tables on the side walk.  Equally as awesome as the wood burning stove.  
Their food is pretty good... I only have the Turkey Club, which is FANTASTIC, but I have heard good things about the other selections on the menu.  
It can get pretty crowded in there on the weekends and in the nights, so sometimes we can't get a seat.    But most of the time it isn't a problem.  The outside seating can be in high demand during the summer, so snag a table if possible.   
The staff is generally friendly.   They had a jerkish "I'm just here because my other career hasn't taken off just yet" waiter there for a while, but he hasn't been there for a few weeks.  Maybe his career finally took off.   Heh.
Otherwise, it's a great little place to go to.Good food that is more than your standard pub fare.  Good beer/wine list.  Great atmosphere.  The chili was especially good; I'd order it again.  The roast beef sandwich was delicious.  The turkey burger was just okay.  I'll definitely be back to try more of the menu.The interior of Race Street Cafe was nothing like I had expected. Even in the middle of the day, the place is a little dark with a focus on the bar, which is the first thing you see when you walk in. I wasn't expecting that. I had heard such good things about lunch at the Race Street Cafe, I thought it would be more like a Wedge + Fig kind of place.
Anyway, I loved my lunch there. A generous portion of the special salad, but mixed greens were topped with roasted beets, bacon (the guiltiest pleasure of the day), hard boiled eggs, tomatoes, fried goat cheese, red onion (which I gracefully tossed to the side) and a simple champagne-y vinaigrette. Service was casual- I think the one dude in the place held responsibilities of bartender + server but i didn't mind a bit.  
The menu was not particularly veggie-friendly, but Michelle C's buffalo chicken salad (Zack H's fave) looked delicious. I'll be bringing my boy to try it out in the near future.I can honestly say that I fully agree with everything Kevin R. said about this place.
We came here for a date night about two months ago and I loved it. The food was fantastic, filling and fully worth every well-priced penny. We had a coupon from restaurant.com, but I would gladly go back and pay full-price. The atmosphere is wonderful and our waiter kicked ass. He was very attentive and sweet. 
I honestly can't wait to go back.Love this place! I like the staff and the food. The beer selection is one the best in the neighborhood and they play albums, which is a nice change.Pulling my suitcase on Sat morn from the Courtyard at City Hall to the Comfort Inn at Penns Landing, figured I ate at too many good restaurants the past two weeks since I arrived at Philly, really needed some exercise instead of taking the subway. Had to change from a really nice clean reasonable priced hotel to a overpriced dump that charged almost 2.5x as much, just because every hotel was booked in downtown due to a convention, so Comfort Inn jacked the price up, I had no choice, didn't rent a car and had to stay another week to finish the job. I do have to say the view of Ben Franklin bridge and the water front was very nice, but they really need to do some major work on the hotel, have to get that review up soon.  
Google map was showing Comfort Inn on 3rd and Cherry, so very wrong! I contacted google and they had corrected it since. I wandered that area for 15 min and finally called the hotel for directions, the lady told me to head down Race street and on the other side of the freeway, but informed me the room won't be ready until 1:00, I checked out of Courtyard at 10, and it was even 11 yet, I started toward it anyway since a few drops of rain already made its way to the ground, and I didn't have an umbrella. Going the suggested route was how I chanced upon Race Street Cafe, I quickly lookup Yelp and it did return some good reviews, so a brunch was the perfect way to kill some time. 
I dragged my suitcase up the short flight of stairs, sat myself at the somewhat empty bar near the kitchen opening, the first impression was good, the place was small and intimate, a handful of people already there. Someone must of connected their ipod with his/her collection of Elvis tunes, didn't really fit with the decor, but I kind of liked it, and was surprised how many songs I actually knew. I queried the selection on tap and tried the Sly Fox Abby Ale, maybe I was parched from the walk, but was amazed how good it was. I sat there for a bit looking at the menu and the board's special, not sure what it was at the time, I just couldn't get comfortable.  
Debated a little longer and ended up with the salmon latkes, the special from the board, overheard the kitchen complaint about something after the waiter placed my order in, or maybe it was my imagination. I read the local Metroactive equivalent for a bit before another waitress brought me my plate, they did a good job on the latkes I thought, really hit the spot. For a moment I pictured this place could be a good hangout after work, but it soon lost its appeal when I sat there with my empty plate and empty glass. The staff seemed very friendly toward the other people at the place, but simply ignored me right after dropping off the food. Didn't even come back to see if I wanted another drink or anything else. Did they think I had a chopped up dead body in my suitcase? Was I wearing the wrong color shirt that day? Oh well, definitely didn't feel welcomed, needless to say, didn't go back.Writing this review really bums me out because Race Street used to a favorite. You could count on a great meal and an incredible staff. I'm walking distance to them and it was the default go-to for grabbing a meal and a beer. Now I just walk past them and head up to Market.
Something has been happening at Race Street for the past few months and management needs to get their hands around it quickly before they lose their fan base. The quality of the staff has fallen through the floor and the quality of what comes out of the kitchen has done the same. Beer selection remains outstanding and is the place's only saving grace at this point. Although, with Biersube a few blocks up the street now they can't rely on that either.
This same time last year I'd have raved about them and thrown up a 5 star review without hesitation. But, 2 stars for now. I'd love to revise it at some point down the line. That's up to them though.A great place in the old city. 
I had the Southwest Turkey Burger with guacamole.  Very tasty and filling.  It came with fries but I upgraded to the sweet potato fries for a very small fee. 
They have a nice selection of beers. 
The atmosphere is very neighborly. They were busy during my visit but it didn't hinder the service.This place is garbage and it starts with the staff. I wish I could like this place (as I'm sure other Old City residents do) because it is close to home but they do nothing right. Not true, they can pour beer, but do not eat here. Wings, burger, fries, salad, all the simple things you would think most places would get right - but they don't....'Very nice pub atmosphere with low lighting, but slightly loud music. (They were perfectly willing to turn it down when we asked.) 5 of us were eating:
Chicken roulade--very tasty with a good herb crust. Came with very mild garlic mashed potatoes.
Grilled chicken sandwich--"met my expectation of a chicken sandwich at a pub" according to my sister's boyfriend. The accompanying french fries were crispy and very tasty.
Stuffed trout--my dad's choice from the specials menu; he considered it very good...so good that he ate it all before I could con him out of a bite.
Duck spring rolls--Mom made dinner out of this appetizer item, but found them rather disappointing. The duck was somewhat oily and lacked the vegetables one normally expects in spring rolls. She was glad it came with a small green salad.
Veal ravioli--my own choice from the specials menu. Tasty, with a good sauce that mopped up well with the 2 pieces of french bread that came on the plate.
Service was good and very friendly. We were offered tastings of several of the 12 microbrews they had on tap. 
BONUS: Just around the corner from the restaurant is Mr. Barstool, a bar supply store. Life-size statues of Jake & Elwood Blues, Charlie Chaplin, and Elvis were arranged outside, perfect for photographing!Terrible service, terrible food.  Had the two petite bacon wrapped filets.  One of the two petite filets was really bad.  Tasted spoiled.  I had already eaten the first, which was okay. Had I started on the bad one first, I would have immediately left.  The waiter/bartender was a bit defensive.  Had he tasted the filet, I am sure that he would have apologized. Yuck!!!!Came here for dinner last night with a group of friends, and had a great time.  It's definitely a bar scene and the music was loud (a bit too loud for my liking) but hey - this isn't fine dining, so I can't complain too much.  
I had the Quinoa Napolean, which was VERY VERY good.  It's a kind of entree I would expect at a much nicer restaurant, not at a bar.  Everyone else at the table was happy as well -- my hubby liked his veggie burger, and my friends had the chicken salad which they really liked.
For dessert, we split the bread pudding which was really yummy.
I'm taking off a star because of the terribly slow and inattentive service.  We waited 30 minutes to even get water to the table.  I think they were understaffed, but that's still not an excuse to bring water.
This is a great spot in the neighborhood and if you go there to eat, definitely order the quinoa dish!Wandering around Philly on a vacation day. Looked up burgers on Yelp and this place was close. Great choice!!  My fiancé got a burger and I had the special - shrimp po boy.  OMG. it was great!  My po boy had a crab spread with cornmeal encrusted shrimp. Yummy sauce and the bread was great! . So good! Will be back when we're in Philly.   Great atmosphere. Laid back and chill. Really liked it.Back when I was in the full throws of dating, a guy brought me to Race Street Cafe.  I don't remember his name, I don't remember much about the cafe, what I ordered, the service, etc.  Last night I hit up the same place with a friend, and though I don't remember much about the first time I was there, I had some definite déjà vu.  
For someone who drinks beer but doesn't really care what she's drinking as long as it tastes good, Race Street Cafe has a good selection.  I took my recommendation from my friend's roommate, but when they were out of the beer my friend wanted to order, the bartender was happy to suggest some similar brews and bring her some samples.
I wasn't that hungry (read: I wanted to fill my gut with beer rather than food), so I ordered the roasted duck spring rolls from the appetizer menu.  The plate came out with three good-sized, crispy, full rolls, a side of dipping sauce, and a side salad made of mixed greens, carrot, tomato and a peanutty dressing.  I loved, loved, loved it and cleared my plate of all but half of the last spring roll, which, due to the two very tall glasses of wheat beer, there was no room for.
Also at my table were the scallops special, which was served over an amazing risotto, and the spicy southwestern turkey burger, which I didn't try, but my friend loves it so much she orders it every time she goes there.
I really liked the atmosphere of Race Street Cafe.  I can see why a date would have taken me here... It's a little dark, relaxed, has a decent beer selection and great food.  If you want to prolong your date, you won't mind the fact that the service is slow; more time to make gaga eyes at each other and come up with awkward first date conversation.  However, I wasn't on a date this time, and the lack of attention is my reason for the lost star.This place is a hidden gem in Philly.  Great atmosphere and wonderful service.  Came here for brunch and what a great choice.  Started off with a mimosa...okay two of them. Followed with the Sunday Brunch with the Crab meat Frittata with tots, not from the night club last night, lol!  Really good start to the Sunday morning.
I'd love to come back here in the winter and sit by the fireplace and kickback with good food and drinks!  Service here rocks!Great choice of beer and food. The place is half bar and half tables.    The bar tenders work both.Chill, neighborhood gem. 
The menu is fresh and creative and the draft selection always has something for everyone.  They do an excellent job of offering a broad selection of draft beer - something to please any palate. As a beer lover,  I also appreciate that they always have a cask beer available. 
For food, they have hearty dishes, light dishes, and gluten free options. The Smoked Salmon Salad is great when you're looking for something light but if you're really hungry, go for the Oinker. Yeah, the food doesn't come out as fast as some places, but it's made fresh.We have completely stopped coming here for 2 years now. We banned this place! My husband was 29 years old at the time and I was 28 and we came on a Saturday night after the Phillies game. The bartender refused service and kicked us out because he thought that my husband's license was fake. We were already in there that morning with 2 of our friends for brunch, drinking bloody marys! We live around the corner and brought back our passports but the bartender said "so what?" He still refused to serve us. It was beyond embarrassing! My husband and I are locals to Old City and we used to come here once a week for over a year. We used to bring business by taking our visitors here on weekends and recommended to other locals and tourists. We also work in Old City. I've written a letter to the owner and included a photocopy of a PA license descriptions from a license/ID manual. The bartenders need a general knowledge first of ID's. We've been coming here for a year!!!! Helloooooo!!! Get to know your local customers! If we were under age, why would we come to a restaurant ambience in Old City? I'd go to a club on a Saturday night. We will NEVER go back! We will give our business to other bars whose bartenders will not insult us.What can I say?  Been here 3 times and sadly today will be last.  Stopped by after an amazing day seeing The Pope at Independence Mall.  Every time we've gone we've been served by the asian female waitress.  Just the absolute worse.  I'm not asking my server to fawn all over me but Geez, have a little personality, you're in the service industry.  On top of that she proceeds to pet a dog outside then doesn't wash her hands before serving more food!  Look, I love dogs, have been know to let mine lick my face all over but come on, you're serving food!  Shame as burgers there not bad.  Will look elsewhere.Great food, great atmosphere, great beer/wine list, but spotty service.  Its a great spot in the winter because of the fireplace, and cool in the summer.  The Crab melt was good, but our waitress seemed to ignore us and be bored with us.  Great if you are in the area!I live right around the corner from Race Street Cafe and love going. I've had all sorts of items there including their brunch menu items, lunch, dinner, and seasonal specials. They have a great rotating menu which is exciting since I go there frequently. The vibe there is my favorite part. The servers there are great too. I've had two different guys consistently who are always on top of things. Food is always hot when it comes out. Beer list is pretty extensive. The entire menu is reasonably priced. Highly recommend!Great beer and food. I would recommend their brisket- it is amazing!! I wish they had a happy hour but definitely a good spot to bring friends and enjoy a drink/meal. Like others have said it's very cozy inside! It can sometimes get crowded on the weekends but usually a nice atmosphere.Intimate, dim place. Great for dates. Ricotta gnocchi (vegetarian) was excellent. My date got the orecchiette, which was too cheesy for me and tasted a bit weird. Service was friendly but quite slow - if you don't get their attention, they'll forget about you.Went here for brunch based on a restaurant.com gift certificate. Turned out to be an awesome surprise. First, despite what the name says, its a bar, which was awesome. Not like a stupid bar, just a great little whole in the wall with tons of great beer and a nice atmosphere. (I particularly like the wood burning stove smell, not being sarcastic at all, it wasn't over bearing, and really gave the place a great feel.)
The food was unique and delicious! We started with the buffalo wings, which as a wing connoisseur, I must say were something special. They were the perfect mix of spicy and sweet. There is some ingredient in there, that I was trying to pinpoint and at one point I could have swore it was chocolate, but whatever it was, it was different and tasted great. 
Next I had the Eggs Bennedict with tater tots. THEY CAME WITH TATTER TOTS!!! I loved that, and haven't had them in forever. The Eggs Bennedict w/ steak was cooked perfectly. 
Only thing bad I have to say was the service was a little slow, but by no means bad at all. Just a couple times I could have used a new drink a little quicker. I'm definitely looking forward to heading back to this place to try dinner and possibly for going out on a weekend with a group for a nice bar.This was more like a comfortable pub than a cafe on the night I went. They have an eclectic selection of taps, but the ones I ordered were all delightful. The food was also really good. I had what they deem a Crab Melt, that was well seasoned and tastey. My lovely date for the evening had a burger, and I wish I could remember what kind it was to recommend it to you folk. At any rate it had guacamole on it, and the burger had the best spicy seasoning I've ever had on a burger. This place is great for hanging out and drinking with buds, or nice dates.Ate here for lunch after it was recommended by the friendly hotel staff while we were staying in the city for one night. Had the steak salad and was not disappointed. The steaks were cooked perfectly.  Selected a flight of brews and enjoyed them all.  The atmosphere has a great feel and I wish this cafe was in my hometown.  Do yourself a favor and try this little place out.Good beer, good food. A little cramped when you're trying to squeeze six people into a four top without pissing off management, but the food and beer makes it worth the close atmosphere. I had a pint of Bar Harbor Blueberry and the Spicy Southwestern Turkey Burger. Both were delicious, delightful, and de-lovely, the whole bit. Even the fries were amazing. Looks like a good place to get a "step above" your normal pub fare. There sandwiches are reasonably priced, the staff is attentive, and I definitely wouldn't mind going back and trying the Crab Melt that my date said was delicious!I can't say it was a great meal. not horrible, but I wouldn't go back personally.
We sat outside and the waitress kept addressing us and the table next to us at the same time (very strange). She messed up the table on the other side of us' order. Even though we had a pretty simple order I think we waited a good 30 minutes or so for our food.
My boyfriend ordered a cheeseburger plain and cheese fries, he got a cheeseburger with everything on it and plain fries (no cheese). I got blueberry pancakes - the blueberries were pretty tasteless and the middle of the pancake was uncooked.
It was fairly cheap though, so I'm not mad or anything, but I can't say I'd go back.One of my favorite places. Great food. Comfort, bar food. But better. Lots of beers to choose from and a great wine selection. It's a neighborhood bar for those who live in old city. But not an old city hang out. People from Jersey don't go here. It's adorable. The only reason I can't give it 5 stars. The service isn't the best. Sometimes it's awful.Great, hidden bar/restaurant in Old City.  The revolving specials are almost always spot-on, as is their ever-changing beer selection.   The cozy wood-burning stove and random streetlamp (inside) set a nice, chill atmosphere.  Regular menu favorites are the quinoa breakfast stack(brunch), chili, & moroccan lamb burger.
Pros: good music & atmosphere, off the beaten track (limited tourists), great beer menu & food specials
Cons: Waitstaff can be spotty, especially if you're there on a Sunday evening.nice, as bars go.  i've been there twice and never had any food, and was very pleased.  a casual atmosphere and good beer selection, with a few TVs for watching a game.So, for me, about the best thing going for the Race Street Cafe is that sometimes there are seats available at the outdoor tables, and one can relax and catch a few rays of the sun at the end of the day, with one of the many cold, delicious beverages on the menu.  And the food (we enjoyed the lamb burger and caesar salad) was more than passable.  The waitstaff, on the other hand, on that day and at that hour, was downright surly.  Whether it was simply the end of a long hard day, or the beginning of a evening shift, the waitress at times seemed to forget we were outside and when she recalled, seemed to feel it was doing us a favor to take our orders.  Race Street Cafe is not an inexpensive spot to eat, and even if it styles itself a pub - customers deserve to be treated with respect and timeliness...sorry Race Street Cafe, I'll spend my food dollars elsewhere.False advertising. Nothing like always sunny. Reaks of smoke. No food and slow service. $20 minimum for credit cards.