it is a really nice place, friendly atmosphere and food is delicious. But it is big problem with the parking we spend 30 min looking for place to parkI went here for a birthday dinner with a party of 6 and had an amazing time. Although they do not take reservations, I called on the way there to ask if they were busy and they said no. The entrance is a little weird because there is no waiting area where the hostess can seat you, just tables where people were eating so it made things a bit confusing and awkward. We had to wait around 5 minutes for our table to be set up and we were promptly seated. The restaurant is very small but has a cosy and authentic Italian feel to it.
Our waiter was very nice and knowledgable about the food and his descriptions for the specials of the day made me want everything. He literally could describe dirt and we would still eat it. I asked for any recommendations with meat sauce and he said they could prepare a bolognese sauce with linguini pasta and feta cheese which was sooooo good. 
When we were done, they came out with three huge scoops of gelato and a candle for dessert. The scoop of hazelnut was so rich in flavor and everyone fought to get a bite.  Overall, I had a great experience and this will definitely be a usual spot for us in the future!Would not have ever discovered this place if not for Yelp. I was looking for a nice Italian place to take the boyfriend for his birthday. This place is very small, cute & romantic. We went around 6PM so it was very dark with dim lights inside which gave it the romantic feel to it. Judging from some pictures, it looks like it'd be really nice to go in the morning too.
One of their walls were lined with wine corks & another from something that looks like crates. And there were even more things made from wine corks around. Really cool. The other wall was basically a giant window which allows them to use the natural light which I like.
We were very quickly seated & asked what we'd like to drink. Someone also came over & told us a few things they recommended. After order, they will bring you a basket of bread & bruschetta.
Grilled Octopus $16 appetizer/salad was good but some parts were pretty salty.
Chicken Locanda $20 "their version of chicken parmigiana" should definitely have been in the salad menu. It says on their website that it comes with a "side linguine." I didn't catch that that night but we did not get that.
Shrimp & Scallop special was about $25. The shrimp & scallop part was pretty good but the sauce tasted a bit water down & was not hot enough. They also only gave you 2 shrimps.
I think this place was cute but I don't think I'll be back. The food was not something that could compete when there are so many options. But the design of the inside was something I really enjoyed.LOVE this little place! I feel like Ive been to just about every BYO in Philadelphia, but the atmosphere, staff, and especially the FOOD at this little place are just PHENOMINAL!!  I highly recommend everything on the menu.  It's just the perfect place to sit outside with some friends, a bottle of wine, and a lot of laughter.  I cant wait to go back!What a wonderful byob italian restaurant! I went here on a Tuesday night for dinner with the boyfriend. It was such a lovely surprise. The food is wonderful, fresh and tasty. Nothing felt or tasted frozen or bagged. The service was helpful, informative, and kind, which is always a huge plus for me. The buffalo mozzarella salad was so good and way too filling for an appetizer, always always have room for your entree and dessert! The bf had mussels in red sauce, I am allergic to shellfish, but he said the sauce was heavenly. Again, too filling for an app with the bread  to dip as well. Since we were almost full with the wine, bread and apps, we ordered one entree, a special, filet with gorgonzola. The cheese was stronger than I expected but the filet was cooked very well, temperature was on point. By this time, I had decided to host my brother's upcoming birthday dinner at this place. I inquired and told them what I wanted to do and we may be 15-20 people. They gave me a pre fix menu price, I agreed then they sent over a complimentary dessert (gelato) to finish off our evening. All in all, a delicious and pleasant evening. 
A couple weeks later was my brother's birthday dinner on a Friday evening. It was crowded but they had the table ready, we had settled on 15 but 3 more showed up and they were able to accommodate quickly and smoothly. Bc it was such a large part you can only make the dinner at tail ends of their hours - either 5pm or 9pm. We opted for  the 9pm. Once we settled, they opened up our wines quickly then served the apps - It was family style - prosciutto with mozzarella, fresh and seasoned artichoke with shrimp. seasoned peppers, calamari salad (one of my faves!) an dso much more that just kept coming! Then everyone ordered off the menu for their entree then family style dessert with coffee or cappuccino, all for $45 person, with tax and tip $57. And we had all the wine we wanted to drink bc it's byo! What a great idea! I can't wait to do this for my birthday dinner. I will definitely be a return customer and I will get that calamari salad. 
Some negatives are that parking can be a bit difficult, there are pan handlers nearby and cobblestone streets.Yummers to the 'nth degree.
Pasta, why do I love thee so?  Why must you be prepared so deliciously here?  Why are you so heavy-laden with carbohydrates that I must avoid you most of the year? Why, is it that I let my guard down at Raddichio and consume you until I wipe my plate clean? Why??
Even crowded on Monday nights (a tell-tale sign that this place is not only good, it's popular), this cute corner BYOB is a neighborhood staple and along with La Locanda (a couple blocks over), it's a solid go-to choice for local italian BYO around Old City.  
Dinner progression goes like this: crusty bread, complimentary fresh bruschetta to start.  Wicked garlicky goodness of mussels followed by a favorite of mine, Penne Toto, that is liberally doused with mouth-watering prosciutto, shallots and a pink vodka cream sauce.  Get in my belly!  All their seafood is good here too, and the fish of the day is always fresh and well-prepared.  
Service is fast, sometimes rushed and a little impersonal.  Menu consists of good, standard Italian dishes except the Scallops Al Radicchio -  which are bland and the scallops are almost invisible (more white beans than anything) - skip it - and try their calamari instead.  Also, appears like frequent patrons (or family and friends of the owner?) get preferential seating and even reservations - even though the restaurant does not offer them.  I guess if you show up here in a Porsche or a Corvette Stingray, it guarantees you the first and best table in the joint.Delicious lunch! We had the amazing swordfish carpaccio, veal Marsala, and Veal and Shrimp. Everything was delicious and fresh! I ordered Tiramisu to go because I was too full which was a mistake. Their wrapping ruined the whole thing by the time I got home. Will not be getting takeout next time.Delicious! Adorable! Tons of options if you're not wanting a bowl of pasta. Officially my "go to" Italian place.I'm Italian with (I've been told) very high standards about " Italian Restairants".
True to be told....it difficult to find a place that I would honestly call good.
Well Radicchio is good!
The appetizers (or antipasti)...
The burrata is outstanding, and by burrata I mean the entire burrata, not just a little piece.
The grilled calamari (a special for that night) sorry tender and flavourful.
The main course (primo e secondo piatto)...
I ordered the special with "linguine al nero di seppia" (black ink squid linguine) with scallops and shrimps...delicious!
My friends ordered the "cotoletta" o "Milanese" (veal Milanese) well maybe not as thin as you would get it in Italy but probably the best one I had in the US! And the "Regatoni Toto" (although I would spell them R-I-Gatoni). Extremely good, tasty and light, despite the creamy sauce.
Definitely a hidden gem worth to be discovered!
PS. BYOB!!!!Love it! BYOB so that'll save you some money. I got the penne pasta with shrimp and scallops, it was delicious and came out very fast. The wait staff is very attentive and friendly. It is on a quiet block and the perfect place to eat outside on a nice nightVery loud BYOB
Had sole very good VERY EXPENSIVE over priced for what it is. Gnocchi is good. Not greatRadicchio is a cozy little Italian byob off the beaten path in Old City away from the crowds and the noise. I recently ate here for the first time in years.  For some reason I'd forgotten about Radicchio but I'm not sure why! The food is very good and the atmosphere is cute.  They don't take reservations but my party of 4 had no problem getting a table on Friday night. We opted to sit outside and Radicchio is a great place to do so.  It's nice & quiet and unlike many street level outdoor dining spots in Philly, there is no sewage smell wafting over to your table while you eat.
They start you out with some yummy complimentary bruschetta.  I went for the grilled calamari app (simple, fresh & tasty) and the decadent lobster ravioli special. I sampled my friends' apps & pasta and they were all delicious. Unfortunately we were all too full for dessert but I'm sure I'll be back!I LOVE RADICCHIO! This place is seriously awesome. Adorable location, great outdoor seating next to a cobblestone road, amazing food, and really sweet waiters. 
The arugula salad that is sometimes on special is enough to make me salivate... and I'm not a huge fan of salads.
Penne toto (which I believe is Rigatoni Toto on their newer menu) took me a long time to get over. I rarely order the same thing over and over again at a restaurant, but I probably ordered this the first 3 times I was there. 
I almost didn't post a review on this place since I kinda want to keep it my own little secret :) but the staff is so wonderful and the food is so delicious that they deserve the comments.Dinner was fantastic. Also, the service was very good. Comfortable atmosphere and a BYOB. We will be coming back again!LOVE this place!!! One of my absolute faves! You wake up Craving their food the next day, almost as if they put crack in it! Haha I kid, I kid! Cute lil' BYOB, good for catching up with a couple of friends or a good first date spot. It's tiny so if you go during busy dinner hours, expect to wait a lil' bit, however it's totally worth it!
Can't wait to go back!!!Favorite Italian byob in the city. I've been coming here for years and it consistently impresses me . The service is too notch and has a cute cozy ambiance. Make sure you order the grilled calamari as an app and try the pink sauce w your pasta . Amazing!I had dinner here on a week night, and the food was pretty good, but when it came time for coffee and dessert....they bombed. The creamer I poured in my coffee was lowfat milk. When I asked for half and half, waiter said, "We don't have any." This is a pretty nice restaurant, so I was rather surprised at that. They could have sent someone out to Wawa to pick up a quart. As for dessert, our option was "cheesecake." Could we order something different?
"No. We only have cheesecake."One of our favorite BYOB restaurant in the city! Always satisfied with the service, food, and atmosphere here. You have to try the langoustine if it's available. On that night it wasn't :( Radicchio is a small indoor and outdoor restaurant. Its first come first serve. No reservations are taken.
Our food was amazing. We ordered the Squid and octopus combination along with the Broccoli rabe and sausage for appetizers. For our entrees, we had the lamb and Lobster Ravioli. Everything was delicious and the staff was amazing.This place doesn't take reservations, so our group of 4 had to arrive early, put our names in, find something to do for a while, and then return to wait to be seated. This was a little inconvenient because there is no place to actually wait to be seated, as the inside is small and packed. The restaurant consisted of one small dining room tables all around, so it was pretty packed, with a lot of patrons being very close together. However, despite the hectic and crowded nature of the room, the service was great and our waiter was very attentive. This is a BYO, so that is also definitely a plus. The menu itself seemed a little plain, but the food tasted great. I highly recommend the Calamari/Octopus Appetizer!Wow! I went this past saturday night with 8 girls.... We ordered their specials and entrees from the menu. EVERYTHING was amazing. I actually told the server I was undecided, but i knew i wanted some pasta with a red sauce and seafood. They made me a special dish... and it ended up being theeeee absolute best!!!Easily the best byob in the city. No reservations but awesome service! fun fact: they DO take reservations on valentines day but you're packed in like sardines. enjoy this awesome place on a nice day and sit outsideBest italian food ever! Service is always fantastic, polite and fast. The menu is large and there are many options. We always bring our own wine and beer and they are happy to open these for us. The ambiance inside is calm and peaceful and it is a very nice restaurant. Their bruschetta is AMAZING, and so is their eggplant parmesan. If you are a vegetarian they can make a vegetarian pasta for you. I asked if they could use the whole wheat fettuccine and just through in some vegetables and they threw in a lot of fresh vegetables with the house made tomato sauce. I was very pleased and satisfied. Some of the best pasta I have ever had (definitely the best sauce). My aunt and uncle always order the fish of the day that is shared between two, and they love it. My mother orders seafood, and loves it as well. There is a dish for everyone, no matter what your preference is. Their gelato is fantastic, too. I highly recommend this restaurant, and anything on the menu will blow you away.Disclaimer: I'm writing this review based on memory since it's been about a year since I went. 
It's a smaller BYO place so be mindful of how many people you have in your party. We went as a group of 6 and that's about the biggest sized party I saw there that night. This would be a great place for a date or double date. 
I'm pretty sure I got a seafood pasta dish and while the sauce wasn't amazing, the pasta was al dente and the seafood was fresh. The bruchetta was also tasty and refreshing to start as an appetizer. 
As you can see from some of the pictures, the portions aren't that large as I've seen in other Italian restaurants. I'll have to go again to try other dishes and have a better review. On the brighter side, at least I don't remember it for being a bad place!Just got back from here and I really wanted to dig this place based on the reviews but left a little underwhelmed. First off, they only take cash(what year is it?). Know this before going, because you'll have to hike a couple blocks to an ATM to get cash. 
The inside of Radicchio is actual pretty nice. Wish I went here on a date because the forced romantic tiny tables squeezed together action going on here made it a little uncomfortable for myself and my buddy. Oh well. 
We split the Caesar salad, which was just OK. The dressing was a little too strong, and I felt it was missing some sort of crouton action. The bread we were served was also just OK, didn't taste like it was made in house, and the olive oil that it was served with tasted like it had been out for some time. Not rancid, but definitely not fresh. 
I had the Rigatoni Toto, and while the sauce was pretty good, the rigatoni was a little undercooked and tasted like the cheap shit you buy in the stores. My homeskillet across from me had the Pacheri Al Telefono, and that dish had the homemade rigatoni, so I guess in hindsight I should've ordered that but I don't see why if they are making handmade rigatoni at Raddichio they aren't using it for every dish with rigatoni. But again, the sauce was pretty tasty, enough so to warrant 3 stars. Perhaps with some different options this would have been a 4-5 star experience but tonight, for me, it fell short.This place is as good as it gets, food wise! It is a BYOB which is always a great option in the city. We have only been once, but, the food was that great! The service was prompt and efficient. You can tell that a lot of the staff are all authentic Italian. It has an intimate setting, they do a great job with a small space. I would recommend this place to anyone visiting old city. It truly is a hidden gem!How can so many people have such bad taste? The food here (and at Sottos) was terrible! The macaroni came from a box, was chewy and was undercooked, the broccoli rabbe was also undercooked making it difficult to swallow. The entire meal was difficult to swallow.
And as a last insult, the do not accept credit cards. WTH! What kind of place doesn't accept credit cards? And WHY don't they take them? Seems shady.We were looking for an Italian place, and someone recommended this restaurant. Being in North Liberties, I thought it would be excellent. The atmosphere is amazing, and the Italian waiters really add to the experience. BUT the food was not tasty. I should have gotten two orders of the bruschetta and skipped the entrée.If you live in the area count yourself lucky, however if you aren't within easy walking distance, there are better options for BYO Italian restaurants.  The restaurant was a cozy BYO with good service, but compared to some of the restaurants in the Italian Market, the food was only ok.  If I could, it would be a 3.5 star review, but the food just doesn't warrent a 4 star restaurant. as it was a little bland.I knock a star off the venue for one reason: staff.  Our server was kind and efficient, but the rest of the staff seemed a bit stuffy for my liking. I will admit that as a past server myself, I am incredibly picky about how customers are treated. That being said, it was my only complaint about the place. 
Our meal here was remarkable. I had a pasta dish with prosciutto and pink sauce (a really classic vodka and cream), the beet salad, and the grilled calamari. All three things were amazing, and the meal was perfectly fresh. 
The set up was quaint, calm and reminiscent of a little Italian cafe. We discovered that it is byob (after we had already arrived, dammit), and plan to go back with our own cab of choice next time.An amazing find in the middle of historic Philadelphia.
Started with Italian sausage with broccoli rabe - incredible -followed by veal Milanese - a perfectly cooked veal chop - one of the best I ever had.
The place is BYOB and there are no stores nearby - so don't forget the wine ......
5 stars for the food, three for the BYOB - and a solid four for the atmosphere- highly recommended !One of the best BYOB's in Philadelphia.  Great italian food and really good service at a really fair price.Lobster ravioli.....still drooling over them!
We were looking for a BYOB Italian spot for a Saturday night double date. Of course, we waited until the last minute to make these plans and actually pick a spot, but the mouth watering reviews led us to Radicchio Cafe. We decided to go around 9:15ish in hopes of missing the rush - and it worked!
We were seated as soon as we walked in - our server took our coats and hung them and proceeded to open, pour, and ice our wine. When all of us were seated, he went over the specials and I was thrilled to hear that my weakness, lobster ravioli, was being made! We decided on 2 apps, ordered and enjoyed our wine while we waited.
The one thing that struck me as odd was the lack of butter, pesto, or an olive oil mixture being offered with the bread that was brought out. Granted, there was oil on the table and I promptly mixed up my own yummy dipping plate, but that little fact did stick with me.
We chose the grilled calamari and the buffalo mozzarella (on the advice of the reviews) for our apps. I was actually slightly disappointed with the mozz dish - it lacked flavor and seasoning. The calamari was perfectly cooked and I loved the capers that went along with it.
Three out of the four of us ordered the lobster ravioli while the last ordered a similar dish. All four of us were satisfied - one of the gentlemen at the table was worried about portion size (he can eat!) but was happy with what he was served. To top off the ravioli, they added shrimp and scallops to a tasty cream sauce - perfect compliment! 
We could've done without the mozzarella, but I could definitely see a return to Radicchio in the future!Yes, yes, yes. Such a great little spot. BYOB with great ambiance for date nights and even better food. Consistent quality and service. Outdoor seating available in the summer. Been there a few times and will certainly be back.There are so many reasons to love this place.  I made reservations for New Year's Eve for the last reservation of the night - 9:30, well in advance.  I tweaked it a few times - for 14 people, originally and ended up a party of ten.  I called each time with an update and they were very kind and accommodating about the changes.  
A BYOB establishment, all of my friends and, some out-of-towners, relied on me to choose the venue.  We showed up in the freezing cold at the time of the reservation after some pre-gaming at a downtown hotel.  It was packed and the size of it was, shall we say 'cozy'?  The vibe in the place was so festive - colored lights draped lovingly, large parties of people drinking and singing, bus boys and waiters buzzing.  My friends and I hung out in the tiny entrance vestibule or huddled under the heat lamp and drooled at the pleasant aromas coming from inside. 
No one was moving from their parties and who could blame them?  I inquired with the owner/host who was already on top of trying to figure on how to get a party of ten situated.  In a hot minute, the staff concocted a table along the large window on the side almost out of nothing.  They had the table set and us seated in about 10 minutes.  
As a courtesy for the wait, they sent out plate after plate of appetizers (on the house) and started popping bottles of our wine.  It was a bit tight but no one seemed to mind as the food was brilliant - bruschetta, sausage with broccoli rabe, mozzarella and prosciutto with roasted red peppers, grilled octopus and lots of fresh bread.  The service was quick and steady and everyone ordered and sampled a little of everyone's plate.  Everything was impeccably presented and simple, yet delicious.  I had rigatoni vodka which was fabulous.  I tasted some steak that melted in my mouth.  I had only a small taste of the tiramisu since I was so full - perfection.  
The bill was reasonable, as are most BYOBs but the menu prices, you will see are modest for the quality, portions and freshness.
I had to write a review to give them mad props for food, service, decor AND convenience as we stumbled out of there and within a block or two were able to take in the fireworks on the river for the new year.  I somehow came out a hero that night for choosing such a great place for a meeting of friends. Everyone mentioned how much they enjoyed it.  I know I will be back since everything came out roses on a crowded holiday evening.  I am certain that it would be even more enjoyable when not so hectic.  
Just for the food alone, five stars.  Six stars for the chefs & staff at  Radicchio who really did everything to ensure a most enjoyable dining experience.Radicchio Cafe is a must go! Their food is very tasty and I love when owners ask you how the food is rather than just a waiter/waitress. The owner is a very nice man with a thick Italian accent. He greets you when you walk in and says goodbye as you leave, sometimes he even brings your food. I ordered their seafood served with penne and red sauce. The food had the perfect amount of seasoning in it!
the atmosphere of the place is very romantic and relaxed. the lights are dimmed and candles are lite but thats just at night time. I'll will have to come back for lunch and see what that is like. the only reason i did not give radicchio 5 stars was that the seats are too close together. I don't want to hear my neighbors conversation or bump elbows with them either. This cafe is very small but it is still worth the trip!Wow this place was great.  Great atmosphere, service and food.  We ordered the lobster raviolis and dover sole, both specials...and yes, they were very very special.  I was scared of the raviolis because they can totally suck with too much dough and too little filling.  When it was served in front of me I stared for a good 3 minutes at the beauty.  The dish came with scallops and shrimp in a lovely blush sauce.  Babe got the fish...which came out whole on a silver platter..fannncy..then they took it in the back and chopped off the head and tail and brought out slices of perfectly cut fish.  
Our server was helpful and adorable and being a BYOB, it really comes in handy because the dishes fall in the $20 range.  
One of the best  places I have been to in Philadelphia here and I am planning on taking my picky Italian mom and dad for their anniversary.  If they do not like it, we might have to break off communication for a while because I know this place is totally awesome.  mmm.I love Radicchio. Amazing staff, cozy ambiance and delicious Italian cuisine.
Due to it's quaint size, they do not take reservations. Therefore, I prefer to come here during the warmer months when they have outdoor seating.  They will also gladly pass out wine glasses while you wait so you can crack open your wine (BYOB, FYI) and take a seat outside.
I've had a number of entrees here before, but most recently enjoyed the Linguine tre Colori, served with fat shrimp, chopped asparagus and roasted red pepper. Deliciousness. 
Due to it's cornered off location in Old City, I think it receives less press than a lot of the other Center City BYOB's, but it's a favorite for me by far.Awesome spot with great service. Get the broccoli rade n sausage appetizer you wont be disappointed!! Also the chicken parm was off the hook !Perfect. I brought a big table of thirteen for my graduation dinner. Everyone RAVED about the food (myself included, and I'm a big food snob). Lovely ambiance with attentive service. Wish it was in our neighborhood, we'd be there all the time! Thank you for a wonderful meal.Consistently friendly service and yummy food. If you're in the mood for traditional Italian fare and to byob, this is one of the best in the city. One night we were there and the power went out and they kept cooking somehow and fed everyone by candlelight!Haven't been back to this place in many many years. Decided to go for dinner and ended up coming back the next day for lunch as well. Forgot how good this local spot is. You're looking for Italian food in the old city area this is definitely the spot to go to.Byob Yummy italian and not as ridiculously expensive as the rest of the good italian in philly. The Penne foto could be my last meal....Radicchio Cafe was amazing...one of the best meals I've had in Philadelphia. We went in for my birthday with a group of 7 and the service was fantastic. They allowed me to make a reservation (I assume because it was a large group and a Monday night). Our water glasses were never empty and the servers were friendly and attentive. The food was absolutely amazing - their marinara was probably the best I've ever had! The sauce on the squid ink pasta with seafood special was delicious, but I wasn't overly impressed by the seafood itself (pretty overcooked). But overall, we had an amazing experience and I can't wait to go back!Great find and info from yelpers.
tucked away in a place you wouldnt expect a nice, small, cosy
rustic kind of restaurant, with waiters who are Italian.
the tables are small and this would be a great place for a date....
the walls are filled with corks.  the owner was generous and they dont take reservations, but we got a table in 5 minutes at 8pm on a satruday night.  the place was filled and rightly so, its a good find and my friend really loved the place and the food.
service was prompt, they gave us complimentary bruschetta and biscotti at the end of the meal.  we ordered two pasta dishes that were fresh and filling and I had no room for dessert which is a first
waiter was probably thinking we wouldnt tip well b/c we didnt order wine or an appetizer, but we were kind, nevertheless....
definitely a place to keep to yourself....A few years ago I probably would have given Radicchio's a 5, but on the last visit the service was so terrible that I have to knock it down to a 3.  I could continue to rant, but it just seemed like the server was completely disinterested in his job.  
All that aside, the food is excellent.  My go-to is the Capellini Positano.  A great mix ofangel hair pasta with jumbo lump crabmeat, oil, garlic, arugola and fresh tomatoes.  You really can't beat it.  We generally go with the warm buffalo mozzarella appetizer as well.
Word to the wise is that this place is small and they do not take reservations.  Plan on getting there early or later in the evening and still plan on waiting.  Plan on hunting for parking if you are driving over this way.  It's also BYO.Aside from the rain, this night couldn't have been more perfect.  Radicchio Cafe is a diamond in the rough.  After calling around on the Saturday night that we were in Philadelphia to see if we could find a table somewhere and not having any luck we went to the one Italian restaurant that didn't require a reservation and ended up getting a table within 5 minutes of walking in the door.  Some things are meant to be.
Sue's sister (who lives in Philadelphia) had been here before and really enjoyed it.  I love that this place was very not pretentious.  Very old school Italian vibe coming from this place.  Something that I don't get out of Italian restaurants in Portland and something that I miss very much from my time growing up and living on the east coast.
Upon sitting our server came over to tell us about the specials of the evening.   There were a bunch.  After that another gentleman came over and opened one of the bottles of wine we brought.  It is BYOB here.
We started out with an order of calamari from the specials and the Beets Salad ($12). 
Red and yellow fresh beets, caramelized walnuts, onions, goat cheese, fresh mints in a house vinaigrette.  Beet salad is fairly easy, but when it works it works really well.  This one worked really well.  The calamari was a bit different too as it wasn't your usual fried variety.  Good start to the meal.
For our main, Sue and I split Pappardelle with seafood that was also on their specials menu.  They were super kind enough to split the dish for us back in the kitchen.  These are the little things that make a meal that much better.  This was stocked with scallops, shrimp and other goodies.  It has been a few days since this meal so I don't remember everything that was in it.
For dessert we had a creme brulee cheesecake which was unbelievable.  Not too sweet.  Not too heavy.  What an ending to this dinner.
I am going to remember this one for a long time.Aside from excellent food, the service is great.  The waiters really take care of you and go out of their way to make sure your experience is great.  The specials are always the best option and the grilled calamari.Authentic Italian Eatery. We started out with the grilled calamari which was tantalizing to the palet. It had great taste and they gave you a large amount for the value of the dollar. I had the Lobster Ravioli and it also had a great taste. The restaurant is located in Olde City Philadelphia and it has a great atmosphere. If you like a loud restaurant and close dinning with your fellow "restaurant guest" this is a great place to go. The service was great and will definitely be revisited in the near future.Also the restaurant is a BYOB so bring a great bottle of wine.What a lovely little place!  My friend swears that on a slightly less crowded night, it can be very romantic - my experience was definitely more lively than romantic, but no complaints to that.  My friend is a semi-regular, so I took her word for it and met her here at 7pm on a Thursday.  It was busy - every table was filled, and there was a group waiting ahead of us (they don't take reservations), but we put our name in anyway and retreated to the storm door area, which was furnished with a stand heater - such an appreciated and memorable touch to combat the below-freezing temps.  We waited just 5 minutes before the nice man poked his head outside and told us he had a table ready.  
The service was great - our waiter knew the menu inside & out and was just the right amount of friendly, chatting up my friend about their shared love for and knowledge of fancy cheeses.
It's BYO - we brought champagne, as that was the only thing we had readily available, and our waiter immediately brought out a stand and starting chilling it with lots of ice, cold water, and salt - smart, efficient, and attentive.  He back in a flash with pre-chilled champagne glasses, too - impressive.
The atmosphere is bright, slightly rustic, inviting, warm.  Tables are a little close together and chatter fills the room (some of the reasons why I didn't get the romantic vibe) but we were completely comfortable and could carry on conversation across the table with no problem.
Their menu is what I consider an awesome balance of innovative and classic.  We started with the ricchi e poveri salad, which is asparagus, shrimp, and cannelloni beans - an unexpectedly perfect combination of flavors - and grilled calamari with arugula and capers, one of the specials that night - delicious and cooked well (not overcooked as so many places do).  We split another of the specials for our entree - homemade squid ink pasta with mushrooms, spicy tomatoes, scallops, and shrimp.  The squid ink gave the pasta a little twist, and the spiciness of the tomatoes gave it a little kick.  
I absolutely loved everything we ate, and I would come back in a heartbeat.Best lobster raviolis I have ever had. Service was impeccable. Servers were attentive but not overbearing. The red sauce got the mussels was incredible!Bad, highly overpriced food and uncaring wait staff.  Absolutely the worst Italian food of my life.  Maybe we had bad luck going on a Monday night, but the whole meal  (including the "fresh" sole)  tasted like it was microwaved after sitting in the freezer for a year.First, thank you to my friends. They raved about this place before I moved to Philadelphia. Next, I thought it safe to check with yelp. Thank you as well.
I was more than impressed with this place. It was Italian, but not the typical dishes you expect. I'll go to Ralph's for veal parmesan or spaghetti bolognese, but the menu is a bit more interesting here. And it's a BYOB.
The wife and I split the mussels for an appetizer and both ordered pasta dishes with seafood. The taste was fresh. The pink cream sauce on the farfalle delizia was incredibly rich. The farfalle positano was light, letting the natural flavor of the food (especially the crab meat) come through.
The service wasn't super-speedy, but they were rather busy (on a weeknight, that's a good thing to see - it says something). And honestly, I never sit down for Italian when I'm in a hurry; it's just not right!
I only give 5 stars to restaurants that I've frequented more than just once or twice, but I'd love to see a repeat performance. If I do, I will gladly return with a 5-star rating!
PS: Please, please, please don't bring your kids! Give us a break at least once!Not only does this place have the best sauce I have ever tasted (The Farfalle Delizia), it is one of the most romantic restaurants you can go to.  Old Italian couples will sit right next to you and you will hear them speaking Italian as you request for more bread from your waiter to soak up every bit of the garlic broth that comes with mussels.  The service is amazing and the price is just right.  There is no better Italian BYO in the city for the price and the ambiance is unbeatableThe worst costumer service ever, rude server, he was rushing me the whole time, I'm never coming back, the food was decent but because of the service I won't come back!Came with a group with out of town guests.  This BYOB restaurant is cozy with a great vibe.  The service was attentive and the food fresh and delicious.  The Halibut I had was perfectly cooked and great flavor also.  The Octopus App was an adventure for most of us.  It was exquisite.  
Everyone enjoyed their entree and the shared apps.  Will definitely go back.Went here for my boyfriend's birthday dinner with his mom and grandparents. As soon as we walked through the door we were greeted by a very nice and helpful waiter. The service throughout was great! So helpful and attentive. And the food was soooo good. I lived in Rome for 4 months so I am a bit of a harsh judge of pasta, but this was the real deal. I got the Rigatoni Toto which was amazing, and everyone else seemed pleased with their dishes as well. I would definitely go again.An absolute gem!!! I love love love this place. AMAZING FOOD...WONDERFUL SERVICE....and its so cute and cozy inside. One of my favorites!I was pretty smitten with dinner at Radicchio Cafe. I dined with a group of six for a birthday and we tried a lot of food, all of it eliciting raves from the table.  My husband and I are vegetarian and they happily accepted changes to our orders.  Their tomato sauce is already veg so nixing the meat on most entrees will immediately transform it into veggie goodness.  I opted for a chicken and broccoli cavatelli sans chicken, with mushrooms.  Everyone at the table coveted my meal.  Bread and a plate of bruschetta were complimentary and the appetizers were generous portions, as were the entrees.  They had a ton of special additions to their menu and they were delicious.  If you can get your mouth on the smoked mozzarella, mushroom and balsamic reduction do it!  It's byo and they don't take reservations.  We waited about half an hour for a six top to open, which didn't seem terrible to me at 8:30 on a Saturday night.  2 salads, 4 apps, 6 entrees and 4 coffee drinks set us back a mere $203.  They were also kind enough to bring out a birthday cake we brought, candle lit and then slice and serve it to us.  The service was a little slow, but in a good laid back way, not in an annoying way.  
Oh and we just happened to sit at a table inches from Chase Utley. So you know, we had that going for us, which was nice.My family of 6 visited Radicchio Cafe on vacation in Philly and were only moderately happy.  The service was good, they put two outside tables together for us and our water was very friendly and knew the specials down pat.  For the first course we ordered arugula salad with toasted pine nuts, warm goat cheese and balsamic vinagrette, a bruschetta with mozzerella and proscuitto, and fried calamari, all of which were excellent-- tasty and fresh.  But the entrees were not impressive.  My "chicken soprano" had almost no flavor, my brother's pasta with "arrabiatta" sauce was hardly spicy and my other brother got bad mussels, but one was so bad tasting that he was afraid to eat the rest of them.  For the prices I expected more.  If you go here, order appetizers.Radicchio is a small Italian BYO with fresh pastas and seafood that doesn't take reservations. I finally visited last week and it did not disappoint. Our group ordered the beef carpaccio special and the grilled octopus to start and the gnocchi and branzino for my main course. The carpaccio was thinly sliced tender beef topped with arugula, capers and shaved parmesan cheese, very flavorful and the parmesan was out of this world - delicious. The octopus was grilled and served with arugula, capers, tomatoes and olives - it was tender and grilled perfectly - portion size was good as well.
I cannot seem to stray away from ordering branzino if it's on the menu, the branzino was cooked perfectly and extremely fresh, my only complaint was with the plating - too much olive oil was poured and this overpowered the mild flavor of the branzino. Though I am not sure the gnocchi is hand made in house (appears to be the kind you can buy in the supermarket), the tomato sauce served on the pasta was AMAZING. Truly, this tomato sauce is the best I've ever eaten. I am not sure if there is nicotine or crack in the sauce, but I would put this on anything and I instantly became a fat kid and used the remaining bread from the basket to soak up the awesome sauce.
I was too full to try desserts, but they looked amazing. The restaurant itself is a cute neighborhood place where I imagine regulars are treated like family. While there I noticed that Sotto (in my neighborhood) is under the same ownership, which made sense given the similar menu items. Sotto is delicious as well and given it is only 3 blocks from my apartment, it is the only reason I won't be frequently visiting Radicchio.Radicchio Cafe is amazing. It is a bit far away from Rittenhouse Square and the city center but it is worth the trek. The food is fresh and delicious and everything is made in-house. Their menu is a bit limited but they often have specials which make up for this. Get a fresh fish and their spaghetti - you won't regret it!Went here last night with a few coworkers and enjoyed my dinner very much.  The place is small and can get loud, but our food was served quickly and hot. I had the buffalo mozzarella appetizer which was awesome and a fettuccine meatball dish which was good, I just prefer maybe more meatballs? But it was very good and I left satisfied but not over stuffed. Will definitely be back!Eggplant parm appetizer so tender and subtle, mmm! Beet salad w/goat cheese. Appealing and savory tomato sauce. Spaghetti cooked perfectly al-dente. It can feel cramped or cozy, depending on your mood, but the wait is rarely long (no reservations). Bring a great bottle of wine with you.tried radicchio cafe for the 1st time.  food was solid and service was good.  byob is always a plus.  cozy place with a relaxing vibe...Ok, this is my first review, so take it how you please. However, I frequently visit the best of the best - from restaurants to hotels - and thoroughly enjoy a great service and product. Here's my take on Radicchio....
We started off with the Buffalo Mozzarella. It was quite tasty, but the tomatoes were not salted, or at least I could not taste a trace of salt. Culinary rule #1, use salt. Especially tomatoes. Season every individual part of the meal. Regardless, the tomatoes were room temperature and that was pleasing. I'd give this a 6 out of 10; I just ate at Osteria del Cinghiale Bianco in Firenze, Italy, and that Buffalo Mozzarella was a 10/10. 
Entre #1: Gnocchi Al Pomodoro. Yikes. This fell flat on every aspect. The gnocchi was so dense and potato like. Heavy, filling and kind of grainy. Not pleasant on the palette. Also, their 'famous homemade tomatoes sauce' was severely lacking. Again, SALT! Please, chef, introduce salt to your tomatoes. This is Italian cooking. Highlight the simplicity of the ingredients by adding some salt. Tomatoes especially (Again). Salt, Salt, Salt. I also had tomato skins running throughout. Again, not pleasant on the palette. I'd give this a 2 out of 10; I can make a much better product at home.
Entre #2: Fusilli Toto. Best dish we had at Radicchio. Finally, we had some salt; we could begin to taste the ingredients. The scallops were cooked perfectly, and just melted in our mouth. The sauce was a solid 7 out of 10, and the pasta was cooked well. My only complaint was that the shrimp were overcooked, which is usually the case in most restaurants. Since this is a pasta dish, the shrimp will continue to cook in the (hot) sauce, so undercook those suckers! I'd give this a 6.5 out of 10.
Entre #3: Chicken Sorrentina. This was, ok. Not bad, not great, but passable. The chicken was a hair too dry (Go to A Mano and order their Chicken Milanese - so moist that it's to die for), though it was perfectly crispy. Again, the sauce. PLEASE, for the sake of Italian cooking, PLEASE, recreate your sauce. It's quite bad. Seriously. I'd give this a 6 out of 10.
Maybe I had an off night? Regardless, I was given what I was given. Would I go back or recommend them? Not a chance. I seriously have a love affair with A Mano, and I have yet to find an Italian restaurant I love as much. Vetri, you're great and all, but balance. Balance your tasting - it's too heavy. 
So, there you have it. An unbiased review given by a new guy to yelp, but a guy well-traveled. 
Side note: I think Cindy is bit critical/ignorant when she states "This is a white trash 'Fancy Night Out' restaurant." However, in some respects, she is right. This place is nothing fancy. Too many other great spots to go in Philadelphia.
Good luck, Radicchio!Fresh, byob and delicious!!!  Get the pasta if you go, that is what they do best.  Parking in this area isn't the best but worth the visit.Great Italian BYOB with delicious pastas and appetizers. Fairly priced. Go for the calimari app and orrechiette with chicken and broccoli. Decent cannolis as well. Winning spot for a date or family dinner.Simply put, my favorite BYOB in the city.  Consistently excellent food at unbeatable prices.Best Italian in Olde City and one of the best lunches in the city. Everything is fresh and excellent prices and portions. If it's nice out sit outside. Not a spaghetti and meatball place so if u like Olive Garden, this isn't ur place. If you want authentic Italian, this is one of the best!!I absolutely loved this place. Granted I only just came here for the first time. 
The place is a tiny byob. There is not much room for the servers to maneuver, or hang out if you have to wait to be seated, but the food was delicious and the staff friendly and accomodating. 
My family and I shared a few appetizers. Grilled octopus, grilled calamari, and ricci e poveri, all of which were delicious. The seafood was cooked just right and not overdone or rubbery. 
For our entrées we selected to share lobster ravioli and branzino. The lobster ravioli actually had lobster in it. Many other places just put a seafood based sauce over it. The branzino was light and flavorful and accompanied by vegetables. This was a nice contrast to the heavier ravioli. They cook the whole fish and give you the option of filleting it for you or doing it yourself. 
For dessert I recommend the limoncello sorbet. It was a refreshing way to end the meal!We are are loyal customers of Radicchio for many years. However after dining there last night we realized that the quality of the cuisine which Radicchio was know in the past is slowly slipping away.
The Eggplant Parmigiana was nothing than deep fried and greasy eggplant with overheated tons of mozzarella slapped on top of it. Their Chicken Sorrentino was heavily fried chicken breast , totally dry with some melted Parmigiana on top , sloppily prepared and equally sloppily presented.The place was overcrowded with customers crammed in to the point that I was constantly hit by rushing waiters who simply did not care hitting my chair and /or table over and over again , most of the time not even being aware of this or apologizing. The only redeeming dish was still the Grilled Octopus despite the fact that they removed the Garbanzo Beans from it. It is still excellent! This used to be a fine dining place , it really became an eatery.
The owners of Radicchio must decide how they want to proceed before its loyal customers will be slowly abandoning  the place hoping to find  another Bistro Julianna again....Hands down this is my favorite Italian spot in Philly. Absolutely loved the food. The staff there are very nice and they are very accommodating! 10/5 for this place!My fiance and I visit Radicchio at least once a month.  Delicious food and excellent service.  My absolute favorite dish in the city is their grilled calamari...mmmmm!!!  I highly recommend!!  Only downside is they don't accept reservations.  It is a pretty small place and gets filled quickly (because its great!) so you  may have to wait a bit...but..its worth the wait!An old favorite has gone downhill.
Terrible mussels, dry fish, ok pasta.
We used to love this byoI spent one summer working in Philadelphia and are here 4 times. When I get a taste for Italian, I semi-convince myself to do the 9 hour drive from Detroit to Radicchio just for their penne with blush sauce and crab. 
I mean, I am still dreaming about their amazing food, friendly staff, and romantic charm 2 years later. Please don't tell me you live in Philly and pass up the chance to dine here regularly!! 
As stated, I ordered off the menu (thanks to a Yelp tip!).... I ordered a penne paste with crab dreamily blended with a creamy, delicately rich blush sauce.  The crab added a sweet taste and creamy texture alongside properly prepared al dente pasta. Highly recommended. 
I cannot remember exactly what other meals I had here but what I do know is everything I ate during my visits was prepared properly and exceptionally. Nothing I ate was simply ok-- everything was enough to rave about and hands were flying between my plate and my guests. Food was served with friendliness and care and I could expect an intimate dining experience with a friendly buzz surrounding our table.This is a bit of a hike from the main downtown area, but there is plentiful street parking, even if you may have to circle a little bit.  They also don't take reservations, so unless you time it just right, you may have to wait a little bit for a table as well.  
Food wise - this was some of the best food I have had at a restaurant in a while.  We started with a calamari/octopus special, both of which were the best calamari/octopus I think I have ever had.  Main dish was lamb chops, which, although slightly overcooked (medium well instead of medium rare), but it actually wasn't dry or chewy.  Flavor was great.  A lot of choices for the menu, and the specials also sounded delicious. 
It is a BYOB, which allows you to a) save on the bill, and b) drink what you want with your meal.  
I know there are a lot of good places to eat in Philly, but I would absolutely come back here for another great meal!I just moved to Philly from the suburbs and was worried about finding a small Italian place that would still have a home-y feel, especially in Old City. Raddicchio Cafe came pretty darn close to my all time favorite Italian restaurant, Bona Cucina (in Upper Darby, PA... amazing). 
The food is delicious (I ate off of everyone's plates to check hehe). I had the buffalo mozzarella as an app and a special for my entree that I sadly can't remember the name of right now. Food portions are sizeable so I took a doggie bag home (best part of Italian restaurants). 
The staff is friendly, amusing, and attentive. We kind of stumbled upon this place while wandering so we sadly didn't bring a bottle of wine (it's BYO), but the waiter told us not to worry and brought a bottle out for us. With customer service like that, I'm sure to return!A great BYO! I hosted my husband's surprise birthday dinner at Radiccio's. The manager was amazing help prior to the day and accommodated our table of 16. Food was delicious and staff was great!Had the Tiramisu a few months ago and am now ever disappointed in any other restaurants'. Thanks Riddicchio Cafe.
*Haven't actually had a meal here yet, but I am sure its wonderful
The Four stars goes purely to our desert, service and atmosphere*Scrumptious BYO locates away from the typical hustle and bustle of the City of (not so) Brotherly Love! We waited about 20 mins for a table, but boy oh boy, it was worth it!! The menu is extensive and thoughtful, with every item looking more inviting than the last! I would give this place a 10/10 on ambiance - it was busy and fun but not too loud. I heard this is where Tony Soprano used to eat whenever he visited Philly!