Went here with my boyfriend and we loved it!
Old school feeling, with 3 floors!!
We have been here twice, and each time was great!
The food was amazing, I got the veal since it had been recommended to me, as well as the clams casino, mussles, pasta with oil and garlic, and the home-made garlic bread. Staff was nice and helpful!
...Went here again recently while in the area and had this new dish of gnocchi with gorgonzola sauce in it, and it was delicious!!!!! My new favorite dish as this place. 
MUST EAT!!!I have been told by numerous native philadelphians that Ralph's is one of the best Italian restaurants in the city and is a must to experience. We did not think so. We started off with a grilled calamari appetizer that was soaked in salty red sauce. The amount of sauce overwhelmed the palate to the point where we couldn't even taste the calamari. I got the pasta bolognese with filet mignon tips. Again, the red sauce was very salty. The filet mignon tips was really just average quality beef. My wife ordered the black lobster ravioli which were decent but overly salty. We expected much more from the oldest Italian restaurant in the country.This place was phenomenal. The food I must say was some of the best Italian food I've ever eaten. I also unfortunately have a broken cap on my front tooth ( ugh) so I had to order something that was soft and good for a tooth problem. The flavors screamed old world Italian and kids/adults were very happy with their meals. I had a pesto sauce on a long thin noodle - cooked to perfection. There was chicken parm at the table and it was not overly fried- very tender and flavorful.  This is A+.Came to visit my daughter and we had dinner tonight.  I had been here before but my husband had not. We were looking at reviews and someone mentioned they loved their Bucatini Ronaldo so I decided to give it a try.  Waiter stated that the pasta for this dish is homemade (like tubed noodles) with shrimp, artichokes and roasted eggplant in a red sauce. While everything was delicious, I thought this dish was fantastic as it was unusual. It had all my favorite ingredients.  Our waiter Kubec was very attentive and service was great.  Overall......5 star worthy!  In fact my daughter is going back next weekend with 6 friends!I was prepared for a tourist trap given the history and reviews, but ended up really liking this place.  We went around 9:30 pm on a Sunday so it wasn't crowded.  The menu is simple and good.  The marinara was flavorful without being sweet.  I like that the mushrooms in the pasta were fresh not canned, as with other old school places in Italian Market.  My friend had an excellent pasta with shrimp and artichokes.  I don't have a need to go to Villa Roma anymore since finding this place.I take out-of-towners to Ralphs to experience authentic South Philly Italian food.   Ralph's never disappoints.  It may not be fancy, but it's classic and damn good.
They are best known for their veal specials, but make a pretty mean chicken  or eggplant parmesan, too.  Other good choices are the antipasto, gnocchi, mussels, and Italian sausage.   But folks are right; the spaghetti is just OK.
Make reservations, and don't forget to bring your patience (it can get loud and crowded), cash, and plenty of friends.As a half Italian former New Yorker I grew up on Italian food.  It's all about the sauce or " gravy" and Ralph's did not disappoint. Our service was all business but opened up a little as the meal went on. Most people would complain but I liked the guy. I ordered the veal parm and loved it. Massive portion. The mussels in red sauce were delicious and the tiramisu was possibly the best I've ever hadIt was my 30th birthday, and Ralph's food was all that was on my mind.  I was thinking about veal since I knew that Italians really do make it best.  My husband and I stopped in to make a reservation for later that night and the host was very friendly and said "We don't have anything open until 8:30pm" but that was no problem for us and we just strolled around the surrounding area and stopped in a few shops while we were waiting.  At 8:15 we came back and our table was ready.  We sat down and were promptly served a nice cool glass of ice water.  My husband ordered an Italian Kiss which is some sort of espresso mixed drink.  He said it was out of this world.  A few minutes later we were served some delicious Italian bread and butter.  The bread was wonderful.  We then placed our order after looking over the menu.   We got the escargot as our appetizer.  This was absolutely wonderful!   My husband knew he wanted the Seafood Pescatore.  I decided to have the Veal Marsala and a side of meatballs.  We enjoyed our bread until our meals were brought out.  Now my Veal Marsala was hands down the best dinner out I have EVER had.  The veal was tender, the mushrooms were delicious, and the sauce,  well I think I had dreams about it that night.  My husband's dinner was also wonderful.  He used to prepare this himself and was surprised at how fresh and tender the mussels were .  He said he would get that again.  Now the meatballs are something you HAVE to get if you go to Ralph's!!!  These were nice and firm and the gravy was wonderful!  After all this good food we had to finish off the night with a cannoli.  My husband and I both ordered one and got one to go for my Dad.  Well those were crisp and the filling was the best i've ever had!    We will be returning to try more of their food.  Thank you Ralph's for making my 30th birthday incredible!I LOVE RALPHS.. 
My now Ex Husband "Lenny" used to bring me here all the time.. The food is scrumptious.. The mussels red or white are to die for.Food is always fresh and prepared to order. The Owners 'Jimmy and Eddie", super nice, very accomodating and made me feel like family... Ronnie too!!
I always left here in a food coma... Highly reccommend this wonderful Restuarant.. Gets very busy especially on weekends....Always a great dining experience!!Never a bad meal at Ralph's. I wish they had a larger selection of less expensive wine, but I'm going for the food, not the beverages. The pasta is cooked to perfection and even when it's SWARMING with people, the service is stupendous.The environment of the restaurant is very nice. Service was very good and they were able to take care of us really well and fast although we were a huge group. The food was well prepared but we did not find it unique or special.I've lived in the Philadelphia area for about 15 years and I'm sad to say that I only learned of Ralphs about a year ago. 
To me, Ralphs is the embodiment of Philadelphia. The food is about as traditional Italian as you can get. It's the oldest Italian Restuarant in America that is still operating. The food is great and the service is exactly what you would expect from an old school Italian joint. 
If you are hosting guests from out of town and you want to show them what Philadelphia is all about...take them to Ralphs. They will leave very full and completely satisfied. 
Truly one of Philadelphia's most prized venues.Went on a Monday night early and we were seated right away.  Waiter was friendly and efficient.  The food was delicious and plentiful.  We would definitely go back again!No credit cards =  no good for business. Good local South Philly fare though. Service is adequate as is atmosphere. recommend Victor Cafe much, much more.If your familiar with South Park I am an avid yelper (also work in the industry) but food and wine were beyond expected great dinner definitely will be back.Crap. Period. Canned mushrooms on the veal. Oldest Italian restaurant, uh ok. How about good food prepared like nonna used to make not some underpaid immigrant line cook. DisgraceSouth Philly favorite with great pastas, chicken and veal dishes.  Make a reservation to be safe, as it is a local and tourists favorite -- Well worth it too!!My last name is Carbone. I DO NOT eat Italian out.  I love this place.  That is all you need to know.  If you are uncomfortable eating on the cramped and usually crowded main floor just ask to sit upstairs.  There are three floors that I know of and have experienced.A few years ago I bit into my roasted peppers AND a fish hook. The staff could not have cared less, pretty much insinuating I brought the hook with me to put in their food. They didn't even take the dish off the check, even though I wouldn't eat it or anything else after nearly having my gums impaled. I'll never go back & have advised others to stay away. Not even an apology. I should say there was a lot of blood & they couldn't wait to get me out of there (after paying the full bill). Rude does not even begin to describe that staff.Ralph's on 9th Street just off Christian has been a Philadelphia landmark for over one hundred years. While 9th street has been a part of my life for as long as I can remember I have never eaten at Ralph's.  Now, I must say from the start, that Ralph's is the kind of Italian restaurant that I avoid. Ralph's is an old time, red sauce kind of place: the kind of Sunday macaroni and gravy that I grew up on. But these days, I suppose I have grown beyond it. Having lived and studied in Italy back in the 70's, I experienced lighter, cleaner flavors in Italian foods. When I came home I introduced my family to these recipes. That was the end of the red sauce tradition in our house. The same reformation was happening in kitchens and restaurants across the country. This was the era of Julia Child and the great culinary awakening. Restaurants like Ralph's were old school. The wonderful film "Big Night" lyrically illustrates the two worlds: meat balls and spaghetti vs. shrimp risotto.
Recently an episode of Lydia featured Philadelphia and a trip to Ralph's. Lydia's enthusiasm for Ralph's traditions sparked a bit of guilt and regret. As an Italian American I had rejected and neglected long held culinary traditions. As a Philadelphian whose great -grandparents settled on 9th in Christian in 1885, I had ignored and concealed my history. I owed Ralph the respect of their kitchen.
Ralph's is a rather small space. Tables are close together, perhaps too close. You can hear almost every conversation in the room: some conversations not necessarily appropriate for dining. The room is very dark, but immaculately clean. The wait staff, all men, sharply groomed and attired in black, greets and serves with the utmost friendliness and attention: perfectly traditional Italian.
With menu in hand we carefully scanned to find the balance between traditional heavy red sauce and lighter fare. As we scanned the selections we also watched what was coming from the kitchen. No small number of dishes were bowls or narrow plates of red gravy that completely obscured whatever lay beneath. This was not the direction we wanted to go. Lydia highlighted the Chicken Trombino. So, that was our first pick. The reason for her choice became clear when the dishes arrived. The giambotta of egg, sausage and chicken looked promising. Although I knew giambotta as an eggplant and squash dish this version with egg merited investigation. For our third dish we went for the veal with peppers and mushrooms.  As a starter we ordered a cup of the" pasta fazool "(pasta e fagioli.) As usual, if you read my other reviews, we would share our lunch. Requesting the waiter to bring extra plates for sharing is never a problem.  I suggest it strongly.
The minestra, the "pasta fazool," warmed our chilled 9th street shoppers' bones. In many ways, the soup is the indicator of a good restaurant. If the cooks are attentive to a simple soup, you know they will be attentive to the main courses. Ralph's rich and creamy bean soup hit the mark. 
The main courses arrived in properly measured time. We began with the giambotta. As I mentioned, giambotta as I knew it was something of an eggplant and squash stew. Ralph's version is what I would call a frittata. The portion was large and an easy share for three people. The sausage and chicken enriched each bite. But, there was one element that recalled the old style: green peppers. Green peppers tend to be course and biting. While they were a staple in recipes in my childhood, I no longer use them.  They have been replaced by fully ripe red or yellow or orange peppers.
We then moved to the veal. For the three of us at the table, this was not an easy dish The veal was heavily coated in red sauce and green peppers. It was just too strong. Nonetheless, I must say that this was exactly how my mother would make it when I was a child, and why, even as a child, I didn't care for it. The veal arrives with a side of spaghetti in red sauce. The spaghetti was cold and the sauce too heavy for my taste. 
Our last entrée, the Chicken Trombino, was suggested by Lydia and I can see why. The Chicken Trombino is not a traditional Italian American dish. This recipe is clearly something from a different inspiration. There is no heavy red sauce. The full chicken breasts are served with clean, fresh chunks of tomato and seasonings. The Chicken Trombino , in its light preparation, is what I prefer in Italian cooking.
It is very difficult to give a rating to Ralph's. Clearly, Ralph's offers foods with an Italian American history more than 100 years old. What they do, they do well. The restaurant is small but meticulous. The staff is elegant and affable. The service is prompt and the food well prepared in its own style. For many, Ralph's is a rich and hearty experience of old time Italian American food in new world. For me, Ralph's is an excursion to the past. But, is it really a past that I wish to recall?I might be biased, or simply haven't tried many Italian restaurants in Philadelphia, but damn, that sauce (or gravy, depends on where you were born) they use is like liquid gold. So delicious. Evey time I go, I wanna get a job there long enough to learn the secrets of the sauce. 
Anyway, have been there 4 or 5 times. I have ordered the manicotti, the lasagna, and the gnocchi. All have been fantastic. Last time around was with 12 friends. And all I heard was "mmmmm", "holy crap this is great", and "great choice for a restaurant". Everyone got something a bit different, but the results were uniform. 
The wine is always good, the wait staff is attentive and keeps checking up on you. I cannot say enough good things about this place.First time eating at this restaurant. Service is fine, food is authentic, prices are somewhat reasonable. I just really didn't like that it is cash only. Step into the millennium.This is one of the oldest Italian restaurant's in the entire country. It's a three floor restaurant all well maintained. Parking was really difficult for me as I ended up driving around for a Realllllllly long time as it's all street parking. They do offer valet parking after a certain hour. Also reservations are recommended although I don't think they're mandatory. The service was stellar as was my wife's manicotti  (stellar as in heavenly. ) Anyway let's take a look at my own meal...
Ralph's Famous Veal Parmesan 
What Is It: It's pretty much your traditional chicken parm only with veal instead of chicken. The veal is crusted with the parmesan, topped with mozzarella, and covered in sauce. Spaghetti with sauce as well as pre entree bread is also served.
Presentation: Definitely looks the part even though they plated the spaghetti separate from the veal probably because they give you such a big piece of veal. Nevertheless it looks tremendous. 
9 out of 10
Taste/Final Analysis: With this being one of their signature dishes I had to try this out. This also was my first experience of eating veal. I'm pretty sure this probably wasn't the best way to get a first taste of it as it's covered up with so many other flavours. Now that's not to say that this wasn't a delicious dish because it was. Their sauce in particular should be its own food group it was that good. The veal was crispy and delicious just like a proper parmesan dish. My problem was that it was pretty much identical to a chicken parmesan. The texture, the taste, everything was exactly like a chicken parmesan.  I'm not sure what the uniqueness of having it as "veal" parmesan is. Like I said this is a tasty dish but  you might as well get the cheaper chicken parm. The restaurant is definitely worth checking out for both a great meal and experiencing a piece of American history. Just either give yourself plenty if time to park or arrive during their valet parking time.
Veal Parmesan: Chicken Parmesan out of 10
Which is a 9 out of 10Just as good as ever---- took a group there and everyone pronounced their meals exellent. I'm not a red sauce person but the chicken Sorrento- mostly in wine sauce and cheese--- is one of my favorites. Only quibble, and I know they get this all the time: Why no credit cards? This is 2012, not 1905....This place is the oldest Italian restaurant in America which was very impressive so thought we would give it a try.. the inside looked like someone's grandma's dining room..floral wallpaper and floral tiles adorned the walls... super old school! We ordered clam casino, sautéed mussels in red sauce, veal parm and eggplant parm.
The service was weird...there was one particular server who stood out the most..he was rude. He took our order and walked away. When the food came out, he told customers to get out of his way who were getting situated at their table and slammed the plates on our table...maybe this is how they serve their guest here since the 1900s, either way, the food was good and we didn't care.Exactly what you expect from an Italian restaurant in the Italian market. Great ambience, hospitality, and food.  Good sizes portions that don't make you feel overwhelmed after dinner.  Only thing is the food doesn't stand out from the rest of the Italian places in the area. But still a solid choice.So what is better than cannoli's?  Cannoli Cake!
Ralph's has been a favorite of mine since 2003.  My wife and I always try to invent reasons to take the trip from Bucks County to South Philly.  Ralph's is consistently the best Italian food restaurant that I have ever been to.  Their food is that good that both my wife and I always order the same items.  Veal parm with a side a spaghetti for me and shrimp scampi for my wife with 2 pieces of cannoli cake for desert.
The veal parm is not only delicious but also comes in a generous portion.  Ralph's make the veal dish seem easy as it is a nice piece of veal (never, never had any fat in the 7-10 times that I have been there) that is pounded out thin and coated with breading.  The portion covers the oval plate and is enveloped by a thin red sauce.  The veal melts in your mouth and is complimented by cheese and their sauce.  The sauce is not too strong or too thick and seems to work well with the flavor of he veal.  The side dish of pasta is always filling.
My wife and I refuse to order salads or appetizers as we look forward to the cannoli cake.  The cake comes out chilled and is yellow cake with the icing made of cannoli filling.  There is even a mini cannoli on top!  This is the most delicious cake that my wife and I have ever eaten.  We have even found out where Ralph's orders the cakes from!  This is a must order for any diner at Ralph's.
The ambiance of Ralph's is "old world" Italian and I feel like Skinny Joey Merlino or Nicky Scarfo could walk in at any time.  The rooms are narrow and the first floor can get loud.  The waiters work efficiently and are not overly warm, but somehow it works in this environment.  Ralph's lets their food impress their patrons instead of fancy furnishings or overbearing staff.  Credit Cards are not accepted, but there is an ATM on the first floor.  Reservations are only accepted for parties of 5 or more and during peak times a wait is to be expected.  I thoroughly endorse Ralph's for classic Italian food that will satisfy everyone's taste buds.We made reservations for New Years Eve and I have to say that we were both very disappointed. The food was mediocre at best and the service was subpar. For a $160 meal for two we should not have felt rushed.
We ordered antipasto which was pretty good however they didn't wait until we were done or close to being done before bringing out the clams casino which I have made better at home. 
For my entree I ordered a veal dish with crab and scallops. This dish was $32 and the veal was tough and got a sprinkling of crab and 3 scallops. The sauce was awful so my boyfriend switched his meal for mine. He had orange roughy which was $20 something. It was just ok. For dessert we had tiramisu and coffee which would have been enjoyable if our waiter didn't decide to fill all the cheese containers right behind us and another kid spraying all the tables down with cleaning fluid. 
This will be our last visit to Ralph's. I would advise the same to others unless you have extra cash just simply to burn.Amazing, i got the chicken parm and it was crispy and cooked amazing. may be the best i ever hadI will never, ever, in my whole life, understand why people love this restaurant so much.  I walk by often and  see a lots of NJ plates using the valet service -so It's gotta be the tourists (AND my co-workers that live in the suburbs - they like Ralph's, but you should see what they eat for lunch every day if you know what I mean.) 
 I suspect that  the suburban folks are at a disadvantage by only having an Olive Garden to compare "authentic" Italian food to so Ralph's probably seems like some freaky cheese covered upgrade.
Anyway, back to Ralph's, sure, it's been there for over a hundred years, the decor is cute on the first floor, reminding one of the "olden days". 
Sure, the service is cheeky if not just a little snarky, but the food is downright terrible. 
Okay. it's edible, but not edible in a good way.
 The last time I was there was for a wedding rehearsal dinner and no one finished their entrees & when asked by the waitress if anyone wanted it wrapped up to take home - it was a unanimous, "No."  This was from roughly around, oh, 100 people.  
That's a bad thing.Summary: Their special for the night was the best part. Not a great location or space to have a fancy dinner or throw a big party. I would probably go with family or friends again just because it was the first family owned Italian restaurant of the united states, but besides that I do not really find it overall that special. Too pricey. 
Food: 
Appetizers: Escargots Au gratin ($8.50) The escargots were really large for its size, it was tasty but could be because it was literally all butter. I still enjoyed it, but it could be better if it was less buttery.
Entree: Chicken Parmigiana ($17.00) My opinion is it is a bit too pricey for such a common dish. However, it was a bit crunchier than other chicken parm that I have had.  Besides that I did not find it any special and definitely not worth its price. 
Black Lobsters Raviolis ($20.00) This dish was one of their specials for the night, not on their menus.  It was tasty, but a little too salty and buttery.  It comes with jumbo shrimps and capers.  The dish looks small, but very filling.
Place: 
Location: It is within a residential area, about two (or more) blocks away from South St (Main commercial area). I took a cab there and back (cost about $20). Not easy access. Residential area also means hard to find parking.
Environment: The place has tinted windows, so we cannot see from outside.  The moment you walk in you basically see the whole place, very small.  The tables are cramped on top of each other. I went there on a Tues night, and there was a lot of elders, probably not a young hip place. 
Price: I think the overall pricing is too high.  Two people: 1 appetizer, 2 entree and some fountain drinks came out to be around $60 (with tip).The bread at this place is so good. It's HOT and i like that in a restaurant.  Our server was nice and I got a mellow vibe from this place.  Everyone I was with seemed to think that Ralph's was hooking it up and serving the best Italian food around, but.... meh. My mom and I make better lasagna.  The portions were big, and the food was good, but my mind was not blown and I probably wouldn't go back.  Maybe my lasagna just had me all nostalgic for mom's cooking, but I suspect that other people's dishes weren't as crazy good as they were saying.  We did arrive REALLY hungryBest Italian food hands down. If your in Philly you must stop here. Get the red sauce mussels and the cannoli cake.We had a great meal and great bottle of wine for a resonable price.  The two of us got out of there for just under 100 bucks which included a bottle of wine and desert.  We had left overs which were perfect for a late night snack back at hotel.  
 Tables are fairly close together which is great for somebody like me who likes to talk to people.  
In case you were wondering, yup got the veal parm.   It was awesome.  Also got fettuccini Alfredo.  Not bad.  The home made noodles rocked.  
Let's talk desert..... I would NOT suggest the canoli. The filling was chalky.  It was like eating a tumms.  Do not waste your money on one of these things.  
I will go back next time in Philly.6 at our table. Had never been here in all my years in Phiily. Was not too impressed.
Actually, it wasn't a bad meal, but when you serve us two side orders of cold meatballs and broccoli rabe that was way over cooked - 2 basic things a good italian restaurant should serve properly, well it's hard to give a 3 star "A-OK".
Our entrees were decent, not wow, but good. The bread was good, but not great. Service was pleasant, and efficient. We were seated upstairs and liked the ambience of the place. I liked the everything salad - basic, old school, but big, fresh and good.I was torn whether to give Ralph's three stars or four, but went with four because of the food. This is my second trip to Ralph's and as with the first, the food was outstanding. My hubby and I started off sharing the mussels in red sauce and when it came, I couldn't believe how many mussels there were! More than enough for two people, for sure. And so delicious, I wanted to lap up the gravy when I finished eating the mussels. Instead of doing that, though, I used the very fresh Italian bread to soak up a large portion. These were absolutely the best mussels I've ever eaten! I opted for the baked lasagna and hubby went for the manicotti. Let me tell you, I am VERY picky about my gravy, as South Philadelphians call it, and I was surprised at how much I enjoyed the gravy my lasagna was cooked in. To say nothing of the lasagna, which was awesome in its own right. All the ingredients were fresh and I'm sure the sausage pieces in the lasagna were homemade. My hubby thought there was too much cheese in his manicotti, but I think you can never have enough cheese! I tasted his dinner and loved it. We finished up with decaf coffee and a slice of tiramisu. Yes, I said "slice." The tiramisu at Ralph's is more a cake than the normal tiramisu you get at most places. It was the only part of our dinner I wasn't fond of. I guess it was the cream cheese filling that seemed off to me. But the presentation was lovely.
As to why I was considering giving Ralph's only three stars, the place is so small the tables are pratically on top of each other. Private conversations are impossible because you can easily hear what the people at the next table are saying. We even had to ask them to please move their table so hubby could get in and out of his seat. Plus, the tables themselves are so small, there was barely enough room for all the plates on the tables. And when my leftovers came back wrapped up ready to go, there was no room to put the bag on the table. Most people had their leftovers sitting on the floor. Not exactly sanitary, if you ask me, but space is really at a premium here. I managed to keep my take-home bag on the table even though I was sure my coffee cup was going to spill in my lap at any moment. It didn't. The bathroom is so small, when you sit down, your knees practically touch the door. It is impossible to turn around. There is no mirror to check out your makeup. There is NO sink in the bathroom--you must use the sink in the small common hallway to wash your hands while you make sure you're not in the way of the waitstaff carrying dishes, trays of clean glasses, etc.
Speaking of the waitstaff, they are extremely attentive and friendly. Thanks Al! We had a Groupon to use for this dinner that cost us $20 for $40 worth of food. With everything we had--one appetizer, two entrees, two Cokes, 2 coffees and one dessert, the total bill came to $55, including tax. Taking off the $40 we were left with a bill of $15. 
To wrap this up, food=excellent; service=very good; restaurant=too small with very close quarters. Will I return? Most probably. Is this the best Italian food I've ever eaten? Pretty damn close!Just average. I gave it three because the staff were friendly and the place itself was interesting with the old decor and historic site marking. The pasta tasted like it was from a box and not made fresh as I was expecting (being the stores down the street were all selling fresh pasta and it being in the Italian market). The veal was too salty and chewy, but the sauce had a nice light flavor to balance the dish. In the end just disappointed in the overall quality as it does not fit the location in the Italian market... tasted more like Italian food that I would get in the Poconos or a small town in West Virginia.My friend and I were the only two stopping in a bit after Ralph's opened for lunch on a Monday. This would have alarmed me if Ralph's didn't have such a good reputation and if we weren't greeted so warmly upon entering. Not to worry, there were plenty of other diners by the time our bread basket arrived. My friend and I shared the Mediterranean salad (several jumbo shrimp, crab meat and greens with a light vinaigrette) and a pork sandwich with provolone. This sandwich has supplanted Dinic's as my new favorite and the salad was perfect for summer. Cash only but there is an ATM in the back.We had a very nice meal. The mussels were huge and juicy. The shrimp scampi had a cream sauce, so was not exactly what my daughter expected but she liked it just the same. Meatball is yummy. The gravy is excellent. Veal Rollatine was also quite good. Very large portions.Long-time fan of Ralph's here.  I adore sweetbreads, which are not on every Italian restaurant's menu.  So i go to Ralph's for sweetbreads.  I think the mushrooms in the dish are canned, but the sweetbreads are perfect, with a light sauce and are a huge portion.  I'm also crazy about their Fettucini Alfredo, which is the real thing, made with pasta, butter, parm and cream and nothing else.  My partner always orders spaghetti and meatballs - he's not a foodie and that's what he likes.  Since I order 2 entrees (so I'll have leftovers tomorrow), we don't get out of there cheaply, but I love the place.  And yes, it's a good place to bring visiting firemen - old-time ambience, attentive service, and Sarcone's bread.I ate here a very long time ago. One of Philadelphia's oldest, original Italian restaurants. Food was delicious. I especially remember loving the meatballs and you can judge a good Italian place by two things:  meatballs and marinara!
Highly recommend if you are in town.What a spot! Ralph's is worth the trip for all of the pomp and circumstance said about it. The quality of food is top notch in an intimate, authentic old style restaurant. Will probably echo many of the other reviewers here, but stick with this simple statement: Bar none, one of the best dining experiences for Italian food in the Northeast, not just Philly.
Atmosphere - Ralph's is the oldest Italian restaurant still in existence in the United States. This is mentioned on the honorary plaque outside even before going in. The perfect balance of cozy and legendary, Ralph's decor and pictures show a timeless tradition of outstanding food and family pride. Tightly packed tables adorn the 1st of 3 floors, and the smells of the delicious cuisine permeate the air when you walk in.
Waitstaff - Our waitress was a traditional South Philly waitress, part attitude, part customer service, overall, exactly what you'd expect and want when dining here. Just added to the great food and wine, along with runners to bring out food, and crisp bread from the bakery just next door.
Food - Oh the glorious experience! Feasting on Italian since I was little, going out to try someone else's can really have a high bar to clear, and Ralph's set the new world record! From the delicious mussels in red gravy (get extra bread to dip in), to my heaping portion of lasagna, to the expertly packed meatballs, Ralph's had it all. Add on to that a slice of cannoli cake to split at the end of the meal and just made everything a home run in my book.
Intangibles - Restaurant has no lot, so valet is recommended on weekends. Closest garage parking is about 3 blocks up on South Street. Reservations should be made in all instances, as seating can be at a premium, saw a line out the door during our meals. Wine list is a little pricy, but well worth it for a party of 3 or more.
Overall - Ralph's is worth the high praise and affection, and is definitely a spot to check out on a foodie trip to Philly. The authenticity, quality, and old world style is very evident with everything here.Out of town visitor came here based on a colleague's recommendation. The food was amazing! The Salmon was as good as I've had in years. Lots of flavor and cooked perfectly. The pasta was equally as good and the marinara was outstanding.The restaurant is in the middle of the Italian Market on ninth st. The restaurant is old school, red sauce place.  If that's the type of place your looking for it's ok.  But if your looking for something more lighter, clean flavored Italian this is not your place.  It's busy and on the smaller side.My husband is from Philly and LOVES Italian so when we came up from DC for a  weekend of fun, where else would we go but South Street?! He selected the place and loved that it was the oldest family owned Italian restaurant in the country. We came to Ralphs with another couple and we all loved it. It was crowded and tight but the great service and delicious food made up for it. I had eggplant parmesan which was some of the best I've had in the U.S. The wine was great and our server was so funny and charming. Good food, great service, what else do you need? Oh but remember it's  cash only, which was a drag but we knew about it in advance so came prepared.Saw this place on food channel and decided to try out.  Their Veal and Mussels were SO GOOD!...down side was they didn't take credit card...CASH only...but they do have ATM inside...lolGreat old school italian food! The veal cap and mussels red are a must. If you have not been to Ralphs you are missing out .Excellent food and price ^_^ .... The place is all but coZy .... Waiter was nice ....I would definitely come back againI've been to Ralph three times over the past few years, and I don't think I'll be going back again.  Bottom line: this place is overpriced.  Case in point in the tomato and mozzarella appetizer.  It's $9.75.  I understand that appetizers and desserts are the place to mark-up prices, and that's fine. These people run a business to make money.  However, I cannot respect a restaurant that gouges its customers.  This particular appetizer is one tomato cut up (prob cost them 50 cents), a few small mozzarella balls, and then a drizzle of balsamic vinaigrette.  A dish that costs them $2-$3 to make should not be priced at $9.75.  Similarly, a bottle of beer, Stella, cost $7.  Furthermore, the menu prices on their website are out of date and misleading.  Another case in point: the veal saltimbocca.  On the website, it's listed as $23.  In the restaurant, however, its $25.  This is one of my favorite dishes because of the prosciutto that is traditionally supposed to cover the veal cutlet.  At Ralph's, there were three tiny bites of prosciutto.  I honestly don't think I was even given one full slice, let alone enough to cover the veal.  
I think Ralph's offers traditional Italian food in a great atmosphere.  However, in a city like Philadelphia where Italian restaurants are a dime a dozen, Ralph's has to do much more to make it worth your while.  The food isn't bad, but it's not great either.  On top of serving lackluster food, they have the nerve to charge an arm and a leg for it.  I can think of at least two other Italian restaurants in the city where the food is better AND cheaper.  Ralph's is the perfect example of a once-great restaurant that is now resting on its laurels and relying on name only.  Try it out if you must, but don't expect to be wowed.Excellent Service, table was to close to our neighbor, felt like we were part of their conversation, food was great!Fantastic linguini with mussels! Good amount of food and the wine selection is phenomenal.My bf and I saw a groupon for this restaurant and decided to try it. When we walked in, we were seated immediately and was greeted right away. We were seated in the corner for two people, however, we thought that the table was kind of small for us.
We ordered the mussels ($14) as our appetizers. Good thing, we finished the appetizer first before our entrees came because you couldn't have fit 3 plates on that table. The mussels were okay.. We definitely had better. I guess, we were a little disappointed that the mussels weren't bigger since they should be in season? I mean, the Italian market is like right there... and they sell a lot of fresh seafood there. Anyways, as my entree, I decided on the seafood pescatore ($26) and my bf got the chicken alfredo ($19). I felt that my dish wasn't as great. There was good amount of seafood but the sauce was a little off for me. My bf's dish was mediocre at best. It didn't look that appetizing nor did it taste that great. It was really bland and we added salt and pepper so that it could taste a little better. 
Honestly, we were sort of disappointed since a friend did recommend this place. It could be that our friend has bad taste or it could be, what we ordered? We decided to skip desserts since we weren't really satisfied with our meals. I'm glad that we had a groupon because we were not happy with our meal. We don't mind paying the price for good food but we felt that it wasn't worth it here. I gave it 2 stars because everyone was really friendly.Amazing authentic classic Italian. Melt in your mouth mussels with lots of garlic and parsley, big fresh shrimp and homemade pasta. Cute place and great service. Fettuccine sauce was so good.Luckily, and unexpectedly, Ralph's has valet parking available for the evening. We pull up and race to the entrance, just as the rain seems to be getting heavier. A small outdoor "foyer" guards the front door, New York style, which leads into a small, cozy dining room thronged with seated diners. Old-time photographs line the walls, proving that celebrities ranging from Teddy Roosevelt to Frank Sinatra have visited (and evidently loved) Ralph's. Faded patterned wallpaper looks like it belongs in your grandparents' Victorian mansion. Ornate ceiling tiles gleam overhead. The place oozes traditional, old-school vibes, and I fully expect to see men in pinstripe suits with one hand tucked in the breast pocket at all times.
MB chats with the host, who seats us promptly at a four-top near the entrance. The occasional blast of cold nighttime air hits us when other patrons enter (it is a virtual downpour now) but it gets warmer as the night wears on. Our server is friendly, gruff, and full of good humor. He takes our drink order (Yuengling for me), then rattles off the specials for the evening with lightning-round precision. Everyone opts to start with some kind of appetizer, but I'm still reeling from our stint at Mac's. I need a reprieve from meat (if only momentary). The "spring salad" sounds good, so I go with that: spicy arugula; sliced rings of red onion (which I shuffle off to the side); quartered, juicy Roma tomatoes; chunks of tangy gorgonzola; tart balsamic dressing. All that freshness does wonders, clearing my taste buds for more traditional Italian fare.
I'm ready for pasta now, and I'm a sucker for good gnocchi. This place looks like there may be a little old lady somewhere in back--grandma, let's say--hand crafting each seashell-like piece. Seems like a safe bet. I'm back on the carnivore train again, so I get the tomato meat sauce. The bowl arrives nearly overflowing with bright red sauce covering the pale gnocchi. There are green bits of herb in there, but not overwhelming. I try a nibble. Good, but not great. The gnocchi wavers from being slightly undercooked to perfectly cooked (it may have finished cooking under the sauce, so that's forgivable). It's a solid, if plain, dish with no real diversion from textbook Italian cuisine. A standby, if you will. It is satisfying, though. I do my best to eat most of it before setting aside my fork. The house chianti washes it down nicely. Again, no bells and whistles with the wine either.
While the rest of the table decides to end with coffee and cannoli, I'm good with just some espresso to fill in the cracks. (That's a good thing; no one else seems that impressed with the cannoli.) In the end, a one-time visit to Ralph's seems sufficient to get the gist. Solid food with little flair, adhering to time-honored recipes. The rain has stopped finally, and we're able to depart without getting soaked. Time to sleep...but not with the fishes.
Don't take my word for it. See what my better half has to say on our site (linked in my profile).Newer is always better, but not in this case.  
Not much has changed in over a 100 years of service at Ralph's, and that suits me just fine. Sure, it's got the prestige, the history, the classic neighborhood feel, all of which really complement the food & huge wine cellar very well.
Besides the suggesting the pastas, some notable orders I would recommend:
Meatballs - delicious traditional seasoning
Eggplant Parmesan
Calamari in red sauce
Mussels in white sauce
Five stars for italian fare, you ask?  Why yes, because the food is that good.  There's few italian spots that I really recommend, but Ralph's does it well and should be a must try for anyone willing to shell out a couple bucks more than you'd pay at a chain restaurant.A last minute Friday night trip that did not disappoint! 
In an effort to avoid meat for Lent, my boyfriend and I went to Ralph's in search of some delicious seafood and pasta. Extra points for having Lent specials with veggie soups and crab meat pasta!
We started off with some fresh mozzarella and tomato which was great. My guy had the flounder francaise which he raved about for the rest of the weekend and a side of ravioli-delish! I opted for the manicotti. If you are a fan of cheese, do yourself a favor and order this- outstanding!
Unfortunately, we had no room for dessert. Only con I can think of is that the temperature of the place was on the warm side. That won't stop us from going back!Kinda pricey, cash only?  Huge negative.  Supposed to be the oldest Italian restaurant in the states.  Not really a big deal for me, just as long as the food and service is good. 
The gentlemen's room doesn't have a sink.   The sink is outside which is fine, but I thought it was strange that sink was surrounded by the carafes used to serve ice water.  Sweet!
Excellent ravioli.  Professional staff.Good competent old style Italian food...nothing new or fancy here...only complaint is seating is crowded...it's as if you're eating at the same table as the couple next to you...service is a bit slow...we had to ask for bread...and the bill addition was off by a buck...my wife loves it, so we will be backRalph's is good.  Meals are about 22 to 25 bucks. Not bad for the city. I had a glass of the house merlot that was very good.  Long hot peppers for an appetizer and braciole for dinner.  The braciole was just like my grandmothers, no egg or fancy stuffing. I would absolutely order that again.  I do not like mussels but every body who does says Ralph's are great.  My wife had veal parmesan which she enjoyed.  It was on the dry side but I like it that way. Final bill with tip was a little over $100.   We will be going back.  
Very small dinning area, close but cozy.  It has been there for over 101 years and is the oldest Italian Restaurant in the USA. It is on 9th street in what is left of the Old Italian Market.  My Dad was born in a house 2 blocks in from Ralph's in 1925. I am sure much of my entire extended family probably ate there at one time or another in the last 100 years. I had not been there since I was a kid 35+ years ago. 
The waiter was attentive and everyone was friendly and kind.   
Honestly people complaining about vegan meals or slow service need to go to a new trendy restaurant that will make them happy but not complain about Ralph's.  This place is more than just the good food. It is also a little piece of history. Ralph's is not the next trendy place that caters to the fad or new eating styles. It is just old school good Italian food at a place that has been around for 101 years.This review is from a meal a few months ago.
My boyfriend was in town, and we did all the touristy things around the city. He looked through the guide book I had, and was looking at the restaurants in the area, and we happen to be on South St.. I was new to Philly so didnt know any of the restaurants, we came here because of the great blurb in the book, we get to the restaurant and see all there zagat awards on the front, and are thinking this is great, we are going to have some great Italian food. 
NOT the case. We go in, the place was empty besides one other table that was finishing up.  We may have gone at an odd time, really late lunch most likely. The waiter was nice, I want to say a bit slow for us being the only table their. Boyfriend ordered spaghetti and meatballs, I tasted some, that had to be the worst pasta sauce ever, and the pasta was overcooked. I don't remember what I had exactly, it was a chicken dish, again not good at all, chicken had no flavor, the sauce was strange. What really bothered me was the pasta sauce, the stuff you get from the jars tastes a million times better than what we were served. 
Obviously we had not read the yelp reviews before eating here, but looking through them I see really high reviews and really low ones (which echo my experience at the restaurant). My boyfriend has a theory that the true cooks were locked away somewhere unable to cook any good food that is the restaurants claim to fame. I have no desire to return to this restaurant and find out otherwise, and i would not dream of suggesting this place to anyone, I would suggest they go to Olive Garden before coming here or making their own pasta and adding some jarred pasta sauce, either would be a better food experience.My partner and I made a day trip to Philadelphia yesterday and visited the Italian Market.  We asked a vendor there if he could recommend a restaurant for Lunch and he sent us to Ralph's.  I can confidently say that it is the absolute worst restaurant (not just Italian restaurant) I have ever eaten in.  My partner agreed that the food was atrocious and he is usually very easy to please.  For starters he had peppers and mozzarella which was just that, a bunch of roasted pepper slices emptied out of a can or jar with these strange round hard, cold cheese balls (no, they were not bocconchini, no, no, no.)  I ordered calamari.  It was a bowl of prepared frozen calamari in a reddish brown liquid of ingredients unknown.  Absolutely revolting.  The main courses were lasagna and chicken parmigiana.  The chicken was a cutlet breaded and fried sometime long ago (days ago, at least) before they assembled it with tasteless cheese.  The lasagna was about six inches high and had a meat filling that was rancid.  We didn't want to spoil our day in Philadelphia so we said nothing to the staff.  Besides, the food was so disgusting that they had to know.  My partner, referring to a Kitchen Nightmare show where an Italian restaurant in California was so atrocious that they fired the chef, said that Ralph's must have hired him and given him control of their kitchen.  Oh, the only reason I have given one star is that Yelp doesn't give the no-star option.  How unfortunate.just went for my first experience at the "famous" Ralphs Italian Restaurant. And i know it will be my last. The service was horrible, rushed and unpleasant waiter who had a attitude. All in our party. were uncomfortable with the waiter, our food was ok, we went for lunch and we were told on sundays no lunch menu, WHICH always feels like a sneaky way to charge extra for the same meal. We should of walked out then. But its ok , we wont walk in again.This is the oldest Italian restaurant in Philadelphia.  The restaurant has been family owned and passed down from generation to generation. The poles that people use to wrap their horses around are still outside.  The food is so yummy.  It's basic no frills Italian food that is completely satisfying. The lasana, spaghetti, fettucine- it's all Italian heavan.  The prices are very reasonable. Most between $8-$15. $17 for a special.  
We spoke to one of the managing family members and just for the sheer graciousness of this fellow makes you understand why this family has been able to stay in business for so long.
If you make it out to Philly- you have to make it out there. If you live there already, you probably already have been there. If you haven't...shame on you.Granted this may be a case of seeing nostalgia through rose colored lenses, but Ralph's had the greatest gnocci dishes. I cannot make comment on any of the other items save for the linguine pescatore, which was also excellent.  Whenever I get back into town to visit family, I make it a point to eat at least once at Ralph's. It should be noted that It has been over a year since I have been back. I am hoping the food hasn't deteriorated as much as what some of these other recent comments may indicate.The food was fantastic.  I had spaghetti with marinara sauce.  It had a lot of basil and a fabulous flavor.  My friend had eggplant and said it was the best she ever had.  My only complaint is that although the place was not busy and there were many empty tables, they seated a party of 4 within elbow reach of us.   Our table was so small that the waiter had put our bread basket on the adjoining table and when the other people were seated, the busser took our bread.  Another annoyance is that the busser repeatedly tried to remove dishes we were still eating.  Loved the waiter though.  Warning - drink prices are way too high.Went here last night and had dinner with my girlfriend.
Ambiance was very traditional Old World Italian. Old B/W photos of family adorned the wall, antique tiles on the floor, you know the deal. Seating was very tight in the front where I sat (didn't get to see the other dining room that they have), but I was able to hold a convo with no difficulty.
For appetizers we shared an order of the mussels with red sauce. These were fantastic. The red sauce had a slight spiciness to it which complemented the mussels perfectly, and it was also perfect for dipping the bread that they give you. The portion of this appetizer was pretty large, and we were starting to get full before we could even touch our main course.
For the entree, I opted for the Veal Parm and my GF got the Penne alla Vodka. The Veal parm had a nice pan-fried texture and the red sauce was on point. My GF's dish was also good as well, she just needed to add a little extra parmesan cheese on top.
Overall the dining experience was very good. A tad bit expensive, but definitely worth it if you want to have some authentic Italian.It is what it is,  Authentic South Philly pasta and gravy joint. Very good
Veal sometimes and Escarole Soup and greens rock. The meatballs are
Really good but I like Villa di Roma better.  Sarcones bread served here  also the lunchtime menu they make a great Hoagie and they serve dinner all day Sat.    and waiters are characters from another time but hard working and funny and helpful.  Valet on Sat night finally is great.  Don't forget
Cash Only!It's definitely one of those more authentic Italian places than an Americanized/modern Italian restaurant, which is a plus for my personal taste buds! This place comes up on Groupon so often and always got me curious if Ralphs really is a legit place or not. I was lucky enough to go with a friend, who LOVES Ralphs. 
When you first step your foot inside the restaurant, you'll smell that cheesy smell and will know, Ralphs is real Italian. I sat down, got greeted nicely with our waiter who seemed to kind of rush us in the beginning but he go better throughout the time. First of all, the bread they give you is wow. Just a simple bread but soft in the inside and crispy crusts on the out. LOVED.
 I was craving two things this night. Gnocchi and pasta with vodka sauce. I decide to be adventurous and ended up ordering the Spinach Gorgonzola  Gnocchi. I was grossed out when I first got the plate because the green spinach gnocchi look like cocoons..like literally... haha But the flavor is full of spinach of tastes really "green". The gnocchi is very dense with he spinach flavor and so if you like that , you'll love this dish. The gorgonzola sauce is not too heavy and balances greatly with the gnocchi. 
Portions are good. Price is not too pricey. Has a great selection of wine. The servers know what real authentic food id supposed to be like. 
Yes I would go back, but the reason I give 3 stars is because I think there will be better places that will blow my mind off, it is located in the Italian market area you know...  I do recommend!Not the best Italian in town. You are better off going to Villa Di Roma down the street. The do however give you good portions, but the food is mediocre. I ordered the calamari and in came in a water down red sauce with not much flavor. Calamari was cooked well. My main dish was the chicken parmigiana, it really id not have much flavor. Salt and pepper go a long way. 
Service was terrible. I think they try to portray a rough south Philly vibe, but it's just a turn off. We were a 4 top and all of our food came out at different times. Very annoying when you are trying to eat together.
I would NOT recommend this place to anyone thinking they want to go to a great Italian restaurant.Ralph's was recommended to us by a friend that works in the city so I was not surprised that it was excellent.  The menu has the usual Italian choices and you will not see a lot of gourmet variations.  That is not bad since they do what they do very well.   My veal parmigiana was excellent as were the other orders that included veal, pasta/meatballs, and eggplant.  
The service was average but it ranked along side of the prices.  You are not paying top prices (city) so expect college and/or high school kids to wait on you.  Again, this is all fine but just know that this is more like a cafeteria and not like an upper class Italian restaurant.  
The important feedback that I have is that this place is extremely loud!  I just say this so that you are prepared when choosing this place for a given night/occasion.  I expect that when you read this you will wonder how loud, loud can be.  You will come back to my point... hahaha.
The parking was a bit of a challenge even though I was expecting there to be valet parking.  There was 1 person and on a busy Saturday, I never did see him. I had to run around the block a few times before I went out on my own to find a spot.  This is not a problem but just know that parking might be challenging as would be expected for the city.  
My review is not negative at all and I only wanted to point out the above tips so you can be prepared.Excellent food and top notch setting.  The portions are huge and the quality is outstanding.  Will definitely be back!!As others have noted, it's overpriced for what it is.  Solid food and service, but nothing that blew me away.Food was awesome!   Had the veal parm.   Other with us got the Lasagna and manicotti.  Very tasty!!! Desserts were great!   Only street parking but they do have valet.  Our waiter was a little dry.   Was really serious and in a hurry.  But he was good.   Make reservations it was packed inside.   I would definitely return!!!!I have been eating the mussels in red here since I was 3 years old.  Classic Italian- the veal parm and mussels are always a sure thing.  
Still one of my fave places to come back to in Philly.The best Italian restaurant in the city. You can't go wrong no matter what you order. The brushetta is so fresh and delicious, the calimari is perfectly tender and the hot peppers have the perfect amount of kick to them... and that's just the appetizers. Their famous veal parm is famous for a reason, it is heavenly. Pro tip: don't let anyone at your table try your veal parm or you'll have someone picking off your plate for the rest of the meal; it's addictive. If you haven't had the pleasure of eating here yet, put it on the top of your to-do list immediately.At first I thought it would be very touristy. Not at all, this Gem is tucked into the fabric of a quaint neighborhood.  Great service amazing ambiance and the shrimp scampi was delicious.Had a great meal! Veal Saltimbuco was outstanding. The mussels were very good but spicy. Fair prices and a very authentic real Italian restaurant.  True taste of Philly little Italy that I highly recommend.  Love the history and old pictures.Classic Italian restaurant, with authenticity as its backbone. Such a relaxing atmosphere, along with good food to accompany you. My personal favorite is the Veal Rollatini. I recommend all to try it. When I read the history of the restaurant on the placemat, I was in disbelief at who had eaten there. A few of the names I saw were Taylor Swift, Derek Jeter, and I think I even saw Bill Clinton on there. Overall, I'd come back here again; I really enjoyed my experience.Absolutely horrible experience. The server couldn't have been any more rude or unprofessional. 
The entrees were fine but the appetizers sucked. 
I couldn't find any reason to ever return. 
This place has zero pride in service. 
Certainly not a place for kids. They don't have changing tables. I had to change a baby's diaper on the floor of the tiny bathroom.First let me say that I'm a server, so I don't often post reviews, and tend to be fairly lenient when I do. I understand restaurants can be chaotic and there are often very legitimate reasons that an experience at a restaurant isn't the one you imagined. That said, I also know that if I wasn't a server (as all my guests weren't) this review would likely not be even three stars.
First, I decided to take a group of nine people here for a celebratory dinner recently. It's a large group, so I understand that this isn't an easy feat - I've been in the server's shoes before myself. But, of course, I chose Ralph's because quite a few of my friends (lifelong Philly residents) suggested it as the type of place that could deal with this very well. 
We were seated on the second level in a space that is gorgious and very well maintained room. 
Food was okay - very traditional American-Italian fare. I had no problems with it at all, I wouldn't say it's pushing the culinary envilope, but it tasted good, and ultimately that's what we all wanted.
Where I take issue is with the service. Interestingly it appears all large groups are seated on the second level. Obviously, working in the business, I know this is a bad idea - especially in such an old building with loud accoustics, it just means you are gonna have a lot of people all trying to talk.
We were seated right next to a group of 8-9 people, which in turn was seating in front of 10-12 (people kept coming and going) us and our neighbors tried to be respectful, the third table in the room included multiple people who were screaming and laughing at a redicules volume. I couldn't even talk to my uncle across the table from me (maybe 3 feet away from me, at Max) at times. I understand that servers are often expected to put up with whatever and never, ever, suggest patrons are in the wrong, but I also know that part of the job is being able to politely suggest a table refrain from screaming at the table, especially if they are clearly bothering the other tables in the room.
Service was also rather odd. There were two servers that were servicing the whole room, but there was no rhyme or reason behind the service. One took the drink order, another the food order, and after that I had to get up and talk to them if I wanted anything else. I get that only three of use were drinking - my parents don't drink, my grandmother is in her late-80s and doesn't drink, my Aunt is an ex-alcoholic, etc) so we weren't really the cash cow they thought when they saw a 9-person reservation coming in - it still ticked me off especially when I had to get up and find our servers not once, but twice within half an hour of finishing the main course so we could get dessert menus (and then again so we could order dessert). 
I would have talked to a manager but by the end of it all my guests were rather embarrassed because they felt incredibly out of place. Honestly, they are really amazing people who did not even want me to go to a server when we had a mix up on the order. But while I have a lot of patience as a two-year vet of the industry, when that runs dry I find poor service to be grating.
This is a novel, but as a server I hope management can use it to look at their policies and training. And I hope other guests can use it to see what the experience can be like. As I said, I would rate the food a 4/5, and am not against perhaps visiting again, provided with a smaller group (preferably downstairs) if others suggest it - but I'm certainly not rushing back or encouraging my friends to book large tables there.