Despite all the negative reviews I decided to give this place a try.   And I'm glad I did.   
I'm not sure if they had some growing pains in the first few days but I can honestly say I had a very good meal here. Ordered the Tonkatsu Ramen and the noodles were done well.   Quite al-dente and not overcooked.   Broth was flavorful and the meat was pretty good. 
Is this place Ippudo?   Absolutely not.   But is it a hell of a lot closer and hit my Ramen fix?   Hell yeah.I came to this place with no expectations, and walked out highly disappointed. I tried every ramen bowl here and found something wrong with it. The biggest proble with the ramen bowl is the soup base. There is just not enough flavor to it. I also think the price is a bit high for the amount of food I'm getting. This is Philly, not NYC. 
I do have one caveat though. I went to Ramen Boy during it's soft opening week. They've only been opened for a few days. I will go back again to do another test run at this place before I totally nix this off my list of to-go restaurants in Chinatown.I'm so glad I no longer have to go to NYC for my ramen fix. Ramen Boy's base tonkotsu broth is clear and fatty; not as thick as in my personal preference, but the slowly cooked pork and fat flavors are there and blend well with the medium thick noodle. The chashu is cooked to perfection, as well as the soft-boiled egg. On top of that, the gyoza is a great side order, being fried nicely crunchy on one side only as it's supposed to be. Awesome!
A tip for the ramen novice: ramen is not for those with "cat-tongues" as Japanese would say, meaning those who cannot eat/drink hot food. Slurp it in in 10 minutes or so while it's piping hot, otherwise it will get lukewarm, soggy and flavorless, which is likely what these negative reviewers are eating. Enjoy!COOOOME ON~ it's not that bad! i would give it a 3.5 stars... 4 to even out the rating. :P i had really low expectations coming here.. so it turned out to be a surprise for me.
to sum it up.. it isn't as flavorful or savory as ippudou or totto.. however, quality isn't so bad.  their pork is not the fatty kind which i like and they give you a BIG chuck of meat unlike the fatty chai sui slices that are pretty much used more as decoration than for eating... presentation is ok.. noodle... idk if i can call it ramen, it tasted more like egg noodles from the chinese market.. but well .. ramen boy is located in chinatown.. what more can you ask for?!
one thing they can definitely improve on is their eggs... that was absolutely disappointing! being a ramen restaurant, that's one thing it must conquer... it was way over cooked, ruining the texture... :(
whether you like it or not.. ramen boy is still going to be a profitable establishment in chinatown being the first ramen-ya.  hopefully it gets better as time goes by, i do understand that the broth for ramen takes time to mature... so hopefully next time i go, it'll taste even better developing its own distinct characteristic :)I give them a solid 4.5.
This is my 3rd visit, and 2nd review here, and they have been consistently making improvements and deserve props for that.  The staff is very friendly and seem genuinely invested in the success of this joint.
This time around, i got the cheesesteak gyoza.  It was interesting. Not as beefy as i expected, but the cheese was perfectly oozing.
I also got thr ramen classic again.  This time around the broth was perfectly flavorful, porky and savory. The noodles were al dente, the toppings were awesome with tasty fish cake, marinated bamboo, and a precisely soft boiled marinated egg.  The whole meal was so enjoyable. In contrast, i tried nom nom ramen during their soft opening last week, and their egg was simply hardboiled and unmarinates, and they used cheap canned bamboo. I just hope nom nom makes the same effort to improve as ramen boy did.
The only little detail that detracted from todays bowl was that the pork was a little dry. So if all the ramen boys and girls are reading this, just cook the pork differently or use a different cut, and your ramen will be near flawless.
 Ganbatte kudasai! (Same goes to nom nom as well)If you're vegetarian, do not go here.  They're vegetable ramen is awful.  It is cooked in soy milk with NO broth, which means no flavor, and it costs $10.95!!!!   It was so bad, my friends and I had to tell the waitress, and we gave her tips on how to make it better & she agreed to tell the chef (this is something we NEVER do).  She also admitted that she "doesn't recommend" that dish to customers, so there you go.  On a good note, the noodle texture was great and the dish is loaded with veggies.  But please, please, pleeeease, work on the flavors!  It cannot be that hard especially for a vegetarian noodle soup for which you are charged almost $11.00!I went back after the restaurant reopened hoping that most of the common complaints had been addressed. Here is what I experienced.  
First, they installed coat racks, yes! Thank you for that.
 I reordered the spicy miso which the chef made special for me the first time and it was a totally different bowl of ramen.  Let me break it down:
The noodles were fine, but this time they asked me how I wanted them cooked. My response was " the right way". Not undercooked but not soft either. 
The broth was 10 times more misoey however it was much more salty perhaps from the miso. I actually liked the original miso broth because it was light on the salt. I don't equate salt with flavor but luckily they put a lot of sweet corn in the bowl to help balance the salinity.
The portion was bigger and the price was cheaper. My egg was cold in the middle so I definitely preferred the egg the first time, but the chicken was cooked all the way through and there was a good portion of it.
In all, it was a more savory bowl of noodles and i would love for spicy miso to be a permanent fixture on the menu because the spicy ramen which I also tasted should be renamed "southwest spicy ramen". This was a good soup but it was like liquid pepper steak and hard to finish due to its thick texture and overwhelming one note of jalapeño flavor. This is what I would call novelty ramen...not something I would get again which is why I want my spice with the miso broth base.
But it is clear this joint aimed to please. Everyone is friendly and they work hard. I appreciate that they are reading these reviews and taking to heart the comments. The prices are better....the portions are bigger....and the broth is still a work in progress. I have yet to try the gyozas but I will be back for a third go ahead because I want to see this place succeed.AVOID.
Really disappointed. Yes, I've read the reviews beforehand, but was still curious and so I went and ordered their gyoja and spicy ramen. 
The broth was tasteless (and not spicy at all), and the portion was deceptively small (big bowl; little noodles). They added a lot of bean sprouts which made it seem like there was actually substance in the broth but really, it was like half bean sprouts and half noodles! What is that?! I ended up asking for siracha to give it some taste. sad.
very, very disappointed.I can only assume that they were having serious problems the first few days.  Alas, this can be the undoing of a neophyte.  Thankfully the owner has experience.
The food was excellent.  I didn't encounter any of the problems talked about in some of these other reviews.  You can read my full review on my website.
I recommend the tonkatsu.  Far from being thin and flavorless, it was rich and tasty.  According to the staff, it is simmered for 16 hours.  The chashu was good and tender.  I also liked the pork gyoza.
If I could find any fault, I would have to say that noodles were a little under-salted.  
The staff was courteous and helpful.  I was served promptly.  My water glass was never empty.  They brought me my check as soon as I asked for it.
The complaints about the decor are misplaced.  Stools are a staple of small ramen places in Japan.  I did not find them too hard and I have as flat an ass as anyone!
Anyone who loves noodles as much as I will walk out full and happy.First time visit I had a miso ramen it's was really good next time I try classic ramenI don't see how the soup can possibly taste blend. My first reaction to my miso ramen is that it has a solid base. Not a ramen connoisseur but I'll venture to say that they make some decent ramen.They say that if you have to criticize someone, it is best to do so in a compliment sandwich, with the compliments being the bread, and the critique the meat. If you've ever been blessed enough to enjoy the incredibly stacked creations they serve up at Famous 4th Street Delicatessen or Hershel's East Side Deli - or can recall the comically monstrous  snacks enjoyed by a certain Scooby Doo - this compliment sandwich is kind of like that.
BREAD: The staff is really sweet and friendly! They are very attentive to special requests to accommodate dietary restrictions, and you can specify how you would like your noodles cooked.
MEAT: As responsive as they are to special requests, the one I wish they would pay more attention to is to actually make the food taste good. Broth is bland and fatty. Adding hot sauce and pepper helps, but doesn't cure. Noodles are tasteless and soggy, like they were cooked right in the broth. As another reviewer mentioned, there are a lot of added bean sprouts and filler items to cut the noodles, but when you are paying upwards of $10 a bowl, you want the goods to be pure. The additions are obscenely priced - $2 for half a "seasoned egg" with yolk so soggy it basically dissolves?! Even Jose Garces only dared to charge $1.50 for a (whole) fried egg at Village Whiskey! A small bowl of unsalted edamame came in at whopping $3, which I could forgive since it ended up being my favorite part of the meal (which says a lot in and of itself). Avoid the vegetarian ramen if possible. While I appreciate their attempt to provide a vegan option, the semi-sweet soy milk-based broth combined with some ill-fitting spices just makes for an odd dining experience. It was surprising that this menu item was still more expensive than some of the meat-filled options. And yes, the stools are a little strange, each carved with its own ass groove for you to wiggle yourself into, but considering these other issues, this is the least of their worries.
BREAD: My water glass was always full!! :D
This is Chinatown. In a community full of restaurants serving soup noodles for just a few bucks, and numerous stores selling instant ramen for pocket change, Ramen Boy needs to up its game.This is the best ramen place in the city. I have been there several times and have always had a wonderful bowl of ramen. 
I have written a pretty detailed review for Ramen boy when I first tried this place, but unfortunately, it has been removed by Yelp and not visible to the public, though I can see it on my profile. So till Yelp fixes the issue, I have to write a new one and hopefully, this one is visible to all my friends and neighbours. 
There are several Ramen places opened this year. I have tried quite a few of them and Ramen Boy is top on my list! Keep it up!I really want to give it two stars but the food was just terrible. 
  I had the spicy ramen and my friend had the classic.
 We came here with high expectations and were were definitely let down.
 The spicy ramen wasn't even spicy it tasted like watery soup with hot sauce, TERRIBLE.
  The classic ramen was okay but it tasted like it cup ramen. I didn't think it was worth 13 bucks. I'm terribly disappointed.So I got noodles from here Monday night as I was cold and wanting soup. Ok the broth and noodles were delicious and I lived the flavor, BUT I suppose it was ground pork....I'm not sure...the meat was a weird consistency with a slightly funny taste though it wasn't bad. I would prefer some regular cuts of meat with that killer broth. May give it another try.The waitstaff was nice.  When you get a drink, you get an entire bottle instead of just a glass.
Food took a while to get to the table.  I've ordered Miso ramen and received a giant bowl of ramen, but came out feeling hungry.  You get almost no meat, 2oz if that, 1 egg and that's it. There rest is just soup and noodles.  And not much noodles either.  There is some corn and bamboo shoots, but once again, not much substance.
There was a chunk of undissolved miso paste floating in my soup.  Egg was dry (even though it was floating in the soup) and looked like it was cooked a week ago!
In conclusion: Don't bother.delighted at philly's ramen renaissance, i HAD to try ramen boy even though i only had 10 minutes left till i had to be at work. coming from nyc, i didn't know when i'd be back again! the waitstaff was super accommodating, being as i told them i was short on time. the waitress brought me my water, & menu immediately and put my order right in with urgency, which i thought was nice of her. it was about half full at 2pm on a wed afternoon.
i ordered the tonkotsu (ramen boy classic) since it's my personal favorite. who isn't in love with pork?? the broth was tasty enough, but didn't have enough depth to last the whole meal. it started getting bland mid-meal. the egg was nicely soft boiled which was a plus! i get so annoyed when i get a hard boiled egg....i know, i'm crazy, but i love me some soft boiled egg in my ramen =) and the noodles....i can't quite describe it but they had a funny texture. unlike any ramen noodle i've had. it felt al dente, but maybe it wasn't fresh ramen? i can't put my finger on it, but i know i didn't like it. it really brought the dish down for me. and another minus- no hot tea at the end. it's just one of those nice touches i've grown accustomed to after a hearty bowl of ramen- a nice, light, steamy mug of green tea to seal the meal. so i gulped down some ice water, and ran off to work. i will most likely be back to try the rest of the ramen on its menu. hope for a better experience, as i love to see philly's food scene thrive!"Meh. I've experienced better" is how I rate Ramen Boy among ramen shops.  But I'm rating it among Philly restaurants.  If you're in Philly and want ramen go here.  It's not a bad experience.  It's still a pleasure to eat on the days you don't want to eat at our amazing ph places.
Substantively, the critiques of mediocre broth and tough meat seemed correct.  The price is more expensive than my favorite place in New York.  Their menu is very limited.  It's $2-4 overpriced.  
You could avoid it because it's not great in the scheme of global ramen shops but I think it will be a place I go from time to time when I really want ramen, each time hoping that they will have improved.I, like the last reviewer, am giving Ramen boy a slightly higher rating to boost the overall rating. 
I ordered the pork gyoza and the ramen boy classic and thoroughly enjoyed both. The pork gyoza's were standard but I mean come on, they're gyoza's they probably wont blow your mind anytime soon. As far as the ramen goes the noodles were awesome and they give you a choice of how you want them cooked, soft, al dente or hard. I got mine al dente and they were perfect. The pork was plentiful and well cooked and not overly fatty. I do agree that the broth needs more depth and the egg could use a little less cooking time but I definitely plan on revisiting and re-reviewing when they perfect those as well. 
The service is exceptional and probably the best part. Everyone is helpful and legitimately trying to give you the best experience possible. 
People really need to lay off and quit comparing it to every other restaurant they have ever been to and let it morph into its own beautiful entity.The place looks nice, but cannot accommodate large group of people. I ordered Ramen Boy Classic. It was over $9 without taxes and I was disappointed with the portion. The bowl is huge, but there wasn't much of anything inside. There was two slices of pork, one naruto (fish cake) and half an egg, not worth the price. The broth was mediocre, taste like any cheap ramen instant noodle in the market. Overall, I would not recommend this place, unless you crave for fresh ramen.Ok so I ordered the classic ramen -- I didn't it was THAT bad. I mean, it could have used a little work and the sodium content could have been reduced but I'd say it was still pretty edible. As for the portion, it was pretty large. I didn't even finish it and I can definitely eat a lot. I would consider going back, it's still at least one step above the packaged stuff.Ehhh...really?  The significant guy friend and I were near Chinatown the other day and we tried to go to Choo Choo, which I always, always forget is closed on Wednesdays (this has disappointed me several times, but apparently it never sinks in).  We were approaching from the east, so I noticed the awning for Ramen Boy and vaguely recollected a glowing review from City Paper or PW or something.  I've never been to Japan, but I ate a lot of good ramen in California and remember a ridiculous place on a trip to Hawaii (I discovered it on my 3rd day and returned every day thereafter for at least one meal).  I wanted to feel that again.
I probably could have done better, but I ordered the lunch special - spicy ramen with pork gyoza.  In retrospect, I'm not quite sure why the lunch special was, like, $1 under the separate menu prices for each item - doesn't seem very special -  but I was hungover so whatever.  Broth was so bland, noodles were severely undercooked, the meat was absolutely delicious (sooo tender).  The gyoza was great, but I'm of the mind that gyoza is one of those things that can never really be bad - ground meat and spices fried up in a carb and dipped in sauce is pretty much a winner no matter what.  The partner had the curry chicken which was actually pretty darn good...funny that Ramen Boy seems to excel at the non-ramen dishes.
The service was super friendly and attentive, but I gotta admit.  When we walked in, we inquired about a beverage they do not serve.  They were quick to offer to accomodate us, but made that so much of a pain in the ass to be a complete turn-off by the end and I wish they'd just let us walk to get a freakin' ummm...beverage they didn't have ourselves.  Hey City inspectors, I'm talking about Gingerale, relax!! Ahem.  Anyway, otherwise the service was very good and they seemed eager to please.  Everyone was quick with recommendations and made sure to check in on us without being obnoxious.
Decor was lovely, though maybe a little chain-like.  I particularly liked the spacious, super clean bathrooms and they deserve props (sorry, but...especially for Chinatown - you can actually flush the TP!).  Overall, it was not pricey, though relatively expensive for the neighborhood.  I do not think I'll be back, but I don't feel like I completely wasted my time and money.A friend and I ate here on a late Friday evening and sat at the counter.   The service was the worst.  Only after the cooks heard our frustration with the restaurant did our soups come out.  The appetizer came out briefly after that.  Because we are siting at the counter, there wasn't enough room for the soups and app.  We ended up leaving before we were finished eating.  When the waitress brought our "to go" bag, she sat it on my friends arm.   It was an unpleasant dinner.What I find ridiculous is that people would never go into their local burger or pizza joint and start ripping the food because it does not live up to some high standard they experienced at some gourmet restaurant. I think Ramen boy gets a lot of flak because there are such small number of options for Ramen in the area. Imagine if there were only a couple of places in Center City for pizza. 
Ramen is street food and comfort food. Just like a good burger or pizza is. And it is unfortunate that people DO have to travel a bit just for a bowl of Ramen. If I had to travel to the city just for a couple of slices of pizza Im sure it would taste a bit worse than if I had to walk a couple of blocks from my house.
So if you expect the Ramen here to change your life prepare to be disappointed because it wont. But if you are around the area and are in the mood for a ramen fix, it should do the trick. The classic ramen is the best out of the few flavors they do have and the portion size is generous.
The only thing is the price seems a few dollars to high, but maybe it seems like it because it is in the middle of Chinatown where prices really cant be beat.
The service is good, friendly, and attentive while the atmosphere is great. The rating is closer to 3 1/2 stars but Im going to round up it up to try to battle the unnecessary flak this place gets.Hey beggars can't be choosers.  It's just my opinion but I've been waiting a long time for a  ramen place to open in Philly and when I ran into this place by accident I was happy.  I can't complain about the food so much since I don't have much to compare it to but I have to say it was good enough for me.  The service was awesome (the one waitress there was so nice to me and my family) and food came out hot and tasty.  I will say though.. after I try some other ramen places (now popping up more and more in Philly), I will go back and do another updated review.The opening of Ramen Boy is kind of a big deal because Philly and Ramen are not that well acquainted. Having found the ramen at Yakitori Boy to be decent, I was expecting something even better than that here since the menu is so much smaller. 
The space is small and decorated to look authentically Japanese. Seats are backless but have a little shelf for your belongings underneath. For now, it is BYO. I enjoyed my pairing of ramen and a cheap vino verde.  
The classic pork ramen is $10. The portion is not so huge that you can't polish it off in one sitting. The broth and noodles were good, maybe about 70% of what my ideal NYC ramen is like. The only addition were a hard boiled egg, some scallions, a few bamboo shoots, and a piece of fatty pork. Unfortunately the pork was non special fatty roast pork, not a luscious piece of pork belly. 
An order of chicken gyoza fared worse, despite the chunk of garlic in the middle, it was flavorless. 
Get the broth a little richer, change out the pork, and improve the dumplings and I would be more willing to have a 2nd ramen-tic meal here.Worst ramen I had so far. I don't think the owner or the chef didn't even taste their own foodI went there again for the 3rd time. Each time trying something new from the menu. I've tried 3 of the ramens and gyudon so far. It's has all been pretty good. Tonight was the night for spicy ramen and it was quite spicy and delicious. 
**************************************************************************************
I have been looking forward to this place since I heard about it. After coming back from Japan, ramen and gyudon are the two everyday foods that my husband and I missed the most, and Ramen Boy has them both!
And then, we read the yelp reviews . . . oh no, . . . how bad can this place be? Can Ben really serve bad ramen given this Yokohama native's passion for his hometown comfort food? We had to try it and make our own judgement. 
So, we finally went, and we were so glad we did! It was really good! We chose the classic. The ramen was cooked just right, pork was yummy, egg was perfect with a soft yolk, but more importantly, the soup was delicious. I was intrigued with the very fresh flavors in the soup and asked Ben what was in it. He gave me a bowl to taste, it was the house-brewed stock from scratch. Ben does not use any MSG or prepacked soup base. He makes his own everyday, several batches a day. This is what makes Ramen Boy's ramen special. You won't be grabbing for water to quench the thirst after drinking a whole bowl of MSG. It is truly healthy Japanese comfort food. This is definitely going to be one of our regular Japanese Quick fix.
Given our wonderful experience, it is puzzling to us that others are complaining about this place. I re-read some of the bad reviews only to realize quite a few of them are comparing with Ipuddo or similar NYC/San Franciso ramen chains they have tried, which, in my opinion, are the McDonalds of Japan. The taste of ramen and broth has been engineered into a very consistent flavor by these large international chains which most non-Japanese now recognize as the 'original' ramen. Nissin makes a cup-noodle version of Ipuddo's ramen. 
It is special nowadays, even in Japan to find a place that will not cook ramen from a dehydrated pack, just as it is to find a fresh ground burger or hot dogs in the US.
I think this is indeed McD culture hitting us in reverse on US soil! 
So, for the rest of you who have not yet been indoctrinated into the McRamen culture and flavors, I think you will really enjoy the authenticity of this place and the food. I am going back, and I want this place to stay, as original as it really is.Ramen Boy is a true gem! The owners have done a lovely job of transforming a cozy Philadelphia store into a taste of Japan. The décor is a pleasant combination of modern and traditional Japanese. I ordered the tonkatsu ramen and thought that it tasted just like it should. I've been to Tokyo and Osaka, and this ramen reminded me of what I tasted when I traveled there.
Ramen Boy has gigantic vats of broth containing meat and bones, which are boiled all day. As a result, the ramen has a really rich taste. Comparing this ramen to a cup of noodles is like comparing a steak to a hamburger. Sure, there are similarities, but the effort that goes into creating the broth, noodles, and meat that accompany it is an order of magnitude greater.
Finally, the people are really nice. I had the chance to chat with a waitress, who suggested to me that I try a really high-quality cup of green tea. She helped me modify the tonkatsu a bit, as I told her that I prefer to eat chicken over pork. One of the owners also stopped by the table to chat, and was a very friendly guy. Ramen Boy was created by the same people that founded Yakitori Boy. I'm sure this restaurant will also grow into being a destination that brings people out to Chinatown.This is my first time, because I have been hearing bad reviews about it from my friends. I would have to disagree with them, its not bad at all. I have been to Japan (the country) & Nom Nom Ramen, its a little below expectations, but its not totally horrible either. However, their service there is excellent. 
I got the Miso ramen to go, minus seasoned boiled egg and scallions. They gave me a lot of bean sprouts. Their chicken could have been more seasoned and diced/sliced up, according to what is written on the menu, I didn't really get any other vegetables. I am assuming it will be more like the photos if you eat there. 
As take out, they require you to cook the noodle at home, because they do not want it to be soggy if they cook it for you and then have you take it home. However I do recommend eating there if you have the time, because then you don't have to put the meal together yourself. They packaged everything by itself, meat, soup, & noodle.  I had finals so I wanted to take it to go and I live down the street, so I had them cook the noodles for me. I almost feel like it defeats the purpose of take out if I had to cook myself, despite the fact that I am just boiling water. I loved their bamboo, its extremely tasty.
The restaurant itself is nicely designed, very cozy. I would definitely come back just because I love ramen, its not terribly bad, and its down the street from my house.I had the katsu curry and it was the best  japanese curry I've had in a philadelphia restaurant. I tried some of the classic ramen and it was also very tasty although the soup was a little less flavorful than I'm used to. The service was very quick and nice. It's great to be able to go an authentic japanese food restaurant because philadelphia is very lacking in that area.I have been complaining that I can't get a decent bowl of ramen anywhere in Philadelphia for years. The only restaurant that has something that resembles the real thing was Yakitori Boy. It's hard to travel to Mitsuwa or Ippudo whenever I want a decent bowl.and being the ramen fiend that I am, I jumped when my friend told me that the owner of Yakitori Boy opened up a place for Ramen two blocks down. 
Well, he didn't think much of it when the owner of Yakitori Boy offered him and a few close customers a preview. The second day me and 6 of my friends showed up to a packed house, saw another friend that told me the ramen was at best a "meh" and we had to retreat back because the small space cannot accommodate our party lest we wait 30-45 minutes. On the third day I went back by myself.
The space is small and cramped - around 30 seats. The stools are not exactly comfortable. When I went in late Sunday morning, it was practically empty but the waitress insisted to lead me to a bar seat and not a second after I sat down she asked me if I was ready to order. "No." (I had barely lifted my menu) Even though no one came in and out the front door, I was surprised by a cold draft on a freezing day. After much investigation, I saw a door that led downstairs was open and I went to close it and a few waitresses were startled by my action. "It was cold." I explained. 
The menu is small, with items repeating front and back. There seems to be not much of a choice. If you want tonkatsu soup, it would have to come with charshu, miso soup must come with chicken, and the spicy broth would have to be beef. What if I want miso with pork, would the gods of ramen come down from heaven and strike me with a ramen cane? And how come the lower price miso ramen comes with egg, corn and all kinds of vegetables and the pricier spicy beef ramen comes with practically nothing and if I want egg and corn, I have to add $1 per item? That hardly seems fair.
I ordered the miso ramen for the egg and corn only because they weren't sure if they have the tonkatsu ramen. Also they didn't have the pork and vegetable gyoza and I ordered a shrimp garlic gyoza. (On the third day and you're already running out everything, really?) The gyozas came with a tray and four sauces. What I didn't know is that each gyoza had a whole cloves of garlic inside and even with the clove of garlic, it tasted unbelievably bland. I can't really make out what I was eating, so I guess that's why we needed the sauces. A spicy plum sauce which was very forgetful. a gyoza sauce that I pretty much stuck to, wasabi oil which was mildly interesting but nothing more, and the same gyoza sauce with a hint of lemon juice, but why?
The bowl of chicken miso ramen came with two pieces of chicken the size of my thumb, corn, half a tea boiled egg, bean sprouts and bamboo shoots. The miso broth wasn't all that strong and the noodle is al dente but tasted like it was boiled in water and hasn't absorbed any flavor from the broth.  $13, Eek! Methinks not. I wonder how the Yakitori Boy ramen translated to this from only two blocks away. 
What bothers me is, well a lot of things but, after using the roux to make the broth for my bowl of soup the ramen chef stuck a spoon in the broth to taste and then throw the remaining broth on his tasting spoon back to the pot. Also, them not having a few items on the menu available third day into the business. Also, playing a radio station with commercials and all as their background noise. Also, the draft keeps on blowing as employee goes up and down and not closing the damned door. Also, the waitresses who works in Chinatown but don't speak a lick of Chinese. Also, using a touchpad to take orders like they would really need it in such small space. Also, the tasteless food and the small selection.
I do believe that I can make better ramen than these people, if not like the other Yelpers had reviewed, I had tasted better instant noodles, in fact, not 20 minutes ago. Oh disappointment. I would still give them a chance if they are still open 6 months down the line. Good thing I can go down the street to buy an egg tart for less than $1 to cheer myself up.All I can say is yuck! 
Dumplings were just okay. Nothing special at all. 
Got the classic ramen. Noodles tasted weird. The broth was heavy and lacked depth. Much better Raman and yakitori boy and they don't even specialize in this. 
Overall, I went only b/c I live down the street and wanted to try it despite the bad reviews but I should have listened to the mass public. Won't be going back again.Ate at Ramen Boy this evening.  I don't agree with the negative reviews on here.  It was very fine.  I'm not a self-proclaimed expert on Ramen who travels to New York to consume it like some previous viewers do and my main experience eating it was during a month spent travelling around Japan.  I had the tonkatsu ramen (only $8.95) and it was very tasty as well as def filling.  They have chili oil and my favorite chili mixture nanami togarashi to add a little spice to it which I always do.  Service was friendly and efficient - water glass refilled three times.  Of the five other parties while I was there, four were Japanese (or so I am surmising!).  Anyway, that's a good sign for this restaurant.  And the benches were perfectly comfortable and they reminded me of the benches I sat on in a little cafe on a side street in Kyoto. Thumbs up!I wrote a haiku to express my disappointment:
Oh boy, that was bad:
My misou tasted bitter,
The chicken was cold.
The good:  The place looks authentically Japanese, even down to chairs which let you stow your bag beneath them.  We were greeted with an enthusiastic "Irrashaimase."
The bad:  The cooks looked singularly uninterested in what they were doing, and would periodically and somewhat mysteriously disappear into the back of the store.
The ugly:  The ramen.  I've had better ramen off of a supermarket shelf.  I am not being snobbish here -- it just wasn't tasty, and for a couple of bites I wondered if there was something seriously wrong with it.
Yes, Ramen Boy, you have cornered the ramen market in Philly.  However, you will sit in that corner by yourself if you continue to turn out this kind of product.I travel to Japan a couple times a year for work and was really glad to finally see a Ramen place in Philly. We went for lunch today and I got the classic Ramen for $8.95. They asked how I wanted my noodles cooked - firm, regular or soft, just like in Japan!  I usually get them done regular when in Japan so I did the same here, not to crunchy and not too mushy, just right. The Ramen overall was very good. Savory milky porky broth with a few slices of pork belly (the buttery/fatty pork belly was delicious), soft boiled egg, a slice of naruto, bean sprouts and green onion. Where we go in southern Japan there is usually a jar of pickled ginger and spicy seaweed on the table that you use to season your soup. We had to ask for some ginger but they were happy to provide it free of charge. It seems they even give you a little more pork than what I am used to in Japan but I'm not complaining. A colleague got the miso-Ramen and said it was also very good. We also got $1 bottomless cups of green tea and while I'm not a tea connoisseur it was as good as any green tea I've had before. I'd expect to pay about 800 Yen for this soup in Japan which equates to about $10 USD so prices are definitely comparable. I'm not sure what the people giving the bad reviews are expecting here - it's just Ramen and Ramen Boy does a decent job at what they are trying to accomplish which is simple Japanese comfort food. The service was super friendly and efficient too. I'll definitely go back.I would not recommend this place. When I first heard there was a ramen place in philly I was very excited to go. The atmosphere is nice and had an authentic ramen house feel to it but that's about it. I went with 3 other people. We ordered the Miso ramen, and the classic ramen. All of us felt that there was no flavor and was very bland. Even adding seasoning couldn't salvage the tastelessness of the ramen. The pork in the soup had a very strong pork smell. The prices were also pretty high. So having paid a high price for very bland food left a bad taste in my mouth (not just from the soup). The service was good but since the food was not, I will not be going back unless the reviews get better. Very disappointing!I love noodles. All types. I'll take it anyway. I love ramen so i'm so excited to finally make my way to ramen boy on tues night. Didn't get a chance to read the negative reviews before coming. 
Seems like they made a lot of changes since they opened last month. 
1. Service- excellent. We were seated right away. Water was refilled. Order was correct. Waitress came to check in on us. 
2. Ambiance- I thought the stools were fine. I mean, I had no plans to sit there for a few hours so they didn't bother me. And it helps you sit straight!
3. Food- I wouldn't call myself a ramen expert but I've had ramen in NYC in various ramen places a few times. I had the classic and CC had the miso. I thought the broth had good flavor but too heavy. That was my first thought. I needed something to cut the richness. Can ramen be too rich? I think so. Had good pork flavor. 3 pieces of semi fatty pork. Not pork belly. Flavor was good but room temperature in the soup. Egg was overcooked and was slightly cold but the hot broth heat it back up. I ordered the noodles al dente and I thought it had the perfect tooth feel. It didn't taste house made as other yelpers mentioned. Salt content was fine. Nothing like a generous sprinkle of hot pepper. I don't like the miso. Thought it was a bit strong. 
4. Price- seems like they lowered the price based on many yelpers review. I can see why. The $9 a bowl seems reasonable for the classics and I think it was originally $10. But for those who wants spicy ramen, $13 a bowl seems steep. 
Overall, I'll come back again. Good place to grab a bite to eat in Chinatown if you have a small group and want to try ramen. I think it is still byob.
Overall, I'm giving it 4 stars due to ambiance, cleaniness, convenience and it's pretty solid. And most importantly, seems like they really listened to their customers and changed a few things.Finally, Philadelphia has ramen!  I must have been asleep this month when news of their opening was released, but judging by the increasingly positive reviews since then maybe it's a good thing I missed out on them working out all their kinks.
Had a chance to speak to the chef, who was very friendly and takes pride in what he does.  Gyoza, broth, noodles, everything is handmade here.  Got the gyoza, spicy and classic ramen.  All were quite good, gyoza was a little on the cool side but definitely tasted fresh.  
Spicy ramen came topped with fatty steak and a deep rich orange spicy broth.  It wasn't super spicy, but enough to compliment the noodles and wake up the sinuses.  Classic was a chicken-pork broth and came topped with HUGE pork slabs.  You even get to request the softness of the noodles- al dente all the way!  
I thought the space and decor was great, and if you sit at the noodle bar you can get a peek of how everything goes into the meal.  Great for those who've seen the movie 'Tampopo' or are crazy enough ramen nuts to watch documentaries of it on Japanese TV translated into english, and want to watch the action live.  
Prices are comparable to what you would find in other ramen shops outside of Philly.  
Definitely recommend this place, broth was thick and rich and noodles were perfectly chewy.I went for the first time last week.  Is it as good as authentic ramen from Japan?  Nope.  Did I expect it to be?  Of course not.  Was it still delicious?  Yeah, sure.  Hey Philly, stop complaining - it's all we've got!  I don't know anything about the gas line problem after it opened but it seems to be resolved.  The place itself is very cool and reminds me of a typical ramen shop in Tokyo.  I tried the Miso Ramen and Shrimp Gyoza and thought it was quite tasty.  I'd go back.Despite the poor reviews on Yelp, I decided to give Ramen Boy a fair chance. I was in the area with my mom and aunt, and it was nice noodle soup weather. 
First off, even the drinks were not on par. Mom and aunt ordered green tea, which must be artificially colored. It's BRIGHT green, which was a huge turn off. We got an order of shrimp gyoza for the table to share. They are disappointing - full of vegetables and tiny pieces of (what seems to have been) dried shrimp. Adding chili into the sauce they give you helps...
Onto the main event: ramen. Mom and I ordered the spicy ramen and aunt ordered the miso. No one liked their bowl at all. I felt as if mine was not edible. Our soup was not even spicy. The meat was chewy. Not into the "creaminess" some have mentioned.
With Sang Kee down the street and the multitude of pho restaurants, I don't see how this place will stay open long. I've been to Japan and I'd rather wait to go back than eat here again. I will go back to relying on $.35 packaged ramen and going to NYC.My friend and I were expecting much more flavor in these ramen noodles, but it just wasn't there. The service was excellent, calming even. The atmosphere of the restaurant itself is clean, modern, nice size. I like the stools offering a place for my purse. Now then, the food. 
First, if you're going to charge $15 (total) for a bowl of ramen noodles in miso with chicken and three dumplings, I expect there to be some flavor. I added sesame oil and chili pepper and still, nothing notable arose. The noodles were cooked al dente as ordered, but seemed to get soggier as they sat in the steaming, slightly sweet miso broth. 
The dumplings were good, but even those seemed overpriced to order individually. I caught a glimpse of the portion of edamame and that, too, seemed overpriced for the portion. Not impressed, Ramen Boy. 
They do take Visa and allowed us to split our check, which is a rarity in Chinatown. My buddy and I kept going back and forth at how many stars we'd give them and I settled on 2 rather than 3 because of the lack of flavor.I've been to Japan, and I've eaten ramen in numerous traditional and chain restaurants. Having said that, when I came back to the states, I was jonesing for some traditional ramen, and Ramen Boy has delivered! I've gone there three times in the past month!  I truly do not understand the negative reviews given to this place.
The tea Ramen Boy uses is a more traditional matcha green tea, so it naturally has that powdery residue at the bottom. The last time I went in there I was asked "how would you like your noodles cooked." It's probably because so many people were complaining about how they do their noodles, but their traditional way of cooking is the best way in my opinion. I also love all the toppings which they put in their ramen, bean sprouts, half an egg, and all the other good stuff. Their katsu curry rice makes me think I'm back in Japan. If you get it, I would strongly suggest not comparing it to curries of other countries, for Japanese curry is a style unto itself. 
As for the atmosphere, I think it's pretty unique. They have a pseudo Japanese environment, while still maintaining a more popish/western feel. Their seats are actually quite comfortable, but you cannot lean back in them. Their bathroom was sparkling clean. About the only thing I disliked, was that you could not see over the divider while sitting. I thoroughly enjoyed watching the ramen chefs in Japan do their work, but could not as easily do so in Ramen Boy. 
I strongly suggest going here if you want a more traditional Japanese eat, rather than going to one of the many recent pop restaurants that have no clue as to the spirit of the food.Ramen do not al dente noodles and bland meat make.  The pork wasn't seasoned and the noodles barely cooked.  The broth was also bland and the portion really tiny for the price.  Alas, my hopes for an authentic ramen place in Phila were dashed.  Kudos for the attempt but not for the execution.I have decided to come here and I have to reconsider. It's close by but the portions just are crazy. crazy small. I'm pretty thankful that I didn't get any of the ramen; settling just for the dessert was disappointing enough. For 3 odd dollars you get 2 pieces of ice cream mochi as indicated. However when it came; it was actually one piece cut in half! How cheap can you get?! The drink is sourced from a 1 liter drink that you can pick up for 1.50 at any asian grocery store (within walking distance), they charge for 2 and some change. 
I'm sorry I just can't get past the idea that they would dare cut in half "one" ice cream mochi to sell it as two. That gives ramen boy 1 star.. for 1 mochi. not even two.I have been waiting for ramen in Philly for the past 10 years.  Sure you can go to Morimoto's for a bowl but I prefer my ramen to be down home and casual.  First let me say that I stalk ramen joints.  I have been to almost every ramen restaurant in NJ and NY and what I am using for a basis of comparison is Totto Ramen which I rank as number one.  With that being said, Ramen Boy is decent and they can only get better.  Here is the ramen breakdown:
I ordered the spicy miso broth which wasn't on the menu but the chef said he would gladly do it for me.  The broth was tasty, has a smooth/slightly creamy miso finish...maybe it could have been creamier however I loved that the broth was NOT too salty.  The chicken that came in the miso was a huge and generous portion.  It was seasoned and would have been amazing had it not been slightly undercooked.  That is an easy fix though and I liked the chicken more so than the traditional fatty pork pieces.  The noodles were perfect!!  I have sent ramen back before in NYC for undercooked noodles and these were just right.  The egg was perfectly cooked so that it was soft boiled.  I appreciated that because the runny yolk just adds to the flavor and texture.  The corn and the bamboo shoots were fine and when my bowl was served to me it was piping hot.  When the waitress took my order I asked for the spicy addition and to hold the bean sprouts (I hate those things).  When my bowl came they forgot to take out the sprouts which they immediately noticed and offered to comp my ramen and make me a new one.  I am not one to waste ramen so I let them just take it off the check while I picked those little suckers out for about 5 minutes.  Everyone was friendly and it is clear they are still in the soft opening phase.  They will need a few more weekends to get the ebb and flow down but hopefully they will be a well oiled ramen machine by the spring. 
Now the physical restaurant critique:  The decor and ambiance is nice.  I like how there is a bar if you go alone or tables for 2 or more people.  I do agree with the first 3 reviews..those cube chairs are terrible and I don't like to shove my coat and have it be one inch off the ground.  Also, there wasn't anywhere to hang my purse.  All they need are coat hooks or under the bar purse hangers and that will be a non issue.  
In short, I will go back because I have three other ramens yet to try.  Hopefully there will be coat hooks the next time I return and if you are from Ramen Boy and you are reading this, feel free to contact me if you every need an honest opinion on broth or the recipee for curry ramen because I want to see you guys succeed.  Good luck!Finally! A ramen place in Philly! 
I would recommend the Ramen Boy Classic ramen. It's a tonkotsu broth (pork bone broth) that is light and delicious, and isn't too salty. The noodles themselves were well cooked- al dente and chewy! The stewed pork belly (chashu) had good flavor, but needs to be...dare I say...a bit fattier! 
The gyozas were a letdown. I tried the chicken with garlic, as well as the "philly cheese steak" gyoza. I think a bit more salt/seasoning would've made a world of difference. The dipping sauces didn't make much of an impact either. 
Love the decor! Wooden stools were surprisingly comfy, and loved their practicality. (also doubled as a cubby to store purses/backpacks) Overall, decent place to curb ramen cravings. I'm already eyeing the Spicy Ramen for the next visit!From outside place looks alright, so we decided to try it. Waitstaff greeted us in Japanese, which we replied in Japanese, they looked stunned and confused, I guess if you dont speak in Japanese, dont try it, if you're Chinese, do not pretend you're Japanese just because it's Japanese Ramen House.
The tables and chairs is small, cramped, and uncomfy at all, no where to hang the jacket, the waitress told us we can stuff them under the chair, with times, I bet it will be dirty because some people will surely step their shoes in there.
Price is a bit steep for typical chinatown noodle, but we used to eat Ramen at Mitsuwa, so we thought if we have ramen place closer, we wont mind pay a bit more. BUT WRONG, the noodle texture is good, but the rest is aweful, broth, beef, pork, bamboo shoot, egg, all TASTELESS.
Definetely wont come back, sorry, we love Yakitori Boy (Same owner with this place) but Ramen Boy ... EPIC FAILTheir traditional Ramen was good, much lighter than Santouka!.Other ramen was really not "Ramen" in my definition. However, they tasted good for "American fusion Ramen" ... I'd like to see more options on flavor such as Shoyu Soy-Source. I plan to visit them once a month as I want to support them and see how they grow! I will give them 5 STARTS !! for their service and cleanliness. Restroom is super clean and my wife was happy. its important.The first Real Japanese Ramen Shop in Philly!! 
Gotta say the number of Fake Japanese Spot here was driving me crazy!! This was the first place with a real Japanese staff, with food to match!! I came in on a rainy Friday afternoon!! The staff all called welcome when I walked in Real Japanese style! I ordered the Tonkotsu Ramen, the first time I've even seen it offered here. The noodels and pork were perfect!!  The broth was really good. It could have been hotter, but I think they're cooking with a mindset of "new experience customer" in mind. The feel of the space is right out of Tokyo sharp and clean!! Really liked the feel of an authentic Ramen Shop!! Great Start!!!Philly check this spot out!!!Yeah! The best restaurant in Chinatown for sure! Nice decoration! The food was outstanding! I had the CURRY RICE last time and it's really good!My friend told me that the spicy ramen which is not too spicy is good too, I think I will try it next time.Finally , I can get rid of PHO!! LOL..Even though this place closed I had the below as notes so why not upload it. The service was okay but the soup base was flavorless. The texture of the noodles reminded me of instant noodles . The pork belly was a bit too thin and the soft boiled egg was hard boiled. I really like the bucket seats that can hold your purse though.Ordered a miso ramen and spicy beef ramen. Waited 40 min for food to arrive and they made a classic ramen instead of spicy beef ramen. Had to wait another 10 min. The miso ramen was very bland and chicken not seasoned at all. The spicy ramen was bland too and very mild. Beef was cold. My advice is go spend your money at many of the other better restaurants in Chinatown. Stay away from this place.Me n my girl were so exicted when we heard ramen boy was  about to open.
we always go to NY to eat ramen. It really a huge favour for us having ramen boy at china town.
we love to try something new,especially japanese food. We think that ramen boy has done a great job by serving THE REAL authentic taste of ramen noodle n I believe some people couldnt handle the taste. We love he broth, noodle n the gyoza too!! We cant wait to go back again to taste the gyudon, and i hope they will add more appetizer to their menu such as takoyaki, tamGoyaki...  I highly recommend this place to those people who APPRECIATE the art of food and authentic flavours of ramen.Ramen is comfort food people! 
It took a very long time, but ramen is finally in Philadelphia hopefully to to stay. I loved everything about Ramen Boy, but let's talk about the food.
I don't know what people expected, but Ramen Boy delivered. The broth was clearly made from scratch, the pork belly done perfectly, and the noodles ... oh boy the noodles... not too firm and not too mushy. Goldilocks would have approved.
The service was on point and the atmosphere friendly.
Don't listen to the naysayers. Try it for yourself. It's comfort food! Go after a hard day at work or after a fight with your significant other. You'll feel better.Despite all the negative reviews, I had to try Philly's first ramen house since it's one of my favorite noodle soups. And you know what? It was not that bad!
 I ordered the Miso ramen because a friend that I came with had the Tonkatsu one and did not enjoy it. The bowl that came out was humungous and with a nicely looked soft boiled egg. When you order their ramen, they ask you how you liked your noodles cooked (al dente, soft, etc.). I thought that was a nice touch since I've never been asked that before. I ordered al dente noodles and while they were cooked more than al dente, it was not over cooked either. Overall noodle texture was pretty good. I don't normally order Miso ramen because it tends to be a bit too strong in flavor and salt for me but Ramen Boy's version was surprisingly bland. I wouldn't say even in a bad way because it was similar to the flavor I'd expect of shoyu ramen which I generally enjoy more. All it really needed was a bit of the chili sprinkles (which wasn't spicy but added more depth and saltiness). The bowl was also served with large pieces of chicken and corn inside. I definitely did not care for the chicken and if I return, I'll order the miso one again but with the pork that's normally in the Tonkatsu.
I also tried the pork gyoza, which were just typical of Asian restaurants so no complaints there. 
Decor is very cute and it really does give you the same feel as other ramen places. I especially love the butt groove in the stools LOL. The servers were also very nice and friendly. Our waitress accidentally thought I ordered a combo instead of just a bowl (because everyone else at my table did) and when she came out with the gyoza, she immediately apologized and took it off our bill. The kitchen ended up giving me the gyoza for free anyway. 
Overall, I thought it was a decent attempt at being the first ramen place and I'm guessing they've improved since their grand opening. Is it perfect or like Ippudo? No way! But I also don't think it deserves the bad reviews it's been getting on Yelp. Definitely give this place a try and form your own opinion instead of just brushing it off because of reviews.Heard about this place before it opened up (my mother was invited to try it before they opened) and was intrigued to see what they had to offer.  
Came here for lunch on Saturday and it was fairly packed but we were seated at the bar right away.  Took a look at the menu and wasn't notified until we ordered that the lunch specials were not available on the weekends.  A simple caption underneath the specials could save them from disappointing people.  We ordered a seaweed salad,  my boyfriend had the spicy ramen and I had the miso ramen.  The seaweed salad was on the small side, but ended up being fine since the ramen filled us up.  My boyfriends' ramen had an ok broth, but was not nearly as spicy as he hoped so he kept adding chili spice to enhance the flavor.  His was served with beef, and it was overcooked.  My miso ramen was a disappointment (compared to Menkui Tei in NYC of course).  Broth was rich but bland in flavor.  I ended up adding a lot of chili spice and a few dashes of sea salt to bring out some flavor.  Mine was served with chicken which was tender, but lacked some flavor as well.
Not horrible but not great.  Still need to find their niche and develop more flavorful broths.  Wanted to hold out on trying them to see if they would get better as time went on, but perhaps I need to wait longer till my next visit.The scathing reviews on here are completely unjustified. I'm a white guy and I know that for one the decor, seats and overall environment are not meant to treat you like you're in some upscale mock Japanese sushi restaurant; and two, the menu is limited, inexpensive (ie. not Momofuku in NY because it is a ramen noodle joint in Philadelphia, read David Chang's book about Momofuku and you'll see what they had to do to get to the point they have). This place is a perfect example of Japanese street food done right. I will say that the miso ramen is a little bland but the classic ramen is delicious. I have full confidence that ingredients will improve, and that this spot will be successful despite these entitled, snotty reviews. Get over yourself, this is a japanese ramen noodle joint, the first legit one in Philadelphia. If you want seats with a back and wait staff that want to sit one person at a 4 top despite the ramen bar, then go to Rittenhouse square and eat sushi. The less of you, the less ill have to wait for a table at Ramen Boy.Utterly disappointing. I was hoping for something similar to ippudo or momofuku. Not even remotely close.  The reviewer below said he went to all ramen joints in NY and gave this place 3 stars? WHAT? The tonkotsu broth was almost clear. Definitely not made with real pork bones, but rather some premade stock.  Just not at all the same compared to the thick rich broth they serve up in the top NYC joints.  The pork was terrible. Tough and no flavor.  Not pork belly.  The noodles were ok. The other ingredients such as the egg were also very lackluster. Not worth going back at all. Not a real ramen joint.  So disappointing as a good bowl of ramen is my favorite food.I LOVE RAMEN BOY! I really hope it isn't closed..
There are so many low reviews on this place, i can't understand why!
From the moment i walked into the restaurant i had great service. They greeted me with smiles, and were very polite. I got the Spicy noodles, i forget the exact name. I ordered the extra spicy, and when they asked me what type of noodles i wanted i got the firm. 
I was a little confused at first about the noodle type, but my waitress was very nice when she was explaining it to me.
The food came out at a nice time, not too long, not too rushed. It wasn't as spicy as i thought, but there were extra spices in front of me. I loved how they just checked in every few minutes with a smile asking if i needed anything. The service is the best thing about Ramen Boy! 
My friend ordered the classic ramen boy, and the broth had a lot of flavor. The meat included was also very good ! Not like the meat you get in pho, it was a new experience. I felt like i was in a Japanese cartoon, eating against the side where the chefs cook. The only downside is that the place is pretty small, so you shouldn't go with big groups.
Ramen boy, yum.I was really excited about a ramen restaurant in Philly but was so disappointed. I had the Ramen Boy Classic and I've definitely had better. The pork was so bland and I just didn't like the noodles (I've had better). I normally never add anything to my ramen noodles but they offer chili oil and powder, which helps the flavoring of the broth. You may also want to add salt too if you get the ramen.
I also had the pork gyoza and they were okay-- nothing special.
My total bill was about $15 both, which was standard but definitely not worth it because I didn't enjoy or even finish my ramen.
The restaurant can accommodate small groups. We had 8 people and were split up among 2 separate bars because there were other customers. If you want a table, it's probably best to stick to 4-5 people max. Also, the chairs are wooden without a back and oddly shaped in the middle so it can be uncomfortable to sit for a long period.I've had my fair share of Japanese ramen - NYC, Japan, San Fran, LA, etc. Needless to say, the bar has been set fairly high. Like others have said already, it has fallen completely short of the mark.
Decor/ambience was fine/acceptable, but it doesn't factor into my rating unless there's swastikas on the walls or filth on the floors. Menu choices are diverse enough. A great place doesn't need many choices anyway.  Service was fine. 
The chairs/seats sacrificed comfort for style. Just use regular chairs at least.
Food came out a little on the slow side. Usually understandable if busy, but it wasn't. And our food was warm/lukewarm - maybe our friends' order of the veggie ramen threw them a curveball. Either way, not-hot-food is unacceptable.
I went with the "tonkotsu" option. 
The broth was fairly light and not fatty at all. It may have been a double broth mixed with something else - it's tough to say because I'm not a chef. Flavor of the broth was very subtle at best, which may be intentional. Tasted more like a sho-yu based broth if anything. Either way, it did not have the characteristic flavor of tonkotsu base. It may have been intentional but definitely not to my liking.   2/5
The chashu was incomplete;  they bothered to roll what looked like pork belly yet didn't bother marinating/seasoning/searing at all. It tasted boiled and was a little chewy/tough.  0/5. 
The softboiled egg was fine. Menma tasted a little different, but no biggie there. 3/5.
Noodles came out about right. I prefer my noodles more cooked, but again that's up to the chef. 3/5.
Portions were about right.  4/5.
Overall, Ramen Boy is a 3 out of 10. I've had worse ramen before (in Hawaii no less) but this place has potential. My core recommendations:
1) Fix your food - see above.  
2) Fix your prices - $10 for a bowl is NYC prices, and that will not fly in Philly, especially when the food is not top notch and when a cheaper/tastier option is just around the corner.
3) Fix your chairs - i.e. replace them with something comfortable.
4) Fix the menus of typos - your attention to the decor should match the attention to the menu's accuracy. This isn't a fast Chinese take-out joint.If you want comfy seats to sit in for hours, you should go to Franklin Mortgage and Investment Company, get a Gunslinger they're really good. Looking for 5 star interior aesthetics, you should go to a Starr Restaurant like Parc, its beautiful in there. If you want a coat rack go to Pier 1 I'm sure they'll have something to accommodate you.  If you want really good ramen you should go to Ramen Boy, the classic ramen tastes like liquid pork shoulder. The staff is super nice and accomadating. My only complaint is their hours. I work late and they close early.
    I don't usually give reviews on Yelp a second thought but the complaints are a bit trivial. My advice is to use Yelp to get business hours, addresses and a phone number. Reviews like this one and every other one here are subjective and basically full of hot air.Finally got to try this place. I was so happy that Ramen is finally coming to Philadelphia and why not the first being an offshoot from my favorite Philadelphia Izakaya (Yakitori Boy)? 
I was a bit worried, given the Ramen at Yakitori Boy is awful and so many people had been hating on this place; even had the gall to dock it a star simply because it was uncomfortable. I mean come on, either the people who came here didn't understand why Ramen was such a big deal or make Ramen out to be the biggest deal in the universe. Come on people, it is a bowl of soup! /end rant.
OK, so to the actual food: It is legit.  Pork Gyoza. Made fresh. Not too fatty. Pan fried perfectly. Separate vinegar and ponzu sauce together in same dipping dish. Nice touch. 
Went with the classic noodle bowl. Why should you have anything else? If you wanted a different noodle bowl go get pho, nan zhou or ting wong around the corner. THIS. IS. RAMEN. OK? Choice of noodle? Check. Get it firm like a pro. Get some extra cha-shu. Only $2. Perfectly grilled. Nice and meaty, fall-a-part tender and the fat melts in your mouth. Broth tastes great. Not too salty, not too bland. Creamy, chewy, nutty with a touch of spring onion and sesame. Its like a soupy, savory, liquid pork fat cake. Your mouth watering yet?  If you are not content, throw some shichimi spice and hot oil. Soy sauce. Whatever...you can do what you want, I don't care. 
My only gripe is that it is not hot enough. I should be struggling trying to slurp the noodles up to the point where I am blowing a lung trying to suck in as much air to keep the noodles from burning the roof of my mouth. This is how the Japanese eat noodles. I got my suspicions as to why it is not hot enough but they are just suspicions so there is that. I'll give 5 stars anyway to show my support.   
For the first Philadelphia Ramen joint, they have set a pretty damn good standard.My friend had been here before mysterious "gas line" shutdown and complained about the food at Ramen Boy.  When she heard that they improved after reopening, she convinced me to go with her.  
We came here on a Friday night as a party of five.  It was pretty empty in the restaurant when we were seated.  They get +1 for the coat racks.  Everyone seemed to enjoy the "butt groove" stools.  I just liked that I could shove my purse underneath the stool.
I guess they are still working out the kinks because a server asked what we wanted to drink, and five seconds later another server asked us.  I was very disappointed to hear that there was no lemon available for my water.
We order chicken and veggie gyoza and 3 of the different kinds of ramen (not veggie).  The gyoza tasted like frozen from a bag dumplings.  Not worth it.
The ramen...well we were never asked how we wanted the ramen noodle cooked so it came out mushy and soft.  The miso was so tangy and strange.  I had one sip of the broth and it was not good.  The chicken in the soup was also pretty burnt.  The spicy ramen tasted like watered down red pepper paste.  The beef in this was inedible.  
The classic was the best of the three.  The broth had a subtle flavor and the pork, while really fatty was okay.  The little jar of spices is a godsend!  This definitely made the dinner better.
It feels like Ramen Boy is just trying to dress up a  $1 pack of ramen noodles with lots of toppings and fillers.  The broths need improvement!