The ramen here is so good. It's also so big it's a double meal which means its pretty cheap in retrospect.I usually take the food to-go from here and have dinned here a couple of times. They allow everything except ramen to-go. 
It is a pretty decent place with aesthetic interiors and good service. The price usually average to $10-$15, so its pretty affordable. I have ordered their chicken ramen, chicken fried rice and katsu dish before. I love the ramen and fried rice the most. Ramen is perfect for rainy, cold days when you just want some warm delicious soup style dish. It is a comfort soul food for those days for sure. I enjoy their fried rice as well. It has a hint of ginger, which just brings the dish together. It is such a complementary flavor and I like it. 
They also have happy hour and I would definitely recommend those hours if you want to get value on your food with some drinks included. Try them out :)It's all right. Just happens to be one of the only ramen places close to campus. Wait, no. It's the only one, I remember now, that's why we went here for lunch. Veggie ramen was fine, and it was nice that they offered either a pork or a vegan broth to go with it. Didn't have a spicy option however. Egg was overcooked and cost extra. Service was fine. Overall, nothing to write home about, and certainly not cheap enough to make me come again considering everything.I tried this restaurant with my friends, and taste and quality were okay. However, I don't understand that some dishes are more expensive ( additional $1~2) than another Ramen bar which is located at 40th near UPenn. Why?The ramen here doesn't taste good. The Gyudon tastes nothing like Gyudon. After being here twice, I have concluded that this is another fake Japanese restaurant to fool the average Americans who have never tasted real Japanese food. 
For authentic Japanese ramen and rice dishes, I recommend Maido in Ardmore. It's run by Japanese mothers who cook these food for their families.New place that just opened up in University City and i must admit.. they're doing great so far! Good food, excellent customer service and a very welcoming setting. Sushi tastes fresh and well made will definitely recommend to anyoneI was walking the streets right off of Drexel's campus looking for something new to try. There was a Chipotle followed by a place called Blaze Pizza and a few steps further I ran into this place. From the window it looked clean and had a really nice modern vibe to it, so I went for it and I'm so glad I did!!!!! I had the bowl of Kara Kara Ramen with the greatest soft boiled egg floated on top of it. It wasn't as spicy as I would have liked it to be but it was super flavorful. But don't worry if you need it a little hotter they give you Chile oil that you can add to it. The price was right at $13 and I couldn't believe how fast the service was. I was in and out of there in 25 minutes. I will definitely return as should anyone in the mood for a good bowl of ramen.Very good ramen, will be back to this regularly for lunch. The only thing keeping this from 5 stars is the portion of pork was kind of small, and they charge extra for toppings that other ramen spots include in the dish at no charge. Good service and atmosphere.Probably the worst ramen I ever had in a while. I ordered their signature tonkotsu chashumen and gyoza. Gyoza was bland and served after 20mins, ramen had a stale feel of the veggies while the broth had no texture. To add to the misery, the servers were cleaning tables next to me with the aerosol spray which kept flying in the air. Save yourself the trouble of visiting here!Yaaaaaas please! I love this place! The decor is modern and clean. The service is exceptionally fast and the prices are reasonable. A bowl of ramen goes for about $10-$15. The broth is super flavorful and the ingredients are fresh and delicious. We also had an order of california rolls ($5) for 6 pieces. Excellent!! My whole experience here was a positive one. I have no negative things to say about this establishment. I can't wait to go back and try something else off the menu!!!I chanced upon this place and decided to give it a go. I was pleasantly surprised! I thought the ramen was pretty good and the prices range from $10-15. 
My friend and I also got the takoyaki as an appetizer. That one was just okay and I don't think I'll be ordering that as an appetizer in the future. 
This place doesn't really compare to the taste at Terakawa but I would say that it's pretty good if you're on the hunt for ramen. Overall, I had a good experience here.One of my new favorite places in the city. Nice bar when you enter where you can sit at and drink some sake or a Kirin while watching a game. The ramen is very good as well, nice big portions.To the owner : you are too cheap to foot the $.50 charge on a $14 bill and need to take it out of your servers pockets? You should be reported to the restaurant server advocacy bureau) Getting the sense they haven't worked out the kinks yet in this location---also noodles themselves are just "meh" and not very authentic. "Service" is subjective. Seems as though they have no one managing the place or fulfilling any real "roles"--at least at lunch. Server nice enough but a bit lackluster.
Plus, they have a $15 minimum on credit cards and the student servers are not encouraged to "think outside " the proverbial box with this one. $15 minimum ? Really ? I totally get it with a less than $10 but this is an awful rule--you can't get up off of the $.50 charge for letting someone run a cc and you are going to make me order a soda (the server asked me if I wanted to add a "to-go order of sushi??? "Or something...? Really? WTF? Again not their fault:( it's yours, owner.
I know people say this all the time but it's really not about the money (for the record I left my server a $5.00 tip
On a $14.00 bill) but the proverbial principle of the matter.
Policies are guidelines--for people coming in, sitting at the bar for hours , not leaving when you have a wait....the place was practically empty --please don't tell me it's physically impossible for you to run a credit card without a minimum. He actually said (upon ordering said coke) "hold on--let me make sure that puts you over the minimum--" for the record my bill was already at $12.95. Would he really have not run my credit card at $14.98. Just plain stupid policy. Again I blame the owners for making the servers enforce this dumb rule and hide behind a "well we have to pay a minimum . Here's a thought. Encourage your staff to think outside the box and make autonomous decisions when a patron rings a $14.98 order instead of $15. I bet he'd get reprimanded if he violated this policy so I didn't even bother to raise a fuss. This is my fuss. This policy has always chapped my ass.
I don't blame him. He was sweet as pie. I blame the owners for a policy that really
Discourages patronage of your mediocre food with barely care services. 
I guess students might not care but I'm in my 30's and I can definitely say I won't be back.Ramen Bar was exceptional!
Chris was such a great host, positive attitude and awesome customer service.
I had the gyoza and ebi tempura (comes with deep fried veggies!) for an appetizer, and the Chicken Miso Ramen for my entree (added the marinated boiled egg and shrimp) ... nothing short of amazing! The broth coupled with the toppings and garnishes were the perfect flavor combination. Came to about $20, it was happy hour so the app's were $4.00
It's an after work, happy hour vibe, with good music and a decent amount of tables. 
There is limited street parking. 
Would definitely visit again!Wow! That was SO good.
It's a problem when you come during happy hour (ends at 6:30pm on weekdays) and you're lightweight.
Got the Sake Sangria ($6). It was good. They don't skimp on the sake. That was well-appreciated. BUT...
I only ordered the drink and the Tonkotsu ramen and went alone! Why is that a problem?
That broth is OUT of this world good. Okay, MAYBE I'm exaggerating. But it is EXTREMELY rich and milky. I love Terakawa, but the ramen here is giving you a run for your money! I got the wavy noodles, too, and it was clinging the broth good... which is exactly what you want when you get a noodle soup dish.
Cleaned that bowl so quick I was basically chugging my drink to keep up. I think I was able to walk in a straight line out the restaurant. Is everything still spelled correctly here? Yea? Okay! Then I'm still good. The night is young.
P.S. Service is excellent! Extremely friendly and quick. :)My three co-workers and I arrived at Ramen Bar around 1:30PM today. The place was not packed, maybe 2-3 small groups of diners. It took about 25mins for my co-workers to receive their ramen bowls which was fine. About 15mins goes by and I have still not received my food. None of the servers came up to update me. So i asked two different servers if they could check on my food order. One said that the chef forgot to make it and the other said that the entree line was backed up. Either way, one of the servers lied to me. By the time my food arrived, I had to take it to go since my co-workers were already done eating. No discounts or free appetizers were given to make up for their mistakes. Also the entree I ordered was not worth the $13 i spent. In conclusion, the servers were really nice, but the service was bad, the food was bad and I wasted my lunch break watching my co-workers eat.The food here is pretty decent for a ramen place. The portions are enough to fill you up and the broth is good. There is a variety of different ramen options for you to try, along with sushi, appetizers, rice dishes, and drinks. 
The prices for ramen are a fair range of $10-12 depending on what you order. If you're not full, there's a +$2 option for more noodles on the bottom of the menu somewhere. The appetizers a bit too pricy if you ask me, though. For a couple pieces of gyoza (dumplings) for $6 or just two skimpy tuna avocado pieces for $9? Overpriced.
The service here is a hit-or-miss. They can be exceptionally slow some days, but very quick on other days. In fact, some days, the servers are way too speedy. It's like they're trying to rush you out the door even if it isn't crowded -- my friend and I ate here the other day and we literally spent less than 20 minutes dining here. We ordered, got our food, and the server collected our dishes within a minute of our last bite! She dropped our check at the same time. We barely had time to digest before walking out the door. 
They need to find a balance with their servers on timing. But other than that, the food here is pretty good for an on-campus ramen joint. This place is spacious and clean.Ramen is decent here but not the best in philadelphia, I got the tonkatsu bowl and it was alright. The sauce and the hard boiled egg is pretty good but nothing really special. The ambiance is nice although it is sometimes packed with studentsThe food is very good. The broth is flavorful and the noodles are chewy. We ordered cocktails, which were well-balanced and presented beautifully. 
However, the service was subpar. We had three different waitresses serve our table. There was no communication between them. They all asked us the same thing. One would clear our table and take our drink order. Then the other two would ask us if we wanted to order anything else. I was not impressed.  I think I'll sit at the bar next time.I tried this place for takeout and it was so nice in there and nice bar. Look forward to coming back for happy hour.  Salmon Avocado and spicy tuna rolls tasted fresh.  Gyoza was yummy too!  Very quick for lunch takeout!I accidentally went to this ramen bar instead of the one on Locust. Big mistake. I got the shoyu ramen. The pork and the broth had no flavor, and the boiled egg had not been marinated at all. Deeply disappointing meal. The server was really nice and the takoyaki was the only thing that tasted good. I've eaten a lot of ramen and this was ramen in appearance only.Today was the soft opening of Ramen Bar's new location on the Drexel campus. Since I'm not very familiar with the Drexel surroundings, I initially had some trouble finding it, but it's essentially on the Lancaster Ave side of The Summit building, next to Old Nelson. 
The space is more modern and spacious than its other location off of the Penn campus. There is also more of an ambiance, with stylish light fixtures and some wall art, in addition to the usual back-lighting. The menu and pricing are pretty much the same as the other location, with a lot of ramen and sushi options as their main dishes, ranging $10-$15. 
The service was friendly and efficient. I got the Shoyu Chashumen, which comes with 3 pieces of pork. The texture of the pork was a bit greasy, but the noodles and broth were good. I also ordered an avocado salad, which was pretty sizable, yet light, as it comes with a very light sesame dressing. 
Overall, good experience for the first day. I definitely want to come back to try some of their sushi or rice bowls.This place is great for vegetarian sushi lovers as it has two veggie special rolls as well as the standard sushi rolls like avocado cucumber and sweet potato. We got the dinosaur roll ( mixed veggies and spicy mayo) and loved it. I also liked the tori katsudon but wasn't a huge fan of the teriyaki chicken. It was a bit dry and probably could have used more teriyaki sauce. But it's a healthier rice option on the menu since it is entirely grilled chicken. 
Definitely don't leave without dessert! The mochi ice cream (red bean paste and great tea) were both great but dorayski combo was incredible. It was basically a red bean paste stuffed pancake with red paste ice cream. So simple but so good!!
This is a great new addition to the Drexel area. Although I don't live in university city, I'll definitely be back to try the vegetarian ramen and get more dessert!Hands down my favorite ramen bar on campus. I have the same order every time we come: chicken miso ramen. I love the Veggies it comes with, especially the bamboo. But I usually ask them to leave off the ginger. They even give you a narato fish cake!
They do close in the middle of the day to reset from lunch to dinner. But they never attempt to push us out the door. The service is great and the happy hour specials are awesome. 
My only downer is that I've never enjoyed the sushi. But it was the place my group always met up at for dinner!I really enjoyed the happy hour. $4 appetizers. I had the tempura shrimp. I also got the lychee mojito. Very fresh and not syrupy. Giant piece of lychee in my glass!This place has solid food and sushi, great specials, and a good selection of ramen toppings. Their happy hour is worth checking out as well. Me and my friends love the fried octopus balls and mochi. The lack of stars is mostly for the service. The waitstaff seems unorganized and ranges from friendly to disinterested/borderline rude. Regardless, I will definitely stop by again for a quick bite and for happy hour.Went there for the first time yesterday and I believe I won't ever return back again. The ramen was not cooked when I received my order and as well as my chicken tasted like funnel cake.The first time my boyfriend and I ate here the food was fairly decent. We ordered gyoza for our appetizer which was delicious, but slightly overpriced. He ordered the tonkatsu ramen and I ordered the chicken katsu. We loved the ramen, but we had better katsu. It was really difficult to chew so I stopped eating it 2 strips in. The service is meh here. Some of the employees looked annoyed when we tried to get their attention. The second time I came with my friend and we both got the tom yum ramen. It wasn't my favorite. It was only spicy. No flavor. For desert we opted for the fried ice cream. The ice cream itself was delicious, but the fried part of the desert did not complement it well. It was too thick and took away from the ice cream. Then when it came to the bill, the waitress gave me the wrong change. I was missing 10 dollars. She apologized, but it annoyed us nonetheless. All in all, the ramen is pretty good (at least the tonkatsu is), but I think it is overpriced and the entrees can be hit or miss.Open during the summer vacation. Near the summit apartment which is very convenient for students. Price is reasonable for Japanese noodles in so many kinds! The broth is not too salty which I really appreciate. They offer various kinds of toppings, personally like the mushroom ear. Boiled eggs can be better^. ^ 
I also tried beef Don. But I prefer ramen because the beef tasted a little bit dry and not that flavorful as I expected. 
While the portion is huge! 
Another thing is card is not accepted unless you spend $15 more. It can be a little trouble for a single diner.Went here with my gf last nite, collected an automatic gratitude of 20%, will never go back for sure.I love ramen. I was in the philly area and saw that this place was pretty close by to our hotel, so we decided to give it a try. 
We didn't have a reservation, but were immediately seated. The interior is very nice, big and looked very modern. 
We had the spicy miso and another ramen (I don't remember the name). Both were very good and was the right amount of spicyness. We had the pommelicious and sake sangria, both were very good.
Overall, pretty good ramen. 
Good drinks.
Nice interior.Went for Happy Hour last Friday evening! So let's start with drinks, I had the Sake margarita, it was more sake than margarita and just like that I was in heaven. My date had the Tokyo Tea it was tasty! They were on the HH menu so $6 was well worth it. My next drink order was the Lychee Tini I enjoyed it but wasn't on par with my first choice. Now for the reason you're reading this: the food!!! Yum yum ! I'll start off with the mediocre we ordered an eye of the tiger roll. It was OK. For some reason the flavors just didn't meld together. When I return it won't be for the rolls. What was phenomenal, the ramen I ordered spicy miso with an egg which was prepared beautifully. A very velvety cool center that brought great contrast to hot spicy broth! The miso took me back to my time in Japan, the depth, the richness, and the flavor. They add butter which added the umami I've been searching for! I'm so in love! Even though the price to portion ratio is a bit much, I Will definitely be back I'll just add more noodles next time! Forget Terakawa this is my new spot! Shhhhhh! Keep it a secret though no need for the hipsters to create a wait time and keep me from my big bowl of warm love!Have been here twice, I am vegetarian, so few options. The dinosaur roll and veggie miso ramen are my favorites. Miso ramen is very flavorful and tastes really good with some soy and wasabi. You must end your lunch or dinner with a mochi. That is just awesome and the presentation will win you over. Giving 4 stars since there are very few options for vegetarians.This place was dank!!! I've waited to find a good ramen spot in Philly for a while. Living in society hill doesn't present a myriad of ramen options but I went here with a friend post yoga on the river. 
Expansive menu options, lots of ramen to choose from but also non-ramen items. My friend and I finished our ramen looked at the other table eating sushi and got hungry all over again.
They have vegetarian/vegan broth which is great and appreciated. It makes it easy to not have to compromise my diet when I eat out with friends. 
Good location, good atmosphere and good ramen!!Ramen was okay, I wasn't impressed and it's definitely not worth the price. The service was good and the food came out pretty quicklyThe restaurant is understaffed during lunch hour. It took 15 minutes to start taking the order. Ordered sushi and ramen. The rice fall apart when you pick them up. Ramen with pork and eggs was ok, no so impressive. When the next table left, the waitress spray the table up high that whatever she was spraying got right into the soup. Not very happy with my experience here. The Vietnamese food truck around the corner is so much better.Good ramen. Service was terrible. Was seated quickly. After 20 minutes (not exaggerating) of the wait staff avoiding eye contact and me trying to catch their attention the only way we ordered drinks was to call out to the server. They then proceeded to take 10 minutes to poor a glass of wine and deliver a beer. They then dropped our drink order on the floor. Still delivered the beer bottle they spilled. Re-poured the wine. The glad had lip marks all over the rim. I returned the wine and ordered a beer instead. They brought a beer and another glass of wine. I let them know I'm ok with just the beer. Then, when they brought the check they asked me if I wanted to pay for the wine that I never drank.
Please get a bartender who is not also a server. 
Good ramen though.Everything is super clean. Very close to neighbor! It looks like they have larger menu and more options than the one on 42nd street.Very nice location with a new and very updated restaurant that is inviting but offer a cool chill environment. Service is friendly and fast!I love this place.
The size of food is a little bit larger for me and I thought it is a little bit salty.
The price is not cheap.
But I will give it five star because the food is delicious in general.
By the way, I waited for a long time for the food.Got the chicken katsu donburi bowl. Good, but not outstanding. Katsu wasn't crispy enoughBeautiful bar design, food was great and service was really quick. Waitstaff was good about giving us time to enjoy our meal without seeming bothersome or pestering. However, I would recommend Cozara a few blocks down if sushi is what you're after. You'll just pay less for better sushi, no other way around that honestly, even though the sushi and sashimi I had here was awesome as well. All around great experience.Food was super delicious and the gluten free vegan broth didn't miss a beat on taste. Very awesomeI think that the food was awesome!I liked the  noodles because it had that soft  silky stain in my mouth and I thought I was going to die! And also I really liked the music because it sounded so nice in my ears ad I thought I was going to fall into a deep sleep like in sleeping beauty.I LOVED THE FOOD!I love this place especially when I am too lazy to cook and miss Asian food. But their acid bamboos are always smelly.I've been here twice. The first time I went at 2:50 pm for lunch because I didn't know they closed at 3 and opened back up at 4:30. They allowed me to sit and said we had 5 minutes to order. I barely looked at the menu and blindly ordered the spicy miso ramen with extra chashu pork. It was okay, not amazing. And it was quite pricey for just ramen with pork in it. It was something like $16 because I added two pieces of chashu and an egg. 
I went back during happy hour yesterday to give it another try. The server didn't give us a happy hour menu and we ordered our food and paid full price because I didn't know if any of it was supposed to be discounted. I then ordered the lychee mojito and had to ask when happy hour was. The server said "uh right now I think" and then he charged us happy hour price for the drink. Makes me wonder if I didn't say anything would they have charged us full price? 
Probably won't go back because it really wasn't that great and still just as expensive the second time around. I really wanted to like this place but I don't. Staff is okay... food, pricey for no reason.Full disclosure: I'm judging Philly restaurants by LA standards. The ratings might be harsh but someone has to tell the truth. 
TbcI really wanted to like this place since I live so close and I'm a sucker for ambiance. Unfortunately the only saving grace of Ramen Bar is their ambiance (great for bringing a date or having a business meeting, but don't bring anyone who has any concept of ramen unless you want them to school you on Ramen). 
3/5 Stars Service: We ordered 2 hot teas but somehow the server gave us 2 hot waters. When we clarified, he was very apologetic but pushed the blame on the waiter who took the order. He returned with the 2 same cup of waters with matcha powder mixed in. Service is fast but may have also been a reflection of how quickly we jetted after discovering lackluster food.
1/5 Stars Ramen. My advice? Save your money and stomach real estate - spend an extra 15 mins to travel toCenter City and get Hiro Ramen or Terawaka Ramen instead (I personally prefer Terakawa Chinatown over Terakawa University City). Still reading? That interested in  my explanation huh? Well, my Tonkotsu Chashumen was so bland I emptied out half the bottle each of sesame oil and chili powder to try to create a semblance of flavor in the broth. This only made my ramen tolerable to eat and halfway into the ramen, I gave into my protesting taste buds and raised the white napkin - I mean, uh, flag. BF's Spicy Miso only tasted mildly like it's name and similarly lacked flavor. Don't even get me started on the texture of the ramen - so soft and limp I could cook better ramen from the grocery store. The killer? The "marinated" boiled egg I paid an extra $1 for was so disappointing I thought they mistakenly gave me a breakfast hard boiled egg at first. I'm used to soft boiled eggs that are a perfect medium (not too runny but not hard) and that actually have taste. 
We did not actually try anything else on the menu since we assumed their speciality would be Ramen given their name is "Ramen Bar". I am still in disbelief and pinching myself to make sure this wasn't a bad dream.Very poor customer service, if there is something wrong with your food, they give you a hard time about switching and still make you pay for it.The atmosphere is really cool and modern. I love the fact that they give you chopsticks and huge bowls and spoons to eat out of and it's close to traditional ramen. Not all their dishes are flavorful, but I definitely recommend the Tom Yum ramen. It was salty and spicy, was pretty savory. The Spicy Miso wasn't that spicy and lacked in flavor. Also, all of their meat broths can be replaced for a vegan broth, which is pretty neat. One of my favorite items on their menu was the Spicy Salmon Crunchy Avocado roll, it was delicious. The place is also really clean.Food:
Absolutely the best ramen, chicken Katsu, spicy tuna roll in University City area! The wide range of Japanese food at the tame bar is great! 
Service:
The waiters and servers are really nice here and made my dining experience a perfect one!
Environment:
The contemporary design looks perfect for this place. It reminds me of japan.
Cost
The cost of the food is extremely reasonable so that's highly recommendedFood: 4/5 - mainly cause the sushi was good + fresh and the noodles for the ramen were well done. 
Price: 4/5 - very average and fair
Service: 2/5 - overall there wasn't much...
Ramen Bar always has very decent food, never a complaint. Satisfies your ramen cravings and I love that they have good sushi! Altogether, the prices are well rounded to the dishes.
Here's where I have to justify this rating, service is everything. I'd rather go eat at a shittier ramen place for quality service. This place is great but had the worst service between their two locations. We went on a Monday night and there was one server and a host who worked alongside the server assisting her 8-9 tables. I get schools out, but it looks like they were budgeting too tight with labor. The host was kind, but very shy + timid - unusual to have a host with this personality. Our server was an older woman who seemed absolutely miserable, never smiled once while we were there nor checked in on us for anything during our meal. Honestly, she seemed overwhelmed + I don't blame her BUT you're working for tips and she made this experience rather crappy. The restaurant could've had a higher bill sale, as we would've gotten additional drinks...oh well I guess. Another thing that was disappointing was their timing to fire the dishes... we ordered the sushi combo + I don't understand why you would bring out the ramen simultaneously? Typically, you want to enjoy the fish, not mask it with ramen together. 
This place is new, but I don't get it cause they already had a well operating first location. Why is this one so displeasing? Not sure I'd come back here anytime soon, chinatown isn't too far away + I'd rather make that trip for better service than come back here.This was an overall pleasant experience! Great menu, reasonable prices, friendly staff, quick service, and delicious food. Can't wait to come back!I came here last night for a friend's birthday. Our party had over 20 people, but the servers were able to accommodate all of us. The servers were all very friendly. 
We ordered a few appetizers which were good-- our favorite was the ika geso kara-age (fried squid). Their takoyaki came out hot, fresh, and very tasty. 
I ordered the Shoyu Ramen which was flavorful, but I wish there wasn't an additional cost for a marinated egg. 
My friend ordered the Gyudon Donburi-bowl... delicious! We loved the strong mushroom flavors paired with the beef. The egg was cooked to perfection! If I go back, I would order the bowl again.店的环境还是不错的。点了Kara kara tonkotsu ramen，也就是辣的猪骨汤拉面，味道一般，面煮的太软了，面汤的温度低了一些。当时店里正在直播2018世界杯，墨西哥对德国队的比赛，很精彩。When we're on Drexel's campus we have to have some Ramon noodles. The students are just returning from Christmas break do the restaurant was not busy.
We were seated as soon as we arrived at a nice table. Servers were all very attentive. We ordered the suggested Ramon dishes. Don't forget to add the marinated soft boiled egg. 
Save room for desert the green tea ice cream is worth saving room for. The best part is the cost . With green tea  s Ramon bowl and desert we spent about $20 per personFood is just ok, and tastes like food court rolls.  The ramen is salty and very expensive. The prices are ridiculously high.  The portions are super small.  You would think this is a high end restaurant.  But it located in university city where you have poor college students .   I should have known,  when we walked in during peak lunch hour,  there were only a couple of people there.I'll preface this review by admitting I'm a ramen snob. I'm not usually a harsh reviewer on Yelp, but this ramen was the second worst I've had in Philly (the absolute worst offender has since gone out of business).
I was impressed by the ambience when I entered, and it was very clean and trendy. However, things took a turn for the worse as soon as the food entered the picture. I ordered the Shoyu Chashumen and my boyfriend ordered the Tonkotsu Chashumen; unfortunately I'm not even sure what I ended up getting as it was listed as 2 tonkotsu chashumen on the receipt.
When the ramen arrived at the table, it wasn't steaming or even hot, which is always a huge red flag for me. The chashu was dry and tasted like it had been frozen for a long time and then reheated. The noodles were limp and tasted like microwaved noodles. But the worst offender for me was the broth. Dear god, the broth. The menu boasts that their broth simmers for 24 hours, but it had almost NO flavor - it was just like lukewarm water.
We couldn't even finish our ramen, and at the end, the $30 bill for 2 small portions just left me disheartened and feeling like I'd been ripped off. My honest advice- stay at home and make ramen for less than $1.00, it would be better.
In the end, we walked out with a bitter mood and a bad taste in our mouths.
If the owners of this restaurant are still reading: I apologize for my harsh words but I genuinely hope you put more effort into your food for the price you're charging.The music is way too loud.  The front of the house staff is/looks way too unhappy being there.  But the restaurant is clean and the food is delicious!  Great big soup bowls of noodles and tasty fried appetizers.We loved our server Danny. He was charismatic, funny, and made us feel very comfortable. We will be back again. Also loved the lobster roll, delicious! But the cocktails could of been a little stronger.So.....the decor & atmosphere are both positives!!!However, the RAMEN unfortunately was just OK. Not really flavorful at all, but the appetizers(shrimp dumplings & some chicken dish) were really goodWant to like it because of the location and the nice staff. It's a pretty restaurant, the ramen is just so lackluster. My friends and I were all surprised at the tastelessness of the broth. It was literally like boiled noodles in water with some toppings.I really wanted to like this more. I think for me the problem is that, being vegetarian, my ramen options were limited and in my opinion their vegetarian broth tastes really weird. I think ramen tastes so good because the broth is made from pork. Just my personal opinion. It just really didn't like the flavor of the vegetarian ramen. Somehow the broth tasted bad and the ingredients were bland all at the same time. Also the fried avocado thing was over rated. If I came back I would order sushi.This is one of the more unique ramen shop because unlike traditional ramen shop, this one offers an experience and convenience via its lounge-like cozy and spacious atmosphere (most hardcore ramen shops are cramped), a full BAR (yay college town), and even sushi bar. 
On a recent business trip to Philly, I had a good experience grabbing a quick bite here enjoying the comfortable and airy atmosphere buzzing with the youthful energy of Drexel University and began by sipping my favorite Japanese beer - Kirin draft. 
I ordered their Kara Kara Tonkotsu ramen and it delivered in that comforting broth with a nice spicy kick. Their chasiu had the right amount of bite and fall-off-tenderness and the ramen noodle was perfectly cooked to al dente. 
I believe this is the only ramen joint I've been to that had a full bar and a lounge-like atmosphere. Good music, good vibe with TV screens (like sports bar), and it just worked, esp. given its location at the heart of Drexel University. 
My waitress was courteous and sweet as she explained to me the portion - initially I worried if a bowl of ramen won't be enough, but with a glass of beer, it was just right. 
Highly recommended - Drexel students, you guys are lucky. :)Meh. I was unimpressed by the ramen. Portions were definitely not enough to fill up a normal adult and my shoyu ramen arrived lukewarm. My friend and I had to order an extra serving of noodles to use up some of the broth that would have been overwhelming without the extra noodles. The noodles were pretty good though and together with the broth it tasted fine. Didn't love that I had to pay extra for an egg.
There was also some weird chunk of sand or something in my soup that I accidentally chomped down on, like the kind you'd get in a bowl of muscles that wasn't washed properly. That was unpleasant, especially since there was nothing in my bowl that should have produced a cluster of sand like that. Service was pretty good though, they're friendly and helpful here.
Had to knock off an extra star because we came during happy hour but were still charged full price on the drinks.I visited this establishment last night after taking in a art show a few doors down. It was a cold night so I was excited when I saw the ramen bar.  I went in and was greeted immediately and shown to my table. I ordered a Singapore Sling which was phenomenal, shumai and the chicken miso ramen. The shumai was delicious but the ramen on the other hand was bland and underwhelming. Halfway through my bowl I felt something slide through my lips and lo and behold it was a long strand of hair!! It was obviously not mine I have long dark hair and this hair was long and light. I went to the waiter and told him what happened. He immediately took my bowl of ramen from the table and returned with he check stating that he removed my entree from the bill. I'm still very creeped out from the hair and just all around disappointed. If you're reading this and still want to try this place out, ask them to hold the hair thank you.I like this place. Drexel's campus did not have a lot of variety of cuisine options. There are a lot of pizza places - but Ramen bar is a good addition to this side of University City. I have not been to lunch here. The dinner menu is pretty good. They have atleast two vegetarian options in ramen and rolls. I have always tried the veggie miso ramen and green curry ramen. And also the dinosaur roll and the seaweed roll. They all tasted pretty good. 
I especially like their dessert options. I love the mochi ice cream and fried ice cream. They are presented well too.
They usually don't have a lot of waiting times - you will get a table easily. If not, you could always sit at the bar too. The service is pretty decent and fast. One time we were late in ordering the dessert - almost past their closing time, but the waiter was nice enough to still get us the dessert. 
I would definitely recommend visiting this place if you are on Drexel campus.Tbh I only come here because it's the only ramen spot on Drexel's campus. The service is super random - I get a good server, then the next server just sucks. So I really can't figure out if they have good service or not lol. As for the food, the sushi and fried rice are delicious! However, the ramen is lacking. The broth is not very flavorful and the noodles get way too soft sometimes. Plus, you have to pay $1 extra for a soft boiled egg!Best artisan ramen in Philly, this coming from a ramen snob. Masterful subtle and not so subtle blend of flavours. I now come here often and the service is always great, they are always willing to appease my requests to mix dishes and add ons and cater to my kids as well. The atmosphere is hip, modern and opened spaced. They lose a star for the sometimes "club" oriented music and the fact that they always keep the air conditioning blasting. My absolute go to spot, love this place...Wow--I posted the owner's "compliment" because it's just unfathomable how little he "gets" it.   By the way, I AM in fact a business owner.  That's why I think it's ridiculous to "Trip over the proverbial dollar....to pick up a nickel"  Cheap Cheap Cheap.  And to top it all off, he then goes on to tell me who I should vote for in the upcoming election.  SMH.  and tells me I shouldn't "vote for Hilary"  Unreal.  Some people just don't get it.Perfect lunch spot. Service was extremely fast and my ramen order came out only minutes after I ordered. The Tom Yum ramen was the perfect ratio of spicy to salty to savory and the chicken, though soaked in broth, still managed to have a delicious crust on the outside. I will definitely be back to try some of Ramen Bar's other dishes!Vegetarian/Vegan friendly -- delicioso! Is my review still too short now? Is it really? I just wanted to say that this place has great food but you won't let me write a nice concise review.Great place, good volume for the price. But the pork is way too sweet for me, and the soup is very saltyVery decent ramen place with the classic japanese ramen options but also unique fusions of other cuisine such as Thai. The staff here are friendly and attentive & we were seated right away. They have a large menu of rice (don) and ramen options. I got the tom yum ramen with chasu, since I love tom yum soup. It was a bit salty but still delicious and flavorful. You must get extra chasu to upgrade your ramen..also don't forget corn.
My friend got the dipping ramen and he said it was good.
Worth giving this place a try! My next goal is to try their green curry ramen which is unique.Went there on 31st of December on a cold windy day to Try their tonkatsu ramen and chicken miso ramen . 
I liked their tonkatsu ramen was delicious and creamy which I was expecting . It comes with 2 pieces of chasu & grated marinated ginger. I added a boiled egg to make it more authentic. 
The service was very quick and staff was friendly, good environment. Chicken miso ramen tasted more like Soy sauce so I won't prefer that next time.Tried this place out on a stop in Philly near the Drexel campus.  Not sure how good ramen is in Philly but compared to what I'm used to getting in NYC, Ramen Bar was just so-so.
The decor is clean and bright and the menu has pretty much everything you could want if you're craving ramen.  They also have a sushi menu as well as some appetizers so you definitely have choices when you come here.  We decided on ramen and some appetizers before we got back on the road.
Seaweed salad was ok, nothing different from what you get at any Japanese establishment.  Takoyaki was clearly frozen and not made from scratch but that's OK, it tasted good enough. Gyoza was also decent and met expectations.  Ramen had its highs and lows.  The karakara (spicy) ramen had decent broth but it was a tad greasy.  It also could've been a bit stronger.  Ramen noodles were a bit overcooked but the charsiu pork and marinated eggs were very good.  
Service was ok, but we felt it was a bit brusque (probably because we came in about 30 minutes before they closed for a break between lunch and dinner). Prices are what you can expect from your neighborhood ramen shop (12-15 a bowl).  Not bad but I'm guessing there are better places in Philly to grab a bowl.We loved this place when we ordered awhile back but we just got our food and it was not good. The tuna roll was delivered hot and it looked funky. My husband is more adventurous than I am so he tried them and the guy who eats anything said they were disgusting. My chicken ramen had chicken that looked purple and the taste was off. Very disappointed and will not order from here again.Ramen bar recently opened up I'm not a sushi person but I can't seem to get enough off their sweet green veg roll. I don't like ramen noodles so I haven't really tried them but I do keep going back to this place for their sushi rolls. I love the sauce they serve with the sushi. However, the only thing that turns me off about this place is that I get to see new faces every time I walk in and their service can be awfully slow on days.I used to go to the Ramen Bar on 40th & Locust when I lived in West Philly, but I prefer this new location because it's closer to Drexel campus and less crowded. The two locations share the same menu and I can't tell any differences in food quality.
Ramen is the star here, not the best in town but pretty decent. Besides traditional types of broth (pork bone, shoyu, miso, etc.), they offer a couple of interesting Asian fusion broth choices (curry, tom yum, etc.) for their ramen, although their broth is slightly too salty to my taste. I also like a few of their special appetizers, such as takoyaki and agedashi tofu. I've ordered takeouts from here as well, they don't offer ramen takeout because noodles don't travel (call or order through Carviar).
I haven't tried their sushi menu because I personally think it may not be their strong suit by quickly checking out the fish at the sushi bar. They do have a sushi menu here if you feel like sushi, sashimi, or rolls.
The price is slightly on the expensive side for ramen but it is justifiable for the location and great service. Happy Hour rates are nice (weekdays 4:30pm-6:30pm) and the place is not crowded. It's really a convenient place to grab some Japanese staples near Drexel campus. It's a solid 3.5-star establishment and I feel it's okay to round it up for now.
[This review is part of my West Philly memories]I don't know why Ramen Bar only has 3.5 stars on Yelp because it was amazing! I got the Tonkotsu Chashumen with the marinated egg add-on. Not only was the portion size extremely generous (promptly came back home and took one of the best naps of my life), but it was also delicious. 
The wavy noodles were cooked perfectly - not hard but not mushy either - with the right proportion of meat/veggies/toppings. I typically do not drink much of the broth because it's usually too salty but this one was quite good! It was a very happy time with my friends and I slurping down everything. 
The staff there was very accommodating and let us split our check 5 ways (note that the tip automatically to our bill). All in all, it ended up being around $18-19 with the add-on, tax, and tip, so it is a little pricey for just 1 bowl of ramen if you are on a budget. It's definitely worth a visit though and I am itching to try other things on the menu as well.West Philly's one and only ramen joint.
The Good: We were seated right away. Ramen Bar's ambiance is clean and modern, unlike most of its West Philly neighbors. Takoyaki is a great way to start out the meal -- soft, crispy, chewy octopus balls. Thumbs up for the Tonkatsu pork belly slices as well! Juicy and flavorful, it left me wanting more. Food presentation was excellent for all dishes, definitely #instagram worthy. Service is quick and the staff was friendly and accommodating.
The Bad: Noodles tasted like dried instant ramen. A major flaw! The ramen broth, while savory and tasty, had a particularly thick texture, as if extra oil or pork fat had been added to it. I decided not to finish it. Deep fried panko-breaded avocado with tuna was perfectly crispy on the outside and deliciously soft underneath. But the inside was filled with imitation crab meat -- I think they might've forgotten the tuna part?
Ramen Bar faces some competition from Nom Nom down the street. I have to give Nom Nom the edge for their tasty noodles, but Ramen Bar's broth is more savory.Came here with friends for an early Sunday lunch. Service was quick and efficient- we we're seated promptly and food came out quickly. We started with appetizers: Ika geso kara-age (fried squid tentacles) and the takoyaki (fried octopus balls). Both were fried and seasoned well. For our entrees we got ramen and a Donburi Bowl. The green curry ramen was mildly spicy with tender chicken. The toppings all worked very well together, the sour pickled elements contrasted well with the spicier broth. The Chasu-Don bowl was delicious. The pork belly was cooked perfectly. We got a vanilla fried ice cream for dessert, which was a sweet finish to a good meal. This was definitely a meal and experience I'd like to have a again.Always a great place and something warm for those chilly nights. I suggest asking for the wavy noodles. They're thicker and they're the ramen noodles I'm used to eating.Decent food, decent price. I can get down with this place. ESPECIALLY now that they have chicken options! It helps that they're only five blocks from me.Wonderful place to go to on a cold day. I usually get the miso ramen with a marinated boiled egg because it's so good. I also enjoyed the takoyaki (fried balls with octopus).
This place is usually pretty crowded at the peak hour; expect a 15 minute wait if it's full (unless you choose to eat at the bar). However, it doesn't take long to get your order.Average quality ramen for kinda expensive prices. Other entrees aren't much to write home about either. Not nearly as good as Tarekawa ramen in my opinion.I come here pretty often with friends to eat ramen and service/food is usually pretty average. However, this last experience I had here was pretty much less than mediocre. 
We (party of two) came here to eat dinner on saturday night and got seated right away. We decided what to get pretty quickly but it took us a while find a waiter to place our order. I got the miso ramen and my boyfriend got the tonkotsu ramen. We also got pork buns, takoyaki, and a kani salad. I recommend the takoyaki if you're looking for an appetizer, although it is doughy. 
Don't get the pork buns. We got the thinnest piece of meat between the buns and all we tasted was the bun tbh lol. It was thinner than the pork in our ramen. Plus we found a small piece of plastic in one of the pork buns while eating...lol.  Get your pork buns elsewhere. Not here. 
Overall:
Average ramen.
Below average service. 
Pretty okay appetizers.This is a nice place to grab lunch. The service was really friendly and the food came out quick, but for its price, the quality of the food is just mediocre. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't great. The pork that came in my soup was tough and a little hard to eat. I would come here again if I had a ramen craving, but it was just average.My favorite trendy ramen spot.
Is very comfortable atmosphere and friendly staff!
The shoyu ramen broth was overall good.)))ramen broth was definitely on a saltier side...and it was pricey...PB burger was excellent...but I wished they could add 1 more on the plate to justify the price...don't think I will be going back here again...A friend and I decided to check out Ramen Bar on our lunch break on a weekend.  It was really good!  Way better than other ramen places in Center City.  Wish we'd tried it sooner.
I tried their original ramen with extra pork and an egg (Tonkotsu Chashumen), and it was amazing!  This one had thin noodles that were almost like angel hair pasta, which was new for me.  It was really light and delicious.  The broth was very flavorful, smooth and tasty.  I also liked that they put a lot of different toppings in the broth, not just the noodles and meat (the menu says the toppings were: menma, kikurage, red
pickled ginger, sesame, scallions and drizzled with roasted garlic oil).  Finally, the meat was really good quality and really good.  I'm glad I asked for extra because it was totally worth the $2 extra.
Great service - the waiters were really attentive and nice when we said we were in a bit of a rush.  I'll be back!Chashu steamed buns - $7
Tom yum spicy ramen - $12
Was really craving ramen, but had a flight out in a couple hours so did not want to get stuck in downtown Philly. Decided to enjoy the campus and then eat as well. Enjoyed the atmosphere and the younger crowd. The service was okay. I believe the owner was our main server. He did everything we asked, but he did not seem to like being there, he did not smile once. He actually was obviously unhappy as he was stern and quick to just serve than move on. The customer service aspect and personable aspect was lacking from him. Maybe, I am over judging, but he made us feel very awkward asking him for extra water or even asking for where the restrooms were. Just not a friendly vibe from him. 
The food was subpar. It was interesting because it really was a mix between the tom yum instant noodles packages that I ate as a child that was slightly elevated. The condiments were all deliciously made and tender. Many were fermented or soaked in special sauces that added to the overall spoon. I enjoyed the bowl, but because of price, portion, and this one server I gave 3 stars. The ramen was fairly priced, but the appetizers were a bit absurd... 2 steamed buns for $7?! They were not even that great, the meat in the buns were not tender and I had to chew and by doing so stuck in my teeth. There needs to be a reconstruction of that dish. 
Hard to find parking and semi hard to find the actual place. The sign is easy to miss and if just walking by, you might miss the venue all together. If possible, I would recommend walking here. Happy eating.Had never had ramen soup other than when I used to get the packages of 4 for $1.00 in the grocery store many decades ago as a poor student and newlywed.  My wife and I wanted to try something new and see what all the hooplah was about.  We love pho and Thai soups.  We allowed plenty of time before we had to be at a concert because some previous reviews questioned the service.  We were delighted on all fronts.  The service was excellent. Servers went out of their way to explain the menu, different tastes, ingredients and options.  The food came out very fast and we both thought it was very good.  It is a student place.  So other than my wife, there was probably no customer in the crowded restaurant more than half my age.  But so what?  The ingredients really did taste fresh and it was a nice change of pace.  Vietnamese and Chinese noodle soups are cheaper.  But on some cold winter night, I will definitely go back here to get warmed up by the spicey ramen noodle soup I had on this visit.I wouldn't say that Ramen Bar is particularly stunning, but considering that it's West Philadelphia, they do make a decent bowl of ramen. If you're looking to be wowed, New York is only two hours away by bus. 
My standard order here is the spicy Kara Kara Tonkotsu Ramen with egg and--because I love carbs and because I lack self-control--usually extra noodles. I doubt that it's "authentic," but the broth is flavorful, and the noodles are perfectly cooked for just the right amount of chewiness.
It's by no means the best bowl of ramen I have ever had, but it's the best I've found in Philadelphia. If you want a comforting, post-exam meal at a decent price point, Ramen Bar will hit the spot.Ramen bar is convenient to those that don't want to travel to Chinatown or other locations for good ramen like Terakawa.
Unfortunately, our last visit left a LOT to be desired - with both food and service.
Service started off a bit shoddy when we ordered appetizers, but our server Lake K did not bring out any small plates for us to share - not a big deal.
Next offense was when 3/6 of our party ordered the same exact thing: Chicken Miso Ramen and only 2 came out. When we asked about the 3rd it was clear it was forgotten. At this point, we also noticed that the kitchen/ or she also forgot our order of chicken kaarage -- and since we've been waiting for about 30 minutes at this point we decided to cancel our appetizer now that the ramen entree has arrived.
Next offense - the chicken miso ramen came out for the 3rd party that did not receive it. She said it tasted spicy - in which I decided to sip her soup. Her soup was NOT the same as mine and my partners, the 3 of us that ordered the chicken miso ramen. My partner and my soup were exactly the same- but hers was totally different. So first it was late, now it was wrong. We brought it to the attention of both the server, and the shift manager that asked us how everything was going
In addition - our ramens all had a solid piece of butter when served to us. Although we are aware that butter is added to accentuate the umami of ramen - it is not appetizing to see a tablespoon of unmelted butter on top of your ramen. 
Even with all the mishaps, the missing ramen, the then wrong ramen, and the missing appetizer - I was surprised when no one came over to apologize, or possibly even take action on our bill. Our bill was not adjusted, no apology or acknowledgment of the errors, and also the 18 or 20% gratuity automatically applied to our party of 6 - rubbed us all the wrong way given our experience.
Would not return if I can help it.Yummy! After going to the nearby theater, we came across this gem hidden just a street behind. Walked in and it looks unique. It's not a bar, if thats what came in mind when you first saw the name of this restaurant. Got the tonkatsu ramen, it was really really good. I liked the interesting tasting ingredients in the soup- although I kind of didn't know what was it in to be honest. ..my fault for never really reading the ingredients thoroughly on the menu. The green tea icecream at the end was a great finish. so yummmmy.Kara Kara noodle was flavorful in their individual components and collectively. The house, all in, noodle was also distinctively flavored in a refined, tasteful ramen soup. Specific noodles for specific ramen soups. The long time of the soup base is noticeable.When does a bowl of water become soup?
If we heat it up, throw in a handful of salt, is it done yet? What if we get a little crazy - add some color and go heavy-handed with the MSG? We could toss in some noodles and trinkets from our bag o' tricks, and what the hell, pour on some more salt, just to stay consistent.
There are two major components that can make or break a ramen bar: the noodles (there are no standouts in this category amongst Philly ramen joints, most are just ok) and the broth. A good broth has depth and complexity. It titillates your taste buds as it overwhelms them with a deluge of harmonious flavors and sensations. What you get at Ramen Bar is an uninspired performance of "The Many Faces of Sodium" hurled at you with a large wooden ladle and Manhattan-style prices. 
The place looks pretty cool though, and the tofu appetizer was quite good.I came here for lunch one day and my experience was okay . The staffs here are really nice especially our waitress. 
As for the ramen , its not good ; its not bad . I'd say its mediocre. It's definitely not the worse ones i have tried but not in the top ranking either.    
Shoyu chashumen- this was one of their fancy ones , wished the taste met up with its price and the expectation . It was just nothing special about it . 
Original ramen - their original flavor was okay , again it was just like having a simple bowl of food that you cant say is good or its bad till the point you cant eat it.Great ramen. Have been to a few in the city that are subpar. This one is a lot better. Would recommend the appetizers as well. Fried ice cream was delish.First night frenzy. Oh and CASH ONLY!!! 
For table of 4 told ~20 min wait but was seated in about 10.  However, we then waited another 10 min at the table to order. and at least another 5 minutes or so for water.
Takoyaki and agedashi tofu apps were not available, so we went with the pan fried pork dumplings. We also ordered the Shoyu ramen and Zenbu ramen.
First of all, the gyoza set the stage for our entire meal. Already disappointed that 2 of the appetizers we wanted were not available, we conceded with the dumplings. We saw them being handmade by one of chefs. The filling seems to be a combo of cabbage and lean pork. The filling could have been a little bit more flavorful, but it definitely tasted better than your standard frozen dumpling (it better though, being handmade). The dumpling skin was soft, and in my opinion could have been a little thicker/chewier. Overall, it was pretty good. 3.5/5
Shoyu ramen - the broth had a surprisingly great clean pork flavor, and it was paired with a great chewy medium thickness egg noodle. It was so good that my wife didn't want to switch halfway through as we usually do. I had to steal a sip of the broth and some noodles when I could. Really good. 5/5.
Zenbu ramen - the broth was more complex, heavier, and a bit on the salty side. The noodles were thin/small, more "traditional" japanese ramen noodles, and also perfect chewiness. The chashu pork was fantastic - soft, juicy, flavorful. The egg was also great. I'd really say that my only critique was that the broth was a little too salty for me. 4.5/5.
Overall, solid 4/5. We will definitely come back and try other ramens and entrees. I am VERY interested in trying their miso cod when it becomes available. I expect that service will pick up very soon (they will have to as I anticipate many more busy days in their future), and despite the rumors, they are not going to be open 24hr/day (sad).After frequenting Ramen Bar nearly a dozen times this past year, I felt it was necessary to update my review from my raving fantastic one from opening week to a more realistic picture of what the restaurant has settled to.
Yes, it's still fantastic that they offer vegan ramen with vegan broth, especially in a setting so veg-populated... but even after 9 months, the service is still severely lacking, and the quality of the food is inconsistent.
Also, after trying vegetarian ramen in other settings (unfortunately not in Philly,) I'm not *as* impressed with Ramen Bar's ramen, to be honest. The noodles are great, but the broth is always bland, and I have to add spicy condiments to it. The vegetables aren't always cooked well either.
Ramen Bar is still a decent place if you're looking for a hot bowl of (vegetarian) ramen in University City, but be warned that the service is awkward, the non-ramen dishes bland, and the prices exorbitant.Ramen Bar is one of the best ramen places I have been. My favorite is the tonkotsu chashumen, which comes with more meat than the regular tonkotsu ramen. The interior of the restaurant is cool, and they always greet you in Japanese when you enter or leave. There's a huge TV screen inside which is kind of cool because you can occasionally catch a glimpse of the news. The service is also pretty great- efficient and not helicopter-like at all.This is the best Ramen spot I've found in Philadelphia so far. The broth is soooo good and you get a big, satisfying bowl. I've also had good sushi here, but I really come for the Ramen. 
Last time I sat at the bar and my service was just as good as a table. I came after I got out of movies on a Friday around 9pm and the kitchen was closing as I left. My only suggestions would be to stay open later. It would be a good late night spot on the weekends for that area.Loved the ambience, so hip and modern. Def a wonderful place to grab a meal and chill afterwards as the owner/manager is not too focused on flipping tables. The pricing is average compared to ramen places. And the simplicity, clean presentation of the food were on point! This is def the place to visit for Japanese inspired food. I'll def make a visit back!The head chef was working at ramen boy, and when ramen Boy closed I was so devastated.
I am glad that he works at this place, so i can get the authentic flavor of my ramen noodle!
The gyoza is better than the one at Ramen boy, they hv improved a lot!! 
Now they have more choices of appetizer! 
Chicken karage is crispy and a bite size!
They also have chirasi and many choices of other rice bowl!
It is a great place to dine!This is hands down the best ramen I've ever had.  My wife and I love it.  We're from NY and I haven't had better ramen there.  We tried other places in Philadelphia with better reviews and were disappointed.  It's very consistent, authentic, and affordable.  Try the Kara Kara Tonkatsu or Tom Yum.  Everything is good though.  I expect them to have numerous locations soon.I really really liked this place. Super awesome ramen but the best is they also serve Sushi and hot Sake too. Cool drink selection and the most awesome tracks too. I really liked the music there it was really cool techno. I also liked the red lighting and the atmosphere.I liked ramen bar! I think it's a great addition to the area & I will definitely frequent it during the colder months! I know little to nothing of the 'authenticity' associated with ramen but I know everything about taste... And it tasted damn good. 
We had the pan fried pork dumplings to start which were flavorful & cooked perfectly (just the right amount of char from that pan fry).
I ordered the shoyu ramen with a marinated hard boiled egg. Next time, I'll skip the marinated egg & get more pork! The pork was delicious & so tender it practically fell apart in my mouth. 
My fellow-ramen goers both got the tonkotsu ramen, which was also very tasty BUT I preferred the shoyu broth to the tonkotsu. I did like the thinner, straight noodles of the tonkotsu better than the shoyu's slightly thicker, curly noodles though...
The portions were generous & the price is right (although I wouldn't complain if they were lower...)! The atmosphere is exactly what I would want out of a ramen bar... Sleek & modern, but still oddly cozy. 
One major complaint:  the music was too loud & borderline obnoxious... I would prefer a more low-key, soothing tune while slurping on some noodles...
&an inquiry;  Take-out??? I want ramen on the go!I wanted to like this place! Ordered the Edamame with sea salt to start and the octopus balls. Both were Meh. edamame didn't have salt on it and the octopus balls had a sweet sauce on them that we didn't care for as it had an odd cinnamon flavor to it.
The ramen was o.k. We didn't get our drinks until we asked a second time. 
Plus, the decor is great, it isn't too loud and convenient to Penn campus.This place is hip, modern and the food looks amazing! I haven't ventured into their other dishes, but the ramen is ok. I did find the noodle bland, hard and I guess I didn't pick the right kinds of noodles. Like many other ramen places, the price is borderline high. It all depends on how you value a bowl of ramen or feel that you can make one for cheaper using package ramen lol. But the price is a bit high. However, you're in a university environment and paying for service and nicely design interior as well. And like I said the presentation of the food is amazing. Check it out for yourself.My spicy miso was spicy yet tasty and the shoyu chachu was great.  We have tried other places in DC and NY and this hits the mark!  
5 star service ...our order was a bit complicated and the waiter did not write anything down and got everything to a T which was impressive.
The inside was clean and spacious just like the pics and the food well we had sushi, gyoza, shumai, and most importantly the Ramen soup.  Everything was delicious!!!The Ramen Bar has some decent ramen. Definitely NOT the best ramen I've had. But still not bad, and nice to eat at.The straight noodles are a disaster - soft and lack of texture, basically ruins the spirit of a bowl of ramen.
The broth is delightful. 
The Sage don is exceptional. 
If you order ramen make sure to ask for wavy noodle and have it made extra chewy .Want a delicious meal at a reasonable price, skip this joint. Want a trendy place to waste your hard earned Benjamins and load up on salt, come here. General rule of thumb, any $10+ bowl of ramen (unless laced in edible gold leaf), should at least be generous in proportions. Not here, small portions and skimpy on the meat. If you want more protein, sure, $2 for a slice not even as big as your palm. However, they are generous with their salt (and maybe msg too), for those into that sort of thang. Finally, to top it all off they "kindly" added a mandatory 20% tip to your total bill (individual bill not group), how "convenient".This place does not disappoint. The servings of ramen are big, the noodles are delicious and the broth savory. Happy hour is the ideal time to go to order a variety of appetizers and drinks at a great price. Staff always friendly.
Conveniently located by UPenn.Disappointing. Broth was OK. Noodles were undercooked. Gyoza was average. Overpriced. No take-out. I doubt I'll be back.Just a tiny bit pricey, and service was just average, but the food was good and the ambience was hip. 
We (party of 3) decided to go for sushi. Were seated immediately, despite it being a Saturday night. A few different waiters came to take our order at different times; not great coordination.  Ordered the Super Philly Roll, Chashu Roll, and sake margarita. It was hard to choose, a lot of the menu looked really appealling. Big bummer was that they didn't have gluten-free soy sauce for one of our party with an allergy. Food was tasty but didn't blow me away - maybe I should try a donburi or actual ramen next time! Also a bit of a mixup with the check; they gave us the check without dessert at first. They also have a 2 card maximum policy, which seems a bit silly in this day and age.Staff was courteous and seated quickly. I had miso ramen and soup was really tasty. Hinted slight buttery taste but it was flavorful and not over powering. $12 a bowl and it was comparable to Terakawa and Yamitsuki where I usually goto for ramen. If you are hungry and can eat, portion was very small. One can eat 2 easily.I came back here for the third time.  This time it was because it was super cold outside and I wanted something hot to warm me up.  I dropped by and asked to sit at the bar overlooking the kitchen. 
The food was good as usual, but the primary reason for my review update concerns the cleanliness of the restaurant.  During the 20 minutes or so that I was sitting there, I noticed that the chef was multitasking with his ungloved hands and without washing his hands in between each task.  What was he doing?  Nothing too gross - but he was basically picking up ingredients and dropping them into my soup, cleaning the counter with some towel that I'm sure was not something I want his cooking hands to be contaminated with, cleaning up random empty containers, etc.  
I also noticed the pork was just sitting out on the counter at room temperature - granted, I don't know how long they actually keep it out.  Regardless, it probably should not be placed in a location where someone like me can sneeze and immediately contaminate future customers with my yucky germs.  That's right, if you came in on Wednesday, you and I are probably closer than you think.  Just kidding, I didn't sneeze :)
Having eaten at Philly food trucks and traveled to countries where food cleanliness is the least of my worries, I'm not a "germaphobe."  But, given Ramen Bar's attempt to be a somewhat decent mid-end restaurant, I expected better!
Down one star.Sanitary reasons. The chef touched payment machines and never washed his hands. They also don't wear gloves/covers or anything.
Sitting at the bar and watching everything happening is disgusting.
1We went there yesterday for dinner (4 people) . The restaurant was full but we waited only for 5min to be sitted. Unfortunately they were out of ramen, so we had their delicious rice plates and some of their appetizers. I really enjoyed the food and the beautiful atmosphere of this restaurant. The service was really good, the waiters were polite and helpfull. I will definately go there again to try the famous ramen and I will supplement my review.
I finally got there again and tried the ramen!! It was really good!!! I loved it!
Yay! I am definately a fan :-)I love to have a noodle place at this location. When you are working in a building next door, it's so convenient in the winter to have a hot soup place next door. Have been there once for a while to most things on the menu.
Their happy hour special are pretty good. Most of the appetizer is about half price (4 bucks for most app) and I always go to the shrimp tempura and fried chicken thigh. But double check if they put as HH order because a few times they waiters didn't for us.  Ramen are not impressive, but comforting enough for me to come here once for a while. Broth is a bit salty and a little on the oily side. 
One thing I really don't enjoy was their Hibachi kama. Basically, I don't feel their yellow tail collar was fresh. It's quiet fishy even after being grilled thoroughly.Good ramen with great service!
If you say something in Japanese (its on the menu) you can get $2 extra noodles for your left over broth. They have plenty of options but as far as taste goes it just wasn't the "best I've ever had." Regardless, I'll be back for my ramen fix since this is one of the only places I know of that is an actual ramen barI once ate here three times within a 5 day span period. Partially my fault because I kept telling everyone how great this place was. 
I've tried the tonkotsu ramen and the miso ramen. I like the both of them, but if I had to choose, tonkotsu wins hands down. It just stinks that each ramen comes with such a small portion of toppings. Also, I find that there is a inconsistancy with the saltiness of the ramen. One day the ramen would be perfect, the next day it would be extremely salty. For those of you who enjoy eatting instant ramen noodles, I advise you to get the the curly noodles in place of the straight ones. The curly noodles has a texture that is more stiff than the straight noodles.
The price of the ramen noodles averaged around $10-12.
I really really liked their takoyaki balls because they had a nice crispy exterior unlike how it is traditionally made. I would pass on the vegatable tempura or gyozas appetizers, not impressive and overpriced. 
I got dorayaki with ice cream for dessert. The dorayaki was dry and tasted like the pre-packaged ones you can get at the asian supermarket. Good thing their green tea ice cream was creamy and filled with matcha! 
In a lump some, Ramen Bar has great ramen! I would stay away from their overpriced appetizers unless youre really craving takoyaki!
I've tried the Ippudo at St. Marks. I think the ramen here is better!Had no idea this place opened in the area. Glad I found it on Yelp and had to try. It didn't disappoint. Very tasty Ramen. I like how you can add additional items for your ramen. This is also the first place I have been to which offers guests to ask for more Noodles for the extra broth. However, the bowl of Ramen isn't that big compared to other places for the same price. 
Service was good. I was greeted right away and was given a choice of seating. My server Hannah was very friendly and attentive. I will definitely be back to this place and try other items on the menu.It's not even fair for me to give a review for them. I'm completely obsessed every chance I get when I'm in Philadelphia I go. As a Vegan the Raman is amazing ... I also get them to add seaweed salad to my avocado cucumber roll a little piece of heaven! This is a must do if you love RamenThe tonkotsu broth was on the light side in terms of flavor and smell, despite a rich color. The chasiu (pork) was sliced thicker than normal, not much flavor, and the softness did not come from fatty goodness, but rather from being cooked or too long. At least the softboiled egg was done right. I needed to add plenty of spices give the flavor enough kick. Noodles were a bit softer than al dente.
The spicy miso had more flavor, and I prefer the thicker wavy egg noodles.
The tori kara-age (fried chicken) was well prepared, but disappointingly small portions considering it was $6.
Service was friendly and attentive; my glass of water was constantly refilled.
Lastly, this has nothing to do with the the restaurant, but I can't help but to comment on the reviewer below who complained about non-disposable utensils....because she did not want to imagine how many other mouths the plastic chopsticks and wooden spoons have been in. So she would much rather chop down more trees to create wooden disposable chopsticks, and overflow landfill with plastic spoons just so she can feel less sick about eating out. The only that makes me *sick* to my stomach is this typical consumerist wasteful attitude, because as Americans we don't already leave the largest carbon footprint behind. Please, watch The Story of Stuff.The worst service ever. I have gone here several times as I live very close by. The last time I came in, one of the guys served me and my friend. He didnt even double check the order and ramen was brought to the table even before we received the appetizer. We ordered two ramens and one appetizer yet one of the ramens did not even come until my friend finished his ramen and the appetizer. When I asked one of the servers, he told me the waiter didnt even have the second ramen in order. I ate the ramen after my friend finished his entire meal. The waiter who received our orders didnt even come by to check and apologize for the wait or the food. It was overall a terrible experience.It's not easy to find a place with good vegetarian ramen and this place definitely makes it to the short list of good vegetarian ramen places that I've been to. I went with a group of vegetarians and we were all super happy with our experience. We each had a different flavor and all were excellent. The eggs were perfectly cooked, the broths were rich and satisfying, both kinds of noodles were perfectly cooked, and the veggies that came with mine were great. We also ordered some spicy sauce to add to our bowls and that really brought everything together for us. Our non-vegetarian friend loved his food too! 
Service was great even though we were one of the last groups in that night.I do not eat meat and been looking for a place to serve ramen with tasty veritable broth soup, and I finally found it! Ramen Bar's vegan miso is very tasty.
you can add toppings of your choice for extra $ and, can order "kaedama" for $2 (extra noodles only). 
I am Japanese grew up eating tasty ramen with thick noodle. I'm so glad to find Ramen Bar. I don't live in the city, but I will be back here pretty soon. this place is going to be my fav.ramen bar, did you switch your bamboo shoot supplier?! 
the bamboo shoots were one of my favorite parts of ramen bar's once delicious ramen until recently! we went & the bamboo shoots tasted rotten & smelled horrible! thinking it was a one time thing, we removed them from our ramen, continued eating (reluctantly)  & politely informed one of the servers as we left (without making a scene) that we thought the bamboo shoots were rotten.
we went back a few weeks later & same thing! we even tried a third time, but, to no avail, we have now removed ramen bar from our arsenal of frequented west philly establishments.
it is so disappointing because we loved ramen bar & the atmosphere is perfect! the shoots are just too unappetizing (& they smell!). something is just not right with them.
all in all - it's still a good spot - just beware of those bamboo shoots!Food alone would be three stars, but the superslow and negligent service, made this joint a two star place. Three of us ordered the tonkatsu ramen, while another friend ordered the spicy miso ramen. The broth was alright. It tasted more salty than flavorful. The noodles were a bit harder, just the way I like it. The pork was very fatty, which I loved. However, when our friend ordered extra noodles, it took forever for the extra noodles to come. I seriously felt like they neglected us the whole time. Personally, I'm not fond of the place, but I guess I'll lower my standards for when I have a ramen craving...since I love ramen too much.As someone who appreciates good veg-friendly ramen, I would say this is middle of the road. I had a bunch of friends talk it up and the results were a bit under my hopes.
I really dig the vibe in here, though. The layout is cozy, the bar is comfortable, the wine moderately priced, the sushi = solid. The waitstaff were super nice and the bartender was rad.
I found my broth to be diluted and the overall presentation and ingredients a bit lacking. The noodles were cooked perfectly, though. After dousing my bowl in sriracha, I was a happy customer. If it was priced a bit lower, I'd understand what I was getting but for the same price as Cheu (or a few dollars more than a couple places I like in Boston), its hard to not consider this place slightly lacking.
TLDR; go for the Bar part of Ramen Bar. And maybe some sushi.Just had a terrible experience here. Food was okay, not great, and the service was poor, as you'd expect from opening weekend, but the how they handled the following situation was atrocious.
My girlfriend ordered ramen, I ordered a rice dish. After a 5 minute wait, my girlfriend got her ramen. Things were looking good. Then, five minutes later, they told me hat they had ran out of rice and asked if I wanted something else. Yes, five minutes AFTER my girlfriend got her food, they told me they had to put in a new order for me. That order must've gotten written down wrong, or they gave my food to someone else (none of the waitresses were remembering orders, just going around asking "did you order this" and giving it to them if you said yes), because I had to remind three different people what I ordered. Finally, 30 minutes after my girlfriend had gotten her food, I was served my ramen. Needless to say, her food was both cold and nearly finished before I had any food in front of me. I ended up scarfing down the meal because I had an appointment that I needed to keep, and I hadn't expected the meal to take nearly an hour. 
In the end, I asked for a discount, and the waitress took the check and gave me 10% off the meal ($2)... For a $12 bowl of ramen that was served half an hour late, I didn't think it was enough (a complimentary bowl would have been nice), but as I said, I was in a hurry and didn't have time to complain anymore.  Needless to say, we probably won't be returning anytime soon.I held out on placing judgement until I'd been here twice, and now feel fine declaring it thoroughly mediocre. I had the miso ramen and the tonkotsu ramen. Neither were terrible, but they were lacking that subtle umami goodness of higher quality ramen broth. I also wasn't a huge fan of the noodles. Staff was friendly, quick, and not too over-attentive. 
If I want ramen in Philly from now on I'll stick to Nom Nom, which is slightly better in my opinion. Otherwise I'll just wait until the next time I'm in New York.Food is very disappointed to me since my husband likes here. Had a high expectation. The burger bun tastes good. Ramen is so bad. Chicken in the ramen is pretty dry. The soup doesn't taste like long time broth but just seasoning. Won't come again.1. I would appreciate more artwork
2. Tom Yum didn't really taste like Tom Yum
3. A bit outside the typical poor college student budget
Consumed: Tom Yum Ramen with Chashu ($12)
I am a huge fan of interior design, so I always pay attention to how a restaurant presents itself. I definitely appreciate the wooden Asian feel with the bamboo filled vase at the hostess counter. Though with the plain white walls, I think artwork would enhance the ambiance.
Okay, okay, you're saying get to the food already. (well I had to get started on the review as I was waiting for my table). Anyway, thanks for your patience. The food is worthy of trying. It's flavorful and will give you your dose of sodium for sure. Be prepared to hydrate a lot afterwards. I had the Tom Yum Ramen and was actually quite disappointed because it didn't taste like tom yum. It was just salty and spicy. There was barely any Thai flavor at all. Granted my last Tom Yum was in Thailand, I guess I can't really compare with authentic food... but STILL. XD The noodles have decent texture, though for what it is worth, it's a bit overpriced in my opinion. But again they do have to pay for university city property tax in some way, right? 
(Also, it'd be nice if they spell check their menu).I ordered Vegetable Chahan with fried tofu to go and it was very good. Super fresh, light-tasting (fried rice!), and they were very friendly and quick. 
You can't get ramen for take out, so I will go back to try it. 
Glad I walked by!
Went back and had the veggie ramen and I loved it. My friend got a pork ramen (I forget which) and she really liked it too. She's a ramen fanatic, by the way.Everytime I leave this place, I ask myself, "Why on earth did I just spend $10+ on a bowl of noodles that I could easily make for $3 at home..." Yet I still keep on coming back. 
It's a good place! Reasonably spaced out so it's a good enough place to catch up with a friend and not feel like the surroundings are overwhelming you. The food has a good variety, from sushi to small Asian appetizers to, obviously, ramen.The service is surprisingly decent and speedy. d
Be careful about the whole "recommended toppings" situation. The first time I came here, the waitress in fact recommended all of them and I listened...I got charged a hefty premium for these extra toppings (keep in mind I normally refuse to pay more than $10 for a bowl of noodles...).Not bad ramen.  I ordered the tonkotsu ramen with the chasu pork.  I can't really comment on the authenticity but I enjoyed the broth and noodles.  The pork was quite good too.  The extra egg was marinated and cut in half and was good too.  I had the tempura as well for an appetizer and the batter was light and crisp too.  Service was prompt unlike some of the earlier reviews so it sounds like the initial opening pains have been dealt with.  The music was loud and annoying however.  This place is a good addition to the neighborhood and I'll be back for sure.  I haven't tried any of the other ramen places in Philly yet for comparison however.The best thing about this place is the late night (9-11) happy hour on Friday and Saturday.  While the drinks are just okay, there are not many places where you will find a late weekend happy hour in Ucity.  I have tried the sushi which is pretty good and the service is always friendly.  The one noticeable downfall is that they do not always seem to have the AC on, some evenings during the summer get pretty hot here.i'm not sure how long ago the karaage picture i saw in the gallery is from but don't be fooled, the current offering is a sad imitation of what i was expecting...overall, an overpriced establishment with nice decor but lackluster food...I went here about a month or two ago with my fiance'.  The food was excellent.  We both had ramen, but can't remember the name of our dishes.  My only complaint was that everything came out too fast.  We hadn't even finished our appetizer when our main course came out, so the table was crowded and we felt a bit rushed.  I will still go back, though, because the food was great and that experience with the service/timing may just have been a one time thing.  Great place in University City a little away from all the busy-ness of downtown University City.I was feeling under the weather on a cold day. So I decided to get some ramen. I came in right at opening for dinner. I ordered the chicken miso ramen. It was delicious but took years to come out, hence the four stars. The service was fine and decor was nice. 
I will go back.Very overpriced, not well made. The drink prices were decent. We should have checked reviews, but we were hungry and both loved the idea of ramen when we drove past. I had a spicy pork ramen and he had non-spicy pork. August 18th, 2015My son had been wanting to go, so tyesterday we tried it.  We enjoyed every minute and everything we put in our mouths. The Ramen was great, we all had a spicy option, the edamame, the dumplings, and ESPECIALLY the tuna stuffed avocado.  All four of us were equally satisfied, no easy feat for our  vastly different tastes.  So good we all vowed to return and bring our family and friends.  Oh and definitely get the egg!We were a party of 7 and were able to find ample seating once we walked into the space. It's a shotgun type layout, with seating on one side and the bar/kitchen on the other side. The space is fairly spacious though there isn't any onsite parking. Would suggest either taking an Uber or driving in early to circle around for street parking. I ended up taking an Uber since it was a rainy evening and didn't have too much time to spare. 
The ramen was pretty savory for the most part. I ordered the Green Curry Ramen. The soup was tasty, though mild for my palate so I had to dress it up a bit with the curry powder, chili oil, and Sriracha. I chose to forgo the fungal additions to the dish and asked mine to be made with the remaining vegetables. 
The order came out as asked and I appreciate that they had a vegan broth option for vegetarians/vegans to also partake in the whole ramen experience.
The service is pretty good. The waitress was attentive and able to help explain parts of the menu that I wasn't familiar with and also offer insight between dishes when I couldn't make a decision. The food came out promptly served at an acceptable temperature to start eating right away. 
This was my first time having this "elevated" ramen experience. I think it was a good start, but would prefer more veggie options and a more spicier take to avoid adding all the additions myself. Overall, I think I would return again to check out the other options and maybe ask to have to dish be prepped at a spicier level.The soup is good, ramen, ummm, i guess its ok~Really excellent ramen.  Gyoza was also quite good.  Service was good.  
It's a little pricey, but not outrageous given the quality.  I'll be back.My wife force me to give a three star. It was actually on easter night, we planned to order pizza but they were not open. My friend recommend me this place coz he said it has the real 北海道の味, so i went there, we ordered the たこ焼き, ラメン,  it was OK, but my wife said the soup was 薄い,  all in all, good restaurant, but too expensive.Five stars. Why? Can't think of any negatives. I'm disappointed at the low star reviews. "No disposable chopsticks." "No one picked up the phone." Really? Reviews like this are the reason why people are absolutely killing the usefulness Yelp.
Had the Zenbu No Se. It was .. $15? Great presentation, great broth, good meat, and I loved the thin noodles. The girlfriend had the vegetarian ramen. This was one of the better vegetarian broths she's tried. Great service, clean restaurant, no wait, and they have a TV which they show sports on! What's not to like? Agedashi tofu - I've had better, but not worth arbitrarily docking a star.
We've got some background exploring ramen.. We've been searching for the best ramen in NYC (it's Ippudo, if anyone is curious), and I've tried most of the ramen places in and around San Francisco. This place is good. Go here.My husband and I went to dinner at Ramen bar a little while ago. I must say I am a vegetarian and my review mainly reflects the veggie items, perhaps their meat dishes are better. The food in general is a bit pricey.
So we tried the tempura, veggie ramen and Japanese veggie fried rice. The food wasn't particularly great, it wasn't terrible either but the flavors were missing. While tempura was good (its deep fried so I don't think you can mess that up), the noodles and the fried rice were pretty bland and boring. 
The portion sizes were ok, but the food and service can be better and faster, respectively.TL;DR: Mediocre. Cash only. ATM, Terakawa still in the lead.
I got the Zenbu "works" ramen which had all of the side goodies for $15.
Soup base: broth consistency was light, but blander than I like. Frequently used condiments to add flavor.
Chashu: WTH, the consistency and cut is more like Chinese Cha-shu?
Noodles: the Zenbu by default comes with the chewier wavy egg noodles that Im not really a fan of, but you can request the thinner noodles if desired
Others: Bamboo shoots very good, egg was okay; The rest I forgot. 
It's a hip place(esp for students) to get a mediocre bowl of ramen that is asking for more than I think it's worth. If owners/workers reading this then I suggest the cooks/management (1)reconsider their entire cha-shu methodology because it's downright damaging and (2)consider adding more flavor to their tonkotsu soup base without changing its consistency. 
As a bonus, you can add special modifiers to your ramen if you ask the waitress. I will have to return on another day when the line isnt ridiculous and see how much they let me modify...In the past I dinned very late at night, nothing like hot soup with noodles. Each experience was satisfied my hunger pangs and my wallet. Everything is fairly price and you receive a more than fair amount of food. People this is not your bagged Ramen so get ready for quality. This time around I dinned at the bar during happy hour, boy was I happy. I ordered the Ebi Tempura (Shrimp) it was $4, you receive 3 shrimp and a variety of Tempura battered veggies that were delicious. I also ordered the R.B. Burger Chashu the ingredients (pork or shrimp I chose pork, spring mix, scallions, red pickled ginger, and mixture of eel sauce, spicy mayo and wasabi sauce were served on nice fluffy and perfectly shaped steam buns. Again delicious. To drink I ordered the Sake Bomb, Sapporo beer (they were out of draft so I was given a 1/2 of a bottle?) with a 'shot' of Sake, good deal for $5. Happy Hour is M-F 4:30-6:30, Fri&Sat 9-11pm.
The food is good but the service leaves much to be desired. It's as if the staff is distracted and you have to prompt them to do anything. They are very standoffish! Better service better review.This ramen bathes your blood in SALT.  Despite the liters of water I consumed in conjunction to prevent feeling parched, my sodium hangover was inevitable.  Unfortunately for us customers, less salt is not a modification we can request.  Dear Ramen Bar, take note and I will visit again.
Still, the scene is pleasantly cozy and they keep the place clean.I've been here twice now and had a great experience both times! I got the veggie shoyu ramen both times and requested it with the veggie broth (be sure to request this if you're vegetarian because they can also make it with the meat broth). I added the marinated boiled egg, mushroom ear, and bamboo shoots. The egg was cooked perfectly and the mushroom ear was fabulous, as always. The bamboo shoots were fine but I probably wouldn't get them again--they were a bit too plain for my taste.
I would highly recommend vegetarians to come here. The veggie broth is incredible! I've been to several ramen bars in NYC (Ippudo, Momofuku, Totto, Minca, etc.) and it's always hard to find a good veggie broth, but this place was great. Not sure what they do but I love it! 
I also got the agedashi tofu as an appetizer, which I normally don't like, but my bf loves it so we ordered it. I'm glad we did, because it was fabulous! The breading on it was really good and I would definitely recommend it!
The service was also great. Will definitely be coming back here again!I eat at Ramen Bar relatively often since it's close to campus. I was very excited that there was a ramen place on campus, but like most ramen in Philadelphia, it's pretty average. I've ordered a few different types of ramen, and all of them have been kind of salty but still not very flavorful. They usually put a bunch of butter in the bowl as well to add to the taste. 
I do think it's nice to go here on a cold winter day to get a nice, hot, bowl of ramen, though if you're looking for quality ramen, I'd probably venture somewhere else...probably New York. 
Also, I think the mochi ice cream is from Trader Joes. FYI...Kind of an awkward service experience but I think it's OK since they just opened. I hope that they do start to accept credit cards or at least put in an ATM machine. The decor is nice and hip with a TV facing sideways from the seats (can't help it due to the layout of the place) and music (Daft Punk & Justice songs played while I was there). As for the food, it's really good! I liked the takoyaki and the kare kare tonkatsu ramen (with all the topping suggestions). The location is a little hidden BUT they do have a great spot near the movie theater and walking distance to a lot of other shops and restaurants. Definitely stop by to try some ramen.
Also, I called Friday night to find out their hours and no one picked up. Rang for an eternity. I also looked outside their shop for hours and maybe I overlooked it but I didn't see any? I'd like to know their operating hours.(vegan review)
they actually point out on the menu what's vegan and what's not; it's pretty much down to miso ramen or shoyu (soy sauce) ramen. i went with the miso, since i would imagine the soy sauce ramen to be not too far off from oriental-flavor oodles of noodles.
i thought it was great! it definitely was a hearty bowl, it felt about worth it for $9 or whatever. i don't think i'll be coming here in the summer but i'd love to go back before the winter's over.