Had a huge and excellent veal parm. Been coming here for years. Also have the best prime ribs in the NEAte here last week.   The n.y. strip was awesome.   All 3 dishes were great.   The shrimp wrapped in bacon appetizer was delish.   Joined the text club and got an extra 10% off. Ate here again  this Thursday.   Great food again.   Wish they would expand their beer selection.   Piano man was awesome.A surprisingly good place to watch the Eagles.  Dropped in to watch an Eagles game and had a surprisingly good time. Free soft pretzels as an appetizer and, at halftime, a   free buffet. can't beat the $2 Coors Light drink specials during the game and the people were very friendly. Only thing that needs improvement is upgrading the plasma tvs to real wide-screen HDTVs. Maybe in the future.WE had a family dinner,13 people, there on Mothers Day. We have eaten there before in small er groups and it has always been OK. On Mothers Day it was pretty bad ! Our waiter , Michael was terrible .He took our orders and disappeared ! What did he care ,they automatically added 20% to our bill for service,,and we could never find the guy.Several appetizers were cold, and entrees served randomly. Couldn't find Michael,had to ask the manager several times what was going on.The entrees when we got them were all very good.Michael finally showed up with the bill,collected 20% for doing nothing,and we left.......your call .The food was amazing had the Pork Chop special so tender and juicy. Our waiter Nick was on the ball.Wife took me here for my birthday. This place was awesome for the service to the food. The cake was absolutely great and the price was very reasonable. Would highly recommend this place!Went on Saturday night. Hard to find a good restaurant in N.E Philly. Randi's aint it. service was slow. Food mediocre. The sauce for my pasta looked and tasted like it was from a jar.
Sorry people from Randi's, but the four of us agreed we would not be back.My fiancé and soon to be father in law had no idea what we wanted for dinner so we drove around and decided on Copa's but when we drove up it wasn't Copa's anymore lol. We went inside and sat on the side with the bar. My fiance ordered crab legs and devoured them. He also got the chicken marsala. His dad got a steak sandwich. I got the chicken parm....my before and after pic will show you how much I enjoyed it. We've added this spot to our list of places to definitely visit again and again. Nice decor, good service, delicious food. They look like they do private parties too!We love going here before or after watching a movie. Regal cinema is in the same plaza. Great food, great service. Good place to watch an Eagles game from. Got a $10 certificate from restaurant.com which they are totally cool with. Seafood dishes are yummy and hubby got a veggie pasta dish that he liked a lot. Tira Misu isn't consistent , but still very good though. Would definitely recommend. Half the Italian restaurants down-town don't have food as good.This place has decent food just the run of the mill Italian restaurant nothing special. The food does taste good but I think it's a bit pricey. My main gripe with this place is the attitude of the hostess and servers. Instead of greeting you, we got a look like what do you want? Definitely need to work on their attitude.I was a huge fan of Randi's,  until recently.  I have been there many, many times and have always loved it.  I have even used their takeout catering for 2 events, and that was wonderful.  But, the past two times I ate there, it was mediocre at best.  I don't know what is going on there.  Whatever it is, I hope they fix it SOONWe had a coupon from the Entertainment Book that read, "Buy 1 Entrée, get one Free."  It said it was good up to $15.  Our table ordered 2 entrees and 2 sandwiches.  I was under the assumption that one of the entrees would be taken off.  Randi wanted to only take a sandwich off, which was only $6.00 when the entrees were $15.00.  The coupon states, "Entrée".  To me, an entrée is not a sandwich.  Randi, what did we have to do sit separately so only the people that ordered entrees would use the coupon and the sandwich people would not.
Aside from the coupon issue, The Chicken Parm was not good.  It use to actually be good but tonight, it was horrible.  The ends of the Chicken were burnt and tough.  We decided not to return it being we figured we had a coupon and there was no use in complaining.
Also, the beverages are horrible.  I think they make their own soda.  It is definitely not Coke or Pepsi.Very attentive staff, good food , nice atmosphere  , only downside is very small wine list but would definitely go againMediocre food.
If you like NOISY bar scenes and bar crowds--this is your place.
Nothing spectacular.I have been here a couple times. One time to dine in and another time for a party.  It is very good Italian food. Reasonable prices for the portion that you get.  Some parts of its menu can compete with Macaronis. It is constantly busy so you know that they are doing something right. Can't go wrong with anything on their menu. It is good food.I'm looking at places to take my co-workers out for our Christmas party.  I always knew Randi's was here in the corner of the Grant Plaza, but never really thought about going in.
Short version, it's lovely inside.  White linen tablecloths over maroon, carpeted floors, mini-beaded table oil lamps.  Decorations are in fall colors and the whole ambiance was pleasant and comfortable.  They have a separate banquet room and a nice looking bar with a big TV for sports.  Their website says they have live piano music on the weekends after 8:00 pm.
I went on a Monday night, which was pretty quiet, but there was still plenty of customers.  I received excellent service, from the amusing "young" man who initially filled my water glass, to my actual server, then another young man who maintained my water.  The clientele tended to be older people, comfortably dressed in casual clothing, though I did see at least one suit jacket.  Jeans and a tee-shirt are acceptable.
My meal was the Chicken Piccatta.  It came with a salad and pasta, though I could have selected soup and a vegetable and potato (I believe).  
The bread served before the salad was warm and tasty and came with a dish of grated parm (the powdered kind) and a schmear of what tasted like pesto.  No butter, but there was olive oil on the table.   
The salad consisted of romaine and spring mix, cucumber and tomato.  I think it was one of those plated ahead kind of deals, because the cucumber was a little dry, but it's not bad.
The entree was good and a very...hearty portion typical nowadays.  Two flattened breasts, lots or pasta in a big bowl garnished with the parsley.  I can't say I cared for the rosemary, but the lemon butter sauce and tiny capers were tasty and the mushrooms were very, very fresh.  
I'm not much of a drinker and I wish they had on the menu the drinks they serve.  I ended up getting a soda ($1.75).
I could only eat about half the plate and ended up taking the rest home.  In the interest of pricing things and seeing how their deserts rated, I asked if they had a desert menu.  
They didn't, but my server brought out a tray of some of the most delicious looking deserts I'd seen.  Key lime pie, fruit pies, chocolate cakes, etc.  I ended up getting the Jim Beam Banana cake, and I could taste the whiskey in it.  :-)  It was five dollars and the hot tea I got with it was a dollar fifty.
When I'd paid my bill and was about to leave, I saw that the couple in front of me had ordered steak.  The gentleman's steak was very pink and juicy and I had to ask about it.  They told me that they eat there a lot, thought that Randi's did an excellent fish course, and importantly enough, on three days a week, had a buy one, get one half price entree special.  
Before I left, I spoke with the hostess about the banquet room.  She told me that the minimum was 35 people.  However, they do take reservations and it's early enough in the season, I suppose.
I'm not an Italian food kind of person, but I'd recommend this if my friends wanted to eat Italian.I had to plan a retirement party with only a weeks notice. I called Randi's and they were able to accommodate a party of 25 even though they were booked. I thought that showed a lot for the quality of their staff and event coordinator. We had the buffet on a Sunday and the food was delicious. What was even better was the cost $18 per person and it included mimosas! Our waiter and waitress were amazing and attentive! We couldn't believe how well our waitress remembered all of our waffle and omelette orders! I plan to come here again on my own and I will definitely be recommending this restaurant to others! Thanks for the great experience!I flipping love this place.  It's in the back corner of Grant Plaza and you'd never know it was there unless some one told you about it.  Randi's Restaurant has excellent Italian Food.  Ok, so the service team here is either under 18 y/o or over 40, but who's keeping track?  Apparently me!  You can tell who's been working there for years and you can tell who just wants a paycheck.  Hell, I don't care, get me the olive oil and bread in snap! Did you mention you were going to the movies and you're looking for something to do afterwards?  Go to Randi's!  I'm in love with the over 50 crowd. They know how to party at the bar!  And the piano player?  Are you kidding me?!  He's incredible!  The bartenders are the nicest people and actually enjoy their jobs (fella's they're cute too!).  This place is next to home for me, and I love coming here.  If you don't come here for the food, ok.  But come here for the atmosphere, every one is having a great time without a care in the world.Been here before a liked it, but not this time.  Had a party of 12.  Our table had two waitresses, yet could not get our salads, soups or meals out at the same time.  Half of our party was almost finished their entrees before the other half were served theirs.  Broccoli was way undercooked and an odd shade of green.  Broiled seafood platter was overcooked, rubbery and a very small portion for $24.  This will be our last visit.I literally just had my rehearsal dinner here last night and I just wanted to take the time to say that they did a fabulous job! The food was delicious and the bartenders were great! I brought my dessert in and that wasn't a problem either! They were very accommodating and we can't wait to come back here again to have dinner!This place is a hidden gem! I went on a Friday night for a nice(ish) dinner with my boyfriend.
We made reservations so we were seated immediately, the waiter was really nice, accommodating, and informative.
Our food came fairly fast, the portions were HUGE, delicious, and filling. 
The atmosphere was quiet, nice, and romantic.
Our bill was very low, especially for the amount of food that we ate. 
We are looking forward to another five-star experience at Randi's.Placed an order for baked ziti for a ladies game night. I asked for enough ziti to feed 10. I assumed I would receive a half pan. 
To my surprise I received a full pan! The price was $25 and it was hot and ready when I came to pick it up. The ziti was delicious and I would definitely order from Randi's again. 
Thanks !I feel in love with the place.  They are generous with their portions and their food is amazing.  I highly recommend this place for lunch and dinner.This place used to be decent, but the food is now tasteless and they cram in so many tables that you can't move.  Yuck!What a wonderful job you did for my son Jason and my future daughter Lisa for their rehearsal dinner . The service was awesome and the food was delicious . Many thanks -We have always had great food and service at Randi's. The staff has always been friendly and eager to help in any way. We also attended a funeral dinner in a private setting. Now we are planning to have our wedding reception there in September 2016. Can't say enough good about this place. One of our absolute favorites!
       We just had our wedding celebration dinner here at Randi's. Rented the Merlot Room and had a sit down dinner with an open bar for 30 people plus a DJ. Food was fantastic, the staff was outstanding and the service was exceptional! Had the place for 4 hours and everything went great. I would recommend this venue for weddings, graduations and more. They also have a buffet package available. Pricing is very wallet friendly!We have always had great food and service at Randi's. The staff has always been friendly and eager to help in any way. We also attended a funeral dinner in a private setting. Now we are planning to have our wedding reception there in September 2016. Can't say enough good about this place. One of our absolute favorites!We dined here on Friday evening with two other couples.
I ordered Jumbo Lump Crabcakes . It came with potatoes and fresh greenbeans.  The crabcakes were terrible.  They consisted of mainly breading and hardly any crabmeat.  The potatoes were cold and tasteless.  The best  item on my dinner plate were the stringbeans.
My husband ordered the fish and it was tasteless.   Horrible dining experience.Randi's is another neighborhood gem. Tucked in the corner of a shopping center, its very unnoticeable. We happen to past by while heading to the theater and decided to give it a shot. 
After waiting about 5 minutes at the entrance with no maitre'd in sight we were finally acknowledged. The place was empty and waiters were walking back and forth so I didn't understand why we weren't being attended. We were then seated and all was well :) 
Bread is served with a plate of grated Parmesan cheese and pesto. There is also olive oil at every table which compliments this. 
The waiter read us the daily specials....literally...from a piece of crumbled paper. We ordered the fried Calamari as an appetizer. It came with a salad and some kind of vinegar dressing/sauce. This might be the best calamari we've had. 
I had the Trio dish which came with chicken, shrimp and scallops along with asparagus and artichokes. I also ordered the house salad and balsamic dressing and vegetable and potatoes instead of the side of pasta offered. The vegetable of the day was green beans. This dish was generously portioned and very good. I'd get this again for sure. 
Steve had the shrimp scampi with a Cesar salad and vegetables and potatoes. He ended up eating some of my chicken as well. The croutons in the salad were hard as a rock. The Sprite he ordered tasted very weird. Besides that, it was a good dish. 
The restaurant itself is very homey. Steve mentioned it smelled like his grandma's house. He is Italian so that is a compliment. The wall paper and pictures on the wall made me feel like I was in an Italian persons dining room. The Frank Sinatra music in the background was a plus.Usually a wonderful place, yet mothers day I was not impressed. Waitress was not so good and food was room temp.This place is beautiful. Its like a hidden treasure. The food is great, the service is friendly, a little distracted though. Minus that, its very comfortable, and cozy. A great place for parties, I've been there several times. The food is delicious! Highly recommended!Went here on a Sunday morning for brunch and a private event. I was pleasantly surprised by the amount of food on the buffet, both on the hot and cold sides.
It was a great mix between breakfast food and lunch stuff as well. There was anything from pancakes that were stuffed with something good, to salads and fresh fruit.
I would definitely come back for a sit down meal to taste other items as well.Was there recently after church and found the staff surly, dismissive and without any hint of basic kindness or genuine concern for the customer.   It was exactly as if we we're inconveniencing them.   Very disappointed and frankly annoyed.    Will never go back.   Should I even begin to describe the "waffle"?When someone asks where to take a date, Randi's is my 1st answer. The food is always fantastic.  The service is 75% good. You may get the occasional new or incompetant server, but the owner is almost always there to make things right. The food outshines any problem I've ever had. The specials are always my choice, but the menu definitely has a lot to offer.Upon entering you are greeted by the most unfriendly and hostile hostess ever! She makes you feel like you are an intruder and that attitude carries itself throughout the entire time you spend there! We were a party of six and one would think she would be happy to have that many people visiting this most mediocre place! The food was not good at all! The soup was like dishwater and the meal was not very appetizing either.  I would highly recommend that you do not go there!Tortellini was cold so they add a pound of sauce to heat it up, way to ruin the meal !!!' 1 drink was served and then waitress was MIA !!Had my baby shower at Randi's in the Noire Room today. It was perfect! Everyone raved about the food. Our attendant was amazing I loved her. She was so attentive and just over all wonderful. The price for having an event there can not be beat! Everyone had such a nice time. This is my 3rd event there and I can't wait to celebrate every milestone at Randi's. Thank you so much!Only went here to use up restaurant dot com certificates.  Unfortunately, they only accept $10 per visit.  Ridiculous.  We went on a weekday night at 7PM and it felt like the ending of dinner at a retirement home.  The waitress was unpleasant & my food was cold.  The broccoli that came with my filet was raw.  That wasn't was I was expecting.  I won't be returning to use up the rest of my certificates.I have been here a few times. The first time I was here it was ok, however the last time I was here was honestly the last time I will ever attend this establishment. We arrived later than the typical dinner hour - around 9pm. It took us well over 30 minutes to order because the waitress decided to talk to a regular instead of asking for our order (only 5 tables total in the dining room at the time). When we finally ordered, we both ordered the French onion soup, I ordered the chicken parm and my wife ordered the special, which was a cream based pasta dish with seafood. The French onions soup was, without a doubt the most awful tasting soup I have ever had in my life die to the
 fact that it was sour, yes sour like spoiled milk sour.  Those got taken off the bill after we complained. Entrees came. The chicken parm was decent, slightly above average. However, my wife's "special" looked like milk based stagnant water. And well tasted such - perhaps due to the fact that the waitress was talking to a regular for 30 minutes instead of getting us or order. 
I would love to give this place higher stars and go to eat here since it is very local to my place but I just can't after my most recent experience. It was one of the worst dining out experiences in my life (and as an FYI we done out an average of 2 times a week)I went here some time ago. Not only was the service horrific, the food was terrible. My husband and I ordered french onion soup which was actually sour! It was not just bad, it clearly was several if not over a week old. The pasta we ordered had a white soup that just tasted like heavy cream. Maybe we just went on a bad night, but I will never go back there again. The waitress even apologized and gave us a $25.00 gift card. I still don't think I'll be going back, unless of course that $25.00 can be used at the bar.We recently went to Randis for dinner , we entertained 20 people. Everythng was excellent.  The service was great, and so was the food.  We have never been disappointed.My first experience with Randi's was -ehhh ok. I ordered take out. Chicken Parm with Ravioli, Chicken Parm with Tortellini and Fett Alfredo. The good- portions were amazing and the chicken parm was awesome! The not so good- the flavor. The tomato sauce was bitter, I was definitely not a fan and although the Alfredo sauce was creamy and very cheesy like I like it- it lacked flavor. Maybe it was one cheese over powering another? I don't know. I will try other things here in the future but that's my assessment for my now.we have been here several times and the food was ok, not great, not awful. We ate there last night 5/4/16. The service was dreadful, slow, so slow that my food was cold. The waitress had a very snarky attitude, one step away from rude. One of the other customers at our table could n0t eat her chicken, she said it had an odd flavor and it was removed from the check. My chicken picante was cold, it had no taste of being sauteed or any color. It tasted as if it had been pre cooked and put in the watery picante sauce. I ate 1/2 of the chicken, could not eat the roasted potatoes, dry and overcooked and the string beans were cold and soggy and grossly overcooked. I won't eat there again. I wish I could give them no stars for an awful overpriced chicken meal. Oh yeah, the cream of mushroom would have been fantastic it it wasn't cold.My family and I love Randi's! They have authentic Italian cuisine and they have a beautiful restaurant. Come hungry and expect a great Italian meal with a great atmosphere! I suggest the bruschetta and calamari to start and you can't go wrong with any Italian entree.Food was awful and salty. The place needs and update. Service was great. I wouldn't give this place another try.our waiter wasn't very attentive. we were sitting for an hour and had only gotten drinks and appetizers at that point. He messed up 3 orders. never brought our bread that we asked for and the bathrooms are very tiny. I won't be coming back hereExcelent food and service verry friendly people,the best blacken scallops and shrimp fra diavolo around,soups piping hot.drinks resonably priced just a good place to eat and enjoy your companyFirst some props then some constructive criticism.  Loved the musssels in red.  Loved the filet special with crabmeat.  
Crabcakes were unacceptable with lots of filler and no visible lump crab.  Either take them off the menu or find another recipe and if you have to charge more for the good stuff then do that.
Drinking at your place used to be a bargain.  Paid $4 last time for top shelf vodka and $7.50 this time.  I miss the good ol' days.
Still love.to take Mom there when in town but tonight I left disappointed.My wife and I frequent Randi's often, it's her favorite restaurant.  It's an upscale restaurant, not a pizza joint.  Good food and a fair price.  If you're looking for a good meal at a local restaurant, I highly recommend Randi's.Great food, great service 
Such a nice family atmosphere and the waitress Jodi was the best!First some props then some constructive criticism.  Loved the musssels in red.  Loved the filet special with crabmeat.  
Crabcakes were unacceptable with lots of filler and no visible lump crab.  Either take them off the menu or find another recipe and if you have to charge more for the good stuff then do that.
Drinking at your place used to be a bargain.  Paid $4 last time for top shelf vodka and $7.50 this time.  I miss the good ol' days.
Still love.to take Mom there when in town but tonight I left disappointed.Great italian food. Been on many dates here and it's always a peaceful pleasant time. Very nice restaurant and very nice staff oysters and chicken parm are a favorite for me here. Give them a try!I usually think Randi's is good but not great,mostly because of indifferent service.  Tonight, however, due to the excellent service by Lolita, was by far the best time we've had there.  We will be back soon.  Thanks, Lolita!This place is definitely a place you don't want to go to for dinner. The steak was good, but once I got it, didn't even get a steak knife.. Had to wait for it, after the waiter told me he would get it. He went and took someone else's order.. Bad service!!I had a 60th Birthday Party for my mother yesterday at Randi's. From the time I came in to inquire about the packages, to the day of the event, everything went smoothly. We rented a private room from 1-5 and our server Chrissy was amazing. I was able to get into the room well ahead of time and decorate everything. 
The food was really really good too! We had Chicken Parm, Stuffed Shells and Roast Beef along with veggies and potatoes. Several people commented on the food and how great it was.
I would definitely patronize them again. Great experience! Good Food! Great Prices!Went last night for a birthday party. My Bean Soup was excellent but my wife's Potato Soup was inedible. My son ordered steamed clams and fries which were okay. For my entree, I had the stuffed Filet Mignon which I ordered medium and it came out mooing. It was passable, but not great. My wife's Pasta Primavera looked like orange vomit. One important note - I ordered a Chevas and what they served me was not Chevas...too light and it was probably a Dewars...a less expensive Scotch. The waiter insisted that he "saw him pour it" but I know that's bunk. I didn't want to start anything. Would not return on my own.If i could do zero stars i would. Randi's hits the trifecta of terrible: bad food, bad service, and a bad setting. 
They also earn two points for extra credit: first, the smoking area is right by the front door so as you enter and exit you get to walk through a plume of smoke; second, the bathrooms are disgusting. 
No thank you Randi. You should just close. Yuck.I thought that the food here was great. I hadn't been to Randi's in about 9 years, but it did not disappoint when I finally went back. My boyfriend and I shared two appetizers--the crab-stuffed mushrooms (good, but a little heavy for me), and calamari (super-delicious, very crispy and not chewy.) My entree of lump-crabmeat-topped angelhair pasta was very good, though I was so stuffed after the appetizers that I took it all home! My boyfriend also liked his lobster ravioli. The prices were decent too--most of the seafood entrees cost less than $20, and the portions are huge! The desserts looked delicious and I heard the waitress say that the one crumb cake is made by some lady in her house, but alas, we were too full to have dessert.A family restaurant that has been under current ownership for the past 10 years or so. Eclectic menu ranging from bar food appetizers to sandwiches to seafood, veal, beef, and chicken entrees. 
What we had:
Appetizer: clams casino. We received 6 decent size clams, whole not chopped. The stuffing delicious and cooked just right. 
Soup: cream of mushroom. I was expecting a creamy brother with chunks of mushrooms, but it was completely puréed, which I didn't mind because it was absolutely fabulous. Rich and creamy. 
Meal: 10 Oz filet mignon, topped with crab imperial and served with a side of roasted potatoes and squash. The filet was cooked as asked (medium rare) but was a bit tough and lacked flavor. The crab imperial was delicious! Roasted potatoes a bit cold, but the squash was fantastic!
They serve bread with pesto oil. Phenomenal.Relaxing atmosphere especially in the bar area.
It has a calm,sophisticated dim lighting kind of vibe. Few beers or glasses of wine and you'll be mellowed out in no time.
I can't speak much about the food since it was buffet style and I was too into the drinks by the time food rolled around. The chicken parm and salad was pretty good... The Sam Adams was just a little better though.
I'll be stopping back here again for a Christmas party so maybe I'll review randi's again eh.Italian food? I've had better Italian food from a diner. Was there for a private luncheon, not impressed. We were early, so we started at the bar. The beer I wanted from draft was empty, so I ordered an Old Fashioned. The barmaid put sugar and bitters in a glass, added ice, and poured (without the spout) about an ounce of bourbon, added a cherry and orange wedge, put a stirrer in it and handed it to me. She didn't muddle the cherry with the sugar (the proper way to make this expensive cocktail). I had to try to get the sugar dissolved with a full glass of ice in it...not easy. It had a very weird taste, I think the bitters were old. My wife's cocktail was not very good neither. Service was lackluster as well. The entry-way stunk like an ashtray too. Won't be going back anytime soon...sorry.AMAZING! The owners and staff are great, phenomenal service!!! I would recommend this place to anyone!!The food is excellent. The staff is very friendly and attentive to their customers. The bartender Danielle is a superstar!!! The owner is very friendly and makes you feel at home. I highly recommend Randi's!We have tried giving Randi's the benefit of doubt and have come back 3-4 times hoping it would get better.
But it is really awful. 
The onion soup was simply gross!
Can't understand why the owner doesn't put some money into the place. Get rid of the paper placed over the table cloth. Buy some real silverware ( plastic would be a upgrade from what they have )
Tried everything from steaks to sandwiches and nothing was worth coming back for.
Since it is so close to home and on restaurant.com thought we would try again every few months.
Never againOh boy, something is rotten in the state of Randy.  I use to really enjoy this place.  The food was good, the prices are reasonable, and the wait staff with the occasional hiccup is well above average.  Let me first state that I paid nothing for the meal, the manager comped the meal (if you can call it that) yet couldn't find the time to visit us to address what was served.  I am not sure if in the last few months something changed in the kitchen, but things need to change again or I fear they will lose more customers than me.
First course I ordered clams casino , the wife ordered a caprese salad.  The clams were mostly burnt stuffing and the salad came on a wedge of lettuce with grape tomatoes and tiny balls of mozzarella cheese that had to have been sitting in the fridge for weeks.  I mean come on how hard is it to have fresh cheese?
The second course was a disaster.  I had veal saltimbocca, covered in sloppy cheese and supermarket ham that was a horror show.  The sauce was non existent and the tomato sauce on the pasta had a metallic overly sweet taste.  When you prefer a jar of Prego you know you are in deep.  The wife ordered the chicken special, that came with vegetables so overcooked they were mush.  The risotto was so bad that she begged me not to try it, but being married for over 25 years why would I start to listen now?  It was so inedible I spit it into my napkin.
I am not a yeller and the waiter took my complaints in stride and came back and told us the meal was comped.  The look on his face told me this was not the first complaint of the night or the last.  I flipped him his twenty dollar tip and thanked him for doing the right thing.  Kinda felt bad for him as I can't imagine working there is much fun with what is being delivered by the kitchen.I used to love this place. But lately, I don't know what has happened to the service. 
One of the last times there - we sat at the table by the piano. The owner asked us if we wanted a new tablecloth and then advised us to go to the bar and get our own drinks, because it will be faster. 
I should have just stayed home. 
Plus, my drinks aren't watered down.I picked theis place because it was in the Northeast and close to my girlfriends.  Had a 7PM reservations and was seated as soon as I arrved at 6:50.  The waitress came over and greeted us but no water or bread for almost 10 minutes.  Ordered stuffed mushrooms that were very good and moist.  The dining room was nice but the majority of the the diners were senior citizens.  The salads arrived and seemed bland, greens, two sliced plum tomatoes and two sliced cucumbers.  My gf was eating when a bug came out of the salad.  I explained to the waitress that a bug was in the salad and could she remove the salads from the table and give us new silverware.  She said ok.  No I'm sorry or apology.  The main dishs arrived shortly which were hot the presentation was nice.  I had the flounder with  mashed potatoes and green beans.  My girlfriend had the shrimp scampi.  The fish was good but very soupy and the scampi was way over lemoned.  No drinks and the bill was $42.  I left a $7 tip.  Very disappointed.  Will not be back.  Sorry.I completely disagree with the two other reviewers here.  I had a very negative experience at Randy's restaurant.  The restaurant was recommended to a friend and I by an older woman who goes there every once so often.  She said that the meals are "medium priced" and the food is delicious.  The food was so-so.  I ordered their bizarre "pizza soup", which was nothing special, and then decided on one of their seafood combination plates for $25.  The shrimp, the fish, the lobster were all soaked in some kind of butter sauce while the broccoli was something like  one finds in a microwave dinner.  My friend ordered a chicken plate and it was buried underneath a mound of cheese and red sauce.  I tried the chicken and it was no better than the $10 chicken one can buy in any ordinary restaurant. 
But the very average, greasy food itself is not the reason for my negative review.  We were set up in the middle of the restaurant in an uncomfortable space, squeezed between two rhinos on one side and a trio of little kids on the other and our waitress definitely takes the cake for being one of the rudest we had ever encountered.  When my friend asked to order A, B  and C she stood there open-mouthed, not understanding what we said.  A fly could have flown into that mouth and hatched a whole family before she closed it again and registered some response.  She was completely robotic and emotionless.  When we finished our average plates in this restaurant, eager to get out of there, she stood by the table staring until we put money into the little folder to leave, suspicious apparently that we would leave without paying.  The psychotic waterboy meanwhile passed us three times with the same angry look on his face.
Now I consider myself a rather normal, if relatively good-looking person (ahem), and the same for my friend.  It's not as if I came in a full headdress with bombs strapped to my chest or a clown outfit.  I think the issue was, rather, that my friend had a *foreign accent* and this bothered the woman.  If this is really the case, then this restaurant can go to hell along with Randy.  In any case, I absolutely do not recommend this restaurant to anyone.  The servers are snobbish and the food is not worth the price.  Go instead to the Italian restaurant near the Wawa on the other side, or the Japanese place (though it's considerably pricey) also in Grant Plaza if you want a good meal.  Leave these upper middle class yuppies to rot in their corner.  Especially "Joyce" and her bald friend: I hope you both choke on your Cacciatore.Had to attend a bridal shower here this past weekend. Seemed ok until I started eating my salad. it had 4 one inch dirt balls in it. Yes, BALLS OF dirt. And I dont mean small little pieces. I mean dirt balls the size of grapes. it was so gross. I stopped eating everything and showed the people at my table but I didnt want to embarrass the family of the bride to be or the bride herself so I didnt mention it to the wait staff. I have told this story to about 7 people already because that is disgusting. I am fine with a little dirt on salad once in awhile but what I was served was more than enough for a person to notice. So obviously this place is not very careful with cleaning their food. I am guessing they did not clean the salad at all. Sick.I was very impressed on a recent visit to Randis. Its hidden in a strip center in NE Philly, but don't let the location fool you. The food was very tasty, and the service was excellent. Very crowded despite how large the restaurant is, but the food made the wait worth it. The tables are a little close together, but no biggie. The table had a bottle of olive infused with rosemary, garlic, and other herbs for dipping the bread. A pesto also came with the bread. Caesar salad was yummy with homemade croutons. I ordered the scallops Gianna. It was advertised as seared scallops with sun dried tomatoes, mushrooms, in a blush sauce. Very tasty, but it wasn't a blush sauce. It was a cream sauce, but tasty nonetheless. It came with a choice of a side of pasta or potato and veggie. I ordered it with pasta with a request of the same sauce that was on the scallops to be on the pasta instead of a red sauce, which was easily accommodated. My MMM (main man muncher) ordered the Steak Alma which was a fillet served in a Cabernet demi glace. The steak was perfectly cooked, but the sauce was sweeter then I would have expected for a cab. Overall a yummy place.Today we went to Randi"s for Mother's Day brunch. Everything was excellent. The host walked every family party to their table. The facility is very clean. Largefood selection. Everything that we tried was fresh and melted in the mouth. Waiters are very friendly. Thank you for our great timeWe came here for Father's Day.  My ex wanted Italian food so I suggested Randi's.  Lately the food had become subpar, but the last time we were here we had great service so we decided to give it another go.   
Not a smart move.
I could base my review on the hostess' attitude.  It sucked.  No other word for it. She has always been miserable, but the food mostly made up for her misery and lack of personality.  So that set the tone for the evening.
Next comes the seating.  We were sat at a table and quickly received our complimentary water.  Then we waited.  And waited.  And waited.  Other tables around us were getting waited on with quick, upbeat waitresses. The gentleman with the water then came by with complimentary bread and dipping oil.  This saved us from eating our cloth napkins. Two tables, aside from ours, has the same look of frustration we had.  It shouldn't amaze anyone that those other two tables were near us.  
Finally the gentleman with the water came and asked if we had our orders taken.  I bluntly replied, "No."  He scampered off presumably to get our server.  I was five seconds away from leaving, announcing to our table "let's just walk" when the waitress materialized.  As soon as I saw her, I blurted out, "Aww crap".  Now I felt slightly obligated to stay.  She heard it (I wasn't whispering) and asked if we wanted another server.  I wanted to say "Are you kidding?  It took a fortnight to get you here!", but I instead said, "Oh no, It's fine" or something as benign as that.
Then we ordered.  My ordering took a bit of time because I really wanted manicotti and it wasn't on the menu.  One would think it would have been since we were at an Italian restaurant.  But I digress.  I instead went for a special which took a bit of decision on my part.  So now we are ordered.  All entrees are in and we were due two salads and a soup.  I had a pasta dish.  Child one has ravioli and child two had spaghetti.  The ex got a filet mignon and crab dish.  He requested his medium rare.
Our salads came quickly.  Awesome!  They were awful, but at that moment, I would have eaten the napkin since we long depleted our bread basket.
Then we went back to waiting.  I'm not going to bother repeating the word waiting because by now, you may have gotten the gist.  
Within one special needs child meltdown, one teenager crisis, three walks, one bathroom check, and a cigarette break (the ex, not me), our food finally made its way to our table!
Remember the other two tables?  They were going through the same ordeal less the family drama.
The food was served lukewarm.  I wasn't about to send anything back because we would run the risk of another wait time rivaled only by the DMV.  The filet was cooked almost well done save a hint of pink in the middle.  Both kids hated the sauce on the pasta dishes.  My food was the edible but bland.  I didn't care since I was eyeing the napkin once again.
Here's the funny part.  Not once or twice but four times as we were eating, various bussers asked us if we were finished.  I'm thinking "I just got my food six seconds ago after waiting eight years for it!  Go away!"
At this point, we were done.  We wanted out, but we were back to the waiting game for the check.  When we did get it, I was paying with a card which got moans and eye rolls from the table.  "Mom, we'll wait forever.  Just give her cash."   "I'm not giving her all my cash."  "It'll take years to get out of here."  "I'm still not giving her my cash!"  The server came by and grabbed the holder with my card.  My table then abandoned me to the parking lot as I waited to sign.  Our sever was quick to bring the receipt to me.  Not sure why.  I left just enough of a tip because I liked water man.  He deserved something.  I signed and left, pretty much vowing never to return.  I live in Philly where there is no lack of restaurants.
As I walked out the door, that's when I remembered my kid never got her soup.  I mentally deducted it from the check, felt justified in the small tip, smiled, and went to the car.Randi's always a guaranteed good meal, good evening. As great as the food is the friendly staff is what really makes the place special. Plenty of parking. Full bar. Handicapped accessible. Try the desserts!Terrible pushy service in the middle of a ghetto shopping center. A lot of nerve with those prices and the food sucksI have been to Randis three times in the last three months and I have not been pleased.  I was first there for a baby shower in one of the smaller banquet rooms.  Food could have been better and it was almost impossible to find a waitress to order a soda.  Also when the host of the shower asked for chicken finger platters for the children the waitress was very nasty and said why can't they eat the other food. The second time I was here was for a graduation dinner. Food was good but servers were rude. One gueat was yelled at for not using her bread plate. When I tried to ask for another drink the waitress told me to hold on and walked away. Finally I was there yeaterday for a baby shower in the main dining area. The food was a brunch buffet with tons to choose from. However the food was awful. Many of the guests were complaing about how dry and tasteless the food was. The service was also horrible. One waitress for 75 people. I only had no drink the entore four hours I was there because the waitress never came back with my order also when guests repeatly asked for more tea the waitress became nasty and yelled that there was a pot on the table.  However the pot had been empty for over an hour. I hope I never have to go here again.Low quality food, poor service. 
Came for lunch when a private event was occurring. Stood at the front for about 3 minutes. Nobody to be found. Went to the bar looking for assistance. Told to go back to the host stand and we would be sat. Took the individual another two minutes to come over and sit us. 
The food really stunk. The bruscetta had no flavor. The bread was burnt and it was so off putting. The potato bacon soup just wasn't good. It was too starchy and flavorless. The caesar salad wasn't very good either. It was advertised as homemade dressing. There was nothing homemade about it, and it was drenched. Finally, the lobster ravioli. So gummy and undercooked. I think I had raw pasta. There was a really nice amount of crab on top. That was probably only positive.Dined for first time last night with my husband!   Great waiter, Chris, made us feel at home.  Food was awesome!   Bowl of soup that comes with dinner was a meal itself!   Since it was Monday, 1/2 off 2nd entree was a deal!  Loved place & will def be returning!!The service here is absolutely HORRIBLE!!  We were there last night for a special dinner and the waitress barely looked at us while ordering.  Worst of all, she lost the credit card used for the bill, then blamed it on us and walked away.  Moments later she realized she still had it, came back and nearly threw it at us.  NO apology or anything!   Our party of 10 also received our meals all at different times.  Will not be back!my husband & his organization go for their Xmas dinner.  myself, hubby & other family members love the food.  we made reservations for Easter dinner.  everyone likes the food.  I love the prime rib.I tried this place twice and both times they gave me a hard time. The food is good, however if you are eating here make a reservation. The front desk is very rude and that probably won't ever change. 
I walked in to a nearly empty restaurant only to be told I couldn't be seen without a reservation. There was literally 2 tables eating the rest were empty. Maybe somebody rented the place?  
Either way no explanation just told me to basically leave. So I did,  I went to Tokai the Japanese restaurant not far away better service good food. That was the second time I went there.  
However my first visit the server I had spilled a whole pitcher of water on the table and onto my lap. Now accidents happen,  although I felt it was deliberate.  But I'll give her the benefit of the doubt.
  Now it was me and my wife so I wanted to take her to a nice restaurant and a movie. Well they give me a really bad table in between every server walking through the restaurant.  But I'm still optimistic. 
Next another no reservation couple walks right in the give them a nice dark corner window candle lit seat,  so now I'm a little annoyed. We make our order, the other couple gets their food before us. We both finish up about the same time. 
Our server doesn't come back for like 40 minutes. She does come back only this time she walks in with a huge dessert tray to show off what else we could order,  I'm thinking ok she can redeem herself. 
 As I watch she walks right the hell passed me and toward the other couple. And she leaves. I mean she's gone for another 20 min. I am now officially pissed.
So  I go to the front and deal with the grumpy lady I basically tell her to get my bill. She tells me that's the servers job I told her well I've been waiting for her for about an hour to serve me after she spilled water on my lap and all over my table.  She took my payment and I didnt leave a tip and I never have done that before.  
This is your official warning,  again the food is good but it's almost always about the service any where you go. This place doesn't know how to treat the paying customer.