Not a particularly upscale place, this just delivered a good, thin-crust take-out pizza fairly quickly and affordably.  As a few people have noted, the sauce was a bit on the sweet side.It finally came to the point where I had to cheat on Lazarros. Every other week I feel like they have a new menu with higher prices so enter Randazzos across the street.
Thanks to the positive reviews on yelp, the transition between take-out places went smoothly. I ordered some hot wings and they actually were covered in hot sauce  (I know crazy concept!). They were crispy meaty and delicious, probably a new Sunday football staple. I also got the chicken cutlet italiano sandwich on a long roll. The chicken was slightly overcooked but arrived hot with melted provolone, spinach and red peppers. I also sampled the turkey club which had crispy bacon and a good amount of meat. 
Its $1 for delivery and the menupages menu is accurate. I can't wait to try their pizza, peace Lazarros!Got delivery and the food was delicious and reasonably priced.  The stuffed shells were excellent.  They even gave us free garlic knots. 
For the price, I can't imagine there's anything betterBest Pizza in Philly. Their white with garlic is my go to for pizza night. The one thing I would recommend is if you are going to get something with a lot of toppings on it (like buffalo chicken pizza) order it well done. The thin crust can get a bit soggy.Very good pizza (I like thin crust), friendly staff, and  reasonable prices -- two thumbs up!I order from the one where I live and never have an issue.  I ordered a Turkey club sandwich with no cheese.  I get Turkey and cheese on with toast, plain nothing else on it.  I called and they told me I need to specify what I want on it.  Told her clubs are standard or it just a plain sandwich. Never againFavorite pizza place around. Ordering a fresh pie is better than the slices! All the food is yumm!!Popped in with friends for a quick snack, was so pleasantly surprised with the quick friendly service, delicious hot huge thin crust slices. I'll definitely go back. Just S of the square & affordable with a plethora of choices. Hit the spot to keep us going on a cold night bar crawl.How is it that I didn't write a review of this place?!  I stopped in here while visiting a friend in Philly last year.  It's a small, unassuming lunch-counter style place, but simply put, it's some of the best pizza I've had.  I still remember it; I had a pizza with spinach on it, and it was so perfect and fresh...mmmm.  If/when I'm in Philly again I'll definitely be back.When there's a pizza place on every block, it can be hard to stand out. The constant flow of people in and out of Randazzo's is a sign of its popularity. I've never been when it wasn't busy. A good portion of the patrons are coming from the hospital across the street, and I guess that's how I found it, too -- my husband has eaten there for years and found it because his mom worked at Graduate. 
I usually stick to the plain pizza, ordering a whole one to share in the restaurant, and it's really very good. The crust is thin, the sauce is slightly sweet, and the cheese is salty and gooey without being too greasy. I've also tried the veggie stromboli, which was stuffed with tasty veggies and cheese, and it was also good. But somehow, recently Randazzo's just doesn't seem quite as exceptional as it used to be.I usually go to Lazaro's but I didn't have any cash on me & this place takes credit cards. I ordered a cheesesteak & fries (separately, not as a platter). The cheesesteak @ $6.25 was average- would give it a better rating but I feel there just wasn't enough meat. If they charged $6.75 & put more meat then I would probably bump up my rating. The fries @ $2.50 on the other hand were very good in both quality & quantity. i've never had a cheesesteak @Lazaro's but EVERYTHING else I've ever had has been very good, so I guess I'll need to get a cheesesteak there soon for comparison.Randazzos has the best cheese steak pizza ever. All the food is great quick delivery.Probably my favorite pizza place that delivers to my apartment. As other have explained, the crust is great. The sauce isn't too sweet, I think they have it down perfectly.
The Sicilian pizza from Randazzo's.... its amazing. After a few drinks at happy hour, there is nothing else that hits the spot like this pizza does. As soon as you pick it up you will notice a difference from other pizza places that have it all wrong. They're too skimpy with Sicilian pizza. The thick crust and layer of cheeses and sauce is heart warming.
On that note, I think its time to give Randazzo's a booty call before they close.Totally last minute, "what are you doing? come grab a bite" type of situation last night. It's small, seemingly impersonal, but totally comfy.
I've stopped in to grab a soda a million times before, but never had the food. Last night was just one of those nights where I wanted junk food & not chinese food, and it had to be within walking distance. I planned to go alone, but got a phone call as I was walking up the street, so I invited him along.
I had the turkey hoagie (super fresh everything from bread to all the toppings) and mozzarella fries (one of my dirty little secret obsessions), date had the steak stromboli.
Food was good, more than enough of everything (we both had take out boxes - and he's a BIG dude), and the staff was super accommodating/eager to help/please.
He was pleased, I was pleased, I'll be a regular from here on out.This is by far my husbands and I's fav , go to pizza place !! Neighborhood gem & must try for localsForget about the Genos/Pats rivalry, it's all about Lazaro's v. Randazzo's in my hood.  So the other day I was coming home from my second work out and I was starving.  When I first moved to the area I was informed by a neighbor that Lazaro's was superior, so that has been my spot for greasy delicious pizza.  But I decided to take a risk and check out Randazzo.  I got a slice of tomato pie that was pretty solid.  I really liked the flavor of their sauce.  FYI, the tomato pie is Sicilian crust with the tomato sauce they use for pizza poured on top.  The girl at the counter was very helpful and they seem to move a little quicker than their rival across the street.  Also, the 10 or so delivery men waiting around are not present at this spot.  Bonus, Randazzo's is a block closer to my house.  Downgrade, the slices looked smaller than Lazaros.  Only a head to head competition will determine who reigns supreme.  To be continued...Pretty decent pizza delivery shop. I ordered a medium cheese pizza this past weekend. Delivery was pretty fast and the delivery guy was nice. Pizza was good as well. Definitely one of the better delivery options in center city. I would order again. They only take orders by phone though, FYI. But they also have free delivery.I love this place-never actually had the pizza, but it does look and smell amazing- but I've had their salads and they're awesome. They are huge, cheap and being someone that has salad at just about every place in Philly, I can honestly say you get the most bang for your buck here. Comes with black olives, roasted red peppers, onions and a whole bunch of other stuff! Tuna salad is amazing, too!
Also- the staff, especially the girls that work the counter are really nice!Nothing to write home about. Decent pizza. Made quick. Friendly staff. We did pick-up but they deliver too. Price was $15 for a medium red sauce,cheese and 3 veggie toppings.I love Randazzo's pizza and stromboli... hot wings aren't that good... and they accept credit cards which is a big plus (I never carry cash). Overall, I highly recommend this place.Yay!  I'm a fan.  Randazzo's has fast delivery of tasty pizza.  What I liked best is that they were able to do a half and half pizza with no complaints.  Not just half with peperoni or something easy like that - they did a half regular pizza with mushrooms and sausage and the other half was their specialty pizza with eggplant parmesean.  Most pizza places will not do that.  The prices are reasonable too.After reading reviews here, I must've caught them on an off day. The staff appears nice,  but they're clueless when it comes to customer service recovery. We made an in-person order for takeout. It was a simple 2 item order consisting of an eggplant parm sandwich and a cheesesteak pizza, which was ready to be heated. 15-20 minutes later, after asking about our order,  we discovered our order has never been processed.  After, the more senior cashier spoke with the chefs, we were told to wait "a couple more minutes". Patiently waiting 20 minutes later, our order was finally ready. We got nothing except a "have a goodnight". I was too hungry and tired to say anything, so my wife and I just dined in.  While trying to enjoy our order, I recognized the staff is still somewhat busy,  but they make no attempt at an apology or acknowledgement of their mistake, not even looking our way.  After reluctantly attempting to walk out silently, I brought up a complaint.  The senior cashier had nothing else to say but, "I was going to offer you a drink,  but I saw you already had one".  She only apologized after I approached her. I don't expect good service at a dine in deli, but I also don't expect to wait 40 minutes for a sandwich and a ready made pizza. Overall, this experience left a bad taste in my mouth.I went here yesterday for lunch on a tip from a passerby that they had delicious milkshakes (but only if "the girl" was making them).  Turns out that "the girl" was not there that day, but I decided to give it a shot anyway.  I ordered the black & white milkshake and it was delicious - just the right amount of milk and an incredible amount of ice cream, which made it thick and awesome.  
. . . oh, I had a slice of buffalo chicken pizza, too.  It was definitely not the best I've ever had, but I wouldn't say it was terrible either.  It was just okay.Pretty standard pizzeria fare, but their pizza is pretty great. The dough and sauce are homemade and made fresh daily. Chicken cutlets are as good as you'd get in any south philly kitchen. Everything is hot and fresh and you can't beat the cheap prices.Fast delivery, reasonable prices, and consistently good pizza, wings, and sandwiches.I love their Pizza when you order you get what you ordered  is totally delicious I haven't received not one time a bad meal from there if you want something good to eat go to Randazzo's you will be satisfied!Yummy pizza and very cheap. Crunchy crust and hot toppings, perfect quick lunch takeout or sit down. 1 plain, 1 margarita, 1 sausage , and large bottle water =$11.One of the better pizza delivery in the grad hospital/fitler/rittenhous area. Pizza can be a little greasy sometimes but the crust is always perfect. Great sauce and toppings too! Oh and any place that DELIVERS mint chocolate chip milkshakes holds a special place in my heart. :)I had moved out of the area for several years, and upon my return and it was nice to see that the food here hadn't missed a beat. The service was friendly and depending on the time of day relatively quick. I do wish simply for convenience that they had a mobile app, but they are worth the waitPizza is good, cheese steaks are great, wings are mediocre.  I don't like their wing sauce but besides that this is my go to place near me for a pie.It's high time that I write a review for Randazzo's. 
I was a Lazaro's man. Until one night I was hungry and didn't have any cash. I rolled the dice on Randazzo's so I could use my plastic. Glad I did. Lazaro's is great and all but Randazzo's is my daily driver. 
Consistently perfect pizza, great steaks (beef and chicken), great hoagies and great wings. Munchies - fries, mozz sticks, etc are all above average. 
Every time I order they say 45 minutes, every time it shows up in 20. 
Here is the reason I am finally writing a review - last night I ordered my usual and the delivery dude showed up with regular soda instead of diet. I was ready to say no biggie but he went to the bodega on the next block and bought me the right soda. After I had already tipped my usual. That's service. 
Keep it up Randazzo's!Wow, I expected more from a place voted 4 stars by philadelphians.
Pizza tasted like Papa Johns and had a layer of grease on it like I haven't seen since the gulf oil spill.
Wings were awful, and didn't have any sauce on them.
Caesar salad was actually the highlight of the meal, unfortunately.
Meh... is about right.I'm actually mad at myself for walking by Randazzo's so often (usually, to pickup Lazarro's) and never going inside...until recently. 
Their wings were delicious - although the "hot" wasn't that spicy at all. Pizza was very good. Lots of variety you can get by the slice!
Definitely will be going backAt first glance it may be missed, a neighborhood pizza spot sandwiched between Pinky's Café and Fortune Chinese on South Street. But there is truly something extraordinary happening in this little kitchen that serves up Southern Italian specialties. Baked ziti smothered with mozzarella comes with a huge slice of garlic bread and a side salad. Calzones filled with eggplant, spinach, or ham will need to be shared or take two sittings to finish. Their hefty size can seem intimidating. The easiest way to attack a calzone is to cut it in half lengthwise, making it more dippable in the accompanying side of marinara. For neatly wrapped dough with the sauce already inside, make-your-own strombolis are also available. Customizeable for any pizza toppings, it will satisfy any pizza lover's craving. Oven toasted hoagies and cheesesteaks round out this affordable yet tasty menu.Good cheesy and specialty pizzas here! The crust is not too doughy and slices are thin. Perfect local spot.Visited Philly, wanted some real east coast pizza.  I was going to check out Lazaro's but realized I was out of cash.  Wah wah.  Afortunately, Randazzo's was happy to swipe my card, and my heart.  I had two huge slices, one with spinach, the other with veggies.  They were perfect.  Crispy crust, delicious sauce.  Really garlicky.  Honestly, I could give a shit about Lazaro's.  In my book, Randazzo's is where it's at.Awesome slice of pizza here! Gooey cheese, perfect amount of sauce, and the crust is perfect. The girl behind the counter isn't very friendly but hey, it's worth it.Solid food. Pizza is very good and sandwiches are always delicious. As far as the Randazzo's vs Lazaro's debate goes, I am still torn and give them each 50% of my business.I am picky about my pizza and had been suffering in Rittenhouse neighborhood until I found Randazzo's. Thin, crispy crust, not too sweet sauce, delivered hot. Yum. And the wings come with just enough crispness, are relatively meaty and delivered hot too. If you are looking for lots of cheese on the pizza, order extra. Nice staff. Great delivery pizza spot. Thank you Randazzo's.I really like the pizza here.  On two different occasions though I had two different experiences that's why it's -1 star.  
First time I went, the crust was floppy and the pizza very very cheesy.  This is how I like it.  The second time I went the crust was a bit too crunchy for me, but it still tasted pretty good.  I don't like crust breaking when I fold it in half.    Also, I paid .25 less than I did the first time.  I like that.  
The gravy isn't as sweet as it is at Lazaros so that's a definite plus.  
Overall, I wish it was open later, but I would definitely go again. 
Aaron O will leave another comment about how I don't know pizza because I like it very cheesy and floppy.   I've had what people call "good pizza".  I don't like it.  I like floppy cheesy overly sauced Philly pizza.   That's why there's chocolate and vanilla.I ordered delivery from this place for a couple years. Their sandwiches are great. I actually miss them. You'd think it's easy to make a decent sandwich, but I still have trouble finding a basic sandwich made as well as Randazzo's does it. Their grilled chicken caesar salad is also great. Lettuce is not cheap iceberg, but hearty romaine, and the chicken is seasoned and still warm. 
Their real killer order is the soup. I love every soup they make. It's a shame they only have it in the winter, and that their downsized the container by half... but it's still a really good soup (just a bit pricey now). 
This place isn't the lap of luxury, but if you are looking for simple food done right, this place won't disappoint.fast nice cashier.The best rating i think a takeout biz deserved to get is a 4 star. I really like itVery tasty plain slice at $3. Nice cheese and sauce; crust is just right too. A good NY style taste.yummmm one of my favorite pizza places in philly! reminds me of boardwalk pizza...yummy thin delicious greasy wonderfulness. have only ordered delivery, usually takes about 40 minutes or so. I haven't tried anything besides their pizza, don't want to jinx it!my favorite pizza place outside of the nys border. pizza is dankkkkkI ordered a cheesesteak pizza and cheese fries, for myself, one night while I was starving.  
I ate it all in about a half hour.  So must be good?  Not sure I tasted it I was so hungry.
... I need a less starving moment to make a real judgement, but as of now Randazzo's is 1 for 1.AWESOME WINGS! I love this place! It's pretty cheap, they deliver fast, and they take cards. The white garlic pizza is my favorite so far. I've ordered caesar salad based on ealier reviews, and it's fine, but not that great. Like, California Pizza Kitchen has far superior ceasar salad. But seriously, who relies on a pizza place for their salads? Go to Pure Fare for that.A decent slice joint, easily superior to nearby Lazaro's. The pizza ain't special but it's a hot slice of alright. The sandwiches are similarly 'okay'.I used to be a Lazaros follower but Randazzos is taking over for pizza in my hood!!! I love the philly cheesesteak pizza! The stromboli's are delicious and huge. Prices are good too.My go-to local pizzeria for a slice or a cheesesteak. The food is delicious and the people are friendly.I have ordered from here multiple times on those stay-in movie marathon nights when cooking is just the last thing I want to do. It's always been good, not great, just good--which fulfilled its purpose. However this last time, nearly every aspect of my interaction was a disappointment.
I called to place my order and the girl who answered quickly took it and said "alright bye" and hung up the phone without asking for my payment information or an estimated delivery time...ummm okay? So I call back and give it to her. Then I wait...and wait...it definitely takes longer than usual to arrive (keep in mind their location is literally 2 blocks from my doorstep). When I finally get it, I open the bag to find marinara containers spilling EVERYWHERE...seriously? That's annoying. But I'm hungry so i start to dig in. I had decided to try the deep fried broccoli bites, which were at this point were not even warm but otherwise good. Until I get halfway through the order to find tiny pieces of bacon in them which, as a life-long vegetarian, was the last straw. There is enough vegetarian presence in this city that restaurants have a responsibility to their customers to acknowledge the presence of meat in an item that would otherwise be assumed vegetarian. At this point, I simply threw out the rest and determined that in the future I would be ordering elsewhere on my movie nights.Not bad.  They were courteous on the phone and did not take long for delivery.  Three stars since the pizza was average and the prices weren't so cheap.My neighborhood stop for all things pizza and cheesesteak.  Buffalo chicken cheesesteak is quite tasty.I decided to take the advice of a local to skip the tourist cheese steak spots and try a local pizzeria for authentic cheese steak.  I am glad I did. The cheese steak meat was chopped up which i found to be better than long strips of meat.  The bread was fresh and not soggy. I was born and raised in NY so I know pizza. These slices were huge. The crust cheese and sauce were even from top to bottom and the taste was superb.  I ordered our food to go so cannot comment on the bathroom but the inside of the pizzeria was very clean. The person behind the counter was helpful and very friendly.Absolutely delicious pizza. First time ordering here and I will be back. Had their wings and half cheese half sausage pizza both are soooo good. Especially the wings. They could use more sauce in my opinion, I like saucy wings, but fortunately I keep a bottle of Frank's in the house so that wasn't an issue. Super flavorful. Get them hot.They make a decent cheesesteak and chicken cheesesteak with generous portions. Their fries (that I've only ordered once) were horrible bits of oil with basically no potato. I wonder if they just gave me the leftovers as they didn't want to make a fresh batch?
It's small inside so we usually do take out.Pizza is very good and sauce is savory (not sweet like a lot of Philly pizza sauce). I like the ziti too (with extra sauce). Staff (in person and on phone) very friendly and delivery is quick.Don't like there pizza taste like cheap government cheese and bread yuck but I do go there often for everything else burger , salads , pasta dishes etc .A because it's good and location is perfectI have been very happy with Lazaro's delivery, but after reading  Randazzo's reviews here, I decided to give them a try. I ordered a large thin crust mushroom pizza,  which is my standard order from Lazaro's. The pizza arrived quickly.  However,  I was to put it mildly extremely disappointed. To me,  thin crust means crisp.  This crust was soggy,  even after reheating in a very hot oven and not what I consider to be thin. The sauce was meh. Needless to say, it's back to Lazaro's for meThe bad reviews come from competitors, or out-of-town idiots, but if you try this pizza, there is no doubt that is the highest quality.
I used to live on 2nd and Carpenter, and they wouldn't even deliver except that I arranged to pay extra for the delivery.
End of story - My neighbors would see my Randazzo pizza box in the trash, and even though most were strangers, they would ask me how I got them to deliver.
They all wanted Randazzos.  That should say everything right there.
I'd give it 7 stars if I could.  The epitome of real true pizza.  
No caviar and fried clam toppings.  Real pizza at the best.
-FrankNot the cleanest place to eat on south street. The cheese slices look like they've been sitting for awhile. Odd enough they always have a lot of business.My go-to pizza spot.  Pizza and cheesesteaks are solid (especially their Sicilian style) and believe it or not their milkshakes are awesome!  Definitely worth checking out!Closest thing to a "Boardwalk slice".  This is the pizza I've been looking for in Philly. I've ordered from so many places and just came across this. My baseline is a plain and this was tremendous. Thin crust, perfect cheese to sauce ratio. 5 stars for sure.Love, love ,love this place. Always consistent and delicious. I have always had quick delivery and friendly service while ordering. The plain cheese is amazing, thin and flavorful. Eggplant calzone is great too. I need to try the cheesesteak Stromboli, I hear it's amazing!!!Very authentic pizza of Italian style. Recommended. In addition, the cheese steak pizza is awesome too!Awesome Italian hoagies.
Huge delicious slices.
Great service.Solid pizza and wings! Great crust and flavorful sauce. I particularly love their Sicilian pies. They deliver and the food always arrives quickly and hot. This place would be a five-star if their fries were freshly cut. I know it's a pizzeria, but if you sell the item it's fair game! Regardless, this place is one of my favorite delivery spots.Best pizza in the neighborhood!  Loved it, but ask for the crust to be extra crispy.Probably my go to for a pizza place in the Graduate Hospital Area. The pizza itself is 4 stars, nothing spectacular but definitely good for the price. However I've gotten their chicken cutlet sandwiches, salads, and fries and those are all really good. The people are nice and the prices are good.Good Chicken Parm?  DONE DEAL!
A solid chicken parm is my kryptonite when it comes to a pizza restaurant.  Luckily for me, this place is right around the corner from where I live and I couldn't be more happy.
At 5.50 for a hearty/big parm, its a steal.
Great balance of sauce and cheese.  The bread was also perfectly cooked.
Haven't tried the pizza here yet, but look forward to eating it, perhaps drunk, perhaps not.
Can't go wrong here.Randazzo's is hands down my favorite pizza place in the Rittenhouse / Graduate Hospital area.  They do a great thin crust and the sauce has a really nice flavor... not too sweet or salty.  They have several other solid offerings too, including strombolis, cheese steaks, and sides.
The owner and employees are all good people, and always friendly and talkative if you stop in.  If you opt for delivery, they're prompt and the food arrives hot and fresh.Love this place, I was relocated to this area and I literally ate here every day for the last three weeks. I was wondering how long it would take before I was tired of it, never did! They do a great job on everything from salads to the wraps to the steaks to the Pizza. The slices are great ! and the varieties !! The tip jar stays full because of the great service !!!I am relocating again but will definitely be back!!!!!Randazzo's will be the cause of my inevitable type II diabetes. The stromboli are out of this world, and the veggie pizza is invariably tasty and satisfying. Careful, though, this food is perhaps too good and way too close to my apartment. To add insult to injury, they also have delicious ice cream.For the longest time I couldn't find a good, inexpensive pizza spot in walking distance to my job. This little pizzeria sits on South St near Graduate Hospital. 
I had a fish sandwich there that was bigger than my head and reasonably priced. They serve steak fries that my boss is a big fan of. 
The pizza is delicious and they have good hoagies. Cheese steak is passable. I only use that adjective because this is Philly and I would get murdered if I said otherwise. 
The service is sooo friendly too! I like going in there to pick up my order to simply hear the comradery among coworkers.Best cheesestake. Really good caeser salad.  The pizza is amazing, stringy cheese, not sweet sauce.So being new to the neighborhood, I am in search of a place I can rely on for some good pizza.  I've heard through the yelp rumor-mill that Lazaro's Pizza and Randazzo's Pizza are pretty much arch rivals which obviously makes me want to try both of them and set the record straight here on Yelp.
I picked Randazzo's to try first because it was closer to home and who really wants to walk and extra block unless your convinced it's for better cheesy-tomatoey goodness?
The place was empty and I was waited on right away at the counter.  We chose 3 slices: a Buffalo Chicken Pizza (per our fellow Yelp recommendations), a plain (you have to try the classic), and a Tomato-Spinach-Ricotta pizza (for my girlfriend who thinks that vegetables on a pizza makes it healthy).
They were ready in 2 minutes fresh from the oven. All 3 were spot on and exactly what we were hoping for. The slices were huge (but thin) so I only recommend getting 2 or more slices if you are really hungry.  They had just the right amount of cheese, sauce, and toppings.  The Buffalo Chicken was my favorite but the plain was really good too.  These aren't the best slices of pizza we've had in the city but they were definitely well above average and it's going to be hard for Lazaro's to top this place in my book. 
Review on Lazaro's coming soon....Food is decent.  I've been going here for the past 5 years or so.
I'd give it more stars, but the girl that works here has an attitude problem.   She's always unpleasant on the phone and in person.
Definitely worth checking out though.I ordered a plain pizza and buffalo wings because I was right across the street at Penn Medicine. The wait was about 20 mins for my order to be ready. The pizza was ok, the crust was a little too hard to enjoy so I didn't eat that part. However it was a nice ratio of cheese to sauce. The buffalo wings were pretty good, I got mine hot. The sauce was good and had a noticeable pepper taste, which I enjoyed. Also, the food is priced reasonably, only costing about $21 for both. However, not long after eating my stomach began to hurt and a few hours later the same happened to my mom. It was the only meal we shared so I see no other reasoning behind what could've gave us awful food poisoning that lasted 2 days. While those buffalo wings were certainly good, I doubt I will return to this establishment due to how sick I got after consuming their food.Last night my friend, who is visiting from out of town, and I were craving late night pizza. I was hesitant because I have had lots of bad luck with pizza delivery since I moved to Philly. Read some reviews on here and decided to give it a try. Overall, it was pretty good for delivery pizza, not too greasy, thin slice, plenty of pepperoni, and the crust tasted pretty good. Also, the cheese stayed on the pizza and did not slide off after the first bite. I will order here again upon the next craving.I love, love, love Randazzo's, customer service is always great, food is always hot and exactly what I expect. I recommend Randazzo's to everyone that will listen. Keep up the good work!!!