The broccoli is amazing. You know how you feel in honey grow when you want to eat healthy but the store is packed, the line is long, and the environment is so loud. You feel stressed and uncomfortable. I went to Real Food Eatery with my co worker this week, and it was amazing how clean, calm, and enjoying the atmosphere was. The service was great and patience as we were trying to figure out our order. I got the mushroom caps over brown rice, broccoli and roasted sweet potatoes. I am hooked. And you will be too once you try it out.LOVE this place! I was looking for a simple, healthy and tasty option for lunch and this was perfect!! Will definitely come back next time I'm in Philly!Came here on a Thursday night within an hour of them closing. I was craving some simple, good food after traveling all day and when I saw them on Yelp it seemed to be exactly what I was looking for! 
They had several specials that day, "Mom's meatballs" and cajun shrimp. I got mom's meatballs ($11) over greens with half an avocado (+1.5) and roasted shaved brussel sprouts as my sides, w/ a pesto sauce and then an additional side of sweet potato hummus ($3).
The food came out speedily and was pretty solid- I eat gluten normally but the food was very solid. I would probably give it 3.5 stars if I could because it was good but it wasn't anything special. Most of the food I could make myself at home, but that's the food I was in the mood for when I went. 
The meatballs were good but would've been better with a marinara sauce (I ended up using my hummus and pesto as a sauce for the meatballs).
They didn't really come on much greens so don't expect to be able to make a salad out of your dish.
The brussel sprouts were really good- they were nicely roasted and shaved which made them easy to eat with their (compostable?) utensils.
The avocado half was covered in olive oil and spices which was really yummy (healthy fats + more healthy fats = :) ). The quality of the avocado itself wasn't great but I attribute that more to the fact that it's March in Pennsylvania rather than Real Food's ability to "make" a good avocado.
The sweet potato hummus was pretty good but they only gave me 4 small cucumber slices for a literal tub worth of hummus. I actually ended up going to a bakery afterwards to buy some bread to eat with my hummus (yes, I do see the irony in going to a gluten-free place for dinner and then going to a bakery afterwards).
Their fridge was broken when I went so all of their drinks were luke warm/room temp which was a little strange but they were forward thinking enough to put a sign up offering cups of ice if you wanted.
I also got the rose + pomegranate inspired brews kombucha ($6.50) which was good but definitely not worth $6 (again not Real Foods fault but thought it was worth mentioning).
Overall, the food was solid and it's a nice place to go if you want some simple food with options for customization. I would potentially go back for lunch if I wanted something healthy and easy.I'm gonna make sure they know my name by how many times come here. At least 2-3/wk. I've been enjoying it more over Chipotle but pricing a little higher ($2) for the chicken. With it you get a much healthier meal and ability to customize. I feel better after eating here.Love this place. It really IS 'real food'. This is exactly how I prepare meals at home. Fresh vegis, whole grains, grass fed meat, and the entire restaurant is GLUTEN FREE!!! 
Wish we had one of these in California! Thank you for a delicious and satisfying meal!!The vibe is relaxed and authentic from the minute you step into the restaurant.  The food is simple, healthy and beyond delicious!  I had a Cobb Caeser with seared steak for lunch and it was so so good.  I'm not one of the Kale-converts (old fashioned iceberg works for me) but I would seriously eat this every day.  The portion size was perfect and the price was insanely cheap for the quality of food and center city location.  Coworkers with me were oooing and ahhing over the roasted carrot fries (yes I said fries people) beets and broccoli sides as well.  Looks like we have a new favorite lunch spot!I can always count on Real Food for simple, wholesome meals. Love that they added a plant protein to the mix. While the portobella mushroom was good, I prefer the tofu. Also love the drink selection - kombucha for the win!I've been in town for work this past week and tonight I needed a break from the options of fried food, Asian, or salad and noodle bowls and I came across this place - my only regret is I didn't find it sooner! It was INCREDIBLE. The chicken thighs were perfect and the beets, kale and carrots had just the right amount of crunch.  Everything looked and sounded amazing, I feel like I could have eaten here every night without having the same thing! Highly recommend. Oh and the staff were sweethearts too!A tasty spot to get lunch, but from what my dining companions said, don't get the pork.  I got the steak and I could not have been more happy with it.I was super excited about the concept but have to say it fell short of my expectation. 
Don't get me wrong, it's still a very solid option. You get one main dish (entree) of a protein and two sides. All of their main dishes and sides are healthy and flavored well. Like baked chicken, sweet potato fries, roasted broccoli, etc. BUT, it is nothing that I can't make myself. I mean, I can cut up some broccoli, season it with salt and pepper, and throw it in the oven. None of the ingredients or spices are things you couldn't find in a normal kitchen. So don't expect any exotic or creative options. More like safe options. 
I'd say overall I'm pretty happy with this place, just not blown away.Went back for my second meal yesterday and it was just as good as the first!  The first time I had the roasted pork shoulder over greens (I chose a spring mix with a light vinaigrette, but there is a Kale option as well) and 2 cold sides, the Quinoa salad with raisins and the chickpea salad.  All were very good.  This time I got the salmon with grains (rice) which comes with a deliciously earthy walnut pesto, the roasted sweet potatoes and quinoa salad (again, so you know I loved it!).  To be honest I was concerned that the salmon would be a little dry after the searing, as that seems to happen all to often, but it was perfectly moist.  Great value, too!  This was a lot of excellent food for under $13.  (And the pork was under $10!)I came in here for a quick healthy dinner while staying at a hotel nearby and was really pleased with my meal. I created my own bowl and got tofu with a base of kale and I chose the sweet potatoes and cauliflower as my sides. I went with sriracha for the sauce. The menu clearly labels what is vegan, allergy info, etc. The portion was huge (and very reasonably priced) and I probably shouldn't have eaten all of it but I managed because it was quite tasty. I noticed the tofu was cooked far away from the meats on the grill and the guy used separate tongs so that was a plus. The sweet potatoes were really delicious...probably my favorite part of the meal. The only thing I wished was that the kale was tossed in some lemon juice/olive oil or something because some bites were a bit dry with just the sriracha as the sauce. It's good to know there's a quick healthy food option in Center City and I will definitely be back!I'm with it. Like another reviewer said, it's like a really awesome home cooked meal. In Center City, there are no places like this where you can get something healthy and familiar. It's nice to go grab some chicken and potatoes and broccoli when you don't want to go home, cook, and do dishes. Additionally, there's a little bit of everything: poultry, fish, steak, something for everyone. Prices are reasonable - about $10 to $13 for an entree and two sides.I stopped into this place because I was in town for a conference and wanted to eat something vegetarian, healthy and filling. 
Upon walking in, I wasn't sure where to begin.  I must've asked the staff at least 20 questions and was definitely that annoying customer, but the staff was gracious, helpful and kind despite how annoying I was.  
I ended up getting a side plate with brown rice, broccoli, sweet potato hummus and kale salad.  It was delicious, nutritious and well-priced. I recommend this to anyone who cares about their health, wallet and taste buds. 
Thanks for the great service and grub, y'all!I love the real fresh food at Real Food. It is a great lunchtime option in the heart of Center City. And also good if I need to grab an easy dinner to take home. The pre-defined bowls are my favorites. I appreciate the grill tofu option. The sauces add just the right umami and/or spice. The service is friendly.Was excited to try this place since it's close to where I live and work, but was quickly disappointed. I got the mixed green option meal and the greens were a sopping mess (think greens that just sat in a container of water and they serve to you) I couldn't even eat them and had to remove from my meal. The rest was ok, the meat was decent but the hot veggies I got were kind of dry. Giving it three stars bc I know getting a new place going can be hard and the staff was super friendly, otherwise I would've given it one or two stars, hopefully they can work out the kinks! If I go back I'll be sure to inspect the greens closely.Stumbled upon this place post Flyhweel class, so I was subsequently STARVING. Decided to give this place a shot since I saw tofu on the menu.
I went with the entree and two sides. Tofu as the main over sautéed kale, brussel sprouts and mashed sweet potatoes as the side--all for less than $10! It also came with some sort of tahini sauce, which was also dope. Everything was v flavorful and tasted just like a home cooked meal, which is exactly what they were going for.
Definitely will come back here! Great for an on the go super healthy dinner or lunch.Fantastic! Healthy food, with vegan, vegetarian, and gluten-free options. You can get a plate that includes a protein (meat or portobello mushroom) over rice or mixed greens, with two sides for under $10. There are also some bowl options. There are a ton of healthy sides abailabke, hot and cold. The quinoa salad, roasted carrots, and roasted Brussels sprouts were all delicious! Portion size looked like it was going to be small, but I was stuffed after I finished. Will definitely come back!I'm glad I found this healthy and reasonably-priced restaurant for lunch on a warm summer Sunday while visiting Philly!
The restaurant was clean and the service was good. I built my own bowl with 1 entree (meatballs), 1 base (went 1/2 brown rice and 1/2 quinoa), 2 sides (balsamic beets with walnuts and goat cheese + roasted sweet potatoes with cinnamon and cayenne), and a side sauce of soy ginger. The total came out to be around $12 (the build-your-own-bowl prices are based on the entree), which was very worth the amount of healthy food!
The bowl tasted great, but I wished there had been more than just three on-the-small-side-yet-still-tasty meatballs. Though both sides that I ordered were good, I should have switched up one of the sides for broccoli or carrots since I had chosen such carby bases, so I'm noting this in my review to advise future Yelpers who try this place out!
I highly recommend trying out Real Food Eatery, and if I worked in Philly and in this area I would definitely be a regular here for delicious workday lunches!came here for lunch and was pleased!
it reminds me of farmer's keep (except i think farmer's keep is dairy free) but it was good!
i got CYO bowl (meatballs, chickpea salad, charred broccoli, quinoa, spring mix & sauce) and everything was fresh and delicious! the quantity was generous as well.
price and quantity add up here which is always a plus in my book.
my only tip for the business would be to not give me a sauce bowl worth of 2 tsp for my whole bowl! don't be stingy with the sauces :)This place is doing almost everything right:  The ingredients are fresh, the food is delicious, the decor is contemporary.  The grass-fed sirloin is juicy, in a garlic marinade.  The pork belly is extremely flavorful and not too fatty.  The quinoa salad is perhaps the best I've had.  I enjoyed the beet salad and the brussels sprouts, though not as much as the other stuff.  And the brown rice has a fluffy texture that doesn't suffer from the usual grittiness encountered elsewhere. 
The reason I give it 4 stars is because twice I've left there still hungry.  Some may appreciate the portion sizes.  I would estimate that, depending on what you get, they amount to somewhere between 600-700 calories.  But for big eaters who live active lifestyles, we want more calories for the buck.  Perhaps they should have an option to increase the portion sizes for a small fee.  I'd pay it.  Otherwise, I'd rather pay a few bucks extra for a place with table service, larger portions, and more options.Great spot for a healthy and filling lunch. I like the customization aspect of it, being able to piece together your meal. I am pretty bummed they took the mushroom caps off the menu though, those were my favorite. I like that they recently added quinoa ( I usually always went with the brown rice as my base) but it's a little lackluster. Could use some sort of flavor to it. 
I've always had good experiences here and usually get take out to bring back to work, but the last time I ate in the restaurant I had at least 20 little flies all around me an landing in my food as I was eating. It was disgusting and not what I expected after my previously only great experiences here. Hopefully this was a one-time disaster and it doesn't continue.
Overall - the food is great. It's healthy and leaves you feeling satisfied without feeling like you just ate way too much. As long as the flies go away I'll be back.Had the chance to visit the place last week with my wife. We had the chicken and steak. Both delicious and full of flavor. We really like the roasted broccoli and carrots and also the chick pea salad! Super delicious! We couldn't believe the portions as well. Definitely got more then we paid for! Will be returning for sure!Went twice ... The first time it was around 7 pm .. Food it was dry and not many options left .. Second time was a Saturday around noon .. Food it was it was ok they have every options! Still not impressYum yum yum!!!!! So good! The sweet potato hummus is AMAZING!! I got salmon, it was perfectly cooked, served over rice (but you have the option to get it over greens) and then you get to choose TWO sides! I went with the hummus and the sautéed brussel sprouts, it was the perfect amount of food, filled me up, AND it was healthy too! I'll definitely be coming back again and again!Let me tell you about Real Food Eatery. Its amazing. I am constantly on the hunt for healthy, yet flavorful, lunch options close to work. As an attorney, I rarely have more than 10-15 minutes to get out and grab lunch. I went in to Real Food Eatery today at around 1:30 and was in and out in less than 5 minutes. Granted it was after peak lunch time, but the set up of this place leads me to believe its consistently quick. The worked who took my order was helpful and answered my question easily and did not get frustrated when it took me a second to figure out what side I wanted (no brussels sprouts as listed online! bummer!).  
Now let's get to the important part: the food. I'm currently on a no-sugar added, no-dairy, no-grain 30 day elimination diet. I was able to get a full, filling, and delicious meal here! I got the lemon chicken thighs over greens, with a side of roasted sweet potatoes and roasted carrot fries. The chicken had amazing lemon flavor, without being overpowering, and was crazy juicy. Contrary to previous reviews, I found the sides to be perfectly seasoned--just enough to add something to the natural flavor of the veggies. 
All of that delicious healthy food for under $10. I am so full and happy, and so is my wallet! This is definitely going to become a regular place for me. I can't wait to try more of their food! (I'm looking at you salmon filet!)This restaurant is perfect for people like me who don't usually enjoy healthy food but need to eat better. The food is consistently delicious and well portioned. It's an ideal option for your post-workout meal. The line moves quickly and the food is always fresh. The owners and staff are super friendly and knowledgeable. Can't say enough good things about this place!!!Nataly N has treated me to her MealPal meal at Real Food Eatery twice recently.  I was pleasantly surprised on both occasions.
As you can probably tell from its name, Real Food Eatery focuses on "unadulterated, authentic, whole food that is cultivated in the manner that nature intended."  In my mind, this philosophy meant it was health food focused and I wasn't quite sure what I'd get in terms of flavor.
My first meal was chicken and broccoli.  The chicken came on a bed of quinoa and the dish included some sweet potatoes.  The chicken was cooked just right and all the items on the dish had a lot of flavor. I'm not a fan of sweet potatoes and so they were the only thing I didn't completely finish.  The portion was more than I expected for a MealPal.
My second trip greeted me with chicken, hummus, and a brussels sprout salad.  This time the chicken was on a bed of lettuce.  I missed the quinoa and the hummus wasn't my favorite.  However, again the portions rocked, the meal tasted good, and I left happy.
Prices seem reasonable and I've never had to wait too long.  If you are thinking of eating healthier, Real Food Eatery might be the place for you!I was very excited to try Real Food Eatery since I am always looking for healthy options in Philly. I stopped to pick up dinner and I got the salmon with the kale and beets as sides. The salmon was ok; cooked right but portion was too small. I also thought the sides can be more flavorful. More seasoning on the salmon and sides would make it better!I decided to update my review.   It has been @ a month since I have been patronizing this establishment.  I have upgraded my review to 5 stars.  The staff are very friendly and professional.   Its pleasant to be greeted by name at the door ..."hi, Yusef "  The food is excellent. The preparation is very healthy...and paleo friendly.    After a hard day of work and school, I very rarely feel like cooking....so I am always looking for healthy places to eat.  This is definitely a place that i will regularly patronize.I brought my children to Philly for a quick overnight stay and happened upon Real Food Eatery. My daughter and I are Celiac and were overjoyed to find a restaurant that could safely meet our needs. My daughter had the steak and I had the portobello mushroom cap and both were amazing. The side items were super fresh and tested great (kale salad, chick pea salad, broccoli and brussel sprouts). I had a friend with me and she reluctantly shared the butternut squash curry soup. She loved it! If you're in the neighborhood and looking for something fresh and healthy, give it a try. You don't have to be gluten free to enjoy a great meal!I wish this place was closer to where I live. It was awesome! I had kale, lemon chicken, sweet potato hummus and avocado. Perfect for my dietary restrictions. I'll definitely be back next time in town. Yum!In recent years, there's been no shortage of healthy, whole food eateries downtown catering to the business district lunch crowd. They sprout up like organic romaine after a heavy rain. Some have been pretty good. And some have sucked.
Real Food Eatery has been by far the best. In two visits, everything I've had has been flavorful, properly cooked, and fast! I typically spend about $12 for a salad bowl with protein, two veggie sides, and cheese added. While it may seem difficult to make a combo of seemingly different flavors, everything on the menu plays well together. The meals are light & filling, and your innards will thank you for feeding them something nourishing. 
My only gripe is that, each of the two times, they forgot something I ordered (first time chicken, second feta). While annoying, definitely not a deal breaker. 
Otherwise, this place rocks! 
Pro tip: Try the quinoa with raisins, parm broccoli, beets, and steak.I've been here several times, and the food has always been great. Service is fast, and the prices are reasonable. I wish I could come more often, but it's a bit of a hike from my office.
Plus they have cold press La Colombe!Came here to grab food for a morning picnic when I wasn't feeling the typical eggs-and-bacon combo. I thought it was relatively well priced for this new type of "build your own bowl/plate" establishment that's in a post-Chipotle hipster revival. The food was flavorful and fresh. Would definitely come back again!OMG! walked in off the street, so yummy.got the RFE bowl with sesame sauce on the side. RFE will be my new go to when I'm shopping in Center City. Love this place. better than Sweet Greens and Honeygrow. cheaper than PS&Co company and faster than Plenty!I usually don't write Yelp reviews, but being that this place is relatively new on the scene, I thought I should help them out by sharing my positive experience:
Last week I was heading out on my normal week day lunch ritual when I realized I didn't have time to wait in the extra long line at my usual spot.  I felt a slight sense of panic when It occurred to me that I might be stuck with the Lean Cuisine I keep in the work fridge for emergencies, then I noticed the bright red Real Food Eatery sign staring at me from a block away.  I had heard about the place before, but the words "gluten-free" had me skeptical so I held off on checking it out sooner.  Much to my surprise, the menu was compiled of most of the foods I usually eat--salads, roasted veggies, and grilled meats.  I never realized I was so on-trend with my diet.
Anyway, I opted for the salmon over brown rice with sides of carrot fries and cabbage slaw.  The salmon was moist with no frills (I did add a little salt and pepper), the carrot fries were nicely browned and have almonds and fennel seeds to add some dimension of flavor, and the slaw was fresh, clean and crunchy (and not mayo-based, thankfully).  The whole ordering process was easy, the wait was less than that at Honeygrow, the staff was pleasant, the restaurant was clean with ample seating, and I felt satisfied and healthy after my meal.  
Real Food Eatery: you are a game changer.  Can't wait to go back!Food was really good. But service during my visit was really inefficient. Finished orders were piling up by the cashier and it seemed like they didn't have a system for dealing with that. Also, I'm not sure how they were serving food that day with the fly infestation they had. There were flys all around the serving area and one kept trying to get at my food while I was eating it. There was also a hair in my food.YES!  Fresh, simply prepared foods, combined as one desires.  Whole, clean, and picky-friendly. Perfect, no-guilt but delicious lunch spot.I work on Walnut Street and this place is my favorite spot to get lunch. The portion sizes are huge, and the quality of the food is top notch. The grass fed sirloin melts in your mouth. I'd highly recommend getting food from here.I really like this trend of healthy, fast food places with lots of variety popping up all over Philly. Real Food Eatery is very similar, they have entrees, salads and some soups with a little of Mediterranean flavor. You order at the counter and then walk down to pay for the meal, it comes out in just a few minutes and you can stay and eat right inside. We came at 11am so it was not crowded at all. I tried the veggie bowl with rice, mushroom/kale mix and sesame dressing, I also sampled with butter nut squash soup which was pretty good. I think this is a nice place, but the prices are a bit more than I would expect. Worth checking out!Just went here for the first time and I'm definitely going back! Under $10 for a meal ....large portions -I took half home. Food was fresh and tasted great. Very clean inside and some great drinks that are different. Menu is gluten free and you'd never. Know!I had the Lemon Herb chicken thighs with quinoa, cold Brussels slaw and chickpea salad. Threw on some spicy sriracha as well. Incredible. This place rocks!Big fan of this place. It's basically set up like a Chipotle where you order on a line and food is simmering in pots, but with a wider variety of styles. Herb-rubbed chicken is always good and I hope they bring back the grass-fed meatballs they had for a while. There really isn't any other place in the immediate area that is faultless from a nutritional standpoint - hearty but not swimming in GMO grease and sugar glaze or full of white carbs, with a lot of vegetable options - but also very reasonable; most of the platters are $9-12, with chicken and pork at lower end of the range and beef salmon shrimp at the higher end. There needs to be more restaurants in the world like this where you can get a solid meal without any health-damaging garbage or much in the way of cheap filler ingredients.Great food and location!  I would highly recommend RFE.  I would have given 5 stars but they do not provide the nutrition information online for the food.  This leaves me having to estimate it myself on MyFitnessPal which is inconvenient.  Even rough estimates would be nice if there are small product changes from time to time.  This restaurant targets health conscious patrons, know your audience!  I will be visiting this location again many times.Real Food Eatery is yet another healthy food option on the Philadelphia scene.  It runs on a similar premise to other spots where you create your own bowls.  You begin with an entree and then choose your base and two sides.  I chose chicken with a grain base  and roasted carrot fries and charred Brussels sprouts as sides.  Everything was good enough but nothing distinguished this place above others of this genre .... in fact I like most of the other healthy food option eateries better because their portions seem a little larger and they have condiments and sauces to add.  When I asked about condiments at Real Food Eatery, I was told in a nice manner that they don't have any and that they hope their food speaks for itseif.  Well the food spoke to me that it could use a little kick!Very tasty. I felt like they gave a great portion size for the value, the sweet potato hummus was delicious and to die for. I'd go again, just for that! They also had a cool Cola version of la croix 
The only negative was I smelled really bad after leaving and so did my clothes- i'm guessing the open kitchen is why?As a man who loves simple, high quality ingredients, Real Food Eatery is the fast casual restaurant I've been waiting for. There's nothing else like it in Philly. I will be coming back regularly.I wasn't expecting too much from this place because I was worried that the food might be a little plain, but I was so impressed with my meal! I got the herb-rubbed chicken (with a brown rice base), the warmed beets, and the kale slaw, and literally wolfed the entire thing down. 
The beets came with goat cheese, and the kale slaw reminded me a little of a healthy coleslaw with feta cheese - it was the perfect complement to the beets and the chicken. 
My normal go-to for a well-priced healthy meal in the city is Agno, but this meal was definitely on par and made for a nice change.This place is helping to fill the void for fast yet nutritious food options. Yes they are great for those with food allergies, but it's also just plain old DELICIOUS! I don't even like kale as a general rule, but I enjoyed every bite that was in my bowl! In my dream world Real Food Eatery would own up locations along the turnpike so that I'd never have to eat a gas station sandwich again.I love that there's another healthy lunch option in center city, but don't quite love the price point. It's on par with places like honeygrow and sweet green, but I found the flavors less innovative. All the food does remind me of a good, home-cooked meal, though, so I could probably eat it every day for a long time without getting tired of it! 
The sweet potato hummus is really good, but I wish there were more cucumber slices or some bread/pita to go along with it. Most of the entrees are pretty plain tasting, but you can get a free sauce, so make sure to choose one, especially if you get the mushrooms! They can put the sauce on the side, too, but the sauce is definitely necessary!
One idea for the restaurant ... would it be possible to get just one of the vegetable sides on its own? I'd love to be able to get a side of fresh vegetables without purchasing a whole meal!Ordered for my daughter and used Caviar as the food delivery service. She had salmon, he had lemon chicken! They both raved about the meal, especially the brussel sprouts side. A great way to gift a loved one AND get a healthy. yummy, well rounded meal. Oh, and it was delivered warm!! Whooppeee!! Aren't I the good Mom & mother-in-law!! Real Food Eatery and Caviar you ROCK!!Very tasty, healthy food and good quality. Portions are sufficient, and the food is never greasy. I always start with the kale (no sauce) or quinoa as a base and have had the sirloin which is perfectly seasoned and the chicken thighs are also very good, (but I prefer white meat.) I usually get the broccoli and sweet potatoes as sides, the sweet potatoes are always perfect. The broccoli is a bit salty or over seasoned, but it's still pretty good. They have plenty of other sides and bases to choose from such as spring mix or brown rice, I'm just a creature of habit. I'm always full after a meal here, so it's definitely worth the money and walk from Grad Hospital.
The atmosphere is pretty good now, it's become a bit more rustic which I like. Before they decorated it was a bit too sterile, so I didn't eat inside. Overall high quality, tons of options, and well-prepared food with good portions at a good price (for  Rittenhouse.)Nice spot for a clean and satisfying meal. I got the veggie bibimbop which was good- it would have awesome if they have marinated tofu/seitan they could grill up as a protein. Their only veggie protein option was portabella mushroom--which I am not a huge fan of. The bibimbap was balanced and flavor was solid. The sauce on top made the dish. Rice was nicely seasoned. Thanks to my bestie for taking me to this eatery!Delicious food using fresh ingredients. All dishes are gluten-free.
Platters include one protein, grain or salad and two sides. Prices vary according to the protein you pick. The herbed chicken with kale slaw and broccoli was delicious as was the Very Berry salad. They also have rice bowls. Good price point for healthy, fast and casual food!
My husband and I ate there on a weeknight - it was much better than the typical take-out or delivery options in Rittenhouse. Nice atmosphere too - very clean.
We asked if they deliver and they said that they are currently on Caviar for delivery but will be launching delivery orders and service via their own webpage soon! Can't wait! 
I definitely plan to become a regular.I stopped by for lunch with a colleague yesterday and it was so good that I 1) talked about it all afternoon 2) went home and told my husband about it 3) spent a considerable amount of time looking up recipes to replicate my delectable afternoon 4) came back for more today! Yesterday I got the chicken thighs with quinoa, Brussel slaw and beets with host cheese. There was so much food, I knew I shouldn't eat it all but it was so delicious that I physically could not stop myself! Mmmm... beets... eat them then thank me. Today I got the sirloin on brown rice with cauliflower and sweet potatoes. Also yummy but not as great as my first visit imho so I'm glad I had those beets on the first day. I don't know what else to say. Just eat these things because they will probably make you a better person.Great new addition to the area serving delicious healthy food options with friendly service. I will say I had the salmon which was overcooked for my liking and the pesto didn't seem to be the freshest so there is room for improvement as they get their footing.Great space and good food! It's just off of the main thoroughfare of Walnut, I didn't know it was there because I don't usually walk down 16th. I did a yelp search for nearby lunch and found it! Love the wood floors and matching tables. I got the veggie bowl and added salmon, it had a yummy sesame dressing and lots of delicious grilled kale. My friend got the strawberry salad with steak on top. Good lunch, will be back! Will get my order in a compartment plate next time, looks like a school lunch.The food is really good and fresh but just not filling enough if you're really hungry. I like to go before or after a workout to feel healthy and recharged. The steak is my favorite with the sweet potato hummus and broccoli for my sides!Amazing, healthy, friendly, yummy, menu and customer service. My friend (who is gluten-free) and I walked in just as they were closing, the kitchen was closed, but the owner approached us and offered to prepare any of the cold dishes to go, even though they were shutting everything down. 
He was so kind, friendly, and accommodating above and beyond. On top of a great experience, the dishes were delicious, healthy, able to meet a variety of dietary needs, and inexpensive, yet enough for at least two meals. Highly recommend. Good food. Good people. What more can you ask for?This place had a great atmosphere and good options for anyone, especially people with dietary restrictions. There were meat, fish, and vegan options. The food was flavorful and also really healthy. They had a great variety and also carried a decent selection of drinks.Very good!  I enjoy simple food with great flavor.  All selections are guilt free if you are focused on fitness and nutrition.  
Review is really 4-1/2 starts with slight ding for smokiness in restaurant.  I stopped in last week to check it out and today to buy, both times leaving with smoked food smell on my clothes.  Pet peeve I have...We were really looking forward to grabbing a healthy meal after a week without many veggies. There are a few places we were considering for lunch, but this place seemed like it had the most selection. 
We were pretty disappointed by the options when we got there. They had a few salad dressings but no descriptions of them, and the person who ordered before us seemed to be offered a sauce that wasn't mentioned when we asked for the options. 
The meat was flavorful and tasted fresh, but the roasted veggies were oily and soggy. I was particularly disappointed by the lack of description for the roasted broccoli. It didn't mention on the menu that there was Parmesan in the broccoli, which I cannot eat because of the dairy. If the food labels were listed on the menu - or if you ordered each item as you walked past their descriptions - I probably wouldn't have made this mistake. 
The menu also didn't mention that brussels sprouts were an option, and the man helping us seemed bothered when I asked to change one of my sides. 
Overall, what was meant to feel like a refreshing healthy meal left me feeling bloated and dissatisfied. I was pretty bummed about it, and was kicking myself for not having chosen the other option we were tossing around.I really enjoyed dining here; I came at 3 pm in the afternoon and the restaurant was pretty empty. My food was prepared very quickly. 
The meal was filling and healthy. The chicken was grilled to perfection and the tangy sesame dressing enhanced the brown rice and broccoli. 
The dining area (tables) is kept very clean and there is a bathroom in the back of the restaurant as well. 
I will definitely return to try the Salads!This place is like Chipotle for healthy food. I've ordered quite a few of their plates which include a base of rice or greens and sides. Some favorites include the parmesan broccoli, chickpea salad, and sweet potato hummus. The portion size is substantial & can be split into 2 meals IMO. I recently tried their butternut squash soup, which was slightly spicy and satisfying for a light lunch. Overall, I would recommend Real Foods for a quick healthy meal.If your in town and plan on doing a lot of walking this is the best place we found in Philly for good tasting food that will give you energy for the day.
The pork shoulder and veggies were top notch.  The avocado is seasoned with an oil that I will try to duplicate when I get home.
The servers were very helpful with suggestions is paring food.Came here for lunch and it was great! Got here at 12pm and there was no line. By the time I left around 1pm it was long, and the food proved why! I got the Cobb Caesar Salad with chicken and it was really good! I left feeling full but not that gross feeling because everything was so fresh. It was about $13 which isn't bad for the amount of food and how good it is. I'll definitely be back!I wish we could get one of these in Chicago!  I was in town on business and needed a healthy dinner that was Whole30 compliant.  Location was an easy 10 min walk from my hotel, the prices are reasonable considering the amount of food you get, and the food was delicious.  Fast casual, healthy and Tasty? Sign me up!I love this place! I visit at least once a week and never disappoints. Many options so never boring. Colleagues came to Philly for the weekend for a class and wanted a good lunch spot. Every one of them was impressed by the selection and quality of food as well as the model. Great customer service as well. These should be at every rest stop for great food on the go! So glad to have you guys in Philly.Healthy options and open later than most places in the hood. I'd go back for sure. Lacks a star because portions are not as large as I'd like.There are two kinds of people in the world: those who mix their food into one beautiful creation, and those who prefer to enjoy each food separately. Prior to real food, these individuals were forced to identify with a preselected choice- either the restaurant mixed or did not. Thankfully for the mixies and the non-mixies, real food eatery had a diverse menu which you can choose: to mix or not to mix. 
They also offer a wide range of vegan and Omni friendly selections. I noticed that the chef preparing the tofu carefully avoided cross-contamination. I cannot stress how important this is for anyone who does not eat meats or dairy. 
In addition, their staff is extremely helpful and was able to master the line (there is usually a line) with ease. It's perfect for a quick lunch, and you can easily spend under $10.Solid place for a quick healthy meal. The chicken is DELICIOUS. This is definitely a place where you know exactly what you're getting. The ingredients are all listed on the little placards in front of the dishes. Presentation isn't amazing and the portions are quite small for the price, hence the minus one star. Great place to add to the quick and healthy eats rotation though!Great option for a healthy lunch. Especially if you are not in the mood for a salad.   Good flavors and quick service. Casual vibe. $16+ is a bit on the high side for salmon - esp when the portion is this modest.  Otherwise, no complaints!
UPDATE (4/27/17): Thanks for the info, John C.  Makes a lot of sense and the salmon was delicious. Happy customer!I took out portabella mushrooms over rice with sides of roasted broccoli and sweet potatoes. First, the good news. I really liked the sides. Second, the mushrooms were very good too, but a small serving. My issue is with the boring white rice which was the grain. Why not something more interesting such as barley, quinoa, or polenta? Or, maybe couscous?
Added on 9/14/17
I recently stopped in and was glad to see quinoa was added as a base. I ordered a platter of salmon over the quinoa along with delicious carrots and broccoli. Like my previous review in which I had the portobello mushrooms (sadly no longer offered), the portion of salmon is minuscule. A larger piece and this review would have been five stars.Got the spicy meatball bowl which was really filling and delicious.  Would give 4 stars except the add ons of steak and mushrooms were TINY.  See picture.
Also rec getting it to go since the whole area smelled like their open kitchen and that greasy oil smell took away my appetite a bit and then I smelled like grease for the rest of the night.Healthy.  Fast.  Vegan friendly.  What else is there?
Order a bowl with tofu, roasted carrots, beets, then drown in sesame sauce.  The best!Awesome bowl of healthy food!
Ordered the Avocado Bowl. Simply delicious! Even my 13 year old enjoyed her meal!My fourth or fifth visit and I'm always amazed by the quality of the fabulous choices. I'm always greeted with a smile and knowledgeable employees who want you to love what they prepare. Today's slow roasted pork was fork tender and so tasty! The quinoa salad changes regularly and didn't disappoint. If the warm roasted beets with goat cheese is on the menu, don't miss out on these sweet, earthy gems. And all for about $10?! You can't go wrong.Great service and food. Their gluten-free, dairy free, and vegan options are amazing. The food has great flavor and you know that you're not putting crap in your body. I would highly recommend if you want good quality healthy food on the go.Such a great addition to the neighborhood. I don't know of any other casual food restaurant in CC Philly that offers salmon freshly cooked in front of you within 3 minutes.... for lunch! I've become a regular, and not planning on changing that anytime soon.